
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a two for for the people. Awesome interviews both in person. We have Jacksonville Jaguar's head coach Liam Cohen on the show, talking about his path to get there. Football philosophy. We also have Stephen Shaa confronting him. Kind of pussying out in front of Liam Cone. But good, good dude. Liam Cohen. I think we Educated him also on the history of the Jacksonville Jaguar. Yes. Are some things he did not know. Yes, big time. We also have Brady Kacha, captain America in studio.


Awesome. Interview with him. We're gonna do Hot Seat, cool throne. More bad news for the Mavs. And we'll finish up with the listener submitted FAQs. And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.


Hey basketball fans, are you ready to win real money? Check out. Pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts. DraftKings pick six dunks on its rivals, including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you'll slam home higher. Minimum payouts on pick six than flex plays or prize picks. And best of all, you'll win even more cash if you post rise the competition. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six in cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 in pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. The fun of the basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code Take for new customers to play. $5, give 50 in pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football, they try to avoid me. 'cause I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, football.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. The fun of basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code. Take. That's code. Take for new customers to play. $5, get $50 in, pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins. Only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, March 5th. Is that the odds of March It? 15th. 15th, right. Beware the odds of March. Beware the odds of March. What is that? That's when Caesar got, he got shanked. Beware the odds of March. I I, I apologize. I was gonna say another bummer for the season. From hell. From the Mavs, but I got distracted. You're right. 15th. 15th. March. 15th. March 4th was yesterday. And that's the only day of the year. That's a complete sentence. Yeah. Also March the fourth be with you. Yes. Is what the Star Wars people Say. Yes it is. That's a fact. No, but yeah. Season from hell for the Mavs. The worst Sucks for Kyrie. I feel bad for him. I feel bad for Mavs fans. This has just been so shitty for you guys. Yeah.


And now Anthony Davis, according to Shams, he and his representatives are huddling up right now. Oh no. To, they're all gonna figure out whether or not Anthony Davis is gonna return this year. You basically went from the window opening. Incredible run to the finals last year. Luca Superstar, your young bigs, you know, gonna be big pieces. Kyrie his whole career, like, you know, not rebirth, but he started to have fun playing basketball again to now we're sitting here at the odds of March and, and Kyrie is out for the year with the torn ACL Luca's on the Lakers. And Anthony Davis is huddling up.


Yeah. They're huddling to determine whether or not they're, I I'll tell you what's gonna happen if they decide for him to come back, he's gonna have like a hamstring strain. Yeah. In game one. Yeah. It's gonna be planned out like the Bay of Pigs and then it's gonna be over just as fast. Yeah. It's not, not a good situation for the Mavericks to be in, but I Feel bad for him just because this, this is the worst season Dallas fans have had to deal with since the 2024 cowboy season. Since this season. Yeah. This and then the season before last, and Then the season before last. But Duke's good. Duke is good. So that's good. Tony Romo. Yeah. That's good for them. I, I have, I I think it was put perfectly by noted NBA insider. He said it is bad that they don't have Luca anymore.


Who said that? That was pug. Pug. Nailed it. Pug Nailed it. Pug absolutely Nailed it. Listen, if you had Luca, you'd still be like, ah, this sucks. But yeah. You know, maybe he'll be back next year. Probably not. But even so, we got Luca. Yeah, We got Luca. We'll make a run in the playoffs. We probably won't win it all, but we'll at least like have some fun moments. But it is bad that they don't have Luca anymore. That was the one thing that, that Dallas fans had for a long time. Even when the Cowboys weren't playing well, when Dak would get hurt, they'd be like, well, Luca season coming up. Luca, Luca holds it all together now. It's like, yeah, Kyrie, he's got another, another season left on his contract, I think. Right? Mm. Yeah. I imagine he'll opt into that after this injury. I have no idea how NBA contracts work, but I think he has one more year left.


Yeah. So he'll be back next year. Hopefully. Maybe it just looked bad, but respected Kyrie for stepping up to the foul line while he was crying and then hitting the foul shots. Yes. Yeah. That was kind of cool. It's Kinda like when Kobe did it with his Achilles. Yeah. That's, that's the best thing that's happened to the Mavericks this year, was Kyrie being able to hit those clutch free throws. I, I don't know if you're a Mavs fan. I don't know what you just, you just pretend this year didn't happen. Well they Also, if you're a season ticket Holder Oh yeah. They got the notification that it's gonna, prices are gonna be up 8% next year. Oh no. That to help pay for Anthony Davis' medical bills though. Yes. Their insurance went up. Yeah. Brutal. I feel bad for Mavs fans. What do you think are The worst seasons?


Ooh, this has gotta be one of the worst seasons, right? Yeah. This has to be, I mean, given all the context, winter, winter, winter. Given all the context though, I think this has to be one of the worst seasons of, of all time. And I know that people will be like, well, that's reactionary. But I'm just saying the context of finals run last year, like future seems super bright. And then to have everything fall apart and not just every, like you can deal with if Luca was injured, but still on the Mavs, you're like, all right, season from hell, we'll be back next year. Everything fell apart. And your own team sabotage your bright future because they traded away a top three guy. Yeah.


It's not good. I would say this, the White Sox had a season from hell, but that was just, that was different. That was also, that was almost by Design. And that also like gets to comical level where it's like, holy shit, how many games are they gonna lose? Yeah. But yeah, this is really bad. Brown's 2024 Brown's 2016 Browns 2024. What was that Was this year, Sean? That was this year. Yeah. But see, I, you had jamis you had some bright spots in there. Yeah, I think, I think the, with sports it's always like, when, when a team is bad, it's like, all right, that was a bad season, but it's the expectations and then where it ends up. Yeah. That's the combo. That's the deadly combo that the Mavs fans are dealing with right now. Yeah. It's bad. It's brutal.


We also had, I I'm gonna assume we're taping this in the afternoon. I'm gonna assume LeBron has hit his 50th thousand point congrat 50,000 points. Congrats LeBron. He, he was one shy the other night. I think everyone probably bet that he was gonna score 18 points. That didn't work out. I thought he was gonna have an empty netter at the end. Yeah. 50 thousand's. Pretty insane. Yeah, it's, I know he is been in the center of all the, who's the face of the league controversy, which isn't really controversy, but it is pretty nuts. We're not in the number one LeBron podcast, but I also know how incredible he is been and two decades plus of being at the top of the NBA is insane when you think about it.


I'm pretty clear on LeBron. He's, he can be very frustrating and, and funny sometimes. Very funny. He, he can be unintentionally hilarious. He's one of, if not the best basketball player of all time. He's done a great job in terms of being in the public eye since he was, what, 16 years old? Yes. And not having any major scandals, not having anything like derail his career. That's hard to do. Yep. I don't, I don't know how he's done it, but he's done a great job of it. I think you could actually make the case that LeBron James, he is top two basketball player of all time. Yep. He might be a better dad than basketball player. He Could be. Could be the Fact that he got his son drafted. Yeah. That's facts. He might actually be one of the best dads that it's like him and God.


Yeah. I guess depending on which testament God you're looking at. Probably The, it is funny because the, the drafted thing, we didn't talk about that on Sunday when we were talking about the face of the league stuff. It is funny to throw that in there, that LeBron like was like, yeah, brownie's better than like a lot of guys in the NBA right now and doing that and then being like, media don't be mean to, to me. Yeah. But he deserves credit. 50,000 points is insane. Hank, would you like to give him credit? That's an insane amount of points. Yeah. Credit where? Credit's due. Steroids. Oh. Oh wow. Oh wow. That was mean. That was ugly. Hank, You might get sued. That was Ugly. I, that was, that wasn't related. We're Just Oh, you're Just credit where credit's due, period. Also steroids are illegal. Separate sentences. Yeah.


Don't do them. Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha. Okay. That's a good sentence. We, We were doing one minute of, of pro LeBron talk. I and I gave him credit where it was due credit where credit Period. 50,000 points. Remember for the punishment you were gonna try to get his point total. Yeah. That would've Sucked. Would've been crazy. Do you guys think you've ever done 50,000 of anything in your life? Mm. Bets You think you probably, you've made 50,000 bets. I don't know. Maybe Sunflower seeds, you think? Yeah. All those years playing baseball for you. Yeah. Let me think about this. How many Sunflowers did you think are in, are in a bag max? That's actually a genius answer. Yep. Yeah. How many are in a bag? 300.


Piss. Piss for sure. I think I might have had 50,000 piss. I might've done 50,000 bets. I don't know. It's probably in like the, the multiple thousands a year. Yeah. I don't, I just don't know if I've done anything 50,000 times. Piss. That's e No, I was gonna say eat ice cream. Probably not. That's a lot of ice cream. 50,000 meals. 50,000 meals sounds right. Let's See. So 900 to a thousand, let's say a thousand meals a year. Yeah. Nope. No more. No less a thousand. Yes. We not still So that's 40,000 meals. Golf shots. No.


Yes. No. Think about how many you take just randomly on the simulator. I've only been playing for five years. If I played my whole life then Yeah. But like, what, 110 around? What about meatballs? No. Max meatballs. Nah, there's 50. So many. Yeah. You gotta have something small. Yeah, I, I've probably played 50,000 notes on the guitar. I've Taken 50,000 steps. Yeah. 50,000 steps. There you go. Yeah. That's huge. I've not thought about Michael Sam 50,000 times. That's also Huge. I'm Probably leading all time record for that. Yeah. 50,000 minutes podcasted. Yes. We have to have hit that. Yeah. But minutes is different. It's like minutes spent doing something as opposed to doing the actual task.


We couldn't save 50,000 pods. Also. Is our 500 show coming up soon? Yeah, I think so. I think It's this one. I think it might be this one. Huge. Huge. Alright. So, and then the NFL Saquon got a new contract. Zoom worked. Yeah. Are running backs overvalued in the NFL now because they might be, I don't think I'd ever pay a running back. I don't know what was the, what was the deals of his term? The terms of his deal? It Was two years. 41 million I believe. Okay. That's pretty Good. It it put it over 20 million. No running back has ever been paid that much. I think there's what at least a dozen, maybe two dozen receivers who make that much money. Good for him. But good for him, happy for Saquon. He Deserves it.


Again, it goes back to like him and and Derrick Henry. They are worth that much money. Yeah. To be a piece on a good team. Yes. Agreed. Agreed. But they're not worth that much money. Like if you're a bad team, paying them that much Doesn't make sense. Yes. But it is better to pay him that much money than it is to pay a quarterback who's not very good a lot of money. Correct. A Daniel Jones, if you Would. Hypothetically Max, what do you think about that? Also, you cut Darius Sleigh And James Bradbury getting rid Of All your, all your secondary James Bradberry, I don't think was active for a single game this year. Okay. Super Bowl champion. Super Bowl champion though. He gets a ring and he was a good vet in the locker room. Apparently he did all the right things. He was never upset about it. So shout out James Bradbury.


But Saquon deserved it. I also think how he's doing, there's, there's, there's gotta be some cap reasoning. He's Up to something. Yeah. How he cooking Restructuring? He, I think, I think that that had, that had to have been part of it. How He Had a great quote, how he's always, how he just moves money back all the time. So I think somehow he probably restructured it, that he's getting more money. Miles. Garrett with the extension Miles. Garrett, I, I, there's bad pod podcasting. I stopped my sentence midway just so I could do the, the fingers. Yeah. So Max, we were getting to a little debate over the weekend and on, on Monday's show about how I was maybe overreacting to the commanders getting Miles Garrett. But now it's more even between the Eagles and the Commanders.


Now actually the Browns have retaken the lead on that. The Browns had always had the lead. When I, when we, I always knew I was saying other than the Browns. Okay. Other than the Browns. Yeah. Okay. 'cause I looked at that. I still, he's probably just gonna stay with the Browns. The Browns are probably gonna be like Miles Garrett's the best player in the league. We're not giving him up. Yeah. But no, I contract. Listen, Howie's always cooking something. He's Got something cooking and that's It. It must be fun to be an Eagles fan because you get to see any possible free agent or any possible trade and be like, that sounds seems like a Howie deal. Yeah. Howie's working the phones, the Only two tags we ended up getting, 'cause the deadline has passed is T Higgins and Trey Smith. And so t Higgins, the Bengals release that they tagged him and they were working on a new long-term deal.


I actually think the Bengals might be able to pay every Everyone. Do you think so? I Don't know. I would sure. So If he figure it out, you could just pay everyone. If he doesn't get a new deal and he goes into the second year in a row on the franchise tag, which is, you know, it's still a lot of money, but it's still bullshit. It's not guaranteed. There's nothing in the future. I guess this one year is guaranteed, but there's nothing past that. What's the over under for amount of weeks that he plays before he has an injury that they can't figure out how severe it is? Can it be negative? Would you put it at half a week? You think he Played well, I'm saying Yeah. Can it be, can b training camp? Can it be, Yeah. Does he play week one preseason or does he have a calf injury? The Franchise tag is kind of bullshit for a guy like T Higgins where it's like, dude just, I don't know.


Figure it out. I know it's a lot of money. What is it? What's it gonna end up being? Probably, I have no idea what's In the twenties. Yeah, I would say prob maybe even in the 30. No, probably not the thirties wide receiver franchise tag. Let's figure this out. Franchise tag price. Either way he wants his guaranteed money deserves it. I, I agree. 21. 22,000. Pretty much. 22 million. That Was for last year. Okay. So it might Million million. 22 million. Sorry. It it, it'll be interesting though because if they sign Jamar Chase to a new deal, that would also Impact, that's like giving him a raise. Yeah. Yeah. Be like, Hey, don't worry, we'll get you on the back end. That's cool. I wonder if Jamar Chase thought about that when he was negotiating. Like, I need, I need more money in the first year.


Yeah. Because that makes T's franchise tag worth more. I'm sure T Higgins would be totally thrilled with that explanation. Yeah. Like, Hey, we're paying Jamar chase this much money, but guess what it actually means that you get another half a million dollars. Yeah. He'd be like, great. Fuck you. There's One other thing that Howie did, max. I dunno if you saw that quote, his quote about winning Super Bowls. I, I did not see This. It's pretty good. He said the first one is almost like having sex for the first time. You're just so happy you had sex. It's not even the quality of it the second time. It's like, I can almost have fun and enjoy this. Mm. I like that. I need him to have more sex though. He's only had sex. I want him, I want him to like, We're on the bonk list.


Is that a bon? Yeah. You want Harry Rose? I Think that I want Howie wrote. Yeah, you want him. It's a but it's a metaphor. No, that's supporting the boys. Yeah. You want your boys to get laid. Correct. Imagine losing your virginity to Nick Foles. That would hurt. That would be bad. That would hurt you. You probably Bad. He probably didn't even enjoy that Super Bowl at all. That would hurt a lot. Probably couldn't walk for a week afterwards. Yeah, that would not be good. But yeah. How he's up to something. He's up to something. So are we officially in the nont tampering zone of free agency? Yeah. Fuck it. Yeah. Let's just say fuck It. Fuck it. It's, let's start tampering. Tamper away. Also, Devonte Adams got released. Yes. So he will probably cot attend whatever job interview that Aaron Rogers goes on.


Like in stepbrothers. Yeah. That's probably ski vacation. Yeah, That's exactly what they're gonna do. You think he'd wanna play in Las Vegas? I can't see him. The Raiders uniform Six days away from, from Six days from the Nont tampering start tampering NFL's legal tampering. Period. AK free agency is one week away. You know what I hereby declare legal tampering open. Yep. I will not, I will look the other way. If anyone wants to tamper right now. Yeah. Do you think AJ Brown's gonna stay at Philadelphia Eagle Max? Oh, Is that a question? I, the, this is going off of the Patriots reached out to see if AJ Brown was available. Well good thing we, we released the tampering period.


Yeah. Did they reach out to the, to Howie or did they reach out to aj? I Don't know. This is, I saw an aggregator tweet about this. Ah. Which seems like a big Nothing. Yeah. Did you get aggregated Hank? No. The Patriots want him Aggregated. Every team should want AJ Brown. He's really good. Good. Yeah. But they don't have his former coach as their new head coach traded Him Away. Mm. Oh, memes just threw in. Traded him away. That wasn't him. He was the coach. Then There's video of him in the war room. Hey, he's done his research. Hank's come with the research. You didn't expect that memes, He was traded away under Mike Abel's tenure, Didn't it? Ah, that's Not really, he's not the one that decided To trade. Do you think that Mike Vrabel wanted to trade AJ Brown?


Yeah. Probably. Probably fucking hates him. Oh. I don't think that's what happened. So Then why would they call the Eagles to see if he's available? You got aggregated. Oh. Oh, Aggregated assault. Wait, So they didn't, you're saying the Patriots didn't call the Eagles? No. That's a heavy accusation to lay on someone else to tell 'em they got aggregated. Got aggregated. That's fucked up. Memes would never get aggregated. Never Ever memes. Where's Devonte Adams gonna go And are you sad When we say San Francisco? What Was your favorite Devonte Adams highlight. Was it when he popped out behind Aaron Rogers on the McAfee Show? That Was cool. Oh, he had one. He Had a good, I like his tackle that he made against the Steeler. Oh, that's good. Good receiver was making tackles. He had one great release too. Did you see that?


Release The Texans? I think it was against the T. He did a little sidestep at the line of scrimmage. Broke a guy's ankles. Yeah, Bob. That Was cool. I think it was like an 11 yard gain. So, No, I'm thinking of a touchdown. So overall, Devonte Adams as a jet graded Gonna go C minus. Oh, Okay. That's not bad. Wow. That's very generous. He Was he the he wasn't the most disappointing, missing piece. No, he he was electric. He was incredible. He gave that speech that fired up the team that Aaron Roger said was life changing. The Life changing speech. Yeah. The life changing speech changed everyone's life. That's exactly right. Okay. Do we have anything else going on in the world of sports?


Sam Donald will not be franchise tagged. Yes. So Situations Fluid. Fluid. It's very fluid. He, I guess he could go back to Minnesota at this point. Yeah. Or he could be a giant. He could be a giant. That would be very funny. Yeah. I just, I love whenever a situation is fluid. Yeah. I think he's gonna be a raider. You think so's? I think he, He's gonna be a Raider. I don't know where that put. I think Aaron Rogers is gonna be a giant. Monte Adams gonna be a giant as Well. I think. I would like to see Sam back in New York. Mm. Back back in the New York groove. Back. Back in new, back in New York. Groove The New York groove. Okay. You wanna do Hot Seat? Cool.


Terone? Sure. We got two great interviews coming up. Very, very fun interviews.


Hot Seat. Cool. Terone is brought to you by our friends at Body Armor. This episode is brought to you by Body Armor. Flash IV Body Armor. Flash IV is packed with electrolytes and provides faster and longer lasting hydration with no artificial flavors, sweeteners, or dyes with great tasting flavors like strawberry kiwi and tropical punch Body armor. Flash IV gives your body the rehydration it needs to recover. Get yours or local seven 11 or on Amazon today. We love body armor. Flash IVs are great, especially weekend. Saturday morning, wake up, pound of flash iv feel good rehydrate. Also, body armor bottles are the best because they're big bottles with the big wide mouth. And I like those more than any other bottle out there.


Hank, My Hot Seat is not really a Hot Seat. It's more of a hat tip around the horn. ESPN announced today that they will host their final episode Friday, May 23rd. Oh, okay. And that made me, made me a little sad. Nosalgic. Yeah. Odds of May PTI run the horn every single day after school. It's just sad. Times are changing. It is sad. Yeah. It is sad. Woody Page must have run outta shit to put on his blackboard. That's the only excuse I could think. Why are they, why are they getting rid of it? Is there a reason ratings or is it just run this course? Nothing. Don't know. No follow up. I I, I think they announced that they were gonna get rid of it a while ago, but now they have a date Got it.


That they put on it. So, I mean, you can't get rid of a sports program like that during football season. No, but late May. Yeah. Yeah. Just let it go out. I, Yeah. People won't, they're not gonna realize it's gone until August and then they'll be like, wait, I need to hear people scream at each other. Yeah. Around the horn. PTI back in like the early two thousands was that was peak. Peak Pt. PTI is still good by The way. Oh, PTI is still great. I'm just saying like, that was when it was. 'cause PTI was very new and refreshing Yeah. When it started. And those guys are still awesome together. But I'm just saying like, that stretch where it was just, especially 'cause it was before smartphone, so it was your sports news came from those two.


Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's what made the early round the horns so great too, was the, the panelists that they'd have on, they had those relationships and they would get like pissed off at each other. They'd yell at each other. Right. And it was great. And they, they figured out Marti, they figured out. Yeah. Mariotti was the goat. Yeah. They figured out a way to, to make talking to each other about sports. A sport. Yeah. Yeah. And The point system that made no sense. Yeah. And Tony reality seems like one of like the best dudes ever. Yeah. Seems like a, a solid Guy. I feel like no one's ever said a bad word about Tony Real. No. And this program won't either. No. Yeah, Yeah. Tony Real and, and TJ Levin. I feel like they were like, kind of like related. They, they always looked the same to me and they were really iconic hosts of the early two thousands.


We Gotta go visit our friend tj. I know. Yeah. I love tj. Alright. Can't you see them like, they're like, they're like cousins. Yeah, I can see what you're saying. And then my cool throne is embracing bait. Mm. We didn't talk about this. Travis Hunter at the combine said that him playing offense defense, it's harder than Shhe playing offense defense. Oh, Okay. Embrace. Oh, I would And I think He's right. Wait, but Like what he does Well No. On the football field No. Is harder than, than Pitching and hitting playing offense. Defense. Every baseball player does that. No. Yeah, no. Obviously. Right, right. Being a professional pitcher and a, like being a professional cornerback and a professional wide receiver at the same time playing in the same game.


I Feel like that would, it would be a better comparison if Travis Hunter was a cornerback and a quarterback. Yeah. I think show Hay still clears that. Why? Well, we've seen it. We've seen It's a more specialized position And We've seen There's so much crossover between Like Yeah, but hitting is not a specialized position. No, but I'm saying there's a, there's a lot of crossover between if you're playing corner, if you're playing wide receiver, there's a lot of the same skills that you would use for both of those. Shhe as a pitcher and then as a hitter. It's completely different. I stick, I don't dunno about that. There's A lot of pitchers that can hit and there's a lot of That can pitch, but he's not like, no, no, no. He's the bests. Not a lot of, there's not a lot of pitchers that can hit like Shhe can hit.


Yeah. And there's not a, a lot of hitters that can pitch like Dontrell Willis, no One can. Carlos Zambrano. No one Big Z could hit. This is not, this is bad. No, no one can pitch. No pitcher has been able to pitch and hit the way Shhe hits and no hitter has been able to hit and pitch the way Shhe pitches. And no person has successfully, I guess he hasn't done it yet. They Have, there have been other guys That have successfully played both snaps all game. Well you haven't seen it in the NFL. Yeah. In the NFL. Maybe not, but like Sonny Ball. But you can't say this until he does it in the NFL deal. Like some of these guys could do both. I think so. Ball led the league in touchdown passes interceptions and punting in his season.


I mean, Troy Brown played like gentleman played both and not success. I guess it, it will see after the season if he's successfully able to Do both. But I think what Shhe is doing is still like one of the most insane things. It is crazy. Yes. And I love Travis Hunter. We'll see if he can do it. Show Husband. That's a fucking good. Good point. God dammit. Goddammit, you're on your game today. Ah, I mean I have no, I have no response To that. Travis Hunter doesn't have any, any gambling scandal connections to him. Travis Hunter doesn't have MLB World Series. He doesn't have a World Series ring. Yeah, but show, I mean, shhe didn't even play. He only played one, one Position. But can Shhe go live on Twitch? Probably not. Mm, I don't think. Well, yeah, I don't think so.


Could he pull like Travis Pulls? He got, he got us with the, he got us with the Heisman. Yeah, that's good. Talked us up. Bad embrace debate. Yeah's how it's done. This Is why we debate. This is why is how it's done. That was Supreme debate. Hank Point. Hank Travis Hunter More impressive than JohE Tommy. Well, yeah, I will say that. He has to hit people. Yeah. On both sides. I'll, I I will, I will start agree And show doesn't even play the field. I'll start agreeing with, he just hits. I'll start agreeing with what you're saying if, how hard can that be? Travis Hunter is able to do this in the pros because that will be insane. And I don't, I think he'll have packages on offense, but I don't think any team's gonna let him play that many snaps in the pros.


I feel like that's what he said. Wouldn't he know? I think he's gonna try. He made the switch to Colorado. It's like all, all its different now. You know, D one major conference, But that's just double the chance of getting injured. I think he's gonna try to do, I still don't think you under, like he would have to be the best corner and the best receiver in the league. Yeah. I'm sure he is not the best pitcher, but he's up there. He's up there, he's up there, he is up there. Be He's the best hit in the, the league. Be and he would have to be a, He'd have to be the best wide receiver and a top five, top 10 cornerback would be the comparable. He would be an all pro and if, if, if MLB had all pro like the NFL does, he would be an all pro in both. Correct. If he stayed healthy and played both. Oh, that's a Good point. Why are you putting that on him?


He's Got, because he didn't, he didn't. He did not. He did not. And he Likehe even has incorrect, but show Max, but Shhe eventually will just go, we will just be hitting eventually. Yeah. Mean We'll see how much more you can pitch. I hope he can keep pitching Hank kind of bodied us. Well Also counterpoint though, Hank, this is one thing I learned watching around the horn. You have to say the hardest thing to do in sports is hitting a baseball. I also don't think Hank actually believes what he's arguing. He just wants to be the other other side of the argument. Which is a good, which is a good role to have. No, I don't Think you actually believe we are in, I think, I think there's, there's a a better chance of a another shohet coming around than another Travis Hunter.


So No, that's wrong. Wrong, right, wrong. That's not right that that's not right. So wrong. That's Not Right. More physically demanding. That's just not right. Well, you just said what Do you Right. That's more physically demanding what You just said's not just not right. Yeah. Hank, who else has done it at Shhe level ever? Babe Ruth. And, and a hundred years ago when they didn't let black People play. It's been a hundred years since, Well, they didn't have the DH and the NL till like two years ago. So what's they had in The al Yeah. He's not on the a LT. What, Where was it? Two years ago ago. What is that? Oh, okay. Now Hank's losing. Now Hank's losing. Go Back to the Heisman. Yeah. Oh, How many picks does he have?


It's a good debate. That was good fucking debate. You agree? Yes. Embrace the debate. Yeah. We, We leave, we get outside the white lines. We're friends again. Yep. Inside the white lines we're enemies. I still think Hank won though. Yeah. I mean the Heisman thing just Crippled. Yeah. He, he got off to a, a hot start. We couldn't catch up. I went that, that brought me to my knees. Yeah. Alright. PFT My Hot Seat is the Houston Rodeo. I think it was a Houston rodeo. Okay. It was a rodeo that was happening right outside NRG stadium or they were loading in for the rodeo to take place at NRG stadium and a bull got out and ran away. I think it might still be on the loose. Right now we got a runaway bull in Houston. And according to the Texas Livestock Committee, they have a name for it when a bull escapes and gets out in the wild.


Okay. Is it just, oh shit. No it's not. Oh shit. Okay. It's called a Johnny Football. Oh. So they, we have a a currently happening Johnny Football. We need to get the choppers in the air and, and chase this thing down. But this thing is just steamrolling people on the sidewalks of Houston. It's pretty great. Like there's a guy wearing a neon vest that steps in front to try to stop it and the bull's just like, no, I'm not, I don't care about your neon vest. I'm gonna like, he's like blowing a whistle at it. Bull doesn't care. Bull just goes through. Anyways, it's cool video to watch and it's rodeo season. That is cool. My other Hot Seat is, I'm just gonna say it. Blake's on my Hot Seat right now. Oh. Blake got putting time out at daycare again today. This has happened a couple times. He's grabbing dogs by the collar and walking them around.


I love That alpha. I don't like that. I don't like that behavior from him. He's taken other dogs For a while as as the fun uncles. We love that, that yeah. This is, no, this is fun. Uncle. Encouragement, behavior, love. We're gonna have to have a talk when I get home on because he can't be doing this shit. I'm on your side. I'm on your side. And why Max, what do you know about owning a dog? The dog. Dog life is tough. Max just said dog life is Max said reality just hit him that he, he, he got a dog. It's cute. And then you gotta, you gotta train the dog and live with the dog. There's A lot that goes into it. Yeah. And Think about the dog. I love my dog. It's been, I've been, I've been single dog parent this week and I, and it's just sucks. Oh no. I've just been going back and forth from the office. Oh no. And honestly it has me on edge.


I'm yelling at everybody today. Oh No. I'm yelling at Everybody today. A whole dog just to yourself. Yeah. That's a lot of responsibility. Oh, my Dogs are, dogs are harder, harder than kids. Yep. Yep. I agree. Max Preach max than There. I've been doing It. What if you have three and when you have three kids and a dog, But then the dog, The kids can some take care each other. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's right. That's right. The dog helps to raise the Kid. The dog definitely gets in line when the kids show up. So Stops being a dog. I, I get a call like once every, I, I'd say three weeks from his daycare. And when I see a popup on my phone, I'm like, oh fuck, what do you do? Just the same as you would if you got a call from your kid's school being like, oh shit, he's in trouble right now.


So I got the call pick up. They're like, yeah, he's been, he's been walking other dogs around. They're not liking it. But he won't stop doing it. And he, we can't think of anything to do to make him stop. There's one thing that I've learned that I can do to make Blake stop doing whatever it is he's doing. And he like freezes and looks at me like, oh fuck, I'm in big trouble. And if it, if I make this sound, it's, ooh, that sound, he fucking hates that sound. I couldn't figure out, not A cream pie guy. I Couldn't, I couldn't figure out why. Then it dawned on me. The only other time I've seen him gimme that look is when he was laying on the couch one time and I farted on him. Ah. And he, he stood up and he stared at me. He was like, what the fuck was that, bro? That's it. I think he thinks that I'm farting every time I make that sound at him.


So I'm just gonna have to go home and either fart on him or just make that noise. Damn. He's in trouble though, Blake. If you're listening, I still love you very much. I think I'd still rather get a call. You in fucking trouble, dude. About Stella than one of my kids At school. No, he max. He doesn't get it. You Don't get it. You don't get it. You don't get it. One's a human. Yeah. But Humans can understand. Humans can talk, they can understand words. Humans, you Can just go to your son and he's gonna stop. So he'll probably laugh when school calls me and I'm like, my, my immediate thought is something really bad happened to my human. Yeah. When I get a call, I'm like, oh, something really bad happened to my dog. Yeah. And it's pretty bad. Yeah. I'm still pissed at Hank for the ani thing.


I'm, He bought it in in supreme debate. What are you gonna Say? No. Yeah, I've been yelling. Ah, I just gotta stop yelling at People. Yeah, you're just, you're literally mad. You have to go eat tonight dinner a Couple times. Oh, you would be in tears right now. Oh, You'd be cry. You would've been crying for a week. No, bring it up. Oh, I'd have do challenge. I'd probably do 50 to my own. Oh, alright. My Hot Seat, my cool Throne. Oh, Sorry. You the cool throne. Sorry. Yeah. My cool throne. Pete Rose. Ah, Because Pete Rose might get reinstated into baseball. Oh, now he is dead. But Rob Manford is considering allowing him to be reinstated and therefore maybe putting him in the hall of fame. He Got pardoned. He got pardoned. And then I think Pete, a quote from Pete came out from before he died that said, after I die, they'll reinstate me at that point.


Which I, it makes, it was a lifetime ban. Right. The operative word being life. Right. He's no longer a life. Right. He's dead. So the band should have already been lifted. I, yeah, it would make sense. I mean, from everything I've heard from the Pete Rose, I always thought he should have been in the Hall of Fame. But it did feel like Pete Rose never had actual remorse for anything. He did. Never at all. Never. He just like incrementally apologized For more and more things, but also said more lies about what he didn't do. I think Someone told a story once that like, he, they had, he had a big meeting with I think it was either Selig or Manfred, basically trying to like show contrition and then he just walked across the street and went right to the sports book. Yeah.


And it was just like, all Right. No, he doesn't care. He he did not, he the man liked to gamble. Yeah. Alright. My Hot Seat is UPFT. Do we think that the hit show tar knocks the the naming of it Yeah. Has maybe ended hard knocks at UNC. The Tar knocks curse. It. It was, it was one, it was, I think you dropped it on Sunday and then on Tuesday they're like, yeah, we're not doing it. I think Somebody from HBO listened to the show and was like, everyone's gonna be calling it tar knots. Yeah. Can't I? I think So too. We can't have this. Yeah. Agree. It Was a good name. It was a good name, but it's, it's no longer. So what happened there? I don't know. Bill Belichick struggles with commitment. Yeah.


But Bob Dco is back. He's on the staff love Bob Dco. So are they gonna try to get a, a professional team to do it? Or are they gonna just try to find another college team? Hard knocks. You can do the PMT. Yeah. You're welcome to do it. Pardon? Knocks for the right price. Pardon? Knocks. Yeah. Pardon. Knocks doesn't the NFL like have to do it? That's What I always thought. I always thought so too. I think they just demand, I think They have to do the regular hard knocks, but to do the off season hard knocks since it's like a new thing, they might just be like, no, fuck you. We don't wanna do that. Yeah. Alright. My other Hot Seat is, are we good with no one asks For more hard, I mean, in seasons one's not bad in season one, I liked the, the training camp one or the OTAI don't care, but the, the, the in season I actually enjoy just because it's, it's one of those stupid tricks you play on your brain.


It's like seeing yourself on a jumbo tron and you're like, oh, I'm right there. I'm right here. When you watch in season hard knocks and you are watching it and you say, oh, I remember watching that game. Yeah. That was cool. Are you watching it with somebody that isn't a big football fan and you're like, I know what's gonna happen after this. Yeah. Right. They're setting you up for something. Yeah. It's pretty cool to watch. Also, my Hot Seat. Are, are we, are we good with Canada or? No, I'm good with Canada. I'm good with Canada. It seems like they just, they put a retaliatory tariff on us. Oh. We're in a tariff off. We're in a tariff off. And I'm hearing that it might get resolved tomorrow. Okay. So Shortest war ever. I don't want to hate Canada. No, I like Canada. I Had no beef with Canada. I got no beef with the Canadian people.


Yeah. Alright. My cool throne is the Bon list because ask and you shall receive. Our guy PMT Stats, who does a great job, has updated the Bon list. So I I'm sure he'll send it to you. Memes. But so far the standings through this year, our PFT was, i it was a competition. Well, I mean that was how it started. Mm. Yeah. I, I think I was just, I'm pretty sure I just started it. No, we started it because we had a debate of who's Hornier? I said Big Cat was Hornier. He said I Was horny and I was like PF t's hornier. Yeah. He makes more sex jokes. And then the, then we started the Bon List. PFT. You are in the lead right now with five. Well, Who is So PMT stats.


I appreciate all met. Great dude. I appreciate all the work that he does, but how are we, he's just going based on what he thinks is a horny comment. You, Well probably when we say Bon list. Okay. All Right. Yeah. I'm in second at four. Hank, you have two max memes, both Asexual zero. Alright. Also Darryl Morrie's on the bonk list because there was, Kesha had an Instagram where it was just her butt was out and he liked it. And it's just kind of a funny thing to What Post is that? Hold on, I bookmarked It. Okay. Yeah. Show it. I'll send it to you. I see it. It's just a funny visual. I like Kesha. I love Kesha. She has bangers. It's just a funny visual of just seeing Kesher with her butt out. And then Darryl Morey liked by Good job Darrel.


I like, I like that Darryl. He's getting, he's getting horny with it. Okay. I'm Have to look this up in bookmark too. Yeah, But don't bonk 'em. That was just research Max memes. Do you guys have anything to say about being asexual? I gotta step my game up. Yeah. Sorry. I respect women. Do you? Yep. Sounds like you don't. Yeah. Sounds like you don't. Sounds like you. No. You guys look at them as sexual Objects. No. No. I, I'd say outta those five I'm gonna shut up. I'm gonna guess that two Still so mad That two of them have just been Joe Storm bases last Year. Yeah. Listen, It doesn't have to play the field. How can you respecting women so much to say that they're attractive and you wanna have sex with them.


That's the ultimate respect. No. Okay. Me Max is literally just looking up more stats. Yeah. Is it disrespectful to women to, I'm looking to, to go on their Instagram and say, I like this picture that you took and you uploaded. Yeah. I'm appreciating their work. Is it disrespectful to, to go on Twitter and see a woman post something and say, I would pay a million dollars just for you to fart in a cup for me. No, that's just respecting their work. Come on. Max. Is it disrespectful to say, AJ Titties I would drink your bath water. Or is it supporting small business? Is it Disrespectful to say who's back of the week? Casey Anthony.


Or you just really like murderers, Right? Who'd said that You Did? Well she's back. She is back And I am fascinated with her, The murdering part. I'm fascinated with her as a liar. Okay. She is like, what a top five liar of all time. Casey Anthony looks like Susan Boyle. Do you care? No, I, and the thing is, I don't know who Susan Boyle is. It's the, the Am American Idol British Scott Talent. Talent, British. I was gonna say American Scott talent. Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean even if, if Casey Anthony looked like almost anybody besides Ca, Casey, Anthony would not Care. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Max, why don't you start respecting women a little bit more?


I very much respect women. Doesn't sound like it. You're still Yeah. You got another show. Hey, stat for us? You're deep into stats right now. I can see your, your Face. Yeah. I mean he finished fourth and s Young one year. Damn. But wow. Wow. What, what is, is that In the al What does that mean? Wow. Now I want, I want to defend Darryl Morrie real quick here. That was the Heisman. He all right. Did they invite four people to the Heisman to New York? The Heisman. The Heisman is college. I know, but I'm just talking awards. Yeah. Show. He does not have one. He has two MVPs Does not have a Heisman. But on this post he might have just been liking the caption 'cause the caption was Fuck Kanye.


Oh, love to two chains. Oh, Okay. So that might be it. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, let's get to our interviews. We got Liam Cohen and then we have Brady Ka Chuck Captain America.


Were brought to you by our friends. That truly, truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light party hard with 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. Comes in four fresh flavors. Tropical twist, berry blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. We just had the truly People in for a little photo shoot that's coming out. So we love truly it's gonna be, we're gonna get unruly this summer with truly so truly unruly 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing.


We're also brought to you by Stella Blue. Still Blues Coffee Mug Mania Contest is going on right now. Don't miss your chance to design Ella Blue Coffee's next bestselling coffee mug. Submit your original mug design by March 9th for a chance to walk away with a grand prize of 2,500. And to have your mug featured, onella blue coffee.com, visit tel blue coffee.com to learn more today and use promo code PMT for 20% off your orders. Or $25 of $25. Or find still blue coffee on Amazon for next day delivery. Great purpose through great coffee. Again. We're giving away $2,500 to the best mug creator And we're gonna feature your mug. So go check it out right now. Still blue coffee.com. Great coffee, great cause. And you can win $2,500 if you design an awesome mug. So it's super easy to set up and design your mug and use that code PMT for 20% off orders of 20, do $5 or more. Great purpose through great coffee.


Okay, here he is, Jacksonville Jaguar's, head coach. Liam Cone. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. It is Jacksonville Jaguar's, head coach Liam Cohn. First of all, coach, thank you for joining us. We're at the combine. How does it feel, just right off the rip, are you getting used to the fact that you're being introduced as a head coach now? Yeah, It's a dream man. Dream come true. Obviously grew up in this deal. Right. Watched my dad do it at a really young age. Grew up in sidelines, in in coaches' offices, in locker rooms. And I always wanted to be him. You know, I wanted to be him and to be able to do it on this stage with this opportunity. Can't, can't thank shahan enough for this.


So, so I read a story about you growing up that like, even when you were five years old, you weren't playing with like Ninja Turtles. You were drawing up plays. Yeah. Is that, is that like a tall tale or is that actually what it was when you were a kid, you were just drawing up, you know, the wishbone offense that Was, that was, that was real. I think that was probably, you know, dad pushing, you know, pushing that narrative in ways. But it, it was our passion. Like that was our shared bond. It, it, it was football, it was sports, it was basketball, it was baseball, it was all sports. You know, that's been life. Yeah. You know, at a very young age. And unfortunately for my wife, I don't have a lot of other tools in life, but football is something that ultimately I've done for a really long time.


Yeah. Do you, do you use any of those plays that you drew up in Year five? Do the Wing TA lot of the Wing t principles that we used in a lot of our 21 pony stuff stuff with the two back and the gap schemes and some of the GT stuff we did with the Misdirection. Yeah. It was, it, it it was really a process from the Wing T, which is what I ran and what my dad ran back in the day. So when you were playing, 'cause you played college ball, was there a moment even when you were playing college ball, you're like, I know I'm not gonna be playing anymore, but I'm gonna be a coach. Was that like, what, when did that happen? Like my senior year, I had a pretty, my elbow was shot. I was getting shot up every Wednesday to practice and Saturday to play. And so knew that was falling off the cliff was falling off too many curve balls as a, you know, 10-year-old and it just wasn't going in that direction.


I went and trained and Matt and Aggie actually was training me at, at the time in Le Lancaster, pa and I just knew it wasn't really gonna be in the future. So had an opportunity to go to Brown really early on. Mark Whipple actually helped kind of get me that job and knew from a very young age I think that this was what I wanted to do if I couldn't play. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like Brown and and Holy Cross are two schools where like coaches know that's a great coaching school. Yes. What makes a great coaching school Man. Maine too, I would say a lot of, a lot of good coaches from that area, like that Northeast you go with the Atlantic old Atlantic 10, which became the CAA. Yeah. And in the Ivy League you just, you can get opportunities because, well you're, you're paying nothing at a young age.


You can go in and you wear a lot of different hats. So I was like the video coordinator at, in 2010, I'm the video coordinator quarterbacks coach, recruited like 10 states and you get an opportunity to develop as a coach. But you know, you, I've met guys that have come into the NFL and not knowing how to make a copy. Right. Yeah. So you've gotta be able to learn and, and, and give the ops. Yeah. And I think that that's what some of those kind of programs do. They give you an op to really kind of dive into it. Yeah. Interesting. So at what point, talk me through the sha, your Sean McVay coaching tree. Yeah. There's, his coaching tree is pretty insane. There was a joke, you know, that if you had a cup of coffee with Sean McVay, you're gonna be a head coach.


Yeah. So you, you got the benefit of that, but how did you get introduced to Sean McVay and like, I, I would assume we know him, you know, fairly well, but like impressing him to the point it feels like he's got a pretty discerning eye in terms of who he's bringing into his group. Right. How were you able to like get into Hi the Sean McVay like house? Yeah. So it was after the first year in 2017, Matt Lale ends up going to the Tennessee Titans to go call it Zach Taylor gets promoted from assistant receivers coach to quarterbacks, he doesn't name an offensive coordinator. Couple guys were on that staff. Shane Waldron was on that staff. Couple guys that I knew, I knew Zach a little bit when he was at Cincinnati. We had ended up, I was at Maine.


We played Yukon. Had a little bit of a familiarity there, so knew a couple guys in the building. But ultimately, I, I, I, it was a blind op. Like it was really, it was a blind op. I mean, Shane, I knew a little bit, but it was a blind op. Those guys that I kind of were in the interview process against, had connections to Sean. Right. I had no connection to him. Came in, I was the offensive coordinator at Maine, and then a quick stop at Holy Cross that I didn't even get to coach at, go in interview for the assistant receiver's job. And he's got me on the board doing, you know, protections. He was drawing up an Abbey front, which we talk about the split mug. It's the Zimmer stuff with the Double A gap mug stuff. And he's like, Hey man, how are you picking up nickel mike pressure out of this look?


And I'm up on the board like, wait, I'm interviewing for the assistant receiver's job. Right. And you got me talking protections. Right? And I had never seen that, that look. And he is like, I'm I, I turned to him. I said, I don't know what this is. He's like, man, don't worry about it. It's new in the league. We're just trying to ask a bunch of people and figure it out. So it, it was an honest kind of opportunity. Yeah. And I felt like I ended up going and winning the job. When you, When you go for that interview, do you have like one play in your back pocket? You were like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna fucking knock his socks off with this one. Yeah. What is it? It was, it was a, it was a play action concept with basically a Max Pro play action that I knew that they had run a few times with Deshaun Jackson when he was in Washington.


It was like a deep V cut pylon route we call it, which is like an 18 yard, stick your foot in the ground, go to the back on, and then he would use Reed on the sale concept and be able to chase it with it, with a Max Pro Play Pass. I drew that one up. We had used it at Main, and then really on third down we drew up, my favorite drop back concept was what we call pressure drive, which is an old, you know, old school West coast concept that he had run for a long time. And, but the detail, right. It was like detailing that play I think was cool to, to be able to talk through. Because you know, when you get off the board and he's not really hitting you on a ton of different coaching points, you feel like at least you nailed it.


Right. Do you have a a, an overall coaching philosophy? Yeah. Fast. That is what we talk about fast. You know, fundamentally sound attacking situational masters and tough Yeah. Both mentally and physically. So yeah, that's where it starts. That's where it stems. I think that the, the mentally and physically tough part though, is the one that we, we really want to talk about, right? We go into Tampa this past year, they have the 32nd ranked run game in the NFL in the last two seasons. And, And we go and, you know, bring it to number four this past season. So it was buy-in, it, it was all about toughness, physicality, the way that we wanted to play the game. Our style of play. I mean, dude, Mike Evans is digging out support on safeties. He, he doesn't have to do that stuff, right?


And so we got 'em to that point. There was immediate buy-in. I think that that's where it all kind of stemmed from. Wait, run through that acronym again? Fast. Okay. Yep. Fundamentally sound attacking Already, already. Not a great acronym if you have to use two words, but keep going. Fundamental attacking. Yep. Situational masters again. What Do you mean, fam? This is situational. This Is bad. This is Bad. Situational toughness. Whatcha Talking master? Is that one word or two? It's two. It's two words. Okay. Situational Fam. Yeah. Alright. Som situational masters. How do I Achieve situational mastery? Dude, there's a lot of tape that we can go back and watch. Yeah. I mean, we watch Super Bowls, two minute drives, four minute drives, clock management situations from, we try to show 'em the good and the bad.


Right? But from previous years, like Belichick had this book, coach Belichick had a book. We thought it was like the Bible that you have. And it's been kind of passed along through a lot of different people. And he's got specific games, situations when things came up to where you can go back and look at those situations still come up today. Yeah. We Have a situational book. Do you really? Yeah. You wanna ask him about the book? Our Book? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. We can ask him about the book. What, what's the t though? Tough. Okay, so you kind of recovered at the end, but yeah, you gotta work on that. You can't come on a acronym. Can't have multiple words in each one. Like that's, I mean, I mean, it, it was pretty clean or Situational. Oh, maybe would've been better.


Fundamental Situational masters. I forgot A already. Yeah. Attacking Dad. Attacking, attacking. Fundamental. No, it's not fundamental. It's fundamental. There's two words, right? What's f fast fa fast. Fundamentally sound attacking, fundamentally Sound attacking Situational. Masters. Situational. Masters and Tough. Tough. Okay. D So the fast D pretty Easy, but also the fastest is also the, I think Ask Baker. I think he'll probably say it was pretty good. I listen, that was, I think those guys all bought in pretty quick. Wait, who? Baker? Oh, the entire Tampa Bay office. Yeah. Baker's a dog. Yeah, Baker's dog. Wait, so let's, Well no gonna say if you brought up Baker, I just wanted to see like, do you feel bad making Baker have to meet another offensive coordinator?


Bad. I don't feel, you know, it's not bad. It's, it's unfortunate. Yeah. In ways because of the competitor, because of the person that he is. You know, we got really close, obviously we worked together in LA Yeah. For those last kinda like five or six weeks. He was paramount, you know, kind of in, in my evolution to coming to Tampa, like getting there. So yeah, you, you definitely feel, you feel unfortunate for the situation because of the type of dude that he is. But he's in a place where he's continuing to ascend. Like he's just doing this right now. He's got a ton of confidence. He's at a place where a lot of people love him and believe in him. And I think that's only gonna continue.


Did you Ever text him back? Oh, Yeah. What do you mean? Because He said that you, he was left on red. No, Dude. Okay. All good. Good. We good because We love, we saw each other in person. Okay. All right. So which situation? Well, I, I was was thinking too, the Book that we use for everybody Yeah. Is, it's pretty simple math. Yeah. It's end of game situation. You wanna ask the, the which one, two point, one point. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So you score. So let's say there's five minutes left, you're down 14, you score a touchdown. Are you going for two or Gotta go for two? Alright. That's smart. That's smart. Just so you know what you're gonna deal with. Alright. Moving forward. Alright, that's good. You know that, here's another one. Hot shot. You're, it's fourth and goal on the eight and you're down eight and you're going up against the greatest quarterback of all time.


Do you kick a field goal to go down five or do you go for it to try to score a touchdown and tie the game? Gotta go for it. Yeah, you gotta go for it. You kick that field goal. Cool. Who's on the other side? It's The, It is actually the best quarterback in the history of the NFL. It's, it's the Tampa Bay Bucks and the NFC championship game against Matt Wolf four In the Packers. You're gonna have to use that op. You're down there, you're Down there. You gotta, You're gonna have to use that op. You Gotta, But you can also kick three field goals. Yeah. It's, you're down there and, and you're an opportunity to go score a touchdown. You're that close. Yeah. We all know how hard it's to score in the red zone in this league. Yeah. So when you're down there, you gotta, you gotta have your op, I mean, yeah, I think you gotta be aggressive there.


I, I Feel like over the last 10 years, especially coaches have started to realize that it's smart. It's actually the, the correct thing to do to go four and fourth down more often. But is that a change that you noticed as you started coaching or Yeah. The second you got into the coaching gig, it was like, that was already the thought that was bubbling. Its way up to the NFL 2018. Sean Seattle. We're in Seattle, we're up, we're up one in Seattle. We're on like the minus 40 and we're playing Russell Wilson at the time was, they were rolling And we were in a back and forth game. We, they hadn't stopped us. We really hadn't stopped them. And we take a time out, it's fourth in one and Sean goes around the, the whole headsets.


What do we want to do? You know, sneak it or pun it. Obviously give those guys the ball back again. Every single dude on the headset said, pun it, everybody. He goes to Wade Phillips, he waves like, man, we haven't stopped him once. Go for it. And we went for it. Sneaked it, won it game over. Yeah. If we didn't, it was, could have been catastrophic. They're gonna go five yards basically to go, you know, kick the game winning field goal. But it was like that aggressive mentality there that believing in the guys and have an understanding of like, you haven't stopped them yet. Yeah. So that's not probably gonna stop at that point. That may not change. It may, but play the odds. Yeah. Alright. So enough of the niceties. Let's get to the real business here.


Why you're here, Duval. Let's just break it down. 'cause we're actually the perfect people for, to fix what happened there. Yeah. What was going through your head? I have, I have a theory that it actually wasn't the, the way you said Duval, it was your eyebrows. Is That right? You Did two eyebrow raises, which is unheard of. Yeah. I've never seen it before. So interesting. That was the part where it's kind a family off the rails. Yeah. Like it was going okay. Yeah. And then you raise the other eyebrow. It was like, this guy's a freak. Yeah. So what was going through your head? No, it was just a cadence, right? We all, I'm a quarterback by nature. I'm using my Cadence. I like that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And hey, at the end of the day, you have to adapt to different cadences.


That was my cadence at the time. And now, hey, I'm gonna learn from these guys and be able to do it a better job next time. How, how does it work with the PR team when you finish the, the press conference and you walk off and you're like, I, I nailed that. And then someone's like, sir, the Duval thing is going viral. I mean, Dan, I just go back to Dan Campbell talking about biting kneecap, right? Yeah, Yeah. Point. That's, we actually made that point on your behalf. It's like, listen, listen. You can, you can judge on a, we, our job is to judge on first impressions for sure. That is our job. But there's, you know, if you just judge fully on first impressions, everyone thought Dan Campbell was a meathead. Yeah. I think And like, he never win. Yeah. I think kind of a message for, for, you know, shy Khan and what we're trying to do is be bold and be different. Yeah.


And I've never, you know, this past season in Tampa was my most truest authentic self for the first time. I wasn't trying to be Sean, I wasn't trying to be Kevin O'Connell. I wasn't trying to be Zach Taylor. I was trying, I was just being myself. And yeah, that was my cadence that day. Didn't, obviously wasn't too loved. But I think these guys, once we start winning games, It made an impression. Do you want to give another shot without the double eyebrow? I'm good. Come on. Just give us a Duval, but just regular Duval. There we go. That's better. That was good. That Was better. Was better. And I think, I think you're smart. How Easy is that? I think you're smart to hold off on it. Wait until after your first win. That's, and then maybe you hit, comes down hit ball and you hit it with a wink too at the Same time. There you go. Just, it's the eyebrow I got. Just keep The other eyebrow down.


Keep it down like the rock does the one eyebrow and everyone loves it. There you go. You. So it's my, we actually having this conversation in Tampa two weeks ago. My son, 3-year-old son just did it. Okay. My I can do it. My dad does it. It's just kind of a thing. It's not probably the coolest thing, but it's a thing. Yeah. The eyebrows work. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. We do. I I think we also, I don't know how much you know about the storied history of the Jacksonville Jaguars, but we have a couple things that we'd just like to inform you about so that you know, you know what you're getting into and, and you have to learn the history of, of where you're working for. Sure. Are you familiar with the kid that got his head stuck in the Jaguar statue? No. Oh my god. See, you need to familiarize yourself with this. What do you mean? We've Actually had him on the show. We Had him, we interviewed him.


He was pumped up one day. He was I think eight years old at the time. You, there's a giant St. Jaguar statue outside the facility. Yep. He stuck his head in it. There was a little bit of blood. They call the fire department. They had, it was a whole scene. I think they had to solve one of the Jaguar's teeth. And there, there was a theory that you, that the Jaguars were cursed because of this. What year was this? This was like in the late nineties, I wanna say early two thousands. 95, 96. Did he have any like, issues moving forward? Is that all Right? Well, so we, we, so we were in California last year And we were doing a bar event. And this guy comes up to me, he's like, you don't know who I am, but I'm very important to you. I was like, what? And then he was like, I'm the kid who got my head stuck in the Jaguar statue. So he, we had him on the show And we, we kind of closed the book.


So is he You're welcome for that. I think that, think that's He's fine now. Yeah. You guys are good. He's good. Do you know how familiar are you with Blake Bortles? Just his game? I Mean LA We were together. Yeah. Yeah. Did you reach out to him? Oh yeah. When you took job and you're like, Hey, just tapping in, making sure, you know, I'm letting you know I'm in town now. Blake. Absolute best. Yeah, he is the best. I mean, we would, he took us to golf at Calabasas when he was living out there. He lives right around the corner from the ca from the golf course out there. We went and played a few times. I mean, he's the boat's, the Stud's a free, free idea for you. I know that he's welcome in the Jaguars family, but maybe excommunicate him so then you can bring him back and everyone's like, holy shit. He did it. He brought the boat back. He brought the boat man that it would, and Blake would do it.


Would he probably would've even find out he was excommunicated. Yeah. He's all in on that, on that. Just be like, you're back. He actually gave us my realtor. Oh really? Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean he's, he's The best. He's the best. Yeah. Absolute best. Maybe you do Blake Bortles night. Oh. And then any fan that that shaves Blake Bortles haircut into their head top. They get, yeah, they get, they get free, free tickets to the game. He's, I mean, Blake Bortles lookalike contest my bedroom Tonight. He was so, he gave me a completely different perspective on the quarterback position when he came to la Yeah. You know, I mean, Jared was young, still growing and still just that kind of little, the mentality, the little bit of the, Hey, screw it. Yeah. You gonna go let it rip and go play. This is who I am. This is how I play. He's like, dude, I'm like, Chuck Knob block. Yeah. Like my, my throat.


Like he would kill himself. Yeah. He was like so self-deprecating. Yeah. Yeah. But it was good's the best, it was in a good way. He's the best, you know, that's actually a good word in our profession. Yeah. Yeah. Have you had a chance to sit down with Trevor Lawrence yet? Yeah. So what was that? I, I assume that you had probably met him before, but as coach, what was that first mean greet about like, Hey, I'm gonna unlock you. Yeah. I watched him play as actually a freshman in high school. Like it was random. I was there recruiting a different player on his team. He was in a playoff game against Beaufort High School in Georgia. And he went and let it like ripped it. He was getting smashed in the face, just k kept getting up, making plays. And so when I got got with him, you know, a couple weeks ago, he was just, you felt a dude that just wants to go take it to the next level. Like he, he's mentally and physically tough.


He's been able to go through a lot of stuff and he's been through a ton of change and all he wants to do is be great. Like he really does. He just wants to go be coached, go pour into this thing. And I think he's primed to go do that. Yeah. He's going through a ton of like, ton of change right now, obviously. Yeah. Had the injuries, a new father, new coaching staff for the third time now. Right? Yeah. Ton of humility. But like, he's got a feeling where he is like, man, I need to kind of play to my potential. I haven't reached it yet. And And that's cool to see. Yeah. Also in Jacksonville history, are you familiar with the pool? Mm. The pool and the stadium. Yeah. Very important. You Have, you have a swimming pool in your stadium that might, it might be the only NFL team, but pool swim Dude.


We played there, played there in Clemson. We played Clemson, Kentucky in the bowl game. I didn't even see this thing. Yeah. Seriously. We swam in it with Doug Marone. The Clean. Yeah, it's Clean. We, yeah, very clean. We were wearing jeans. Yeah. Yeah. You went full clothed? No, Just jeans. Oh. As one does in Florida. Just Like you were With Coach Marone then. Yeah, he went in with us. Did. It was awesome. That's awesome. Just Spit ball in here. I feel like maybe you should ban the pool until you guys have a winning record. Yeah. Maybe have it like a little carrot, you know, no one in the pool. Yeah. And then when people get in the pool, it's like, look, we did it. Open Up the pool. Open up the pool. It's like a family. Yeah. I gotcha. I can respect that. Listen, The pool is great. We love the pool. Yeah. If things are going bad, the pool gets mocked.


Could, could be a little bit. 'cause it'll be like, you know, the Jags are down 20 and then there's like four dudes in the pool standing in the pool. In the pool. Yeah. And you're like, oh man, this is Sad. So I can see that. Yeah. So yeah. Maybe only, only on, only when the jags are up, you pull Out in the pool. Or how about this? How about you, you know that dye that you grew up hearing about that's in the pool where if you pee pee. Yeah. I Don't think that exists. That actually be A phenomenal idea. You Put it, you put that in the pool until you start winning and then you take the guy Out. So you start to shame people. Yeah. You can shame people for peeing in it. Yeah. Right off The bat. I respect that. I got a question about your time in LA that I still don't understand. What does it mean when you're the non play calling oc? Yeah. Do you just sit there the whole time being like, man, I wish I could call a play.


No, it's more, you're, you're in a support role. Okay. Right. Like you are the, the head obviously he's got a ton of responsibilities with offense, defense, special teams, personnel, a lot of stuff. So you're, you're really the rhythm of the weak. You're trying to help create the clean rhythm. Right. Make sure everybody's staying on task, getting their stuff done, getting the scripts done, defensive scripts, cards. You're essentially organizing throughout the entire week. And then as he gets caught up and gets into the more of the roots of the game plan, then he can start to dive into like how he wants to attack, how does he want to call the game? So is it, is it difficult? Yeah. I probably underestimated that going from calling plays in Kentucky to going to that role in LA after they won a Super Bowl.


Probably underestimated that for me. Yeah. But you know what you're getting into, you know that you're gonna go support a dude that's a complete stud and does things the right way, treats people the right way and is super infectious. So like that's what you're going to be a part of and you kind of know what you're getting into. Yeah. Would you ever get in trouble for, I dunno, calling too many shots or something when you're an offensive coordinator and you're in practice going up against the defense Yeah. And the head coach has to like dial dial you back and say, Hey, we're both trying to learn here. Yeah. Well let's practice for both sides. No, We've, we've kind of had those, some of those conversations this past year in Tampa when we're trying to get the run game going. Right. Todd's so multiple Coach Bowles is so multiple on defense where you're saying, Hey Todd, we might have to have a couple periods where we're just static here where we can just go block people that are staying put.


Yeah. So we can get good at blocking a double and a b and a single and a deuce. If we don't get those blocks in practice, how are we supposed to get good at 'em in the game? And the guys that can really adapt and see it from both lenses. Those are the probably, you know, usually the most successful ones. Yeah. Is Is Todd Bulls addicted to blitzing? Dude, it's, it was like, I felt like it was just a barrage Yeah. In training camp. But you don't know where it's coming from. Yeah. You really don't. He, he's so multiple that way. I've never seen somebody in the second half of games adjusting 10 minutes. And we all know what, what halftime adjustments got. Like you're getting the stuff you hadn't called in the first half or things that are working.


How do you now dress it up to go do it differently? Todd Bulls had an, an ability in second half of games to take what they were doing and almost be like, we're gonna do this and completely shut people down. I had never really seen that before. He ran the entire show. It was pretty cool to see. Yeah. What do you say to the haters that say Mike Evans getting that a thousand yards was cheap? Dude, I know the, that was an one of the coolest moments I've ever been, ever been a part of. Man. What do you mean? I think at the time I, I liked it for Mike Evans lot. I I give him all the credit in the world. I didn't like it from the Saints because it was like, you're, you're supposed to hate the Bucks. Right. Why they weren't letting, why let him do that? They didn't let it happen.


You don't think so? Not at all. So what happened on that play? We got 'em open and he made a play. Okay. Like that. That's confidence dude. You sure? We ran the same exact play in the Red Zone. The prior play when Bucky Baker flips it to Bucky. We had had that play called, but Baker checked out of it 'cause he thought he was getting zero blitz. So he checked out of that exact play. We ran something else. It wasn't open. Mike wasn't open. He ends up scrambling, flipping it to Bucky. Bucky just kind of innately gets in the end zone and everybody's like, oh my God. Yeah. What did we just do? Yeah. You know, we just ruined this for him. And so when we got the ball back, we went back to that same play that we wanted to call down there and obviously didn't check out of it. They weren't letting that happen, bro.


You don't think it was okay? Not at all. I asked their coaches, I've talked to their coaches. There was no shot. They were letting that happen. Well then I, I will retract my, my take on the Saints. Yeah. It was the coolest moment. It was never anti box. 'cause Mike Evans is a stud and he's been a stud and he gets all see The reaction of those plays, man, It was awesome. It was the coolest moment Yeah. Of the year. Hands down. Do you wanna say anything to people who maybe drafted Rashad White too early in the fantasy draft than you were like, no, Bucky Irving's just gonna get all the Touches. No, man, I gained such a different respect for Rashad after, after this year when you go through it and see what he brings from a past protection standpoint, there's probably not a lot of backs in the NFL better than him. And that goes so unnoticed and he can still do it in terms of making people miss in the screen game.


No, Bucky's just a dog. Yeah. Like that dude is in the building at 5:00 AM every single day hanging out with Tom Moore. Yeah. 87-year-old Tom Moore and Bucky Irving, one of the youngest players on our roster hung out every single morning. Yeah. Like dude's a stud. Alright, we're gonna do something very awkward. I just so you know, we have your side. Yes. We're defending you. The weirdest guy we got in our company's the diehard Bucks fan. Stephen Sha over there. His blog was posted. New Jaguar's head coach Liam Cohen is the biggest snake in football today. Brutal. Now brutal. I I told Steven he can ask you a question. Yeah. But he has to do something first. Okay. Steven, can I ask one question real quick?


No, you have to say the thing I said first. He also called you a a ladder climber, which I think that's every coach ever is trying to get a new job Yeah. And get a better job. Sounds It sounds like you wanted to be a head coach one day. Yeah. Yeah. Respect. And we defended you. 'cause it's like Yeah. If someone offers you this and then the other offers that Yeah. Like to change your life and your family's life. Right. Steven, what would you like to say first about yourself? About myself? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I have a lot of questions. No, But you, you and you can't ask Coach Cohen a question until you admit to something. Sure. I mean, my feelings were hurt when you left. So we Had this like, long debate in our gambling team in our office and the whole time I was like, dude, your feelings are hurt.


He's like, no they're not. I was like, yes they are. Yeah. And you were, your feelings were hurt. Yeah. I mean, I have a lot of questions for you. Number one, how dare you Dude, go Ahead. Yeah, I mean it was a, it was a rough, we, we come off the, and you, you were a hot name in the head coaching circles and you were asked about it. I think towards the end of the re I, I'll steer brass conference every week. Very great. Very informative. And I was a card carrying member. I was a conehead. Yeah, for sure. That's cool. But I Appreciate that. I love what you did with the, with the backfield, the run game, the 21 pony stuff. Yeah. Like integrating Rashad is, you know, the best pass blocking, running back in the game. Yes. And then Bucky was great, but then Yeah.


That week, you know, we get a very salty loss to p fts commanders at home. Which that's, that was brilliant. You know, in my mind we win that game. I think we're gonna beat the Eagles. Yeah. If we don't it was we Yeah. We played really well against em the first time too. So do you Have a question? That was frustrating. Yeah. Is there a question? You're just talking about your feelings? No, I Appreciate it. I appreciate what he's saying. But yeah, I mean, if you could go back in time, how does that week change? Because you interview there Monday and then Tuesday It was, I interviewed on Zoom Wednesday. Okay. And I never got in person. Okay. Never was able to kind of get in person until after I ended up going there.


Yes. After that, yes. But ultimately it came down to new information. New information became available. That's called Money Steven. Nah. And you know, and like when you're gonna buy a house and you figure out like it's either not as good or, or or better than you thought. And some of the people that ultimately have kind of helped me throughout this journey, you've said like at the end of the day you're allowed to change your mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's like kind of life That's, You said that at the time It's the, it was the most gut-wrenching, you know, week in my life. It was. That's genuine. Like some, you sound like a lot of my, my boys that lived in my neighborhood that are were diehard fans.


Like they were pissed at me. Feelings hurt. Yeah. Yeah. Like they were pissed. Yeah. But they're cool now. We're good. Yeah. And you know, at the end of the day with, with the guys, the boys and they're FaceTiming me from The Bahamas all excited and I just go hug Todd Bowles and those guys like, it's all good. Yeah. It's all good. It's, It's opportunity. Well it's okay that you have feelings. Like we all have feelings changed. Yeah, sure. Respect learned The process. I do. He's a fan. He's, Do you know that you're about to receive like a real big dish of revenge though? Preseason week? Yeah. I mean, we're gonna whip your ass in in mid August. Oh Wait, preseason week. What? It's, it's not out yet. Oh, okay. We play the Jaguar every August. Yeah. We we're, he hasn't circled. Yeah, I gotcha. He, he was like, they're Gonna to get li Con's gonna to get I respect that.


Get all of our raps in the preseason And we don't play him until 27. So all Our, all of our threes are gonna go play Play their, He's got his surf. You Better hope that's not week two. Yeah. Seriously. Because Todd Bowls is coming two. Yeah, he's, we gotta put a countdown clock in the office for you. Rival Preseason Game At the end of the day, man, it's entertainment, right? I mean, as much as it is, it's, I grew up a Patriots fan. Die hard. Die hard. So I get it man. I understand. So since you grew up a Patriots fan was Miles Jack down in the a FC championship game. Jaguar's Pats dude. Yeah. You think he was down? I watched that game. Live Boat was, I mean he was dealing, they were running em all really well.


Yeah. No dude, he, he it that shouldn't have been called down. I'm all ja. I'm going Jag. Good answer. Jack. Should have been the Super Bowl. Have to, there's loyalties now. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. I know you gotta run. So


Rollback question R-H-O-B-C k.com Pro promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code. Take last question.


Steven, do you have one final question? I Do. So I mean, again, When he, the, the best thing that happened was he got his feelings so hurt that we had to go the total opposite side and defend you to the death. I appreciate That man. Like his 'cause he's so annoying. Yeah. That we're like, this is such a bad opinion, we're just gonna go the other way. So he actually helped you out. Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate that man. Well, Fandom it was week of and you Know, Before you, I have a question for you. Would you rather have your job or would you have a better job and $10 million? I I don't think there is better job than this job. What About if the Bucks wanted to hire you? I head Coach. I Know.


Liar. If the, if the wanted to hire The offered you $10 million tomorrow, I would be hurting the team. Okay. That's A, You know, that's an honest opinion. That's A good answer. That's a really good answer, dude. That was a great deflection. Okay. Okay. Fair. That was a phenomenal deflection. Fair. It was. So I'm representing the, the Bucks community here. I'm not gonna go, you know what happened? Sure. What happened has happened. But talk to the Bucks fans about Grizz. Josh Grard dude who's the new OC who is in control of over oversaw third Downs. I've known Griz for a while, man. Like, met him here. I met him here, I don't know, five, six years ago. He's, he's like a, he's a Yale dude, but he is, he's a bro. I mean, he's a guy that he connects with so many different dudes.


Like he can connect. He's smart. He's so smart. He dialed up all of our third downs. He did so much of the red zone, all the pass game. He can see it from an all 11 perspective, both in the run and the pass. He, he's gonna be a really good force. He, he will for you guys. He will. I promise you that. And I do have one Jags question if I could. Okay. Yeah. James Gladstone. Yeah. Gm. He's 34. Yeah, that's very You're 39. Yeah. You guys changing the game. How old was Theo Epstein when he took it? A Red Sox job? He's Pretty young. 28. Doesn't Matter. Sean McVay won a Super Bowl when he was pretty young. Doesn't matter. Yeah, no, what's cool is like he grew up on the sidelines. His dad was a coach.


He grew up like on sidelines in the locker room. It was like same. So we share that vision. Right. And I think that's kind of what's cool about it is like, we're coaches kids, we have a chip on our soul. We wanna prove it. Like we want to go do it. And it, we've learned from pretty darn good people and now it's an opportunity to go do it. Yeah. Love it. Well good job Che. Thank you. So yeah, good job Chey. Hopefully we can close this book. Yes, yes. All appreciate it. Although preseasons still back on. We like the shoes too. Yeah. Preseason both Jordan guys Is back on. Yeah. So thank you Coach for joining us. Just so you know, you legally just got at least 10 weeks of losing football where we'll still defend you.


That's the Nathaniel Hackett rule that we have implemented. So hopefully that doesn't happen. Yeah. Hopefully you just hit the ground running. What if you forget how to get timeouts on Monday, football week one, we'll say, we'll just pretend it didn't happen. This guy time. Yeah. Come on the show. We give you a little grace period. So, but hopefully you hit the ground running and hopefully you kick the fucking shit out of the bucks in the preseason. Oh man. We're gonna run Up on you. Great. I'm not game of the year that seriously. We're gonna do a watch party for That's gonna like point at me. You this rip me off. Dude, I appreciate it. Well, thank you so much. Best of luck this season. Thanks guys.


Li Cohen is brought to you by our great friends over at Chevy. Chevy trucks. The Silverado, the best truck in the world. It is the fullback of trucks and Chevy has packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. You can have yourself a fryer a Saturday and Sunday with a truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips, DIY projects. You name it, bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. And recently they helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Lowman Award. The Silverado Trail Boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 foot pounds of torque. Hold onto your sodas Max plus the Trail boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado brings the grit, then pairs it all with the latest truck tech inside and out. The result is a truck that can do it all then show up on, on Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the the Chevy Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together let's drive.


Liam Cone was also brought to you by Reese's Reese Peanut butter cups are the perfect combo of chocolate and peanut butter. You can buy Reese's Cups pretty much anywhere they're the goat. I think I screwed up at the Super Bowl, by the way, was meeting with some of the Reese's people and the first thing I said to them was, you guys probably don't need need to advertise because Reese's Peanut butter cups are that good. Everybody knows about 'em. Yep. They're the best. It is the best candy in the world. Best chocolate, best peanut butter. Reese's Peanut butter cups are a winning part of the game day experience. Eat Reese's peanut butter cups. Find your fandom. I like that. Call to action. Go out and eat a Reese's Peanut butter cup. I That's got the part of my take guarantee on it. You will not be disappointed. Have a Reese's.


And now here is American Hero Brady Kach. And now for something completely different. Okay. We now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. It is Captain America. Can I call you Captain America? Sure. I guess So. Okay. It's Captain America. It's Brady Chu from the Ottawa Senators. Yeah. You're Captain America now. I think it's official. I think you have to be Captain America. Is that okay? I'll take it. But I would love to know the reasoning. Well, I mean, you fight, you score goals. You, you, you put the team on your back for Four Nations. Let, lemme start with this. How weird was it playing for Team USA and then immediately going back to Ottawa and being like, all these people in this arena hated my guts for the last two weeks and now they're back to being fans of me.


It was weird. It was just a hole. I'm like, I just got booed in Montreal, which is expected, but then in Boston, like all like, they don't like Matthew and I in Boston. And to get cheered on and, and supported there, I was like, okay, this is pretty awesome. And come back actually missed the first two games in Ottawa, but I just would see Twitter. I'm like, it's so everybody would be like, it's so weird cheering against them. But yeah, I have to I'm sure for Canada and, but now it's nice to get them back on my side. Are they still booing the national anthem? They are, yeah. What The fuck? Well, I think you should just remind them like it was, you're an all star finalist. It was the All Star game. Yeah. It was an Allstar game. That's what we said. The second that we lost, we were just like, oh, we don't care about the Allstar Game.


Yeah, yeah. Gives a shit about that. That's exhibition. You agree? Right? Like that was just the Allstar break. I I don't know if I answer that. That, that, that term meant a lot. It is weird though because yeah, you mentioned it, but you and Austin Matthews especially, like you go to Boston and now all of a sudden that Boston crowd is cheering for you. Was that a little bit surreal to be in that arena and, and feel, I mean obviously you, you've played in Boston before, but to have them like support guys that they normally just boo the shit out of. Was that kind of strange? Yeah, it, it was really strange, honestly. It put a smile on my face, like I was trying to hide it. But when they're announcing the lineup for the final and I just heard the crowd, I was like, I felt really like patriotic and like, like representing the us and, and it was a pretty, pretty cool feeling that I was trying to be all serious, but it put a smile on my face.


Yeah. That's Awesome. Yeah. And I mean, the Olympics next year are gonna be incredible. You gotta be juiced up for that. Just off of this Four Nations. Oh, I'm, I can't wait. Yeah, it's gonna be, I think it was the perfect thing to set up for the Olympics and, and gaining all these hockey fans. And I know they're gonna do job, do a good job of building it up and hyping it up. But I really do know feel good about our team too, going into it. Yeah. You got a little mark on your face of that from Tom Wilson. That was, yeah. Little Tom Wilson knuckle next to him out there. Yeah. We got a fight. You gotta fight and score a Goal. Yeah. Respect. Like that was a good fight. Good scrap against Tom. He's, he's a big dude. We like, we like to ask all the NHL players that come on the show. Like what do you say to another guy when you're about to, how do you instigate the fight Last night?


I don't even think I got a word out. It was just more like a, a head nod and it just like, it was like one of those like connections. I don't know, it's hard to explain. Like, not many words like needed to be said. It was just like we both knew it was happening. Yeah. But like, usually I love That. Usually it's like, you want one and it's like, like that's like, or when you're really pissed off, you just, you just grab 'em. Yeah. But I we're, We're going like, yeah, like not even give 'em an option. But it was weird last night, I don't even think a word was said. It's just like, all right, we're going. I Love that. It's almost like a romance for hockey guys. Yeah. You just look each other in the eye and you know, it's on. Yeah. Time, time to lean into this. Yeah. I, I noticed that you had a nice little take down at the end. That's a good strategy to have. Like if you're in a fight, it's been going for a while. Train some heavy blows.


Just try to land on top of the other guy. And then it's almost like you won the fight. Yeah. Oh, For, no, this is usually the non hockey fans that, that see that they're like, oh, he won just 'cause he finished on top, but yeah. Oh no, he, he hit me with some good ones and no, he's, he's, he's a big boy. Did you wake up feeling it this morning? A little bit. You had to fly like late, late night. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah, I'm a little sore today, but good that we have a day off. Yeah. Did you, do you ever turn down fights? Are you, or people always like, because I, I would imagine there's some fights where you're like, I can't, like I'm gonna beat this guy up. Or if he gets like a lucky one, I'm gonna look like a loser. Like why would I fight this guy? Yeah, I, I think now I, I used to like, if somebody say something then like, would be automatic just 'cause I wanted to prove myself and all this, but now like wanna like go out there and help the team.


Yeah. And I'm at a point now where need to be out there and help the team, but last night we're down two nothing and, and try to create a spark for our team going into the second period. So things like that. And especially, you know, Tom, a guy who's, I don't think they win 2018 if it's not for him. So yeah, he's a, he's a unbelievable player. You guys, you guys are kind of similar in that you're both very, very skilled hockey players, but also very capable of handling yourselves in a fight that feels like a new type of player. Whereas back in the day it was mostly like you had, you have a goon and his job is to go out there. Like you Paul Binet in the world. Yeah, yeah. You're gonna step on the ice and you're gonna fight somebody, then you're gonna go waddle to the penalty box. Nice, nice. Stay at the office. But now it's like guys like you and Tom will are so valuable, but now that you're going into the playoff stretch where you have to be around, you have to like designate somebody else be like, I wanna fight this guy, but I can't, can you do that for me?


Yeah. Well I try not to, you know, do that especially to a teammate be like, Hey, like you, you're gonna have to fight this guy. If it happens that it's gotta be me, it's, it's, I'm fine with it and I'm not too worried about it. But you know what, fight fights don't happen as often anymore. Yeah. It's, it's just kind of going away. But I think it is still important to almost keep everything in check and have that accountability and responsibility that can't just go after the best players and, and not, you know, have to answer the bell. So I'm glad that hockey's still important, but just doesn't happen as often as it used to with, you know, with biz Nasty, you just going toe to toe with, with guys every single game so that, that just doesn't happen anymore.


You did say something there though, like firing up the boys. I do think that like, one, one thing that's happened in all of sports is analytics has kind of taken over numbers and the human element is no longer there as much. I love like a good old fashioned meatball take where it's like, oh, the, the coach has to get kicked out or a guy has to fight. Can you feel the momentum after a good fight being like, everyone kind of wakes up a little bit? I, I know for me, even I know for example when Matthew fought first, I've never felt like more fired up in my life that like, I was like, no matter what I'm, I'm going Yeah. Like I, like I have to, 'cause like I gotta like, I can't have this pent up like just like aggression and like, I'm like, I gotta, I gotta get this out somehow 'cause I was so fired up.


But yeah, no, I feel in fights like when it's somebody else, it's just, it gets me so fired up that I'm like, all right, here we go. Yeah, this is this. That's exactly what we needed. Is It a little weird that you can beat up your big Brother? Well all the, all the abuse I took as a kid. Yeah. I'm like, I'm, Because you were me before off camera that you could beat the fuck out of him. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'll say and And he'll see it and be like, yeah, he, He can. Oh, so he knows. Yeah. Oh he knows. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But he he's just so good at chirping that like he, he can definitely get under my skin though. That's where he's, he's got me like, I'll never catch up. Yeah. Yeah. You know What else gets the boys fired up? Freebird.


Have you grown to love that song? I still listen to it. I'm like, oh, just, it just brings me back to like how awesome it was. And even when we were like, after we listened to Dream on Yeah. Because it was like the end of miracle And we just wanted to implemented and yeah. Like that still fires me up and just like, I mean it was such a special awesome experience that, you know, I miss it, I miss playing, you know, with those guys. It was, it was so cool. But it definitely sets up for next year. Yeah, It does. Yeah. The, the Four Nations was, was awesome. I think it's going to generate a lot of interest in hockey, especially the, you know, as the playoffs get closer in the NHLI feel like the ratings should be up across the board for that. And now you're like, are you the face of hockey? I don't think so. There's so Not in America.


I mean, there's just so many guys like that. I mean, I don't know. I, I I don't think so. I think there's so many good players that know represent our league so well. Yeah. Yeah. What, tell me last year, so obviously your brother wins a Stanley Cup, but before that happens, your dad called out the entire Panthers team and basically called them all pussies. What was the group chat like with your dad and your brother after that? Like, 'cause you, he, he even said, he was like, I'd rather watch Brady and the Senators, they actually like play with grit and they're real men and the panthers are soft. Well, did that make you feel good? Would you, like what was the conversation after that? I actually love how you brought that up. 'cause he's considering himself to be GM of the year when that happened and he, he won them the cup.


Yeah, that's what he was like, I I just changed his team all around. Yeah, he did. But was it what, like, did you guys joke about it afterwards Because it, it was after we played them And we won and I think he was fired up. Matthews fired up and, and, but Matthew didn't know about it. And I think the next morning I think I just saw like a really dad, like, you just put me in a terrible spot because now guys in the meal room, he is like, is he talking about me? Yeah. Is he talking about, he's just like fuck, like Good old fashioned pit in the brothers against each other. Oh yeah. Yeah. So one's tough, one's Not, but I was like, I was loving it. I was like, that was, that was hilarious. And he just keeps that, he's like, I might give it to your team. Yeah, I know that that Guarantees a, a cup final and then a cup.


Like Yeah, go ahead and do it. That's the problem with it is, you know that someday he's gonna try to do, he's gonna play that again against you. Oh Yeah. Yeah. And then he is gonna hopefully win GM of the year again. Yeah. According To himself. I Think if he calls you, you gotta fight him. Have you ever fought your dad? No. No. I have, I have not. I was, I think he'd be too huff, too tough to handle with. If we put the boxing gloves on old Man man strength, He'd, he'd throw and he's got some powerful ones. Yeah. Yeah. So coming from a, a hockey family and your hockey family, your, your hockey tree extends like all across the NHL with all the guys that, that you're related to in various ways. But from that hockey family, were you told very early on the importance of, of the unwritten rules of hockey?


I don't know if we, the unwritten rules, Because I remember you enforced one last year empty netter. Oh yeah. The empty neter. After, after the, the clock expired. I think it was like two seconds afterwards they dumped it in and you were the first guy to be like, Hey, fuck you. You don't do that. Yeah. It's actually, yeah, because obviously we've, we lost and the siren went off, but I don't think he heard it 'cause the rink was buzzing and, and I was like, all right, perfect. Like this is gonna be like, I saw him put it, I'm like, all right, I'm going up and we'll see if like a lion brawl happens or something. Like, I don't know, something to like get everybody excited about. But was saying that earlier that year, a teammate of mine, I don't know if you saw this with the slap shot in the empty net.


Yeah. So it's kind of like, I got the, the opposite of it. 'cause I loved what he did. Yeah. The slap shot and unwritten rule. I'm like, oh, when it's on my side, like that's great, do it anytime. But when it's against us, I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna get that Fucking can't have It to me. Yeah. Yeah. So when you were growing up, was it always you were gonna be in the NHL? That was the the one thing that you knew It was, yeah, it was always hockey. I mean, I played other sports, loved playing other sports, but at the end of the day it was, it was always hockey. And honestly, I never thought the NHL was like a could be a reality until I was like 16, 17 where I was playing in Ann Arbor at the US National team for the U 17 U 18 year. And that's when, you know, more teams are coming around scouting and, and you know, guys are getting drafted before you and you're like, okay.


Like kind of in comparison like, where do I need to get at to get draft in? You know, I wanna go as high as possible. So started thinking about that when I got there and, and then it kind of became a re reality when I was, you know, 17 and gonna go to college and then get drafted from college. Yeah. Do was there, there was never a moment even when you were like, you know, 12 or 13 where like rebellious, like, I'm not playing in the NHL dad. Like, don't make me do this. I think I gave like, I think he would just shred me after one game. He's like, all right, I'm done playing hockey. Yeah. Right. Like I don't wanna like He to get yelled at. He's like, no, you're a chuck. That's what we do. And Then he just, and then my mom would be like, no, it's okay sweetie. You played great, You worked Hard. It's just, you know, your dad's tough on you 'cause he expects a lot outta you.


So, and then she'd always calm us down and be like, I'm gonna be playing roller hockey next. Yeah. So it was never really a hockey was, was never gonna be quit on. Yeah. Yeah. You were Never gonna be like, I kinda like to be an accountant. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what? I just wanna go to the business phone. I Just, lemme know Who's the funniest guy on your team? Thomas Shabbat. Okay. He's just nonstop Because I feel like every hockey locker room has like one of those guys who's just a total like electric personality and a glue guy. Is that, who, is that what he's, would that be Fair? He's never had a bad day in his life. He is such a positive just in everybody. He, it's everybody's getting it. Like he is not just picking a couple guys, it's, he sees somebody and somebody's getting it.


So Yeah. And Barston will hire him in a couple years. Yeah, Probably. And he's the biggest fan of you guys. Yeah. He's be so fired up. It's perfect. Yeah. Hockey guys for some, I mean, it's, I dunno what it is, but I, I feel like I've never met a hockey guy who wasn't like, funny in, in some way, you know what I mean? Whether it be dry humor or like outwardly funny. There's just, it feels like a hockey locker room is unlike any other sport. It's, it's the best part of the day. Yeah. Just go in there and just shooting the shit and just hanging out and, I mean, there's just nothing better. Alright. So Thomas, you gotta come on the show. They, They love the boys more than anything. Yeah. That's one thing. It's like, oh yeah. Always for the Boys. Always for the boys. Always For the boys. The dinners, the, the nights out. Just, they're hilarious. And they, they'll walk into a room and they'll see one guy and they'll be like, what's up boys?


What's Up? Everybody's Boys. Yeah. Boys Beauty. Yeah. Yeah. It's legend. Yeah, it's great. Is the, is the Vegas flu real? Have you been hit by the Vegas flu at any Point? This actually came up the other day. My dad, I feel like we're bringing him up a lot. Went to his analytic guys. 'cause he works scout in St. Louis. He's like, just do me a favor. Can you look up Brady and Matthew stats when they play Vegas in their own cities versus them in Vegas? It's not like we're going out and doing all this crazy stuff. Like, we're just, just hanging and chilling. Our stats in Vegas are absolutely awful. I think we, we've played there. I would love to see like 18 games, I think like, like combined.


Like I've, like, we both have like two goals and like one assist 18 games, but like, at home, like it's, it's a different story. But That should be illegal that your dad's using the analytics department of the Blues. Yeah. That there's no way. I think it was just a Yeah. A family thing. Yeah. But I don't want him getting in any trouble. But no, he, that, that's the, that's some of the stuff that he is like, you know what I'm, I've thought about it. You guys have played like shit in Vegas. I gotta see some stats. Yeah. Wait, so did he send you all the stats? Oh, he Sent to, to math and I group chat, just like, it was like a log chat of just like the, the caps in Vegas and back home. Oh, that's incredible. That's awesome. And you've got, you've got cameras following you around now, right? Yeah. Not every day they come, I think they've came twice and for the Amazon series, so.


Oh, nice. It's Been Really cool. It's, it's new, but I mean I grew up watching the 24 sevens and Yeah. Yeah. Seeing that and how cool that was. But it'd be cool to see them, you know, this ride and into Playoffs. Yeah. Do you do, are you able to say like, cut that, because we have cameras here all the time and it's just, it's some point, it's like, dude, I, I need to, I need a second without a camera in my face. Yeah, Well they're, they came I think in January, four days and then I saw 'em twice over for Nation. Like that's all we've filmed so far. So I'm hoping as this kind of playoff race picks up that it'll catch more of that and Yeah. And into playoffs.


Yeah. So I think there's gonna be some good footage. So you, you recently became a father, was it like nine months ago? Six months ago. He's five and a half. Oh Shit. I'm way Off. He's on my birthday. Oh fuck. Way off. Five and a half. Alright. So is he good at hockey yet? We're trying to, we, he's When Did he first get on skates? Oh, this is five and a half months. Five And a half months. Five and months. That's right. Half months. So I was, and half months I was like, holy shit. Did I fuck that up? No, Five and a half months. Five and a half months. Yeah. But we've, we've tried putting a hockey stick into, Yeah. So when, when does that happen? When is the first, like what, what actual age is like, alright, it's time for you to do the family business, get on the ice. I mean, we started skating at two, so we already have his hockey skates.


It was, it was a gift that somebody gave us. He's like, here's a, here's the skates when he is ready. But we got that all dialed in, so we'll have to see hopefully too. Is that when You started? Yeah, I think Matthew and I both started skating at two respectively, so I don't know. That'd be nice. That's Such a crazy thing because like you can barely walk When you're sitting. Yeah. Oh yeah. Just, just holding him along. Yeah. I'd be more than happy to do that. Well, 'cause I bought my son skates. He's, he's five and a half years old. Yeah. And I'm, I like bought him skates and I was like, I already missed, like he's already, there's no, I mean, not that he was ever gonna go to the NHL, but like he's already way behind. He's not playing hockey. Like it's way too late, late five and a half years old. A lot of guys have started skating later. It's just like, and they end up in the NHL, so.


Okay. Yeah. I don't think The, I don't, my son's not going to the NHL. No offense to that. No offense. How are we feeling about the team this year? I'm very confident in our team. I think just, we're a tough team to handle for seven game series, so we just gotta get there. But no, I think, no, all stars are kind of aligning for this year and just find a way to get in and I think we can do some damage. And This late this season, is it, is this the grind? Obviously you would get a nice little energy boost for the playoffs, but right now I feel like this is the time of year where everyone's banged up. It's been long. You barely gotta break at all. Or is, is this like a, a part of the year where you're just like, kind of just going day to day, gotta gotta get through this? It's definitely, I think it's more of a mental grind now of, I think November to to Four Nation Break was like the physical grind of just like every day just grinding away and kinda setting yourself up for this time of the year.


But I think it's mentally just, I think you can look at it, it's, it's a little stressful this time of the year and I think it's okay to, you know, be a little nervous and have the like nerves. I think it's a good thing and, and no, but I think it's, you know, playoffs for us kind of started now a couple games ago where every game's almost a must win. And just to get ourselves to April that, you know, we need to just kind of stick around every team around us is doing well just stick around and hopefully can rattle off a couple game win streak and, and put ourselves in a good spot. But no, it's a fun type of year and like I said, like this is my first experience at like, in this playoff race kind of feeling.


And, and it's been the best feeling to just grind it out every single Day. Yeah. Playoffs already started. That's, that's a good trick. Have You thought about what it would be like if you brought the Stanley Cup back to Canada? I think about it all the time. Yeah. It's made me think about it too much. But I feel like I have my whole, whole day planned when we win. Yeah. Yeah. It'd be Captain Canada at that point. Yeah. Wait, did you, did you celebrate with your brother when he had his day with the Cup? I, yes, I was, I went back to St. Louis for his day. He actually had it for a day and a half and it was really awesome to see what we were able to do with it. And I was there the night they won. Yeah. So I was kind of around it and, and just to see the, the happiness that it brought, It was motivation.


Oh, did you touch the cup? No. Alright. No. Good. Yeah. Did he try to trick you into Touching it? No, he was, he was, you know what he was, I didn't expect it. He was very respectful and just, I thought he'd for sure just be rubbing it my face. But he actually was, was very nice about it. Yeah. That's good. I I definitely would've tried to trick you into touch. Oh, 100%. Yeah. Hundred percent. I would've put it in your bed. Yeah. I would've given you some Ambien and then put it in your bed Next to you taking up pictures of you. Yeah. Looking at him touching the cup. I got a bone to pick with you. You said you were watching Miracle before some of the games. I feel like USA hockey we're not the underdogs like that anymore. You gotta start watching like Dream team 92 stuff and like have the perspective change of like, we're not the plucky underdogs.


We're, we're Team USA, we can win this thing. Yeah, no, you're right. I think it was more the, the patriotic feeling Okay. Of like, all right, we're like, like Mike Rugi came and talked to us right before the tournament started and just like to watch him Rob McClannahan and because those two guys came to our dinner and, And we were hearing stories of Mike and after the fact and how basically he left his hockey bag in Lake Placid never played again. And, and just to hear that he went from gold medal to yeah. Know what he's doing now and just an amazing life that he is given him and his family. But like, we've just had to watch it get that childhood. All right. Maybe for Olympics we do like Armageddon or like a Rocky movie.


Would Love that would be good. Would love that. Get you pumped up that way. Yeah. Rocky would be solid. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like, I like tricking yourself into thinking that you're underdogs though. That works a lot. Like the Patriots did that for years. Rub Belichick's, like nobody believes in you. Nick Saban does that or he did that at Alabama. He's like, nobody thinks you can win. It's like, well you have the number one recruitment class Everyone ever can win Football. Yeah. Everyone. Yeah. Just make put that chip on your shoulder. Oh yeah. And get it. Not specifically for Vegas, but is there any other place that you play that's just harder to score goals in? Like in, in college basketball. Some places are way harder to score in. Does that carry over to hockey at all? Oh yeah. Oh, it's a spot that I, I haven't scored is Chicago.


Oh. So Right here. Okay. So Maybe tonight. Yeah, tomorrow. Tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. It's tonight when people are listening to this. Yeah. Yeah. No. So we'll see. I haven't, I haven't scored here. And this is a tough building to score in. So What About the ice? In what, what rink has the worst ice? Also? Calgary's Ice, I feel like is so shiny. Is that? Yeah. Okay. It's, they, they have like three teams skate on it so their ice actually takes, takes a good beating. I mean, all those warm places, like they're, it gets Soupy. Yeah. Just like snowy, quick and soft. I never really realized it, but guys always tell me that. I'm just like, I'm, I'm just extra slow today. That's what I'm thinking. Right. Oh, I'm dragging a piano behind y'all game today. But probably like Tampa, like, probably just, it's hard.


Yeah. To Yeah. Keep the ice all dialed in when it's so beautiful and so warm there. Zamboni drivers in Canada are probably better. Oh yeah. They've probably been driving those things since they were kids. Oh Yeah. When they're not doing it, they're doing it to the outdoor rinks. Yeah. Yeah. Buzzing. We have a debate with Witt and he loses his debate every time we do it. But have you ever thought about not coming off the ice? If you're so good, just staying on the ice, playing the whole game. Like, Patrick Mahomes never takes off a Snap. I I couldn't do it cardio wise. I'd be okay. Even 30 seconds I'm tipping. I'm like, oh my God. I gotta, I gotta get off. I can't be doing that. What's So 30 seconds is when you're like, Oh yeah. On a good day. 30 seconds hard. I'm like, all right, I'm done.


Like, I gotta get off. But What, when you have a, like, what's the longest shift? Do you remember the longest shift Yet? I actually had like a three and a half minute shift one time. And how much did that fuck you up for a while? It, I, after the game I was exhausted. It was like the extra we had, I was the sixth man and I just, just refused to get off. 'cause I thought, I was like, all right, I'm gonna be the hero tonight did not happen. And it was a little too long of a shift that I, I got into some trouble the next day. Yeah. W gets mad at us whenever we do that debate because I wouldn't, I wouldn't step off the Ice. Yeah. I would never come off. I care that much about the game. Yeah. Like plays 44 minutes. Travis Hunter Plays 110 snaps a game. Yeah. Yeah. Which is very impressive. Right.


That's very impressive. Yeah. Heisman, you Just, I just don't think he could play like a full game. Like with the speed that it's at. LeBron probably could. Yeah. And he gained weight while he did it. What if he did what overtime should just be no shift changes. Yeah. Just so you can last. That was kinda last night. I was, I was out there for a minute and a half. I'm like, I might be out here for five minutes. Yeah. This, this is what might happen. And thank God I wasn't When tough. When does it officially, you said playoffs already started 'cause you guys are in the playoff race. When does it officially become like, we're putting all of our bodies in front of the pucks and don't care at all? 'cause I do love that shift in hockey when you get to actual playoffs and guys are like, fuck it, I'm selling out on everything.


I mean, it's, that day's definitely coming. Yeah. Like it's, it's coming very soon. And just Will that be a talk in the locker room being like, boys it's time. Yeah. It's like everyone, everyone's on the it like, do whatever you gotta do Eventually. Like it's gonna be like, this is game seven, right? Like this is like, and of course it's gonna be sometime this month, but like this, this is the game that we need to win and can't look past. Like can't look at the future games like right now. Like, we need this one. Yeah. That's gotta be a little bit of a pit in your stomach being like, fuck, I'm just gonna get like, buried with some pucks. Yeah. I'm just gonna run around and have 12 hits tonight. Yeah. Oh, When you get hit with a puck in between what, like the skate and down on your leg?


Is that the, is that the worst place to get hit? I don't block too many shots, but the ankle's tough. I think the right here, the Knee Knee, I've had that before. The, it just makes you feel like you broke your knee. Yeah. Like you just can't move. How in, in terms of, I feel like all goalies are psychos. How psycho is your goalie? Do you talk to him before the game at all? Yeah, he's very loose. Okay. Like he's very, like, I've, I, but I've had goalies where like, not a word, like he's just in his own world. You don't say a word to him, but he's, he's great in that aspect where it's just chill. He is like throwing the football around before the game and just, I think it's hilarious. He's got like the wide receiver gloves.


Like, it's like our strength guy throwing you the ball. He is, it's not too hard, But protect the paws at All times. But no, he, he is good, but once the game gets going, then he locks In. Yeah. 'cause goalies do. It feels like that that's one of the positions in sports where it's just true psychos like, you can't play this, you can't play that position unless you got a little bit of something wrong with You. Yeah. Like it's psychos and I think they could all say it's a little weird. Yeah. Like they're all like, some, some, not all weird, but like all have some different thing that they got going on. Yeah. Right. You're just getting peppered with a hundred mile an hour slap shots. And I've, I put the pads on every Christmas party, like for the kids, I put the goalie gear on. I think it's like the best thing in the world.


But then I'll have some of the guys shoot on me. I'm like, oh my. Like they hurt. Like You have all that padding, but it still hurts. Right. Right. But that's the most insane to me thing to me about hockey is until, what, maybe 50 years ago, 40 years ago, goalies didn't all wear masks. Yeah. That's crazy. How how insane is that? Yeah. Just Absolutely nuts. And even guys like, what, 20 years ago, like didn't wear helmets. I'm like, yeah, how are you playing this game with no helmets? Like I'm wearing a visor. And then you have Jamie, Ben Rhino Riley, who's do, like, they don't have a visor still. I'm like, how are you not worried about your eyes? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That is crazy. Although the flow did look awesome. Oh yeah. Flow looked good. You get a couple nice scars, not like bad scars, but a a couple scars on your face.


Then you can, everyone sees you for the rest of your life. You're like, that guy played hockey. Who was it? There was one guy right. Who got grandfathered in and he was like the last guy not wearing a helmet. I can't remember who it was. Greg McTavish. Yeah. He just was like, you just watch a game. He's like, what? He doesn't have a helmet. Oh yeah. He is grandfathered in. He doesn't have To do it. The best part is warmups. So where you can go no bucket and warmups. Like that's exciting. Yeah. I love, I love that. Get the hot Bucket. Oh yeah. Yeah. Bucket. And this is a very important question for you. How much chicken parm do you eat in a, in a normal, I guess we'll go with a month. Oh, I, I have it every game day. Every game day. Every Game day. I have chicken parm. So you had that for like an early lunch? Yeah. So like I'll have it early lunch around 1130, then take a nap and be ready for the game at seven.


So does that, I have a lot of chicken Parm. Does everyone eat chicken parm? It's a great meal. Yeah, It is a great meal. A lot of guys have that, but like more pasta or like with the chicken parm than I don't have pasta with mine. So just Chicken Parm. Just chicken par. So it just goes straight meat stay. Like, have you had like chicken parm and you're like, that's a good chicken parm. I'm gonna play well tonight. Oh yeah. Like whenever I go to a hotel, I'm like, I know it's a bad, like over the years, I know like it's a shitty chicken parm just puts me in a bad mood. It's like I'm have a bad nap. I'm gonna have a bad start to the game. Gotta find a way. But Yeah. Sounds like another analytics homework for your dad. Yeah. Yeah.


Figure out the, the best parms chicken parm cities. Yeah. And how are you playing them? What are the best chicken parm cities? DC was good yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. They've got a good one. Yeah. You gotta do a review. Oh, chicken par Around the country. Every hotel just do a reveal. Montreal's got good chicken Parm. Okay. But also I feel like if the chicken parms too good, that could be bad too. Right? Oh, I'm, I'll crush as many and just, you know, it might be a little heavy that night, but just, I can't turn down a chicken parm. No. Which describe your ideal plate setup for a chicken parm. Well, like what? I like a perfect chicken parm in my book. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I'm not a like a too big a cheese on it, but a like a thin chicken par, almost like a chicken cutlet and just like a lot of sauce.


Put a little olive oil on it. That's exactly what I want. Yeah. What about the pasta? What type of pasta do you like with it? I usually don't have pasta with chicken par. So just a chicken par? Yeah, chicken Par sweet potato. Okay. That's a very healthy way to go about it. Exactly. Yeah. Two things I would load up on the pasta. Yeah, no, I know. I, I did that and I blew up pretty quick. So my God, I gotta take the pasta outta my, I can't be gaining this much weight during the season. Yeah. Yeah. Back to the Four Nations real quick. I had had one last question about it. The, the fight obviously in the, in the round play with Canada to start the game. Three fights in nine seconds. So you guys planned that all out beforehand, right? Did you know who you were fighting and you were just like, we like no bad blood, we're just gonna have to do it.


Yeah, so it happened where we were talking about it before and we're like, let's unite our team. We're in Montreal, we're the villains. We're, there's only 20 of us that we have. Just, let's just stick together. And that was a way to, to go about that is to show that we are united. And then it happens that before the game they give our starting lineups And we are the away team. So we sent in ours first and, and then they sent it and they circle on the board at, we're going on two minutes, four minutes. And then Matthew looks at me, he is like, like the, the guy he's fighting. He is like, he started, he is like, all right, I'm first shift I'm going him. And then after and like, I'm gonna grab Benny off the bench, which is his teammate in Florida.


And be like, you're, you're coming out like we're going next. And then Millsy talked to PCO in warmups. He's like, we're going. And, and they had it all. I love that. Yeah. I love it. Talking beforehand. Yeah. Being like, Hey, just so you know, we're fighting. Yeah. Right Away. And so then Matthew fought. I just think like then me and Mill almost had an argument about who was going next. He's like, let me go second. And then he was like asking the defenseman PCO out there and he is like, we're going. And he's like, looks at me. He is like, I'm not going. Like, and I'm like, what do you mean? Like you're not going. Then I'm like saying to Mill, I'm like, he's not going like, let me go him right away. And then we were just arguing. I'm like, I'm going him. And then we did, and then the next whistle, then Millsy got his That's awesome.


It was great. It was so awesome. Was there any talk about doing that again for the, the finals? No. No, there wasn't much of that. It was once he got some finals, it was just all about trying to win. And, and I know people probably would've liked that again, but I think at that point where, you know, if it happened organically, like if they wanted to go again. But I think it was just all right from the start just trying to, trying to get it done and just one shot away. Yeah. We, we watched the game with a Canadian oldie and he's, he is the definition of a beauty and he was talking shit to us all the entire game just about how bad the ice is in America. 'cause he drives the Zamboni up in Canada. He's like, that's bad ice, bad job by the Zamboni guy.


Did you, have you seen Oldie? Have you seen this guy? I don't, I Don't Nash's buddy. No, I don't think, I think I saw a clip, right, because was it Ys? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember YI saw a clip that he set it up. Right. So yeah. Yeah. So no, I, I didn't watch the full video, but because we're Ready to go at him, we were like, you want to go? You want to go oldie? He didn't want it. I'll show you his side pouches after. It's probably the most insane thing I've ever seen in my life. You're i'll, I'll, I'll send it to you. Yeah, you the boys will get a good laugh out of it. Alright, I have one last question.


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


So we talked about not touching the Stanley Cup. Are you worried that you're never gonna win a PGA championship because you drank outta Brooks' PGA championship trophy? Because that's out now. Yeah, that's out. Okay. That's out. But I'm happy that it's out. What was it like Brooks is a good friend of ours. Yeah. He looked like he was having a great time that night. Was it fun hanging out with him? Yeah, Because I, I was told that he was there. I was like, all right, I'll just go say hi and introduce myself. And all of a sudden I walk in and just, I get handed it. He is like, what do you want? What do you want in it? I was like, I guess I'll just take a beer. Yeah. And then puts it in front of me and I like, looked down. I'm like, all right, well I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to chug this.


Like, I can't just Have a couple sips. Yeah. You can't sip it. Yeah. Like, I'm like, all right, I gotta show him a beauty. Yeah, Yeah. But no, it was good. I like the inner monologue of like, this guy's gonna think I'm not a beauty Got I got one touch this. And then we met up after the game and had more drinks out of it and yeah, it was, he was blast. He was locked in that game. I Think that was the night. Be laser focused. I think that was the night. You bet Josh Allen win MVP This year. He did bet Josh Allen MVP that night and he was so focused on the game. He is just staring at at the game. He is like, I can't even blink. I'll miss something going On here. Yeah. He's the best. He's, he's the man. Yeah. Alright, well Brady, thanks so much. Are you gonna get in a fight tonight? Because I'm, like I said, I'm taking my son to the game so I, I could point out and be like, see that guy right there?


He is a tough motherfucker. He's gonna Fight. Yeah. I mean, we'll have to see. Alright. Maybe a goal, goal goal would work too. Yeah. Black hawks are bad. They need to get, they need to keep getting good pitch. They had a big win though. Yeah, They did. They did. They did, did. So, yeah. That'll be a tough one. Yeah. I, I had one last thing, actually, I forgot to ask you this. Your teammate, Shane Pinto, he was asked about you and they said, what's the most kuck thing about Brady Kach? And he said, you mean, what's the Ratt thing about him? Was that, was that a compliment? Pence. Oh, Pence. I'll take it as a comment. I think he, I'll let him Know though. So the way that he explained it, he said that you, you stir the pot, but often off the ice you're super nice.


But then once the game starts, you kind of switch into a different mode. Like ratty could chuck. So do actually feel that like puck drop your personality changes. Yeah. Yeah. No, I feel like I don't even know when the switch happens, but I definitely feel like I turn into a completely different person. Yeah. So it's it's, it's fun though. It is fun. We like that person on the ice. Yeah. Can't be bringing that home though. Can't be bringing the Rattiness back home. No, no. Definitely. Just disastrous. Waiting a half. Alright, well Brady, thank you so much Captain America. Good luck rest of the year. Get in the Playoffs and appreciate you stopping by man. Awesome. Thank you guys for having me. That was a lot of fun. You appreciate it.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, and idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. In a society that glorifies hyper independence, it's easy to forget that we're all better when we have a support system behind us. Therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. I've gone to therapy in the past, it's helped me out a lot. I actually have a therapy appointment for this Friday. Excited to get back into it. Better Help is fully online. It's making therapy affordable, convenient. Serves over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Build your support system with better help. Visit better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com/pmt. That's better help check 'em out today.


Brady Kach was also brought to you by Lucy. I got my Lucy right here in my pocket. I got Lucy's same espresso breakers, I believe Espresso breakers. I put a another sticker on it and it is eight milligrams, eight milligram breakers. Love this stuff. The espresso is one of my favorites. I like the the mango also pretty good. What do you guys like to use? I have in my pocket right now. 12 milligram. Oh, I'm sorry. Hank. Yeah, Hank you go ahead. Oh, you got it. No, you go. Well he asked both of us so Yeah. Yeah, I know, but I was talking so I, okay you go. No, you got it. Nope, you got it. Come on. Whenever you get a set 12 espresso break. Min 12 milligram meant yes that you owe 12. 12. I gotta work my way up to that. Yes, the eight rookie numbers. Hank what? What do you four. Four. What flavor Espresso breakers Lucy is brought to you. Espresso breakers. Yeah, it's good. Good choice. Each breaker's pouch contains a hydration capsule. You crack open with your teeth before tossing it in your lip. The capsule releases a burst of flavor and helps release nicotine faster so you get an experience that you can't find with any other pouch. The Lucy Breakers are a totally new kind of pouch only available for Lucy. Get Lucy shipped straight to your door. Visit lucy.co/pmt and use code PMT. Get 20% off your first order. Subscribe for another 15% off and shipping's always free. Nice thing about Lucy, other nicotine pouches. Sometimes you can't find 'em in stores you don't know which brand to go with. With Lucy, you can get 'em chipped straight to your door and if you subscribe you get another 15% off. You don't have to worry about about running out. Lucy products are only for adults of legal age. Every order is age verified. Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. We got a listener submitted. FAQs. Hank, What's up PMT Crew. What's Up? Hey First if you had to make a pickup basketball starting five of guests on the show. Oh. Excluding all professional athletes, former and current. Oh mm. Who would be on the team also, can we get a 99 9 9 challenge in the cave for opening day? Mm. I think I would go Illa. Illa definitely has to be on the team. Jerry O' Jerry O'Connell. O'Connell. You Think he could be on her basketball? He could hoop. I don't know. I feel like he could. Oh man, this is a good Question.


Mark Wahlberg. Yeah, Illa Fuck is a really good question. I'm Thinking through the tallest people that we've had on the show. Yeah, Wendy. Wendy's got handles. Adam Sandler For sure. Sandler. Yeah, Sandler. Great call. So windy running the Point. Illa Sandler. I think we might have Kain at center. Kane at center. That's a good call. Stone Cold Power Forward. Yeah. Yeah. Which is all Wrestlers. Those Are kind of athletes though. Okay. No, But I think we should actually do all professional wrestlers and we'll just beat the fuck out of everybody. I'm trying to think of who else we got. Tom Ra.


Yeah. In the dunk contest. Tom Gear in the dunk contest head. That's a great call. Danny DeVito. Danny DeVito. Probably not. Hmm. It's a good question. We gotta come, we gotta come up with a solid. We're pretty much, we're we're building this team on Ow and Wendy. I No, Mark Walbert. I mean Mark. Mark. Yeah. I do think Wendy would be smooth with it. I don't know Why you think he could dribble. Yeah. He just spends enough time around the game. I think he could. I think he could. Yeah. What About Rothstein? Has he ever taken a jump shot? I don't think so. No. I don't think Rothsteins ever taken a jump shot. Brandon Walker? Yeah. Brandon Walker wouldn't be bad. Mark Titus. Well he played Not professionally. True. He didn't play professionally, but yeah, he would definitely If if we're, I was thinking just no athletes whatsoever.


He was drafted by the globe Trotters. Yeah, good question. We gotta come up with some more. We could probably do coaches, right? Josh Duomo. He probably is a good athlete, right? Yeah, I think he would be. Missoula. Missoula played. Yeah. Skip 1.4. Stephen A Stephen A He's Steven a. Yep. There it is. There it is. I knew we'd find it. All right. Oz The Mentalist. So final answer, Wendy at the, at the point. Stephen, a shooting guard. Yeah. Illa the three or Illa the four Illa Would, if we talked to Illa, if he about, if he wanted to be a three or a four, he would have like an hour long answer.


Yeah, We'll put him at the three Kain at the five. Is he a professional athlete? Who? Kain Hank's trying to take him away from us. Mayor Kain. He's 100% a Professional athlete. Okay. He's a mayor. Okay. Who's our tallest guest that wasn't a professional athlete? Man. Who's the one person that we said you should have? Hooped? Yeah. Shane. Osama Bin Laden. Yeah. OBL. Shane Gillis. Shane Gillis would be, yeah. Shane Gillis did R four and then maybe Ka in R five. I like that. Just keep throwing Kane in there. Okay. Yeah, I mean I'm gonna keep throwing Kane in there. I don't know what you want me to say. I'm gonna keep doing it. Sup fellas. How did you guys meet Tim Woods and start doing d and d shows?


Ooh, good question. That was in Barsol Gold. Yeah. Back in the day we wanted to do some different shows that weren't sports related. Some different for the people out there. We had a professional cuddler come on the show and tell us about her job. We had a marine biologist come on the show And we wanted to do like a board game type thing And we thought d and d might be good. Yeah. And it's, I mean, one of the best relationships we've made And credit to our guest Booker who, who just, we told her go out find a a. Yeah. D Barry. Jordan. Jordan. Shout Jordan Best. And Tim Woods is now he's, I mean he's part of, I, I sometimes think about this not as like a, we're gonna end the show anytime soon, but like if whenever the show does end, if we did like a tour or like a last show, the the pop Tim Woods would get when he came in would be awesome if we did like a all the, all the best Seinfeld Recurring guests.


Yeah. Kind of. But not a clip show, but like just having them all come in would Be safe. No, for like the last episode. Oh, I thought You talking about we that would be a live show. Oh yeah. But I'm saying just the pop like a real pop the pop online. If we had 'em come in and just had everyone. Did We talk about doing a 10 year anniversary show? We did. Isn't That this Next Year? Next Year. Year Will be 10. We're we're, we actually missed our anniversary this year. Yeah, it's actually we're two. Yeah. Because the show started on Leap Day. Yeah, we do. We we're not good with the Was right. Next year. We're not good With the Anniversaries we're in. We're going to the 10th year. No, no, no, no, no, no. You just implied. You said didn't you guys say you're doing 10 year anniversary? Didn't we just pass it? No, I did not say just pass it year. Did technically miss our nine year.


I did not Say just pass it. You were implying you were like, I thought you were gonna do one for 10 years. We are. I we did miss our nine year. It's in a year, which I'm actually, I'm happy about because the, I I do, there's like a trend online to be like, oh I've been doing this for a hundred days. Yeah. Congratulations to me. So we missed nine. Yeah. Whoops. Are bad. What we did. That's a long time. I thought you were just talking about mostly Sports, but this is No, I'm not talking about mostly sports podcast. I'm talking about gone to high school people who do Something and college something. People who, and the fifth year in college, It's like people who work out for like, you know, 50 days. They're like day 50. Yeah. We, I was really talking about Nick Smokes. That's who I was talking about. We technically had our our nine year what? Four days ago?


Yeah. Yeah. I was talking about Nick Smokes. Okay. Alright. Next. I was just wondering in regards to Hot Seat, cool thrown or other segments, like who's back of the week if that is something we guys, you guys meet together for, whether it may be hours before each show to make sure you are pinpointing some of the key things that have happened recently and made sure there's not overlap kind of thing. We never Overlap. Something to come prepared. That's things you might wanna say. And if other people had on their best list and so be it. I usually just think of what would Big Cat say and what would PFT say? And then I just use that. You Try to take those. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's a very astute question. We never have any overlap. Yeah. And we always hit all the main points and the sporting calendar.


No. Yeah. We have, I think it's like a 45 minute, it used to be an hour long, but now it's a 45 minute production meeting. Four hours before each show script the whole thing. And then we plotted out on, we used Post-it notes, color coded. No, we we Did, we did. There was a point early on where we planned a lot more and I think we found no, we did. Oh for sure. Yeah. We plan like topics and stuff and say, I, I think we found pretty quickly that like just being ourselves is a lot and and also surprising each other with things is, is a lot funnier. But yeah, if you ever hear shorts on Hot Seat or quilt thrill, that's because we ran out. Yep. Or keeping beers outside. Yeah. Or daylight savings. Yeah. I still, I'm so mad at myself. No, the, the start of the show when we did for the first like two, maybe three years, it was every topic at the start.


So the main sports talk Yeah. At the start. And then we would do segments after the interview. Yeah. And the segments would be like Hot Seat, cool. Thrown was one of them. Hurt or injured would be another one. PR 1 0 1. I'm trying to remember the other ones that we had. Mike Wil bond's name drop of the week. He'd play golf with Obama. Not to brag, that was another one. But we would go through whatever happened in the sports then Yeah. Fit them into one of those segments and then the show kind of evolved from there. Yeah. We realized that we're just hitting 'em on our own in a natural way. They don't have to put 'em in a bucket. Oh, when is, when is Max doing the baseball street? Oh, good question. Supposed To pitch. This is memes. I feel like ever since PMTV came out showing he was throwing maximum 60 miles per hour, it went dark.


Is max scared? Great question. Well some, the thing is, let's Answer the second part first. Yeah. The thing is, what Is the, the thing, are you scared? Scared? Yeah. Probably an accurate answer. Answer there. So here the real answer is we had it set up twice. We got rained out twice. We were working on rescheduling for a third time and then I broke my foot and now the college baseball season has started. I think we gotta go. Maybe minor league team. I maybe in independent. Yeah. Independently. Yeah. Yeah. I mean independent is probably the Mallard would probably do it. Yeah. Independent. We could definitely, we could definitely find some teams.


Mallard, If you're listening, let's get this set Up And we can say now we were going to do with the University of Tennessee. Yes. It's gonna be the balls. Yes. Who won a national championship last year? We had and Max, I think they're currently undefeated. Start Max is gonna this year to get shelled by them. And they were in on it. But then because of the weather in Knoxville, we couldn't find A day that worked. And then, and then he broke his foot and Then he broke his foot and I broke my foot. The bro, the breaking of the foot was the real Yeah. Yeah. That was bad. But Then you won a Super Bowl. But then I won a Super Bowl. Yep. And now I'm like basically a healthy, Basically healthy. Yeah. What does basically healthy look like? I'm technically not supposed to run or jump for another like two weeks. But We're taping this right before we do a challenge where we go to 15 fast food restaurants. Yeah. Or attempt to go to 15 fast food restaurants and eat from every single one of 'em.


Yeah. No, I'm never gonna get skinny. Yeah, it's okay. That's you Listen, you, when we do like the combine and stuff, you show out. I think that's all that matters if you're a little overweight. It's like you gotta just every now and then remind people like I could be in good shape. Yeah. I could be. I fat athlete. Fat. Fat athlete. Fat athlete. Fat. Fat. Fat athlete. Fat athlete. I Like obese better. OB is one. OB just goes Perfectly. Obese was a good one. Yeah. You are ob. Okay. Is that it? Yep. Good job, Hank. Thanks. You look good today. Thanks. Yeah. That's it. Just complimenting each other. Boys, boys compliment each other.


All right. Numbers, memes, happy birthday. Memes. Yeah. Back. I like compliments. So let's compliment each other. Okay. Memes are, I really hope you get this. Oh, Here's a compliment. Memes. I know at least you're trying to get this. You're never going to get it, but I know at least you're trying. Okay. So that's my compliment to you. Thank you. I love how much you care. Yeah. Yeah. And it is, and it's, it's bullshit that people keep bringing up that you didn't get it on the previous machine and the new machine. And it's getting a little ridiculous how bad you are at this. That's mean. Yeah. It's very mean. And then pf t's tweet yesterday it was also very nice. What, what was my tweet?


It's part of my memes birthday. Yeah. Everybody, everybody say something nice about him. Oh. And then what do people say? Have you ever gotten, your birthday would be a lot better if you Would've got the ball. That's true. I, I did not want people being, in fact, Do people ever see you out? Memes? Like, is that, does that ever happen to you? Because that's when it really gets dark. No. Once they start yelling numbers, realtors, That'd be a real shame if people, you know. Yeah, That would be a real shame. Able to identify memes. I Like, I just look like every generic white male. Alright. So if you see a generic white male in your neighborhood, just ask. Just ask 'em if they've ever got the lottery ball. Yeah. Just to be safe. Yeah. Okay. Numbers 7/3/11. It's his birthday.


It was his birthday. We'll go 30. I'll give you three. No, no, you go three. No, no. I'll give you three. It's not gonna, it's Not gonna play up. All right. Big Cat, take 30. I'll take 30. You take three? No, You take three. I'll take 30. You want, are you okay with this? Yeah. Alright. Are you okay with I'm fine with it. You're not gonna get it either way. So What if it pops up? It's not gonna go ahead. 77 9 9 P 44, 21. What was yours Hank? Seven. So for the record, Big Cat, you have three. Three means says 30, 45.


45 memes. What? Just, just hypothetically, what would you do if three hits and you don't have it that day? Can't, can't punch the monitor. 'cause we would lose all the files. Storm out. Okay. You'd be, I don't think I've never seen you storm out. Would you try to fist fight the person who got three? Yes. Okay. I think He would punch the person closest to him. Mm. Who's that person? It's Max. Max. You'd punch. Max. That's Max. Okay. My gut. All right. See everyone Friday. Love you Guys.