
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have two incredible interviews to end Super Bowl week. Jason Kelsey in the, Pardon? My Take. Temporary studio was awesome. We also had special guests, Ronan Max and Kate who stole the show with Jason. And then we have the Schwam, Chris Berman Super Bowl tradition. Have to have 'em on every Super Bowl. Week is four years running. Let's just say there were tears. There were tears. We're going to talk a little BA very unexpected source of tears.


Yes. We're gonna talk some NBA trade deadline. We're gonna talk Super Bowl preview, our favorite props, how max is feeling going into the big game. And then we have Fire Fest ending Super Bowl 59 week.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. This ain't the little itty bitty teeny tiny bowl. This Super Bowl 59. Get on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the Vince Lombardi trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at DraftKings Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on the DraftKings Sports book. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football, who like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football, they try to avoid me because I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, football.


Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook, the crown is yours.


Today is Friday, February 7th. And it's Max week. Max week. Max week finale of Max Max. Week week. We are finally here. Super Bowl 59. Max. Max. How you feeling? Good guy. I feel good. I I haven't, I don't feel too much different from Monday until now. I still feel confident. I'm still scared of Patrick Mahomes. I still think we're gonna win the football game. Yeah. Yeah. Have you have you, when, when are you gonna ramp up the partying? What a noise. It's a tough question. It Sounds like a bird. No, I still have to edit tonight.


So I'll probably dip my toes in tonight. And then tomorrow. Tomorrow it's full. It's tomorrow. It's full go. It's Full go. I It's full. Go from, from Friday morning to Sunday night. Friday Afternoon. Friday Afternoon. Hopefully. Hopefully till Monday morning. Hopefully till Tuesday until hopefully the parade. What if Lane Johnson gets you in a parade? I mean, that's not Gonna happen. Why not? Max did or Hank Did. It's not big Dom could get you in a parade. Big maybe big dom. I mean, this isn't crazy. I'm just thinking of I'm, I'm just comparing it to Lane Johnson doesn't like me. Like Missoula likes like tanks. But Big Dom loves you. Big Dom does Big Don is big. Dom is my paan. Do you think it's a little like you're jinxing a little thinking about the parade?


You asked me a question, I answered the question. I Thought parade. But you were thinking about the, the Super Bowl. Not until you asked me the question. Right, but I You eventually, like you just started thinking about the parade. I hadn't, it literally hadn't crossed my mind until you said that. What's your Locked level? Locked. I need to get more locked. Yeah. Yeah. You are locked. I I my brain has been slipping this week. Have You broken down film? Do you have keys to the game When? Yeah. 0% You want you, this Is brutal. You wanna know how locked in I am? How, yeah. What were my keys to the game against the commanders? I think it was winning. What, what happened?


You won. You won Are My keys to the game for Super Bowl. Same game plan. Yeah. Don't You think the Game plan is the win? Don't you think the Chiefs know that game plan now, like the blueprint's out. You, you can't stop winning. The winners are not the chief. I want you, I want you to tell me how you stop winning. Because if The chiefs have been watching the Chiefs, they know what your keys to the game are from last week. And they can counter that. That's A great point. They can win harder. Harder. By the way, PFT you look great. I should have said that. I should have said that to start. I feel great. Yeah. You look incredible. I Went out, picked up some, some new threads. I feel pretty good about it. I got some new shoes. Apparently you don't wear socks with shoes anymore, so I'm not wearing socks. Okay. And then socks are out plaid pants. And I got every country in the world.


I have a, a world map, which our sound guy very astutely pointed out like this is just the, the country equivalent of my NFL shirt. Yes. That I was wearing. Yes. He was right on the money. And the kle hat and the kle hat. That really, the kle hat is awesome. That makes it, it does tie it all together. And I, I got in here and Hank instantly got jealous. Oh, move turned sour immediately. Yeah. No, I just said to you, look, what time's your tee time? That's very funny, huh? Well, you're, I mean, you're still, you Also made fun of Hank, you were like, you're dressed like a 5-year-old. He's wearing Like, he dressed like a 5-year-old. He's wearing Offwhite shoes and a kid. He's also and a kid's shirt. He Which kind Of, so it's like Dressed Kid. This cool kid is cool. It was You trying to off flex on him. But he, I know what Offwhite, I know Offwhite is significantly cooler than you.


Not significantly cooler than me. I would say. I would say Hank is dressed cooler. Pft is a hundred times swagger. Agree. Hank looks like A drug dealer in 1989. That's what he looks Like. I look like A, no, I don't think so. Pc. Okay. I just realized what I said. Fair point. Hank. He Looks like a drug dealer in 2025. Scarface. Yeah. You look, you should be in Scarface. Fuck as like, yeah. That's not a bad thing, but like 1989, I whatever. You still old swag. How about this? We both look Good. Listen for the very first time I went out and I, I spent money on clothes today for the low cost $3,000. Put this outfit together and I feel good about it. I don't, I think you're serious. I'm serious. No way. Those shoes might be Yeah.


Expensive. Max asked me what kind shoes these are. I said brown, brown. I don't know. Yeah. Anyone want to mention like 300? Anyone wanna mention my No, I don't Think you're serious. Black T-shirt. No. It's a nice black t-shirt. Thank You slim. Appreciate it. I appreciate it. Very slimming. I I I picked this out today when I was looking at the seven black t-shirts I packed. But let's not let Max off the hook. 'cause I don't think you, you're not dialed. No, he's not dialed. No, I'm not. He's loose right now and it's in a loose, in a bad way. That's not true. Are you worried true about Jalen Carter being sick? Who's sick for five days? He'll be fine A lot. Magic Johnson. Yeah. Fair. I Didn't think about also the entire Eagles locker room.


They they might be sick too. There's worries that it's spreading through the locker room. It's probably food poisoning. Okay. It's probably, it's probably the busing Boys, but that's still not good. You still don't feel like if you have food poisoning on Thursday, you're not gonna feel 100% on Sunday. Will literally ran a 4, 9, 12 hours removed from f food poisoning. Okay. That also might have been just hungover. Nah, that was food poisoning. Alright, so you're not dialed, not locked in. I'm Not gonna say not dialed, but I'm, I'm going to leave room for improvement on the dial. Okay. One Thing I wear This week is the most dialed I saw Max was when we were drunk on Monday. So once, once you get a couple drinks, you'll be back. That's it's work. This has been work week.


It has been work week max. It's really Max weekend is when it's really gonna turn Into It. Max weekend. So, so Max, max Monday. If you don't have keys to the game, at least gimme a show me the path. What's gonna, what has to happen? I've Said the path. What Do the Eagles have to do? Eagles, They don't need, they don't need to start hot because sometimes they don't start hot. They need to be, they don't, sometimes they don't, sometimes they're, they're a second half team. They need to be up two scores going into the fourth, fourth quarter. That's my key to the game. Okay. Would you say that being up two scores going into the fourth quarter, it would be easier to do that if you started hot? Correct. But like the chiefs can score first And we can still get to up two scores. Okay. True. That's what I'm saying. You gotta win the middle Two, two quarters.


You don't have to score first. No, don't have to score first, second, And third quarter. That's your time. Yes. The second do you have the middle four is huge. Do you kick off or do you receive Kickoff? Always our defense. So good. You Do you have to score second? No, we can score first. No, No, but do you have to score? Do you like, could the chief score first and second? Depends on the scores. If it's the field goal. Field goal. Okay. What about if it's touchdown field goal? Yeah, touchdown field goal. I would not be feeling good. Okay. Here's the reality of the situation. A touchdown field goal, you can come back from 10. Nothing you can do that. But if you start out getting safety and it's two nothing that's game over.


That's a fact. Yeah. Safety would be tough. Two, nothing is absolutely just stop the game Max. Is this a must win or can't lose? This is a, this is a mustn't lose. Okay. Good answer. Mustn't lose. Must not. We must not lose mustn't Lose a mustn't lose. Have you Thought about your pre-game meal? Yes, Of course. What do you mean? I thought about, Well I thought stupidly and someone rightfully corrected me. I almost, I almost just would just tried to run it back and I was like, I should get Taco Bell before. And I was like, that's very stupid because we lost that Super Bowl. So I have thought about it. Haven't answered it. No Decision. Have you, it sounds like you've thought more about the parade than the pregame meal.


You asked me a question, right? I answered the question. Have you thought about how many drinks you're gonna have in your system at kickoff? Great Question. No, That's I Oh, you gotta know that. You Have to know that. Are we going? Like, what's the range that you're looking for? I that, that's a fluid situation. I gotta see how I feel. He's not tired. Not bad. You have to have a plan because that means he's just gonna be blacked out. Yes. If you have no plan, you're planning on having 20. No, truly only. Okay. Okay. You're gonna get unruly. You I'm gonna be unruly. Okay, but respect responsibly unruly. Yeah. You're Responsibly unruly. Yeah. Have you and Rowan talked about what time you're going to like start drinking on Sunday? Going into the game? No, we have not spoken about it.


These are, These are details parts, Man. We are, I I do think we're gonna be with little SAS as well, but he's sitting by himself. Okay. So that's another thing. But these are details You gotta figure out. It's, It's like, just like you're playing the game. You have to script the first 15 drinks. Right. And you also have to like, what time are you gonna wake up on Sunday? Are you gonna sleep in? Are you gonna get, like, are you gonna get to the game an hour early? What's, what's the plan? Not Locked in. No, this is bad. The news is you can Walk there so like Yeah. True. I can walk there. I can walk back. You're gonna put on the boot. I'm gonna put on the boot. I like that. Okay. That's good. We've got some preparation there. Yeah, I'm putting on the Boot, but we don't know. Pre-game meal. We don't know. I think If you score First shoey. No, I can't do doing a shoey before.


If they win, I promised if they win a shoey. Okay. Okay. I'll, I'll, I would do a champagne shoey if they win. You, You have to think about your, your night before meal too. Like what's your, what's your dinner? Whatcha are you gonna load up on seafood? Oysters? Oysters? No. I, I think I'm, I think come Saturday no more seafood with, 'cause I don't want to risk the chance of food poisoning. Yeah, that's good idea. Going into That's A good idea. That's A really good idea. Going into the game. It's, he Got one detail set. He's gonna, he knows He's not gonna eat gumbo on Saturday or any Oyster. Well, I I mean there's, you know, it's the, the gumbo yaa I could do. Yeah. Yeah. Sausage gumbo. Sausage And chicken. But no seafood. Because we can't, we just can't be having food poisoning.


No, we can't. Going into the big game. No. The Eagles win. Who's the MVP? Who should the MVP should have been if the Eagles win? I I, you know what? I think it's gonna be Jalen Hers. I, I agree with you. I think it has to. I think it's gonna come down. I think the Chiefs we're actually gonna break down the game. Well actually let's do some national sports podcast stuff. Yeah. And then we'll break down the game a little bit with some props. Yeah. I'll Check out for sec. We're gonna do Parlay. Alright. Check out for, well, we have some Sixers National Sports podcast News. Virginia McCaskey has passed away at the young age of 102. Gone too soon. Rest. Peace. R-I-P-R-I-P. And that's kind of all I got right Now. Moment of silence.


Moment of silence. That felt good. Her dying? No, the moment of silence. Oh, okay. Yes. We, it will be interesting to see what happens with the Bear's ownership. She did get to see the, her last game that she watched was the Packers beating the Packers. That's pretty cool. I think one Two is crazy by Way. It is crazy. I don't, for the record, I do not want to be 102. Yeah. I never want to get there. No, I don't either. I feel Like it. Unless I own an NFL team, then I do. What if they suck? I still would probably wanna be 102. You'd wanna be 102 and then go through this season again. Owning an FL team would be sick though. It would Like, you don't want to die if you're owning an NFL team.


I don't wanna be a Hunter two regardless either Way. She obviously, her father basically started the NFL. She was been the bears owner for a long time. So she's sad hun. Well, it's not sad. It's 102. Yeah. Unbelievable life. Incredible Life lived 102. I mean, we're in New Orleans. They celebrate, they celebrate death. Yeah. They do a a, a line, a funeral line. I, I don't know what's gonna end up happening with the Bears ownership. But that's, it's not a time to think about That. It does kinda rock. Tomorrow's the time to think about that. It does kind of rock that she said like, yeah, I'll spend all my money on this new coach and then she doesn't have to actually do that. Yeah. That's the way to go. Yeah. When I'm like 95, I'm gonna make a major financial commitment and then load up on a huge batch of heroin.


Yes. That's my plan. Yeah. So RIP Virginia McCaskey 102. Not a drug guy. Not a drug guy. A hundred two's nuts. It's crazy. Like I still, what what, so she was born in 1923. Yeah. Holy Fuck. Saw World War ii. All of it. Saw Yeah. The Great Depression, great Dust Bowl. Pearl Harbor is, wait, is she older than the Hoover Dam? That's crazy. Probably. Yeah. She is. She's older than highways. That's, that's that, That's insane. She was older than highways. I, I did appreciate in the, the writeup. What? That's crazy. That's, that's not computing into my How does she older than highway?


Well, Because there weren't, there weren't a lot of cars. Yeah. Invented Highways. Yeah, that's true. So how did people get from one city to Another? They were row. But like in terms of like the, the full US highway system, that didn't happen until like right after Great Depression, right? Yeah. Is Route six, isn't that a highway? Yeah. Route 66 Sure. Is the Hoover Dam. So That was at after, So 1936 was the Hoover Dam. Yep. Highways. So she remembers the Hoover Dam being built us. Yeah. On signed leg on 1956, president Dwight Eisenhower signed legislation funding the construction of the US interstate highway system. Think about that. Max. She older than highways.


That's fucking insane. Yep. Alright. Should we talk some trade deadline? I did some winners and losers based on basically just vibes. Okay. So I got real No Intel. By the way, our NBA preview will be coming in two weeks. So Ryan IL will be on for that. We're gonna do a full NBA preview. It's about time for NBA to start. Alright. You want my winners and losers real quick. And again, this is based off vibes, so people are gonna be like, you don't know what you're talking about. You might know a little bit more Mees. So you can correct me if I'm wrong on any of my winners and losers. All right. Winner Lakers. Yep. Luca also Mark Williams, even though he gets injured a bunch, they did need a big, that feels like a pretty good trade for them.


They traded Dalton Connect and a pick to the Charlotte Hornets, which that was basically a free roll. Yeah. 'cause they should have been in the Luca trade. Correct. That was like, oh yeah, we, yeah. We got, yeah. That those Dalton connect and that unprotected first should have been for Luca and like Yeah. We'll just take a shot on Mark Williams who is injured a lot. But also if he's good he's, and if he is not injured, he's exactly what they needed. I mean, Dalton Connect was good though. I liked watching LeBron. He's only one ball and he could just Yeah, you're right. He needed the ball. He was a scored, he not, not a lot of defense. Yeah. They're also winners. 'cause LeBron didn't leave. Yeah. He said I'm here right now. Yeah. Which means right at this very second he's there. Which I don't know if he's planning on leaving, but there were rumors that like he might be interested in going to the Warriors, which I think would've made everybody hate basketball.


Yeah. Right. If if they got everyone, you would've liked that. Yeah. It would've been cool if they got Kd, LeBron And set wouldn't No, they wouldn't have gotten, they wouldn't have gotten KD And LeBron, I don't think. Well they were all names that were like floating around. I, I'm glad that didn't happen. Yeah. Alright. Other winners. Oh by the way, 'cause we're consistent on this podcast. Hank, did you see Luca in a Lakers jersey? Negative Aura? Yeah. I did not. I like just the look of it was, was bad Aura. You Haven't seen him sweat in it though. That's true. But I just, something about it just didn't Work. 77 doesn't hit the same. It just Didn't work. Yeah, exactly. It just didn't work. I don't think anybody looks good dry in an NBA jersey.


Mm mm They don't like if you just, if You, you need 'em to wet. Need to Get wet. I got 'em to oil up a little bit. You like wet oil up a little bit then let's see if you got the Aura. Alright. Other winner. I thought the Cavs getting Deandre Hunter was big. Huge Cavs are going for it. They needed that. And the Hawks are tanking now I guess. Yeah. Yeah. So that was, that was big. I thought that was a big win Miami for trading Jimmy Butler and getting rid of him and the Warriors for getting Jimmy Butler. Yeah. Win win. Yeah. You got, you got playoff Jimmy. Maybe. Yeah. That's gonna be, I think if they get to the playoffs, I don't, I don't fully understand what the Warrior's plan is. I think it's just, Steph's gonna have to shoot all the threes. 'cause they don't, they have less like Jimmy Butler and Draymond, You think they're gonna get Along?


Don't really shoot threes. I Think Draymond's one of the bigger losers. You think so? 'cause the Warriors had a deal where Kevin Durant was gonna be going to the Warriors that he basically shut down just 'cause he doesn't wanna play with Draymond again. Yeah. So yeah, that would be him a loser for sure. But I, I, I mean I think the Warrior, the Warriors should be better just 'cause his playoff Jimmy would play off step. Yeah. Billy's Old as Fuck. That's What I'm saying. Like, he old, I mean, Steph is 36. Jimmy Butler's 35. But that's why Miami's So good though. Jimmy Butler's. No, but that there's a difference between regular season jbo Jimmy and Playoff and playoff Jbo. Yeah. You know that there is, They might win a series. Yeah. They're barely in the playoffs right now. And Miami wins because they got rid of Jimmy Butler who is being a bitch. Would you guys agree with that?


Oh yeah. And then my, I I think he was being Jimmy Butler. Yeah. Like this is what you expect when Yeah. Is Jimmy Butler. Yeah. What you expect. My other winner is the Clippers. Just 'cause I like Bog Don Bogdanovich. It's fun to say. Yeah. And He is just like, I don't know. I feel like he can get hot. You Don't like the Spurs? I think the Spurs would be winner. Spurs are Winners. Yeah. Deandre Fox. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Dre Fox. De Fox Fox. Yeah. I'm, they're A winner. I'm a big watcher of his. You could be you the King's. I mean the King's getting Zach Levine for not a lot could be winners as well. Like the Beam. Yeah. My losers are What about the war? The Wizards and the Kings? I feel like just for making a lot of moves. Oh Yeah. The Wizards getting Marcus Smart. That was a win. They just Made moves.


I don't know that they were like winning moves, but like, I just like that they were so active. Yeah. Every tweet was like, the Wizards were just moving pieces around. Here's I feel bad for Marcus Smart. I feel terrible. Here's the thing about I want 'em To come home. Here's the thing about what the Wizards are doing. They're just, they're moving names around. They're doing stuff with the salary cap that I, I don't understand, but I know that what they're engaged in is just active tanking just as much as Yeah. They're Gonna trade Chris Middleton. And, and for the longest time year they, they did not have a plan. And their plan was, it was like even worse than the Bulls plan because we would finish outside of the playoffs. Yeah. But not be bad enough to get a, a one pick or two pick until last season. Then we finally got competent front, front office when we got the dude from Oklahoma City. And now we've had a plan in place where it's like, get, you have to get really fucking bad.


Yeah. And I'm, I'm completely on board with getting as, as bad as possible. That's the key in the, in the NBA. Do you like Quentin Grimes as Sixers a winner? Sure. Who, who Cares Saw this Also? Winners. Why? Caleb Martin. Chris Middleton sell the killers out of the picture. Well, they're in the east still, right? Yeah. Martin's Martin. He went to the Mavs Middletons. Well, I mean, he's in the east. The east. They're not gonna play him in the playoffs Just right down the street. What about that's a win. Are are you not afraid of Kyle Uzman? No you're not. No. You just don't like people with fashion. That's true. That's a fact. Yeah. You're, you're afraid of it. It's very funny because all the, all the talking heads on ES Esp N were like, I like this trade for the Bucks Cal Kma.


I know, I know. He sucked. But that's just because he was in Washington. Yeah. But now that he's gone, he's gonna be good again. And I thought about it for, I got mad for a second and I was like, kind of Right. Yeah, kind. That's, that's and very accurate statement. Yeah. Yeah. What do you got Hank? This Is bad podcasting. So we maybe cut this. Got Who is this? Who is the guy that looks like Kramer on ESPN? That's Bob. Is it Bob Myers? Lemme see. He's the guy from Yeah, the Warriors. The Warriors. Yeah. Yeah. That, yeah. That's Bob Myers. What about him? He just, I was watching. Oh yeah, youre right. Great podcast. I know. This is good. Podcasting. The phone. You literally just, you took a picture of your tv 'cause you're like, is that Kramer? I was like, what is Kramer Kramer look, fucker is great podcasting.


This is some good NBA breakdown. I know that you can listen to a bunch of other podcasts. We breaking We are, we're breaking down high level shit. But that Looks like Kramer's dad. Yeah. Yeah. He's a no, he he's a good front office guy. Yeah. He helped, he helped pick Dan Quinn. I really hate that. The N NBA Trade Deadline is Super Bowl weak. Like, come on. Yeah. It's not, This is, this Is still Super Bowl weak. This is their revenge for Christmas. Yeah. Alright. My losers real quick. Phoenix. Because Bradley Beal just refuses to go anywhere. Right. That, that feels like a bad situation. If you were Bradley Beal, what would you do? I know I said last week. You have, you have the no trade clause. You got that written in for a reason, but just fuck it. Just like, don't use your no trade clause. Well, It's also like you basically blocked the sons from getting better at all.


And then you come back in that locker room and everyone's like, right. Oh, hey dude, Glad you're still here. Thanks So much. Yeah. It it is gonna suck. Yeah. It's gonna suck. Like you're not Yeah. You'll you'll still have that contract. You'll still have the same house. You'll still have the same drive into work every day. But it's gonna get a lot worse. Obviously the Mavs are losers for the Luca Trade Raptors. I just, I don't really understand getting Brandon Ingram when they're outta the playoffs right now. And they're, maybe they're trying to get to the playing game. I don't really know. Yeah. I've always liked Brendan Ingram. Yeah, I do. I do too. But like what? I feel like the Raptors should be tanking. Right. Maybe it's a tariff thing. Maybe it's a tariff thing. Yeah. And then the bulls are a big loser because they didn't do anything that they should have done besides trade Zach Levi.


But that was a big thing. But they didn't trade Voch. They didn't trade Kobe White who seven teams were interested. And it's like, they're just the dumbest organization in AKs. Dumbest. And they extended Lonzo Ball. I like Lonzo Ball, but like, what do you do? It's just none of the moves stack up together. Yeah. It is funny that the NBA is at its best when we're not talking about games. Yeah. We're just talking about guys moving to different cities and playoffs. I love the Playoffs and being next to other guys. Yeah. It's like, oh, imagine if Luca was in la Imagine if KD was in New York. Yeah. Imagine if LeBron was in Riyadh. The, they're, I guess the Warriors wanted Voch and they just, the bulls couldn't do it 'cause they're fucking stupid. And then, yeah, seven teams.


It's ba basically the same thing that happened last year with Cruso. They're like, yeah, let's just do that mistake again. Yeah. So they're fucking idiots. Memes. Did we miss any big trades? Anything that tickled you? No, this all the Brandon Ingram one. Toronto made a lot of moves. The pelicans made a lot of moves. I'm more interested in the buyout market right now. Oh, Interesting. Oh, tell me about the buy market. Interesting. I, I want Chris Milton on the Knicks. Oh. I think he's a perfect wing backup. What About Brandon Ingram? I think he's gonna stay in Toronto. Okay. There's no, can you explain to me like I'm five how, how that market works? So the wizards trade assets, so Pretty much everything got trade Today And we get bought out.


Pay him to not play for us. Yeah. And then someone else. But that then that's good for us. Yeah. Because you already got the other assets and you traded away who you needed to trade away. Yeah. Okay. I don't understand salary caps. No, it makes no sense. And a lot of people who got traded today are just gonna get bought out. Yeah. The Marcus. So Mark smart. Yeah. Mark Smart potentially. Oh, Hank, pretty much the, the big picture trade deadline is the, the, it's rigged for the Lakers. And a lot of dumb organizations continue to dumb things and the Warriors are gonna have at least be more Interesting. Yeah. One last ride for Steph. Yeah.


One last ride for Steph. But yeah, we are gonna have, we're so on to break down or to preview the NBA. But it's still football season. It's still football season. It is. We got one game left. Enjoy it. I was thinking about what, how, how my brain is gonna feel on Monday morning with no football. No, I don't want to think about it. I don't want to think about it. Did you guys see, by the way, Rob Bryan's press conference? No, it was incredible. It was incredible. I don't know if this is bad podcasting, but I can just play it because it was just so, it was so, so good. He is, I think the linebacker's coach at USC. He is. Yeah. Here, I'll play it. We can, we can, we can cut it if it doesn't make sense. But it was all right. Here He is. Its this year, this watch where we finish this year.


Watch where we finish this year. This guy is special. He's special. He knows how to get it done. He's a great communicator, great teacher. He's fun to be around. He makes everybody better, including the coaches and, you know, we'll see, you know, I'm looking forward for the, what do you call it, spring ball or whatever. I can't wait. You're Gonna go against the best. Oh good. Bring it on. See that little juco kid from Hutch? Bam. We're going to get after. But, but anyway, it'll be great. We're excited. You know, and I saw that my Ava guy, I coached his uncle. I hated that kid when I first sat him a USC kid, a little captain.


Remember he could walk under this table right here. He's Doing a fucking bit Like, oh man, He's dominating every inch of that stage All over this kid during the OTAs. Like, man, this guy man, you gotta run to cover guy. Anyway, so then I'm like, Hey guys, going on vacation with the family, going out to Hawaii, going to Maui. I've never been to Maui. I I run things in Oahu, but I'm like, I'm gonna go to Maui to support. Hey Rob, you get in any kind trouble now you just tell him, you know Kalus. I'm like, bitch. Yeah, I'm tell him I know Kalus Here.


This is a press call. I out there. He's, He's pacing around like Chris Rock. Oh, We gotta have a romantic evening go out there. No rent a car. What do you mean you never called for the rent a car? I told you she's Greek. I'm like, yeah, they must have lost it. So of course I forgot to call. Now they're out of cars. I'm in Maui. They got no car. So what do I do? I know Kalus. I got a car. Oh you know Kalus. Swear to God Handed God Bruce, that's Kalus my man.


Anyway, I ended up loving the kid. He was, oh man, is he me as a rattlesnake. There's a reason why that kid was captain with all those first round draft choices. I love that guy. Ended up looks can be deceiving. That's So good. There were like nine times in that, in that one story where I was like, please, please stop talking because you're about to say something that's gonna get you in trouble. Big trouble. I Don't, I mean that was just, I love him so much. Yeah. He was just pacing the whole stage. We're talking rent to cars in Maui. I know. Kalus. Yeah. So if you're in Maui, just say, hey, I know Kalus tougher than a rattlesnake. Oh man. Yeah. So that would be fun having Rob Ryan in the USC. I'm excited. We got Ron Rivera going back to school too. Oh, he's going to what? Cal right?


Oh, he's gonna be consulting to the GM at Cal. I love it. So he told the text that he sent to Adam Schaffer was, it was, going back to school is cool again. Bill Belichick taught me that. So I'm going back to school. Ah, very cool Ron. Very cool. Do we think Josh isn't gonna win the MVP? Right? It's gonna be Lamar. Yeah. I don't know. It's like 50 50 right now. I'm not gonna be mad like Lamar deserves it as much as Josh. But it would be cool if Josh Won. I, I would like to see Josh win just because Josh would win. Seeing the story with Josh and like being, you know, around him enough. Yeah. Over all these years. It'd be very cool to see that after everyone doubted him. So I, in my heart I would like that.


But my wallet wants Lamar very badly. Yeah. Okay. Shoot. And if I get Lamar 15 grand No dos no dos. If they let me put that in, do you think they'll let me bet that? Yeah. Why not? Yeah, I think they will. They should. No, you no, I'm just shaking my head like, you shouldn't do that. But F why? Well, what Happened to that? It's such a dumb be You should, It's easy. It's electric for the foot for the Gambling. It's an investment. Hank. Yeah, it's a 10% overnight investment. It only didn't hit last time 'cause of a fluke. But what happened? Okay, there were, I think there were seven. No, there were eight kicks. It was like the first kick of the game. There were eight. No, that's not true. P ft. I got your back Here. There were like eight kicks in the last game. Seven of them did not hit the uprights.


What are, that's like 85%. No, no, no, no, No. Hey, We'll get to it later. But we had a really fun friendly competition the other night where we all competed and, and did different activities. Throwing. Kicking. You were really good. How are you? How was I Did you make all your kicks? I did not make all my Kicks. What happened on the one you missed? Oh, it was barefoot and I kicked it and I doned it. Hmm. Does that mean you got the to outta the way? Does that means less likely that these are gonna do I'm with PFT. PFT. I will. Yeah. How many kicks? Eight. How many kicks did you hit? Fuck it. You know What, I seven outta 10 And Oh, you're gonna bet To know Dawn too. I'm bet know Foxhole. It's only right because the last time this was the Super Bowl.


You got my foxhole. I'm gonna get you your foxhole. I appreciate that. Here's the whatever. You Bet. I'm gonna bet exact amount I wanna bet against it, but I Can't like just prepare it. You should, you should bet against it. Yeah. You know you're going to anyways. I have A Lamar future as well and I might put all that on Donk. Yeah. You know you're going, you know you're going to, Oh, we got a Donk off. All right. So hey Cat, let me prepare you for what you're gonna experience with a no Donks bet. Don't do this Every single time. Don't do this. Josh is gonna win anyway. It doesn't matter. Josh Win anyway. Every single time someone scores a touchdown, you're gonna hope to God they go for two for some reason, first of all. Yeah. Then when they line up to kick your butt hole is gonna shrink up to about the size of an electron. Okay. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm just gonna, he doesn't want, I'm just, he doesn't Want it. He doesn't want the smoke.


No, I'm I I haven't got to the good part yet. Okay. But I would you rather me bet the exact same amount as you or just be all in with you? Just just be all in. You don't have To the same all root for you. I'm gonna root for this. I'm gonna root for this fucking loser. Do not put 15. It's not for the faint of heart. I already have that. I've already got that put away for tales anyway. Bet a little bit on it. But yeah. And then after the ball goes through or misses and doesn't hit the upright, it's a great feeling because statistically it should. It's a good investment. Yeah. But You just have to be prepared. What statistics back to Go through Hell. I'm gonna be rooting like hell with you. Dons dos are are very rare. They're more rare than you think. You only hear about dos. 'cause every time it happens, the NFL has put microphones closer and closer to upright make, Hey, put your money where your mouth is.


Sound bigger i'll And then everybody in the world tweets donk at the same time. That's why, why you think it happens all the Time. Come on, put your money where your mouth as And Lamar wins. I will Do it. I will do it anyway. It's great odds. Yeah. Plus 500, right? Do it anyway. Good luck.


Alright, let's do our favorite props and any other breakdown of the big game is brought to you by DraftKings. This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl is Super Bowl 59 in DraftKings sports book and official sports betting partner. Super Bowl 59 has something you don't want to miss. DraftKings has been The number one place to bet touchdowns all season long. And if you thought that wouldn't continue for the last game of the year, you thought wrong. All DraftKings customers can place any touchdown bet on Super Bowl 59 and get it matched as a bonus bet in the amount of your original bet Max reward varies. It's the last chance to bet on the NFL this season. Download the Drafting sports book app use code. Take that's code. Take place any touchdown bet on Super Bowl 59 and get it matches a bonus bet in the amount of your original bet. Only on drafting sports book The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One bonus bet per customer based on amounts of initial touchdown bet maximum reward varies. Bonus bet expires 2 16 25 at 11:59 PM Eastern Time. Four additional terms or responsible gaming resources. eSports book dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, boys, let's break down this game a little bit. I I like Hank, have a future on the Eagles. I'm not gonna cash out. I think the Eagles are the better team. I'm so, so afraid of Patrick Mahomes and the history that they're going for. I do think though the Eagles defense is the best unit that he's gonna face in probably yeah. I mean in the playoffs. And then, oh man, those big boys on the Eagles offensive Line. They gotta just do work Max. They gotta do work. I really do think this, I know it's very r reductive to say, but like Jalen Hurtz has to play great.


Yes. Because the, because the chiefs, if, if he makes any mistakes, the chiefs will capitalize and they'll win the game. And we'll all be sitting here being like, how'd this happen again? Jalen Hurst has to play the game of his life. Disagree with that. Okay. I think he needs to make plays when plays need to be made, but he doesn't need to like for 300 yards. But What about making plays when plays don't need to be made? Because sometimes that's the best play. Like, like I think that like he's gonna need to hit a hit a big third and long to like keep a drive going Max. Like he's gonna need to make Clutch plays. But I don't think he needs to have this huge stat sheet game because the recipe to winning is to go up and then use Saquon twice the game.


Is a punt a bad thing for you guys? Yes. Do you need to Score? All Right. What, who give me your top four things you're scared about. On the chief side. Patrick Mahomes. Patrick Mahomes. Patrick Mahomes. Patrick Mahomes. Oh, that's it. Andy Reed. Not Andy Reed. Chris Jones fag. Chris Jones Doesn't care about Chris Jones. Trent McDuffy. But like Patrick Mahomes is so much scarier than everyone car. I would be scared. Chris Jones is scary. I'd be scared of Andy Reed. I'd be scared of Spags. I'd be scared of Chris Jones. McDuffy. McDuffy. But he's, he's just one guy we have like, I understand, but We have so many other guys.


I'd Be scared of like Harrison. Bucker Jones Is really good. Our interior offensive lines very good. Harrison Bucker iss a very, very good kicker. Harrison Bucker. Okay. Forgot about him. I I'm not, you just, I don't, I I'm not He's a good kicker. He can hit a long kick. He's He's a very good kicker. But if you go into a game and you're scared of the kicker that like that's, I know I'm saying like in an end of game situation. Yeah, But that's more get's getting to that Situation. 57 yard fuel goal. He can probably make that. But I'm more scared of Patrick Mahomes getting them into that situation. Okay. So he's like, he makes Patrick Mahomes more powerful. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Did you guys hear what longtime Eagles fan? Diehard Eagles fan coworker all business.


Pete said No. He said, I can't believe the sound got fucked up again. Okay. No, he actually said that he feels in his balls Eagles by 20, But he doesn't have balls. He got That's true. He Got cut off. I kind of do too. You Do. Just hearing the, The actual football guys that we've been around, they just keep talking about talent, talent, talent, talent. This is a very good Eagles team And yeah. So yeah. PFT Likes the chiefs though. I Also think that Chiefs have, I I just, chiefs are the worst Respect, greatness. Good Team of all time. Team stinks. I I want to respect greatness. I Don't think this team stinks. Like need They got bailed out by the refs.


Well, I, I know I need you to take the Chiefs is what I'm, I need you to like The chiefs. No, I'm saying I want to respect greatness. Yeah. And what I saw, especially last week in the championship game, a team win by 30 points and the championship game. That's a great team. Great. And you have to respect greatness. So I've been Better about the chiefs than I have all week. I have put it up. Ego. Sorry. Oops. All the logos for Pardon My Take. Birds. No, I'm birds. Memes. You birds. Birds Baby. No means I've been Yelling board Birds. Shane, Shane. Chiefs birds. Shane's not chiefs. Hates. Hates. He's Mahome.


Yeah, he's anti Mahome. He's a Chargers fan. Ian, chief Homophobic Are you the chiefs are eagles. The eagle should win, but Whew. Okay. So he eagle Should win here. Okay, well that sounds like birds all across. I I think the birds are gonna win, but I'm gonna bet on Mahomes. But for the record, I'm picking the birds. Wait, no, no. You're be Betting if you're betting On I'm Bett on the Chiefs. Oh, So then you're picking Some chiefs. No, but no, you're picking some I'm betting, I'm betting on the chief, but I'm picking the eagles. No, what's so hard to understand about that? It almost passes because of how cool that candle hat is. But no, you, Well you don't get to tell me what to do.


I you can't. I would, the the fucking graphic that we're gonna make is gonna say no Bird, bird. It's gonna be our picks are picking to win the game. Who we have money on. This Is the picks and preview segment Of, of the show. Your pick is what you put money on. Caesar. My pick is none your business. I want the bird on the graphic. Okay. I'm, I'm taking chase. Jesus, Jane. No, listen, you have to respect greatness. I respect greatness. Yeah. Listen, I've, we've had this conversation. I mean, you, I, if, if I didn't have this future, I probably would would just be like, fuck it. It's Mahomes game because last year was the easiest Super Bowl I've watched where it's like, I don't care. Home's gonna win.


Birds. I'm talking it's birds. Birds. It's gotta be birds. Birds are a better team. Birds. They're gonna win. And Max is gonna finally have his moment in the sun. The trenches are healthy, the trenches and on Sunday night, The trenches. Alright, favorite props. So yes, say the props that you like, but then you gotta pick one that we're gonna put all together. Okay. Tails is obviously my first pick of the game. And then the other one I feel very strongly about. This won't be in the parlay unless someone else picks it over 52 and a half yards for Dallas Godard. Okay. So those are, those are the two that I really like. I also did bet Saquon over longest rush.


24 and a half. I think it might be 25 and a half. I bet it literally right after the championship game, which I actually don't even like it that much anymore. But guess what, it's already been Bet. So we're gonna ride it. What do you guys like? I Like, I like Jalen Hertz over 38 and a half yards rushing. Mm. I like Patrick Mahomes over 29 and a half yards rushing. Okay. And then I saw one earlier, I'm trying to track it down again. It was Saquon Barkley to have a certain amount of yards per quarter and every quarter. Oh I forget what that number was, but I remember seeing it and looking at it and thinking to myself, oh yeah. Oh yeah. And I like flea flicker plus two 50. Okay. I also like Travis Kel to score a touchdown.


I think he's gonna score a touchdown. Hank, I like the flea flicker. That would be my pick for the parlay if he would Allow it. Okay. I, my pick was gonna be over two and a half pass players to have a pass attempt. Do you not want me to put that in there? Do you want me to put Dallas Scott in there instead? I don't Mind. Whatever you wanna do. Whatever you feel best About because that's what, that's my favorite be every Super Bowl over two and a half players to attempt a pass. But we can do flea flicker instead. 'cause those are kind of similar. Well it's just like Fleet's better odds though. Yeah. Yeah. Fleet flicker is not crazy odds. Yeah. Yeah, it's, it's similar in the fact that it's like kind of two trick play ish Play. Well another trick we're looking for two trick plays.


I know this wouldn't, this wouldn't be for the parlay but a one I like. 'cause I feel like Andy Reed dials he up in the Super Bowl, we talked about it a lot. About how he's got, you know, these, these plays in the vault. Only see him in the Super Bowl. Any offensive lineman to score a touchdown plus 1600. I like that a lot. Because when we talked to Lane Johnson, I don't know if you picked up on this, but we said like, what if you caught a pass? He's like me. No, not me. Like they might Yep. Be looking at somebody else that could get a touchdown. Yep. I like over 11 and a half longest punt return. Oh that's fun. Whoa. And I like, where's that in the Draftking sports book somewhere? Because I did bet I did bet over, or sorry, a kick to be turned.


Turned for a touchdown on a kickoff. That's 22 to one. I would say sprinkle at at most on that. I just, that was more of a stay woke. They're gonna try to get one. And this is, this is, this goes to the talent, this goes to the birds and, but the, the chiefs can help out too. Over three and a half. Total number of three and ounces in the game. Okay. Mm. I hate that bet four. You Just, what's the odds? Yeah, That's like sucks. But yeah. Minus 1 0 5, That's so many. Three and ounces. Four. Three an ounce. It's More Than three. Okay. I Found, I found that be at Saquon Barkley to have 10 plus rushing yards in each quarter.


Mm. Minus one 50. Mm. Okay. Alright. So yeah, let's put, let's put this parlay together. So I'll go, I'll go to Dallas Gotter over 52 and a half yards. Okay. Okay. So that'll be my pick in this. Do you wanna put it together in your phone real quick? I also, this is not for the parlay, but I also like Xavier Worthy's yards over because I think he's just been getting a shitload of targets. Alright. Hank, what's your pick? Flea flicker. Flea flicker and then PFT. I'll do Mahomes rushing yards 29 and a half over. Okay. I like that. I like that. Alright. You putting it together here Maxi. I'm trying. It's hard. It's hard to find them so quickly.


Alright, I'll do it. Why don't you just worry about what your pick is gonna Be. My pick, my pick has been Devonte Smith 50 plus yards. Okay, so Patrick Mahomes over 29 and a half you said? Yep. PFT. Yep. All right. And Devonte Smith is over. How many yards? I Did 50 plus, but I'll take like whatever. 52 and a half. Okay. Alright. So right now it's plus 500 and you might hank, we might not be able to use yours in a parlay. Jalen Carter one sack. Okay, love It. Okay. Is it over a half a sac? Yeah, It's one plus Sacks. Jalen Carter.


Okay. Okay. One plus 12 to one. Okay, so here it is for the people. Go about it in the, now this is too much. Oh no, we have one chiefs. It's Dallas. Got over 52 and a half yards. Jalen Carter won Sack. Devonte Smith over 52 and a half receiving yards. Patrick Mahomes over 29 and a half rushing yard. Love that. I love it. Love the one. I feel really good about it. Alright Max, before we get to our interviews, which are incredible, we have Jason Kelsey and Chris Berman. Awesome. Awesome. Interviews. Final score prediction of the week. 26, 21 Eagles. Whoa. Whoa. You went down. What Happened? It's gonna be a closer game. No, it's gonna be a dog fight. Wait, So you went, you went 32, 34.


34. Now down to 26. Yeah. Oh no. Why's that? Eagles. Eagles always has gotten worse as the weeks going. No, you just have to respect the chiefs. Okay. You have to Respect the chiefs. 26 21. So that's a one score game. Does Patrick Holmes have the Ball? No, he back doors it into the one score game. Oh, okay. So it's 26 14 And then they go get, they go for the onside kick. It's a really good onside kick. And you think that they're gonna get it, but the Eagles get it. Holy Shit. That's, That would be amazing. I feel like we've had a lot of good Super Bowls recently. I hope we get another one. I don't know if we will. We will. So I think it might be a blowout. So Which Actually, which side?


I just think it might be a blowout. Which side? I Think the Chiefs Or the Eagles. I think the Chiefs might stomp him. Oh man. No, too much talent. Just Remember this. I mean remember this, put Him on a list. He just, he's a guy who just got stomped. So Yeah. Put him on list. Think might get Stomp, Huh? Put him on A list. No. Yeah, he is on the list. Okay. No, I'm not. You haven't given us a list update. I, I don't think you have the list anymore. No. People have been giving the eagles more respect this week. Which I don't. Which I don't like as much. I'm doing you a favor. Yeah, Yeah, you are. You are, you are, you are, You're a Friend. Okay. We will, we will be streaming the Super Bowl from the gambling cave. Max will be at the Super Bowl. Don't worry. Max will be on no matter what win or lose.


We have all the setups, so we'll have, we'll have good audio, good video. There'll also be plenty of clips from the game. Plenty Of clips from the game that we'll tweet out. And your setup on Sunday night will be, it'll be an actual camera with good audio equipment, right? Yeah. Alright. So you, it won't be like a Zoom. I mean It will be Zoom, but it'll be very, it'll be good. Riverside, Riverside Professional Mike. Webcam. Webcam. Okay. Love it. That's What that what I, yeah, we're gonna Cole Max and possibly Rone and Ronan. Yeah. And Ronan. Okay. Let's do our interviews. We have an awesome interview with Jason Kelsey, then Chris Berman.


Before We get to Jason. Kelsey's brought to you by truly hard seltzer, brand new partnership with truly could not be more excited. I just had a strawberry smash. Delicious, refreshing. The Berry blast is also awesome. Truly hard seltzers. The truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer. It breaks all the rules. Drinks light, party's hard. No better drink for Nola than a truly hard seltzer. The unruly boys are getting unruly and it's all thanks to our good friends at truly, they come in four fresh flavors. Tropical Twist, Berry blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash. It's the official hard seltzer of, Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com. Drink a drink a strawberry smash and tell 'em Big Cat sent you. There you go, Because that's my favorite. And now Jason Kelsey.


Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very, very special guest. It is Super Bowl Champion Six time all pro. You're not leading off the podcasters. Think it's seven, seven time all pro. I know. It's seven Pro Bowls. Six time All pro. Six time all Pro. Let's just let you talk. Seven, seven Pro Bowls. Future Hall of Famer. Yeah. Oh, I like that. Yeah. Yeah. It's Jason Kelsey. So, so you just have accepted like, Hey, I can't wait for my five years and they're gonna knock on my door. I don't know about the Hall of Fame. Yeah, You're a Hall of Famer. I don't, yeah. I, I don't know. We'll find out. I think it's, it feels weird to think of yourself in that way.


I don't know what I don't, I, yeah. I, I don't know. Alright. You know what, what, why don't we do this as first reported by, Pardon My Take. Jason Kelsey's in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Congratulations. Thanks Guys. Congrats. So when that day happens, you have to thank us first. Okay. Because We were the first to have it. You Know what I mean? It seems only fair When they do your bust. Are you gonna want the, the big hair? I, I don't, do you get to choose the actual I think you do. You, that would feel right. You, You sit down and then somebody comes in and like paints your face or does whatever. I don't know how they do it with a sculpting, but yeah. I think you get to choose the era of look that you have. So you could be like, yeah, gimme the, gimme The lines. The long hair Would be good. I'm gonna, I'm gonna take my max era. Yeah, the Long hair. Hair. Yes. Long hair.


Yes. This is Max is very good In this hypothetical world. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So Super Bowl week. Yeah. Is this one a little weird for you? Because, well obviously because your brother's on the Chiefs and the Eagles are your family, but is it weird that you're like, man, I kind of wish I was getting out there with the boys. Yeah. I mean, you always wish you could get out there with the boys. I don't know that over go away. Yeah. But it's certainly during a Super Bowl it gets magnified and obviously just one year away, I'm still really close with all these guys. Right. So yeah, I, I would love to go out there and play. But How many snaps could you give him right now? How many snaps could, could I do? You're, You're looking good. I, it looks like you've lost some weight.


Chris Jones might like DDT me into like the ether. Yeah. Yeah. But you could give him a snap. I could then I'd be out immediately. Yeah. But no, it's, I don't know how many I could go, I think going before the season, it's hard to envision like, doing anything. Yeah. And then once you get to this point, it's like I can, adrenaline could get me through something. Yeah. I think every former player like thinks that to a degree. Yeah. But then I'd be curious to see what actually would happen if I went out on the field. It, It's interesting 'cause I was reading an article last night from your former teammates and I feel like, tell me if I'm wrong, but you played for so long, but for like the last three or four years, it felt like every year you were like, this might be it For sure.


Like, I might, so you were kind of contemplating retirement for essentially the back third of your career. Yeah. I mean, I made a whole documentary that lasted three years thinking about retiring. I think it's, playing football is really hard. Playing offensive lines really hard. And the physical toll takes on you. I think you, it's, it, it, it's something that you really have to like, disconnect from the season and be like, okay, do I wanna do this for another year? At least once you get older, that's the way I did it. Lane's fully on board with playing another year. I already saw the press conference fired up about that. We were with him yesterday. He, yeah, he promised that he was playing another year. And I, and he should, he can tell he's still playing at a really high level. He's still dominating. And then I think at some point you realize that your body is like barely hanging on, you know, like, okay, how much longer do I wanna do this?


Yeah. And I did that for about three years longer than, yeah. It is a testament to you because you, it feels like when you look at your career, you got better as the years went on and some of your best football was in your thirties. Yeah. What was that? Was that just figuring out the game? Was it figuring out your body? Like what, what made it so that you got that much better as you kept on going? Yeah, I think a lot of it, you know, the center position you can get by more with tricks of the trade and like kind of just understanding things and accelerating that a little bit. I think some positions like tackle, you gotta be like, man Mountain Dean out there to go block miles Garrett. I was not blocking Miles Garrett often. Right. Right.


So I think when you're in the middle of it, you can use like calls and different things that, you know, put the line or you in a better situation and you understand technique more. So that helps you play at a higher level, even though physically you're nowhere near the player you are. And that's where it's like for the last three years, I could feel myself physically deteriorating, but like on the play, like I'm still playing at a high level. Right. So it's this weird thing. It's like, I don't know when this physical deterioration iss gonna catch up. Right. But it feels like it's like catching up now. Right. And that's kind of what leads to those years of, you know, what am I gonna do next year? Yeah. So from the center position, what kind of level of detail do you, do you have to put in going up against Spags spas, especially in a big game like this, because he, I always loved going up against Spags.


I mean, another guy who's actually in college now, wig Martindale used to be able to give blitzes from any direction. And Spags is gonna put a safety down week. He's gonna rotate it all the way to make it look like there's no chance the nickel's coming. There's no chance the corner's coming. And then all of a sudden it's gonna rotate the other way and they're gonna come, or you're gonna think you got 'em and you do have 'em. And then they know you got 'em and they're gonna flip the blitz and then they're bringing it the other way. So there's like this cat and mouse game that's going on with Spags. It'll be zone pressures, overloads to a side. It'll be, you know, single dog pressures that are like run stoppers, be zero blitzes. Especially in gotta have it scenarios.


I mean, that blitz that he pulled out against. Yeah. The bills. The bills. Everybody's talking about it. I mean, I still have nightmares for that. When he was with the Giants and they did it with the coroner 'cause it was a condensed split. But he used to do the same thing with Landon Collins. Put 'em down on the line. They have this, these standup guys over here to the right. And you'd have to guess like, it's like, okay, either the safety and it's coming from the weak side here, or he is gonna overload you over here and if the center's going the wrong way, you're gonna be hot. Yeah. And that's where like, you know, the quarterback has to be firmly ready to throw the ball if you are wrong. Right. And that's hard when you're in a situation like a third and long, because typically the hot answer's not gonna pick up a first down.


Yeah. And he knows that. So it's, I love that cat and mouse gamma going against spags and you're trying to get any little tail. It's like, all right, if the safety's like inside the end, he dr. He bails if the safety, if if the nickel's pressed, he's coming and then over years they realize they have towels. And I dunno, it's just a, a fun part of it for sure. W was when you have a situation like that and you guessed wrong, do you know instantly you're like, oh Fuck. You know, right away you're like, fuck I, I, you know, right away sometimes, even if you guess wrong, you like, you're like pop out. You're like, fuck, I'm just gonna try and bail and get something on this guy in here. Yeah. Find someone because he is screwed right now. Yeah. So typically, you know, right away. Yeah. So once, once these guys drop and this line starts slanting this way, you know, they're bringing it to the field.


Yeah. What's the, the 10 seconds like as you get up to the ball and you're like scanning the field and you have to figure out protection, all that stuff. Yeah. Like what, how do you process that? Where does, where do your eyes go first? What do You think about, so the first thing you're trying to pick up, and this is before you break broken the huddle is what's the down and distance? And based on that and kind of your pre-work, you're already in a mode of like, these are the pressures they kind of like, right. First and 10, second and 10 run situations are gonna be in this world third and long. Then you're getting ready for the exotics. And then with a guy like spas, certain parts of the field, he'll just whip a wood zero out and it might not even be a tail. Like he, he's gonna give one or two a game where you're not ready for it at all.


And you're just gonna have, he's gonna see how you're gonna respond. Right. But you're breaking the huddle, thinking about the down the distance, engaging the personnel that they have on the field. They have three down linemen, four down linemen. Are they in nick or are they in dime? And sometimes that stuff will give you little breaks into like the pressures that they're like out of those situations. And then once you get up there, you're IDing where people are. Is it a shell with two safeties back? Is it a single high with the safety down on the line of scrimmage is the nickel to the field way off the ball. Hopefully you get a double count, but then they kind of know you're double counting. But then you can get a tell, somebody will start trying to go back early or something like that.


And then you can get a, a tell like that. But that's kind of the process. And then my whole job is to try and set the protection, the center going, the direction of where the most guys could potentially come. Yeah. Because the running back can scan. So the only way a six man pro, and this is what you're generally in for the majority of, you know, third and along situations, the only way a six man pro is gonna get beat is if they bring two to the side the backs, or two away from where the center's going. Yeah, Yeah. And a Ford on front this. That's Good. Sorry. I know that shit. I like this. We don't, we don't know about this as fans sometimes. Sure. And I, I don't know, maybe it, it sounds like you really put yourself into, you know, dedicating your, you're like, you know, prep to this type of, of like understanding and you know, your routine that you have to get in.


Yeah. Do you think there's some sinners in the NFL that just go up there and they're like, oh fuck, I have no idea. I'm just gonna try to kill the guy that's closest to me. I, I think probably not anybody who has no idea. Hopefully nobody that has no idea what's happening and they're gonna kill somebody. I think the position requires a little bit more than that mentally to be good. 'cause part of it's not even just one of the things I loved about centers, it's not just your job. You're responsible for helping other guys play better by just making a call. You can make the quarterback better situated. You can make the right guard in a better position to block whoever. Right? Yeah. And you need to embrace that to be a good center, in my opinion. But I think there's differing degrees of control that centers have.


I had a lot in Philadelphia and that got built up over a decade plus of playing there. When I first got there, Michael Vick controlled the vast majority of it. And I was like, Hey, I'm gonna start this with like, what the rule in the playbook is. We're gonna go to the mic and Vic's gonna do everything off of that. And then my next year they give you a little bit more like, all right. 'cause it's hard, it's hard for the quarterback to know all of those different fronts and everything. They can read coverages and all that other stuff. So the best situation is when the quarterback and center are on the same page. They've talked all week and they know, you know what each person's looking for. Yeah. And I think that the older you get as a center, the more leeway you get in helping the quarterback out.


'cause that's at the end of the day, our whole job. Yeah. And I mean, you won a, a part of your career that was so incredible is the amount of games that you played not missing a lot of time. Yeah. I think it was, what, 150 starts in a row? Something like that. It's, It feels like, you know, my career actually better than I do. But my question to you is that, you know, we, we talk about offensive line play all the time. And a team gets ravaged by injury and they're shifting guys. And even like the Chiefs right now, Joe Thys going from guard ship Jack. Shout Out to Joe too, man. That's Yeah. Incredible. Fucking insane. So how long, like, at what point do you, when you're working with people, do you feel like, all right, I know what they're gonna do. We can all this, the, the sum of the parts becomes even better because we all know each other so well And we can team block here.


Versus when someone gets thrown in and you're like, all right, fuck, we're kind of, this is gonna hurt us here. I think it depends on how many new guys there are. There's a level of communication that's verbal, but there's also a level of communication that you kind of just understand. And that's kinda like where Pat and Travis are on that page. Right. Where like, at this point don't even need to tell each other. Like, this guy's outside leverage on this play. I know Travis is gonna do this even though nobody, he and I haven't even talked about this. Right. We just know it's gonna happen. Right. And offensive lines the same way. You know, it's like, okay, when this look happens, I know my right guard's gonna do this. Isaac say Miles is gonna do that. And then when Isaac's not in and there's a new guy, you have to over communicate.


Yeah. What's about to happen. That makes sense. And that's hard to anticipate when there's a new guy in there. Yeah. But generally like if there's two new guys on a side, that's when I get a little bit concerned. Yeah. Like if you plug a guy in just at one person aside, generally that communication gets ironed out because there's like continuity between the center and that side. Yeah. When there's two new guys in a row, it's like, okay, now we got some R room for some communication to break down Here. Yeah. And that's all it takes is a little communication in your Fault makes a big deal. I mean half of you know, the run game, passing game, half of it is just like everybody being on the same page. Yeah. If you're not on the same page and the run game, you're, you're pretty much fucked.


If you're not on the same page in the past game, you're fucked. So like that's the most important thing. Yeah. If to offensive line play or really offensive football. Yeah. How, how bad was the turf in the 2022 Super Bowl? It's pretty bad. Yeah. But We, we did an investigation. You guys got screwed. You did father. Yeah. The sod father. He was at work tentacles run. You should just bring that up to Travis Like go figure. Yeah, I got one over you. He's just like the sod father got one over you. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. I didn't lose the Travis Kian the chiefs. He Lost the sod father. I think he got a ring. Yeah. It's okay to say. Yeah. Max is just viciously shaking his head right now. I'm, You know. Yeah. I think our D-line was, was hindered quite a bit.


Yeah. But so was Chris Jones so I wasn't complaining. Well No, they knew the odd father worked for the chief. So they knew they were wearing the right spikes. They slipped a bunch as well. Okay. On the defense, here's the thing, a bad field is to the advantage of an offensive line because the defensive line are the ones like really trying to get a good get off on the ball. So multiple times like their D line slipping too. Now I happen to think like, you know, so Reddick's like major move was taken away because of the way that grass was. Like he's a heavy bend the edge type rusher and that kind of got neutralized Hargrave really good. Get off quick Twitch guy, it's gonna hurt guys like that. Right.


Right. So I had, so yeah, so I played Chris Jones in that. I also played End Dominic and Sue and Nick Farley in the snow in Philadelphia. Oh yeah. Love that. Yeah. I played in Dominic Sue like four years later when he was with Miami or something like that. Maybe it was actually just two years after that. Two or three years. And it was a significantly different end. Dominic Sue. Yeah. Good field for sure. Yeah. Who was, who was the toughest, who's the guy who gave you the most problems? So you were like, you know, I, I know I'm, I'm a all pro. I know I'm a really good center. But yeah, something about him. There's a lot of guys that, yeah, I mean I think the best player I ever played against with Aaron Donald for sure. Luckily he chose to, you know, be a nightmare for the guard more than he was for the center.


So I didn't have to deal with it too much. But he was a freak for me. Specifically Dexter Lawrence in the second half of my career was a nightmare in New York. He still is. I see. I see him now. Like I can't believe I used to have to like try and like block that guy. He's fucking enormous. Like he is. And he's not even like big, like when I first came in the league, like Vince Wilfork was like the big guy. Yeah. Ada. Yeah. Big gut. Helo nada. Yeah. But like Dexter's, like he almost looks like a basketball player. Just like ballooned up, like he's like an athlete Athlete. Yeah. Looking. That's crazy. But he's, he was great. Still is snacks Harrison, who probably, if you're not a Giants fan, you might not even know.


Yeah. But he was really good. I was always for some reason, like not the best guys sometimes gave me issue. Like Puna Ford, I don't know if you're familiar. Yeah. Backup nose guards sometimes gave me like the most fits outta buddy Who's listen to this right now. He's like, what the fuck man. I know. But Puna, well he started in Seattle, played really good this year. Kind of like a down year in Buffalo. Yeah. Did before. But he had longer arms than me and he's shorter than me. So like for me it's like, all right, at least when I play a bigger guy, I can get up up under him. I can win the leverage battle. And then if I play a shorter guy, I was like, okay, at least I have longer arms. So like when you play somebody shorter with longer arms, like I've negated every technical advantage I have. Yeah. I have no mass advantage.


So it's like, I'm kind of That's a great answer. Yeah. Pona Ford. Yeah. Puno gave a Kelsey Stopper. He was, I hated black pno. I love that. So, so with the, the last Super Bowl, I'm more interested in how you went about scheduling the next podcast after that. Mm. Like who sent the first text and it's like, hey, It's probably intern Brandon. We should probably record In a very softly worded. Yeah. Like, Hey guys ready. Not sure if you guys are aware, but we have the podcast recording coming up. Yeah. I mean I was ready to do it. It sucked. It was the worst podcast for me. So Yeah. Losing a Super Bowl that you're playing in is by far the worst feeling imaginable.


'cause you takes so much to get there. One of these teams gonna be fucking heartbroken. Right. That's why we, That's why I'm like a weird situation again where like there's a lot of people I care about on both sides and you know, that somebody's just gonna be like absolutely fucking devastated. Right. And it's like on some level, like you almost wish you lose the championship round or some other round. Yeah, it was great. It was great for me this year. I love it. Thank you. Yeah. Well and the commanders, they're playing with house money this year. There's like zero expectations of that Happening. Yeah. Okay. So I get the house money argument, but at the same time there's a lot of guys that get to the NFC championship or a FC championship that don't get back. So it's like when you're there you wanna win. But I am glad that we got our ass kicked. That's way better than, than losing Those games.


Almost like Yeah. You lose on a call or Yeah. The bills. Yeah. Every Time. The, it's funniest thing. 'cause the year we won, the Brent Seig actually started that year out Sandy, he went to the NFC championship second year in the league. It was either first or second year and he just thought he'd go back. Right. Like every year. And then it took him all the way to like year 13 or whatever it was. 11 to get back to the Super Bowl. So yeah. Don't take it for granted when it's there. It's hard to get those teams together. It really is. Unless you have like a perennial quarterback, which I Hope maybe Yeah. He Look pretty good this year. Yeah. I don't wanna drink something. Yeah. He's pretty fucking awesome After a a bad loss.


What's the timeframe for like friends and family to text you? Because we, you know, we're, we've been lucky enough to do this a long time that we know a bunch of these guys. Yeah. And I always am like, I usually give it a week. 'cause like, I don't, I don't know how like if you text someone like a day later, like, Hey man, that sucked Day later is good. You think so? I feel like 'cause everybody's texting them the day of Yeah. Day of is wrong. The day of. It's like, first of all, it's a lot of texts happening. Yeah. You're still like pissed off and don't want to respond to anybody. Right. Next day's a good text. Okay. Because emotions have kind of come down. So like, what's the stages of grief? You're like in That Denial. Denial. Yeah. Denial is happening the first day. Yeah.


Second. What's second stage? Maybe acceptance. Yeah. Think you've started. Oh, That's probably at the end, right? Acceptance Is the end. Yeah. There's Anger Anger's in there. Anger is definitely the first day as Well. Yeah. Bargaining. Yeah. Bargaining. Bargaining happens Bad. Yeah. So father, Because you start thinking about like, all bargaining in, in, in like the stages of grief for the Super Bowl loss is like, man, if I just would've did this or if I would've did that. And that's what's happening really. Especially the second day because you're like, God damn, I could've won the Super Bowl if I just would've done this. Right. Like, if I would just would've did that. We would be Super Bowl champions and everybody was like, Mark Andrews is doing that with the, the loss this year in the playoffs. Right? Yeah. And he does it the negates everything else he's done for the entire season. Right. His entire existence is a raven.


It comes, he's like thinking about that and every Other mistake I've there and everyone else made in that game, Everybody's thinking about it. So just don't make the last mistake. Yeah. That's that's a big one. Yeah. That's, that's everybody remembers. Yeah. Like Yeah. Everybody remembers Bradford with the holding call on Juju Smith in our last Super Bowl. Yep. They don't remember me fucking up a blitz, you know, on third and five Right. Or whatever. Right. And Sounds like you remember That. Oh, I remember it, it haunts me very much this day. We're doing some bargaining right now. Yeah. Fucking spags. Yeah. So I've been bargaining for that for a long time. But I think so that next day text Okay. Is, is good to distract that person's mind from thinking about all that. Yeah. Because I don't know, I mean that's just, it's, it's gotta be.


And then the element of Travis, has he rubbed it in your face at all? He's been a good brother. He has not rubbed it in my face. He, at some point Would you have rubbed it in his face? Huh? I don't think I would. No. Come On. I mean, you're the older brother. You can kind of, I think, well, lemme put now being on this side of it, I definitely would not do it. Right. Had I never experienced what it feels like to lose a Super Bowl, I still don't think I would've done it, man. Okay. It's it's a freaking downer. It's a big one. Yeah. But if, if you had played another year and then you somehow beat the Chiefs in the Super Bowl, then you would rub that in his face for sure. 'cause for he only got one on you. Yeah. If we were one-on-one, I would Then, then it's like all fair play. Yeah, for Sure. Would fly. Yeah. That Makes sense. I I it's really hard to rub something in Travis's face when he is better in like every facet of the career you chose to go Into.


Okay. When you put it that way. Okay. Okay. You're a much better dresser than he is. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. You can drink more beer than him I assume. I actually, I, you know what? He can down some beers. Really? Yeah. Shit. He's very good. You gotta have something. I think I always can hang my hat that I'm the older brother. Yeah. Your mom's gotta love you the most. The mom definitely loves Travis more. Shit. We got nothing. God damnit. This came across my timeline the other day. This is Travis back in like 2015, maybe 2016. Do you remember this? When he went through like his kind of meth era? What is that? I know. It's like he's going to like a shop class. Look at that. Yeah. That's crazy. I protective whatever.


He's that buny burner out. Yeah. I mean, Trav has always had some pretty amazing style. Yeah. But yeah. So you, you were just saying earlier how, you know, getting away from the NFL, you weren't sure if your body could do it. It's a lot of pain, a lot of, a lot of stuff that, you know, aches every single day. Is it harder being a podcaster though? Yeah. My back, my back hurts. Way more podcasting. Yeah. Yep. I'm seated more. Yep. Yeah. Like I feel awful every day. Yeah. They're, They're, if I don't work out I feel worse than when I did playing football. Oh. I don't work out. I always that out so bad. Yeah. They're gonna do a study on podcasters. I think it's gonna be like they're gonna have to make a movie about It. It's gonna be an epidemic already. These guys Yeah.


They really put their lives on the line. Yeah. Watching football 12 hours every Sunday. Like their Brains over this and scary lifestyle. Yeah. Yeah. This Is, yeah. If CTE is from repetitive hits to the head. Yeah. What's the podcasters brain function where they just never got their heart rate up enough to get the blood up to the head. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I'm this up. I'm never operating it a hundred percent. Totally Strangling yourself. Yeah. Wait, no, no. Oxygen. So Travis doesn't give you shit about the Super Bowl. Does your wife give you shit about her podcast being more successful Than yours? Oh, all the time. Yeah. That sucks. Yeah. Hey, it's all going to the same account. That's true. That's true. It's a team win. That's right. Yeah. Right. It's Success across the board. Yeah. It seems like you guys enjoy it.


You guys are are crushing it. Yeah. I mean it's, it's been, yeah, I think the, the podcast on both sides has been amazingly successful And we have a lot of people that help us out with it. And that's been fun. I think that like, we didn't really know, we're still working out like the scheduling of everything. Right. Like I think that that's the reality of one of the things I do miss about football is like, everything is like, it's almost like in the military where every hour of your day is scheduled to the tee. And when you're in the podcasting world, at least for me, you guys may be way more dialed than I am. But I feel like you're more between that and ES, ESPN and all this stuff, you're kind of all over the place. Yeah. And like, oh, hop on a zoom here, I'll go do this.


I'll, we can get this guest at this time. So yeah, I'll be there for that. And I think that when we're both in that kind of realm, we've kind of had to figure out how do we like, bring, organize to this chaos a little bit. Right. Right. So that's been a new experience, But is there a part of you that's like, you're busier than you were when you were playing football? I'm like, you're doing everything. I'm like less busy, but I'm more inefficient with my time. Okay. Like, I feel like that's the podcaster. Like, like Yeah. Like it's the freedom football. Like every, every second your day is busy or that you're working for and you're amazingly successful at utilizing your time. And now I'm just like, the biggest time suck. I I I lose so many hours 'cause I'm like, oh, if I just like, you know, I got this in an hour so I'll do nothing for an hour.


Yes. Yes. That's really what we've been doing for the last hour and a half. There we go. Yeah. So that's a lot of my day. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But it, it's crazy to see your career. I mean we, we were reminiscing, I dunno if you remember this, you probably don't, but, and I think it was 2017 we went Yeah. Chris Long. Yeah. We went to the Eagles. I Remember that for sure. Bears game. And then we went to Bo Allen's house afterwards. You bo Chris Long and Brent Sellick. And it's like, you know, you're people don't know offensive lineman that well. And it's just like, now to think about how popular and, and like incredible your post career has gone is insane. Yeah. It, I mean back then did not expect this one bit. Yeah. I don't think you said anything. You were just sitting on the couch. Yeah, I was just hanging out. Yeah. I think at one point I made a drink, drink a beer.


But I think, yeah. What were you even talking about? We, we were just Hanging out. Just hanging out. Yeah. Shooting the shit. Yeah. I think at some point, you know, seeing other guys have successful podcasts, Travis and I just decided to try and do it. And then we fucking got lucky enough to play each other in a Super Bowl the first shoot. I know. It's Pretty good. And Then his dating life's good. A little tooted. We've Been trying to get Hank to date. Beyonce, Rihanna. We are probably trying To boost these numbers up a little bit. Listen, We're we're, we have a very good demographic diversity in our I would say so. I would say so. Yeah. You got it. Yeah. I sometimes like click on my Instagram follows and like, it's like 99.9% dudes. Yeah. Yeah. Like, oh, okay.


Cool. You, I mean you, you've, you've done very well in the podcast game. I think you understand how to poke the, the hornet's nest sometimes, but you apologize too much. Yeah. That's the one thing you've told me the Secretariat thing. You had a great take with the Secretariat thing. Like, I agree with you. I I I DMed you right after I was like, Hey, I know we bullied quests off on offline. Like, don't fucking apologize dude. We do not do this. Have we have to, we have to stick together. Like you have a good take. That fucking horse was doing steroids. We've heard from, from horse racing. Randy Moss, he, he's like the biggest proponent of the sport. He's like, yeah. I mean he probably was. They All, were they all, he Doesn't detract from his legacy. No. But we can be, we can speak honestly about, we should dig up his fucking corpse and give him a blood test and see what's what.


Don't apologize. And then you apologize to a dead horse. I know the dude at Penn State. We don't have to rehash that. Shouldn't have apologized for that. That guy was a dickhead. That was a soft apology. But that yeah, that guy was a dick. That guy. You do, you just gotta stand. People love you and people have your back anyway. If you say secretary did a little steroids, who cares? It was funny 'cause you were like heartfelt in your contrition. You were like, I know that there's a lot of fans of a horse racing out there. I did not mean to denigrate And the passion that you so clearly have. Oh yeah. For a legend. No, no. Fuck, fuck. The horse was juicing. Yeah. I hit you up right away. I was like, dude, don't apologize. Not apologize. Do not apologize. I was like, we have your back. Have you ever seen Secretary? Have you ever seen his balls?


No. That's Right. Because they're so fucking small. You ever see him? You ever see him fucking swing? A bat guy could hit it 550 feet fucking slinging his. Just promise us that you won't apologize to anymore horses. Yeah. All I can take one thing away. Agree with that. And yeah, we could be, the Apologizing thing is, is difficult too because it just gets like clipped up and it doesn't accomplish anything. No, you Can't please, everyone's not appease, appease anybody. Right. Yeah. It's like, guys, I was just trying to be funny about a horse taking steroids. I wasn't being that serious about it. Yeah. And literally do I know Secretariat's like grandparents Are tweeting Out messages. I'm Like, God damnit, this is not what I'd say. But that's all like, you'll just appease the like five people that are actually mad at you.


Right. And then they'll just be mad about the next thing. No doubt. So no more apologies. So just own it. We could be apology police for you. If you have a thought of apologizing, let it run it by us. I'm gonna run it by you guys. So it was just like, fuck no. No. Do not, no apologies. Fair enough. That kid at Penn State was a dick. He was Matt, back you up on that one. He was, it was also great product placement. I I thought it might've been a viral eye. We were, we were so, so stupid in our podcast brain. Was this planned? Yeah. We're like, oh this is gonna be a Super Bowl commercial. I mean it was a very perfect slap On the ground. Yeah. You put that phone into the earth's core. Yeah, it was great. It was Awesome.


We'll get back to Jason Kel in a second. He's brought to you by Mountain Dew Baja Blast. You can add a blast of refreshing tropical lime flavor to your game day with Mountain Dew. Baja Blast Mountain Dew. Baja Blast is a big part of my game day ritual. I like to have one at halftime recharge for the second half. Get that energy going. It's very refreshing. Mountain Dew Baha Blast changed the game and now you can buy it in storage. The tropical lime flavor of Mountain Dew Baja Blast is as refreshing as a game winning kick. As a kick that goes right through the uprights. Doesn't even touch the uprights Mountain Dew. Baja Blast makes me feel like I'm on a mountain. And that mountain is very, very refreshing. Ride the Baja Wave on game day. Grab Mountain Dew. Baja Blast for you and your crew. Wherever refreshing beverages are sold. There's bottles Right there. Max. He was asking for a Baja blast. Just give him a Baja blast. There's bottles right there. I just gave him, gave him a Baja blast Blast Through Mountain. There we go. Let's hear that sound. Nice job. That's point. That's good. It's Good for the set. That's good for the set Because that makes a more refreshing sound. Yep. When you crack it into microphone. Good job Max. Oh it tastes so good.


And now here's more. Jason Kelsey, what do you say to the haters out there that are saying, oh, Kelsey retires and then Saquon Barkley sets every record ever. Are the Eagles better without Kelsey? Well I think they're definitely better with Saquon Barkley. Okay. That's a good answer. And I think Cam Jergens has been phenomenal this year. Mackay Beckton has come in and been a big part of that offensive line as well. And for me as an undersized guy, I always played really well with big guards next to me. And I think Mackay and Cam have played really well. There's no question about it. And they're a better unit physically than we were last year. There's no Question about it. Yeah, I think that was just me that said that.


I don't think there's actually any hat out There. Well I think that, I think that they are, I mean, Saquon Barkley almost broke the Russian title. He would've broken the Russian title. Yeah. If he would've played. I mean Yeah, he Definitely was. They're pretty fucking good. Yeah, He absolutely. But that's like, you Still have Jeff Stalin. Yeah. Yeah. Lane Johnson. I mean Lane Johnson's been the linchpin of the line for a long time. Yeah, it was Jason Peters, then it really went to Lane Johnson. Jordan Mulatta this year has been potentially, I mean I think it might have been the most, the best tackle in the NFL this year. And I say that like Lane is still the best pass blocking tackle, but Mulatta does a lot of things in the run game as well. Both of those guys booking in that line have been unbelievable. Yeah, no that's just a little podcast or trick.


Anytime somebody good retires you just hop you. You try to be the first person to Say I I'm a part of it. Yeah. Are they Better without this awesome guy? That's how the takes work. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta fire him off. One thing I love about your career is you, you were an underdog and like, you know, going to Cincinnati, changing positions, being a late round draft pick. Was there ever a point where you were like, this might not be my future? Because I always love those stories where people were like, yeah, I actually had a sliding door moment where it's like, if this didn't happen, I probably can't keep going and and have the career I have. Yeah. I, there's a lot of points. The big one coming out of high school was being a walk-on. I'm like a walk-on linebacker and I had a grandfather who was actually like lowkey a piece of shit.


Like I love the guy but he was a bad grandpa and like a bad person. Lemme talk about he's a good grandpa. Bad person. Okay. Alright. Alright. Better grandpa than person. Yes. Which, hey, good job being a good grandpa. Yeah. Yeah. And he like gave me a quote about persistence from like Calvin Coolidge at the time and it just like, really just hit me smack dab like right in the face when he gave it to me. That's a good quote. Yeah. It's like the, the world is filled with like geniuses that don't work hard enough Essentially. And And they say that they could have been something. Yeah. It's wasted Talent. Nothing Will take the place of persistence. Talent will not, the world is full of unsuccessful Emma talent genius will not. I'm rewarded. Genius is almost a proverb.


Education will not, the world is full of educated derelicts. Yeah. Persistence and determination alone or omnipotent. Right. So it's basically like, don't give up you pussy. Yeah. Right. That's what he was kind of telling me. Right. And it was just a great quote and I would, I had like a lot of like division two offers and like a lot of division three, like places I could go. I was like, you know what, I'm gonna go try and walk on at a division one program and see if I can't hang with these guys. And ended up gonna Cincinnati then I really just gotten a lot of fortune to be honest with you. Like Paul Longo. Sorry, beers get me. Paul Longo was a strength coach that came with Brian Kelly and he's got a moving offensive line if he would've never came to Cincinnati.


I don't know that I've ever been moved. Offensive line. You're right. Because I had never played the position. I didn't know how to fucking do it. And he was like, Hey, I've done this. He did it with Joe Staley at Central Michigan and then he did it with me in, in Phil in, in Cincinnati before I came to Philly. And it, that kind of sparked everything. Yeah. Got a starting job in college then You're undersized. I got lucky that Howard Mudd came to Philadelphia who worked with Jeff. Sara at Indianapolis, liked undersized offensive lineman. So he drafted me and Howard Roseman. And then I got fortunate to work with Jeff Stalin, who's been the best offensive line coach in the past decade in the NL. Yeah. So it's like, it's kind of fucking crazy. How really just a, that one little stupid quote led to me walking into like the most fortuitous situations Right.


Over And over again. Even though everybody else thought I was terrible or didn't think I'd make it right. I kept getting these situations where it's like one the right person kind of believed in me. I I love those stories though because it's, you know, I think there's the, the one thing I hate when people get very successful and they're like, oh yeah, I'm just more talented than everyone. Yeah. It's like, no there's, there has to be. Yeah. Well what do you do with that lucky breaks? There has to be people that believe in you along the way Yeah. To get to where you're at. And it's really cool to, to hear like all those people along the way. For Sure. And and nobody's so talented that they did it on their own. Right. I mean, I guess maybe Miles Garrett, but Maybe Miles Garrett. It could have been, It was like, I think Arnold in his like new book, he's like, you know, I'm not a self-made man. I'm the opposite of a self-made man.


There's a bunch of people that help make me to be like, you know this successful. Right. Right. And I think for sure most football players are like that. Most coaches feel that way. 'cause you realize how, especially in football, like there's so many different things that you're relying on to do your job. When are you gonna start coaching? When are you gonna be the assistant offensive line coach or stout do, is that in the future at all? Because I mean that would be, I Mean, part of me would love to do that. Yeah. But that would be a significant pay decrease. Okay. From podcasting. Yeah. Podcasting paid as well. So I'm navigating that. There's also just a time commitment of those guys. Yeah. It's like, you know, I got three young kids a fourth on the way and I don't know that I'm ready for that yet.


Yeah. But I know that I would absolutely love it. I love like the xs and os part of it. I love being with the guys. That's the thing I miss most about, like do I wanna play in the Super Bowl? Yeah. I wanna play in the Super Bowl. I wanna be like with the guys. Right. That's I want. You know what I mean? And when you're not on the field with them, that's what you miss. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. You get to say we still about the eagles. Yeah, for sure. What about us? Like if I talk about the commanders, Big Cat talks about the bears. Yeah. We say we, we feel like we're on the, That's What is that cool? I'm fine with that. Alright, good. Well I say as long as you guys Are legitimately Yeah. You have to be full in. Oh yeah. No, I Said well, But I do like they fucked Up. I do catch myself every now and then being like they, when it's going bad, I'm like, wait, you gotta stay consistent.


Yeah. I think I might've said they early on in the eagle season when people were down in the shoot, Man, they're Really not doing this well. They suck. One thing that gets said about you a lot is that you're a better person than you were a football player. People say that About me. Yeah. They say that about you. Do you realize that's You making this up on the spot? No, this, I've seen a lot of quotes, like he said, incredible person. But do you realize that's bullshit? We're here to tell you. That's bullshit. This is why I'm I'm here is Because that would make me like said honesty. Like you're, you're one of the top, I don't know if you're in the hall of fame, I don't know how many people are in the hall of Fame, but one of the top thousand guys ever to play football. You're not Or top thousand guy. You're not one top thousand people to ever live. Well I can guarantee I'm not a good person.


I'm a piece of shit. Okay. All Right. I just wanna make sure because like We always say like when people are like, oh, JJ Watt's a better person than football player. We're like, dude, he was a really good football player. Yeah. I don't think He's that good of a, there's no chance. 0%. Yeah. You can't be that good of a person. He's a great person. Dalai Lama. Yeah. Right, Right. I I've never seen him with three point stands that might not Have gone, that didn't age well, did it? No. He licks boys. Yeah. Fuck. That was a weird week on the internet. That was A really weird week. Yeah. He just, he was just like, it looked like he was like sending an envelope with a step. Is There anybody that is looking a boy lived up to being a good per like Maha Ma Gandhi, like apparently like just loves sex orgies or something like that. Yeah, It's excellent.


It's always comes out. Yeah. There's something It's like it's, it's gotta be like just some random person that you never do. Wasn't There something like with Mother Theresa where there was some Seattle? Oh Yeah. Yeah. She's bad. She was a stat. She she was a stat compiler. I mean What the Fuck man. Yeah. I think she had some bad tweets. She would, she would like go into a hospital and just be like, bless, bless, bless, bless. Just like walk through the hallways Rick's room. Yeah. And she's like got another 200 today. Yeah. Another 200 souls in heaven. Yeah. Garbage time stuff. It was garbage that got added to her lifetime death. I'm dead. You take out the garbage time. Upgrades suck. I think Mr. Rogers, if Mr. Rogers, if something bad came out about him, I'd be like, yeah, fuck. Nothing's real. Yeah.


Yeah. He's a one one solid Him and weird owl I think. Yeah. The best people are like, it's like some like grandma like Toledo or something that no one ever has heard of. Yeah. That's, that's probably the best person. There's no question. Yeah. You're way better football player than human. Yeah. Yeah. Not even question. I Mean you were an incredible football player. Not Even, not Even close. Not close. No. But people did always, I mean it seems like especially in your entire career, like you're, you were a locker room guy. Did you, did you like take pride in that being like, 'cause you, you know, you had roster turnover year over year Yeah. Where you had to play with tons of iterations of a roster where you're like, I'm, I take pride in being like the glue guy here a little bit. I don't know if you ever think about it that way.


You're just kind of like going about being a teammate and you, I think when you've, I don't know when you've been on the shit end of the stick or on low man on the totem pole, you kind of just have a frame of reference for that. And I think you, there's always people that you know that treated you well that you looked up to and people that maybe didn't do it as well and you like, okay, how can I just be, you know, a good teammate. Right. And I think that's, there's, you also like find out, at least I did, I think that a lot of the selfish things that happen in football specifically where like guys get worried about another guy taking their job or like they, they don't talk to like young players.


It almost never works out for the older guy. Right. Like it almost always leads to something bad happening. Right. And it's almost always the young guy ends up playing and the guy gets traded or cut. So like I do think there's even like a bit of selfishness there of like, hey, like no, it's actually good for you to like talk to this guy and like be in a conducive work environment. You're gonna play better as well. Right. And like at the very end of the day, if this guy's better than you, he's gonna take your job regardless. Right. You're on like it's an inevitable thing. Yeah. You know what I mean? So like you can either be a proactive member of this and that guy can then be like, Hey, like that guy was really awesome to me young of my career. Or you can be a piece of shit and then that guy's still gonna take your job and then you're gonna be remembered as this douche bag. Yeah. Bitter. Yeah. They don't want. Yeah.


So Yeah. And if you can teach somebody how to do something, if you're like trying to be helpful, show them the way, if you can actually impart that knowledge, you're learning more about it yourself. Right. There's no per no question. I mean we, Scott would actually talk about that. Like he would have guys, older players describe plays to young guys. 'cause a big part of like learning something, when you're teaching something, you're actually reinforcing it to yourself. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So like when you do that, especially in the con confine context, like a group, like everybody's collective thought on like what this play is becomes more solidified. Yeah. Yeah. So I firmly believe that like you teaching somebody else is actually helping you. Yeah. Yeah. It's really good. So, And you're also gonna, like I, I've even Cam Jergens when he was a rookie, Landon Dickerson, when he was a rookie, you're gonna find stuff out from them that you can take.


Even though they're rookies, they still have frames of reference from the game and like college, they're doing creative new shit all every year. It's like, oh okay, that's how you guys did that. And then you're like, in your head you're like, okay well that's fucking stupid. Yeah. Or you're like, oh that's fucking really cool. I've been trying to do that. Yeah. I dunno. Yeah. I'm fascinated by the, the transition you made when you go to college and you become a lineman. Yeah. And you were what a running back and a linebacker Was a linebacker primarily. I did like we were in a wing tee in high school. Oh nice. And I was a one of the wing guys And we would run the ball at me 98% of the time. Yeah. I was just a lead blocker in the wing tee. Your pullback. Yes. And every once in a while the entire defense knew that was happening.


Right. And we, I get an audible jet sweep the other way, so I average like 9.8 yards of carry 'cause it was wide open. That's awesome. Yeah. But I was a Linebacker. Really? So, so you, you go to college and some coach is like, Hey we'd like you to play center. Yeah. I thought It was crazy. Crazy. Were you immediately like, okay, no, I was in winter conditioning. This is right when Paul Longo got hired and he said, you know, you make a good center one day. I go, what the fuck is this guy talking about? I've never played offensive line. I'm 235 pounds. I thought he was like just like fucking with me, like calling me unathletic. He's like a lineback like that. That was his way to shit talk me for being like a bad a athlete.


Right. Is what I would throw. Like you got fat over the, over the winter Break. It's like I get it. I freaking put on a freshman 15 I'm doing and then I was a walkon and like three days into spring practice spring ball before we started hitting, which was like the worst part of my game. 'cause we were just doing like seven on seven. I couldn't cover anybody. Like I was a downhill fill the A gap mike linebacker. Right, right. I was not like go, and this probably why they moving offensive line. But three days in they, they're like, Hey, we wanna try out offensive line. So I do that for the spring and then after that they came up and the offensive line coach Jeff Quinn, I was like, Hey, we're gonna keep you at center.


I was like, well coach, I'll probably just transfer. Like, I don't think I'm gonna put on 60 pounds, 50 pounds for free. I'm gonna walk on, I'll just go walk on someplace else. Right. And they said, well if you agree to go to offensive line, we can't give you a scholarship in the fall, but we can give you one in the winter. Like we're already filled for this next quarter. Right. But the moment those guys graduate, we'll put you on scholarship. So that was kind of like a quick way that I got a scholarship after my first year. That's Yeah. So you go to scholarship get That's my first contract negotiation. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then I just like loaded up on the double cheeseburgers and french fries and I had high blood pressure for a year in college because I was eating So true. That's incredible though that he Just looked at you and was like, yeah, you'd be a center.


And I mean that's what Paul did. Like he, again, Joe Staley at Central Michigan. He did with a bunch of guys at Iowa too. Like he had this knack of just looking at somebody's frame and he believed in like taking athletic guys and making them offensive linemen. Right. That was like his model. So Yeah. I love that, that like character trait about a football coach where he just looks at a, a human being. He's like sees his hips tight end. Alright. I don't know if it was the way I was moving or what it was. Gotcha. Really every, Everybody else thinks I'm way too small. He's like, no, you're gonna be good. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. I got a very important question for you. Your Draftking sports book. We DraftKings sports book. Yeah. Shout out our guys at DraftKings Sports book. We love them. Yes. If you had to bet side in this game, Had to bet.


Okay. And we using points on the draft, are we doing straight money line? The spreads one and a half right now. Spread's One and a half. That's a good, yeah, this was one because we were just talking about all this stuff on the pod and I didn't want to touch anything with the game I ended up taking. So you got a prop? Yeah. Yeah. We did a, we did a prop parlay. I took Mahomes over on passing touchdowns and anytime hurts and then a coin flip. All right. Because I Can't What'd you do with the coin flip? I went Tails. All right. There we Go. Good call. Never fails. Tails. Smart gambler. Absolutely. Tails never fails, But it's, yeah, it's hard. This one's a very difficult one. I could see it going either way. I think the Eagles are really, really talented.


But if the game's close, it's small. It's always just like, Mahomes Seen it before, like It's Mahomes, Andy Reed, they've been there so many times. So I could see them getting out to a big lead and having a controlling game, the Eagles. But I could also see it being really close because they got spec all they have a really good defense. I I, You know, it's, it's the dumbest analysis, but it's also the smartest. Yeah. Like I, I like before I think it was maybe the, the Chief's Texans game. I was like, we were breaking it down. I was like, I don't know man. Like if Mahomes need, if they need a first down Mahomes, leave the run for it. It'll find Travis Kel and then they'll get it. Yeah. And then they'll just do that again and then they'll win the game. Yeah. Time they keep doing it. That's, I know there's a lot more to football and the defense and everything, but it's like when you decipher it down to like what the, the three or four gotta habit plays on offense for the chiefs in this run Yeah.


Has just been mos with his feet or finding Travis And, and their defense is really good. Yeah. They keep 'em in those situations. Yeah. If, if they didn't have a good defense, the chiefs would not be a good football team. Yeah. I mean no team would be good without a defense, but, well, commanders were pretty good. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. We didn't really have much of a defense. That's true. We ended up being like average by the end Season. They got A lot better by the end of the year. Yeah. Yeah. Bobby Wagner and like they, Dan Quinn did a phenomenal job. We had a great goal line defense against the tush push. There you go. Just jump over top. Yeah. Just keep going off four times. Kill how much awarded Points, how much would Suck. Yeah. Being Cam Jins, you got a bad back? Yeah. Bend over. Just landing on you over and over. Yeah. That would suck. Yeah. I think it's, yeah.


They have a defense that's gonna keep the game within a score and they have a quarterback that is like the best of all time with the game that close. So it's, it's hard to like pick against that. And that's why they keep winning, right? Yeah. Have You, Everybody thinks that, that the officials are on their side and Yeah. You know, it's all rigged for him because how do they continue to win all these games? Sod father. Yeah. Sod father. That one was Real. Yeah, That one. Yeah. Have you noticed a difference in Sirianni in that? Like you, you obviously, you know, you saw him when he is an early coach. He goes to the playoffs and goes to the Super Bowl last year didn't go so well towards the end of the year. Yeah. Felt like he was kind losing a little bit of the whole hold of the rope. Yeah. But this year they've been incredible. Yeah. Like what, what has he, do you think it's just him getting more comfortable with the job?


Well, no, I think they got better players this year and hired two really good coordinators. Not that the guys weren't there last year weren't good, it's just Right. I think they have better players offensively. They signed Saquon, right. Defensively, they, all these young guys they've drafted have panned out. Yeah. Quin Mitchell, Quin Cooper, Zach Bond in the off season badger. Ja Carter has really come into like, so I gotten even better from his rookie year. So like, they have a lot of really talented players. The young guys have panned out and both of those coordinators have done really well. Yeah. I think Nick's been a great head coach since he's been there. He communicates really well in team meetings. He's, he the organizational aspect of being a head coach, he's quite frankly probably the best.


I've been around. I mean, I was young when I was with Andy, so it's hard for me to, I wasn't like evaluating the head coach like a rookie. Right. I was like, yeah, yes sir. Yep. I'll go do that. Yeah. But like now having been through like four different head coaches, he does that very, very well. So I think, I think he was a great head coach last year. There's just a lot of circumstances that led to a deterioration at the end of it. Part of that's like the defense underperformed offensively started getting crushed, couldn't handle blitzes. Now they've gotten the structure back and they're excelling. Yeah. And he also knows when to use his kids as human shits. Dude, he's Been doing that. It's The best. I felt so bad. That was the funniest like, transparent move.


I would do the same thing Jacob's caught in the middle of this. Like, I just can't wait. If he does win the Super Bowl, I really hope he brings the kids up on the podium. Yeah. Yeah. Just like this giant. Yeah. He's fuck off. Like, here's a question for my kids. All right. So are you ready? We got a whole gang of Philly representation in the row. Yeah. Baby. Are you ready for some guest questions? Oh, fuck Yeah. Okay, so let's start with Ronan. Ronan, I see him. He's already getting Ready. Yep. Ronan's ready to go. Love. I love that Fucking sweatshirt. You are. So do you obviously feel it, but you, I don't think there's anyone in Philly that's more loved than you. Ronan Might be one of, Don't say bro, Ronan's up there. Don't say that. It's not true. I think the thing about Jason is you look like an Eagles fan.


Yeah. I Think if you were to take like one guy in the NFL and be like, does this person look like, so we did a, he's from the city of the team. We Look, We did a lookalike thing yesterday with Marriott where, or Marriott where there's like 25 Kelsey lookalikes and there's been like all these lookalikes all around the city. I just, I think I look like a lot of white guys that have beards and are kind of overweight. I just have that Look. It's the average guy. So any city I'm very relatable to. But I do Think PTs Right? It's like 101 dalmatians when the owners look like the dogs. Yeah. Yeah. You just slowly started looking more like Philly. It's like when Gardner Min, she was on the Jags. I was like, that dude. He's from Jackson. Fair enough. Yeah. Well that's kind of what my question kind of leads into.


Like, Delco, Delaware County has almost become like a national thing. Like people know about Delco and then I see you on, they call it late night and you're like rocking the timms in the hoodie. Yeah. And it's like Delco coated almost. Yeah. And then like the sea aisle stuff, like how has that informed your personality? How did you kind of choose that as your tribe as opposed to living in a gated community in South Jersey or something like that? You're in the shit. Yeah. I mean, I would not say we're in the shit, but I mean, Like, you're, you're mixing it up, you're ball. Yeah. You're, that's what I mean by it. Well, I grew up wearing the timms in, in, in high school. That was like, I wore a pair of Sketchers one time to high school.


And I, and never again. I was like, dude, I gotta wear something better than this. And all, all the, all the, everybody who was cool is shit. Wore Tims. So I'm like, all right, I'm wearing Tims from now on. Yeah. It's proportional to your body. Yeah. That's the thing is you gotta, it really was. Yeah. I can't wear like, running shoes. That's right. But, you know, I don't know. I think, I don't, I've always identified and like, I just like hanging out with people that are freaking down to earth. Don't take things too seriously. Just want to, you know, enjoy life, have a beer. I, so yeah. I just kind of try and surround myself in those areas. I wanted to be in Upper Darby actually. Mm. And Kylie was like, there's no fucking chance we're living in Upper Darby With Upper Darby.


That's what I, I said She was our kid. Like, they have fights every day at school. And I'm like, that's, that's The, that's good thing we had that in my high school selling point. The best part. You Learn more about life at a school. A hundred of my kids'. The most violent owners at school. Yeah. Hard in them. They're like, Jason, we have three daughters. Like, okay. That's fair. That's fair. Yeah. They gotta learn to fight. And then real quick extras and os So everybody's talking about the big thing in the off season was like the, the line calls are going from you to Jalen her to Jalen. Yes. Yeah. To Jalen. So as you're assessing back over the season, how do you feel like he did and how did, what did you do to kind of prepare him to take on that big role? I Think we've, we've been like kind of jointly doing that for a long time now.


I would handle it a lot at the line of scrimmage. He would handle extreme situations, blood zero things that need checks. And now he's taken over for all of it. And he's done a great job. And I think the biggest, the biggest like thing that's the most important with blitz pickup is that the quarterback knows where the protection is. And he has an answer. If he's gonna be hot, that's the most important thing. And now he's so aware of all that, that even when it's not picked up, he knows where to go with the football. It's not a catastrophic situation. And I think that towards the end of the year, and especially if you're going up against a guy like Spags, who's gonna overload you if you don't, if you aren't comfortable being hot, it's a bad situation to be in.


And I think that now they've handled that so much better. And the numbers seem to say that. I mean, I don't remember exactly what they were, but I know early in the year, the numbers against the blitz were like very, very good. So I think he's done well. Yeah, I think so too. You're doing great too, brother. Thanks Ronald. Appreciate, appreciate Your questions, Ron. All right. Max, What do you call a group of people from Philly? You know how it is like a, a murder of those goose Bags? A John, But that's in a loving way. Yeah's. I mean, I love you John. It's the most Max. It's a John, right? It's a's a John. It's To John. Yeah. It's John, the the, it's Plural and whatever. Yeah. You, You met Max over in Tahoe. We did. This is a lot Of meat on this couch right Now. You are literally his hero. You probably you saw him in in in the beer Olympics.


He I did. Just cosplayed as you. Yeah. Nailed it. This is a big moment for him. It's a big moment For me. No, I'm, I'm, I'm cool. Confident His boy Quin. This is no, no strong confident We have Jason Kelsey at home. Do you have a question or you just wanna just sit Next? I got a question next to, I got a question. What have you decided what you're wearing for the game yet? No, this is serious. This is serious. You're blowing this dude. This is No, no I'm not. No I'm not. This is, I've talked to my friends, I've talked to my family. The one question everyone wants to know knows What you're wearing. I know. I don't know what I'm wearing yet. I'm still figuring it out. I was gonna wear a Cher t-shirt to just like, not wear that's wear anything Eagles or No, that's not just go completely different.


Yeah. I have not figured it out yet. No. Shirtless. Do you have recommendations? Yes. Eagles. That is my recommendation. I understand. Understand that. You know Chiefs brother. Yep. You love, love family. But I mean, yeah, well the city, the city of Philadelphia, There's some family there. Maybe Get big dom to give you a tracksuit. I could just wear a big dom shirt. Yeah. Big dom. Oh that would be good. Big Dom's. The best Big Dom's. Best he is. We, we, we met him finally for the first time yesterday. He told us he, he just paired down his entire closet. He only has 131 track suits Now, dude. I mean it's what he wears every single day. It's like the funniest stereotype I've Ever seen. And Lane Johnson was very, he was like, I've never seen his legs.


He's Like, he, I don't think I either. He's like, I've never seen him run. I've never seen his legs. Yeah. I mean he's fully tracksuit every single day you see him. Yeah. You go in there before the game, there's cannolis and like freaking chicken cutlet sandwiches. I love, that's the best thing. Love that. I Got the life force behind the Philadelphia Eagles and I believe that. Yeah, I, I mean look at our record when freaking he got kicked out the game against, against San Fran and then all of a sudden, I mean there's something to it. Yeah. He's been a mainstay in Philly for a long time. Yep. Yeah. Alright, max, you got one over All. Last question. I feel like the super, like the most recent Super Bowl was when you became like nationally known for like a personality and everything. Yeah. I feel like in Philadelphia it was the, it was the parade speech.


Yeah. 17. Yeah. That was like where everyone really, everyone knew we had a great center, but that was, it was like, alright, this guy is, you know, the face of this city as far as personality and everything goes. What would, did you like have an idea of what were you were gonna say going into that and then just kind of went off of that? Or did you write everything down? Like rehearse it? What went into that? Going into that speech? Didn't write it down, but it wasn't like off the cuff like either. 'cause you know, you win a Super Bowl and you're like, you just think about this stuff. So like the moment you win you're like thinking about everything you had to do in your career to get there and all these things that had to go right to accomplish that lifetime achievement. And you're like thinking about that initially and then you start thinking about like, oh my God.


Like now think about Nick Foles and you know, you know Lane Johnson, like all these guys, their career story arcs as well. Now you're thinking about even just like the season, how a lot of these guys were kind of like misfits added in and you think about Doug Peterson, Howie Roseman was just on the other side of the building. So like all that stuff starts going in. So I kind of knew, I remember like three in the morning I like wake Kylie up. I'm like, hey, like what do you think like about this? I gotta like say then she's like, will you go to sleep? Yeah. Right. And so I kind of knew what I wanted to say. I knew I wanted to kind of go through the coaches then to how he then go through the team and then draw back to Philly and that's kind of how it happened.


Yeah. Yeah. Good job Max. That's it. I love you. Yeah. Love you too. And then last one we got, what are you wearing? Yeah. Yeah. What are you wearing? I'll be wearing my Eagle's overalls underneath a black sweatshirt that big dom gave me. Yay. So I can't Knock now. My As is just is out big. Alright, Good. I actually like that butt crack out is out for this. Alright. That's it. Job max. Alright. Case last. That had everything. Everything we expected more. Max you are all these people's heroes. You know that Kate is last of who you, you met at your event?


Yeah. In Seattle. In New Jersey Shore. Yeah. Yeah. God Know This is gonna be weird. You got this Kate. Oh, Hi Jason. Hi Kate. You probably remember me from the Eagles autism fundraiser last summer. Yes. Where I drank so much that I donated a thousand dollars to play flip cup with you. And then I lost. And then later that night I had a full blown panic attack because I had just yelled at Pat for buying a $99 beach umbrella the day before. And We got into a huge argument. How are you doing? Doing good. Good. Great. Yeah, that was cool. So my thing is roasting a little bit. I've been on here before I roasted Chris Long.


Okay. So I think you have tough skin. All Right, let's do it. Here We go. In 2007, the uc Bearcats won the Papa John's Pizza Bowl. Yep. And here in New Orleans you were in the 2010 Sugar Bowl. Oh God. Maybe it's time for a salad bowl. You know, I'm just kidding. I like my men how I like my Campbell soup junkie. Yeah, Yeah. But wow. Look at you post-retirement, podcasting, singing late night TV show beer commercials. NFL commentary, flag number 62, holding onto Relevancy. Holy shit.


My God. Taylor Swift has songs like Blank Space and you need to calm down. What's it like to be such a big inspiration to her? No. You know what? I can't roast you. I can't do this. I don't know if you could tell I'm a huge Eagles fan and I'm a huge fan of you. And I have an ulterior motive and this is genuine. I wanna become part of your inner circle so fucking bad. I Wanna get in with your people. Shout out Emily here, Your coordinator. I've been texting Her about kid stuff. Yeah, we're super cool. So I thought, You know, my mom Havertown.


Yeah. Grew up behind the Mano Shopping Center. I'm sure everybody knows the Mano Shopping Center. Dad, Drexel Hill down the street from Maple Lanes balling alley. You know? Yeah. I pretend to be from Delco. You're from Delco. That's a, so I thought we could go over some things we both have in common and maybe you could decide to like pull me into your inner circle. All right. Instead, I can't do that. Let's go. We've both lost rings. You lost your Super Bowl ring in a pool of skyline chili. I did. And I got divorced once. I don't know for sure, but I'd say both. An enormous amount of pubic hair. It's, it's true You played for the birds and I've been told I look like Larry Bird.


My mom also prefers my brother. We won't say it out loud, but we both think Patrick Mahomes is a fucking dork. I know, I know. We do. You were a fast offensive lineman back in my prime. I was offensively fast with lines and men We're Both obsessed with your wife. Yeah. Big time. Definitely. Someone got in your face to call your brother the F slur. Yeah. That used to happen to me too in high school. But my brother was on the robotics team so it checked out. There was, He was, wait, there's more.


We both know what it's like to have haters yours because you're incredibly smart, you're kind, hardworking. And that leads to a lot of success. People get jealous of that. And mine is more of a personality thing. People just kind of hate me 'cause of who I am. Really Though I admire you and your family so much. I have to do it. Sorry. I do, sorry. I admire you and your family so much. I love that you stayed in Philly, that you continue to highlight the team in the city in such positive and fun ways all the time. Thank you. And what your family does for Delco and businesses there. And the Eagles Autism Foundation is amazing and I just, I just love you. You're still fat though.


Thank you Kate. Oh man. Officially Part of the inner circle. Yes. Has to be. Alright, well Jason, this has been so much fun. We got one last question,


Rollback question. Yeah. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts. Rollback dot com. Promo code Take, Kate mentioned it.


How does your wife deal with you? 'cause she actually, I think is like a role model for all idiots out there. Like I know personally, man, I, I'm like, look at him when my wife is like, you're being an idiot. I'm like, but he's got his shirt off. Yeah, no, I'm, I've actually been told not to. Like, I've done a lot of shit in my bar stool career. I told you about eating vomit. Yeah. Yep. My wife literally, the only thing she gets mad at was when I take my shirt off, she's like, just stop taking your shirt off. Really? Yeah. She's like, you could, she has an issue with that. I piss my pants. I do everything. She's like, just don't take your shirt off. Why do you gotta do that? Nobody wants to see that. Yeah. Like, come on. Yeah. I have no idea how Kylie puts that with me. And I think, yeah. Yeah. You have to ask her.


Emily, do you know how, how does Kylie handle me? Emily? Yeah. Emily. Yeah. Yeah. She just tells Emily, I think. I think, I don't know. We just, yeah. I don't really know how to answer. It's a Question. It's real. I think just great. Yeah. I think I'm a, I am a half neanderthal, half 21st century human being that functions very much by the seat of my pants. And luckily my wife puts up with me and loves me in a way that she sees my flaws and runs with 'em and yeah.


I don't know. That's about all. It's awesome. I can answer for it. No, you're real. That's the, I think that's what people love is you're real. Yeah. I think the biggest thing that's a struggle is again, like I am awful at sticking to any type of schedule or knowing what I'm gonna do. And when you have three kids Yeah. And a fourth on the way, that's like the number one thing anybody wants. So that's the biggest thing. But yeah, outside of that, she doesn't care that much when I take my shirt off, except for the one time I did in front of Taylor, That one in Buffalo. I'll say that. Your Performance at that game, it was, it was perfect because you were, you were obviously hammered, you were having a great time.


Very, yeah. But you also didn't do anything embarrassing. Like you just, all you did was skyrocket to the top of like, most average dudes, like number one guy they wanna drink a beer with. Yeah. I, I find most of the time when I do embarrassing things, it ends up positive. It could have been way worse. It does. It could. Embarra real. And you're, I I think most people like having fun. People see that and they're like, man, like as long as you keep having fun, I just like, I've always saw, I've always watched the Buffalo games and like, I love when Fitz takes his shirt off and like any fan outside in a snowy environment. Yep. Shirt off. I'm like, that guy's fucking the coolest dude on the planet. Yeah. I don't know why, but I fucking like that.


Oh yeah, I agree. So I'm like, all right, I'm gonna fucking do that. Yeah. But I can't do that in the suite. Like, I'm surrounded by heat so I gotta jump outta the suite. Yeah. So that this makes feel. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. That actually makes perfect sense. Alright, well Jason, thanks so much man. We really appreciate it. You got a ton of huge fans here. Keep crushing it. Thank You. Thank you. Much much. Don't crush it too much. Like you have football money. This is our livelihood. How Many podcasts are you a week? What's your schedule? One a week two. Just chill. We two, one a week. Yeah. Just Chill out one every other week. Chill Out one every other week. Yeah. This is our livelihood. You're doing this. You know, you Parachute it in. Come and you try to My culture is not your costume. Yeah. Just, just relax. Okay.


Well I think we admire everything you guys do. I think your guys show is fantastic. Max. Pleasure to sit on this couch with you, Kate. Pleasure to be roasted by all the Philly people and non Philly people associated with the show. I'm a huge fan, so it's an honor to be here. Thank You man. Shout out Pug. Yes. Shout out Pug Damn Pug.


Jason Kel was brought to you by Chevy. Chevy is packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a Friday, Saturday, and Sunday with a truck that says no to nothing. We just saw the, the Trail boss the other day doing a commercial for it. That truck is sick. It's got the black rims on it. It looks awesome. The Silverado Trail boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 foot pounds of torque. Hold onto those sodas max. Plus the trail bus gives you an ex extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. And that would put me right at six feet. Exactly. If I got that. The result. A truck that can do it all then show up on Monday with a story tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive.


And now here's Chris Berman. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. It is now one of our favorite annual traditions. It's the Schwa, Chris Berman, before the Super Bowl had to have you on, let's start with this. How are you feeling overall? You, you congrats on 45 years of DSPN. Yeah. Hard to Believe. Thank You. Are we, are we going to 50? Well, hi fellas. The rock contour haw named after Andres Galaga, the Big Cat and the commenter. The rocker. The explainer. I never thought of that number until I did a couple interviews about 45.


And I'm the first at ESPN to get to 45. Which again, I don't know if that meant I climbed Mount Everest or it's it's impressive or discovered the North Pole. No, It's impressive or what it is. Yeah. That was never a goal. And a couple of folks, like you said, well, have you thought of 50? I said, actually I have not because that was never a goal. But you know, we have our first ABC's head Super Bowl, but ES Penn has their first Super Bowl in a couple of years. I think they want me around for that. I mean, I'm not saying they should, but I think they, no, I'll say, they say If I get there, that's kind of 47 and a half at this point. You might as well either tush push it or give Marshawn lynching and get in the round, the darn end zone.


Right. And it really is. I mean, so it would be cool. It, it's outside of ESPN, just that many years in this business, which, you know, is a cutthroat business and people are always trying to knife each other and, and people don't last for this long. It's, it's a testament to you and your telling. Like, it's incredible. So I I I'm there for 50 if you want to, if you wanna do a big party, we're there for 50. I think this is the site. I mean, you guys have treated me like royalty. I'm really not sure why, but, but you are. I love it. Like I tell you, I I get stopped nine months later after we do the Super Bowl show and either tells me one of two things. They go your show with a Pardon My Take guys. It's great. It tells me one of two things. It tells me it was really a great show and they remember it.


Or the rest of your shows are terrible. I I really haven't decided yet. But I'm, I'm, I'm here to bail you out. All right. Oh, I love that. So 50 if they'll have, look, if they're stupid enough to have me, I I, I'd love to do it. 'cause I'm It's football. Yeah. Yeah. It's football. It's football, it's football. It's football, it's Football. And then I calmed after football. I don't do everything I used to. You actually now have the job that we really like lust fors that football do football and then after football be like, Hey, you know what, we're gonna take six months off, play some golf. I work pretty hard to Do this. Yeah, I know. You deserve every second of it. You Know, now I'm gonna have to live a long time to play the golf. If I can shoot my age, I'm gonna have to, to live to about 87. Okay.


But, you know, we'll, we'll see. Maybe we can lower that to 84. But thank you. It is, it was never a goal. Yeah. Yeah. And, and if we get into this with goals, like, I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna be famous, I'm gonna make this kind of money, we don't get there. Yeah. No. But once you reach the stage, you it, the numbers in front of you have to think about it. Yeah. It's not the the start. At the start. You weren't like, 50 is my number, but you're so close. It's like, yeah, 50 would be magical. We'll build a statue, You'll be be the first. Well, I don't need that, but, or some put my face somewhere they could throw darts at. Yeah. You know, but, but it would be a 50 year employee at ESPN. There may not be another one. Yeah. Because times are different. That's, I'm saying I started a 20 is so hard.


Right. Yeah. So at any Rate, yeah. So you I'm in. I'm glad you're in. Okay. Yeah, we got that going For us. We're in, we're in, it's a party of three at least. And a party was the key word. We, we love how much you love football. It's very clear that you still love football. I don't know if, if the game has changed, it's obviously changed on the field, but like your relationship with it, your relationship with the game itself, it's gotten so much bigger. All the, you know, media, all the marketing around it, there's a lot that is wrapped around football that's changed over the years. But in terms of you and the game, how you see the game, has that changed or has that kind of stayed the same, Stayed the same more than you think? Now that sounds goofy after what we've just said. I mean, my first Super Bowl, just to put it to that was Super Bowl xxi.


The Niners first won. And you know, the amount of media coverage, I mean it's a versus Z obviously, and a different media. So it's okay. What's surrounded, even like even Media day 10 years ago, you still on Tuesday were in the stadium interviewing the, the guys. Right. You know, now it's ULA or, or whatever they have, you know, on Monday. And, and it's okay. You know, 10, 12 years ago I did the draft. Well I did 35 of them, which doesn't make me good or bad, but it's whatever the number is. And till 10 years ago, like the biggest we we, it'd seen Radio City musical, which is Oh my God, the history. And it's 5,000 people and it's fun. And now we have half a, a million Yeah.


You know, 250,000 people Yeah. Outside maybe waiting for a name in 30 degrees. Yep. And okay, will it be Green Bay? I mean, how's that gonna Well, I mean it is April, but still. Yeah. So, but the game itself, I mean, we're not getting xo I mean we could do that too. 'cause the Chiefs are a perfect reason to go xo. Yeah. Comparing them to the great teams that repeated, you know, that's actually fun. Yeah. And when you think about it, yeah, it's still the last game, I think. Okay. You guys are in at seven 30 in the morning.


Not like, that's the worst thing. There are plenty of people that go to work at 5:00 AM you know, no, you're in and you're gonna know the game plan. So there's still a lot of old, old world, wrong term. No, but you're right. Older world, this is the way it's still set up week to week when you get there. I mean the, the money and the this and the fame and the, this is all different. But success, they still, and look, they'll play 18 games if it's not next year, it's a year after or whatever. And they'll play in Australia and they'll play whatever. But the but still not playing 162 games. Yeah. Or eight or 82 games every week matters. It does. Yeah. You can have two off weeks and you're still okay. Yeah. But you better not have four.


Yeah. And that's still, you know, the coaches go to work kind of the same way they look at these films or whatever they're on now, you know, on Tuesday nights when the players are, you know, their day off. That really hasn't changed. Yeah. So it's, it's changing the way they do it, but not that they do it. Does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. So I kinda like it. There's still a, and when I see a pocket passer, which we don't, I still think of the first videos I'd see of Johnny Unitas, you know, like, or, or Namath, who is my guy who I grew up with. And when there's a perfect pocket and it's a pocket play of which the minority now.


Right? Yeah. I see it. It's like, ooh. Or I see an old fashioned screen, old fashioned screen. It Gets everyone I go back and they're in and you Oh my, there's when we watch the games on Sundays, like you guys do. And my favorite is when Baltimore does it to Ricard. Okay. The Fullback. Yeah. Yeah. I always begged John Harbaugh like, come on, this is a week. You can, you know, gimme one. And it's like the ball floats and you know, he's not mercurial, he is not Lamar Jackson catching a screen passer and then the three blockers you can see on tv. Yep. Ooh, this is set up Great. Yeah. Yep. And I still remember those plays.


Again, it's a long answer for, I'm still excited about, I, I still think there's a lot of similarity. Yeah. Baseball's I think football still holds the most to maybe 45 years ago, if that's the right thing to share. Yeah. It's still about or not is still about. Yeah. Yeah. They, they change, you know, they can change the game. They can make certain hits illegal. It's harder to hit the quarterback, all this stuff. But anybody that says like, oh, they're, they're turning to flag football, it's try stepping out on the field. Yeah. Watch the, it's A, that it's A very violent sport. Yeah. So, so you mentioned the chiefs, you are a student of the game, historian of the game. If the Kansas City Chiefs win on Sunday and they complete the three-peat, are they the best team of all time?


And if not, who do you have? Oh, that's a tough one because we're, we're in the world of the goat. Again, the team is not the, that some other initial, but It's never been done. It's never been done in super Era, which, no. So here's the thing. And of course their fourth one's not that far back if they get it. Yep. Philly's the best team they're gonna play. I mean they, they're, this would be rough. We'll get to the game for them. A major in history of college, which neither here nor there, you know. Did I, did I go on to be a Rhode scholar in it? No, I'm saying Football major history as well. Didn't use it at all. Right. Well, I, no, I do. You gotta say, oh, I don't, well, we're in the United States, so you gotta know who, you know, Abel Lincoln and Thomas Jefferson and, and he throw 'em in every now and then.


Yeah. George Washington, he's on the dollar bill and you know, Andrew Jackson in Mississippi, new Orleans. You'll hear him this week. I'll, I'll, I'll trot 'em out. Okay. And so First of all, I'd like, I, I've been thinking all year that we might see it, but certain things had to happen for them to get to this place last year they won for the first time, but they beat Baltimore Buffalo and then Baltimore on the road. I don't think, think their defense is quite as good as last year. They would probably admit that and say that it's still better than the one that won the first time. Yep. But their offense was better than their passing game was better, I think.


And they also knew that they did not have to beat both by working their tail off and blocking field goals and having the Raiders fumble to snap and dunking it in off the upright. Yep. And the size 15 shoe on Baltimores with the size 13 foot. I mean, we could go on and on and on. Oh, they're lucky to win. Well, all that got 'em home and they did not have to play both Baltimore and Buffalo. Yep. I don't know that they could have gotten through the two of them on the road like last year. That sounds like I'm saying they wouldn't have won. No, But you're right. I I I don't know that they Would've. Yeah. So are they the best team of all time? The fact that you won three and Pittsburgh won two, but four in six years?


I still look to them, but then again, I'm, that's fif you know, I was young. Yeah. And football was different. And the difference, well 'cause Mahomes is constant, the coach is constant. I mean, I really haven't thought about this. Yeah. That question, which is great. Yeah. Because it Is history. Chelsea's the same, but Chris Jones. Yeah. Chris Jones. But there are not a lot of others. Whereas Pittsburgh, although that, you know, that was, you know, two and the Knot and then two, four and six years, you didn't change rosters because you couldn't. Right. They played until they were almost too old. Right. Because other than the draft, you're not, there's not, were we getting players? So guys who were in their 12th and 13th year, I mean the Steelers were kind of you, 78 Steelers for one year kind of come to mind.


So best team meaning in a five or six, seven year span or best single team. 'cause the chiefs might say, we've had the offense that won the first one, which remember they trailed by 10 in the fourth quarter of San Francisco, whatever it was. 11, it was 10 I think. Right. 10. But they had younger Mahomes, younger Kelsey. Not necessarily better actually. Not probably, but still them. Tyreek Hill and Sammy Watkins, they last year they couldn't catch the ball. Yeah. I mean, right. Until the, until they had to. Yeah. Right. Until they flipped. Yeah. So, so it, the I'm taking a long time because I want to give you, so the fact that they would win three in a row, does that put them ahead of any other three year span?


Well It, it's such a funny question too because like you said, I don't know this individual team. Yeah. You could, you could make the argument that the 16 and oh Patriots were a better team than these Kansas City Chiefs. But look who's, you know, got the opportunity to win three in a row. Correct. Yeah. And it's just going back, you know how hard it is to get back up. 'cause it's never happened. You know, there's team, there's been great teams. Cowboys won back to back, the Patriots won back to back. Like there's these great teams in the history of the NFL. But to be able to get back off the mat again and put together this season, it's incredible. It is. As, as you know, guys know, no one's ever made it back to the Super Bowl. Super Bowl. Yeah. I mean you would think one of them would've, but a lot of times they ran into an un a team that was gonna win the Super Bowl.


Right. Like Miami, that's going way back. Well that was the sea of hands. Excuse me. Pittsburgh got beat by Oakland one of the times and then Oakland won that first Super Bowl. So because they're not blowing teams away. You, the easy argument would be, well wait a minute, did you see those patriots? Except they don't have a championship. So they almost eliminate themselves right in the last minute, I guess in this discussion. Although they were great, the Bears of 85, which is for a one year team that was like, whoa. Obviously the 49 er team that won 15 and won the year before that.


More recently, new England. What would I say their be, well, their most wow team. 'cause they scored 50 every week was was the oh seven. Right. But their best team of the run was oh four of those three and four years was oh four. They had a big running back. They had Corey dealing, which he did not have the, the other two years in oh one and oh three. And, and Brady was better, you know, than he was in oh one. Although hard to get much better than clutch, et cetera. Sounds like I'm dancing around the answer. 'cause I don't know one year team. It's hard to Yeah. But yet, okay. It's the, the totality of it. Three years. But here's the thing. Yeah. Actually we should throw that all out the window and say the following, no team ever even made it back to the Super Bowl and they've lost one game since Christmas that they played everybody.


It's pretty insane. So if you Just say that, you don't care if it's 50 to three. Yeah. I don't know. Do you think that would Be, how about this? How about, how about not using the word best? The greatest? Yeah. I think it's, it's, it's, and and Andy obviously there's a lot of parts to a football team, but I think it puts Andy Reed and Patrick Mahome specifically at a different level because of that. Just the accomplishment that has never been done. And we know how hard it is to get back there. So if they do it, it's, it's gonna be one of those, wow. We, we probably won't see this ever again. I don't think we will. Just because of the way, you know, it's been the longest run 20 years from New England. It's the, we've never waited, waited this long.


You know, with the way roster chi, like in, in the seventies, they didn't change. So if you were Pittsburgh, you, well, you're also playing Oakland and Miami. But you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like they were very, we, I don't think we would see it again. At least in my lifetime. You guys are young. I mean, you just turned 40. I mean, I have socks older than both of you. Okay. It, it does rain the basement, it gets wet. You have to back up. But I'm not, they're of this run and they haven't beaten Philadelphia yet either, by the way. Right. Their defense of this run was the best last year. 'cause they had Sneed in addition to McDuffy, you know, although those young ones have gotten better.


So when Chris Jones takes three guys, Carol Loftus, who, Karl Loftus and Leo Chanel has lost the playoff. Chanel number five. Good perfume Badger Hasn't lost a playoff game, Huh? Yeah. Those guys That drafted in 2022 have not lost a playoff Game. Yeah. That's, it's pretty insane. See when you say that, and by the way, Mahomes is 17 and three in the playoffs. It's crazy. Bart Star was nine and one Mahomes is next in percentage nine and one, he lost the first one by the way, and won the other nine. I Wonder what Brady's gonna say during the game if the Chiefs win and if they win convincingly. Like, do you think Brady's gonna take a moment and just, and almost put Mahomes like in his place historically? Is he gonna want to do that? I, I think so. I don't think Tom is.


So wait a minute. Nobody's approaching me. I think I know Tom some have. I talked to him this year. Really not. But if we'd see each other we would. But we go back to oh one. I think Tom always felt embarrassed that he was put prematurely ahead of Joe Montana. If, if you just want to say one Yeah, of course. Joe was his hero. Right? He grew up in the Bay Area. So Tom lived it from the others. I don't think he's gonna be, well, nobody's approaching me. Right. I don't, I I don't see that in Tom. What, what would be the purpose? Right? It's a good question. I, I think what he would say is the kind of stuff that, that Teddy Bruski says week in and week out on our, on our, our morning show was a really good show they had this year, I mean, in my old show.


But I have nothing to do with it. I mean, I've, I did a few interviews and I got a piece Sunday on the other eight teams who tried to threepeat 'em. What happened to 'em? I already did that, but we'll see. Hopefully it runs. I don't know. Yeah. But I recorded it. But I don't think the fact that they find a way to win and they expect it to win and maybe the backup left guard also expects, so he's in there in the fourth quarter And we don't even know if it's going to be Patrick or if it's gonna be, we're gonna block a kick. We expect to win. Yeah. Yeah. And, And we expect the other team maybe to make a mental error somewhere. That's all it takes. Somewhere. Change their game plan a little bit.


Just a little. Which sometimes, oh, they changed at the last drive. They didn't suspect that they won. Yeah. But every time, look at the championship games against the Chiefs. Buffalo played great. Yeah. Yeah. That catch with King C he'd getting tough play. Okay. But another call, did he make it, did he forget it? But did, And we always cook on the last series. I know. Again, but I don't wanna say how foolish are you. Right? It's not for me to say. Yeah. It's just, we said it, it worked out. We said it. Baltimore gave up the run pre Derrick Henry last year a little early. Yep. In retrospect it was only a 10 point game.


Yep. A little early. I'm not saying that that makes Sean or John or their offensive coordinators. I'm not saying it's just sometimes we're gonna make a change because Mm. And Spags is ready for that. Yeah. And it's also the, the, the testament to their, the chief's greatness is they make teams panic a little. You know, where they, they will do something different. 'cause they're like, we're playing the Chiefs, we can't make mistakes. And then they get you in that, like the Baltimore game last year, the a FFC championship game, I thought the Ravens panicked. You know, I think so. Bill's not so much. No, the Bill's not so much The bills. I I think there was a couple plays and, and the, the few wrinkles that Spags put in that Annie Reed put in, that's sometimes the difference.


That's why the game is so much fun to watch. 'cause you just don't know what's gonna happen. Which Leads us to the thing, and I'm not trying to lead the witness here. I mean, you guys are interviewing me, but mistakes Philly in the playoffs is plus 10. Yeah. Yeah. Chiefs are actually minus one, which doesn't mean anything, but took the chiefs all year to get a plus. Yeah. Which again, defies but you didn't lose any games. Yeah. So Philly comes in, I would think pretty darn confident that we're not going to make mistakes. No. I mean, because they have not, I mean, by the way, they've lost one game since October 1st. Yeah. They've lost one. They've, they they have. Yeah. The, the Bucks game week four, September, September was the last time they lost a game that Jalen Hurst finished.


Correct. Played the whole game. Very good. So It's, it's pretty crazy. I mean, their defense is Lights out and Vic Fangio lights out. Do you want to give us your pick? Let me say the biggest thing in the game that obviously, duh Saquon Barkley plays for the Eagles and he ran for 2000 yards. Duh, Duh. Did, did did. Okay. By the way, in the playoffs. 2 0 5 1, you know. Yeah. The averages, whatever it is. Seven, 6.7 yards of car. The line. Oh, he's hurt the center. It no problem. Now I find this the most intriguing part of this game.


Look, Steve s Spanel has been around a long time. Andy's been around a long time. They all have a hand on the defensive game plan of those bags. You haven't seen game plans to show back to, not that we're going back to the, to the forties or the sixties, fifties and sixties with Jim Brown. Or even, you know, the running backs. What, where, Ooh, is it 2000 or in Henry's case, 1900 yard back been 10 years since Adrian Peterson. Like somebody like, whoa. Yeah. Okay, well if their quarterback plays great, then God bless you. You're gonna beat us. Here's a game plan. It's not, oh, they have a good passing attack too. They like to go to you. The other team likes to go to you. I, I get it.


But okay. This is a different, how do you And they play good running backs. The running backs that are good, but not this good. Right. With this good aligned, what kind of game plan are we gonna see? And the three of us aren't gonna be smart the way you guys might be. I'm not gonna be smart enough on TV or I'll be at the game, but which you at least see, oh, they're playing this linebacker to come up and chip. I, I, you know, I I don't during the game, I'm not that smart. So, but how does it turn out? Is there a number that you gotta keep him to? I don't think that's the case. Like when Buffalo beat Henry, he was under 90. Right. 85, 86, 84 or whatever it was.


So, okay. But if he gets one 20, which by the way is not a lot to ask, is that enough to tip it that we haven't made game plans like this? Yeah. Not with my team. I I find that, I find that interesting as, as hell. Yeah. I think it matters a lot how he gets that one 20. So he gets, you know, he breaks off a 70 yard run in the first quarter, scores a touchdown, kind of bottle him up a little bit after halftime. I think that, yeah, the Chiefs should be able to win a game like that. But if it's just constant, you know, he's, he's breaking off nine, 10 yard runs. They're Getting in the fourth and shorts and third and shorts when you know it's gonna work. Yeah. And I also feel like if the Chiefs win and, and the defense shows up and there's, you know, a couple splash plays here and there, like we've seen from the chiefs.


Ola should be a Hall of famer as a coordinator. Absolutely. I know they don't do that for just coordinators. You have to be a head coach. But if, if you're the DC for a team that wins three Super Bowls in a row, in large part because you dialed the right things up at the right times. Put that man in the Hall of Fame. Well he's done it. You know, had Bill Belichick never been a head coach, which is a big if now of course. But he already, you know, was on that path himself with the Giants game plans Buffalo. You know, we're going to Thurman Thomas. They're not gonna, we're gonna hammer every receiver. And if Thurmond Thomas gets 190 yards, which about he did. Yeah. In about 19 minutes or whatever they had the ball. But you're, I, I agree with that.


I mean that's a why, why can't they Punter never got in with duh ray. I was great. You know what, he's now the only one. Yeah. Like there's, there's others. There's others. Yeah. And I agree with that. But it's just different from a football. Like no one's really, 'cause the running back is like, oh, we remembered that running backs are Yeah. This year. Yeah. Right. Yeah. It's, it's been a really cool shift to watch because it, it's, you know, a lot of the, the two high safeties and, and being like, all right, you gotta beat us with, you know, going down the field, 10 yard drives and now running backs are the light boxes. Running backs had a resurgence this year. It's been fun. Yeah. I like it. And of course the Eagles love run block and do they pass block right now?


Hurts. Threw the ball great. That last game he did. You know, and of course they a lot of short fields they had. I mean but so what he threw, I went back to the Super Bowl two years ago. Doesn't make me a genius. We can all look it up. Right. You know, know Hertz was, we remember great that he was incredible. Yeah. He was better than he's played since. Right. So the receivers are the same three, the one caught seven and I, I'm gonna forget whether that was the Slim Reaper or, or was a Jre have been Smith Brown and Gotter, I think we're seven. Eight. 7, 6, 6 catching. Suppose they do that again? Yeah. While Barkley runs for just a pedestrian one 10 and Hertz runs a little, you know, let's see what happens now.


What is Fangio? Okay, so Kelsey caught a ton against Houston. If we just look at the playoffs, he had it off your 97 catches just stop. Okay. Houston, he caught a ton, right? Yeah. Buffalo. I think two. Yeah. They kind of took him away. So where Does this go? Does this six is and what are the six? And, and who then on the chiefs beats them? And we know what the answer's gonna be in a minute, but what receiver, they're kind of the way they've evolved this year, especially with, you know, Hollywood out and he's back. But we'll see, you know, rice out and they were cultivating him and if Kelsey isn't, oh my God, we can't cover him.


And I don't, I think Billy's pretty good. Yeah. At all levels. Who So I'll give you a prop. Oh, I like it. Maybe not the first one 'cause we were on it. Yep. Well you gave us NVS last year. Yeah, last year. And he didn't score first, but he scored, which is a great, great. He caught the ball. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I like where, I like where you're going. I like it. I love it. It would be plays inside Red Zone and maybe what they call the inner red zone, or, or there's another name for it, but, okay. You'd be at the 12, But I mean Yeah. The pole line. Yeah. 10. I mean, not Deandre Hopkins.


Yep. Because, because he's, can he get open the way he used to on a 40 yard pattern? Maybe not. He still could. He's Deandre Hopkins. Still tall with big hands. Those hands. So what do we see down there? Yeah. From the 12, from the seven. We haven't seen it yet. There's, there's, I think if that's the sort of game that the Eagles are gonna give them, kind of, you know, dink and dunk plays and the chiefs are gonna trust themselves and not to turn it over. Okay. Now at the seven, we got three guys on Kelsey. Yeah. Duh. Yeah. And then, And, and then, well, that leaves. So Hopkins up here.


Yeah. I, that's my, I like it. Of thought. I our Anytime touchdown. Love. I love it. D Deandre Hopkins is, has been such a good player for such a long time and he's played on some terrible teams. He's had some really bad years in his career, just in terms of having to show up every day. And, and still, you know, he's still always been a professional, but in some situations where it was a little bit harder to do this has got to be like, he is so focused on this game. This is what he's worked for. This is why he's, he's done it all these years and he finally gets a chance. He's a little bit older. He can still catch the ball. He can catch the hell outta the ball. I like that. Pick a lot. I also like A touchdown. Not that a Touchdown. I love, I love the pick. Who would be super, I also like, go ahead.


On Philly. I like Goddard. Love it. He's underrated. Mike, God going, he, he's, he's leading their team in, in receiving yards, these playoffs. Whose Birthday is it last? He's just been an absolute beast. Saquon's Birthday. It, Saquon's birthday. Did you know that? Yeah. On The Super Bowl. On the Super Bowl, yeah. The Super Bowl. And Cooper and Cooper. By the way, how did Howie Roseman draft the last few years? Yeah, those two dbs. It's pretty crazy. The kid from Toledo. Toledo, Mitchell. Yeah. Yep. Mitchell. And then, and then the Carter and, and the guys up front, either two years ago or three. They've remade that defense. There's not a weak bond trade.


They, but I like where you're going with Godard too. Yeah. He, he's, they were a better passing offense than they've been in December, you know. Yeah. With him back. Right? Yeah. I bet all his props the last three games, it's just do it again this season. Cotton turned around down in New Orleans on that one breakaway run that he had too. Yeah. They were, that game was not in hand. They looked like they might lose that one. And the season was kind of shaky, sir. Honest making What? Early in the year. Yeah. It was making some weird decisions. It was, that was a moment that kind of shifted the entire season around for him. That's a good call. Especially since they reminded me after they won there, you know, we never win in New Orleans. Yeah. I mean, you could look it up.


I'm sure they'd won a but he goes, we, we never win there. And the Saints had scored 91 points in two weeks. Yeah. But we, we barely remember that team. Right. I know. Then what happened? Well, they got in their own way. Yeah. But, but that was a big win. Do you know that? How about, this is an interesting one. I just thought of this. The first game of the year was Chiefs, right? In Baltimore. Yep. Thursday. Second game of the year was in Brazil. Philly, they're still playing. Yep. Just the playing. Yeah. That's a lot of Football. It's a lot's a lot of football. Long Season lot. I I like where you went on, on the, on the touchdown of Goddard. Yeah. I I like that. I like our, I'm betting all the Goddard props as well. Yards catches. It's gonna be a big day for Godard.


Big day. It's a big guy. Good hands. They, you know, there's just a lot to see. And, and, and then, and then the other thing I would say, back to Spags for a minute. So the blitz that he called the, that, then Josh had to throw, I mean catchable, but it, he didn't, and it was a tough play. Right. He didn't, now McDuffy didn't get through, but that allowed Carlis to get through. Just like the one late in the Super Bowl regulation last year that McDuffy did come through. Purdy had to throw it in the dirt and they kicked a field goal other than like, maybe go ahead by Senate. And then the Chiefs only got a field goal at the end of Senate in overtime.


It's not the same blitz, but was But when is it coming? Yeah. When is it coming and what is it coming? Yeah. You know, Vic doesn't, he doesn't blitz as much by the way as we say that. Yeah, He might. Yeah. But he sends one, so that's fine. 'cause that front that's, so you send four on the one that leaves some pretty good coverage back. Yeah, I mean the, but the the reason, okay. So I think the Chiefs win because the guy I call, he likes this, the electric eel, that's Mahomes. When he runs he slithers. You know what I mean? And it's like, I like that. It's not a run.


Oh. It's an RPO. And we're rolling out with Patrick, the two runs against San Francisco after we hurt the ankle. Right. The run last year late, by the way. Fourth and one. Yep. In the, you're down by three, you get stopped. See you later. Congratulations. 49 ERs. Yeah. Not four yards. It wasn't even a, but he walked up to the line slowly and I asked him, so I mean, did it occur to you that, you know, like the game's over if for example, you even bottled the snap and you're trying to run behind. It's one false step. Yeah. He's like, no, I, I I knew we had to convert it And we would like really, like that's quite an answer.


Yeah. It'd be an answer. Like I would get from Tom or from Joe Mont Montana. Yeah. But so, you know, you look at stats, you know, Mahome six for 42, which is good, but win and it's always okay, you got a lot a slither for those five extra yards. Oh, it is a first down. Even though it's third 12. Yeah. You got 14, not eight. And we can now punt him in the corner. Yeah. It's Just, it is, it's crazy. It's, no one looks at him as his running. 'cause he's not Lamar he's not. But he doesn't, Josh, he's not Yeah. Name your guy. Right. But When the playoffs come, he makes those big plays. It's So much fun to watch.


Now that being said, Philly's going, you're not giving us our due. 'cause I think they have the least questions, maybe even less questions than the chiefs of any team in football With that. Yeah. Top to bottom the roster is Lights out. What Sweet, what was the score? Well, the score that I'm gonna print, but for your show, I'm changing it. Yeah. Because we need that Need. We do. We need the Schwab because you last year, the one that always told, so no, you'll read. Go ahead. I've told you it's, it's because when I was a kid and I was watching and you would do the scores and I'd be like, what, why, what is that score? And then I'd see the little arrow next to it. And that's like, oh, okay. Point spreads. Okay, this makes sense. So like 80, I loved it. 80. The Rams were playing. Brett Fav. I had like 85, 82.


Yeah. But somebody covered, I had the arrow, you know, like, What is he an idiot? Well, 2218. I'm telling you a lot of points. Okay. Yeah. Right. I don't get so literal Or Three to two. I used once. Yeah. A long time ago because why not? Yeah, right. A running knife. Yeah. So you'll see in print, 'cause I wrote a thing, but it won't be out till Friday. This show probably run before. So you'll see 27, 24 Kansas City, you, you'll see it. But for this show, For this show, We'll go to go because if you have these squares, you're upset. Really? 29, 26. Right? Same spread. I like it. Yeah. You know, 29, 26 chiefs.


I, I somehow think that's a little high. Yeah. But it could, it Could be upper twenties. How do we get there? What do you guys think? How do we get, How, how do we get to 29? Well, I hadn't got that far yet. I'm walking up here to do the show. I said I can't give him 27 24. I I can't do that. These guys will run me outta the Building point. I have a, I have a 29. Go ahead Mr. Yeah. I have a future on the Eagles. I think I, I think my squares are two and one, which are the worst numbers possible. Want 21. So Maybe 32, 31 Eagles. Yeah, anything's possible. That's A weird Score. Well, that's about, Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean, how do you get to 29? There's gotta be a safety in there somewhere. Yeah. Right. I don't know where, I dunno, maybe it's, maybe it's 21 and then a two point conversion.


Yeah. You said 29, 26. 29. 26. Yeah. So if it's 29, yeah, you go for two once. But that's four touchdowns. Yeah. Now Elliot has missed some extra points in the Super Bowl. I know. He's a very good kicker. He's a lot of the good kickers had bad years. I know. Not only Tucker, It started hot and then it started to Right And everyone started missing. But He's made all the field goals, but he's missed three X or so. Maybe that's, and they have to go for, there's something in there. Yeah, it's, so it's 29, 26 chiefs. It's maybe 26, 21 Eagles chief score. And they say, Hey, let's go up three instead of two.


Of course. 29, 26. Of course there it is. Safety. Who would get the safety? We'll get back to boom in a second.


But first I wanna tell you that Marshawn Lynch got rid of the bo from Beast mode. He's going east Mid Eastman. There's no B, there's no O. He's just east Mid Marshawn Lynch is partnering with Dove men plus Care whole body do to get rid of Bo everywhere. Even in beast mode. Now East Mid Merch is available along with more info about Dove Men plus Care whole body do@eastmid.com. That's beast mode. Without the B, without the O Guys don't really talk about Bo, but the Dove men plus Care whole body do gets rid of Bo everywhere. Learn more@eastmid.com. That's E-A-S-T-M-D e.com. And check out Dove Men plus Care whole body do at Walmart.


I have the best bet. I think I told you this, I don't bet anymore. I mean a long time ago, that's 40 years. But Swami is all for fun and true. But first mortgage payment. I decided now you're not doing this anymore. That was early eighties. You get a little baby and whatever. So, but I could still root. At any rate, I'm in the hotel, the Seahawks at versus Denver and New York. Yep. Just like Thursday. And when there happened to be a lot of Seahawk fans and they know that I liked them and I picked them for the Super Bowl that year. Or I mean, you know, and, and Oh, we know you like us, you know, wearing the hats and great colors.


The guy goes, whoa, I made two bets. The kind of wild ones. I might have told you guys this. I said, okay, well what are you? 'cause I'm at that point, you're not, I'm 10 years ago. It's not as, I'm sorry. Prevalent as all the things you could bet now even though they existed. Right? Yeah. First score safety. Oh. And whatever those odds were like, okay. And, and sure enough, the ball went over. Peyton said was two, nothing. I had The Broncos in that game. It was not fun. Two, nothing. It was not fun. That Was, I didn't cheer once. Griffey had a two run Homer. Right? Right out of the gates for Seattle. Okay. Yeah. Didn't cheer once. Then The other one was okay.


He said, I also bet, here's the odds on Denver. Maybe they score, remember they scored 600 and whatever points right. To win by 20 or more. It could have been 21, but 20 or more. What were those odds? The team scored 600 points. I put money on the Seahawks to win by 20 or more. I went, Ooh. Now let me think about like your question. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Let me think how that could happen. Yeah. Denver's gonna get no points. I mean, you know, 14. Okay, let me think about this. They're gonna return an interception, like there could be a safety, which is only two and Yeah.


Yeah. He goes like, those are the two guy, I never met this guy. He was in the lobby of a hotel. He had a Seahawk ski hat on. I'm sure he was happy. Yeah. A lot of money, safety And Seahawks by 20. It was a pretty big odds that they were gonna roll the Bronco. That's a hell of a bad. I was like, okay. That all stuck in my mind. Yeah. So to your point, okay, how do we get to 29 or 26? Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I don't know. I'm gonna Bet the exact score now I have to Yeah, I have to Show only you're the swamp. You'll see it. I gave 27 20. But for this show, yeah. Exclusive. And you on Godard for any score or First score? I might as well. Yeah. Any score. I'm gonna do Hopkins anytime.


Touchdown tails. I like that. Yeah. And tails Tail's a big one also. Here's Oh, tails always. Here's a nice one I'm on. Always. It's like Roulette tails Fails tails. Go with it. No dos. It's a hot bet is No kidding. Is there a No dos two years ago? He bet. No dos. I bet no dos in the first matchup between these two teams, minus a thousand were the odds on it. So I looked at it like an investment. I made 10% back. If there's no, no dinks were there Where There was a do Thought. So was a Oh Sure there was. And it was, it was bad. But, oh wow. I'm simply just gonna bet more this year on no dinks. The do theory. It can't happen twice. Yeah. Lightning doesn't strike twice actually, does It? Can't we? And they've already, the chiefs have dont.


Yeah, right. Yeah. I mean, so they should be good for no Dons hope so. I Wouldn't think either Think Elliot, Have they During the season? I Don't know what the, the point you made about Elliot. You know, he's the most accurate fuel goal kicker in the history of the postseason. And he's the least accurate extra point kicker in History. I did not know season. I think they're four and oh four. Four and Oh. When he misses an extra point. So Oh, they, well it means they're kicking extra points. Yeah. Right. Yeah. See that's how you read. Yeah. Right. It's okay. They score scored a touchdown. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I didn't know. Well, I'm not surprising. I mean, I'm not saying he's gonna have a bad, we thought moody, you know, rookie kicker, you know, he's kicking 57 yarders.


So no dinks is that nos the same thing. A thou Thousand minus a thousand minus thousand. Yeah. 10% return on investment. I mean, try to find me better investment than that overnight. So You gotta hit 10 in a own out of say you've made money. I don't, yeah, That's one way to look at It. That's one way to look at it. Yeah. I didn't think about It that way, but I, I might be betting 10 times as much as I did the first time. So he is make it All bad. Oh, let it ride. Yeah. I'm gonna, well, I lost Oh, like a rule Lifetime. I let that, I Found a, a system in a, a flaw in how gambling math is constructed, but in reality, I'm probably gonna lose a lot of money. You're gonna win this year. I like it. Okay. I'm gonna keep that in my, when I, yeah.


Here's another stat. Has nothing to do with my pick, because if Philly wins, I will not be surprised. I mean, I think the Chiefs are gonna win because Coach Reed and Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. It just, it's not the magic thing, it's just when you've, when you've won this many ways and you're confident that we're going to not all gonna figure it out, then, then you've lost. Yeah. But like no something's going to happen. The kid, the, the Es or the returns a kick, you know, Tony two years ago with the punt. Yeah. Like you just this so special team, something odd is gonna happen.


But here's an interesting number. And again, this is no reflection on Nick Fangio Vic. Nick Vic Fangio, who's a great defensive coordinator and his, you know, put his pel up there against the chiefs on nine. Yeah. Now six were head coach Denver. Yep. They weren't good. And the Miami teams. Yeah, Miami Great. Miami last year too. And he was the brought in as the consultant in the Super Bowl two years ago, which I forgot. Oh, he wasn't the coordinator Again, I'm, this is not okay run because they're O nine that nothing, it's just, by the way, you think it's something you think he's sick and tired of that. Yeah. Yeah.


So maybe he does dial stuff that he doesn't change normally. A little different dial at a point in the game. That's just the right point. Yeah. One other thought. Don't you think that Fox or whoever's doing the game, which is Fox, you know, we, we've all invented the line, you know, for the first down line. But for the Eagles, you should only have it nine yards. Yeah. Seriously. Right now have a green line. Seriously. Right. Let's just have it because third and fourth and one, And we, they should already be on the line. Yeah. Yeah. The TCH still. Yeah, it's Absolutely true. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if we brought this up last time, but Chuba Hubbard and you called him the Chuin Missile Crisis.


The Chuba Missile Crisis. That's Beautiful. W was that a moment where you're like, still got it? Like Yeah, the Schwab still got it. 'cause I thought That, thank you. When I heard it, I was like, still Got it. I didn't do it to be again, American history. So there you go. Yes. There it is. Yes, I was alive then. I was young, I was seven. I mean, I didn't, you know, Kennedy Castro, I mean yeah, the Cuba Missile crisis quietly the year before. But he didn't have the year like he did this year, you know, and then they won some games and they upset a couple teams late in the year so you could use it. It wasn't that I still had, it was like, it came to my head in like eight seconds. I, not while I'm doing it live, but tube, tube levels.


Yeah, It's right there. No, the tube of missile crisis. Like, and that's the way they used to come when I was young and had a brain, you know, like in the eighties and Nineties. So you still got it. Well, no, you still had it. That's it. Well, thank you. That's vintage. Everybody. Everybody hits the green every now and then. But I'm From one 50. Okay. I watched, I watched the interview with Bob Dylan. He was like, I don't have what I had when I was younger. Like, I can't just spit out songs like I used to. You can, you can still find it. Well, Not as much as you guys do on your, on your ode to me. I mean, I'll tell you where I, I I, I don't know if this was last year or this has had just happened this year, so I may have told you about it, but we didn't do it on the show.


I don't read Twi. I don't even know how to go, you know, whatever. But sometimes it stuff flows to me and I see it. Can you believe The facts? Chris Berman is ripping off those two guys. Yeah. That's the best. I've read it just a few times. That's The best. No, it's an o It's like, okay. The other one, the other one that we, we we laugh at is we do Mount Rushmore season in the summer and people, and it's, it's an ode to our fans who are the most loyal fans. But people saying like, whenever anyone else does Mount Rushmore season, they're like, you're ripping off. Pardon My Take. It's like, guys, we didn't invent this. This is not, we're just doing something in the summer when you got nothing to talk about. Dude. That's smart. That's smart. You still got It. It's our loyal fans. No, and then they want, they want your take on it, obviously.


Yeah. Mount Rushmore's not easy. Matter of fact, I was a Seattle camp this summer and I'm close at the Seahawks. I liked them. They had a nice year. Coach McDonald will be good. They're gonna be, they're gonna be okay. So they asked me for their in-house and I think they put it on somewhere. I don't know. Like, I really wouldn't prepare. Who are the, who are the Mount Rushmore for the Seahawks? And I went, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah. How about Mount Rainier? Can we go with Mount Rainier please? And they went, whoa, that, you know, and then I gave him Duh. Steve Largent. Yeah. You know, cor Supreme Cortez Kennedy. And so good big Walt Jones and whoever else I, you know, whoever else I said, but no, that's yours.


Take it. Even though, even though you know they haven't put a new one up there, said Teddy. Yeah, Roosevelt. Yeah. Well There's some, nevermind, There's Some rumbling that, nah, nevermind. I don't want anyone to go There. I don't want to give it Any Jimmy Carter Rush. Maybe Jimmy Carter homage. Oh No. Somebody who's in now. Mount Rushmore. Mount Rushmore. Come On now. What, what do do you do a Fastest two minutes after the Super Bowl? No, no, no, no, no. I do, I do Prime time after the Super Bowl. Yeah. So you'll see me like we did championship on ESPN, the regular. And it's just interesting. People go, oh my God, no. I've been doing prime time for like six years now.


Yeah, I know. On ESPN plus, I understand it's 1299 a month or whatever. It's, I make no money off it. Listen, Listen, I watch it because I have, I have the ESPN plus. You got to, I gotta watch every game. Well I appreciate it, but it's like, wow. Oh Look who just walked in? Who'd we got here? Another Super Bowl legend. Well, I don't know if I'm wrong. Sit Right there. Oh, he's a podcaster. Sit right there. He is a podcaster. Sit, sit right there on this show. Sit right there. Yeah, you should go sit right there At the diner. Sit there Jules. Sit in the seat with the Mike talking to Mike. Julian, what's up? What's happening? How you been? I get up with this couch is D What's Up buddy? What's up? What's up man? Good to see you wearing a shirt. Sit right down. See, I'm overdressed for this room.


He's a big time. A WL Good. How are You on, on stage at the Boston Garden? I mean, you remember that? Yeah. You and me and Kenny And Flutie. We had a, we had a, we, we had some good times. Just Boston. That was where was, we were at the ESPY's, we were literally at the ESPY's in 2011, I believe. Oh, them Unknown. Julian Edelman Unknown. We went out to dinner at, or we, we went post somewhere. We went to the little diner over there in the mid Wilshire and I, and I was telling him, literally you gotta go on this show. Part of my take. These guys pretty much designed a show off of you. And I went, no, you Hit. I was Probably a little hammered going A little differently.


Wait, dude, this was year 2000. This was 2011. That too early because 2012 then. No, 16 is when we started. Yeah, Way off. Listen, hold on. Way was way off. Lemme give, lemme give You a broadcasting tip 'cause I can still do that for you. Yeah, yeah. You go receiving, you got catches and super bowls. You got, don't ever let the facts get in the way of a good story. Exactly. If you tell me it's 2012. It's 2012. Right. But it Was 2016, I think. 2016. That's exactly what you were saying to the earlier Ever say, Hey, if you can, you fly out to la Hey, what happened to the telephone? Can I just do it on the phone? I know, I know. But my kids are in LA so it'll happen.


It'll happen. My kids with little grandsons, they're out There. It is crazy that you came in here, Jules, because Chris was just telling us a second ago how if the Chiefs win the Super Bowl far and away, the best team of all time. I did not, No close sound. I mean they wanted to gold me into it. However, it's your take on it. Look, this is something that's never been done. And if they go out and win this, this game, there's no reason you can't argue them to be the greatest football team of all time. Not only did they only lose two games this year, they're back to back Super Bowl champs. And I've been in the situation, when you win one Super Bowl and you go back to the next one, you're America's most wanted every freaking week.


Everyone is literally playing their best game against you dog shit. Teams that aren't supposed to play good, play good against you. This team is battle tested. If this is a close game, I mean, they're gonna be the best football team of all time, probably. Yeah. Which is because they've won in various ways Right? Various ways. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I mean, some of the Patriot teams won by 50 all the time. But, but when you win in the odd ways, It, it's the odd ways. But they've also won so much where you put yourself in a situation where you're not thinking about stats. You're thinking about what do we have to do to win this game? What do we have to do to have one more point than this team, the Rolex situation where the times more important than the ball or the points.


All these little situations that we've all heard through the Patriots things and all that. Now, like you're watching it firsthand with the Kansas City Chiefs who dominate in all those situations. May not have an electric guy, may not have someone that's gonna blow the top off, but they know how to execute when it's a high pressure situation in those situations. It's the, it's the, the a FFC championship game that we just watched with the bills where we were sitting in the gambling cave being like, you know, it's third and nine. We're like, oh, are they gonna kick a field goal here? Are they gonna punt? And then I had to stop myself and be like, what am I talking about? They're gonna convert This. I gotta go though. I'm gonna do Gruden, guys. I'm sorry. Oh, oh Yes. Whoa, whoa, whoa. He could wait from me. I, I say I Don't wanna steal yours. This Is you. One thing.


So on you were still kind of relatively unknown. Yeah, it was Boston after the marathon thing. Yeah, yeah. Thing, Right? Bombing Awful. Yeah, awful. And Boston Garden had what Master Corps Garden did like after, you know, nine 11 and it was one and all the great, you know, Aero Steven Tyler and I mean James Taylor and James People or no new kids on the block were there. Yeah. I mean every buffet even showed he used John Denver. We, we did. It was, it was great. I mean, we could go on and on and on. So they had four of us sports other than to intro. We introduced Carol King and, and and James Taylor. Which, James Taylor too. So we had, here's where history came in for me.


So Julian was up there, Doug Flutie, Right. Flutes, Bro, Bruski Teddy. And I said, okay. They did all the Boston stuff. Where am I gonna go? I'm last I, and I went back to the Revolutionary War. I said, you know, I love that we Didn't fire till we saw the white in their eyes. We didn't. I majored in history down the road in Rhode Island, remember that? I Remember Like yesterday. He was like, oh my God. And I went, you know Paul Revere? Yeah. He did One Lantern and he was off. Know John Hancock was buried right down the street. I was all in the damn, I was in it. Great to see You're media mog. Yeah. Right. I can't believe I'm not shocked, pal. No way.


All day. I just wanna say hi to shit. Yeah, You did Say hi. I said you gotta ju check these guys out. All boys. Yeah. Yeah. I'll see you see Jules, man, What a fucking year for you. Pretty cool, right? Yeah. Let's, Yes. I forgot that I should, I should enjoy football season for, I should have for the First time. No longer. I Should have. I should've done. I Yes. And that, and it's funny, you got an owner, you got a general manager, you got a coach, you got a quarterback all at the same time. And I haven't had any of those. And then what? Yeah, you saw it. Yeah. And a franchise, it's your team, but a franchise that there's lot to hang on, but not lately.


Right? Yeah. And it's cool for football, somebody asked me, what do you think the best coaching job of, of the ones that were available this year? And I said, well, I'm not analyzing what their cap is. I'm not analyzing the draft numbers. So, so there might be different answers. But if similar to yours, if you can hit in Chicago, if you can hit, you know, yeah. You guys know if you can hit now, that's a big hit. Yeah. I mean that's, every team in the division won 11 games. I know. But, but if you can hit there. So Washington was, if you can hit Yeah, that was a great, that was great. That was Pretty awesome. I like to remind people too about, about Joe Gibbs. 'cause I feel like people don't talk about the job Joe Gibbs did in the eighties and early nineties.


Enough. The fact that he won three Super Bowls with three different starting quarterbacks and three different running backs is crazy. I don't think we're ever gonna see that again. No, no. I don't see it. Especially, I mean, the only constant, there was a couple of changes in the hogs, but the hogs were Yep. I mean, Russ Grim and, and, and Bostic and, and I mean there were a couple of, Chache was he wasn't on the first Kobe. Yeah, right. But but they, but they were, but they had the, you're right. 300 quarterbacks. It's pretty crazy. None of you know, will Doug and what he accomplished, just the big picture. You know, I knew him a long time, but they're all good.


I mean, Joe Yeah. Iceman and then Mark Rip. They were all good. It's not like, eh, they won the Super Bowl, but they weren't. Yeah, but they're not Hall of Fame. Doug could be for reasons why it's obvious. Right. Yeah. But Joe Gibbs a great, yeah. I mean a great coach and, and well in this case different quarterbacks. But you got one now. I mean, this kid, I hope so. You know, when I knew you had one, actually, Dan Quinn and I have known each other a long time. I don't wanna misrepresent that. I talked to 'em all the time. But we, when we talk, we talk a while, and I said, your first game of the year where you got people at Tampa, right? Was that the first game he got hit hard. Second quarter, third quarter. I remember the helmet was off.


He got hit hard, like welcome to the NFL type of hit and a smile on his face. I said, and I'm watching tv. We, we watch like the eight games. So we don't even hear any of the audio. I'm just Okay. He he loves this. Yeah. Not loves getting hit hard, but he loves this. Yeah. That was my Dan goes, I remember that pretty clearly. Yeah. That's the guy we saw in August. That's the guy we saw, you know, in in mini camp in, you know, whenever he signed in June or whatever. And yeah, you got somebody now it's fun. Yeah. Isn't it fun? The only thing you miss is the stands that used to move on RFK.


Right. So we just, I think we got that land back. I heard, I think we're gonna develop that. RFK too. RFK Junior is what some people don't do that. James be taking these shots, then Everybody will have different health, you know, Like, but no, I think they're gonna get that land back. And ideally it would be cool if there was a section of the stadium that was like on hydraulics. Yeah. Like a rollercoaster. Yeah. That could bounce if you jumped on it. Like, Hey, you're going to the springy part of the stadium. Yeah. Here's your waiver to sign, make that thing shake again. They, I mean those fans there I was at a couple of those championship games. The the 82 and the 80, was it 83?


They beat San Francisco, but lost Super Bowl. So I mean it was like, whoa. This is, I mean, I was young then covering that. It was like, ding. Yeah, look at these stand. They're moving and they're singing hail to the Redskins at the time. You know, it was like, this is good. It's good. It's like vibe like Detroit. It's good that they were Yeah. Good. Yeah. And they'll be good next year and Buffalo. So what's going to happen next year? Somehow, unless the bills have a rough year, which I think they'll be better. They came farther than a lot of people thought in August. Me. Yeah. Trust Me, bills a rebuild year. Trust me. Somehow they will not be on the path of Kansas City in the playoffs.


Like, I don't know how, how do we get to 29? Yeah. I don't know. I'm not gonna predict. But somehow it won't something and they're not gonna see him. Not that they couldn't beat him somehow. That'd be nice. Remember that we Yeah, we, we said it here. It just, I mean that that would, I mean they, you know, Tom Brady was, excuse me, Peyton was Oing two against, it seemed like Owen 10 against, against, against Manning was Ing seemed like owning 10 against Brady in the playoffs. Really? Oh. Two. He ended up three and two now. Now it's oh and four. And it's not about who beats who, but at, anyway, we're, we're digressing 'cause we're talking football. Yeah. I, I do have a question.


I don't think we've ever asked you before. What is the best football game you've ever seen? So I've been fortunate enough, so let me say that I don't go to that many because of all the Sunday shows. Right. So in the eighties and sometimes Monday night games, I would go until I was doing all the stuff. So one, you know, I'm at all the Super Bowls, so we could pick any of like 10, right? So let's You wanna eliminate them for the minute, for a moment while I do this? Sure. I was at the Monday night game that Marino beat the 85 Bears. Oh.


'cause there were 12 and Oh, and they were the Bears. I mean, in one year they were Job Bears and McMahon. And I don't have to tell you every, I mean they're getting, they, I'll tell you my story from that game. So I did the show Sunday. I mean that's like a, a again, we're, we're doing football and not in a coal mine. Right. But you know, you go in the building about seven and you leave at 1230 at night and you go home and then take a six o'clock plane to go to Miami because you're gonna see the game of the year. I think it's still the highest rate of Monday night game of all time. Because the ratings were different then anyway. Right. And the orange, it's in the Orange Bowl, which say what you want rickety.


It's the Orange Bowl. Yep. Okay. And hang up to get that. Do my pregame interviews, including Coach Shula. He always gave me one, not sure why, but he did like at 6 0 5 and Sports Center, he would be there. And I got up something to eat, then came back down and I'm about 15 minutes before the game. They started at nine o'clock Eastern then. So it was late. But you know, you come down, it's under the Orange Bowl. It's like a light, like a, like a carpenter's light. Like hanging like a single light bulb as you walk under the, it's like, are you kidding me? This is the orange. And then you go out and there's the palm trees. It's early December and you've come from Connecticut.


It's nice. And there are the bears over there. And I, but I come out on the dolphin side and to me, Shula's Jaw was out a little farther and at, at 8 45. And I looked down, I looked down the bench and I come out and I see Larry Chanka, I see Jim Kick, I see Paul Warfield, I see Larry. All these guys are friends of my life. I see Larry Little and you know, and a couple others. Nick I'm sure was there, Bon County. And I went, oh, okay. Oh, I see what this is. They're all here.


All those guys from the 72 Dolphins, the Bears are not winning this game. I don't know how that's gonna go. And they didn't. And that was really Marino's finest hour. 'cause he never went to this other than the Super Bowl that they lost to Montana. The other one I'll give, because it might bring us back to this. I know you want to run out and I mean, you know, you got other people, but it brings us to New Orleans. The game that reopened after Katrina here. Yeah. So they hadn't played in a year and a half. Right. Katrina was a, was a staging area for the homeless. I mean, they had 10,000 cots or whatever, whatever the number is. I may have my facts wrong.


And then they didn't even open for like three games. So it was like late September. It was their first game. It was a Monday night game, which we had that year in oh six. It was Atlanta. And I re and I, you know, it was Unbeliev. People were hugging and crying in the stands. Like you made it like, you know, season tickets, you, you're friends with them, but you don't even know where they live. Like, you don't, Hey, did you make it? You you don't know their phone number. You're like a family at these games. And we did, we did the p you know, we did came out to everybody. And I was the last one s Steve Young's on the set, Tommy, et cetera. And they came to me and you could just feel it and what it meant to these people here in New Orleans.


I'm, I'm tearing because sports still does that. It was incredible. Yeah. And I looked in the camera and I said, the 78 Steelers would not win here tonight. Yeah. No way. You can look that up. And, and then Steve Gleason And we know his story. Yep. And he's topical this week. He's still doing charity events. He and his wife Michelle. And I'm gonna go to one tomorrow and he blocked the kick. I've never heard any place so loud. You know, I mean, are you kidding me? And that, and that's New Orleans, right. Like that it reminds us of what a team can be to a community. It was a September game. So true. It was those two is regular season Super Bowl.


We could debate for a whole show. And I I, I wouldn't want to just throw a couple out because you just say the catch. Huh? You didn't just say the catch. You were there. I didn't get there yet. Yeah. I was going regular season. Those are the two regular season games. Can we, can we call A Kleenex? Yeah. I'm tearing on that too. I mean, it is, I mean it really is. The catch would be, it kind of was at the beginning of my career. Yeah. And as it turned out, the beginning of my association with the 49 ERs, which that was one of the most, that and the bills, the niners of the eighties and the bills of the nineties. I didn't get into it to be a jock sniffer. Trust me. Yeah. But it, I was their age. Yeah. I picked them every week. I was doing the two 30 in the morning show, which is 1130 out there.


I went to cover the championship game. Little Chris Berman. I'm 20, whatever, six, seven years old, whatever. And one of the veterans, Charlie Young said, oh, you're the swami. Right? Yeah. You've been picking us every week. Right? Yeah. I'll have everybody lined up for you. 11 players lined up to do an interview from Joe Montana to, you know, Jack Reynolds was the middle linebacker then to, it was. So yeah, I was getting there. I was kind of eliminating the playoffs. So you're gonna gimme a tissue. I need It. You go, I I mean, I'm happy I cry at the Lion King. No, no. It's the Gleason one is, is fantastic. And by the way, Dwight died Of of a LS Yeah. A SI didn't, my mother-in-law passed away from a ls.


I'm sorry. So it's, yeah. I mean it's, it's a horrific disease. But the, the, the point of the, the Saints one, which I love is just, you're right, what sports mean for a city in a community, it's, you can't get it anywhere else. That's, and that's why we love this game. That's why we watch this game. It's beautiful. Yeah. And the city's been through a lot, you know, they still, you know, it's still, you can see the effects still. And, but they know how to throw a party. They, they even move Mardi Gras kind of sorta a week. Right? Yeah. Like kind of sorta. I don't know how that It's a Three week party. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, Schwam, you're the best. Yep. Oh, this is our favorite. We're, I'm so happy. This become a tradition next year. We gotta do it again next year.


Next year before I believe in a row five, I Think about five Because we chewed Connecticut. That's like Five one in your place. Yeah. I love the cookbook Too. Yep. Donny Donny. Right. So yeah, this is year four. It's seriously something we look forward to In San Francisco. I mean, now you're Yeah. That's a home game. Yeah. That's, yeah. That's maybe We go to house of Prime rib. Well, we Could go anywhere. We can go to the Buena Vista where they invented the Irish coffee. Okay. Now, now you talk about important in, in the light bulb is one thing. Yes. Okay. But, but the Irish coffee is another thing. Right? Yeah. They didn't invent that in Ireland, huh? The Irish coffee. Yeah. Yeah. Well, at least in ar look, they claim they invented it. Like, you Know the smart Yeah. Louis' Lunch in New Haven claims the event of the hamburger.


We're going with it. Okay. Yeah. So listen, I'm proud of what you guys have stood for. I don't want to come and blow smoke, you know, but you know that I, I, this is not, you guys love football. That makes it, that's 80% of the battle before you even open up your mouth on any of your shows. You know, pro football, that's another, now I'm Yogi, I'm gonna run outta the percentages. You know that 90% of the game is mental, the other half is physical. So, but, but you, you, you, you love pro football, you know, pro football and you're inquisitive about pro football, but you have opinions that are Hmm. Okay. I get how you got there. You, I disagree. And you know, you you, that's hard to convince people that that's what you're about until they listen all the time.


Yeah. We love you. Greatest to ever do It. Yeah. And we, And we really hope you understand how much you mean to us. Wow. And how much this means to us because it's, we've done a lot of stuff. We've been doing the show for nine years and there's a lot of pinch me things. But I think this is at the top of the list of, Hey, every year we get to sit down with the right before the Super Bowl. It's awesome. I wouldn't miss it for the world. Yes. 'cause it, it laia ur and it would just, there's two and we're New Orleans, so we can speak a little French. Yeah. We got a little French. Yeah. I think Jamis asked us the other, or somebody that, that we had on the show was like, what's, what's the coolest thing that you guys get to do? And I was like, you know, what is like the most surreal moment that I think I've ever had, maybe the happiest that I've had related to this show.


When you texted me and Big Cat at the start of football season this year, when I woke up in the morning to a text from Chris Berman wishing me a happy football season. Yeah. I was like, well I think I'm dead. And I think that this is a simulation or something. You know, I, I'm happy with it. You What? I finally learned 21st century technology. That's what it meant. You Text two people at the same time you Text, Hey. Yeah. Only 'cause you guys had texted me together. We how to actually do that. Damn. I'm not texting each one of these freaking guys. That's too much work. 7:30 AM Eastern. That's why you Up Sleep. Yeah. Thanks so much. I'm glad it made time for me. Yes. We've had all different locale. Yeah. Getting invite. We're moving the next, if you go for the week, which you probably will next Year.


Yeah. Yeah. We'll do San Francisco. So we've done Connecticut, we've done the Midwest like both north and south. Yep. Chicago and, and New Orleans. Now we Go San Francisco. We're we're it'd be San Francisco. Yeah. We, we are truly global. Yes. Yeah. Well then when you could put the Super Bowl in, in London, we'll do it over there. I don't even, Even, I Don't want, you know what, don't even, I want to put something out there 'cause this show can maybe help. So these international games, which they're fine. You know, whatever. I said it on the air. So it's not, and I don't know when they're scheduled yet, but Veteran's Day weekend, they played in Germany.


Yeah. Two years in a row. Yeah. This year it's in the Olympic Stadium, which Do some research On that. They know what the background like NFL Do me a favor any other week. Germany's great. They're a great ally. It has nothing to do with it. Not Veteran's Day weekend. Yeah. Before you make the schedule. Listen to Pardon My Take. Yes. Because I said Youell listen, I said it on fastest three minutes that night. Yeah, I know. I Remember that. Like, ah, veterans Day in Germany. Hmm. Can't misquote me. But you know what I meant, right? Yeah. Like don't do it. Yeah. Play any other week. I'm good. Yeah. Brought worse for everybody. Yeah. You know, Octoberfest. Yeah, Sure. I mean there's plenty of things we could Do that's, that's one Er schnitzel, they're free, you know, but, but not then Veterans.


You would think I could get that done by speaking on ESPN. This is how I think of Your show. We got it done. We're gonna get It done, I think of having your show. Yep. Alright, thanks so much. Alright. Appreciate It. Okay.


Fire Fest is brought to you by Morgan and Morgan. There's a reason why coffee's the first thing people reach for in the morning. Just like there's a reason why Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. For over 35 years, Morgan and Morgan has been fighting for the people just like you and I. They have over a hundred offices and more than 1000 lawyers nationwide. When hiring Morgan and Morgan, it's like hiring an army that has your back. If you're injured by the negligence of another, you deserve to be paid. When you hire the wrong law firm, you may be beat before you start. All law firms are not the same. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or Dow pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell.


Okay boys, wrapping up Super Bowl week. Fire Fest. Henry, Danny, What's your fire Fest? My fire fest. We've, you know, been talking a lot about getting older and, and Huh You know, young, some, some thoughts and stuff and Yeah, I just, as I've gotten older, Are you golfing today? No, that's what I asked him earlier. He is like dressed for the job you want, not the job you have. You have golf today. I don't have golf today. This Is a golf outfit. That's a Golf outfit. These the Dude, they're sweatpants. Hey, question, what does your shirt say? A polo shirt Tailor made. Okay. You're golfing today. It's fine. It's fine. Can a guy not wear a polo? Where are you playing?


I'm not playing. Did you bring your Sticks? No. What track you at today? No, I got invited to play that said, no, I gotta work. Wow. That's progress. Yeah. But anyway, back to my fire fest. I have just come to the realization in the past year, specifically the last few months, that I may have some irrational confidence about my athletic ability. No. And I'm, I may not be the athlete that I am in my head. Last night we did a skills challenge and I was quarterback. That's our sound guy. Shout out Ian. Last night we did that. He's been wearing a train conductor hat all week. Yeah, He's, we, I mean he's gonna have our, our our, our actual ley Super Bowl tradition to get our, our sound guy on the mic.


Yeah. The train conductor ad is wild. It is. You walk in the room and you're like, am I at a Diddy party? Yeah. I kind of like it. It's just like something different. But I was, I got tasked with being the quarterback I had to throw to different quarterbacks. I, and I put my hand up, I said, I can be qb, which is where the I confidence. So you Tasked yourself with being Quarterback? Well, we were talking about, you know, there was five different positions. Our our coach, our leader was assigned with putting people in different spots and I said, whatever you need, coach. And I said, I can throw, I said, I can throw throw. I thought that I could, you know, again, you stepped in my head. I was like, I'm an athlete. I can do anything. I'm great at everything. Need me to be a quarterback. I can be a quarterback easy, but, But you can't.


That's literally my firefighter. Yeah. I can't, I'm not, I'm not. So would you say that I'm not a god gifted natural athlete? If you, If you were a coach and you had one of your players be like stepping up, being like, I can be the qb. I mean the coach has to be like, Hey, that guy wants the ball. Like let's give him a shot. Not, Hey, that guy doesn't know how to throw. Yeah, no, I'm no, no blame. I'm putting all the hand up, hand up. Hank's been consistent about that. Yeah. Sounds like it's just all blame on yourself. Yeah. Blame on myself. And you know, going back to the dunking thing is kind of the same thing. Like I just, maybe, maybe I've started to accept the fact that maybe not the jury is not out yet On the dunking.


Just at in general athletic ability maybe. Okay. I may not be as God gifted, athletic genetic freak as I I thought it Was, I mean, you got a hole in one, in like three swings the day. True. Five, but yeah. Yeah. Three For 57 on throws was floating around. Mean it it was windy. The balls were wet. But yeah, it was, it was all on me. No excuses. How big are your hands? I got Pedro Martinez fingers. Tiny hands. No, somebody said you had tiny hands. Yeah, You did. I, I didn't say that. So Next time we get in a situation like that, do it, do it. Oh No. Hey Hank Hank's going up. Oh no, he's got you beat. Well He's also like Three inches, inches taller than me.


How many inches? Yeah. So next time we are forced into a situation like this and it's like, Hey, can you throw a football? What will your answer be? I say, whatever you need me to do. Okay. So it'd be, I guess that is different than what you said on Wednesday night when you said, I can quarterback. Yeah. I said I can quarterback, I can jump, I can run, I can, I probably couldn't do any of those things. No, actually I think the only thing you volunteered for was quarterback. If that's how you remember it. Then now, well, no, I have the Video. This Is crazy. But typically, I mean, it's not crazy, Right? Big Cat clipped out specific parts and removed contexts typically in the FL situations. And that's fine. That's, that's the team Performs bad. The quarterback is the reason why Listen.


Yeah. It goes quarterback one then coach, listen to this. That's usually where the blame goes, goes Tell me. So, so the beginning of this clip is me asking Max if he could quarterback. I, I I said no. Okay. Yeah. Max said no. Can you throw, you got tight hammies. I can see, I can, you can throw, I can Kick. See that Was Hank saying I can throw Or it was me saying, if you need me, I can throw, he says I can throw That. Heard static. Shout out Pete. But no, again, I'm not blaming anyone. I'm blaming myself and, and yeah, when you go three for 57 in front of the world, in front of John Gruten, who's just been roasting me ever since for putting up that performance at Pan American Stadium, it's tough.


Joe Burrow came in today and he was, that first thing John Gruten said to Joe Burrow was, we got this guy Hank over here. He went three for 57 last night at Pan American City. What can we, what can we do to help him? That was Tough. Can I say something? You do a very good John Gruin. Thanks Man. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. Is that Got me feeling nicey. Alright. So what, where are we going forward though, from here? Is it just like, I'm, I'm just not gonna like, make these claims that I can do things that I, my body can't. Okay. You know, I'm not gonna cash checks that my body can't write. Yeah, yeah. Nailed them off. Right. Cool. Hank that it is growth because in the past you would say, well, I I'm just not gonna do any work. No. In the past, he, everything I do is wrong.


In The past, I would be like big cast a coach. He's gotta know me better and know that if I can be quarterback, he should have evaluated my talent and known that I'm not capable of doing that. But that in the past, in the past, that's what I would've said. Can I Now I'm just saying handout that, that's on me. Wait, When you say in the past, you mean like 15 minutes ago? Yeah. I'm saying Can I do my fire fest real quick off that one? Yeah. My fire fest usually PFT goes second. But if you want To Yeah, I know, but my fire fest is that I look up to Hank and he's, you know, one of the younger members of, Pardon My Take. And I look up to him to be like a good athlete and I just have to come to the realization, I'm just a better athlete than him at everything. That's sad. It is. That's a tough place to be If you could've made five of me on that field. And I don't think I'm a good athlete, so I have at least a, a humble thought to it.


And then I go out there and I just stun people. Yeah. But I, the problem is I have to just realize like, if Hank thinks he can do something better than me, I gotta remind myself like, no, he can't. That's a big fire fest for you. Yeah. Because if you care about somebody so much and you believe in someone Right. That much and then they just disappoint you over and over. Correct. Over and over and over and over and over again. Then it's like when your parents tell you like, I'm not mad, but I am disappointed. That's the worst punishment of all. Yeah. You know what I bigger Man's like coaching, you know, that's where it's like, yeah, like Hand up, hand up. Hank just sucks at all sports. And I'm better than him at it, like hand up. But Yeah, you still put me in. That's pretty good accountability. Right? Still put me in number one position. Well, You, you, you, that was, I'll tell you what, that was my firefighter.


That was the last time I'll take Hank's advice on his own athletic ability. Wasn't it? It was again, whatever. Hand up all on me. No hand up. Old me only would've been like hand up Big Cat. Did you ask me if I could throw and I said yes or did I say I just made the me. You did, you said, can you, I Asked, Hey Max, if he could throw and then you said, and then you butted in. You said, I can Throw or you said, can you throw and Max? I said, I can throw to Max. And they said, can you throw? I said I can throw No, no, no. But old. Oh, You wanna watch the clip Again? Yeah, let's play it again. Yeah. Okay. Old knee would want Watch the clip again. Watch. I'm looking at Max and I'm saying, can you throw, I'm looking at Max wait. I could throw is what you said. I Physically, I could throw, I could physically I was able to throw It sounds like Big Cat.


You're mad at at old Hank. Well, I, no, I'm mad. I'm mad at Myself. What about, what about present day? Hank? I'm mad at myself. I'm mad at present day. Hank as well. Because present day, Hank like I said, it hurts to know that like someone I look up to and I'm like, I, I think he can do everything. Turns out he can't do anything. So I'm mad at myself hand up accountability. I'm just better at than Hank at everything Hand up. Yeah. Congratulations. Hand up. I think you should be proud of Hank. Your team seems like a, a fully dysfunctional front office. No, no, No. It sounds like it's chaos from the top it Down. When it comes to a team, it's all your team on the players.


There's nothing that the coach could do separately. And it's it's players. Yeah. And, and the players let the coach down. Don't The, don't the coaches put players in position To succeed? No. Not when the, the players decide when the position they play, when the Players demand that they can throw and they can't Throw the players decide what the players Say. And you have to think, okay Coach, I wanna play wide receiver today. And the coaches has to listen. The problem is, if I could clone myself and put myself in every position, we'd be in a better spot. 'cause I should have kicked and thrown. But Hank had to do something and he stinks at everything. So what are you supposed to do, Hank? I have a question. Why didn't you volunteer for, for high jump or something? I did, I Said I literally You was saying whatever you Need. Literally you were training on jumping ice. No. Yes, I was. You volunteered. Only, only was saying whatever you need Said Put me in Coach.


I can throw, I can throw, I could. No, I thought I could, couldn't. I started two for two. What happened after It got really windy? Yeah. And the balls are, we Also, my fire excuses. I'm just, every Super Bowl week, it hits me a little harder. I'm just old. Yeah. But still a better athlete than Hank. So kind of reverse fire fest on that One. Never forget that. Two for two Hank. Yeah. No, It was electric. It I was Japan started off World War II pretty hot too. Yeah. And you just Missed everyth. They'll always have, They'll always have what? You Missed everything. You know what? No, no, no, no. All that stuff. Two for two. Yep. Okay. Alright. PFT. Yeah. My fire fest is I've gumbo myself to death.


I realized last night at dinner, I do love, I used to love gumbo. I, I don't really want to have any more gumbo. Yeah. I'm going to and I'm gonna try to enjoy it, but after, Right after this, After, yeah. For lunch, I'm about to have another gumbo, but my body is like all sodium right now. I'm bloated. I haven't pooped in three days, which is the exact opposite of what people thought was gonna happen. Yeah. With all this gumbo. But yeah, I'm getting, I, I have to have gumbo for lunch and then I have to have gumbo for dinner, but then I have to sneak a gumbo in, in between. That's, how many are you at? I'm at 10. So the the middle gum, you need five more. The middle gumbo is pre gum. That Sunday night, one was a big miss And we went out to dinner and there was no gumbo.


I'm gonna pre gum that pf before dinner tonight. Yeah. Yeah. Each cho Yeah. That was bad. You couldn't, we knew in the moment too, we're like, this is a big missed opportunity for Gumbo. It was huge. And they, they had a gumbo like dish on the meal that was basically, You got, you got stopped on the goal line in the first quarter and it was like, It's hard to recover, but guess what? It's not over Hank. I got, I got the rest of the day today. I got all day tomorrow. I, gumbo is delicious. But I, last night at dinner, I was just looking at the menu and my body needed, it was craving the color green. I needed something. I needed a green. And I don't know if I'm getting scurvy probably, but yeah. It's, it's been a lot of gumbo.


I Got a solution for you. You could do what some people in this room do and you can be like, I can eat gumbo. And then when you can't eat gumbo, you can just blame everyone else. Yeah. Well you guys did when I, when I said old PFT probably would would've done that At dinner the other night, I put my hand up and I said, I've got a good place that has gumbo. Yeah. And then we got there and there was absolutely no gumbo wasn't, no, but I started that dinner at hot by saying, I've got a place. Yeah. And then after that it all fell apart. I do take accountability for that. That's Huge. Yeah. But I, I feel like I'm just sweating ru Yeah. I, last night I went and grabbed pizza after our, our competition. Feeney Pizza has a popup and our friend Sean Feeney great pizza, but I was talking to him and he was like, oh p ft, we gotta get PFT by here.


And I was like, ah, he's only eating gumbo. And he looked at me like, what? What The fuck? That's the fuck. The other thing, there's so much good food in New Orleans. A two fe jumbo po boys. Yeah. And as much as I want to have it, I just, there's no room for non gumbo. Yeah. You got, you have bus, your schedule's full of Gumbo. It's gumbo. Yeah. You're Running a marathon and you just, you have the runs. Like you gotta, you gotta finish. Well, I don't have the runs, it's No, I know, but hypothetically, I don't what this shouldn't happen. That's what I'm also, you're Shaving, you're bleeding from your thighs. I'm also concerned about that aspect. But the finish line Is, I'm actually bleeding from my chest a little bit from the waxing, but the, the gumbo blocking me up is a side effect that should not be happening. Yeah. It should be The reverse. It's just my body being like, Hey dude, stop.


Whatever you're doing, stop this. It Should, it should be the exact reverse. It should be like saying like, I can throw when you really should have said, I can't throw Yeah. I would kill for diarrhea right now. Yeah. Like all of me would be upset that like you, like you want players. Don't you want players that like, want to compete? Yeah. But I do realize that right now, like, like you could quit. No, I couldn't. I can't can't. You can't. You got like, you don't, you can't like, just because you guys put in a situation where you might not excel, you see difference. The difference though is even though old Me would be upset at the lack of accountability by the coach, but me knows I put myself, but Exactly. You know what else I'm gonna do. Yeah. Even though I put myself in a bad situation, I'm gonna finish it. Right. And I'm gonna do, it's what I, I'm gonna win. I'm gonna blame anyone.


No. And I'm gonna win. Yeah, I Did finish it. I'm you Blamed Everyone. I'm, I'm embracing this suck. Cleats in the grass, man in the arena. I'm gonna finish the week. I'm gonna do what I said I was gonna do. I'm gonna eat 15 gumbos come hell or high water. I'm gonna go 15 for 15 on gumbos, which is a pretty damn good percentage. Yeah, It is. I said I was gonna throw and I hit every target I needed to hit 57 throws max. Mine was kind of like that. I've, I, I need, I need some greens. I've, I've eaten like shit. Vegetable birds. And I'm still here for, for four more days and I, I'm, oh, I have to go to the Super Bowl. No, I'm excited for I'm excited for that. That's that. I'm, I'm talking about my, my diet.


Ive been here. I go to the Super Bowl this weekend. Oh. I'm gonna say GOs to a thousand people on the street. All right. All right. Shut up Max. All fine. I'm excited for the, I'm excited for the Super Bowl on Big, big diet starts on, it starts Tuesday. Why don't they make just a pill? It Fire fest. You gotta to fucking talk about shit that's going on. What do you want me to say? They should make a Super Bowl week. They should make a pill for guys like Max that just has a salad inside the Pill. No, I like salads. I'm gonna have a salad for lunch today. You're, you're experiencing a full New Orleans. When we came here for the final form, we were here for like six days. You get to a point in New Orleans because the food is so good and the drinks and everything that you just feel like a sausage on a grill and you need someone to come poke you with a fork.


Yeah. That's exactly what I need. Yeah. Let's get our audio guy here. Go sit, sit in meme seat. Sit in meme seat. We'll flip the camera around. So this is Ian. Ian got the Trained conductor hat on. Sit right there. Sit right there. You sit right there at the Desk. Yeah. There you go. Oh Yeah, I have him sit there. Oh, okay. Yeah. All right. Come sit right here. Sit here. I didn't realize this was happening right now. I was eating. Have food. That's all right. That's all right. So this is Ian. He's our audio guy this week. He spent the whole week with us also. Part-time train conductor. What, what would you, how would you describe you? You basically got to sit in this room through all the interviews, through the bickering, through the ball busting. What, how would you grade our operation?


I thought you killed it. Thanks. I, I especially, what was it? What was the best one so far? I think, Hmm. We got Berman. Who was before Berman? Wait, Kelsey Oshkosh Bash. Yeah. It used to be like work wear. Yeah. I thought that was for kids. No, it's like, it was like coveralls. Oh, Okay. That's Sick. They make full-size trains too. Oh, I like that. Yeah. Sorry. I just got, Who was was before Berman Kelsey. That was amazing. Yeah. That, that was like front to back. We hit It. Yeah. Yeah. What about off cam? What you think about the operation? Like off camera? Yeah, like the, Well, I mean my phone went off in the middle of this one, so probably, Probably this one. I like that accountability. Yeah. That's big time accountability. My, it's my parking.


Oh, okay. Alarm. Nice. Nice. But yeah. What do you think about like, you saw some fights, some arguments, some disagreements. Yeah. You were being kind of mean to him about the The throwing. Yeah. But he said he could throw. Yes. Yeah. That was probably a mistake. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. You were Really going in On him like Yeah, but he, because he came in here coming in on me. Yeah, I had, I didn't hear that part. I just heard you. I could play the clip for you where he said he could throw. I heard that. I heard that. Yeah. Yeah. And he can't throw. Yeah. I You tried Picked that up. Tried the problem. Tried. You didn't see him try to throw How bad it Was. You didn't seen how bad it was. You would be like lucky I wasn't meeting Well I 55. Yeah. Over 55. Two for, that's pretty bad. Sorry. Two for two. I, I don't think I was mean enough because he was that bad.


That's pretty bad. Hank said earlier, we'll always have Pearl Harbor. I didn't think that that was, yeah, he did disgusting. What about Max? Inappropriate? Max? Max is my boss, so I can't really, oh Shit. What's, I can't really say that really. Grade Max's performance as a boss. Yeah. No. Max is the man. Alright, well thank you so much man. We appreciate it. Yeah. I also like you. Thanks for having me every now and then and Why y'all take me to the combine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Come on. Let's go. Let's Any party go. Do you have any spicy sports steaks? Are you talking? I was hoping y'all gonna sound guy. I was hoping y'all would have Marshawn Lynch and you know, I was like maybe I'll finally get to meet Marshawn Lynch. So I was little Disa haw. Disappointed by that.


Yeah. Yeah. So Marshawn, if you're listening, we should definitely be best friends. Okay. That's awesome. Oh, you gotta pick for the game. Yeah. Seahawks Super Bowl future for next year. Okay. Okay. Sounds Good. Probably got 30 to one odds right now. I would hammer it. Alright Gino, you're a Gino guy. Alright, well thank you so much Ian. Appreciate it man. My pleasure man. Great week, great win. Thank you for having really appreciate you. Cheers guys. That was a blast. Alright, let's kick it to ourselves for lottery ball. I could not say the Pearl Harbor thing. Okay. Next show will be either Happy Max or sad Max. Let's finish with numbers.


59, 40 11. Two. I'll go three. I'll go three. Good guest. PF two. Remember when you said that you took it for Jalen Herz? Yeah. Wait, what was your guess? Why was that for Jalen Herz? I, it's bird week. What was your guest last? Last seven. This is 77. Number one. 77. Alright, I'll go 77. Number two, there's a giant fathead of him wearing number one behind you. His rookie year. He was number two. I'll go 77. Hank, what was yours? 42 for P, PFT two. What was yours? Memes 59. We're both 59, 23.