
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have our good friend Jerry O'Connell in studio. He's on the Hot Seat. We're gonna find out if he can be our fantasy GM or man, no coach. He's our coach. He is, he is at the top of the food chain for right now. For right now. Great time with Jerry In studio. We're gonna talk a little introductory press conference around the NFL, maybe a little early thoughts on the Super Bowl, where Max's head is at. We have Hot Seat, cool throne.


And then we're gonna do guys on chicks. Questions about getting old, because this is the last show you'll listen to us as 39 year olds. And that's scary, but you know, it's not scary.


The big game, the Super Bowl. It's coming up. This ain't little itty bitty tiny bowl. This is the Super Bowl 59, getting on the action of Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the Vince Lombardi trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at DraftKings Sportsbook The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app and Make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. I Love guys who like football and guys who like football, who like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football, they try to avoid me because I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, football.


Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook, the crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, January 29th. And boys the dust is settled from the, the championship Sunday. We got a Super Bowl to look forward to. How's everyone feeling? Sean McDermott still has his job. I don't think he should be fired now. The dust has been settled. No, I don't think he should be fired, But that has been the discourse. He's A, he's a very, very good coach. But you have to also look at what he's done in the playoffs and how much those, those losses just stay with a man. Yeah. Andy Reed, you know what happened to him? He was fired by the Philadelphia Eagles. You fired, you fired him. Then he went to Kansas City and now he's playing against the Eagles in the Super Bowl. Yeah. How are you feeling PFTI know, obviously Sunday sucked for you. Yeah, I think Monday probably sucked as well.


I, When I woke up on Monday, I felt better just from the second I opened my eyes and I, I posted a meme about it and I think it captures the moment perfectly. It's two, the two guys on the bus meme. Yep. One is really pissed off. Doom and gloom. The other guy's super happy. The guy that's pissed off is losing a close game. The guy that's super happy is getting your ass kicked. Yeah. So getting your ass kicked is better in those situations, I think than being like, oh, you know, we were one play away. Oh yeah. I said, I said it to you right after the game. Yeah. I was like, the on, you know, I was, I felt bad for you. Like, it sucked to watch that. And I was like, the only spin zone is if it were a bill situation or you know, like a weird call or penalty or like a dropped ball.


A Mark Andrews that's, those are the ones that will stick in your head for weeks and weeks and weeks. This one, it's like, yeah, you got your ass kicked. Yeah. I'm, I'm still not happy about the result of the game, but, and I'm also not doing the thing where I, I'm just constantly pointing at, we'll be back. Look, look at this team. That's the worst team Jayden's ever gonna have. You never know. Yeah. Weird things happen in the NFL all the time. So I, I've also realized, and this is my fault for not realizing before the game, that was the post lines week. Yeah. And every team gets their ass kicked first Lions. So the Eagles didn't really even beat us. The Lions, we just had delayed onset getting beaten by the Lions. So the lions technically lost in the divisional round and the conference championship.


Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I mean, it happened with the Vikings too. True. The Vikings beat the Lions last game of the season. Lose to the Rams. No, The Lions beat the Vikings, the Lions beat the Vikings, but they played and then they end up losing afterwards. Yeah. So congratulations to the Lions for beating us. Yeah, Yeah. They, they actually won that game. Yeah. But you know, it, it's not a good feeling. Next week would be so much more fun if my team was in it. Yeah. But I would say so. Well, I'm doing okay Max. Yeah. I'm on the Kansas City, but I'm back on, on being mad at the media. 'cause now everyone's just saying, oh, the Eagles now get credit for beating a rookie quarterback. Oh. Said that now. It's, now It's back. Yeah. It sounds like there's another addition to the list. Yeah, no. Oh yeah. Big time list. Oh, Colin Coward said that, that the Eagles might not get in the red zone 'cause the Chief's defense is so good.


That's, that's mega list by The way. I've, I've done some, I we'll, we'll do a full preview next week. But I've our, our good friend RII told him 'cause we were talking about, he was saying like, you know, the Chief's defense is really, the chief's defense is a little overrated. I'm gonna say it right now. I'm gonna dig into some numbers for you, but I'm gonna say it. That's what I'm talking about. I need That boots on the ground. Their rush defense has not been like, incredible in the, in the back half. Now the problem is for the chiefs, for, for you and the Chiefs is their offense has gotten a lot better. Like, I don't think their, I think their defense is, is a little worse than people. I think people think their defense is elite. I think their defense is above average. And I think people think that their offense is average. And I think that's also above average.


So it's still patched from Holmes. Yeah. If that makes sense. It's from, that's my early analysis of the game that I haven't fully dug into. But I think their defense is a little bit worse. But their offense is a little Bit better. Max, I think I might be putting you on my list for putting Colin Cowherd on your list because that's, that's what he wanted to have happen. He said that. So guys like you would be like, Colin coward, let's talk about him. Yeah. You fell for it. Yeah. You fell for I don't care. Mega list. I did get tagged in a stat that you got upset about before I even said it. You were like, well your last tell with your fucking stats. Your last big stat was that no quarterback Is, that's, that's not a stat. That stat. That was a curse. It's a stat. It was a potential curse. It was a 25 year curse. That's not a stat dude, that's a curse.


Don't believe there's a Big difference. You max for the, for the record. You do not believe in 25 plus year curses. I don't know where this, I'm not answering that question. 'cause it looks like you're trying to Smart man. Yep. You're learning. Alright, Ryan Hannibal did tweet and I got tagged in this Max, it's not my fault that, that the AWS tagged me in this. They said something to note ahead of the Super Bowl. Eagles defensive coordinator, Vic Fangio is face. Patrick Mahome eight times six with Denver, twice with Miami. His teams are oh and eight. And Mahomes has thrown two 10 tds and two interceptions of those games. Now those Denver, that was Prime Mahomes. Well also those Denver and Miami teams didn't have the same personnel that the Eagles do. Denver was pretty good. I mean, they weren't pretty, the Eagles defense is very good. But yeah. Are you, is that stat, is that a stat worth jumping down my throat?


I'm not worried about, about trends. That's a trend. I I got a trend. Big Cat, no team that's won exactly 15 games in the regular season has won the Super Bowl since 1985. Whoa. But Max doesn't care about trends, but it's Extra game doesn't Count. I also have trend he doesn't care about. I Also have a trend every single time that the Eagles have played the Chiefs in the Super Bowl on this podcast that Eagles have lost. Not a trend. Incorrect. Incorrect. Okay. We beat them in the regular season last year. Next I said in the Super Bowl. Yeah, you said in the Super Bowl. Correct. I missed that. I love it. I love that you're on edge. That Was a little boy play game when the Eagle beat the Super Bowl. Oh yeah. Sirianni doing the tunnel thing and then it all fell apart. No, it wa No it was Travis Kel.


Little boy ass play. Oh Yeah. No, but yeah. But wasn't that the game when Sirianni was in the tunnel after Oh yeah. Being like, how do you like us now? And then they lost every game after. Yep. Nick Siri. Good coach. Have we got an any meteor request for Max during the week of the Super Bowl? Zero. Zero Meteor. Oh, come on Please. Come on people. Max. I'll also say that Max will talk about Villanova basketball for anyone on Radio Row as well. You get two guests for the price of one. Yeah. That was not a wait joke. That was just two teams. Yeah. But again, I have a question for you because there's a take that is, it's riling people up online. Okay. Do you think that Josh Allen should have thrown to the wide open guy that he had in the flat when he had two defenders from the Kansas City Chiefs in his face?


Are you talking about Khalil Shaki? Yeah. Yeah. He was running the little merry-go-round playing the backfield. Yeah. I don't now I didn't play in the NFL. It felt like Josh Allen had a guy in his face almost instantly and probably made it hard to do. But I actually think Ben Soak is, is good at his job. And I like his, his film analysis. He Holy shit was at an overreaction for people who missed it. He, he basically broke down the play and was like, Josh Allen had Khalil Shaki open on the backside. But if you watch the play, it's like that's, he had a chief in his face. Not if you simply flip your hips. Yeah. He gotta flip your hips and make the throw. But this Made, he did make the throw. Yeah. He did make a good, he made an incredible throw ade.


He made, he made the play happen. Yeah. That's the real story is dog ade, I feel like is getting left off a little bit too easy just because it's easier to be like Josh Allen can't beat Patrick Mahome. Well, He should have flipped his hips to the left. I personally would've thrown it even deeper for a touchdown. Yeah, the touchdown was open on that play. But, but so Ben Soak did a film breakdown and then it was almost like, it was essentially the anchorman scene when everyone shows up to the fight. And it was just everyone who's ever played in the NFL lineman quarterbacks. And then Ryan Leaf showed up and I love that. And everyone was like, ah, dude, maybe this isn't cool anymore. He wrote quote, treating Ben Soli. He said, this right here is why in full transparency, you have to post your address with these, someone needs to put a boot in his ass.


You work at ESPN. Call Alex, call Dan, call Timmy h just call someone before you do this and lose whatever credibility you had. I'm serious though. Someone go rough this kid up. See if he throws the orbit. I Love it. It was like, it was, it was basically 'cause it was everyone, it was like, you know, like, and all these people I, I respect and I, I think Ben probably did minimize how easy of a or how difficult of a throw that was. But it's, it's also like you're having a discussion about a game. Like that's, that's the whole point of Twitter. You talk about the game, you break down the game. But it was like Ryan Fitzpatrick Fitzy was nice to him though. Yeah. Fitzy was nice to him. He was like, I I love your passion. Yeah. Which is actually the meanest thing you can say. But he, I mean, it was a horrible take.


He said it like, it, it was a bad, like the proper Harvard man that he was, that's fitz's version of saying somebody needs to show up at your house and kick your ass. But the, The correct take was that the bills didn't slide their protection correctly because Spags was doing one blitz all game. And then he, and then he flipped it on him. Yeah. I think there were two things working against Ben Soak and Yeah, he is good at what he does, but number one, he used the dots. His initial take used the, the overhead. He can't use the dots. They use the overhead dots and the overhead. I don't know who likes watching the dots. It's all the like, film nerd people. You don't, you don't like football If you like watching the dots. Yeah. Or maybe, maybe you can, but I can't appreciate looking at the dots and understanding how awesome football is.


Nobody's hitting each other. There's nothing cool that happens. You get a little animated football that glads across the field. What's your favorite album of all time? Big Cat. Mm. Probably Oh, probably Third Eye Blind Self-titled. Okay. Third Eye Blinds. If you hadn't heard it before, I was under pressure. I was under pressure. I was gonna maybe go Sublime. Sublime. I was also maybe gonna go Good Choices. The band Self-titled Fuck. Okay, let's say that was hard. Let's say, let's say Prince Purple Rain. Okay. You've never heard it, right? Yeah. Sublime. Sublime. Okay. Sublime. Sublime. You've never heard the battle ballot of Johnny Butt. You've never heard Wrong way. You've never heard Caress Me Down. I come up to you and I'm like, Big Cat, I think you're gonna love this album.


And then I hand you the sheet music to the album for you to read. Yeah. That's what looking at the dots is. Yeah. How sick was this for football? Yeah. Yeah. You can't appreciate how sick it actually is. So use the dots that's strike one and then strike two. His profile pick that he had was a bad signal for football jocks. Yeah. To point at him and say, this is everything that's wrong with the film dorks that are sitting at home. They're in their big comfy chairs and they've never had a guy in their face before. Yeah. So I think every film nerd should have to on video, let a guy just get right in their face. Yeah. Like have a guy come in their face. Yep. Like not, you know, like physically Yeah. Physically like impose their will on 'em in his face. I agree. And then show that you can break down film while a guy is in your face also, Just maybe grow a mustache.


That helps too. That always helps. The funny thing is Kurt Warner ever heard of him? Super Bowl M-V-P-M-V-P of the league. He actually kind of agreed with Ben, not that the, that Shaki was there, but more that it was the, the discussion should not be like, oh, where should he have thrown it? It should have been how did the bills not get the right protection? Have a, a plan for that type of blitz. And again, Hank's right. Josh Allen made the throw. Dalton and Kate. I mean it wasn't like a perfect throw. He had to come back for it, but that was in his hands. What Do you always say, Hank? If You can touch it, you can catch it. Yep. You can touch it. You can catch it. I do feel bad for Bill fans. 'cause that's, it's how we started the show. You were able to bounce back relatively speaking.


Yeah. Because of the ass kicking Bills fans are going to spend a ne the next month going over this and going over that play and going over the first down and everything. Yeah. It, I, I was lucky enough to get to go home on Sunday and not have to force myself to spend the next 48 hours drawing Photoshopped lines onto the screen to show where the ball is, where the first downline is and then, and then replying to every popular tweet using my photoshopped lines and demonstrating that the NFL was wrong. Yeah. But you have to do that for your Bills fan. And And again, it comes down to the Chiefs are so well coached and they make big put 'cause I was also watching, so it was that Spags Blitz, which was an incredible blitz, perfectly timed.


And this is what the chiefs do. They just make big plays. The other one, which I didn't notice obviously in real time, but the Mahomes designed run for the touchdown to go up seven. It was very cool because they basically ran, they, they, it looked exactly like a run going left and all the bills crashed, left. I think they pulled the guard and then Mahomes just went. Right. And it's like the, I think, I think it was Rousseau said they had not run that play all year. The chiefs had not run that play all year. I think Mahomes had one designed run all year. And he's like, we watched all the film that never showed up. That's coaching. That's Andy Reed being like, we're in a game against a team that we know it's gonna come down to one possession. We gotta we gotta throw a few things at 'em that they've never seen before.


And that's what they did. And that's why the chiefs are in the Super Bowl and Mahomes going for a threepeat Spin zone for Bills fans. The last time I remember this much breakdown of one fourth down slash first down slash referees getting involved and the spot might be incorrect. It was the Michigan, Ohio State game right before Michigan went on its win streak against Ohio State. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Well there's a little bit of bottoming out, but then Yeah, But then Yeah, yeah, yeah. But then yeah, but then they were back. Yeah. Yeah. Then they were back big time. We also might get a microchip now. Yeah. So the microchip, I, I love the chain gang. I love the sticks. I love the old guys that they wheel out there on Sundays that get run into on the sidelines sometimes.


That's always fun too. But I like the idea. I love it. If there's a close play, they stop the clock real quick. The chain gang gang comes out onto the field. There's that moment of anticipation, then you either get the first down or you don't get the first down. It's like another play that's built in that you get to cheer for or be pissed off about. I like the chain gang, but I can see why the microchip crowd can be like, we can measure this better. But Again, it comes down to and, and whatever. Throw that play, throw throw the, throw the refs outta that. It came down to, I saw the stat that the, the chiefs, I think that was the most stuffed runs on a qb keeper on a QB sneak. Like in a lot of years.


Three times they stuffed it. Why were you running that three times? Especially in a play that by design you don't know where the ball is. You, the ref can't tell where the ball is. It's a 50 50 call for the ref and you're leaving that up to it in a, on a play that you aren't able to get those yards. Yeah. That's where I was. I said it on Sunday night, like, go ahead and blame the ref if you want to. That was play calling and coaching and coming up with a strategy to beat the chiefs. That just didn't feel smart. I Think if you can't see the ball, then you get the microchip involved. Yeah. I just like talking about microchips. It It, and I also like, whenever someone's like, we we're able to do this, but not this, it also, we can get on the moon, but we can't do a microchip. Yeah. That's what, those are my favorite arguments.


So The microchip would exist in the, in the middle of the ball. Right. So how would you know, I Thought, and this is maybe my brain is just so scientifically advanced that we haven't caught up to it. I thought they would wrap it in a microchip. The ball would be made out of microchip kind of and shiny on the outset. Yeah. And it would be one of those, like, like the tin foil and then they heat it up and it, and it envelopes it. If if you tell Andy Reed that there's a microchip inside the pig skin, he's gonna try to eat it. Yeah. So be on the lookout for that. But there, there should be a way if, if you can't see the ball, maybe go to the microchip. But I I love the chain gang. I do too. It's one of the things about football that's just, it's tradition.


And you shouldn't try to, don't make the NFL into the NBA. Yeah. Don't try to evolve the game into something that it's not, that we all hate. And, and the Chiefs made a couple more plays than the bills made. Yeah. That's, that's what it came down to. Yeah. Going Back to the beginning of the show, if this exact scenario happened to Washington and they were in Buffalo situation, would you be saying the same thing about The mic? Oh, No way. I would, that's not how fancy it would. I would be meme I would be pulling a memes at the NFL front office right now. Yeah. I would be in New York and, and Ready for the record trip. If that happened to the bear. I'd be writing letters to Congress. I would never turn 40. Yeah. If that Happened. Yeah. And I would, I would be writing, writing letters to Congress and like self-funding microchip data. Yeah. I would go broke trying to get microchip, but I would, but my only rule for getting the microchips in the balls would be we have to replay that game.


Yeah. I would move to Taiwan and start my, my own semiconductor company. I mean, I, if, if that happened, if, if, if that, if I were a Bills fan, I would probably, I'd probably just walk around with a picture of the, of the, of the spot and the ball that was beneficial to me. And I would just be, it'd be like showing like your, a picture of your kids or your dog. She'd be like, you wanna see this? Did you see what happened? Remember that years later I'd be like, did you guys see this fucking crazy? Remember that movie? Crazy Pride. I would kidnap Roger Ell and I would tattoo that that image onto his body. So he had to look at it every single day. I, I'd Clockwork Orange him. Yeah. I'd open up his eyeballs and I'd make him watch the first down over and over and over.


Severance. Make him apologize into a screen. Yeah. A thousand times to Your future self, Roger. Yeah. But yeah, stop complaining Bill soon. Well, no you can't. No, no. I'm just kidding. I'm joking. Keep complaining. No, no. Definitely Keep complaining. Keep complaining. Keep posting the screenshots. Don't give that up. I, I think it's more, I think Bills fans keep complaining. I think non, like if you don't have a dog in the fight, bills are chiefs. Fucking move on and stop saying the N NFL's rigged. Yeah. Again, you you pointed out if the N NFL's rigged, just bet everything on the Chiefs. Yep. It's rigged. If it's rigged, if you're so convinced it's rigged. You should be betting the Chiefs on every, every single year. And I love the people that, that discover for the first time that the NFL has argued in court that they're an entertainment company.


Yeah. Not a sports company. I, I And then that prove that it, that it's, it's a hundred percent rigged. Which if you're looking for, if you're trying to make a conspiracy out of it, the NFL gives you a lot of stuff to work with. Yeah. They give you a ton to work with. But I don't think that distinction has anything to do with whether or not one ref saw Josh Allen's shoulder and was like, no, that looks like it's two inches short. Oh, we need Taylor Swift in the Super Bowl again. There was, there was a lot of takes flying. But I, I did appreciate one person saying, I'm gonna give you too bad Big Cat. I, I kind of give you a pass 'cause it's your job. But at the same time, it's crystal clear at this point that the sport is corrupt. It would be a big statement for all of Barstool Sports to take a stand here and boycott, Boycott the Super Bowl Boycott.


I, I'll say this loud and clear. I'm, I'm always gonna watch the Super Bowl. You, it's the last football game of the year. And anyone who says they're not gonna watch the Super Bowl, you're a fucking liar. That's, you're just a liar. You're gonna watch the Super Bowl. You might not talk about the Super Bowl. You might complain about the Super Bowl. You're gonna fucking sit down on Super Bowl Sunday. They literally main named a Sunday after it. And you're gonna open your eyes and you're gonna watch that fucking game. You Know what? I think we should make a stand. Who was that that said that Tram 2022 Tram 2022 is right as a company. Noted. Noted. Paul Watcher As a company Tram. I think that we should all boycott the Pro Bowl games. Okay. We've done this, I think four or five years in a row.


Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm ready to do it with, but I'm doing it this year for Tram. Yeah. I'm not gonna watch. Okay. I'll Stand with you. Are they gonna do the one where they throw for distance to see how far the quarterbacks can throw? I Won't watch. I might watch that, but the rest of it I'm out I'll, I won't watch at least some part of the Pro Bowl games. Okay. Yeah. That feels right. That Feels right. We'll show them. Yeah. Okay. We should talk about some coach introductions. So, Liam Cone. Whoa. That guy's weird. I kinda like him. I mean, he's, he, I like him in the fact that like, I can't look away when he did the Duval and he did the double eyebrow raise.


Yeah. I talked to Jerry O'Connell about that. We, we were hanging out in the gambling cave. He's like, so that, that Jaguars coach, he's that was ai. Right? Like seriously, it looks like ai. He was like, now that we're off the air, can you tell like, that was ai? Yeah. No, it's, no, that's, that's him. That's Liam Coen. And it's, it is rare that you see one thing from an introductory press conference and you just know what it's going to be like after every single Jaguar's lost. Yeah. Where that is gonna be the only thing that you see on social media that's negative aura. That's gonna be the one thing that sticks in my brain about Liam Coen until I see him do something even weirder. Yeah. Pew, pew. P pew. Yeah. Shots, explosives, Adam, GA's eyes. Like there's a lot of things that, that if you do the first, your first press conference, if you say it, or your first introduction to the world Dave Canal's book.


Yeah. There's just a lot of things. Like he and, and did you guys see the clip? Can you pull it up Max of him talking about honesty as the best policy. That was very funny. Yeah, because I, I, I said on Sunday, I, I have, I really don't have a problem with Liam Coen and how he did it. I mean, he could have handled it better, but I think football is like, everyone's gotta look out for themselves. But it's just very like insanely unselfaware to have an entire 30 seconds talking about how honesty is the best policy after you lied to the entire Bucks organization here. It's, And that's, that's really what this is gonna come down to is honesty. I I, I wanna surround ourselves with people that are gonna be able to tell you hard truths, be able to show you your blind spots, because that's really, like I mentioned, where growth occurs when you can truly be yourself and be honest with looking in the mirror, knowing that that process to get you there was clean and it was Right.


And the results will speak for themselves. I kinda love the idea though of the Jaguar is having just a swindler as a head coach. Yeah. Just a guy that's, that's actually a snake. A guy that's dirty, like the perfect Florida man. I want, I want him to like go to a pawn shop with Brian Thomas Jr. Try to get 90 bucks for him. Yeah. I want him to get paid in scratch off tickets. I want him to do a video with the, the Jags, the viral Jags woman. Yeah. Like I, they they need to do that. The, he also, he also dropped an acronym that's always a no-no in the NFLI feel like that's just maybe a college, college acronyms kind of work. But his acronym is FAST and it stands for fundamentally sound attacking situational Masters.


Tough Situational Masters is a good one. Oh Man. I mean, it, it, I I, my acronym point, I mean, mad Ebra Flu had a acronym and it was the Hits principle and the T in Hits standard for the ball. Yeah. Yeah. I remember that. So it On the wall I situational masters. That's, I I wanna know what that means. Why could it be situational football? Just Why you gotta be Situational awareness Masters situ because they wanna be masters of situations. Fundamentally sound. Yeah. Like just be fundamental attacking situational football. Tough. Yeah. That sounds better than situational Masters and fundamentally sound Tough Ball.


Then it would be S-A-F-T-B. Yeah. Can you pull up that for the voice? I wanna see him explain the, the acronym the Jaguars posted it. And listen, I will, I will say this in defense of the Jaguars, when Dan Campbell did his introductory press conference, people laughed at it. Yep. People said that was crazy. They said he was a meatball. He's an idiot. Like they're not gonna win any games. He turns out to be a max. Is he a winning coach? A winning coach? I wasn't paying attention. I was looking for Canvas. The winning coach. Yes. Okay. So he turns out to be a winning coach. So you can't fully base every, it, it's like one of those, every poor press conference doesn't make a bad coach.


But every bad coach probably had a poor Press conference. Really bad. Yeah. I remember when Jim, when Jim Zorn was introduced as the coach of the Redskins, he was promoted from being the offensive coordinator before he ever coached the game as the oc he was promoted to head coach in his introductory press conference. He said like, I can't wait to represent the maroon in black Ooh. Of the Washington Redskins, which are not the colors Yeah. Of the team. And so from that point on, you just were like, I don't really trust this guy a hundred percent. But with Dan Campbell, yes. He, he's kind of overcome what a lot of people thought in that first press conference. But the first thing that people bring up, usually with Dan Campbell is like, yeah, you know, this is a team that'll eat your kneecaps. Yeah. They still Talk about it. It became a positive. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But it was at the time it, it was laughed at for sure.


Okay. This is, this is Liam Cohen's acronym. It takes complimentary football at all three phases to be great offense, defense and special teams. How do we wanna play the game? And that's fast, fundamentally sound attacking situational masters and tough both mentally and physically. You see players in the room right here, guys that I've had conversations with already. It will always be about you. So he's not the worst speaker. I think it's just that his, his face was put on incorrectly. He sounds like he's trying to do a presidential campaign.


No, no. He sounds like he's giving a Ted talk about coaching a football team. Yeah. That's, if you play that back, that's what it's, that's what, and think about a guy on stage in like a leather jacket with one of those microphones that attaches to his chin and now listen to him. This is a Ted talk. It's Also, it's also just crazy because all you had to say was, we want our players to play fast. Yeah. You don't have to do an acronym for it. Yeah. Fast is good. Fast is fast. Well the faster you are, the faster you're at a position if you're not a situational master. That's true. Good point To the, yeah. Think about Ted Talk. It takes Complimentary football at all three phases to be great offense, defense and special teams. How do we wanna play the game?


And that's fast. Yeah. This guy's looking for funding. This Is, so this is South by Southwest. They're gonna be like, Hey, we're gonna do a presentation on football. Yeah. Okay. First we're gonna bring out Elon's gonna host this panel about football guys. Yeah. Well, I mean, listen, I'll say this, it works in the Ja for the Jags. Just 'cause it's kind of a, a hilarious, just visual and everything. And he could be a, he could end up being a head coach, but if you were a Bucks fan, that was upset, feelings hurt, crying, being a baby. Steven Cha, you should watch this and be like, we're okay. Yeah. You feel good, you feel good. We're okay. But I hope it works out for the Jaguars. I do. Yeah, I do too. Max, I have a question for you about the birds.


Mm Yep. Rumors on the street are that Kellen Moore might be the next coach of the Saints. How do you feel about that? Will the Saints get a coach? I don't know. He interviewed for that a while ago. It, it is alarming that they haven't hired somebody new yet. I was hoping that Mike McCarthy. What? Alarming? Yeah. Oh, did they? I didn't even know they did a second interview with him. Yeah, They flew into Philly. Yeah. They, they went there. Kind of a thirsty move by the Saints. No, it's, It, I mean, we lose our coordinator. Jalen, hers has had eight different coordinators since he's, since he's been in the league. And I feel like he's only been in the league for like five years. So it's, that would suck. But you know, you gotta worry about winning right now. And that's the only thing that matters.


Are you worried that he's gonna be doing interviews instead of getting prepped for the kids? He just did his interview. He just did his second interview. No More interviews he could have been using, he could have been using that time for the Chiefs. Do you think that maybe Sirianni is also looking at Kellen Moore doing all these interviews and he's like, you know what, maybe I should take more hands on approach. Maybe. Maybe I could call a few plays for the Super Bowl. Yeah. No, but Antis stat for you Gio guy. Gio. Gio, you said that. Oh, that's a new, if we get a new, if we to get a new van sounds, Yeah, it sounds like a Vic Gio is actually a great van name. Last year, dolphins faced Mahomes. They lost that game, but the Chiefs only scored 14 points and Mahomes threw for 180 yards in that game.


Okay, That's Good. Antis stats. Most recent time You played, I mean they, I never said anything about the stat. No, You just got anti stat. No, But the stat I said is still correct As a clean and Stat. I know, but you know, context. So adding more context to, to your stat context stat. Okay. I was looking up during that whole Bill's talk, I was looking up, I was looking up Antis stats. So what was, what were the other games? So if he didn't throw a touchdown, so that means in, so if we just went to seven games, he's Oh and seven, 10 touchdowns, two interceptions. No, there was a couple others. Oh. But that was the be that was the most recent one. So that's why I used that one. You just got Jeed. I got Jeed. You guys, you guys get, what were we talking About before This? You guys get turned on by just looking at Gio.


It's great when you give Max a anything that he takes offense to because you know that like, you can go have a cup of coffee, read the newspaper, take a walk around the block, and then when you come back he'll be ready to come back at you. Yeah. There was a clip. He'll Be, he'll be pacing around the room while you're gone. Thinking about how you, you Say you're like, like Max, here's a stat. And be like, alright, hold that thought. I'll be back in 30 minutes. And when you come back he's like, alright. I found it. There was, there was another clip that was going that was like going around Eagles Twitter. It was like Chris Canty, he like got caught in a lie about talking about jail and hurts and his producer like stepped stepped in, in the middle of it and corrected him. And like, awful announcing was like, wow. One of the craziest things on I've ever seen on ES, espn, someone's producer coming in and correcting the host.


And I was like, damn. Imagine like, That producer was definitely a Birds fan, by the way. Yeah. I think he was just like, I think he was like, I had Ja and Hurt's top 10 before the year. And, and his producer was like, yeah. But he also said he was not top 10 during the year. I was like, this is my guy. Yeah, that's, That's a bird's fan. Right. But But the fact that Alpha announcer was like, I've never seen anything like this. A producer. A producer. No way. Max Is Brandon Graham gonna play in the Super Bowl? He's active. Wow. Active. And what about Cam Jergens and Landon Dickerson Chef said that they have a real good chance of playing. Oh, real good. So, okay. Do you like that you're wearing green? Oh, not you though. Oh my God, He's already rattled.


Like You're already in Super Bowl mode where you're fighting stats. I, I just for the podcast listener, I said, do you like that you're wearing green? And Max looked down at his own shirt. I meant the uniforms in the Super Bowl, dude. Yeah. Memes brought, brought that up. It it's, it's okay. Okay. Yeah, that's not good. All Right. Put that on a quote card. It's okay. Max's thoughts on the, on the Eagles wearing green. It's okay. Yeah. Memes keep saying it's 21 Jump Street, 22 Jump Street saying meaning it's the same movie. Oh no. And I just keep saying it's Rocky one, Rocky two. All Right. But I don't know about, I don't think rock. I don't think they wore the same stuff, the same, the same trunks in both of those movies. Okay. Gonna have figure That Out.


So I'm gonna, but you guys are wearing the same trunks. You're Wearing white. We are wearing the same trunks. Yeah. I don't think at Rocky one, Rocky two, they're wearing the same trunks. Okay. So yeah, they're wearing, they're wearing green that they wore the same green they wore in the last Super Bowl. Correct? I believe that was, yeah, It's same exact match. Yeah, same exact question. Uniform matchup. Okay. Other coach hiring for news. The Cowboys brought in Brian Schottenheimer for his press conference. We also had Jerry Jones talk more about glory holes. He said there's a very low percentage of this that is smiles and glory holes, very low percentage talking about just the business He clarified himself when he repeated very low percentage, very low percent of the glory holes.


This is the second time that Jerry Jones has brought up glory holes. Maybe even third. I think he believes that a glory hole is a Super Bowl window. To him it's the same thing. Yeah. So when he's like, I wanna get back to the glory hole days, I want me some glory hole in his eyes, he's talking about being a championship team. But you don't make that mistake unless you're a man that has used a glory hole or two. Okay. Let me see. You Might also just be talking about an oil. Well Yeah, he could be. So I'm looking at, when Wikipedia says a glory hole is a hole in a wall or partition, often between public laboratory cubicles or sex video arcade booths and lounges for people to engage in sexual activity or to observe the person on the opposite side, they're associated with gay male culture and anal or oral sex.


I'm trying to find if there's any No glory holes. Go back all the way to 1707. Yeah. The trials of Thomas Vaughn and Thomas Davis. The two Toms going, going at it in the glory hole. Is That where peeping Tom came from? I maybe. Yeah. So is it, is it anything, let's see. In popular culture, no. So yeah. Is it, is it an oil well As well? Well in his mind it might be like that is a glory hole. Oh yeah. Hole hunter.com. I'm not gonna click on that. That one You just go up, you stick your deck and Oh Yeah. Miners would use the term hole for a spot in the ground that would yield an exponential amount of gold oil or whatever natural resource you're looking For.


There we go. That's it. That, that's What he's talking about. He's talking about oil Guys. No one has told him that glory hole means anything else. He's Talking about when a man gets really oiled up. Yeah. Also, Steven Jones is getting kind of lambasted because he did a press conference as well. He's basically morphing perfectly into Jerry Jones. He's gonna be the perfect Jones heir to have The Cowboys not have any success as well. But he was talking about the drought, the 30 year drought, super Bowl and championship game drought. And he did air quotes. Yeah. It's just quotes. It's just like you Guys, dude, it is a Drought. The media has been obsessed with this so-called alleged drought where we haven't allegedly won any Super Bowls.


Right. But The drought, but it's, it is one of those, it's a bad stat. Gotta find, it's a mislead stat. We've won several off seasons. The funniest part of this press conference to me was when they introduced Brian Schottenheimer and the whole crowd clapped for him. It was very nice, very positive. And then the loud speaker introduced Steven Jones, the executive vice president and nobody clapped at all. And then one guy started clapping and then three other guys kind of clapped and they pretend to laugh. Oh. Oh, you know, they're just busting my balls. They really love me up here. That's nice. Yeah. The Cowboys are, are a fun watch of just, I mean it's just so funny that they just didn't do a coach search. Well they did and they, when they talked to Pete Carroll, he called Pete Carroll to get his opinion on Brian Schottenheimer as the coach.


And then they said, we also briefly talked about the possibility that he could coach, but it was just, it was a fact finding call. Yeah. So P Care was probably very confused about that. He is like, what is going on here? Am I applying or no? Yeah, probably not. Yeah. So. Alright. Do we have anything else before we do Hot Seat Cool Thrones? We're just not gonna talk about the fact that Cardi B has pierced her butt crack. No. Okay. I mean, no, no, no. I didn't know that happened. Yes, I wanna talk about It. Yeah, she announced that on x.com, the everything app. Okay. Yesterday. so.dot. Do I got my butt crack pierced. Okay. Your thoughts? How? How? Well then she said, do I lie and post a picture of it right here so she got the top of it. Oh, I see how that's actually, it's actually cute.


I Think that's cute. Wiping has gotta be tough. Yeah. Yeah. She's gotta front to back. Like, I didn't want to think about this with Cardi B, but here I am. It does. Okay. All right. So she got her butt crack. She should've just done So I did a thing then. Yeah. Yeah. Some personal news and there butt's a picture of her asshole. Not Rushmore punishment. Butt crack piercing. I'm in. Just stink about it. You say stink about it. Stink about it. We also just had a crazy college basketball Monday night with the Duke player puking, which is nuts.


I've never seen that much. Puke on a basketball court. Yeah. And there's so many towels. And then Caleb Love, who is not good at basketball, but then hit a 60 footer to be good at pass. He was one for 11 from three and then hit a 60 footer to go to overtime and win the game. Yeah, he's Got those games. Yeah, he's, yeah. What, what was the, it was like he puked and then a A fan passed out. What's going on in Cameron From Sing the Puke? I don't know. It's hot. I guess it's hot in there. Yeah, it is hot in there. Okay. Should we do Hot Seat Cool Throne. And then we have Jerry O'Connell.


Quick word from our friends. Big, big time sponsor. MTV. And guess what we've got for the first time ever, the Challenge All Stars is coming exclusively to MTV. But this time with a major twist, 13 All Stars pairs of rivals will need to work together to win together in MTV's the Challenge All Stars rivals. That's right. 13 of the Bitterest All-star pairs of rivalries in Challenge History are gonna have to get along together if they want to win the title of all Stars. Champion. We're talking exes, frenemies, all time. Worst Enemies partnering up in including Challenge Favorites. Nani Turbo, Anisa, Ashley m Leroy. Devin No other season has so much tension, drama, or Bad Blood because the best chance for these all stars to come out on top is to live and die by their rival. This might just be the most challenging All-Star season yet Think you can make it work with your worst enemy. Don't miss MTV's the Challenge All Stars Rivals New season tonight at eight seven Central Watch on MTV


and


Hot Seat. Cool Throne is brought to you by our friends at Gametime. Hot Seat. Cool Throne presented by Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. Hot Seat. Big ticket. The big ticketing companies that make getting tickets to NFL playoff games. A real hassle. Cool throne. You game time's. Got your back score last minute. NFL playoff ticket deals and save. See your seat before you buy on time. Ticket delivery guaranteed. Lowest price guaranteed. Win the ticket game when you use promo code. Hot Seat for $20 off your first purchase with Gametime terms apply.


Alright. Hot Seat Terone. Hank My Hot Seat. Is he culture? Yeah. Yeah. Jimmy Butler has been suspended indefinitely. It seems like they're gonna trade him. Hmm. How many times is that? Is this second, third suspension this year? Well yeah, he's been trying to force his way out. Yeah. And they've just been playing, that doesn't sound like hardball, but it sounds like the heat. Pat Riley, you know, he had the bigger dick, he ended up on top. Sixers. Shouldn't the guy with the bigger dick end up on bottom? It could be on top. So On top it sounds painful. Sixers, There is a rumor out there. Oh no, I don't. I don't want him, I mean he's old and he's proven himself time and time again to just be an absolute locker room cancer can't even win.


Won one. Eastern Conference finals. Two, two. I think the older, the older is the bigger part of the equation. Hmm. I think the older piece is the bigger part of the equation. Yeah. I think that Jimmy Butler and his prime, I, you would love to have him on your team. If you're the Sixers. Can you imagine if you got a Prime Jimmy Butler on that team, you'd never let, let him go. True. Kevin Love also has been just putting on a meme clinic. I know throughout this entire process. I don't know what, like he just switched the flip and was like, fuck it, I'm just gonna, I love it. I'm just gonna get my way out through memes. Yeah. I Love it. Very, very funny. What About, what about Phoenix? Is that still in the equation? Phoenix Is the favorite right now to land them. Oh my God. But Bradley Beal has no trade clause and although like yes, you have no trade clause, you negotiated that for a reason.


But come on, Bradley Beal Does. Is there any, like if you're a GM or your KD or your Devin Booker, is there any part of you that's like, Hey, instead of trying to get Bradley Beal or Jimmy Butler, why don't we get like five really good players that can be around us And we can be the guys, it's so weird to me whenever it's like, what's this, what's the problem with our team? Let's add another alpha that needs the ball. I also love that Matt SBL last year was like, I need to examine what went wrong with this team and figure it out as an owner so that we can move forward. And now he's trying to do the same thing. Jimmy Butler. Yeah. Yeah. Just had another name that we all know. I it's, they're basically doing the strategy that I do every year with fantasy football where it's like, I think, yeah, Tony Gonzalez, I, I drafted Tony Gonzalez like seven years after he was good.


That Guy was awesome. Damn. I see his name. Gotta Get the Warriors or the other team Warriors are a mess. I mean, not a mess in that they are not gonna probably make the playoffs and I don't know what like Steph is. Let Steph be free. He probably, probably doesn't even want to, maybe he just wants to be one Jersey guy. But I would like to see Steph in another big playoff series before he has he retires. It does feel like this is the end of that era. Oh Yeah, Definitely. Right? Like officially. Can you imagine Jay, but on that team would like trying to get along with Draymond Green? No. No. And I don't even think like, this is why this revisionist history just fucking should have just resigned Clay and just gotten like, you have to pick a lane.


Like just maybe just get old together. Yeah. And just be like, all right. It was fun, but everyone got to stay together. I don't know. I mean, it's not working. Yeah, but they need, we're gonna have to pay so much. No, I know. Well it Know, It's stupid. I just feel like if you know you're not gonna win again, just go nostalgia. Yeah. It's not Any Chance of winning again, not paying him that Contract. Yeah, no, I agree. I agree. It was a dumb thought. I was just thinking of an establishment. I know what you're saying though. Yeah. Which is if the team's not competitive, you might as well just kind of keep everybody around and together and then let them all is fun. Maybe one day they'll all retire at the same time. Or Maybe they win one series again, like as 37 year olds, you're like, oh, that was cool. Yeah. It's a dumb thought. I understand. It's a dumb thought. Really stupid.


I mean, a a dumb ownership ship group would certainly do something like that. Yeah, yeah. But a smart ownership group would not. Correct. Okay. Cool. Throne. I, I mean this is where it's like, I, I, I think I say this every time, but then I'm saying it right now, I'm talking about it, bringing it up on the show. So I have, you know, I don't know where this is going. Fallen into the, again, you have any idea where, where this is going? You fell into the trap again. Are You gonna talk about the Una side again? Nope, I never talked about that once. My cool throne is the Paul Brothers. Ah, Yep. Ah, that's a good one. And yes, you're, everything you kind of said, I don't really didn't really fully go through, but yes, I agree. I know what you were saying. I, and I agree. I don't think it was, I should have said it first.


The Paul Brothers and the Cool Throne. I say this every time. Yes. I don't wanna watch it. Yes, I'm, I know it's gonna be rigged, it's gonna be bullshit. People are gonna walk away. Disappointed yet here I am. Correct. Talking about it again. And I probably will, I definitely will watch it. And We already, I already have Max the streaming app, right? Yeah. So it's no additional money. Max Raised his hand. I do have a, i I have multiple maxes memes Make the, I fell forward again. Award. Although it's a guy wearing a Celtics hat and all the, all the medals on his chest are for tuning in to Jake Paul fights. Yeah, they, they need, there need to be like a knockout, like the purse needs to be like $5, $5 if either one gets a knockout. A hundred million.


Yeah. Yeah. Agreed. Otherwise, who do you got? Jake Lo Logan's bigger. Jake? No, Jake Jake's bigger. I thought Logan was taller, but Jake's beefier. It's Jake. Is it boxing? Jake Is the better boxer. Jake has been training boxing more consistently. Logan's done the wrestling. He's, and he's done like the faker Fights. I mean we're talking about, this is crazy, Right? Is it? But is it, is it boxing match or is it MMA? What is it? It's boxing. Logan is it Also might all be a, it's all, it's all might be a work. Yeah, because like the wording of it is kind weird. Yes. Logan is, yeah. Imagine they come out and just play rock paper sci shoot. Logan is 6 2, 2 0 5 and Jake is six one.


Okay. 2 27. All right. Yeah. So Jake and they have the same exact reach. So Jake Also this time of year be have, have your alert, your intent up high because anything that you see that, that stirs your interest, pretty good chance. It's a Super Bowl commercial. Yep. Very good Point. This one has a date, but March 27th. Yeah. Still but still. All Right. Okay. Good job Hank. Thanks. Good Job Hank my Hot Seat is saying it with your chest. So I was watching Good Morning Football yesterday. Our good friend Peter Schrager on that show. Love Peter Kyle Brat, friend of the program. We like Kyle Brat. He went on a little rant about the Chiefs and the bills and the reaction to the game and how there were all these people out there saying everybody wanted the bills to do it for America, but let's not turn this into the Chiefs are some evil empire out there that is easy to root for.


And it's us against them. And we don't want them to win no matter what. Kyle Bran also on Sunday put out a hype video for the game. I saw that. Yeah. Where He was literally rocky. Yeah. As a Bills fan. And Drago from Rocky four Were The Chiefs. Were the chiefs. The Evil Empire was literally the USSR. Yeah. Where was Drago from Russia? He was from Russia. He was from Russia, yeah. USSR. And so he turned the, he, now he's saying like, don't act like you gotta root against the Chiefs, and they're literally an evil empire. Yeah. And you gotta take down Big Red. You just did that. Yeah. You just did That. Kyle. Kyle. Yeah. He made the hype video.


It was a very well done video. And, And I, I understand that like Kyle, he's, he's not technically a Bills fan. He's like a a Yeah, yeah. You know, he's a hype guy for the bills. Yeah. But still, like you, you are actually doing that thing. Yeah. And you were rooting for the bills. And also let people root against the Chiefs if they want to. I, I couldn't agree more. I, and I also, like, I don't care if you want to say I'm rooting for greatness. Like, if you're not a Chiefs fan, you're like, I'm rooting for Graces. I I respect greatness. That's cool by me. If you're just like, I hate the Chiefs. I fucking hate 'em. It's rigged. I don't like them. I hate Patrick Holmes. That's cool. By me too. Everyone should just be fine with however anyone wants to root. Yeah. If you Want to root against the Chiefs because you think they are Satan, do it. Yeah. Do it. Please. Yes.


And, and Chief fans don't get offended either. Yeah. You like, you're winning. You, you shouldn't worry what other people think about your team. I think, Kyle, when you're winning, I think Kyle tried to do the, the neat little pivot Yeah. From Bill's super fan to Hey Chiefs, I love you guys. Yeah. And that's a, that's a hard move to pull off. Yeah. No, I mean the, the, the, the Chief's discourse. Like, I, I just don't, if you hate the Chiefs, you just hate the Chiefs. Now, to be fair, maybe it was a bit, because I was listening to it, I, I wasn't watching. Maybe they were playing in the background. Ah, the Rocky Montage that he did that, that would be a bit Yep. In which case, hand up. I got it wrong. But if it's not, then now I feel like it's a different kind of bit. Yeah. I'm, I'll, I'll put my hand right upright.


Al I'm not cashing outta my future with the Eagles. I will be rooting against the Chiefs in the Super Bowl, but I also respect this greatness. But I'm rooting, I'm telling you right now, I'm rooting against the Chiefs. I respect greatness, unlike Big Cat. Are you gonna Be rooting for the Chiefs? I think I have to. I mean, if I didn't have this future, I would be betting the chief, Because I never, I just, the chiefs are, I I never wanted to root for the Eagles in that first Super Bowl. Big Cat had literally $200,000. Yeah. That was a big one. I didn't wanna be sitting next to him, rooting for him to lose $200,000. I appreciate that. So I bet eight grand on him lost that. Lost the Don bet to Hank. I was getting rods from all angles again that week. Just bet Mahomes. I did it last year. Like the, there was Chiefs fans obviously are like, you always root against us. I bet On the Chiefs against the Texans.


I bet on the Chiefs a very big bet against them in the 49 ERs in the Super Bowl last year. Remember we were sitting the gambling cave. Yep. I think it was you, Dave. A couple other people were on the 49 ERs. And I was just sitting there like, I got my homes. This is gonna be easy. I might like, it's gonna, they're gonna win. I might have to go back to the No Dons. Well get my revenge on that. But What, what I would say if I didn't 50 grand on No. Dons at minus 500. What does that pay out? Probably a lot. Elliot's been so shaky. Yeah. Elliot has been shaking. You were gassing Elliot up last week. I know. 'cause Coach Gruin told him I had to PFT I'll say this, if, if I weren't Yeah. If I didn't have this Eagles future, I'd probably just run back what I did last year. Because it was a, it was a very calming Super Bowl watch of being like, oh, but Mahomes.


Yeah. He's got me, like, when We're just sitting there watching, like, yeah, but Mahomes is gonna, he'll be fine. You know what? We'll figure it out. It's gonna be in the fourth quarter. And you'd be like, oh yeah. One team has Mahomes, NFL rigged. I think I'm just gonna go with a rigged. Yeah. Do it. Why not? It's A, it's a decent watch. I'm betting on Undertaker at Wrestle WrestleMania. Yeah. I'm, I'm one in, one in in the last two Chief Super Bowls. But Wait, undertaker lost at WrestleMania in New Orleans. Yes, I was there. Oh, I was there. Oh, Max. That's that stat. That's good for you, max. Great. Oh, that's stat. That's a great stat. That's a great stat. Okay. Was it in your cool throne? My cool throne is some random burglar in Chicago.


This is also a fire fest, but I'm getting to ahead of time. So I, I get home on Sunday night. I sent my laundry out this weekend. 'cause I ran out of clothes. I had jumpsuits I had to watch, et cetera, et cetera. Two giant, giant duffle bags of clothes. I get home. They had dropped it off on my porch. Somebody stole all my clothes. Imagine Yeah. Being that burglar and opening it up and being like, what the fuck? Yeah. Not to brag, but I, I think I have a pretty A, a a a Takis medium jumpsuit. Yeah. So Some burglar went up to my house. They probably were thinking, Oh no, I'm gonna get Some good clothes.


They stole these two huge fucking bags of clothes. Got 'em in their car. They're driving away. Like, I made out like a bandit. Let's open this up. There's probably gonna be Gucci in there. There's gonna be Dolce and Cabana. They unzip it and they see six different Darius Rucker themed Washington Commander shirts. It just, it's basically like the robbing a bank and having the ink blow up. Yeah. The ink blew up on, on all the jumpsuits that you had. Yeah. They actually did you a favor. If it was a lot of jumpsuits, just clean out for jumpsuits January. There Were a few jumpsuits in there, but it was, it was pretty much my entire wardrobe was stolen. So now I don't really have any clothes. I went out, I bought, I mean, I could A bunch of socks. We could just, there's a loss in found at my kid's school.


Yeah. I could could Get you A new wardrobe tomorrow. Yeah. Any propeller beanies I can put on Elementary school. But I, now I'm looking at this and I'm thinking this could be, this could be a good opportunity. I'm turning 40. Don't change. Could be time to start dressing like an adult. Oh, I'll be so mad at you if you change. You have a style. I was thinking about maybe getting some of the TikTok girls to give me fashion makeover. I think You should dress like high. Like luxury. Like Joe Burrow. Like I turned into Joe Burrow now Backless. I could be down with that. I don't want you, you go from scum to just absolute like, yeah. Yeah. I could be down with that louisie, but I don't want you to just be like, Cou Pro hearts. I dress plain hank dressed, dressed plain. You're you, you gotta be the one max memes. We all fucking wear the same hoodies. We need the guy who comes in and is like, Hey, you guys see this jumpsuit?


It's got croissants all over it. This, This to me feels like a great opportunity though. To, to, to turn a page. It's like the universe telling me maybe it's time to stop wearing F 15 onesies. No, But I would be supportive if you wanted to do like a full like assless suit. Like Joey. Yeah. Like turn it into super, super fashion. Did They have, was the one jumpsuit that you looked like a bunny rabbit? Was that in There? It was, yeah. Yeah. They saw my Part. That was Christmas Story. He had a S story one. Yeah. That's The one I was really hoping is just right on top. Yeah. The first thing he sees, They, I, that's What's made me not be that pissed off about it. It sucks to lose all your clothes, obviously, but I can get over it.


Yeah. Guys, turn it. I, I have, well I, the first thing I did when I saw that the bag was gone, I drove around my neighborhood anticipating that they opened it up, saw what was in there and just threw it out their window. Yeah. They were like, fuck this. That's so funny. So yeah. Maybe I'll just do the fa I think I might try the fashion makeover. That's So funny. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. I would love to get, listen, if you're an A WL and you're listening to this and you just robbed a bunch of jumpsuits in commander's gear, no penalty, no, no crime will be committed. We would just like to interview you and get your honest reaction for when you opened up that bag. Maybe just return it so we know it's you with like a Long note.


Yeah. Just saying like, when I opened this bag, I was disgusted and it made me change my whole life and realize I need to get on the street and narrow. Yeah. Maybe they learned a lesson. Crime doesn't pay. That's so funny. Alright, my Hot Seat. I got two. One is Jalen Mill Monroe and hand sizes being back. 'cause Jalen Monroe has insanely small hands. What are they, Eight inches? Eight and three fourth inches. To put it into perspective, it would be the smallest hands of any first round quarterback ever taken. And in 2022, only one starting N-F-L-Q-B had his hand size under nine inches in nine inches. And it was Tsum Hill.


Yeah. Not good. Especially 'cause Jalen Mill Monroe also does things like throw interceptions and not throw to the open guys. Yeah. That's not be able to throw. That's A very small hand. I would say that everybody on this podcast has a bigger hand than that. Yeah. Yeah. No. Hank's got tiny hands. Yeah. Little hands. Little guy. Tiny little nubs. I have big Hands. Oh, actually I have three hot seats. What? But did you see when, like, when Josh Allen fumbled that ball? I got Pedro Martinez fingers just picked it up. Yeah. Off the ground. Just palmed it. It was a pigs snack. Like Yeah, like a, a vacuum cleaner. It was a Snf Hands means something. Yeah. Actually no. I'll, I'll switch one to a, a cool tour. So my other Hot Seat is Archie Miller. Archie Miller, head coach of the University of Rhode, Rhode Island.


Andre the Giant. Did you guys see Archie Miller's press conference? Now I have to defend Archie Miller and the fact that I also get got a lot. But Archie Miller was doing a press conference after a game talking about what's the toughest league in or in the country. You wanna play the press conference? Here you go. Here was his quote today, like, You know, the s SEC's the best league in the country. But you know, in all games they're like 54 and 54. Somebody said that. I don't know if that's even accurate, but like, do you know how hard it is in every league, you know, to to, to win? You know, it's just hard to win any game. So the problem with that is Archie Miller is quoting. I kind of find the guy's account.


I apologize to him. I'll shout him out. Does he have it there? I shout out to that guy. He tweeted something that was, it was basically joking. He was just saying, oh, the SEC is supposed to be the best league in the country. Well, why are they 54 and 54 since January 4th? Obviously a joke. 'cause it's all conference play. And then Archie Miller went and took that stat and used it in a press conference. Yeah. Because there's some bad teams that are at the bottom 54 And 54. And when you lose to a good team, the good team gets a win. But you get a loss. Just Very funny. Be like, saw somewhere 54 and 54. And so that must That's crazy. Yeah. The NFL was 500 this year.


Yeah. As a league. The league is down. It's not getting done For anyone who says the league is down there. It is. Yep. The league is down. Technically how many games gets, is it always finish? Oh, no, no. Well, I'm stupid. There's one win. Super. Yeah. The super. No, I'm an idiot. I was like, oh yeah, but the Super Bowl's a standalone game. Yep. I'm a moron. I just heard she milled myself. But yeah, shout out the guy who I guess you could say like, who got him, got One conference ends up with a slightly better record, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That will always Wasn't That the Stephen Che thing? He did a prediction for the whole League and No, but he, he his wrong, He was off by like 10 off by Like, because his predictions weren't game by game. They were just, I think that this team is gonna win their division with 13 wins. This team's gonna have 10, this team's gonna have 10, this team's gonna have nine.


No, but he did the whole like, data thing. Yeah. And, but That's impossible. I Went game by game, but it wasn't, it was impossible. Yeah. Oh, IFI found the tweet Jacob Pickle. Great. Jacob Pickle. Shout out Jacob Pi Pickle. He said, wow. The best conference in the history of college basketball is 54 and 54 since January 4th. ESPN. Once again showing their SEC bias for some teams that can't even get above 500. That's great. And then Archie Miller went and used it. Good job. Jacob Pickle, shout out Pickle oh seven also. Great username there. My cool throne. I have two. One is our guy tailgate, Ted. So he actually hit us up PFT and was like, thank you guys for the shout out.


And he has a, if you go online, he has, he's trying to raise money for lung cancer. Lung cancer against lung cancer researcher. Yeah. Research. So shout out tailgate Ted, if you can donate to the GoFundMe. He feels like he's, he's handled it all very well. Like he was obviously made fun of on the internet a little bit. Lost a big game. He's turned it all into a positive. Seems like a genuinely good dude. And you always have the Hard rock. The hard Rock dude. Yeah. The Hard Rock when all else fails, like Pablo Escobar, going back to Medellin, put Your picture up on the wall of the Hard Rock. Yeah. Tailgate. Ted will just get back to Hard Rock and he'll just be around his people. He does seem like a good guy. He, he also needs to realize that in this moment where he's become an internet flashpoint, there are going to be a lot of Eagles fans that will then respond to anything that you say.


Yeah. He's like, I don't know why I'm still getting trolled for it. Yeah, no, it's gonna be a while. These Future statements, it's gonna, it's gonna last for a little bit. Yeah. So, so everyone his, his Twitter username is tailgate Ted and he's got the links there. So shout, shout him. And then my cool drone is Max and the Philadelphia 76 ERs for not posting about the Eagles. Should we talk about that? I didn't know to put that in a Hot Seat or quilter drone. Josh. That makes sense. Josh. Josh Harris. Well, not, not really. Not really. Every other team in Philadelphia posted about that. Posted about the game. The Sixers went radio sign Kind of makes sense. Kind of a salty move by Josh Harris. Like the Sixers are Philadelphia.


You have to separate those two. And also what would, yeah, but does Philadelphia own the Sixers or does Josh Harris? Well, I mean the people, I mean the people kind Of, there's another thing. It's Their, it's their team. Jeffrey Lori wants to buy, wants to buy the Celtics. Yeah. Everyone wants to buy the Celtics. Oh, but what, but Hank, what would it hurt Josh Harris for the Sixers to just be like, good job Eagles on their Twitter account. That's one of those moves. Like, you just have to just ignore it because if you don't, it's a Streisand effect. You're not gonna, they don't post it. And then everyone's like, you're a salty, petty bitch. Maybe he is. He probably is. Which I'm fine with that, but just dude, who cares. But I, I think just fucking let him post it. If They had posted it, we would also talk about that on this show. I don't think so.


No way. I don't think anyone notices those posts. Max. Max would definitely be like how your owner just congratulated the birds. There's, there's no way I would've noticed that. Yeah, you Would. Yeah, You would. The only reason is because people were going to all of the, every other team in Philly posted about about it. The water. The water dogs posted it. Shout out to water dogs. Shout the water dogs. Yeah. You're an owner of the water dogs. Yep. Wow. How about that man? Josh. Josh Harris. That is true. Bigger. And Josh Harris. Way to go, max. Well I decided that's how you fight back. I didn't even think about that when I said that, but Yep. I Decided to put, you know, my, my business relationships aside and acknowledge the local team. I've just more like, there's no way a Twitter post would bother you from the team you own.


Like, is Josh Harris even on Twitter? No, I don't think so. A lot of people are saying Philly has not been happy with Josh Harris recently. They, they point at, at what's happening with the commanders and they say he doesn't care about the Sixers. All this stuff feels like that's not Well The Sixers suck in the command. Although the Sixers did just beat the calves. It is crazy too, like when you own multiple teams, I feel like you just put yourself in that spot all the time where if one of em's not good, everyone's like, why aren't you making that team good? Yeah. Because they're like, you don't, we're not your priority anymore. I just, I there's no way he, by not posting it, you're just like, oh, he's bothered. Yeah. That's my only point. Yeah. The the commanders are to Josh Harris.


That's Baron. The Sixers are like Eric. Mm. And then the devils are like Don Jr. If you wanna put it in Trump terms. Yeah, yeah. You got that. Sure. I, I don't know. I don't understand what also, I only found out about this because Max came up to me, he was like, you see Josh Harris ton post this? Yeah. Well yeah. It was Matt. Yeah. You, so you actually care about, like, now I'm back on pf T's side because like you can't actually be like, why the fuck having the Sixers post? Well I think it's, Well no, no, no. I didn't know about it until other people were, were talking about it. And then, although realistically I think it's probably like the social media manager who was, who was like, I'm just not gonna post about this.


'cause I don't know if my boss, yeah. There's a very good chance that this never got to Josh Harris's Desk. Yeah. I I assume that's probably what it was. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want my boss mad at me. Correct. Yeah. And honestly like fair play to both sides. Because if he had posted that from the Sixers, then I would've been like, what the fuck dude. Like his, his fans in DC would be mad or his fans in Philly would be, would be mad if he doesn't post it. You know, what he should have done is he should have just posted from the Sixers account Good season commanders just ran into a better team. Like compliment the commanders and be like, but the six, the Eagles are a better team. Like this shit happens. Yeah. That's what sports are. Are the NFC East, once again representing. Yeah. The nf, the NFC in the Super Bowl.


Congrats. NFC Beast. Yep. NFC Beast. NFC Beast. Did they They have not Because usually teams will get bullied into this. They have not updated it. Do you think they'll post anything for the Super Bowl? They gotta Right. If they win. Yeah. Yeah. They got to also the real, If they lose and they post something, they'd be very funny That Yeah. Now that would be funny. Yeah. They're like, oh, so close. Great season guys. Nothing to be ashamed of. So close. Basically like you didn't win a playoff game. Yeah. If you don't win the whole thing. Alright, let's get to, I guess, I guess it falls on our shoulders. Now Let's get to JOC. We got our exit interview with him about the fantasy football season and what our strategy is going forward.


Before we do that, we get a couple ads before We get to Jerry O'Connell, our great friend, he's brought to you by maybe even our better friend. Mountain Dew Baja Blast. I'm wearing my Mountain Dew Baja Blast jumpsuit right now. It is one of the goat soft drinks. One of the most refreshing things you can have. Mountain Dew Baja Blast is part of my game day ritual. You can have a Mountain Dew Baja Blast at halftime. Cool yourself off also gets you a little bit jacked up for the second half. The tropical lime flavor of Mountain Dew Baja Blast is as refreshing as a game winning kick. It says refreshing as a 98 yard pick. Six. It says refreshing as having big dom on the sidelines to cool everything down if things get too heated. Mountain Dew Baja Blast. You can ride the Baja Wave on game day. Grab Mountain Dew Baja Blast for you and your crew. Wherever refreshing beverages are sold.


Jerry O'Connell's also brought to you by Dove Menz. Are you prepared to host a game day celebration? There's a lot of possible issues you could run into. If you're having people over and you're dealing with your body odor related issues that might freak some people out. Fortunately, you've got Dove men's. You know what the worst thing is when it comes to smelling? If you sit down next to somebody and you spend like two minutes being like, this dude smells bad. And then you move around and you realize, oh my God, it was me. I smell bad. All the thoughts I was thinking about that guy, I'm thinking about myself. Yep. That's a bad feeling to have. I just sprayed it. Smells great. The whole body deal, incredible smell, Dove men's whole body Dio eliminates all that smell and it smells fantastic on its own too. So you can be confident. You can tackle whole body odor with Dove men plus care whole body. Do the whole body do. Defends against all your odor zones. We're talking pits, privates, feet, and it's long lasting. 72 hour odor protection. Find dove men whole body deal at Walmart today.


And now here's Jerry O'Connell. Okay, we now welcome. On one of our very, very dear friends. He's a very, very, very, very, very, very special guest. All right. It Is Jerry O'Connell. Yeah. In studio. Yeah. There's no one that's more committed to us than Jerry O'Connell. When I say, when I texted him, I was like, Hey, we want to have a recap of the fantasy season, football season, everything. Yeah. He just said, okay, what day works? And I was expecting it to be Zoom and he is like, all right, I'll, I'm gonna land in Chicago at 7:00 AM then I'm gonna fly back out at three o'clock. That's what you do for us. Yeah. You you came in, you have the briefcase.


Oh yeah. What, what was the flight? What's the flight schedule today? Flight schedule was, I flew out last night at 11:00 PM Okay. Landed five something. Okay. Went to It's great. They're, they're a partner. Went to Planet Fitness. You should Have just come here to our new gym. I should have. Yeah. We Have a Planet Fitness right here. Yeah. I would've come here. It's just like Hank is like all oiled up and stuff and Yeah. Like waiting on the squat rack and you gotta go in the locker room with him and he's like, you wanna do steam? And you're like, no man. Yeah. And he's like watching you. And then I didn't bring shower shoes. There's no way I'm going in that shower barefoot.


Yeah. Yeah. So I just went to my pf man. You went to your pf Yeah. And then you went and got a breakfast. Yeah, I got A breakfast around the corner and, And, and then when do you fly back? I fly back today at 3:00 PM There it is. My daughters have volleyball practice tonight and I've gotta go watch them not start and not play well and act like I'm involved. So, no, That's a nice quick John out here. Yeah. Did you stop at, at any apartments that you've been looking at? Because Jerry always sends us apartments, usually on Chicago's Gold Coast. He's like, Hey, look what you can buy here. It's so funny. My algorithm is so crazy. By the way. Shout out to all the algorithms out there.


They've really got it figured Out. Agreed. Shout out to the algorithms. Red note. My algorithm is, well, I mean, first and foremost it's usually like boots Big tits. Yeah. No, my all, I've actually, I don't know if you do this, but I, 'cause the algorithm always works and if you click on it, if you, if you watch the video, they'll give you more of that. So I always make sure that I watch the big tits. Right. So now it's pretty much only big tits. Yeah, It is just, it is a little, it gets a little awkward because I have, you know, two teenage kids and a wife and if you say anything like, oh hey look at this text that so and so sent and it's Instagram that usually comes up and I'm always like, whoa, whoa.


What, what is this? Yeah. Yeah. That's, I'm not following them. What is this Shout algorithm Zuckerberg? But it's that, a lot of it lately has been Josh Allen crossing an imaginary first downline. Yeah. On that fourth downplay. I don't know if it heard me talking about it. It's in my thoughts. I mean, I actually haven't been talking to anybody about it. I've just been thinking about it a lot. 'cause I, I live at home with my wife and daughters and I'm the only one who watches football, so I have no one to talk to about it. So I haven't even been like saying anything out loud. It's just, it's been feeding me that.


And finally what it gives me is a moderately priced apartments here in the Chicago area. I don't Know. Yeah. They are great deals. Yeah. I I must have clicked on one and sent it to you guys and now it's my thing. Oh, also I have other algorithms. Like I have a Giants friend and anytime there's a Giants meme or anything, you know, a lot of stuff with Daniel Jones wearing his helmet on backwards. I don't know if you saw that one. Where his helmet is like, I send him, that Jets me. I have a few jets friends that I send jets memes to and I mean, we should talk more and I I could send you some commander's memes and some bears memes. Yeah, that'd be great. You send, you have free reign to send any tax.


You know, it's funny. I do, I don't send you guys many sports memes. 'cause I'm sure by the time I've seen it, it's been sent to you 1 million times. So I try, I try not to waste your time. I do have a texting relationship with both of you and I don't try to abuse it. I try to send you interesting things. And you also have a texting relationship now with Max memes and pug. Yeah. You got the whole, you, you, you basically asked for all the numbers and you've been texting with I I almost just threw you into the Pardon My Take group text. No, no. I have a quite, but then we would, It would turn to green Go green. And also we'd be talking about what dinners were gonna get a lot and you'd be jealous.


Yeah. Wasn't it so fun being your fantasy manager this year and finally getting into that group text and being the only green bubble just to fuck with them hard. Yeah. I think it was a 15 person group chat. I tossed Jerry in it immediately turned to the green bubble and everybody was like, who the fuck is this? Yeah. And Jerry just immediately became an agent of chaos Yeah. And started sending shirtless pictures to the chat. Yeah. Yep. You you took it upon yourself Yeah. To, to organize the draft order by taking names outta hat while shirtless. Well, We were a week away from our draft And we still did not have a draft order. Yeah. So I made a video of myself doing the draft order. And if you recall, there was a, a, a controversy, as they say in England, a a controversy where we got the first pick.


Yeah. And everyone said, I cheated. Yeah. And I was actually upset that we got the first pick. 'cause you gotta take Christian McCaffrey and thank goodness. Yeah. Thank goodness they just went to some random ator to redo the draft because we would've been fucked hard. Yeah. Yeah. It started, it, it started with a bang people. I I, I thought people didn't really appreciate Jerry from the get go. But then a, after like 1, 2, 3 months, they grew to love Jerry. And now Jerry is like the unofficial Masco of that fantasy league, which it goes to show you, if you keep Jerry around long enough, you're gonna end up loving him. Yeah. Guys, I really, I'm, I I feel like I'm, I'm, I'm almost like the Mark Andrews of our, of our, of our, of our league.


Like, I really dropped the ball for you guys. I lost by, for those who don't know, I posted a few times on X we lost in, in the game that would've taken us to the championship by point 10 points 0.10. And that's on the manager. You know, it is on me. It's on the manager. I gotta tell you. Hand up. I take full responsibility. I never admitted this to you. And I'm gonna say it now, at the trade deadline, we were offered a straight up trade. Max. You listening Max? He's nodding.


Yes. I'm listening, I'm listening. We were offered a trade straight up AJ Brown. We had Joe Mixon and I turned it down. Mm. And that is why we lost Mm. I don't know if you recall, but those last few weeks, Joe Mixon just shit the bed. He had single digit scoring weeks, week after week after week. And you have to start Joe Mixon. And you know, I, I'm not defending myself here, but in my defense, you know, AJ Brown at this time was throwing helmets on sidelines.


He was reading self-help books in between plays. I just thought the Eagles were going to Eagle and I didn't want any part of that. And that was my mistake. And I want to apologize to your faces. Okay. I appreciate, feel, feel You acceptance a little bit, John. 'cause I gotta tell you that. Sorry, what were You gonna say? I just, I feel a little bit like John Mara where it's like, if I'm gonna, I'm gonna kill myself If AJ Brown beats us. Yeah. I'm doing this right now. I, is it fair to say, Jerry, you're, you're, you're not on the Hot Seat, but people are asking if you're on the Hot Seat. I, I I I think Yeah. I I don't even think it's a Hot Seat.


I think people are saying maybe he needs, like, you know, when a coach Nathaniel Hackett, when he was with the Broncos, he had to bring in a great coach, a a clock manager. Do we need to bring in maybe someone who's won championships before to be like a senior analyst that can at least you can talk things through with them when you're worried about a trade or a starter sit just, just an old head that maybe, maybe is been through the wars that can give you some advice that's just been thrown out there. Yeah. Not, not anybody that's above you. Right. But just, you know, somebody that you can, you can ask questions. Well, they would, that person, if we brought in that person, they would technically report directly to us.


Right. And Jerry would have to report to them. But again, not above you. I, I, I would like to remain calling all the plays. Okay. I, I feel that responsibility should be mine. I'm a coach of men. Wait, what did Siri, leader of men. I'm a leader of men and I, I think I can handle it. I, I just wanna say for the record, two years ago we made it to the finals And we lost. And this year we came in third. So, I mean Right. It's a lot of numbers. But I mean like, listen, I mean like Josh Allen just, just defended his coach. Yeah, I know. But questions are happening with Sean McDermott.


It's like, have you, has Sean McDermott been the same coach ever since DeMar? Have you been the same fantasy manager since DeMar? I, I, I wanna say for, for those who don't recall, we went to the championship the week that DeMar Hamlin Say it almost died. Prayers for Tomorrow. Prayers for tomorrow, prayers for Tomorrow Went down And we were losing by just a few points And we had to negotiate to have our quarterbacks Yeah. Be a part of our total score the next week. And we lost. We look, I, you know what I-I-I-I-I realize that my job is on the line here.


No, no, no, no. Listen, we didn't want this to be an accusatory. It's not an intervention. We just have had internal discussions about the framework of our organization. When we lose in the playoffs, we have to look in the mirror and say, what can we do better? The process is the process what we want it to be. Because The standard that we have as an organization, it couldn't be higher. Yeah. And the standard is anything less than championship. Right. We, we don't want, we don't think about that. Our goal is to win championships here. And I'll speak on behalf of Big Cat. We're giving you a vote of confidence. You're an manager, you're our manager, you Are our manager, You're our manager. Whether we add a general manager, who knows.


But what would you say the standard is? The standard is, I No, No, No. I already missed it. You already Fucked it Up. What is the standard Jerry Championships? No, Jerry, what is the standard? The standard? What is it? What is the standard? The standard is winning. No, you're so Close. Your Standard is defeat is impossible. Just Standard. Repeat it. The standard is the Standard. Yes. There it Is. Got it. Alright. That's our guy. I don't like how long get there. You what? See, we're culture guys to get, I Don't know how long it, I don't like how long it took to get there. Okay. Let me go through, I, I did some research. I have a fantasy recap and what we might do next season.


Is it okay if I go through that? Yes. And then you can, I had a question for you before we go through that. Sure. Why it's not, it's not the Rollback question You said. No, it's not the road back question yet. W is your wife ever gonna follow us on Twitter? All her tweets are just tweeting at us and she doesn't follow us. That's a, that's a I'm just saying like locker room culture. I went and looked and the last four tweets are directly at me and PFT. Yeah. I mean, and she does not follow us back. Her one of her tweets, our daughter just sent me this video. She was simply doing her homework on a Sunday night. They don't know who Dak is. This is Jerry's erratic behavior I was talking about on your sports podcast also, there's a picture of you from Thanksgiving, what is happening? PFT and Big Cat Jerry will only talk about benching laporta.


It's bumming everyone out. Happy Thanksgiving. And then she said, so happy. Pardon My Take fantasy football season is over. Big Cat and PFT Jerry's torture on Sundays. And do you know why? Because he sucks at it. Loser. Get a new manager. Hmm. This is your wife supermodel, by the way. Who is calling you a loser and asking us to fire you. Is that winning culture? Listen, I don't, I'm not in charge of her socials. You know, I'm not that ingrained in her career. It's not like a, a Blake Lively Ryan Reynolds thing happening with the two of us.


We do our own thing. But my wife maybe doesn't follow you guys because when you follow someone, you can DM someone. And last time I was on here, you talked for a good 90 minutes about how you used to masturbate to her image. I don't think that's what we Said over and over and over. I don't Think that's what we Said. I said I, I loved her in the swimsuit issue. Yeah. Absolutely Loved her, but loved her. Her did the weird, like lip you like licked your lips and, and stuff. I Don't think I, I licked my lips And We just said that her swimsuit issue was a very big part of our childhood. I became a man. Yeah. Yeah. But I would, there're right there. That's, I'm saying I became a man That's, that you could be, that you masturbated No, to my wife.


And why would my wife follow you? No, I'm saying I, she, I I Grew up grew. Yeah. That could be any, I grew up watching her. That could be learning how to drive a car. That could be a bar mitzvah. That'd be quinceanera. There's a lot of things that becoming a man is. Yeah. But why, you know, my wife for decades has dealt with like weirdos and creeps like Saying things like that. Guess what? I will point us out to him. We'll, we'll we'll handle 'em for her. Like, is Jerry bothering you Rebecca? Because We'll help you. I will talk to her about following you. I'm sorry I didn't know that you weren't being followed also. No, it's okay. It's okay. But she's, listen, she is, I would say the perfect example of our fan base being upset about our fantasy manager.


So we want to hear from the fans. Okay. Maybe we need to do a, a a Jerry Con where we invite all the fans and, and they can tell us face to face, Hey, here's the problem with his fantasy managing. 'cause we answer to the fans. Jerry, let me just ask you this. Stand by me. Yeah. I was in it. Great, great film. Thank you. Classic. How would you describe that? What is, what is the genre of film that is A buddy a coming of age film? Mm, exactly. Interesting. Rebecca Romaine was a coming of age thing for me. You're Making I understand what you're using the word coming. No, no, No. You, you said the word coming said used. You started that. You I it was a long view. Yes. It was a long One of those. Like it Was not German views with the two dots over.


It was Like cooing. Yeah. Yeah. That's a it's a cooing of Age. He was zooming. He was zooming there. I would agree with you on that. I'm cooing of Age. Yeah. Guys, listen, let me get to my fantasy preview for you. What I can do for you as a manager. I know you're thinking about bringing someone else in. I don't wanna bring anyone else in. I think I can handle all the play calling duties. Let me just give you the research I've done based on That's fair. The 20 24, 25 season. Okay. And what we have to Look forward to. Okay. Alright. You have that before? Yeah. This is basically it. This is our exit interview after a tough season. What it is, that's what they do. Every team does this after the season's over all the players meet with the coach and the gm.


Yeah. Talk about, hey, what, where, what's the direction you think you're going? How did you play? What can you get better at? Is this a performance improvement plan? Yeah. It's Not No, no, no. That we only have, we only have one of those that we're allowed to use. And it's currently being used. It's like a franchise tag we're currently using on memes. Yeah. So we, the pip can't be passed around like that. Okay. Let me, let me go through my preview. Okay. Okay. So the exit interview, you're not exiting. What would you say you do here, Jerry? I didn't know that Joe Mix. I mean that's also just, that's a transparency issue because you find out. Yeah. Like the athletic is gonna do a story about this being like inside a tumultuous 24 hours of the, Pardon?


My Take fantasy league and be like, Jerry O'Connell turned down AJ Brown for Joe Mixon and that's where the c that's where he lost. Because imagine if you're AJ Brown or sorry if you're Joe Mixon and you know that Jerry is shopping you, how do you, how do you go play ball after that? It'd be tough. It would be tough. And you, you said that his, his, his season took a downturn major Right After you had him on the trade block. He He actually fucked us. He fucked us out of, out of, out of winning the whole thing. Oh guys, you you wanna see my planet of fitness shorts? I was in sort of rush. I had to go with the jorts Today. Oh nice. Are those the Bing bong jorts?


Oh man. How about Mr. Bing Bong? Can you believe I was in standby me? I was at Jerry McGuire and currently the thing I'm most known for is Mr. Bingman. I can't wait for for NBA playoffs. We gotta bring him back. Alright, here we go. This is our fantasy recap. Exit interview. You don't like that word, but that's what they use. I don't like it. Let's start with the A FC North. Let's start with the bills. That was a bummer. This sweet Wait. Oh no. Oh, hold on. Time out. Yeah. Big Cat. I I think we need to get somebody that Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. A OC. Sorry. Is he A c Is I I feel like That was a title. I feel like Jill Biden now I have to be like No, he's fine.


He's of sound mind body. Do you can, you can still do this job. Do you use Madden for any of your rankings and help in decision making? No, but a actually maybe I should. I sometimes when I, when I gamble, I use, I look at fantasy defenses, how they're gonna perform and I, I was always looking for a system with gambling. Yeah. And I thought, oh, what if I'll use fantasy defensive rankings and bet whoever the, the, the team that, that defense bet against the team that that defense is playing. And it didn't work. It wasn't a system. Okay. I know that Brick is a listener. This podcast. Yeah. Brick could be the guy that we bring in to work with Jerry. Yeah.


No, don't do it to me guys. Oh, He, he knows the inside and outs of a NFL franchise. Yeah. Don't do it to we go, okay. Okay. Where are we starting a FC East. Got it. Let's start with the bills. The receivers have been a total bummer this season. I mean, Khalil Shaki is their number one receiver. Amarii Cooper. They got hosed by the Browns man. That was, that was a bad trade. Kincaid has been a bummer. Of course, Josh Allen is a stud. Of course James Cook, man, he was possessed So good On Sunday LED league with TDS 16.


But nobody else, I mean, Cooper Was weird because it looked like it was gonna be a good trade right at the start. And then nothing, Nothing. He had one game against Tennessee. Yeah, but nothing. And by the way, that's what they were missing this weekend. Alright, let's go to Miami. I wanna apologize to you guys also for not making that, that AJ Brown trade, but also I did not see John U. Smith this season. And that's something if you are managing a fantasy team, you need to draft people in the 12th round who end up being a top five in their position. That's, that Might even been a waiver wire.


It may have been. I I just didn't see 'em and I apologize. It was too late. What happened with her wire this week or this year? Did, did we make any big pickups? We, you know, Jalen Warren was a waiver wire pickup. I don't really recall at this time about our waiver wire Because that's, I do not recall. That's please noted in the exit interview that a he said thing that I do not recall thing that big. Can I have like Belichick? It's like the undrafted free agents. That's where you win. Yeah. Yeah. And your his answer was, I do not recall. Do not recall. Not important. Okay. But you know what? Tyreek, wattle and Tua, I, i eight chan is of of course is incredible.


But I, I, I gotta tell you, my problem with Miami, your head coach can't shiver on a sideline. No. No. That's not allowed. No. And I gotta, I I'm not even making a joke here. Like, refugees shiver, like, like dogs. Dogs that don't have homes. Oh, by the way, max way to be. Congrats on Nola Max. Thank you. Jerry. Billy, whatever. Yeah. Nola, that's Billy. Yeah. Nola Rescue dogs shiver. Yeah. You know, head coaches can't shiver.


I agree On national television. That's why I like a fat coach. Yeah. You have a good layer of insulation there. By the way. I think Tyreek Hill is gonna go to Washington. You think so? Oh, Interesting. I know, I think Josh Harris is gonna pay that 27 million and it's gonna open everything up. And I'm really looking forward to that. Yeah, He's a great player. He's still really, really good. I just don't know. You gotta take a gamble on his, you know, some of the off the field stuff that range. I don't, I think, I think Coach Quinn can handle it. Okay. I I think that'd be fun. The Jets means, are you there? Hello? None of them ever.


Yeah. Again, ever again. I think this team, this last season is gonna be studied for what not to do. By the way, this is part of my take. We have to have takes. I think the problem is Aaron. Mm. Okay. Yeah. I Think he's the problem. And I, and I, and I'm gonna tell you why I I told you, I have teenage daughters. They're at the age now where they're bringing suitors home, young men. And I make them say hello to me and I shake their hand and I go, hello, nice to meet you. I'm, I'm their father. And I look them in the eye. I looked them in the eye to look for, to see if they're druggies.


And I gotta tell you, Aaron Rogers has druggie eyes. He looks like a druggie. And I, I know this 'cause I'm dealing with young men all the time. And I look, I look at them and I'm like, is this a druggie? Is this a druggie? You're a druggie. Get him outta here. I I, Aaron Rogers just has druggie eyes to me. Yeah. And you know what? You don't want that around Brick. We mentioned brick. Impressionable. Impressionable. Yep. Oh, I, my jet's buddy Memes. Are you still there? Still here. My Jets buddy thinks that Justin Fields is gonna come to the Jets. Interesting. Yeah. I got a name for you. Okay. What about Derek Carr?


That's a good name. Yeah, it's a good name. I, I just, I this season really, You're just off quarterbacks This season with him. I, I'm just not feeling it. IIII know he is a friend of the show. I listened to his interview. It was, it was a, it was a great interview. He's must, he looks good. Good arms. Definitely works. Arms, No druggie eyes, maybe Prozac eyes. No, he's got the mascara. Beau He's got beautiful eyes. He's, he's a, he's got pretty dreamy eyes. Yeah. Oh, I, I do think, I do think Aaron Rogers will go to, I think he'll go to Tennessee. Mm. That's kind of perfect for him. I could see that happening. Yeah. Maybe the Browns, Maybe the Steelers.


Maybe. Alright. The Patriots. Hank, are you there? Yeah. Hank man. Can you believe that people actually get nervous when I'm about to talk about their meme? You give your final judgment. Yeah. I can't believe it actually matters. Oh, memes hate you, by the way, from what you just said about the Jets. Yeah. Listen, memes, I'm a Jets fan. I, I it's gotta be said, sorry, memes. We Didn't have a coach all season. See Mad Dev also Devante Adams and Gary Wilson. You Should take them. Hey, you know what I wanna ask you? Memes. Aaron Rogers, does he have druggie eyes?


Yeah, he's a full blown drug addict. But he had, he had the second best season in, in the franchise history. Top Five quarterback. Top five quarterback, most Top five. Everything. The Texas game. Hank? Yep. We're gonna draft Drake May next season. Fuck yes. Wow. We're gonna draft him. Let me tell you Josh McDaniels. Josh McDaniels is going to turn Drake May into Brady 2.0. Wow. Doug Marone Now too. I, I gotta tell you, hunter Henry, Hank, you're back. Not only that, I Think that's the first time that's ever been said. Hunter. Henry, you're back. Hank, Hank is back.


You guys are picking forth. Yep. Alright. Let me say this New York shit. Ball Giants pick third. If they pass on Travis Hunter, the Giants and the fucking Patriots get Travis Hunter. I will be. So, 'cause then we have a, we have a Hank problem for years to come if that happens. Oh yeah. Yeah. So we Come Then he become Hank becomes Hunter Henry at that point. It's so scary. Oh, but you know what? I think you should, the Giants should take Travis Hunter. I think you guys at four should reach for that.


I'm gonna mispronounce his name. Tet Tet McMillan. T Toia. Oh, from Arizona. Yeah. The awesome wide, wide receiver Teria. Somebody helped me look it up. Max, you're good with accents. You're good with names. T Max. You can just Call him tt. That's what I, that's what I've been saying. No, I wanna say his, I wanna say his full name. Look it up. Te Te Teria. Tet. Name's. Oh His name's Tet. Good one. Hank Teria T Come on Max guys give it one shot. Max Go for give Give Tac Roa Ro to ro Roa.


Te te te. Alright. Tmac. I think you should draft Tmac in that fourth spot. You should reach for it. But Hank great job man. I mean it really good job. Thank you. Okay, we're gonna get back to Jerry O'Connell in a second.


But does everyone know what time it is? What season it is? Hockey Season 2 27. It is hockey season. Basketball. Basketball. But it's also tax season. That's right. It's tax season. Which we all know Hank is not a fan of. How you feeling about this tax season? Hank Guys, you're not gonna actually believe this, but I feel really good about my taxes this year for once. Nice. I'm ahead of the game. All thanks to Tax Act. I'm not waiting until the last minute. And you shouldn't either. You shouldn't be like, you should be like memes and use Tax Act. They have expert assist. It's available to answer all of your questions. Every tax expert is based in the US so the ins and outs of the tax system. Any questions you might have, they have easy, quick answers for you. Super helpful. And they have different levels depending on the help that you need. You should check out for yourself. Just go to tax act.com right now. Check out the levels, get some questions answered. Go to tax act.com, all your tax help. Check it out. Tax act.com.


Alright, let's head over to the A FC West. Okay, I got that right. The Chiefs right? Yep. Yeah. Okay. The Chiefs. It's tough to get a beat on them 'cause everyone was injured this year. You know what? I know Mahomes have big games. That Carolina game, that Tampa game. A couple others. Houston, Pittsburgh. But he had kind of a blast season. He didn't Oh, this is a fantasy recap. Obviously they had a winning record. This isn't about records, this is about fantasy E Everyone on that team at Alo season and watching them these last few weeks, I have a feeling these old heads wait till the playoffs to start playing. Yeah. Like watching Travis Kel, it's like he really didn't start playing until last weekend.


And that's not what we care about. You know, like we want regular, we want weeks one through 17. Oh hey, I have a non fantasy question. Okay. Obviously Josh Allen and Halle Steinfeld, Steinfeld getting Steinfeld, Haley, Hailey, Steinfeld, Seinfeld, ator. Yeah. Get engaged. Do do Travis, does Travis and Taylor, do they feel that pressure? Ooh, I think they, I think she's waiting to propose to him.


I think her fans would be like, how dare how dare Travis think that he can propose to her and put her on the spot like that? Well isn't she sort of like a, I don't wanna put anyone inside of a, like a, I don't wanna cage anybody into their artistic boundaries. I don't wanna give anyone artistic boundaries. But isn't she sort of a mainstream, like aren't we waiting for like a formal like engagement Yeah. From them? Yeah. Like isn't that informal? If the woman is engaging, sorry to be, well, I guess I, I was just old fashioned. I was thinking, somebody asked the question in the gambling cave on Sunday, what if the, at the end of the Super Bowl confetti coming down, Travis Kelsey gets on a knee and proposes to Taylor Swift And we were saying that the Swifties would not like that.


No. Because that's putting her on the spot at his biggest moment. So what if she proposed to him at like the Grammys or at her big, like a big concert that she was at? Yeah. That to me feels like that's, that might be the way that relationship's going. Yeah. AMAs Grammys. Yeah. Then they just become essentially the king and queen of America at that point. Wow. Like they become the tar, the the number one tabloid story. Yeah. What are Travis and, and Taylor doing today? There's gotta be pressure. All they're, they're, they're also at that age where everybody's getting engagement rings and you know what he, he's just given her a friendship bracelet. Yeah. Like one of those concert, what do you call them? A friendship bracelet? Yeah. Where they give each other a t Yes. A swift, yeah.


Friendship Bracelet. Friendship bracelet. Yeah. It better be the best ring ever. Gotta be ever. Alright. So yeah, none of the chiefs Okay. Chargers. Oh, you know what guys? I wanna thank you. Mm. In our fantasy preview in August, you told me to draft lad lad McConkey. Yeah. And you were right. That's how you win fantasy. He was a 10th round draft pick for Us. So let's see. The most important pick that our team made me and Big Cat actually made that pick. I'm just writing this down. And he Just said, that's how you Win fantasy. And we didn't win anything. Yeah, that's true. We're not winners player.


Sounds like the standard is just getting into the, Our pick. Just writing that down. Hey, you know what? Pardon My Take. Gotta have a take. Justin Herbert for fantasy reasons kind of sucks. He's, yeah, they ran the ball a lot. He's not really gonna work for us. I gotta tell you too, about the Chargers that Quentin Johnson drop in week 12 against Buffalo. I I the circumstances, I think it was, was it fourth? It was third or fourth down. They needed it. It was against Baltimore. Right? It hit him in the hands that he dropped it. That was some, that was some, remember Daniel Jones tripping on the way to the end zone?


That was some butt fumble. Yeah. That was some Cody Parkey double doink. That was like, IIII can't look at that franchise for a few years after that drop. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's just one of those That's fair. Oh, Najee Harris might go there. That would be interesting. That would be interesting. Possible landing spot for Tyreek. But other than lad, we're not touching anybody. Let's go to Denver. Okay. I have a kind of a take with Denver. Denver gets t Higgins or Stefan Diggs. Cortland Sutton and Bo Nicks are must drafts their defense. We played them so much this season. They're awesome.


They could in that draft reach for that Matthew Golden guy that, that tall Texas Yep. Wide receiver Denver's running game. We're not touching it. Avta is old. Please don't tell me Audrick Esme is good. But if they get T hains, Bo Nicks, Cortland Sutton must drafts. Okay. So you think that if they get another really good wide receiver, another wide receiver, then their number one receiver gets better. Yes. Yes. Or their number or we go with whoever their number two, two receiver is. But they, they just, I I, I have a theory and fantasy that you need, you need that Addison to help Jefferson.


You need that Jefferson to help Addison. It opens it up and people score more points. I mean, point, look at the Lions this season. They all opened it up for everybody, you know? Yeah. I I do think that Bo Nick is gonna have a great year next year. Yeah. Have you seen the, the clips of former quarterbacks for Sean Peyton talking about the play calls that they have to learn? No. And how long they are? They go on for like 15 seconds. Sometimes you have to tell everybody on the offense what you're doing on that play. And then also throw in, okay, here's what we're gonna check to in case they blitz the fact that Bo Nicks played that well, his rookie year in Sean Payton season. I think he's gonna be great in his second year. I like it. Okay. Let's go to the Raiders.


I don't know what's gonna happen there. Now if they get Shadu Okay. Which they're saying they may trade up for to get Shadur, they may trade with the Titans. That's a possibility. Then I, I have to tell you, Jacoby Myers and Bowers become must drafts love that. If Russell Wilson is their quarterback, we are, I'm not even going to watch a, I'm not going to watch a Raiders game. I I'm not only am I not gonna draft anyone because they're typically afternoon games 'cause they're West Coast. I may not watch afternoon games next season. Yeah, yeah.


If Russell Wilson is the starting quarterback on the Raiders, if Pete Carroll does that to the Raiders fans. I, I-I-I-I-I-I-I want nothing to do with the Raiders. Okay. Fair? Yeah. Oh, speaking of Russell Wilson, a FC North Steelers Steelers are in the a FC North. Correct. Man. Like that Seahawks defense. Y you know what Richard Sherman, Richard Sherman was Right. They carried Russell Wilson into the playoffs. Don't you ever talk about me? Remember that? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I was, I was at that game. I was there. Oh, really? Yeah. Sorry. Receiver like Crabtree, Man.


The Steelers aren't for years of hurt. Yeah. It's just, it's gonna be years. Yeah. It's gonna be bad. It's gonna be bad. Oh. But you know what? I will say from a fantasy standpoint, Najee Harris leaving Jalen Warren becomes a must draft. Good running back. Oh, George Pickens, maybe the commanders. I don't know about that. Why? That would be awesome for you. He's, I love watching George when he is on a different team. Okay. Hank, Hank, Hank, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry George Pickens to the Patriots. Eh, I don't see you, you don't think that Coach Rebel can straighten him out?


I dunno if anyone can straighten down George Pickens. He's so good though. Yeah, but he's not. But he's so good. But he's also not Alright. Ravens a c North, right? Yep. Oh man. You know what? I missed not drafting Zay Flowers, fellas. That was on me. You know, I work with a guy who told me once Za Flowers was small and it was just in my head, that Happens. It just gets in your head, you know? You get it taken and It's hard to get off it. But you know what I gotta say, man, I gotta pay you guys a compliment. When I came in here with my preview, you said draft Derrick Henry because he's gonna look good in a, in a Ravens uniform. Yeah.


And you were right. Yeah. He looks really good in a Ravens uniform. He looked big strong. Let me ask you something. If you were in an executive position, we are in the NFL. Yeah. If you were making decisions about players in the NFL, the Answer's Yes. And you used these rules, like Yes. You know what? He would look good. Yeah. We'd be good in a uniform. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think that Would, uniforms are 50% of the game, But do you think that sort of thinking would make for, do you think vibes? Yeah. Oh yeah. You gotta go off vibes sometimes. Like you look at the Photoshop of a guy and you think, okay, what if, for example, what if Tom Brady was a Tampa Bay Buccaneer? That looks good.


Yeah. Derrick Henry as a cowboy doesn't really look as good. No. Yeah. You guys were wrong. I think you said Andy Dalton was gonna look, be a good bear. He's gonna look good as a bear. Didn't you say that? Well, and It's, listen, maybe, maybe need you were wrong. Need the new hair. So That was Yeah. Maybe it wouldn't work. I Also love Derrick Henry's new hair. Yeah. He, he goes even higher, I think on my board next year. We are definitely, if they're around, gonna draft Lamar and definitely Mark Andrews, that man is gonna be on a mission. That he's on a mission. That he's got months to just sit at home and think about it. What a bummer. No, that was so funny. When you posted the photo on X of Stave. I'm not gonna say it 'cause it's on here, but with the thing in his mouth.


Yeah. You posted that photo and I remember looking at it being like, whoa, I can't believe they're posting that. That's not good. And then I watched It. Yeah. None of it was in there. There wasn't, he was down bad. That's funny. The Bengals. Man, I gotta say, you guys told me to draft Chase Brown. I didn't. Mm. Big miss. The more I go through this, There's a lot of misses. This is sounds you can To us under the bus. Sounds like we drafted a perfect team. You were right about Chase Brown. I, I missed on that one. Kaki kind of sucked. You know, t Higgins, wherever he does go, something you think about last two seasons, he's missed 10 games.


So that's something to think about when drafting him. Obviously all the, all the Bengals, they're great. And you know what? I think they're gonna, I think they, Al Golden Guy is their new defensive coordinator. Yeah. I don't know anything about him, but he looks like a Football guy. He's a good defensive coach. Do you think that that with t Higgins, maybe he missed some of the games because he was thinking about getting a big contract protecting himself. No. I think some players just get injured more often. Yeah, that's true. Browns, this is interesting. If the Browns draft Cam Ward, I think the Browns at the second, if they draft Cam Ward, Jerry Judy will be a must draft for us. Mm.


Okay. If the Browns, because Coach Stefanski used to be Kirk Cousins's offensive coordinator. If Kirk Cousins goes to the Browns, Jerry Judy will be a must draft. Wow. Ford and Chubb. It's, it's, we're not drafting them, but if they get a quarterback cam or Kirk draft, Jerry Judy, we're drafting Jerry Judy. Okay. And when Chubb, when he's healthy, if you have Chubb or you have Ford and you're watching a Browns game, whoever scores a touchdown, you get excited. And it's always the guy that you don't have. Yeah, Exactly. Always. Exactly.


Bummer. A FC South is dead to us. Yeah, I was gonna say skip the Whole thing. The entire division, they're just cursed. What is the word in? Hey, max. Max. Max. Here, here, Present. What's the Italian American term? It's the Melo. It's the meloche. It's like the curse, right? A Malo. Yep. Melo Occhio Sound sounded right to me. It's occhio. I think it is. It's like the curse. Yeah. Tto McMillan tto. We gotta get that. I wanna apologize to Mr. McMillan Tac.


I'm sorry. Once I, once we get it, we'll get it. But the Occhio, they, the A FC South just has the Occhio. CJ s Strout. Let's start with the Texans. What a bummer, man. What a bummer. I gotta tell you, Anthony Richardson, I believe was more successful than CJ Strout this season. I'm sorry. I know c in terms Of fantasy points, possibly I don't even care about fantasy points. Just in terms of expectations. That's a take. I like that take, that's a take. I'd like you to go on that. Take a, that's a quite a Take. Yeah. Just in terms of expectations. CJ Stroud was a possible like Super Bowl contender, and he did not have a good season. You know, I know I have a bad taste in my mouth because of Joe Mixon and that trade and how the Texans finished their season.


Look, Nico's great. I get it. Tank get, get well soon. Mixon did have a good season, but I gotta tell you, weeks 15, 60 14, 15, 60, 17, it, it wasn't Okay. Schultz sucked. None of them. They got the Melo Keyo, the cults. Oh man, I gotta, I gotta take ownership of this too. We drafted as our QB one Anthony Richardson on our team. And that was a mistake. It will never happen again. I actually, I'm, I'm coming in here with takes. I think Anthony Richardson is out of the league in a couple years. Oh, wow. What did we say about that? When Jerry said he's targeting Anthony Richardson. I was Like, I don't like him.


You said don't do it. You said don't do it. Yeah. Guys, don't fire me. Please don't. We're not, we're not. I paid for one third of it too. I did. And driveway suffered and it was pricey. It was, it was a hit. But I, I've, yeah. The Colts, the mochi Pitman was bad. Jonathan Taylor, Jonathan Taylor, could you imagine if we had, if you had him on your team, and he rips off that 41 yard run, and at the one yard line drops the ball. And I wanna tell you, I wrote down what he said in his post-game interview. Okay. He wrote, you could be up 50, you could be down 50. It could be a playoff game.


It could be the first season. It, it, it could be the first game of the season. That should just never happen. Th that's, But he, Mr. Taylor, he did have incredible games down the stretch because I, I understand that. And he was out to prove a point after that. But, but, but it's still, I, I want someone to say I'm changing my, after they drop, after they do that at the one yard line and drop a ball, and by the way, lose a game that they should have won. They should say, I need to change. IIII need to change major things in my life. Yeah. Yeah. Something major has to change. That's rock bottom. Yeah. I, something major has to change. Not just like, that just can't happen. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he, I I, this is about you Jerry.


Not about me, but I was in three fantasy leagues. I won two outta three of them. And I had Jonathan Taylor. So again, it's about you, Jonathan Taylor, you you won with, with Him. I mean, his last two weeks of the season, he had insane games in the playoffs. In the fantasy playoffs. Yeah. Whew. It's more about that one yard for you though. Yeah. But that's okay. Yeah. I do agree. Winner loser. How you decide to get there? I would like to see A little bit more. Like that's the, that's the worst thing that I've ever done in my life after that game. Yeah. I would like to, I would like to see somebody say that. Accountability. Yeah. Accountability matters. That's What we care about, especially For us as we're managing standard is the standard.


Yep. Yeah. He, weeks 16 and 17, he had 218 yards and three touchdowns, and then he went 125 yards and two touchdowns. Yeah. Like so Big Cat. If if we're looking at one of our employees and they drop the metaphorical ball at the one yard line, I would like them to say to me, I'm changing everything about my life. Yeah. Yeah. I agree With you, Jerry. He did. I mean, good point, Jerry. He, he literally, he, he dropped the ball and then he scored six touchdowns in the last three weeks. Jerry makes a great point that we would like to hear that. Yeah. Good point. Okay. Titans, do we, do you even do the Titans? Do we don't have To do the Titans. I, I, I'm sorry. I lost my train of thought. Yeah, I'm sorry guys.


I, I dropped The ball. No, it's okay. Keep going. Keep going. I Dropped the ball at the one people dropped the ball At the time. Yeah. Oh man. You know what else reminds we had about the Colts? Oh. Who was the Colts number one tight end. Tell me that Number one tight end. Who, who, who was their leading tight end? I'm Just gonna say Mo Cox for Forever. No, it was someone named Kyle Granson. Kylen Cranson. Mo Cox and their other tight end Drew Ogletree had a total of 400 receiving yards all season long. That's not okay. No. Dallas Clark, Jack Doyle, Colby Fleener, Tammy are rolling over in their retirement chairs.


Jesus. Cio, Cio, The Titans. Oh, I, I do wanna say, I know if we were gonna draft anyone in the A FC South and we're not. 'cause they're dead to us. Pollard's got some gas in the tank. Yeah. I don't, I don't hate Pollard. We, we did draft Pollard on our team. All right. Good Work. Good Job. Okay. And if the Titans do not make that trade, trade spots with the Raiders and take Cam Ward Calvin Ridley becomes a must draft if that druggie Aaron Rogers goes there. Calvin Ridley becomes must draft a must draft if we were drafting a FC South players.


Oh, cam Ward goes to the Titans. Their new general manager Nick Borzi. Not Nick Borzi. Nick. Nick. Nick Borzi. Okay. Nick Borzi is their new general manager. He's the one who scouted Patrick Mahomes. Oh, for the Chiefs. Okay. Okay. So Cam Ward on the Titans watch Out. Best Quarterback of all Time. Watch out Jaguars, I guess. Brian Thomas Jr. Can't, he's pretty good. Can't draft. He can't draft Bigsby or Ian. Do they have a general manager yet? No. No.


That's Gonna tell me about Ian Cunning, who is Ian Cunningham. He is the assistant general manager for the Bears. And I would like for him to go to the Jaguars, 'cause the bears would get two picks in the third round comp compensatory picks. Wow. So you have no, I'd like the picks. You'd like the picks over. I, he seems like a pretty good like guy that's trusted and, you know, but I would like the picks. Alright. Anyway. We're not taking anyone from the a FC south. NFC East. We're in the NFC. Okay, Let's go. It's the Eagles, right? Yeah. Yep. Okay. Birds Max, next season.


If I'm the manager, will I be drafting any Eagles max? Yep. First of all, before I say this, how do we pronounce Godard? Is Goard. Godard. Godard. You were right the first time. Just Goddard. Yep. Yeah, but it's spelled GOED. Yeah. So it's spelled Godard. Pronounced Godard. It pronounced Godard. Yeah. Yeah. Goddard Godard. We're drafting all the Eagles, man. All love every single one of them. And if I am offered a trade for AJ Brown, I'm just gonna fucking click accept trade. That Feels like something we shouldn't telegraph, Man. Smoke. Yeah. We're just, we're putting out some disinformation right now.


Yeah, yeah. For anybody listening in our in that league, You understand why I didn't make that trade, right? I mean, no, no. I don't, I don't Because of the book. Yeah, because you read a book. Yeah. Oh man, man, remember that Max? I just wanna say, I know everyone talks about Goddard, and by the way, I believe, don't quote me on this leading receiver in the playoffs for the Eagles, but you know, when he won me over that triple stiff arm in the Wild Card weekend, man, bow, bow, pow, pow bow. Incredible. He Went back For more. He could have just kept going, but he said he had to slow down to give him just one more punch. Oh, I Gotta give you an another props. Now that we're on the Eagles.


I was staying at a, I don't know if they're a partner of the show. I was staying at a, a Marriott Bonvoy hotel. Okay. Sorry. If No, that's okay. And there was an, I was just sitting in bed and there was like a, a channel and Jason Kelsey had like an infomercial on there. Oh. Because he's a spokesperson. He's not usually on tv. He was great. He was really good. Yeah. Max, I thought he had a really good personality. I watched Talented guy. Yeah, I watched that info. It was like a 20 minute talented infomercial. I was riveted. Yeah. Thought he was good stuff. I mean, he's not playing anymore. Are you sure? It Wasn't just, he has, he has a TV show.


He has a late night show. He does Friday nights. Was it a Friday night? What, what is it on ESPN. SPN. Sorry guys. This is the, the, this is the only sports I get. All my sports. You right. Love that. Love that. Love that. Good point. Good point. Because Mario Lopez is usually the guy that I see on TV when I turn on a TV in a hotel. Do you ever think, like, do you ever see Mario Lopez and be like, man, if my career had just gotten a little better, that could be me. Good question. Good question. No, I, I try to just worry about my own lane. Okay. All right. Yeah, no. Hey, listen.


I mean, I'm, I'm here, Mario. Yeah, you're here. Lopez isn't here. That's true. That's good point. I flew here Coach last night. Middle seat. That's good point. That's a good point. Came here. Did you Raw dog fitness? Did you raw dog it? No, I put on noise canceling headphones. Okay. Yeah. I went to a plan of fitness. I took a shit. I showered. Yep. And I came here. I'm like, yeah. Living the dream. Doesn't Mario Lopez want to be fighting for his chance to manage your fucking fantasy team again next season? Isn't that something that he aspires to do? Why should he just like Mario Lopez probably would be awesome As a fantasy. He's a good looking guy too, isn't he? Yeah. Yeah. Ageless. NFC East the commanders, right? Yeah.


Still on the nfcs. Oh man. I know I've said this before. If scary, Terry gets one more receiver. Maybe Devonta Adams. Maybe Tyler Lockett. Who doesn't wanna be in Seattle anymore? Terry Kill. He would have a Jamar Chay. A Jamar Chase. Like season. Wow. I like that. I think we will get a wide receiver. I think you can, you can bet on that going in next year. If we draft somebody in the first round or if we, we sign somebody in free agency, I think we will have a, a very good number too. That Zach Ertz is so awesome too, man. So good.


Hey, anybody see that video? I didn't hear you guys talk about it. Where? Fletcher Cox Max. You on? Max? Max. Max. I'm here. Fletcher Cox, hugging Zach Ertz. Fletcher. Cox. Cox Hugging Zach Ertz. Man, that was, that was Emo man. Yeah, That was Because it was like, so, because it's Fletcher Cox and he obviously can't pass a line and he's going, Zach, Zach, it's like calling someone from the stands. You know, Zach? Oh man, that was really emotional. Yeah, it was cool that, that moment. I really like that ER's not retired. He wants to make that very clear. He shouldn't. Yep. He was awesome, man. God, I love a Washington tight end as well. Cooley, Verna Davis. Logan Thomas.


Love him. Yeah. Maybe they draft that Matthew Golden guy that we talked about earlier. That Texas guy or Savvy and Williams t right. College football expert. Yeah. Ohio State. Let's Help Jayden out a little bit. Everybody. Jayden and Terry. Oh, the Cowboys. Okay. This is interesting. I guess Dak is staying there because Coach Schottenheimer is now the head coach. Right? So I guess all those rumors about other people coming in and other head coaches and all that stuff is not happening. I Don't think he really can move Z Dak. I think he probably has a, well, he could No trade clause, right? Ooh, what Would it, you could trade him.


Be Titans. Would he be a better Quarterback? His name was Zach. Zach Prescott. Mm. Yeah. Thought starter. Yeah. Zach Prescott for sure. Zach Prescott would be a pretty good quarterback. But yeah, I think Dak has the no trades, so I don't, he does. I don't know that he would leave. Alright. So he's staying there. I, I gotta tell you, that makes me not wanna be a part of the Cowboys. Yeah. I I, and by the way, you know, Jerry Jones is gonna Jerry Jones, you know, t Higgins is probably going there. Stefan Diggs. He's gonna get Aaron Jones over there. Water is wet. The Dallas Cowboys are gonna go six and 11. It's just, it's gonna happen. I don't care who is over there.


It's we'll draft Brandon, Aubrey. He seems to be, yeah. Very good. Whole offense. Alright, see? Yeah. Yeah. Guys are Good job. The best kicker of all time. Yeah. Good kicker from Jerry O'Connell. Oh, Okay. Let's get to the Giants. Still NFC East. Right? I think the Giants have the most intriguing off season of any team in the NFL. Now, Do you have a, a bias against the Giants, Jerry? I don't mind the Giants. I don't Because Earlier, I think you called them the New York shit bag Giants. Well, they Had a terrible season. They were unwatchable and it's been that way for a couple of years. They have the third pick, right? Yeah. Okay. I said earlier they've, they've gotta take Travis Hunter.


There's some rumors that they might take Alabama quarterback. No, No. They'll be crazy high now. Okay. It's been on some, it's been on some mock drafts. Yeah. People will talk about it. Okay. They get Travis Hunter, Sam Darn comes over to the Giants. He's got Travis Hunter Malik. And that quarter that running back Tracy Max, they're winning the NFC East next. Wow. I don't know about that. Wow. That's a hell of a take. Whoa. Maxie. You, you, you hear those bells?


Bing bong. Yeah. You hear footsteps. Maxie. Sam Darn comes there. Travis Hunter, Malik, Tracy. They're winning the NFC East. It's Always a different team every year. But they better not take that Jalen mill row. I've seen some, I've seen some mock drafts with 'em up there. Let's go to the NFC West. The Seahawks, right? Yep. Yeah. That's good. Oh God. Alright. To prepare for this, I listened to about 20 fucking hours of locked on Seahawks. Kill me now. 'cause I really didn't know what was going on with them.


And I'll tell you, if we even think about drafting anyone there, it's because they went 10 and seven last year. And I want to tell you the only reason why that team went 10 and seven is because Mike McDonald is a really good coach. Alright. After my 19th hour of locked on Seahawks, it seems like Tyler Locket is leaving. Which leaves? Jackson Smith Najiba. I said that correctly, right? You did. That was a little scary one to say. Yeah. Jackson Smith Najiba. Yeah. Max. If I memes, if I said anything, just beat me out. Okay. I'm really toing the line there.


Jackson Smith Najiba. Yep. Say it three times Fast. No way, man. No way. You're no way. You're not gonna Michelle Beatle me here. No way. No way. JSN How about just Jsn Jn Jn jsn jsn. No way, man. No way. Max, have your finger on the button. Okay. He's really intriguing. If Tyler Lockett leaves. Okay. But you gotta be careful. He only scored six touchdowns this season. And we need touchdowns If I'm gonna be your fantasy manager and if we're gonna win also Gino Stan. What do you Mean if we said we said that you were. Yeah. Oh, It's, you're not getting fired.


You just might have a boss. The Cardinals Kyler. I, I, I still love him. He's great. If he's around, we're gonna draft him. Trey McBride is awesome. Michael Wilson was a real bummer. Thought he was gonna do a little better. Yeah. Harrison just needs to step it up. Or he needs help or something. I don't know what's happening there. Yeah. We're, We're a pro Marvin Harrison podcast, just for the record in ca in case he happens to listen. Big fans. Yeah. Senior and junior, Of course. Yeah. Both of 'em. Yeah. Love him. Great family. He had a mediocre fantasy season though. Yeah, But it was good.


He's he's great. I'm just saying if he's Marvin Harrison, all the Marvin Harrison O'Connell talking right now are Awesome. He Lives in California. Not in Chicago. Marvin Harrison. But I'm your fantasy manager. Yeah. Yeah. And I wanna Sayre trying, if he's there And we have a choice of another receiver, we're probably going of, of equal sort of standing. Great. But We're trying to protect you. But if it's gonna be you or us, it's, this is you saying that Jerry O Well, we're team sound, mind and body. We, We are a team. He's consenting to anything Marvin Harrison Sr. Wants to do. Yep. We are, we are one. We are a team. Right. So if someone's here in Chicago and I'm not here, they can come see you. No, No, no, no.


They can go to Town and you represent our team. No, No. Nope. Would you take a bullet for us? You probably let me, wouldn't you? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We'd throw you in front of it. Let's go to the Rams. Not Mario Though, Man. He looks so good. That guy. What does he do? Jerry? Are you gonna get into any superhero movies? No. Shit. You should try to do that. You should try to Move. I'm the voice of career Superman. I'm the voice of Superman in the animated Superman movies. A few of them. Okay. You can look it up. DC animation. Okay. But as a career move, maybe talk to your agent. Tell him Jerry's going to Marvel.


Yeah. I mean, I, I've said that often. But it doesn't automatically mean that you're in those movies. Well, let Push a little harder. I, I know, but I, you can want something all you want. It doesn't mean it's gonna happen, you know? Yeah. It's Kinda like us in a fantasy championship. Speak it into existence.


We'll get back to Jerry O'Connell in a second. He is brought to you by Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza. There's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving. I'm now like, I think three months removed from my last ordering snafu where I send it to the wrong location. Hell yes. Three month hot streak. Hang the banner. You wanna know why? 'cause I've been using Uber Eats and they tell me Uhoh looks like that's not where you're actually at. It's been perfect. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL and Beyond the Lookout. They got two for one pizzas, buy one get one wings. They got deals that are dropping every week. Brand new deals, all season, long terms and conditions apply. See the app for details. Order now for game day.


JOC is also brought to you by Reese's Cups. Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. The Goat, the Goat Candy. And they've done it again. Chocolate lava Big Cup. Reese's Chocolate lava. Big Cup is so delicious. Reese's Peanut butter cups are the perfect combo of chocolate and peanut butter. We know that, but they may be even more perfect now because they have a layer of ooey, gooey, delicious chocolate lava. You can buy Reese's Cups basically anywhere. Reese's Peanut butter cups will be featured in the big game. And they'll be sponsoring our week in New Orleans. It's Lava Time baby. Try Reese's New Delicious Chocolate Lava Big Cup. You won't regret it. That's got a PFT guarantee on it. Stamp it.


And now here's more. Jerry O'Connell, The Rams, we're taking all of them that receiving court, that Puka Cup. And I gotta tell you, Robinson Robinson had two, two TD games. Shit. Say that again, Robinson. I won't say Jackson Smith the jig fast. But I will say two. Two TD games. Two, two TD games last season, weeks eight and nine. Man Robinson, he may be suspended a little bit. He did have a DWI. But man, that receiving core is awesome. You know, I know I told you I listened to 20 hours of Lockdown Seahawks to do research for this. I also, I wanted to see where Matthew Stafford was and I couldn't really find out any information.


So I listened to about five episodes of Kelly Stafford's timeout podcast. Okay. You got any, any Kelly Stafford as a podcast? Kelly Matthew Stafford's wife. It's actually an interesting podcast. It's sort of a, it's from the point of view of is, is wag a offensive term? Yeah, you say it. Yeah. It's not offensive. No, No. Wives and girlfriends. Right. Wags of football players. So it's sort of interesting. But I think the sixth episode I was on, Kelly got to talking about next season with her husband. And Kelly Stafford said this was exclusively on the Timeout podcast.


You don't mind if I mention other? No, go for it. That Matthew Stafford texted her, let's talk about next season. Oh. So there it sounds like he's coming back and Kelly is preparing herself for him to come back. Okay. 'cause I think Yeah, you would say, let's talk if it was he's walking away. Yeah. But since he brought in next season. Yeah. Let's, let's talk About it's talk about, yeah. Yeah. So that means that next season exists. Yeah. Okay. Interesting. Brady Didn't send that text, did he? No. No. He just did it. Yeah, he did. Yeah, He did. And that's, I mean, maybe he should have sent that text. Yeah. Yeah.


You know, I do wanna say, I did have a revelation in my seventh hour of time out with Kelly. Kelly Stafford. You gotta admit, I do work for you guys. So like, You put in the effort. Effort is Important. It can take you so far. Results are also important. But it also takes you so far. But I was thinking as your sort of fantasy expert here, I'm part of my take. Some people say to me after they yell like Bing Bong or stuff like that, or yell like Maxi. They say like, Hey, when are you getting a podcast? And you know, I was like, yeah. Like when am I getting a podcast?


And then when I told you I was in the seventh hour of, of Kelly Stafford's timeout. Oh. It's like, you know what guys? I think, I think we've reached the end of the earth. I think we've, I think there's all the pocket. I think that's, yeah. We've hit 'em all. You Know what'd be interesting though, is like if there was a, A Wags podcast, but for the wives and girlfriends of fantasy managers. Mm. And if there's anybody out there that is maybe like a wife of a guy that spends a lot of time on fantasy and he's annoying and you wanna start a podcast, I think Barstool Sports would probably be interested in producing that. Yeah. Yeah. I might have some money we would be in for that. Yeah. Hypothetically. Bet you guys would like that. Yeah. Like, I'm gonna follow me.


But yeah, just think we've picked critical mass with podcasts. You know, I just think it's over. Yep. Yeah. BFFs, that's all about chicken fries, NDAs, armchair talks about everybody's sober. It's good, it's healthy. Smartless actors talking, laughing at each other. I mean, Rogan's got the Ivermectin. What would my lane, I don't even know what my lane would be. No, I don't. Yeah. Pot saves America. Is Biden's all good? I mean, what? Well, I don't even know what my lane would be. Yeah, I think that's it. Alright. 49 ERs.


Man, how funny that we dodged that Christian McCaffrey bullet. Yeah. Where those, we could've, we could've, like I almost had the first, oh gosh. We could've not won the Championship. That would, yeah. Oh, but you know what? Disaster. I got a problem with the Niners. And you know what, John Lynch obviously graded his job. They've been to two Super Bowls, graded his job. What's gonna happen with Brock Purdy? I don't know. Probably pay him money. I understand that. But is John Lynch gonna John Lynch and not, is he not gonna show up to camp? Like remember the whole I, 'cause I think that whole Brandon IU thing tanked their season. Set him on a bad path. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What happens there? I don't Know. Yeah, it's a, it is a interesting question because you would, you would think that he would want to be paid like more than Dak Prescott.


And Dak Prescott is the highest paid player in the league. But then now you've got all that cap committed to Brock. Your team's already making, you've got a lot of questions about who you keep around. And also you kind of owe Brock Purdy because nobody talks about Trey Lance because of Brock Pur and all of the, all the picks you gave up to move up. Yeah. To get Trey. Yeah. It's funny, I didn't even think about that. Look, I'm always just pay the players. You end up paying them anyway, so why keep 'em out? But John Lynch plays Hardball does also. So we're, so we're gonna stay away from the nine Rs. Also, I gotta say, I don't know if it's like my age range, but like, it makes me think of the early eighties and I get like, the colors, it gets kind of depressed.


Like I think of, of like cigarettes and earthquakes and just like, I don't know, they kind of depress me. It's always an afternoon game. Alright. NFC, north Lions, all of them. The fact that Jameson Williams went so off weeks 16 and 17, it just opens up that entire offense. Just all of them. All of them. Every single one of them. I do think Coach Campbell should have not played any starters in week 17. Hmm. I thought that was a big mistake. I thought it was a big mistake. I, I think it's why they're not playing in the Super Bowl. You know, it was so funny. I was thinking when Saquon watched Shipley score a touchdown on Sunday to see how pumped he got Max.


Are, are you still on Max? I'm here. I'm here. I'm here to see how pumped he got. Jerry's like Max's dog. He gets separation and anxiety. He's like Max, max, max. He can also, I'm Right here. You can, you can see me. Oh yeah. It's cute though. You get afraid that Max left it. I think it would've pumped the whole team up. And I, I think they would've performed better against in the postseason. You know, I think it has a lot to do. I'm not kidding. And this is, this is part of my take. I gotta have a take. Yep. I think a lot of it has to do with Copenhagen. I don't know if anyone has ever, I know we have like fans Zen out there and stuff. Lucy.


Lucy. Yeah. Lucy. Apologies. That's okay. Lemme, do you want one? No, no, no. Let me, lemme try that again. I think you should have one. No, no, no. Thank you. Thank you. I, I'm off the Nick, you you want a lip pillow? I know. We're all fans of Lucy here. Yep. Do it again. 3, 2, 1. Like, you know, Mario is like a super professional. He does. Yeah. No, he wouldn't takes, he goes like this. He goes, well he wouldn't fuck that up. 3, 2, 1. I know we're all fans of Lucy here. And I gotta say, because Coach Campbell is a Copenhagen guy. I think that's been established in hard knocks, right? Yeah. And if you don't know if you ever dipped Copenhagen is like, it's the main line of chewing tobacco.


It's not like Strands. It's not like long. It's like fine bits that go right to, I mean, your mainlining nicotine. Yeah. It's almost like drinking like dark black stella blue coffee and throwing in a Lucy. That's good. That was good. Good job. But I think because he's a Copenhagen guy, I think he's like, we're gonna keep going. We're gonna keep going. We're gonna keep going. No rest. All gas, no breaks, all gas, no breaks. And it, you don't have a natural sense of like, take a, Hey fellas, let's take a break for a week. Yeah. Take a beat. Yeah. So I think that all gas no breaks doesn't work.


Vikings. What's gonna happen there is jj. Is JJ McCarthy gonna be in good? I I think he's gonna be good. I think Kevin O'Connell will make sure he is good. Okay. Alright. I just, I just don't know. I I mean we will wait till the preseason. Oh, Kirk Cousins maybe going there, going back? Mm. I don't think so. I think be JJ McCarthy maybe. I don't know what to do with Sam. Tar Packers. Oh, Big Cat. This is gonna excite you. The receivers suck so Bad. Yeah. Well is it the receivers or is it Jordan Love? I think it's the receivers. Mm. I think it's the receivers.


It could be both. I I, I don't think Jaden Reed and Christian Watson are doing it. I mean, craft is good. You know, I, I, we're just staying away. The Bears Big Cat. You Ready? Yeah. None of them. Are you ready? Yeah. How do you feel? Like do, when you, when you're about to hear my, my take on on your team? I think you gonna say none of them. So anything over none of them is a success. You six outta 10. Six outta 10 excited. Well, It's so funny, I did a couple drafts of this. 'cause the NFL is ever changing, especially these days with like hirings and everything. We were going to say none of them. Yeah. That they were poison that They, I expected that they Infected your team, Mr. Smith. Yeah. They were the monkeypox of, they're the human papilloma virus of fantasy.


These Are all fair. But now that your coach is Ben Johnson. Yeah, all of them. Oh, every single One. He fixed everything turned Around quick. Roma Dunay. He's The antidote is Going to be Jameson Williams 2.0. He's going to have two. He's gonna have a rushing and passing and he's gonna have three touchdowns a game. Okay. Holy shit. Let's talk about drafts. The person who should have won the Heisman Ashton Genti. Is he gonna, oh, Travis Hunter had a pretty good season. I don't know if you could do, should have Travis Hunter won the Heisman. Is this what, what is this show called?


Pardon My Take. I'm gonna have a take. Okay. Okay. Richardson. Better Than shoulda won the, Okay. Is he gonna be a bear? Possibly If he is a bear. Can you imagine all The things that I've said about him and having to interview him? Yeah. I've imagined. Can you imagine what Coach Johnson is gonna do with Ashton Jenkin? Yeah. He's gonna he's gonna get freaky with it. What happened with Deandre Swift? This, this season? It was the offensive line, but also he's, he's not very good I don't think. I think there's A, there's a big difference between running behind the Bears offensive line and running behind the Eagles offensive line. I think that's what that showed us. Yeah.


Maxie. NFC South Falcons. Okay. I have a question for you guys. If, by the way, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say it right now. I won't work with someone else as your fantasy manager. I, I have to set, I have to set. Oh, He's trying to flip it on Us. I have to set boundaries. Okay. I won't, I won't work with someone else. Alright. It's just the Three of us. That makes our decision a lot easier. Do, Do not get along well with others. I just, I don't wanna be stuck with brick. Isn't that Woody Johnson's case? Yeah. You sticking with I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. I think think if it's, I think if it's brick, you should have to accept that it's brick or no, If we get brick to do the Yeah. Hot flash. Oh, he's taking off.


Do you still have that weird tuft of hair in your back? It's getting hot in here. Yeah. I just had a hot flash. You guys are making me go through menopause. I won't do it. I won't work with someone else. It's the three of us. Or We'll take that into Consideration. Or you don't get me. Go call fucking Mario Lopez. Go call the guys from Smartlist. They have a podcast. I feel like Lopez would be pretty damn good as a fantasy manager. Go call Kelly Stafford. Go call my wife. Have them all we want to. She doesn't follow us. NFC South. Oh, here's a question for you guys. Yeah. I should probably start to wrap this up, right?


This is going No, that's okay. Okay, let's start with the Atlanta Falcons. If a quarterback week 18 against the Panthers goes off, I'm talking two passing touchdowns. One rushing touchdown goes off. Looks amazing. Are we drafting him in the 2025 season? Talking about Michael. Michael Pennix. Pennix. I thought he looked pretty good. I would maybe hold off maybe a late round backup guy. He's not your fantasy starter. Okay. Okay. What'd you see from him? Just that, see, here's the thing. It was week 18. It's like the last taste in your mouth.


So you're like, oh, this guy. Yeah. I'm targeting him. No one else is watching this game. I don't think We should base our projections on week 18. Yeah. Is week 18 That's a pretty important fantasy week, right? Yeah. Kyle Pitts is never gonna happen fast. I like that. That's the best point that you've made. Yeah. Starting to come around. Yeah. That's growth Bucks man. Steven Cha is gonna get so excited right now. His getting some blood flow. All of them. Every single thought. Oh, I like that. Baker Evans. Chris Godwin before he got injured was like just having a record breaking season.


Bucky Irving Cade, all of them. Oh, they have an offensive Do they have an offensive coordinator yet? I Think they're working on That right now. They're working on it. Yeah. Is it that, that, that grant guy from Minnesota they're Working on, they're basically calling anyone who's talked to Kevin O'Connell or, 'cause if it's that Minnesota assistant, right? Yeah. The Bucks are must drafts all of them. I like That. They're about to have a lot of fun. Oh yeah. It might be that Marcus Brady guy too, who was the passing coach at the Chargers. Whoever it is, they're gonna have fun. All of them. Saints. None of them.


Could you imagine a world where Alvin cm is actually on like a team? Yeah. It'd be nice. I, I mean, what's, what's his contract situation? Why is he there? I Think they just didn't they give him two year extension? It's just not happening. What Do you think about Spencer Rattler? I, I, no. No. Okay. Alright. Good. That good answer. Panthers wrapping this up, guys. Can you believe Adam Thilan is still doing it? Yeah, they still do that. He's out there doing it. Oh. Oh gosh. I know this has been a bad pronunciation. Chua Hubbard, right? Yeah. Not, yeah. No. It's Chua. Yeah.


Chua. Yeah. Chua Hubbard. Not Chua Hubbard. Chua Hubbard. Chua Hubbard is a must draft. He just, he's next season. If I'm still your manager not working with anyone else. I, I know in the past I've said we're old school. We gotta get some running backs in the first, like three rounds. We're gonna wait till rounds four, five, and six to get our running backs and Okay. UBA falls right into that. Okay. And my final take, I think Bryce Young is gonna have a really good year Next. Okay. I like that. So That's it guys.


Yeah. So, so we're like Jerry Jones and Mike McCarthy. We, we we're gonna need some time, but you, you're not allowed to interview anywhere. I'm gonna Jacksonville this weekend. Yeah, but it's a personal thing. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna block all interviews, but we're gonna need some time to, to figure this out. By the Way, guys, I loved your take on that Jaguars hiring and saying like, Hey man, anything goes. Yeah, there's The NFL. There's, there are no friends, you Know? Yeah. Yeah. Weird guy though. Yeah. Alright. So I have one last question for you, Jerry. Oh, Hold on a second. Yeah. Well, no, my last question might be No, no. What you're do Hold on a just Hold on One second.


Okay. All you, all right, hold on. On, hang on. Okay, I'll hold on. And you know, I gotta tell you, I don't think you're seeing much leadership from me and I wanna show you some Yeah. You're trying to strong arm leadership skills. I like that. I like that.


So what I have here is a Rollback poem. Oh, okay. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies jogger shorts Rollback dot com. Promo code take go right now. Rollback dot com promo code. Take Love that. What is a qip Quarter Zip? Ah, quarter zip. The Hesi hoodie is incredible. The new Rollback Hesi hoodie. Okay. Alright.


This is the Rollback poem. This is a poem for memes. Mm. Memes. You There I am here. Memey Memey. Memey been a long time coming that memes got his own poem. Memey Memey. Memey. But it's tough to compete with that TV setup you've got at home. He's got three TVs, memes, he, memes, he memey. Yes. All those TVs and stimulation could put people into sports media. Comas means he means, he means he. But we can say for certain, max won't be watching any college football with Tiffany Gomez.


Mm. He blew. It means he means he means he. Yes. The man has three TVs. His sports coverage one could not strengthen Means he means he means he. But maybe on one of those TVs, max could watch his favorite show. The Penguin. Oh, he loves that show Means he means hem. He, yes. Your shenanigans with Maxie are always such a hoot. Means hemes. Hemes. He, you're always a good friend to him. Making sure his toes stay warm in his walking boot. Tootsies get cold memes. He memey. Memey. We love hearing your electric voice. Never do you ever sound gassed Memes. He memes. He memes. He always bringing the energy for this National sports podcast. Memes. He memes. He memes. He such an essential part of the show.


You truly are the cando man. Memes. He memes he memey. Always staying ready in case this sweatshop hits you with that poor performance improvement plan. Pippa, fuck these guys. Memey, memey, memey. Yes. You're one of the greats like Mattingly O'Neill and Matt Suey. Memey, memey, memey. And you've lasted here way longer than our old friend Huey. Nothing, huh? No explanation means he means, he means he. Speaking of things on PMT that we abruptly bid a due to. Means he means he means he. Whatever happened to that song. Electric Avenue. Nothing. Guys. No explanation. You're not gonna say anything, huh? Nothing. Just, just ignore.


It means he means he means he. We kid the staff here. We don't wanna be a total hater. Memes. He memey, memey. We also don't wanna set off alarms like you threatening to strap a bob to your chest and go full Al-Qaeda. You can't do that. Memes. You can't do that. It's not a joke. Memes, hemes. He memey You are PMT. Secret weapon. You're the glue. You're the special sauce. Memes. He memes, he memey. And if you play your cards right soon, you can play golf all summer long and call yourself the boss. Thank Memey. Memey Memey. Yes. It'd be fun to call all the shots from the comfort of golf carts. Memey memey. Memey. More fun than watching someone for a whole weekend. Just throw fucking darts. Cool content bro.


Memes. He memey. Memey. Yes. We love to hear you. And Maxie in the booth with all the back and forth. Needlings memes. He memes, he memey. Like what to do with Max and pf T's hair, but careful around P fts. Brand new seedlings. They're expensive memes. Hemes, he memes. Memey, memey, memey. For so much of this show, it is you that we have to thank Memey, memey, memey. Even if you're continually threatening to physically fight Max and Hank memes, he memey memey to the man of many talents and those talents you love to lend memes, hem hem. He perhaps that anger would abate with the presence of a girlfriend. Mm. Hope she likes TVs m Hemes. He memey. We all know you are capable of showing affection toward a special girl with a sense of humor.


And perhaps long luscious hair means hemes. He mey that has been evident in the love and care you have shown Mr. Pear. Mm. You love that. Turtle means hemes hemes. He, you take such good care of Mr. Pear and all the pets that we nter And we spay, mem hemes. He memey. But if you start dating that young lady, chicken fried, don't ask her to sign an NDA. Don't do it. She doesn't like those. Mey mey me. We love hearing your optimism regarding the Jets, even in the season filled with strife, Mey, mey, mey. And I wanna thank you for being the only one here who hasn't talked about jerking off to my wife here, guys.


So, Mey, memey, memey, we love you. Your wi and your delivery. That is oh, so very dry me hem. He memey you will always be Pardon? My takes number one turtle guy. Mm. Yeah. Love it. That's great, Jerry. That Was a beautiful foam. You're the best, Jerry. You're the Best. Me and Big Cat need to have some discussions offline. Yeah. So put a pin in it. We'll circle back. You've given us a lot to think about. Yeah. And I, you know, I'll, I'll say this, no matter which way we go in terms of the fantasy team, I hope you feel the same way. That we've enjoyed our time together.


And I, I look back at it and think of nothing but positives. Tell me to grab my playbook and go see Coach. No, no, No, no, no, no, no. But I just want you to know that there's no hard feelings when it comes to fantasy football Business. I gotta thank my friends Richard and Ryan, who helped me write that poem. They're huge. Awls, the Sony exec. Don't, don't say where it works. Please, please, please Shout out Richard And Ryan. We're we're big fans. I love you guys. Whatever you guys decide to do, I'll be okay with, you know, maybe, maybe BFFs has a fantasy team that they want me to Yeah. Yeah. Not win a championship with Podcast. Podcast is happening. We're results. We're results. Alright, love you, Jerry.


You're the best. Third place. Come on.


JOC was brought to you by Gametime. The big game is here. There's no better time to get out to some games with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know that we love Gametime now with a brand new Gametime Picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game, including the big game Max. You're gonna be going to the big game. Yep. Using Gametime Congrat. Max. Max. Shout out Gametime. I love Gametime. Can't wait to be in New Orleans. It's gonna be like the best week of your life. It Could be. It's gonna be incredible. It could be. I'm very happy for you. And if you're looking to get into the game, into the big game, you use Gametime and use their Gametime Picks feature. They're gonna filter out all the fluff and only show you incredible deals on great seats. So you don't waste your time searching through thousands of tickets that you don't wanna buy. Hank, you're looking at tickets for the big game, right? I am. I'm looking at 'em right now. What Are we looking at with the Gametime Picks feature right Now? I mean, it's still early, but right now I'm looking at the cheapest seats you can get in for around 4,200 bucks. Okay, well it is the big game, the biggest game. And guess what though, Hank? That's not the right price. 'cause I'm gonna knock an additional 20 bucks off there. Nice. All you have to do is you download the Gametime app, you create your account. You just code PMT and you get 20 bucks off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account, redeem code PMT for 20 bucks off. Download the Gametime app today and get to the big game. What time is it? Gametime? Who? Who?


And guys on Chicks is brought to you by a rocks on. Let's talk about the elephant in the room right now. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and older experience ed, which means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it. That's why I want to tell you about this new ed treatment gel. It's called a roxon. It's the first ED treatment gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter. And while it may not work for everyone, studies showed success in over 60% of men. The best part is no prescriptions, no online questionnaires needed. Get it right over the counter. Why wait. Try Aroc On today available in stores and online. Visit oxon us to learn more E-R-O-X-O-N, dot us and learn more.


Okay, let's wrap up the show guys on Chicks with A Wrinkle, guys on chicks about getting old because this is the last episode you'll be listening to with us in our thirties. Yeah, It's basically been, this show has been basically the entire decade of our thirties. I've Been, I've been worried about turning 40 since I turned 30. And then I was so worried when I turned 39 that I feel like now I'm not, I've, I'm already there. I, I'm in a I, I definitely like starting to feel it just like physically, I think I have plantar fasciitis, which sucks. Didn't even know my heel just hurts. This is all self-diagnosed. I'm not gonna see a doctor.


I think I'm just gonna get a shit load. More tattoos. Yeah. I think that's just kind of how I'm gonna deal with this. I'm not gonna, I don't really have any other outs. I was actually getting a little sentimental last night 'cause I realized I've known you a little bit longer, but I met PFT for a birthday party for his 30th birthday. Yeah. For our That's true. When We were so 10 years. Yeah. On the dot. Yeah. Is crazy. Pounded Mad Dogs Now we're drinking Beloit. We've Said it on the show before. I have. I know I have. And obviously I'm 30 now. But I do remember, like Big Cat was going crazy hard for his 30th birthday and I was like, damn, he's 30. He's still got it. Like he's old. Don't got it anymore. And now I'm older than that. Yeah. Also very funny because Sounds like 21 The first time Dave and PFT met, I think my words, I think I said, I was like, this is PFT.


He's super talented. Like he does the misspellings and, and like he's joking how you do misspellings and stuff, but you're serious. He's joking. And Dave was just like, what? I don't get it. I don't get it. We gotta do it for 50 now too. What do you mean? Well, I'm saying now it's like 10 every 10 years. Wait, But what, what are we doing for 40 case race? Oh yeah. Case race. Shit. I've been, I've been pre, we're Taping this right before the case race. I've Pre hungover for the case race since Monday. Oh, me too. Ice. The Anxiety going into it. I get real bad anxiety when I'm hungover. Very, very bad. Yeah. Crippling now. I used to be able to, yeah. Until I was 34. Wake up the next day, feel okay. Now it's like I have that hangover anxiety, but I had it on Monday for getting drunk on Tuesday night.


I'm just happy the whole, the whole squad's in it. So Max, Hank, PFT myself, you can watch the Yak case race on Friday. It'll be out. But we're taping it after we do this. And yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm miserable already about just thinking about it. Although I did find out I have a steam shower, been living in my house for a year and a half. Just figured this out. That's pretty cool. Pretty cool. So I'm gonna steam it up tomorrow morning. I'm gonna hit the sauna. Yeah, it's gonna be great. I Like, I pressed the buttons. It's like, does this do anything? And then steam just started coming outta my shower. I Got a question for you guys. This is the richest shit Ever. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Just like I have this sick feature of my, in my house I didn't Even know about. I didn't know for a year and a half.


I got a glory on myself. I got, I got a worse one. But when I moved into my house, I, my wife was like, do you, do you like our house? Like any complaints, like, I wish there was another bathroom on the first floor. And she's like, two's not enough. And I was like, where's the second? She's like, you idiot. I, When I moved in, I was like, yeah, what's, what's this hole in my wall in the shower for? I just found out last week. You can come through. It's pretty good. I got a question for the young kids. Young kids on the show. So the booth, not you, Hank, you're old. What is over the hill is over the hill? 40 or is it 50 or is it 30 now that the internet, like everybody online is under the age of 20.


I thought I was about to go over the hill. 30 was energy shifts. 30 was like, I'm old now. It's, it's impossible to even, you know, go through the motions as I did. 'cause I've, you know, been going through what feels like the same motion since I was, you know, 18, 19. Once you hit 30, it's like, I, I should be doing something else. Like I'm over the hill. Yeah. But I, I remember when I, I don't, but when I was growing up, I felt like I should, I think 40 was over the hill and then it's golf. I thought 50 might've been over the hill, but I think now 40 at least maybe 30, I think. 'cause I've thought about this way too much and it's probably bad. You having kids change things though? Yeah. Oh yeah. For sure. I'm like actually providing and, and I have three things that are gonna be my future.


So it definitely changes my perspective. But the, I've been thinking about it because I, I obviously get in my own head where I'm like, you know, someday people are just gonna stop listening to us. But I love doing the show. I wanna do it forever. I think what I've come to grips with is PFT. You can follow me here. I think for the next, I think we still got it for about four or five years then I think it's gonna be a tough couple years where people just shit on us. And then I think in our late forties, we're gonna get funny again by saying stupid shit and forgetting it. And people are like, but man, they're so funny because they're so old and dumb. We're gonna speed run the lead horse or Yeah. Right, right.


I think that will be our late forties. And also I get in my own head, like, we obviously have listeners of all ages and I appreciate all of 'em. But it, it is crazy to think about like, we've been doing this for so long, like people have just gotten older with us. I think One thing that we forget sometimes is when we started doing the show, it wasn't just people that were younger than us that listen. Yeah. Right. There's a lot of people that are older than us. Listen, but they also all, like, if you were 25 when you started listening to this, you're 34 now. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like that's, that's a little comforting. Like, people have grown up with us. I just Like the idea of a 70-year-old out there when we turned 45 listening and be like, these guys are so out of touch. Yeah. I still feel young. I just, 40 is definitely, it's more the fact that I don't think I'm going to live much past 70, 75, so I'm past halfway.


Mm. That's I guess what over, that's what's fucking, that's what over the hill means. That's What's fucking me up. Yeah. Where it's like I do the math and I'm like, oh, I'm on the, I'm on the 11th toll Shit. Can somebody, That's where, that's where I'm getting a little fucked Up. Can someone explain to me, gimme something to look for. What sort, what are some things that you get better at after you turn 40? I Think, I think the number one thing is giving less of a fuck. That's the number one thing with age that is so much better. Where it's like, I don't start dressing better, but it's like, I don't care. Yeah. I got kids. I got a i good life. I don't give a fuck playing. Bingo. Okay. That's a good one. Thanks Max. We're gonna get young. Wait, what'd you say? Memes. Don't you guys have to get your finger up your ass now?


Yeah. Memes Actually like, is rooting for us to die. I, it's, it's crazy. No, I Think he Is. I think that yeah, the prostate check. Yeah. I think they got technology though now where they can just do like a laser Stick a laser up Your ass, I think. No, I think they just shoot a laser at your body and they're like, you're good or you're bad. I also think I'm Old school That the nine is worse than the actual like turning 29. Turning 39. Yes. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Than the actual Well if it's anything like turning 30, turning 30, I was scared about. And then as soon as I was, I was 30 or 31, I was like, I'm young again. 'cause everyone is is in their late thirties and I'm in my ear early thirties Since I've turned 30 or since I've turned 29, I've just been like, oh, I'm 30.


Yeah. Yeah. But like once I was 28 I was like, oh yeah, I'm in my twenties. But then once you turn 29 it's like, oh yeah, I'm in my thirties. And then once you actually turn 30, it's like, oh yeah, I've been in this mindset for a year. Yep. Yeah. Yep. It hits and you're like, it's exactly the same. But we're gonna, yeah. I think we're gonna, I think it's gonna suck for like a week and then we're like, you know what? Fuck it. And also you can, you can just be like, I can't go out. I I'm not going out tonight. I'm not getting drunk. I'm, I'm 40, I'm old. Yeah. I still feel like I'm like, we're gonna get a young, we're gonna need a young buck. I was thinking maybe I, I know I said 16 or 17 on Sunday show. I'm thinking more like 13.


Adopt A child, Let's break some laws. Let's adopt a child from Some, I want some 13-year-old takes. All right. Is being a football fan better when you get older or was it better when you were younger? Obviously you have gambling now, but you had so much time to potentially win a Super Bowl as a kid. Is the your team winning a Super Bowl window? The male equivalent of a woman going through menopause or her eggs drying up. Help me out here. I just turned 27. I think seven's the perfect age, by the way. Yeah. I think We talked about this once before. 27 Is the best Age. If you're a kid, if you're like 10 years old, winning titles, it's like that's the center. That's all you care about. Like Hank were saying that when you were a kid, all you cared about was baseball. Right. That's gotta be sweet. If you're a kid, if you're like in your twenties, you can party, you can celebrate, you can like quit your job essentially.


If your team wins a Super Bowl because you're like, I'd kind of like to just get drunk for a month and celebrate in your thirties. I don't think it would be as fun. I Think the kids thing then comes back in. Yeah. Where like if you can, if you have kids and you can share it with them, that's cool too. As Someone who won a dynasty as a kid and a dynasty, as an adult, I would such a piece of shit. I would have to say the adult one was, was More fun. You were on Joe Missoula's duck boat. Yeah. Well no, I'm just talking strictly Dynasty. Yeah, I know. That was pretty cool. You've got two Dyna, you're in different dynasty era. Yeah. When I was best 12 when Friends of Joe, miss I came about was baseball. The Red Sox had the greatest comeback in in I gotta history. You Gotta win a Super Bowl this year. I was fun too. You Gotta win a Super Bowl year. It's tough. It's a tough question. I I also think that if you're like 95 then it becomes great again and you team Win.


Well it seems like a news story on you. Yeah. And then, then you cry. Yeah. Max, you gotta win a Super Bowl This year, year high school senior end of end of senior year. Bruins won a Stanley Cup. Unforgettable. Love the Bruins Max. What's gonna change about you if you win a Super Bowl This year, you're not winning a Super Bowl. I'll be a winner. Yeah. Like, are you gonna ch like we won't be able to to make fun of you the same way. I know. It'll be great. It'll be awesome. It'll be the best. Oh, but it's not gonna happen. God, it's it's just, it, it it, it's just the same. I'm, so I just wanna flash forward to Sunday. If I get another, I can't get another second place. Are You gonna let Hank just dump on you like this? He's a Hank's. The, the future on the birds. He's a Bird guy. I know. It's, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a donation.


It's a one and a half point spread. That's what I just keep telling myself. Then cash Out Hank, it's A one and a half point spread. It feels like So much more on the, no, fuck that. Okay. I want the birds, but I just know, like, I just know Max, I know you've daydreamed about what's gonna happen after the Super Bowl if you win and how happy you're gonna be. Have you, have you thought about the place you would be at if you lose? Yeah, I'm very familiar with that place. That's the thing. It's not like it's gonna be some something that I can't imagine. I'm, I'm there, I'm there like every 18 months. So yes, I, I have thought about it and I know exactly what it's gonna feel like and it's not gonna be good.


Okay. Why is it that as I get older and get into my first real job working around adults, they care more about what I do with my outside life than when I was in college. Yeah. I thought as you get older, people care less about drama and petty things, but it's the total opposite. No, it's vicarious. Well yeah. The less you go out and have a social life than you just spend your time talking about other people. Yeah. Yeah. And they also get to lie about what they used to do when they were younger. Yes. So they hear you be like, oh yeah, I went out and I partied on Friday night. They're like, yeah, I used to, you know, start Friday night and Sunday night. Sometimes some beers Monday morning going into work. They like to just exaggerate how, how much action they had when they were your age. Stanford, Steven Illa had a very funny conversation about this, about how they would like go for the show when they were doing it with SVP.


And SVP would always like go back to the hotel and they would go out and then SVP the next day would just be like, tell me everything that happened. And I remember listening to that and being like, oh man. And I'm that guy. I'm the go to the hotel and then just be like, gimme all The details. You don't really care though. I'll, I'll that No, I don't care as much. I'll like, you're not, you're not nosy or like, no, I just Want to go to bed. Yeah. More than Anything. You're not Gossipy. No, because it's like, I also can't keep track of anything. I always find out the gossip in the office. Absolutely. The last person, like the last person. I'm pretty sure the cleaning ladies find out the gossip before me. At what age did you realize that you couldn't physically do the things you could do in your athletic prime?


'cause it feels like every time I throw a ball on of any kind, I'm on the verge of throwing my arm out. Hmm. I'm, I'm like approaching my athletic prime. Are you? Yeah. I thought your athletic prime was like 27. Maybe yours. I don't think it's like, yeah, there's nothing, I mean obviously there's a lot of shit I can't do. Well when I, when I do throw Yeah. That, that's definitely one where it's like if you throw, like we had a mound out there for opening day last year and I threw as hard as I could like four times and I thought my arm was gonna fall off. I think for me it's more, I notice it when we play pickup hoops on Friday and I just stand at the three point line. I'm just like, I don't really want to go down low and get elbowed and bang around.


That's a big one. I think this is more frontal lobe or whatever it's called. But the skiing for me, like, I used to like skiing, but I, when I was a kid and younger and young adult, I, I had a very, I have a very reckless ski style where I just bombed down the hill. Not a great stopper. And it was always like, just go straight and eventually you'll get a, you know, you'll slow down. But speed was never a concern. Now when I even think about skiing, I'm like, ah. Like I don't, I don't wanna do that. Yeah. But I know how I ski and how I've like always skied. Yeah. But it's like you can't, you can't be scared if you're gonna do it like that. Here's the Big one. The big part of getting old I've noticed for athletic stuff is you're just way more conscious of getting injured. Yeah.


And you're scared. Yeah. That's what you're explaining right now. Like I am so scared of getting injured because an injury at 40 versus an injury at 25 is so vastly different. Yeah. So it's at, at this age you collect injuries. So if you get injured, that's gonna be something that you deal with for pretty much the rest of your life. Yeah. Where you, you break a leg and you're like, well now my leg is never gonna work the same ever. Whereas if you get injured when you're 25. Yeah. Gimme, gimme a month. I'll be back. I still hold out hope that someday I'm just gonna, when I'm like not working as much, maybe like start doing yoga and just get like, just really flexible. Yoga's fucking impossible. Yeah. So the real answer, I wanna go to that stretch lab place. Have you gone? Yeah. Yeah. Wait, Would they just stretch you? Yeah.


Yeah. My real answer to that question though was when, when I first had my back injury. Yeah. When your back hurts for the first time. Yeah. That's when you know way past your athletic prime Kidney stones too. Yeah. Kidney stones is one. Stone's an old guy thing. Yeah. When I was doing the, the kicking thing at the, the bar stool bowl and all I had to do was make a 35 yard field goal and I was training for it. I was kicking like 36 yards and two years ago I was kicking 45 yards. At that point I was like, it's never coming back. Also, I'll say it just standing up for a really long time is just like, I, I wanna sit. I took 40,000 steps during the dark stream. That was the one thing I didn't mention. Wow. Thanks for mentioning it. Beast Also almost threw my arm out.


So yeah. I guess that's like a sign too. Yeah. Maybe athletic peak not What about the comments from the people calling you a pussy for saying that your arm hurt after throwing darts for 10 hours. Throw darts for 10 hours. Tell me how your arm feels and then if you still feel like I'm a pussy, I'll accept it. I'm gonna, until then I'm gonna defend the chat in this in, in this case. Just that every time I watch someone else do something hard, I'm like, that's so easy. Yeah. Your brain just says that. Like, if someone does like an eating challenge, I'm like, I could fucking do that. And when You're sitting Start, like If you sit and watch someone for two hours, not you're, you do nothing. But if you're standing and doing something for two hours, like it, it takes a toll Get. Yeah. Like when Jerry Did to get tired, Jerry, when Jerry did his first hole in one stream, I was like, how is he so sore?


Swing a club 2000 times and find out. But in your head you're just like, this looks so easy. Hey Big Cat, PFT, Hank and America's team Max. Mm Someone who recently graduated college. How do I figure out what will be my career? When will I know? Also how come as soon as I finish college, hangovers instantly became so much worse. Thanks for all that you guys do. I'd love to throw my hat in the ring for your next intern. Looks like he wants a career. Yeah. Get ready buddy. 'cause the hangovers are gonna get way worse. Should hit up five years ago before you entered college. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that, I think that's a very personal question depending on who you are. Like how will you know when your, your job is the one that you want. I think if you just, if you enjoy it, if you truly like it, if you like thinking about it when you're not working there, that's, that's probably a pretty good sign.


Yeah. My only advice for someone like that is you have more time to figure it out than you think. 'cause I think there's a lot of pressure always when you graduate college especially. 'cause there's gonna be a couple of your friends that go right into some high paying job or or crushing it and you're like, fuck I'm behind. You can, you can switch jobs and find, try something new and, and do different things. You have, you have, you have time to fuck up. Yeah. And, and, and not like fuck up, fuck up. But like you have time to do something for a couple years and be like, you know what? This isn't for me. Yeah. You might have to take a step back but that's where the time comes in. Like taking a step back when you're in your twenties is not as hard as taking a step back when you're in your thirties or forties and you have kids and a family and, and a house and all that shit.


Yeah. Don't think because you're 25 years old that you have to be on the path for the rest of your life. Pretty Much. You don't have to get walk, figure it out till you have kids ready. 'cause then you have to think about them more than you think about Yourself. Yeah. Would Robert De Niro saying he never gets so attached to something that you can't walk away from in 30 seconds or less. That's how you should feel about your job until you're like 27. Yeah. And Robert De Niro look at him. He's still having kids. Yeah. And she had a great ass. Okay. Why is it so far away From the stream yesterday? Ah, okay, I got it. No, no I got it. He can Still, he can still do this. Hank. I got it. Yeah, you're trying to fucking That was an Old man. Yeah. Lemme get that for you sir.


Alright. Numbers 3 11 99 P 40 92. What'd you guess last time? Memes? Three. No, no, no. You guessed something else. No, I guess Three. Was it 11? Who guess? 11. Three. I Always guess 1159 For the Super Bowl. 44. Take your time. 54. Fuck That. Love you guys. Is that the Super Bowl you won? Max?


No. What was that? I think the 54. Oh. Love you guys.