
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music


Football fans. The NFL season is almost here. Did you know that DraftKings Sportsbook and official partner of the NFL offers season long survivor pool contest that you can enter right now? That's right. Here's how it works. Head to the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Select the pools tab and find a survivor contest. To enter each week of the NFL season, pick one team to win their game, and if they do, you'll survive and advance to the next week. But here's the catch, you can only pick each team once throughout the season. So choose wisely. Be one of the highest scoring players at the end of the season to take home your share of millions in cash prizes. Don't miss your chance. Reserve your entry now. New customers. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code BSS during signup. Compete for your share of over three and a half million dollars in total prizes with season long pools only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 8 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age varies by a jurisdiction void in Ontario. Entry fees required maximum entry limits. Apply prizes issued as cash ends 9 8 24 at 1:00 PM Eastern Time. CDK g.co/survivor terms for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Lucy is the official nicotine pouch partner of Barstool Sports and their signature breakers pouches contain a tiny liquid capsule that's a flood of flavor all day long. There's not a pouch that fits this lip better than Lucy. Give Lucy a try and go to lucy.co/barstool and use promo code Barstool to get 20% off your first order. Lucy products are only for adults of legal age and every order is age verified Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical


On today's Pardon. My Take. It is Grit Week. And we have our good friend coach Jim Harbaugh on the show. Incredible interview with him. He is, for everyone who knows the history of Pardon My Take, he was one of our first big guests on Grit Week Season two. But we're back in the bus. We're traveling around. We're going to training camps. It's Grit Week. We're excited. We're gonna talk with Jim Harbaugh. We're gonna do Who's back? We're gonna talk some Olympics. We have the Mount Rushmore of things you wish you weren't too old for, which should be very fun.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Know the beautiful thing about being a sports fan. There's only like two days the whole year without a game. Two, with so much happening and so much action that makes just about every day game day at Draftking Sportsbook, it's super easy for first time users to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app, select your team and place your first bet. It really couldn't be any easier, any simpler. We're gonna be doing tune into all of our socials. We're gonna be releasing some of our favorite over unders, win totals, super Bowl odds and this week. So I'm just looking at it right now. I'm throwing it out there. This is like a quick glance. I haven't even studied the board at all. Super Bowl odds. Bengals 13 to one. That's what jumps out. Ooh, I like it. That's what jumps out. I like It. I put in a bet like two days ago on the Commander's week three game. Oh, I can bet on that type of stuff. Nice. Right now in DraftKings. Yeah. Yeah. Chiefs are plus 500. Niners are plus 600. Ravens are 10 to one. Lions are 12 to one. So we'll, we'll, we'll release what we're, we're what we're gonna pick this week. I And if you're, Ooh, you like it. And if you're new to DraftKings, you gotta check this out. New customers Bet five bucks. Get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Use code take that's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just $5 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance, deposit and eligibility restrictions apply. See terms and responsible gaming resources@dkeng.co slash base.


Okay, let's go. I in The series Violence and, and you can blame me, I Pardon My Take, presented by Barstool Sports.


Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings, downloaded the draft King Kings download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now use code take, that's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just $5 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, August 5th and it is Grit Week. Yeah, baby. We're back The best week of the year. Yes. Foot Metro. We got Yes. Football is so back too, like going to training camps and just smelling football, hearing football, hearing football, I think is the best. It was So awesome being at Chargers training camp today. We, we have an awesome interview with Jim Harbaugh coming up. We also got to interview Ben Herbert, their strength and conditioning coach, which we will release probably next week.


but it is Grit Week. It feels good to be back around football. We've got some awesome interviews coming this week for the Awls. Some big time training camps. We're going to. And we all are dressed ridiculous. We are, we, most of us we're, most of us we're all dressed pretty ridiculous right now. So Everyone is, I realized the mistake we made was, so, PFT was traveling all last week and we had the idea, he was like, I don't know what to do because I'm gonna be traveling and I'm gonna have no new clothes. And we came up with the very genius idea of like, Hey, let's just buy new clothes every day while we're out on Grit Week. So I, I did this.


I, I don't know if Max also was in Europe, so he needed new clothes. I packed a single backpack. I love it. Hank maybe cheated a little. He packed full clothes, but he's wearing the, the bought clothes by Huey today. It dawned on me though that this Well, They have full of suitcases as well. Yeah, That's true. They Said dirty clothes. I have a suitcase. Dirty clothes with dirty clothes. Yeah. I brought just a backpack. Max's clothes smell like France right now. you don't want that. Looking At us right now, though. It dawned on me that this only hurts me, max. And Hank it doesn't hurt PFT at all. 'cause he is just dressing like he always dresses. PFT has matched a thousand times better than he was earlier today when he was wearing like a striped polo and like Poco Oh, Hank Shorts.


Oh, Hank, when I was wearing the part of my take branded polo shirt with a Blue Mountains. It's a great shirt. A piece of shit. It was just no, the, the outfit was horrible. Like you can, you can have a nice shirt and just like, if, if the, if it doesn't match, like you look like a, you got dressed in the dark, That's your thing. Listen, I This is green shorts with a green shirt. Yeah, you do. Look, you, you look sick. You Do. I'm The first to admit, there's usually two days a week where I look like I accidentally dressed like a 6-year-old. I'm going to like kindergarten basically. I look like Bryce Young walking into Bar Stool. That's today. I get it. That was it. It was, it was my last, my last set of clothes that I had available. Actually, what's messed up is last night I set that out. I had two options of what to wear and I was like, this is my better outfit.


So I'll set this out for tomorrow and I'll Be on camera. Oh, you you went with your winner. I went with my better outfit. Yeah. The other was a, a a limi from Motorhead T-shirt. Okay. And pink shorts. Yeah. But, so this was the winner. Either way, if we all walked down into, and like walked down and saw each other first thing in the morning, everyone would be like, what the fuck are you wearing, max? What the fuck are you wearing, Hank? What the fuck are you wearing? Big. Cat. And everyone would be like, oh, PF T's Dressed. I'm just wearing a John Cena shirt. I actually do own these shorts. I have these same shorts, but they're, well those are just normal shorts. They're darker. Those are Normal, normal shorts. The pants were Wearing, the pants for the, between me, Big, Cat and Hank and Hank versus PFT is insane. Insane. Max looks like Max. I'm wearing, I'm wearing the Super Bowl pants. You look like you're A We're five.


Dude. I'm wearing a, a, a generic football jersey. I don't even know what this is. I Actually like Max's outfit. He looks like This looks like something that you would wear. Oh no, You look like a, you Look like a guy that runs a disco in Scooby-Doo. Yeah. No, He looks like a cop. He looks like a cop from the seventies. Like a movie about a cop from the seventies and they cut to a scene where they're having a barbecue. Yeah, he, no, and he, but he also looks like a guy who just was in Amsterdam and he was like, oh, I'm back. And I I'm not doing this American dressing anymore. That's where you are. You look like a, a drug dealer in am. You look like a guy in Amsterdam. They'd be like, Hey, five bucks. She'll give you the best night of your life. Look Like Euro Max standing. You're standing on the, on the street corner Euro Max. So Huey's dressing us. This is day one.


So The, the nice thing about, I knew that when I walked out here, you guys were gonna say, well, PFT doesn't look any nor any different than he normally does look better. It's really, it's great. I I look better maybe. But the the thing that you don't notice here that I thought somebody would bring up is they got me a crop top shirt, but the crop top, it looks like a normal T-shirt on me. And I thought that you guys would, would bring that up. Yeah. But fortunately, I guess just my normal ridiculous look covered up for the fact that I'm short And we're going back to Chargers camp tomorrow for another interview dressed like this Rein Johnson. And we have some other big interviews coming up that we're gonna be dressed equally as ridiculous. Who Do I stand out the most?


In, in, in my outfit for sure. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Hank does have child pornography, right? Dude, I'm wearing a football jersey. What are you talking about? But it is football. Football. You're a football guy. You're Wearing football. Like I'm gonna a NASCAR event. Well, the top half of me does The bottom half. I don't know what I am. PFD said I'm wearing bell bottom. I just, I can just Said that I woke up late and had to run out to the RV and like didn't have time To check outta bed. Yeah, you just, yeah, you just woke. You had a, you were just like, oh man, I'm a little groggy. This is what I wear. I wear my Yeah. Is what I, I wear my Snoopy. This is what I wear to eat breakfast. And then I got changed for the days. Well that, that is on brand for Hank Hank. Looks like he's still in bed right now. Do you wanna hear your, the funny Hank story I do more than anything. You Want to hear it? Yeah. Max heard it.


This, this, yeah. Whatever. No, this is a funny Hank story. I Wanna hear the funny Hank story and We'll talk about sports in a second. It's, can I tell you a funny Hank story? This is vintage. This is gonna Be vintage Hank. I don't, I don't want you interrupting. Trying gaslight the audience. I want hear what I'll tell You. Stop me when I'm wrong. I'm on Hank's side for this though. But you stop me when I'm wrong. But it's just funny coming from Hank. But I'm on Hanks Side just, just to set the stage. So also set the stage with like, this is what we do all the time. Okay. All all right. Factor fiction. The timing of it was, we talked about schedules all the time, but the timing of it was jumping gun was very fun. Tell the story and then The timing of it was very funny. So we, last week was vacation. Hank just got back from vacation in the week before. In the week before Hank just got back from vacation. I was at work on Thursday, Saturday.


Saturday he text, we flew Saturday, Saturday night we're flying out, out. He tell the story. Sorry, You were too busy in fucking Nashville in Ohio. Work trip. I'm pulling up to O'Hare and I get a text from Hank and he goes, I want to get ahead of something. I'm really fucking hate Hank. I'm really, I'm really drunk right now. He texted me that Saturday, it's like 6:00 PM He's just like, you wanna get ahead of this? I'm really drunk right now. I was like, I don't care. Whatever. So then he shows up, we're about to board. He walks up again. We had just got off vacation. First thing he says to me, he goes, not very first. Yeah, it was pretty much the first, Not long after it Was, it was like, Hey, what's up?


How you feeling? And then he said this. He said, I was looking at Christmas week and how many days we can have off. No, I was thinking about the show schedule. That was the first thing. He pulled up his calendar. He is like, look at the Christmas week. I was like, we just got done with a vacation. What? What are you planning Hank yellow trip? No, I Mean I was literally sitting at my house on Saturday doing nothing. Just wondering about Christmas vacation. And I'm looking at the calendar. I'm just curious, looking at the calendar and again, like part of o obviously I do love vacations. I'm a huge vacation sporter that is, you know, a vacation week. But I was thinking about the show and like, you know, obviously depending on when Christmas and New Year's is how we do the shows differentiates because of, I understand This.


I think he said concept I was looking at, I was, I was throwing out ideas. 'cause there's a world where we could get two Weeks, right? Yeah. He was like, it's the perfect Christmas, new Year's. We get two weeks off. That is Sweet. I I'll get Hank's back on this. When you're in, I thinking when you're in five hours as a kid and you see that Christmas and New Year's lines up magically where you get maximum Year magic ation. This is a Year. That's great. Great. The difference is we're not in elementary school right now And football is our job. Yeah. And there's a lot of football being played in those two weeks, including the entire college football playoffs. There's Christmas day games. I had it, I had it all planned out. And Big Cat won't even let me get, you know, get, get out my words because I was like, it's it, it goes through two Sundays. College Playoff court on Sundays. I wasn't saying we're taking those leagues off. There's a world where we record Sunday.


I'm not gonna get No, no. Okay, I'm on hang side here. I'm looking at it now. We always have to record on New Year's Eve or on Christmas Eve and Christmas, which sucks that we have to like do that. Yeah. This year We don't have to Do I don't. Like there isn't gonna be Christmas Eve games. Right? There's gonna be Christmas day games. Yeah. But that's a Wednesday. Yeah. So we would, We record on Thursday, so We're record on Thursday. Yeah. Like that does rock. And I'm on on, But again, it, your side's just a funny of like, Hank Was trying to get two weeks off. We're in the first week of August and he's just like, I've been looking at the Christmas schedule. Well, it's also very fitting. The, the start of Grit Week the hardest working week of the year. He comes in hot with planning a vacation. Six much. Now we're in LA about drunk. Yeah. Oh, you're gonna do that.


Go ahead. Well, this beef Randy Leiden for a second, This is our second Grit Week in LA that we've done. So we Yeah, I'm sure there'll be people be like, why didn't you go to the Rust Belt again? Although there was a lot of people who were mad that we did Buffalo and Detroit last year. Again. We go where the interviews take us. It's like If, you build it, they will come. And we are going to three different training camps and have six unbelievable interviews coming. So that's what we're doing. And, and we also are gonna find ways, what's grittier than the Pacific Ocean? Nothing, maybe there's a lot of things, but we're gonna try to surf tomorrow. And I'm very worried about that. Yeah. That's where the Marianna Trench is lowest pad level on earth. Yeah. We asked Huey if he knows how to swim and he said I, I haven't drowned yet.


Yeah. Shout out Huey. I've swam within seven to eight years ago Within the last seven or eight years. What The Hell In a pool on your controlled environment. I'm good. Yeah. He, Well this is the Pacific Ocean. So We, we, who knows what's gonna happen. He, we do know how to swim. And he goes I think so. Yeah. Which is not, not the ideal answer. I mean, I want to, we gotta get, we're gonna get you in floaties tomorrow. Yes. In the ocean. Either Way, people there, there'll be haters for anything. I can just trust us that we have some awesome interviews and we've also been on an awesome interview kick. Oh yeah. This summer Ever. Yeah. We were going through the ies I went through, I was going through like episodes to think of stuff that happened last year. And I went through our last summer episodes and we were, we were just scratching and clawing for anything.


Yes. Yes. This summer has just been announced. That was a transition. No, I know. I, it's just, it was funny when I, you know, you didn't think about it, but I was looking back and I was like, oh wow. Like If, you compared last Summer's guest to this summers. It's I index. Yeah. Yeah. It's way different. It's crazy. Big Cat. You do look funny though. You, you, you look like a cop. Ridiculous. Yeah. Like showing up undercover at an I CCP concert. No, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a cop at Alpine Valley where there's just all the undercover cops go. Yeah. I'm just, I'm at a Phish concert being like, Hey, You got, who's got goo Balls? Yeah. We should say, by the way, we need a, an AWS house for hard knocks. So Tuesday night is the premier of hard knocks. Bears hard knocks. I'm very excited. A WL Costa Mesa give us Costa Mesa.


That's where we'll be in that approximate area. So where are they going to, who are they gonna contact? Huey. I don't know about that. Who, who, who they gonna reach out to? I think it's gotta be Huey. It's gotta Be Huey. Impressed. Huey. Our usual criteria is if it's a, it's always better if it's a couple. Yep. We need a male female. Male. Female or Male. Male or female. Female or Fe Oh, Hank. Yeah. I get freaky. Oh baby. Okay. How many X chromosomes do we need? Hank? I Said male. Male first. Yeah's true. Yeah. All. Yeah. We, we, we'd like it to be a couple. Generally less creepy that way. And preferably a dog. Yeah, dog. So there it is. Those are our criteria. Or we would, we would make an exception if Rebecca Roma Stamos, excuse me, Rebecca Romaine O'Connell.


Yes. Wanted us at her place. Yeah. So, and Include a picture of your wa watch set up because that will take out a few people who just don't follow directions. The in the email is PP Yeah, Go ahead. Pmt hard knocks@gmail.com. Okay. So pmt hard knocks@gmail.com. Costa Mesa area. We, we want to come to your house and watch hard knocks on Tuesday night. It's one of our favorite things we do Every Grit Week. It's awesome. Remember the time we went to a house in Milwaukee and the girl was a big fan and her boyfriend was like, who are these dudes that are invited into our house? That was wild.


Yeah. She was like, I'm a huge fan. And the guy was like, didn't want anything to do with this. Like, all right, I'll be upstairs babe. Yeah. Yeah. It was crazy. It was crazy. And For some reason she asked us to show up, just bringing a bunch of pineapples. Yeah. It was really strange. Yeah. So Guy, girl or Hank would like to fuck girl. Girl. No fucking, no fucking guy. Guy first. Yeah. Yeah. Guy. Guy is his first choice. You did the guy, guy. Well I wasn't trying to make your choices. Make your choices. Rank your choices. You Look like you're doing math Right now. Yeah. What the hell? Just say It. Are you counting holes? Go Rank your choice Guy. Guy would be honestly hilarious.


It would be very funny. Yeah. Okay. Girl. Girl would also be hilarious. Yes. And then Guy girl. Okay. Okay. Okay. And dog. We want a dog. What about like a dog Guy? Girl guy? No, that's, that's not that. That never works. Yeah. Okay. What about, alright, so yeah, Tuesday night we're gonna watch Costa Mesa area. We'll be down there. We'll bring the bus. It's gonna be great. What else do we have? Grit. Week is, we're ready to go. It's Upon us. Chargers training camp was awesome today. Yes we did. We'd be remiss if we didn't say how nice the facility was. Oh, the building. We interviewed the building today. Yep. I think that building is worth five wins at least just on building alone for the Chargers.


Yep. We got our neck strength tested by Coach Ben Herbert. Yeah. And yeah, I got the strongest neck outta the three of us. Yeah. No big deal. Great neck, strong. Mm. Big Cat. Great neck. Great neck. I think he thought we were all pussies though. Yeah, Of course, of course. Big time. We are. Yeah. Well yeah, that's true. It. Well. Alright, let's talk some sports. She talk some sports, she talk some Olympics. Let's talk Olympics. Hundred meter dash. Where do we wanna start? What hundred Meter dash did You start? A hundred meter. dash hundred. A hundred yard? No. A hundred meter. A hundred meter hundred meter. Noah Lyles with painted fingernails. Could it be the year of painted fingernails wins by 0.05 of a second.


We all watched it and we still don't really understand. We're like, this looks like the Jamaican guy won. And the the Yeah. Announcer said that as well. Completely ruined the moment by saying, and Jamaican Jamaica that Jamaican takes it. But Noah Lyles backed it up 'cause he was talking a lot of shit. He Was talking a lot this week. If that Jamaican guy had been a French pole vaulter, he would've won. Yeah. So that's how close it was. It was his head crossed the line. I think it was 0.0005. It was a a period of time that doesn't exist. Yes. Ahead of the Jamaican guy and yeah, I guess Lyle's big like anime guy. He's Big UGO guy. Yeah. He's he, he's Dragon Ball Z. He, He called his shot too because he was, there was a big deal.


He finished second in his first, in the first like quarterfinals or whatever it was. And heat. And he fi he was like 12th overall. Ran real slow over 10, 10 seconds. And everyone was just bashing him, being like, this guy sucks now. He even said, he was like, yeah, it's the Olympics. Everyone's gonna gimme my best shot. I should probably run a little harder. Yeah. And then he went and won the a hundred meters and USA's on top in gold medals I think. And total medals. We just dominate. We're Tied with China for gold China. We're smoking 'em and everything else. Yeah, that's True. It's a, it's a big, big day for just declaring people to be on Mount Rushmore. And apparently before Noah Lyles went over and an interview, he said, I'm envisioning myself returning home as a gold medalist.


And that puts me on Mount Rushmore. Hell yes. Him and Joe Biden. A lot of people, a lot of people go on Mount Rushmore these days. Nancy Pelosi is literally trying to end Mount Rushmore season. It's tough. We won't let her. Yeah. She probably shorted Mount Rushmore's and then talked about it. Now she's gonna buy, She's gonna buy. You did mention the French pole vaulter. Who, if everyone missed it, he had, he basically got disqualified or whatever. The bar came down because his dick was too big. Yeah. Which kind of the best way to lose, I'd say. Because everyone's like, oh, your dick was too big. I'd say now everyone knows your dick's too Big. It's without a doubt the best way to lose. Yeah. And if he's from France, so if he was from another country where they circumcised, he probably would've been fine.


Yeah, that's True. He, I think it was actually his balls more than anything. I think It was his hog. It was whole package though. I, I think it was the dick. Yeah. Kovic is the goat. One gold big Deal. It wasn't on tv. Big deal. Couldn't watch it. No big deal. On, on Clay beating doll. Beat, beat the whole country of Spain. I was there. And you were there. I was there for the winning for Jokers. I, well you said he beaten beating A doll. Oh yeah. We beaten a doll. We had also John Rom with an all time choke. And Scottie Scheffler more is Captain America. So he won gold. It was John Rom was plus five on the back nine. Scottie Scheffler more was minus six on the back Nine. He shot a 62 today, John Rom minus 600 with eight holes to play.


If John Rom had shot par on the back nine, he would've won by a stroke. And he ended up losing. He kept, he came in fifth medal. Yeah. Yeah. Scottie Scheffler more. What a Beast. He also, I think he won $38,000. I think that was the purse for today. Really? Yeah. Andy won like a Catie won $3,800 today. Hot sponsored by Liv? No. In the Olympics? No, He got the gold medal and then gave him like a, a cube, a gold Cube. Aton. Yeah. Is that everyone that's getting that or is that just golfer? That was the very First time I saw someone holding It. It looked like something that you would, a villain would steal and die hard and like bury underneath the Statue of Liberty. It was like a, a piece of gold from like Fort Knox that he got to go home with. Good for Scotty. Where, where was the, where was the course today, Hank? Do you know?


I Think it was the same place that the Ryder Cup was At. Oh. Oh. So it it is actually right next to Versailles then, which is the original Louisville. So I Might have just made that up. Yeah, I think you did. Okay. But that's okay. Sky Shuffler is the Man, he is the man Captain America, Le Golf nationale. So now we, it's called, wait, it's called Lay Golf Le Golf nationale. People were trying to make the Olympic gold as the fifth major. We, I mean well they were giving that one in Connecticut, right? They Were giving Joe farmers The Travelers. Travelers. Oh, the road to Dubai. Yeah, that's true. But Djokovich did like career Grand Slam. Yeah. So if it's the fifth major for tennis, I feel like it kind of is.


But they don't have the travelers in tennis. True. But they probably do. They might. Or The players. They might, they might also team USA lost to Mickey Mouse in the mixed, I didn't even know they did mixed relays. Pretty cool. But we lost to the Netherlands and Mickey Mouse. I don't know. If, you guys have heard this woman's voice. Nothing will prepare you for it, but here it is. Mind to me. You know exactly what to do indoors. How was that for you? Oh, it was amazing. That's her real voice. It, it sounds like one of us doing a girl's voice. Yeah. Just amazing. She also looks exactly like Pete Holmes wife in Crashing.


Yes. Lauren lap. Lap lap. I, I saw, I saw her. She, yeah, she does a lot. Yeah. It's weird to hear. Even weirder to look at. We should not be losing to. Nevertheless, I feel, I feel like for as long as I've been an adult person watching the Olympics, we always dominate the four by 100 except for Jamaica that one time. Yeah. But I feel like that's our thing, that we should dominate that. Right. It's sad to see. Yeah. The US Women's soccer team won. That was a great game. No, they beat Japan. Trinity, Rodman, Trinity Rodman scoring goals all over Japan. Where are we in the tournament? I think semi-finals now. Okay. Our basketball team's gonna win gold. Our draw is insane. Yeah. Pretty good playing. Like everyone good is on the other side of the bracket. So that's a wrap And be dominated.


Yeah, he Did. He had a good game. Yeah, he did. I told You he had a good score. Game. Easy. You, it's A match. This you didn't tell us because you released a video that we had. You were addressing all these things that we just didn't say. Well, you were going to. No, we weren't. I I went back. I went back and listen. Got prem mad. You guys just wanted me to get mad first. But you were gonna make fun of him. But I thought you were gonna make fun of him and then kick it To me. I, I think if we're doing the, like let's look at the, I was mad. Let's look at the team as a whole. I would say that Embi is having a much better Olympics than Tatum. I didn't say that. Hmm. They both have one did not play. Max. Do you want to dr. The country? Like where's your, where's your patriot? That Well you're saying that because you know I'm right.


No, I'm saying it because If you. If I All that matters If, you thought I I was wrong. You would be fighting. No, all that matters isn't gold. Yeah. Because we already won gold. Like we're just, we're we're playing for basically who can be the best on team USA? That's the Fact it Was was the Ryder Cup course. It was in 2018. Okay. Nice. Oh, 2018. Okay. Max, would you like to address the fact that the Philly suck, They won today. Okay. And they lost six. I actually was thinking You're only as good as your last game. I was thinking about it. Is there a chance that you like cursed? You were, you took a week off, you were off on vacation and the Phillies didn't win a game for the entire time you were off. It Was crazy. So I know that sometimes you think that like this show is a curse to you because you just keep finishing second.


What if in a weird twist of fate, If, you ever left PMT, you actually would lose everything. I Thought about that. Like, Like be a loser like us And also MB didn't play. Yeah. There was a lot of bad things that were happening to Philly sports while I was gone. And it, there were a couple moments where I was just like sitting thinking and getting angry and I was like, I can't be angry right now. Like, I can't, I can't let this bother me right Now. You can't, you can't be angry while you're holding a baguette. Yeah. Oh, So many Baguettes. So many baguettes. So many cheese. So much cheese. So much cheese. You forgot one important team. Your Philadelphia water dogs have been eliminated from the playoffs. They fucking suck.


I think. I think it's fire. Everybody. They Suck. Dude. It was that they were down 11 to nothing on Saturday. They suck. I it starts with us. They're turning me Into Dan Snyder. Yeah. but it actually come Who I hate. It does start with Max because they are the Philadelphia water dogs. We never were this bad when we were just the water dogs. Well, before We got Max, we won a championship, then we got Max. They came in second. But yeah, max, you might be ma like on this show, the, the series of heartbreak that you've had for Philadelphia sports, you might be completely like maxing out Philly's ability. Right. This is like as good as it gets. Right. So Philadelphia should be thanking me. Well you're not winning anything still, but, but you can just never leave us Okay.


Is what we're basically saying. Also, I, I'd like to to apologize to you guys if I could when we went into this, we're not Texting me after my big horrific fall and seeing if I was okay. Would Fall. Would fall when I fell. Fell on my ass. Did you fall? Did you fall? Yeah. I felt really bad. I felt really bad. Are you okay? Thank you for asking. Are you all right? I am. Okay. Yeah. Did you break anything? I almost broke my wrist and my tail. You basically have a broken end pretty much like LeBron, but Yes. No, but I, I'd like to apologize because going into baseball season, we were trying to figure out which team to bet against every single day. Oh, this Is my who's back? Okay. This is my who's back all. Yep. This is my who's back. It's, we gotta, we'll talk about it every day. I have some stats Every day.


I think about it. Well, every Single day because I, that team was actually mentioned, but yes. My, who's back? Do you guys wanna get mad about a list? Yep. Okay. Tyreek Hill was named number one NFL player. And Patrick Mahomes is number four. Yes. I'm Insane. And Tyre Hill won't even race speed. That's True. He's a coward. Yeah, He is the, I don't understand this list. I mean I get, I get it because they're trying to make people mad. But no, because this is who Voted on it. I Think the players voted on it. So this is just hater. I think. Yeah. It's, it's because there's a lot of teams that despise Patrick Mahomes because he beats them. You can't have a top one. It's two and three. Lamar and Christian McCaffrey.


I think it's Christian McCaffrey then Lamar, you can't have a top 100 list of NFL players and not have Patrick Mahomes number one. Correct. Right now Mahomes should be number one. Tyreek should be anywhere between two and four Fine. But Mahomes is number one. But the Gap between one and two is significant. Right. It makes no sense. Yeah. It's just people that have lost a Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. And it also opens up, like if I were a Dolphins fan, I actually wouldn't want to have Tyreek Hill be the number one player because it just opens up Chiefs fans to be like, all we care about is rings. Yeah. And then they could just do that to everyone. Well, hypothetically what would happen if the chiefs ever played against the Dolphins in the playoffs? What would the weather be? Pretty cold.


It wouldn't go well for the Dolphins. Okay. It would not go for, it would Be, it would be helmet breaking cold. Yes. It would not go well for the dolphins. All right. What else in the sports world? Hall of Fame inductions were this weekend? Devin Hester. That was pretty cool. He said I'm hopefully the first of many to get in. Yeah. And he said I'm the best of all time. And he is. He is the best. Yeah. That's not even a, a question Steven. Michael obviously battling a LS very said, but great that he got the recognition. Yep. Julius Peppers. Who else? Patrick Willis. Is it like Basically gonna be impossible for another kick returner to get in new, I think New kick. Think he was talking about like Josh Cribs and Brian Mitchell.


Yeah. Maybe Dante Hall. Dante Hall. Human Joy. I feel like he was the, the career was too short for Don Hill. Yeah, he was. But yeah, well it was very fitting that Devin Hester went in on the weekend that like started the new era of kicks. Although the new kick is supposed to allow For more returns. That's, I I I think we're, we've been thinking too much myself included, about how teams are gonna take advantage of it on the return. I think it's gonna be a bigger advantage for the kicking team to do it than the returning team. I feel like a smart special teams coach is gonna be able to pin 'em with like a fucked up kick. Yeah. Every kickoff and Yeah. Really high kick. Wait, can you, you can fair catch. So I, I'm not sure. You probably can.


Yeah, you can. Fair catch. Should blow these rules. Basically anything. There's A second show in a row where we don't know these rules. No, you, that makes sense. You can fair catch anything, but I I There hasn't been more games. Yeah, true. We haven't, we haven't seen it enough. Yeah. My prediction for this NFL season, I think people are gonna really hate the kickoff. 'cause we hate new things until like, we just get used to it and then we're like, oh, it's fine. It's basically the same. Yeah. We get the same amount of returns. Yeah, Exactly. It, it does technically If, you go to the NFL website, it says promotes more returns. Okay. Yeah. Well that's so we'll believe them on their pure property. No, I I I think Well you're saying they'd lie. Yes. I think eventually it'll be better. I think overall it's gonna be better. But because it's safe, safer game because it's new, people are gonna hate it.


Correct. We hate everything new. Yeah. That's a fact. Okay. Any other sports stories? I've got one thing I want to get ahead of. Yeah. I, I alluded this to Hank earlier over the course of the weekend, we were in Nashville, pup Punk played at the Barsol Nashville Bar. And it was a great time. I had a blast before the show. I was getting my guitar tuned up. I was setting up the amp, all that stuff. And a lady came up to me on the side of the stage. She was probably, I'm gonna guess 45, maybe 50 years old. She was very obviously there on a bachelorette party, which is the number one reason people go to Nashville. She And the beer games. And the beer games, of course. And she came up to me and she was saying something.


I walked over to her. I was like, what's that? And she was like, motioning over. She's like, I'm on a bachelorette party. It's a scavenger. And I was like, oh, okay. Cool. Got finished setting some stuff up and she was still there. Like, come here, come here. So I walked over to her and she was like, put your number in my phone. And I said, I can't do that. Oh. I was like, I'm not, I'm not gonna give you my number. And then she was like, I just need it for scavenger hunt. Please just gimme your number. I was like, I don't know. I can't, I can't check this off. Like you're gonna have to find somebody else to ask. Then she's like, just put in any number. I don't care. So I can just check it off and say that I did. So I reached over and just hi. In 10 random numbers. There were people that had cameras out at the time.


You should have put in 9 1 1 It and it might look like I gave a 50-year-old woman my number wanting to just get ahead of this. That's not what happened. Mm. So in case that video comes out, I'm ahead of it. That's good. That's smart. That'ss what we call getting ahead of a story. That's smart. Yeah. See this is the Nashville Bar Stool bar. Yes. Any other videos you wanna get ahead of What? At the National Barill bar. All right. No, I Huey I think we're good. Huey, anything? No. Okay, great. We're good. Yeah. You should have put in 9 1 1. I should have Put in one And then just hit dial. Yeah. Was she hot? I think Why'd you give her my number? Yeah, Your number. Well, Hank, I thought you'd be busy. There was another crazy plane lady that went viral this weekend.


Thought, thought maybe, maybe you'd be reaching out to her. True. You see, you see the naked plane lady? I do. Yeah. Totally nude. Totally Nude. What? Wait was this woman? Not I, I think maybe, maybe back in her day. Okay. Yeah. Cannons. I don't know. Respectfully. I did not look respectfully. Respect. Yeah. Respectfully, respectfully. Nancy Pelosi should have just done a press conference being like, my cannons are on the Mount Rushmore. Yeah. Been like, okay. Crazy. Just, just put 'em like underneath Abraham Lincoln. Just have boots Over there. Yeah. Put these cannons on. Okay, let's do who's back the week then? Coach Jim Harbaugh.


Who's back the week's brought to you by our friends at Mountain Dew. I've been drinking it right now. Because you know what we all need to get more of off our ass with bold flavors and refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass and have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain. So a mountain where the weather is always perfect, your friends are ready to hang in a day of epic proportion. Awaits. I love the regular old school Mountain Dew. Great. Can, yeah. We got Baja Blast here as well. So the mountain is calling. You should answer. Grab your friends, grab an ice cold Mountain Dew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold. And do the dew. I love Mountain Dew so much. I'm drinking the zero right now. I think this is the best Zero sugar. Yeah, It's, I mean, mountain Dew is just one of my favorite. How can you not love Mountain Dew? It's elite. Yeah. Also great logo, great colors. Like look at this. Can this can it works perfectly with my football jersey. Yeah, it does. So get off your ass and let's drink some Mountain Dew.


Hank your who's back of the week? My who's back of the week is the Chicago No, I'm just kidding. You don't have one. Oh no, You Don't have One. He was planning his vacation earlier. He was Planning his vacation. Oh, who's League is disgrace? Oh, okay. Our our three on three basketball team got eliminated. Didn't medal. He sucked. Disgraceful so bad. Jimmer was hurt. Right. I'm gonna blame this on Jimmer being hurt That he played No, Jimmer was hurt. He Did not play against Lithuania. I don't know if he played the last game we were and two. Then you didn't play. Then we lost again. I think we won one game. I don't even know. How the fuck is this possible? Also, why don't we just send our, why isn't Jalen Brown in three and three?


I think it's like a different type of training. I don't know. It's disgraceful. No, It's basketball. Yeah. Like Peyton Prichard. Like, just send our next three guys. Wait, once we're over there and we got guys like Jason Tatum and Joel and Bead. They can't get minutes. Why don't we just put 'em over on the three Three? That's what I'm saying. The, The Joel and Bead. It's a fast paced game. He he deal That's true. Yeah. Good point. He's too fat to go all the way to the three point line and back. I It's insane that we lost this early. We didn't even make it to the knockout stage. No Disgrace. Absolute disgrace. I Why isn't Goldie on the team? Good Question. Goldie. There's a lot of, there's a lot of people. I think they're gonna have to do some, you know, bring coach K in and, and you know, save our country again. Yeah. Probably. We should take our best basketball playing football players.


The women bring up three team Does have WNBA players. So why the fuck don't we have NBA players in our three on three? This is, yeah. That's not good. Yeah. Alright. What's going on? What's going, Hey Max. No, I just thought it's funny. Huey like, loves talking about WNBA. Oh yeah. He, no matter what, he loves it. If, if who's back's coming up, it Huey's talking about A for us. Alright. PFT. Who's your, who's back? My Who's back of the week is John Gruden. Mm. John Gruden was at chief's practice today. Oh. He's also a beast on cameo. Is he Really? What's he doing? Like number one on came let get Cameo. Let guess John Gruden, how much is he Gotta be expect? We should actually try to do an, a full interview with him on cameo. Yeah.


Oh fuck. That would rule. Yes. Yeah, let's get John Gru. Like let's just Do a full, full interview. We'll run it. Yeah. Full. All right. Okay. We're we're gonna do that. Let's write like 15 questions. Can can we just be like, Hey, $130 is gonna be the most expensive interview we've ever done. Let's, let's, One of the questions should just be, or we write his answers for him. Right. So one of his answers should just be the text of one of the emails that he sent. Good question. Yeah. Thanks. Good question. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, we're gonna do that. But Yeah, he was, he was at chief's practice today. He was wearing a chief's uniform and he was advising chief's coaches. Whoa. So I think John Gruin might be secretly on the chief's coaching staff now he Dipping his toe.


I think he's dipping, he's dipping more than that. Wow. He's like Midhat right now with the Chief's. And he used to work with Andy in, in Green Bay, right? I Believe so. So I feel like Andy Reed would be the guy. If there's any coach right now in the NFL that does not give a fuck what the, what the league office thinks about them. It's probably Andy Reed. Yeah. He's too successful. Yeah. Untouchable. John Gruden would be fun to have back. I thought you were gonna maybe do your, who's back? RFK Junior. Can you explain the bear thing? Oh, the bear thing? Yeah. Yeah. So, because this doesn't Make any sense. I mean, It's, it's kind of a fun story and he got out ahead of it just like I got ahead of the, the old woman story. But, so from what I understand is RFK Jr, he, back in the day, he was driving behind his friend.


They were going on a hunting trip. Okay. The car in front of him ran over a bear, a bear cub, like a young bear. And then RFK junior pulled over, picked the bear up, put it in the back of his van. This is Not very Kennedy like of him. He Yeah. He actually going back to help something that might have been hit Yeah. Helping thing. Yeah. Yeah. So stepping out a little bit on that. So he put the bear in the back of his van because he was gonna skin it and then take the meat later because naturally Well 'cause he had a bear license, right. As one does. Okay. So he, he then proceeds to go back to New York. He forgets he's got a steak dinner at Peter Luger's. So he is like, okay, I'll just duck in for the steak real quick. I'll leave the dead bear in the back of my van.


No big deal. Go inside, eat the steak dinner. Then the dinner ran a little bit long. Okay. So he goes back and he is like, oh crap, I gotta get to the airport. I, I don't know what I'm gonna do with this dead bear cub that I've got in the back of my van. So then he drives with his buddies that he was just drinking with or they were drinking. He drives with them. Now it's getting more Kennedy like. Yeah. Yeah. So they get in the car and they have a great suggestion that he says he played along with, which was to take the Barrett Central Park and stage it and make it look like a bicycle ran into and killed the bear cub. Okay. It's A pretty common prank. And, And many, many bear cubs in Central Park. A lot of them. Yeah. Yeah. So this is gonna be a funny thing they were doing with the boys.


This actually is like a, a guy's being dudes moment. Yeah. Like somebody has a bad idea, all your friends are hammered and then you think that it's a good idea for some reason. Right. So then he drives the bear, the dead bear cub to Central Park stages it to make it look like it got run over by a bicycle, which I guess would kill a bear. But at the time there were a bunch of like, bike related fatalities in New York City. Okay. So they were doing that as a joke about like all the bicyclists hitting people. They're like, even they're, they're hitting bears now. Oh. It was a, it was a comment on on society. It was satire. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So they, they put the bear there and then the next day on the news they wake up and they turn it on and it's like national news that a bear cub got run over by a bike and it's a crime scene.


And for the last, I don't know what, what's the date on this? Can somebody look that up? Like when it happened. But ever since then, it's been like a big mystery. Why, how did this Bear Cub die? And Central Park turns out that RFK Jr put it there And How did we find this story out today? So we Found out today because RFK Jr was doing a podcast with Roseanne Barr. Okay. And so he found out that the New Yorker was gonna write a story about it. Okay. So he was getting ahead of the story by telling Roseanne the whimsical story about how he ran, how he hid the bear carcass in Central Park. Oh my God. 10 years ago. 10 years. 10 years ago. Yeah. Yeah. So like for the last 10 years, new Yorkers have been wondering what happened with that Bear? What Happened with this bear Turns out RFK Junior.


But what if We find out that RFK Junior had a hand in Flacco the Owl? It's a possibility. That could be a possibility. Yeah. Let's not, let's not put anything past him at this point. Let Close that case yet. So get ahead of that one. What an insane headline. Yeah. Pretty wild. Okay. I, I think I don't care at all. Yeah. but it was, it's still a cool story. Yeah. So like here, like I, I actually appreciate what RFK Junior's doing in this, in this political season where like everything has been very intense and he's just like coming out with stories left and right about being a weirdo. Yeah. I mean there was the famous when, when a reporter asked if there was any more sexual allegation, things coming out about him and he just said, we'll see. Yeah. Which Is a hell of an answer.


He's had, He's been on a heater too, like the brain worms thing. We do. We think he, we don't think he killed the bear. He claims that he didn't, he, because that Part feels, He says that there was a car in front of him that He sounds like Billy football the way he is like Yeah, the, this dude killed a bear and I got it. They Both kind of believe a lot of the same things politically, but like this If, you hit a bear and you kill it and I'm assuming you're gonna notice that it's gonna hit your car and probably cause some damage. Right. Do you just keep going or do you pull over and you're like, what the fuck was that? Yeah. I don't know. Is my car okay? I, that's why that part doesn't really, and I, I don't really, I don't think you see a bear get hit and then pull over immediately being like, Ooh, I want this bear, I want this bear meat and I wanna skin It.


It's a bear cub. I wanna skin this bear cub. Yeah. That Doesn't feel like a lot of meat. That's also a valid point. And would you want like a bear cub skin in your, in your house? Like if you're gonna, there's nothing cooler than having like the bear that's standing up looking like it's gonna kill you. A little baby Bear, but like a tiny little bear is kind of fucked up thing. Yeah. That might be a bigger red flag than putting in the back of your van. Then you put in the back of your van like it's a hostage for Yeah. 15 hours and you're like, oh, I can't leave it in my van because it'll smell. Okay, let's drive from Brooklyn to Central Park to drop it off. This, This story doesn't really make sense Anymore. It makes all the sense in the world to me. Yeah. Okay. My who's back, I got two of them. First is we were looting to it, the Chicago White Sox who are on a 20 game losing streak now PFT you mentioned it, but we did have the debate before the season.


Should we bet against the, a's of the White Sox? Yeah. It Came down to those two Teams and we chose incorrectly. 'cause we are betting against the a's every day and I think we're down eight units. Yeah. Which isn't disastrous. But the White Sox have lost 20 games in a row. They have also have a streak of 14 losses in a row. They're 16, or sorry, 60 games under 500 If. you just erased their 14 game losing streak and their 20 game losing streak. They would still have the worst winning percentage in baseball this year. And, And we'd be rich And we'd be rich If, you took their 20 game losing streak in 14 game losing streak and magically made them a 20 game winning streak and a 14 game winning streak.


They would, they would only go up one spot in the a l central. It's bad. That's how bad they are. They are so, so bad. It's, I mean, here's another one. The last White Sox win was closer in time to the Celtics winning the NBA finals than to right now. That's bad. That's really bad. I, I feel bad for White Sox is part of the reason why Jerry Rein, Part of the reason why we didn't bet against the White Sox every day, or at least me. Why I didn't really wanna do that was because new in Chicago, I'm trying to enjoy the city. I a great way to make enemies here, but it it is by hating all their sports teams. but It turns out we should have done it because White Sox fans hate the White Sox more than anyone at this point. I know because Jerry Reiner is completely made like this.


It's a joke. The, here's another one. This is from Jay Cuda. Only two managers in baseball history have at least 200 games managed for the same team, and a winning percentage under 3 33, which is insane winning percentage. Pedro Gral and a guy named Dr. James Prothro, who was a licensed dentist, who managed the Phillies during World War ii. Love that. Step up. That guy had to manage the team because everyone was playing, was fighting the Nazis. Yeah. And then it's Pedro Gral stepped up. That's insane. I'm not the step coach. I'm the coach that stepped up. Yeah. It's it, it's one of my great regrets in life. Yeah. Not fading the White Sox every single day this year. What would you If you at the start of this losing streak If.


you had bet a hundred bucks on 'em and then you let it ride. What would that total be? I dunno. Someone's gonna have that stick. We're not math guys. That's gonna make Us really bummed out. Yeah. 21, I think is the record. Yeah. So what are they at 19 now? No, they're at 20. They're at 20 now. Yeah, They're at 20 I Every time I see this happen, I just think of how much more money I would have. They're so bad. It's like getting to a point too, where they're basically circling the, the rotations where I think they played the twins. I think they just finished playing the twins. Or maybe they were playing. Yeah, they were playing the twins this weekend. Or maybe it was during the week, but there was a game August 3rd where the last time they won a game was against Bailey Ober on the Twins.


And then they were facing Bailey Ober again. Like t you know, three weeks Later. And 60 games out is so many games, So many games out. It's ridiculous. It's 27 wins. 27 wins. And we're in, we're in August. It's insane. And then my other, who's back is, I don't know, If, you guys saw this. It was, I'm setting myself up for some insults, but there was a account called Brooks Gate that did a thread of all of the most retweeted and liked, or Yeah. Retweeted and liked tweets of all time by NFL teams. Did you guys see this? So there was some good ones in there.


The Bears, the Bears ones was welcome to the Chicago Bears. Justin Fields that hurt a little. The, the Bills and the Bengals had, it was all about DeMar sending thoughts to DeMar Cowboys. One was Jerry Jones taking a knee, which we forgot that he did that. Oh No, it's so great. Yeah. And then the one that really hurt me, Hank, you'll get a laugh out of this. The Packers one is actually, I think the oldest one on this, and it just says it's 42 to nothing Packers with 14 seconds left in quarter two. That was a game we watched together Where Aaron Rogers? That was before the juiced Twitter numbers. Yeah, that's from 2014. I don't know what the commanders want. Oh, the Commanders was when you guys broke the Steelers undefeated season.


That's right. Yeah. That was, that was a pretty worst 11. Oh team of all time. Those Steelers. Yeah. What about the Charger's pf Chang's? Ooh, I don't think the Charger's pf Chang's was on there. Patriots has gotta be a 28 to three one. The Patriots was something about Tom Brady. Oh, the Eagles one was a big time Cuck one said, Times's yours, Andy, after he won the Super Bowl in 2020. Oh, no, that's brutal. The number one liked favorited tweet by the Eagles is celebrating someone else's Super Bowl. We respect Andy. Okay. You can't, I love Andy. I'm happy that they won The Super Bowl. Can't you can't, you Can't spend That's right. No respect Yours. Patriots was Congratulations to the greatest of all time. Oh, that's another one.


That was after the Bucks won the Super Bowl. Wow. Brutal. Brutal. Yep. That's, we just Pieced that together. Big time. C Energy over there. I thought the Patriots one would be when they accidentally tweeted out a racist. Tom got us six Super Bowls. Yeah, I was just backing you up. I was like, they don't know anything about respect. The Saddest one Organizations and you're just trying to be an asshole. That's big time a CC congratulating Katie Ledecky. Yeah. Stanford University. Yeah. Oh, The, the saddest one besides obviously the one I mentioned about the Packers just shitting on the Bears was the Dolphins. Can you guess what the Dolphins one was?


It has to do with their new quarterback or their new, their new contract for their quarterback. No, Tua. No, it says Tua has been taken to a local hospital for further evaluation. He's conscious and has movement in all his extremities. Okay. So that was probably also a big prayers Up, thank God. Yeah. But that was almost like retreated was when, I think it was after he got, it was, I think it was the Bengals game when he had got really concussed. What, What did the, the Panthers be? Oh, the Panthers. Let's see. It's fun. It's a fun little trip down me memory lane. Oh yeah. The Jaguars Happy Jeans Friday. Everyone. Jaguars had a good one about just like shitting on the Steelers. I'm looking for the Panthers. I'm looking for the Panthers.


Someone gimme a line. Oh, Panthers. It was Luke Keekley retiring. Okay. Thank you. There was a lot of that. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of that. And then obviously DeMar had a lot. Okay. Huey, your who's back? Yeah, My who's back is Ohio State fans back on their bullshit after all the, after all the allegations coming out today of, of, of Coach Moore. Findings. Findings. No, It's allegations. What Were the findings? He deleted a couple text messages in regard to Connor Stallions and his possible knowledge on the situation. 52 text messages. 52. No, it's not as much as 200. And so, you know, he's just doing his, his job, his due diligence. I don't think any, and I, I know this is gonna be any, this is not gonna be a big deal pass today.


Yeah. I don't think anyone's gonna talk about this in a week from now. Yeah. So flip on the radar. Yeah. Yeah. Thank God nobody's talking about it today. They also confirmed that Connor Stallions was on a central Michigan sideline. That's good for them. That program. The Mac needs a lot of help. Yep. That program's gonna be a powerhouse With kid. Yeah. It might have been just like Michigan sharing one of their assistants. Yeah. With CMU. Yeah. Nothing inappropriate going on. We The drive up the road. We interviewed Harbaugh like a couple hours after this. We weren't gonna ask him about this. I don't know. I'm sure there'll be people like, why didn't you ask him? I we have a relationship with Coach Harbaugh. I really didn't feel like being like, Hey, putting On our big J hats. What's going on with Sharon Moore? Yeah. Listen, we're here to talk about his team right now.


Yeah. Right. And also suck his dick a little bit about Michigan also. It was an awesome interview. So I I I am still as, as crazy as the Connor Stallion story is. I still think that everyone was doing something similar and they were just mad that Michigan, like this, this all comes from Ohio State being jealous that Michigan was beating them. Yeah. And Ryan Day cre like having that firm that was wasn't his brother created A firm, something about his brother and worked up in New England somewhere. Yeah. It's the best college football story of all time. It is. And Connor Stallions is just a hilarious character. Yes. He's a he's an American hero. He is like the American dream. Hank, what are your thoughts on this as a veteran of someone who's been accused of spying on teams and as a veteran of a fan of a team who's deleted a lot text messages?


Yeah. I think you gotta get every advantage you can. I think if you're not gonna do it and other team's going to, and to, to pf I mean, to Bette's point, it, the only reason they got caught is just 'cause people were mad. They were doing it so well, They were winning. I mean, there's a chance if Ohio State, Beatle, Michigan the last two years, we don't even know Connor Stallion's name. That's true. Good point. That's good point. Huey, thank you. You acquitted yourself quite well. Okay. Should we get to our interview? Let's do it. Yeah.


Before we get to our interview with Coach Harbaugh, he's brought to you by Coors Light, the best beer in the world. Grit Week is presented by Coors Light College Football is never short on intrigue, especially when there are iconic rivals. But you can add to the excitement on Saturdays because Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for college football. Pick 'em where you pick winners each week for a chance to win cash. When the rivalries heat up, it's time to choose chill and then reach for an ice cold Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill, there's one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans. They turn blue when your beer's cold. Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Coors Light is cold, lager cold filtered, and cold packaged. I keep it chill with Coors Light. When I'm watching Monday Night Football, that's my go-to, and I also, I have a rule, I'll drink like two beers during the game, sometimes three. But then overtime you have to have overtime beers. Overtime beers will chill you out, especially If. you have a root rooting interest in it. When the college football rivalries that you're watching Heat Up, choose Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado.


And now here's Coach Harbaugh. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest, recurring guest. It is our Grit Week starter Grit Week, presented by Coors Light. It is Coach Jim Harbaugh, national champion champion back in the NFL coach. You know how Grit Week works. So you've given us this answer before, but it's been a while. How would you define grit? I would, I would define it as, you know, that that gravel in the gut and even that you personally have, that overcomes that that situation when you know, you, you doubt yourself.


You know, those pressure moments and you know, the guys that, the guys that have it, athletes who have it, men or women, whoever has it. I mean, then they are able to give their best when their best is needed most. Yeah, I like That. Overcoming a little adversity from time to time. Yeah. Do you, do you enjoy a little bit of adversity just so you can get a a, a nice little WA nice win over, like maybe your, your inner demons or whatever the case may be? Well, I mean, there's, there's like the, the level of the w would be, yeah. I mean, If, you just love a w no matter what. Yeah. I mean, I mean, you win, but Yeah, there is some, there's something, there's like even better levels like If If, you have to overcome something.


Yeah. That makes that even even better. Right. You know, for example. Yeah. That come from behind come from behind win is even, you know, nothing makes you feel better than that. Yeah. Or that win where you did it in, in an opposing stadium, you know, and you, you feel like you, you know, your, your team walked in there and you know, the fans were against you. You know, and it was just, you overcame that some tough environments that there's just no better feeling than coming out of a a with a win in a place like that. Yeah. And then If, you could throw the elements in, you know, there was some like, you know, real, real cold or real hot, real hot or you know, some, some rain coming down sideways and you feel like you overcame the elements as well, you know?


Yeah. To overcome an opponent, overcome them in their stadium and to overcome them in their stadium with the elements, then I would say Yeah. There's nothing that would make you feel more like a man than that. Yeah. Yeah. Beat the weather. Yeah. Yeah. All free, you know, beat 'em all. It's great to see you back in the NFL. I wanted to ask you though, like, how hard was that decision to go come back to the NFL leaving Michigan? You, you went there, you proved everything you, you set out to prove took a while, but it, you did it beat Ohio State three years in a row, national title. But was it, was it tough? 'cause that is, I assume, your dream job, but to then be like, I gotta leave this and come back to the NFL. Was that a tough decision?


Yeah, it, it was. I mean, I mean, I loved, loved these guys, you know? I mean, this was, you know, all the, all the players there, all the, all the guys that recruited the coaches, you know, just, just everybody. I mean, it's like, love you guys and you know, there's, there's another thing where, okay, here's here, here's a challenge. You know, here's somebody that, you know, likes what you do and, and how you do it and, and presenting you with this challenge. And whether it's a blessing or a curse. I mean, that's, that's, you know, kind of always what's been in me is like, yeah, lemme see if I'm, lemme lemme see if I'm up to that.


Yeah. And so that's, that was the, that was the overarching Yeah. I would say no, there's Always, there's only, there's only so many sands left in the hourglass, you know? Yeah. So, yeah, I want to, I want, I wanna cha I shot at that. I wanna see if, you know, we, we could let you know, see if we can stand up to that. And so yeah. It's been, it is been, it's, it's been hard. You know, man, this is, this is, this is my two great loves that I have in my life is my family at home, you know, and my family at work. And, and there's, there was that Michigan family, and also my dad lived right next door to me, right?


Yeah. In Ann Arbor. And maybe the toughest thing of all, you know, has been that, you know, they, they haven't, they haven't moved out here. Right. And hopefully they will, mom and dad, I hope you please, please, I need you living next door to us here in, in Los Angeles. But I gotta say this, this family I have here at work, I love these guys. I love these guys. And that's players, that's the coaching staff we put together. I mean, just tremendous all star staff. I know it, I know that. And the entire organization, I mean, equipment room, the ownership, you know, the trainer, the doctors, the grounds crew, I mean, everybody here, John Weed, Meyer, Christina, Marco, on and on and on the, and I finally put my finger on it, which is why, why Do, I love these, why Do, I love these everybody here so much, so fast.


Yeah. And, and it's, if I had to say one thing, it's just that everybody here treats their job. Like it's the most important job in the entire organization. And, you know, they are just, you know, double check it, triple check it, you know, they just, they just, they wanna be, they want to be so good that, you know, I, I just love that everybody, players and all are doing everything, anything and everything and their power to, to try to make this team win and be successful. Yeah. I love that. Love these guys. And now, one thing you didn't mention, which I, I would assume was part of it is your brother has a Super Bowl. Did that, did that get in your head a little?


Like, I gotta go get a Super Bowl? Yeah. I think people, you know, like would automatically think that I think it's been said and Yeah. You know, that's, that's, that's part of it. Yeah. But We know you, we know you Well, it's gotta be denying that I'm not part Yeah. I'm not, I'm not denying that. Yeah. I mean, but yeah, I gotta say that. And maybe, maybe, but, you know, I know everybody says you gotta do, you gotta do one thing first. You gotta make the first birdie before you can, you know, do Anything else. But yeah, it's, it's so good here. This entire organization, the, the Spanos family, Joe, Joe Ortiz, my brother said, I would love Joe.


That's what he said. Oh, you're gonna love Joe. You're gonna love working with Joe. He undersold it, he undersold it. I, I, I, he's the one of the best evaluators in the game. I don't think there's anybody better after going through this off season in draft with Joe Ortiz. And he's, he's, he, he is who he is every day. And he pulls the best out of people. It's just, it's just been spectacular. He could, those draft meetings we had, I mean, there, there could be like a Ted Talk of, you know, just the leadership style that, that he has. You know, he's a, he's a normal guy. He's a football guy. Yeah. You know, he's a grit, weak guy, you know. So my brother, he did say I love him.


Maybe there's, to me it's like he's still undersold it, you know, I mean, how much I'm gonna love Joe Ortiz. So, you know, that's been amazing. Just everything's amazing. If, if, if it goes good, it's gotta be because, 'cause there's everything is in place and the players that we have, and we can start talking about those guys too. Yeah. But, and if it goes bad, it'd be because I'm a bad manager. Yeah. But yeah, we're, we're chipping away at it and getting after it every day. Listen, I, I wanted you, I was very publicly wanting you to coach the Bears. I was reading it back, the, the, I sent you, I made you a video, a hype video, trying to be like, Hey, maybe I can get some kind of old flame going. And Coach Harbaugh's heart where he is like, I gotta go back to Chicago.


Your response was the nicest. Like, I don't care about this video ever. Could I read it to you? Yeah. It was the nicest ever. You wrote back, I sent you the video of you high old highlights, you in a bears uniform, all this stuff. And you said, thanks, cool. All glory to God. Sure. Do value our football and family relationships in good times. Cherish them. Thanks for caring and supporting. There are enough doubters and haters in the world. Much respect and gratitude for you and yours. Yeah. Those the nicest, I don't care about this video. That's not at all. That's not at all. No, I, I, I appreciate you both. I mean, Big, Cat, PFT commentator, I mean, there are, there's so many, there's so many young people, and I don't know everything you do and say, but what I do know is like people, there's a, there's like a whole young generation of people that like, oh, you're a football guy.


You're, you're a football guy. You know, we know you. And you know, I go and I, like, I asked a couple of like, you know, like, do you know me? I mean, what do you Well, we watch, you know, we watch Big, Cat and PFT comedy. So I appreciate, I appreciate You're An ultimate Football guy. All the wonder, all the wonderful things you've said about our family. Yeah. So I, I met, I meant every word of that. And, and I know my brother John feels the same way. Yeah. And, and my dad, Jack who, Jack Harbaugh, who's doing great, I mean, moved to Be out to La Motel a Jack. Yeah. Come on, please. Are you sitting, are you sitting in like, links to houses? Are you looking at real estate? And you're like, Hey, look at this basement.


This one's got a pool. Yeah. You know, it's a great question. I mean, it just, great question. Thanks. With the, with the, with the, you know, there's a, there's, there's strategy. I'm always thinking of, of the, of the, of the way to do this. Now when, when I went from San Francisco to Michigan, one of the last things I said, dad, you know, what, what do you think I should do here? You know, what do you think I should do? And he thinks, I, I think you should go back to Michigan and, and, and Coach Michigan. And I said, okay, well if I do that, you're gonna, you're gonna come, right? You're gonna come to Ann Arbor and you're gonna, you're gonna, you're gonna help me coach. And he said, the last thing he said is that he would, and, and I, I got him, you know, I got him saying that.


And then it took a full 12 months before he actually did. You know. So I'm hopeful. I'm hopeful that, you know, that, that, that we will find a way here in a year. And Yeah. I'll, I'll do anything. I'll, you know, just buy a house next to next to my house. I got You got this new facility. Just get in a house in the facility. Just get a whole, you know, find a, build an apartment in here. Find a role for him here. Yeah. Yeah. Like special, special advisor. It sounds like I it's a really cool relationship that you have with 'em. And it's awesome. And my mom, it's my mom too. I mean, yeah. My mom's the greatest ever. And, you know, between my mom and my dad Yeah. Just, and the relationship they have with our kids.


I mean, there was, there's so many times, I mean, living right next door to their grandparents. I mean, my kids would, would be down there and, you know, my dad would take kids to school. He would go to their games, you know, the, the conversations, you know, driving, you know, my son Jack to his baseball games, me and my dad watching baseball games. Like we were at the Church of Baseball, you know, in the, in the summertime. Watching, watching games on Sunday. That, I mean, that was just, just, just priceless. I mean, I just got to the point where, you know, I'm, I'm taping those, those, those conversations.


That's my favorite part is the ride to the game and the ride back. Yeah. Okay. You know, just talking to, talking to Jack, or to Addie, or to Katie or to Johnny. I love those conversations. I, I really don't even care that much. What happens during the game. I mean, the best time for me is the ride too, and the ride back. And my dad would be right there, you know? Yeah. You know, so often it's just the three of us doing that. It's just, it's priceless. Yeah. It's, it's, it's completely priceless. Well, unless You catch a foul ball at the game, that's probably better. Right. That's good too. Good. Are you still wearing A glove? That's Oh, yeah. Absolutely. You, you gotta wear a glove when you go to m lb. Yeah. Yeah. I always wear a glove. I mean, that's like, your chances improved dramatically.


I do If you have a glove at a baseball game. There's no question about it. Success Is when preparation meets opportunity. Right. Yeah. I just gotta change. I, I mean, it's just, I've, I've only gotten one foul ball. I've got 22 career foul balls, like legitimately in a game, a foul ball, a home run. but it happened like during the game, not batting practice before. I don't count those. So, but, and I really probably, I've only gotten one in the last 10 years. Oh. Some people are saying you've fallen off. Yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's, it's, I, I've done it to myself. Really. I mean, I get, I go on a lot of games. Bob Melvin's a really good friend of mine, played on the same, you know, team.


What do you call, what's American Legion team? Okay. When we were in high school. He was a couple years older, but, and he was the star player and I wasn't. But anyway, he's been great to me. And it just went to the Angels game. I mean, they were great to me. You know, Padres, I guess know some people there. They get me the tickets, they get me are too good. Oh, they're too good. Yeah. They're, they're in a spot where you just, I mean, your percentage of getting a foul ball is, I mean, it would have to like, you would like have to And The nets now. Yeah. The Nets, it would have to hit off and then bounce back. So You gotta ask for worse tickets. I gotta get worse tickets. You gotta Get worse tickets gotta get left field. You gotta Be behind the beaches. I mean, I'm in a suite and the only chance I got is if the, if the ball were to come through the suite, you know, just over, just over the, are you Bringing it up to the suite?


Yeah, I'm ready. I'm ready. But I mean, I'm just not, I'm not putting myself in position to be in position. Yeah. We Gotta get that. We gotta get that fixed. Gotta gotta get 22 and then only one in the last 10 years that's fallen off. I know. I gotta get, I gotta get to some better, I gotta get to some better spots. When You said that you, you tape your conversation. Were you being literal? Do you, do you record your conversations that you have with your family? Yeah. Yeah. And I don't even, I mean, I don't even listen to 'em right afterwards, but I'm just keeping 'em, I'm just keeping 'em, I, I didn't start doing that. That's, yeah. I'd say just, I just want 'em for, you know, for, you know, maybe, you know, just some, some time down the Yeah. Down the road that those, those those rides to the car. Listen to them talk about the game or, you know Yeah.


What they were doing or the excitement of Yeah. You know, like that they had, it's the best. Yeah. And I always got get my, I now I gotta call my dad and I, I got, you know, to be taping it. Taping it, and, which is I can do 'cause it comes through the, comes through the car. Yeah. But yeah, that was just, that's just priceless. Those are, that's, that's just priceless moments. Yeah. And, and my mom too. She's, I mean, she's just, they just give this wisdom and, and stuff that if, yeah, if I don't write it down, I'm gonna forget it. But yeah, my mom's, my mom actually is giving me the best advice I've ever gotten as a player or a coach. And that is, you know, it's one play at a time. One game at a time, one day at a time.


And she texts me that every before, every single game. Like the morning of every game. I mean, I need that text. Yeah. That, that, that's, that's a, it's a reminder. There's one play at a time. One game at a time. One day at a time. Yeah. So a, a football question here, obviously it's new. You guys just got started not too long ago here in, in la. But is there anything that's changed, anything big that's changed in the NFL from the way that you did business back on the Niners compared to now? Whew. That's a great question. I've been asked it a few times by, by lots of people from, from the time I played from, or the time I coached at the Niners to now, I would say probably the biggest change is 2013, 14.


I didn't think the NFL could get any bigger than it already was. I didn't think it could be any more popular than it, than it already was or that, you know, but it's doubled. It is. It is two x at least in popularity. And, you know, you can see in in what the, what the, the salary cap is twice as much. And just the popularity of the game of football. I mean, it's, it's, it's awesome. And, and right around that time too, just, and the reception of football too, and, and the fun that everybody has and the popularity. I saw it firsthand. And back then there you, there was, there was a football had a little bit of a, I mean, it had a bit of a crisis back then, you know, with, you know, is it too dangerous?


Is it too, too much of a, a, a sport that, you know, the, that a mother wouldn't want their their son to play? And, you know, and then I went into college ranks in 2015, and I saw, you know, just growing from there. And everywhere I went around the country, it's like, well, football, football, it's popular. It's never been as popular still, you know, it's like, and it was, it just, and, and a lot of the rule changes have been good. I mean, it's definitely, it's definitely a safer game. Yeah. You know, the horse collars out the, the blows to the head. I mean, some of the, these rules of engagement, you know, are, are so good and so much better. And, you know, player safety is, is the, is the most important thing.


But I, I just see it coming, coming back and they're doing, they're doing all the right things. And, you know, the Commissioner Goodell has done a fabulous job. Brian olap, I don't know If, you know, him, he's another, another great great guy at the NFL, you know, very high up. I had a chance to, to coach his son Will at Michigan. And I mean, there's, there's this fabulous people that have made this league and, and everybody's made it. And, you know, the, the players, there's no question they're bigger, stronger, faster, smarter. No question about that.


You know, we, us older players, guys who played a long time ago, they, we still maybe say, are they tougher? Are they tougher? I don't know. I have no, you know, so it's all subjective. Yeah. You know. Yeah. We probably aren't as tough as these guys are because they're, you know, they're just so much more harder to break, you know? 'cause the way they train it's coach. Yeah, yeah. You know, and Coach Herbert and, and others, you know, just, and just, just their, you know, passion, love, and desire for the game is, is, is at an all time high as well. I'll tell you a quick story. Zion Johnson, who is our starting left guard, he had a root canal at two o'clock.


I think he got done at like 2, 2 30, you know, and was out to practice, practice, you know, didn't miss a rep. And then we do, we did conditioning at the end, you know, we say, Hey, if you're in a lead condition, go on this sideline. A if you're in good condition, you know, go on sideline B, if you're in average condition, you know, go on sideline C. And he went to a, and, you know, led the group, led the offensive, excuse me, led the offensive lineman. It's just like, okay, who would've done that? Yeah. I mean, I mean, most normal human beings probably would've taken a week off Who weren't Yeah.


You know, year most football players, you know, most all football players would at least taken a couple days Yeah. You know, of their root canal. Yeah. And, and just about all would've at least taken that practice off, you know? Yeah. An hour or so after. So, I mean, I can't even say that we, we were tougher back then. So what's, what's really changed? And the equipment's changed and the equipment is, is much better. But I think, you know, still the, still the same is, is the, the work ethic and, you know, the passion to be good and, you know, get really good at, at what you do, get good at football, get good at your craft.


So a couple things have changed, but I think more things are, more things are the same. Yeah. Yeah. You left that one small detail about, you know, the game has grown so much since like 20 15, 20 16, a little podcast called, part of my take started in 2016, Came on the scene With the mission to grow the game. How much did that rise? Raise the Tide. Yeah. Roger's gonna check. We always say grow the game. That's the big thing for us. So Yeah. Goodell, Well take a Deep, long bow. I, I believe that. Okay. There's no doubt. I mean, no, We on the next play, we're on the next play. You guys are, That's good. We don't, But sometime, you know, Hey, you can't say it, but let, allow me to say it. Yeah. There's no question about it. There's, you know, yeah. Like I said, I mean, all of a sudden I got, you know, like got, got kind of got kind of popular, you know, people in their, you know, late teens or twenties and, and football guy.


No one, no One knew what football was until part of my Take started. Yeah, that's exactly, I I, I can personally vouch for you. 'cause I asked like several people and players, my own players were like starting to look at me like I was cool, you know, like I started calling myself cool Jim. Like, these guys think Cool, Cool, Jim. Love that. Cool Jim. Yeah. I'm cool Jim. Now and I, I in big part to, to you two. We Appreciate that. Yeah. I appreciate, I appreciate I appreciate you. Yeah. I love that. So what about the new kickoff rule? Are you ready for it Now? You're former player, Sam Schwartzstein was the one who came up with this idea with the XFL am My man. Yeah. He Are creative. A creative Mind.


Sam actually sent me, I asked him, 'cause you know, we, we've known Sam for a really long time and I think he actually helped us the first time we had you on back in Michigan in 2017. Yeah. So I asked him if he had any training camp stories. He said that you have three rules. I don't know, If, you still have these three rules for training camp. So you can tell me. He said the first rule was no cupcake, which is talk, talking with your girl on the phone during bed. Check number two is never cut the chow line. And num number three is never bear ass. Another man's stool that Are, those Are, Those are, those are three rules still in existence. Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. That's a rule. We had to make that a rule. Yeah.


Never, never bear ass. Another bear ass. No. He also said that you, you once told him that you, you know What's, it's amazing. The thing about that is, is that the guys are listening. Yeah. You know, but they, that that, Sam remembers that. Yeah. Oh yeah. You know, that's cool. He told us, he told, because sometimes you, you talk to him and they're like, are they even listening? Yeah. Are they gonna get any of this stuff? He Told us a great story that when you first got to Stanford, you, you stripped Stanford of all the like, traditions and everything. 'cause you're like, I, you guys are losers and I have to figure out what makes you losers and then we'll build you back up. I don't ever, I, I don't, I, you know, I can't, it Sounds like you might have, and you then built them back up just trying to find the common denominator of what, what is, what is wrong with this?


Okay. So we have to make, make it better. Yeah. I mean, just the, just the traditions that weren't helping us win Right. Is the ones I remember. Yeah. They, they, how is that helping us to do that? And, and one of 'em, I mean, one of them was like, if they had, like, you know, because I, I always have this, I mean, there's no fighting. There's a no fighting, pun punching, you know, rule. You know, one, it's gonna get us a 15 yard penalty to ever to ever punch another man. But like, I mean, let's think about, I mean, the intelligence of punching a guy who's wearing a helmet or, you know, a face mask.


I mean, you will do nothing to him other than, you know, break your, break your own hands. Yeah. So, yeah. That, that was a rule. Then, you know, the ingenious Stanford guys, you know, they decided that they were going to, since we, they couldn't fight, you know, and throw punches on the field that they would take it into the locker room and they would make a circle and they would make the two guys fight in the locker room. So Yeah. I got wind of that and, and that tradition done Ceases Yeah. To exist. Yeah. You know, and some of the other south mor things that, you know, that weren't helping us. Yeah. They, we had, yeah.


The Stanford, the, the Stanford walk was another one that Yeah. That I, i, I took off was, which was, you know, kind of like Right. The last minute before like, team warmups and we were walking, we're walking kinda like a half a mile in full equipment and, you know Yeah. Let's not do that. Yeah. Yeah. Let's, how, how do we do this? We make our locker room at the stadium better, you know, and we, you know, we walk over in the, in the sweatsuit, kept the walk. Yeah. You know, we walking by the, the grove there and the, you know, shaded nice, you know? Yeah. Leisurely stroll instead of, you know, being in full equipment for, for a 15 minute walk. Yeah. I think that's a better idea.


Yeah. I wouldn't Wanna do that. No. And the other one, I, I think it changed too, was, you know, we were playing UCLA my first game ever at Stanford, and we're on the visitor sideline, you know, staring right into the sun. And it was, at least, I'm looking at this going, that's about 20 degrees cooler on that other side where the press box is. And we're here in the, we're in the sun for, you know, a good solid three quarters, you know? Yeah. Until the sun goes down. Until we got any relief. Yeah. So, well, we couldn't do that because, you know, the band had to be in the opposite side and, and, or some, you know, that was the thing.


Oh, we just move the, here's what we do. We just move to the band, to the other corner and Yeah. The Little thing. Yeah. Just get us in the shade. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the season ticket cold, like, they're gonna love having their own team on their sidelines. Yeah. You know, so, And they love Winning football. Yeah. Those were, those were the traditions. I, I remember some of the, some of the silly, there was some silly stuff. And then there was some, just some good practical stuff to, to try to help us, us win. Make winners


Quick break from Coach Harbaugh to talk to you about coffee. Still blue coffee. You gotta get it. It's the best. It is. We have cold brew, we have cups, we have whole beans, we have grounds. We have two new cold brew flavors. Blueberry muffin, cold brew, put a little bit of milk in it sets the flavor off. And we have cinnamon sugar donut still. Blue Coffee is the best. And we're helping dogs. We're actually about to reach, I think, a hundred thousand dollars that we've donated to Paws Chicago because we've been helping dogs with every box, every bag of still blue coffee that you buy. So go buy it right now. Still blue coffee.com. The cold brew, I cannot stress enough is delicious. I put a, I have a big jug that I put in my refrigerator. I make cold brew on Sundays. I have it all week. It's super easy. So treat yourself this summer and visit sell blue coffee.com to grab your limited edition bags. A blueberry muffin and cinnamon sugar donut, flavored cold brew today. Use a onetime promo code PMT 20 for 20% off any order of $25 or more@stillbluecoffee.com PMT 20 for 20% off any order of $25 or more on still blue coffee.com and save some dogs.


Okay. Back to Jim Harbaugh. I also, I, I had never heard this story, and I'd love to hear your, your, your telling of it. It, but you created a, a rivalry flag against when you were at San Diego. Yeah, that's true with Dayton. 'cause we, we love this. This is Yukon and UCF had this where Bob Dco just created a trophy outta thin air. Yeah. And UCF never said like, Hey, we're playing for this trophy. You kind of did the same thing with San Diego and Dayton, where you just created a flag and you're like, this is what we're playing for. Any other coach was like, what? What are you talking about? Yeah. Yeah. That happened. Yeah. What, What made you do that? What did the other coach say when you told him like, Hey, we're actually playing for this.


We hadn't beaten dating in 10 years, and we were like, man, we, this is the team. We gotta this is the team we gotta beat. You know, we gotta this, if we wanna win the championship, they won. They're winning it. Every year. We be, we better, you know, we better, you know, set our sights to get, and if we can get playing at their level, then good chance we'll be able to, to beat the other ones. So that was kind of the idea. And it was just like, eh, we don't have any like, trophy games. There's no trophy. I mean, you come from the Big 10 where there's, there's trophies Every, every week's A trophy game. Stanford. Yeah. I mean, you have the ax, you know, it was just a, that was just a cool thing. So we didn't have that.


And I said, by golly, we're gonna make a, make a trophy here for the USD Dayton game. So I just, I don't know where it came from. It's just one of those ideas came up with, let's make a flag, a big old flag that was half SD and half Dayton. So we made it, and we had won the year before. So I said, Hey, we made, we, I just told our own guys, Hey, we, we made this trophy flag. You guys won it. Yeah, he did. So that whole, that whole week of practice, we had the, we had the flag, and I've never remember. I've never so cool. Tim Dau, who was our offensive coordinator at the time, you know, we took our bus to the San Diego airport and he had, he had the great idea of he was on the curve, you know, waving the flag as we were flying commercial.


Yeah. You know, at USD. Anyway, fast forward to the game. We're at Dayton now, and, you know, we, we had the flag like it, we had put it right behind our bench, you know, and secured it with some, some tape and stuff. And it's lapping back there. And yeah. So we won the game and run across and, Hey, Mike, you know, good game. And you're probably wondering what that flag is that they're, that our guy, and now our guys are out, like carrying it around and doing stuff with it. They said, I said, we made this flag outta respect for the, the rivalry between USD and Dayton.


I, since we just won this one, we'll keep it, you know. But next year, If, you guys win. And you know, it'd be, it'd be yours. Yeah. Be Honest. You should have called you about this, but I, And Then you won it again. Yeah. Right. You never, you never gave up the flag when you were there. No, no, no. We, yeah, we, we, we won it. You If you had lost that game though. That first rivalry game with the flag. Would you have given him the flag? Oh, I didn't make it till after we won. The first one won, Then he made it. Right. I won it. Right. You it, then you Made it. And then really used that as like motivation for the next year. But then you go to Dayton and you've got the flag. He doesn't know that you've got the flag If, you lose. He doesn't know.


I had the flag. And I guess for our own purposes, we were using it. We didn't wanna motivate them to think that there was a Flag. They didn't know it was a flag game. Yeah. They didn't know this was a flag, A flag game. Yeah. Yeah. So that is, I would, I would love to know where that flag is right now. Maybe You do, if somebody has that. I would, I would buy that. I would buy, buy Red flag. What I red was Dayton won it the year after you left. And then they took it, and then it never came back then Again. Then, yeah. I think, I think the two coaches after that got it. Just mean anything now. It didn't mean anything to, you know, and, and I think, I think it ended up in Coach's garage. Somebody said that it was like, he was, we gotta find this. I, I think he, I think I read an article where, where Mike was using it to, to to, to rake leaves onto his Maybe maybe As a leaf collector, maybe we make somebody, somebody out there probably has this flag.


I would be, I would be interested buying that Flag we can find. But maybe we, maybe we make the flag here. Yeah. You got a rivalry against Kansas City. Yeah. They're kind of like what Dayton was doing. They've been on fire. We do a, a flag game that level. We do a Chargers chiefs flag Game. Maybe we'll do it in our studio. We'll just flip it over back And forth, you guys. Yeah. Yeah. You guys have done stuff Cool. Stuff like that. Yeah. We Can make you the flag. So, but PFD asks a good question. If, you had lost that second game. Would you have given them the flag they didn't even know existed? I would've, yes. Okay. That's good. That's, I Would would've given them that flag That they didn't know Existed. I would've, yes. Yes. Just handed It to him. Like, here you Go. Yeah. I can tell you. I said, yeah, we made this flag. You won. Now it's your flag. And we'll play for this.


We'll play for this every year. Yeah. Yeah, coach, I would've, I would've done that. I Love it. Last time we sat down and talked to you And There's no tougher thing than having to give. Yeah. Yeah. So your rival Yeah. That, that, that feeling of giving the brown jug, you know? Yeah. Fortunately didn't have, well, as a player I did. Yeah. When I was playing, but coaching, we didn't have to, we didn't have to give that up the Yeah. The, the Paul bunion. Yep. We had to give Michigan State that. Yep. Yeah. That, that time. Oh, that one game. Not bringing it up. It's not bringing up How Long did it take you to, I mean, that was just, I'm not fully over that. I'm not fully, I'm not, not fully over that. Yeah. We got a punt block with 10 seconds left in the game.


Yeah. It's left a indelible. That was insane bruise there. Yeah. That was, I mean, one of the, I mean, top five worst thing that's ever happened to me in my life, you know, It's good life, man. Was that, That's top five. We carry those scars With us. That's top five. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, it led to some, you know Yeah. Led to you limiting that, eliminating that, that pro that college punt, you know, that spread punt. Yeah. That's, yeah. It looks like every time they do it, The how are they gonna block this? Yeah. We're not gonna do the spread punt ever again. Yeah. We're going back, we're going back good old fashioned pro, pro style punting. Yes. Yes. From here on out. Yes.


And our Yeah. Punter's gotta be at 14 yards. You can't be at 16 yards. You, you could tell this one bothers you. Yeah. I mean, you think of all the, all the, yeah. I, I play that scenario out quite a bit. Yeah. But it, it helps you get better. Yeah. You evolve. Yeah. One thing you evolved on was you used to be anti chicken. Yeah. A fact tune on chickens. That's a fact. 'cause it was a nervous little bird. And when I heard you talk about it, I was like, you know what? He's right. You are what you eat. Right? Yeah. So you gain the energy of the animal. If it's a nervous bird, that's going to be bad for my, my fast twitch muscles. Yeah. But then you change your tune on it. Change back. Yeah. Because You admire, you respect chickens now, right?


Correct. So what, What flipped the switch for you? Getting chickens? Raising chickens from chicks and, and the respect I have for chickens. I mean, I, I really, the, I mean, I almost put, I mean, you probably gotta put bees a little bit above. Yeah. Above chickens. Yeah. But I mean, I, they're in the why bees the same ball. Huh? Why bees above chickens? Because they pollinate probably, what, 80% of the world's food? Yeah. You know? Anyway, people are gonna look at this and go, this guy's, this guy's weird or something. Makes sense. No, I know. No, but here's the whole, the, the entire thing was Brian Jennings, who I love dearly.


He was our, he was our long snapper at the, the San Francisco 49 ERs. And he was, he was one of those players I just had to talk to every day. Gotta be around and just, you know, get his, get his insights on, on life and, and things. And he had this great breakfast that he would eat, and it was just, it was steak on toast. And, you know, he protein, he getting his carbohydrates and it really tasted good. And I, I started, you know, doing it that way. And then one day I, I, you know, I had chicken. I was eating a chicken something, chicken sandwich or something like that. And, and he goes, yeah, he really shouldn't eat chicken. And then he, he, he was the one who explained to me that chicken chickens were a nervous bird.


And it was, it was part of their, their immune system. And their nervous system was just, you know, you could probably make that case, you know, with the pecking and Yeah. And, and, and things. But, and I, yeah, I kind of maintained that, you know, chicken's a nervous bird, you know, and kind of bought, really bought into what, what Brian was, was saying. He had this whole like, thing documented how, you know, when, when United States went from meat eaters, you know, meat consumption mainly to a higher rate of chicken consumption, that, that, you know, nervousness went up, You know, that's Great.


You're gonna have to get to Brian James. We Gotta talk about correlation and causation just a Little bit. Yeah. Get To get with Brian maybe, and maybe he could explain it. But I bought into it up until the point where it was the pandemic. It was Easter. And, you know, I went to Tractor Supply, got eight chicks, you know, right in the box. And, and we raised them and, and the kids loved them for about a month. And then after that, it was me exclusively taking care of them. And yeah. Just, just the production that they have. I mean, it is an egg every 26 hours, you know, and, you know, they're, they're, they're low maintenance.


I mean, they're not high maintenance. I mean, that's, it's low maintenance and high production with the chicken. And, and there were some times in there, you know, where, you know, I, I actually felt like the chickens liked me and liked seeing me. And, and I, I went to a lot of, you know, to make their life, you know, better and kept their, kept their, kept their pen, you know, like Yeah. Good. You know, and yeah, enjoyed, enjoyed working with them, with the chickens and yeah, it was a huge, It was huge relief for us Chicken again. Yeah. Because we stopped eating chicken when you told us not to eat chicken. Yeah. Go back. I was wrong. We're good. I was wrong. I, I think I, I was dead wrong.


I like that. Yeah. I was dead wrong. You evolved. So what are you on now? What's, what's the latest thing that you're fascinated by? Or, or something that you're, you think you're ahead of the curve with and insight into life or nature? I Just like living that strenuous life of like, you know, you just always trying to think and always trying to, trying to have an idea or work or, you know, just feel like you, you know, you just, you just gotta go and, you know, love being on my feet. Love, love doing stuff. You know? I mean, I'm love thinking of something and then doing it. Yeah. I mean, we'll see, I'll, I'll, I'll let you know if something works or, or if it doesn't. But yeah, just, I don't know, just, just that feeling that, you know, you just gotta, you can't slow down and, you know, in a moment's notice, you know, something, something could change.


So just kind of keep going about it that way. Are we still watching SpongeBob and respecting everything SpongeBob does? Yeah. Not as much. Not as much. 'cause you know, my kids older, my youngest guy Older. Yeah. Older. Yeah. My youngest guy is, you know, he, he's, he's more on the, he's evolved more to the YouTube and, you know, d different different daredevil things Yeah. That are on that are we worried People Screaming, you know, because they, What the heck are we worried? His work ethic's gonna be a little off that he hasn't have SpongeBob as a someone he can look up to. Because you, you, you told us when we, I think it was maybe the second time you're on that SpongeBob, like he's a, he's a someone he's a hero. Look up To Yeah. He's a, he's a hero.


There's, there's no doubt about it. I mean, when you talk about attacking each day with an enthusiasm unknown to mankind. Yeah. That's, that's, that's SpongeBob And it's, it's a, it's a, it's unknown to mankind, you know? Yeah. It's not of mankind. It's Right. You know, that's, it's sponge. It's, yeah. Yeah. And somebody, I mean, I'm, I'm, yeah, I think that enthusiasm comes from, you know, from God. It's like that Jesus juice, you know? And I just, I had that, that, you know, something you'd get at a good sermon, you know, where you feel it, really feel it, you know? And, and I, and I feel it in a, in a, in a good sermon at church, but also from football, I get that kind, that kind of juice, you know, that kind of, that love of the game from football as well.


Is that Like training camp being back, like just the pads being on, is that something that like the first day where you're like, man, this is, this is where I should be, this is, this is the feeling that I need. Yeah. Yeah. Without a doubt. Yeah. I always, I get that, I always get that feeling, you know, and it's, as a player, I got it. And it's not as good as a coach, you know, that, that, but it's the next best thing, you know? But I get it as a coach. Yeah. I mean, and I, I don't know, I just, some people say it's like, it's not worth to find you and you know, it, it shouldn't be. I, I understand that, that that difference, you know, that case.


But I, I actually like myself better, you know, when I'm, you know, like when I played, you know, like the, you put on that armor, you put on that helmet, you put on that jersey, you know, you look in the mirror and go Jim, Harbaugh football player, you know, like, you know, today's the day. I mean, great things are great things are gonna happen. Yeah. You know, somebody says, have a nice day. And I say, well, that, that seems a little risky. I, I think I'm just gonna make it a, you know, great day. Yeah. You know, or take the try out of it. And, you know, and I, and when I put on that, when I put on that, that, that uniform, I mean, it felt like putting on a, you know, Superman, you know, kind of a, kind of a Yeah, yeah.


Cape. Yeah. You know, If, you will. So, and I, I still get some of that from coach, you know, from coaching, you know, put on my outfit and my hat and, you know, get my whistle and coaching football today. Yeah. I mean, you gotta, you gotta rise to that. You gotta, you know, rise to that challenge. We Had a debate when we were watching you in the national title game, seeing how jacked up you were on the sideline before the game. Yeah. We thought that if they had, if the NCAA allowed it, you could have put on pads and probably played that whole game. Do you think you could, could've gotten out there and, and been like, you know what, I'm just gonna quarterback today, I'm ready to go. No, no. And even, even the feeling of like winning that game.


I mean, it was, it was so, it was so good. but it, it's, it's not even, it's, it's long past being for myself, you know, it's like I could see JJ McCarthy or Blake Corrum or any one of those players, you know, this is their opportunity to be a champion to go undefeated for them to know that. And for their mom and dad, you know, for Jim and Meghan McCarthy to know that their son is a champion for each of those parents, uncles, grandparents like that, they get to feel that joy of, of, of their son or their grandson, or their friend, whatever it is. And for themselves to know like, you did that.


Yeah. Pull it down or pull it in. But you did that. And that's, that's where all the joy is, where all the joy comes from, is, is, is, is them experiencing that. Yeah. And that, that game was an ass kicking. That was, that was a beautiful thing to watch. At what point in the game did you realize they're not stopping us? I mean, that's my goal. My goal is that, that, you know, we, we get ahead, we stay ahead. You know, we get so far ahead that I can't screw it up. And I guess when Mikey yeah, when Mikey Santo, you know, picked off that pass and then, and returned it, you know, 50 yards. Yeah. Hey, we're gonna win this if we don't screw up this, you know?


Yeah. If we don't give a kickoff return here, you know, and, and that kind of thing. Or we don't. So yeah. I guess the, you know, you never, you never really feel that until it's, until your, your team has taken a, taken a knee in, in victory, you know? Yeah. But I don't know, somewhere, somewhere along the line of I felt it. And, you know, it's, it's, that's one of those feelings, you know, that's, it's not gonna wash off in the shower, you know? No, that's, that, that's, that stays with you. That's, that stays with you. And it was crazy watching Michigan this year. It was just like the, like the tackling, the physicality, the running, the football, it was just, it, it felt like it was a perfect team built in your mold. Like, even we were talking to Coach Herbert about, you know, the Penn State game, which I know you were watching on tv, but like, you know, running the football down their throat and being like, you can't stop this.


We're gonna keep running. It had to have felt like everything I've wanted in a football team. Yeah. I mean, this is the only part that I'm uncomfortable with is like, that that team was in my mold or something like that. I mean, these guys were so much better than, than I, than I was and, and so much, so much more connected, you know, than just about any, any team I'd ever been on. So, unselfish, you know, I mean, you talk about adversity, I mean, you know, the, they overcame it at every point. I mean, it got to the point where, you know, it was, it was white noise, you know? And, and then it, to, to the point where you couldn't even hear it, you know?


And that, that mean not all came from their parents and their families that had poured all that into 'em. And it came from them, you know, who they, who the who they were. And they just kept, kept getting better at, at, at being them, you know? And they never got a big head. And it was, it was, it was tremendous. And, you know, to the extent of, like, the other thing people say is like, oh, you've, you've won everywhere you've been or this and that kind of stuff. It's only 'cause you have good players. I mean, there is no good coaches with bad players. Yeah. I mean, it's all about the players. And, you know, I learned that from, from Dave Adolph when I was a young coach, the great Dave Adolf, when I put up a rush Mount Rushmore of, you know, coaches, I mean, if I'm going to the very tip top, I mean, it's, it's Jack Harbaugh, it's John Harbaugh, it's Dave Adolph, Beau Schembechler.


I mean, those four are, are right. The, at the very top. And he said that, I said, Dave, how do, how do we make this team USD? How do you know? How do we get better? He goes, he goes, you gotta get better players. And and he said, there's only two ways. There's only two ways to do that. I mean, you gotta coach 'em better, or you gotta recruit better players, you know, pro football, you gotta, you gotta co coach 'em better or you know, we gotta, you gotta, you know, you gotta gotta acquire players, you know? Yeah. Through the, through the draft, et cetera. It's just, but yeah, there's, there's no, there's no, you can't be a good coach without, without great players.


Yeah. I obviously left Tom cre off your Mount Rushmore of coaches. Tom Cree is, is right there. He's at the top, Top Ross Too. Yes. Yes. There's no question about it. Tom Crane, Jack Harbaugh, John Harbaugh, Dave Adolph, Boche, Beckler. And I said, those four football coaches, coaches, now we're going to just straight coaches. Yeah. Tom Crane is, is standing right there next to those four. He would look great on rush. Four great coaches that I met. Huh? He would look great on Mount Rushmore, Tom Crane. He would Yes. Yes. Got a good tan. And we'll put you on there too. Yeah. You can be on there. 'cause you can't be far away from your dad or your brother.


Well, you gotta win a Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. That hurt a little. It's good. It motivates me. Yeah. Yeah. There's More you gotta do. There's more you gotta do. Absolutely. You got 'em on Thanksgiving week this week, this year, right? What's that? Thanksgiving week this year? I think Monday night Football before Thanksgiving. November 25th. You know the date. Exactly. Yes. Absolutely know the date. And there's a little backstory why I know that date so well. 'cause that's gonna be my parents' 63rd wedding anniversary. Oh, wow. That was neat. By the NFL 63. No, I think it's great by the NFL. It's just, yeah. That's what there's, they're so good at stuff like that. The last time John and I played a regular season game was 2011. It was a Thursday night game.


It was on Thanksgiving, and the date was November 25th. Wow. They know what they're doing in 2011. They know what they're doing. They know what they're, what they're doing. So it's all there. Yeah. It's, are mom and dad gonna be at the game? Yeah, they'll be, they'll be a team. Have to be God willing. And the creek don't rise. Yeah. Jack and Jackie Harbaugh will be there. Yeah. That's great. I, I got a couple fact or fiction real quick, rapid fire, because you didn't speak to the media in Indianapolis for the combine, but you had so many players at the combine. So there was a story I read where they asked players for stories about you as a coach. Did you ever get a haircut during a recruiting visit in the player's living room? Yes.


Sage Morgan's house. No, wait, Fred Mcg McGregor, Fred McGregor's house. His Mom was a hairstylist. And you just were like, Hey, I needed what happened there? Yeah, I got, I got, I got a haircut. I needed one. I needed one. I've been on the recruiting trail for I'm sorry about that. Yeah. That was no. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was, that was Braden's mom and yeah, it was great haircut. Yeah. We also, they also was a story from Michael Barrett that Braden also got me the tattoo. Oh Yeah, that's Right. He didn't do it, but his, his guy did. Yeah. That you were on the recruiting trail and hungry and you went to Michael Barrett's house and you ate an entire pizza yourself.


I, it might've been pretty hungry. I mean, doesn might have happened. Yeah. Okay. And then the last one was Josh Wallace said that he came in one day and you were in the ice tub full khakis and polo. Yeah. That, These are great stories. I don't, I don't see the problem with it. No, I don't see the problem with that. You just finish your workout, get in the ice ice bath. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. And these are, I mean, these are, they're, they're almost like, I mean, they're ath like, like athletic pants. Yeah. Are you, are you getting away from the khakis? Or would the khakis be regular Season? I mean, just the color. I just wanted to change it up sometimes and not be, you know, but What's gonna happen when the regular season starts, Starts, they're the same pant as the khaki.


Okay. But I just, but is This gonna be the color during the regular season? I've, I've gone darker lately. Yeah. Okay. Just it's the, it's the new me. These are things we need to know before. Yeah. Because these are important things. I've gone darker the last three years. Okay. The last three years I've gone to the, the blue. The blue. I mean, they're still khaki. Yeah, that's true. But they're just The colors. It's the colors different. It's new me. That's your big change. Yeah. I don't, you don you don't wanna get, like, you don't wanna get stale. Yeah. Yeah. You Gotta change your khaki color. Yeah. You don't wanna be like, I don't mind you over, You don't wanna be like, burnt meat or over Right fruit. Yeah. Then people expect it and then you gotta you gotta change it up because then they'll start game planning for the khakis. Yeah. You gotta change it up. Yeah. Yeah. I don't mind you wearing 'em in the cold tub either you're gonna wash 'em at the end of the day. Right. Like those pants, they've outlived their usefulness for that day.


Might as well just get 'em wet right then. Yeah. I mean, I don't, I don't see, I don't see the problem. Yeah. I Don't see a problem at all. There's no problem. Yeah. They're pretty good at the, I mean, yeah, I've, I, I've loved how you're, you're discussing players in the, the health concerns with the media. 'cause you've got a, a phrase that you go back to. They're working through something. Yeah. Which I think is a very, is you can use that for anything. So I'm just gonna start saying that about myself. Yeah. We're all working through something. Right? Because it's like a game of poker that you have to play sometimes where you don't wanna give up too much to the media. But If you say we're working through something, then they're working through something. It's just a matter of I'm not qualified. I, I'm not qualified to say anything more than they're working through something.


I mean, there's, I don't have a medical degree. I may look at my, I look at my office and there's, there's a lot of stuff in it and some, some things I've accomplished. But I mean, there is no, there's no medical degree in there. I mean, I didn't even take, I didn't even take human, you know, I didn't take biology or any, any of those in, in college either. Yeah. I mean, it's just, it just, even, I, I don't think I'm even qualified to relay the what the, what the doctors say. I mean, or, or the trainers say. Yeah. It is just, it's just a, it's just a question of what you're qualified to do. And I'm not, I'm not qualified on Yeah. Yeah. That's hipaa. You can't discuss the math. That's what I would say. Yeah.


Against The law. Yeah. I mean, I, I mean, is or isn't, I mean, we're gonna, I mean, definitely comply with all the, I mean every, it's pretty transparent when it comes to the, to the games. Yeah. But no, it's just a, it's just a matter of, of how's he feeling? How's Big Cat feeling today Working through Something? Well, I, I'm not qualified to, to search his feelings either. Yeah. You know, I'm always working through something. Yeah, yeah. Big cat's working through something that's, that's really official report way I look at it. That's, that's all I'm really qualified to. To, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So this has been unbelievable. We love we love having you on.


I had one last question. It's the chevy.com question for Grit Week Chevy Silverado. Best truck out there. So my last question for you is, you've told us, when we first interviewed you, all you cared about was, I wanna play football for as long as I can play football, then coach football, then die. Has there been any change in that? Or is it the same of No. Still on track. Still on Track, Still on track. Coach football, then Die. God, Willie and the, and the creek Don't rises. You know, we're, we're on track. That's it. It's just the love that's, that's I think like, 'cause you are for us, one of the ultimate football guys for that quote and for everything you do for the game of football. But it's, football means that much to you.


Love it. Love football. And I thought it was really cool this, this week, Tony Jefferson, who's, who's who, who's played for the Ravens, played for my brother John. And he, and now he's, he's playing here. And somebody asked him the same question. Like, you know, what's the difference in 'em? And, and, and a lot of people go to like, whatever they go to, you know, whatever their perception is. But I really like what Tony, Tony said. I mean, Tony said, you know, they both love football. And, you know, that's, that's, I think it's really accurate. And, and, and, and, and true. And yeah. That meant, that meant a lot.


I think. I think, you know, that's somebody who's seen, seen both of us. And, and I know my brother loves football. Yeah. And yeah, I was, I was, I, it it was a, it was a very nice compliment to, you know, to, for him to say that. Yeah. Yeah. And, and coach, we gotta ask you about the rv because we drove up here. We have an rv. It's Grit Week. Oh yeah. We're gonna staying in The rv. We're staying. Yeah. We don't have a great spot for it. I know that you had a good spot. I dunno if you're still in the RV there, or you you moved out, but Yeah, we're looking for a spot for the rv. Yeah. You Gotta tell v recommendations Where to put your rv. Yeah, yeah. About 150 yards. That's where you Were. To the south is where you could go.


Yeah. Yeah. Now I, I was in Huntington Beach. I was, yeah. I was right across the street from the, from the beach and the, and the, and a great ocean and big blue. You know, it was right there. It was, it was, it was, it was great. So I love RVing. You know, I wish I could do it more. That was a, a great four month window to, to be in the rv. It's a simple life, you know, that's the best life right now. It's not in the cards for me with A whole family. Still four Kids at home and, and a full-time job.


But yeah, someday, someday I think about that. That would be, Yeah. I like just traveling around in an rv. I, I just hopped on that opportunity. Yeah. And I was a big fan of the Rockford files growing up. Jim Rockford living in, living in the trailer. Yeah. At the, at the beach in Malibu. I mean, that's, that's the way I grew up. That was my favorite TV show. And you know, you're just sitting there laying on your stomach in front of the tv, you know, watching the cars and the, and the palm trees and that his trailer. Yeah. You know, like, yeah, someday I wanna live in California. Someday I wanna live in California. And if I ever do, then I'm gonna live in a trailer like Jim Rockford.


That's like, Yeah. That's a core memory. Yeah. 11-year-old Jim, you know. Well, coach Harbaugh, best of luck. Thank you. Well, you know, we're the biggest fans and we appreciate you anytime you come on the show and go win some football games. Amen. Yeah. Appreciate that. And right back at you. Yeah. I love that. Right back at you. You guys, you guys are the best. You know, just keep doing, you, keep doing you. It's working and piece of advice. Wanna get a little bit better at something. Just work a little bit harder at it and whatever you do, don't get a big head. Yeah. Right. That's a trap. Well, that's a deep, dark, lonely trap.


And We also, I should just say, because I don't want you to think that we're scumbags, we might've offered Gritty. Guys don't get big heads. Yeah. No they don't. We, we might've offered Coach Ben Herbert $10 million to come be the Barstool Sports trainer. So I just wanna let you know, we might try to poach him. We're gonna try to poach him. I don't have the $10 million to pay him, but we'll find a way. 'cause we want him to make us tough. Yeah. I I'm have to counteract it somehow. I have to find a way. I can't lose him. I lose Ben. I Don't think he want, I Don't, I don't, I think he ever, I don't want to ever be forced. I'd do it if I, I mean, if I absolutely had to. But I don't ever want to coach a football team without Ben Herbert being our strength coach.


Yeah. I don't, I I, I'll tell you, I think you're safe. 'cause I think he liked us, but I don't think he really liked us. 'cause we, we told him that a lot of our day is sitting on the couch eating like, you know, chicken wings and hanging out. I love Ben Herbert. Yeah. He's The best. I love him. He's the best. He's a, I mean, alright, We'll keep, we'll let you keep him. We'll let you keep him. Yeah, well I'll put him on Mount Rushmore. I mean he is really, there we go. He really needs to be here. We can't compete with that. Yeah. That's it. Done. Tom Green, Ben Harbert. Yeah. Jack Harbaugh, the Mount Rushmore. We off John Harbaugh. There it is. So that's the new Mount Rushmore. I love it. Well thank you coach. Thank you so much. Appreciate


That interview is brought to you by our good friends over at Chevy. There's a reason why we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because for part of my take, there's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Well, Silverado is a partner. It's a partner that you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my Take jobs adventures shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the big game. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year at Grit Week Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with a low man Award. And this year Silverado would be our partners for another Grit Week Silverado brings the grit too. It's got legendary grit paired with modern truck tech inside and out. Massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. It's got four different powertrain choices and the available multiflex tailgate so you can work and play smarter, not harder. So head over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado, check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover world of strength and capability. All behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, let's do our Mount Rushmore.


Mount Rushmore of things you wish you weren't too old for. It's brought to you by Paramount Plus. Paramount Plus is once again your home to stream the NFL on CBS all season long. Follow all the exciting on field action Stream your live local NFL on CBS game every Sunday, all the way through a FC championship game. And you can watch from your smart tv, tablet, phone, or any device. And all you need is Paramount plus account. Sign up and sign into Paramount Plus today and get ready for another thrilling season of the NFL on CBS streaming. Live on Paramount Plus it's a must for football fans.


Okay. Mount Rushmore of things that you wish you weren't too old for. Max is running away with it. Max, you're running away with Mount Rushmore season. First time he ever ran away with anything. Yeah. I also just had my notes up on my phone. Phone and Hank definitely tried to look at Them. Hank, I got a question for you. 'cause we just had to switch out cameras. So we had to take a quick break and you said the stock market is crashing. I wish maybe we knew anything about econ and we could actually know what's happening. Yeah, Hank, that's a good point. What's happening Black Monday? But we don't, we're economically illiterate because we've never been taught. I tried to tell you in the airport, that was actually the first thing I said.


What'd you say? I said Black Monday's coming get ready. But you understand we don't have the December, we don't have the building blocks to understand this because you never taught us. Right. What is Black Monday? It's when everyone loses all their money that they've saved up. Mm. On a Monday. Does it always have to be on a Monday? No. Just this Monday. Could it Be Tuesday? In theory? Yeah. Okay. Could be a Friday. It could be. Yeah. So why is it, why is it doing a black Monday? People are just panicking and selling stocks. Everyone's just panicking. I have no idea. Why can't they just turn it off like they did when everyone was making money off GameStop?


Can't they just turn the stock market off? They're Gonna stop. They're gonna stop selling shares. They're gonna stop Of the stock market sell. Yeah. Yeah. Just don't turn it on tomorrow. I wanna buy, they hope that Tuesday's better, But now is a good buying opportunity. True. I might, I'm gonna invest in a share. One share of the stock market tomorrow. This Is when we get rich boys. Yeah. This is the Greatest buy The buy the dip. This is the greatest opportunity of our lifetimes. Hank, are you gonna ever explain to us Econ Yes. Go. I will. Okay. Not today. Okay. But not tonight. He kind of just did with, with Black Monday. I'm, I'm something No, he didn't say. All he said was Black Monday. He didn't say Anything else. He said that it's gonna be bad. Right. But he just read that. He told me earlier that Warren Buffett sold.


So that means other people are gonna sell. You did Teach Max with Black Monday. Was didn't What? That this was gonna happen. You were hammered. So I didn't know what you were saying. You did say that. I mean, yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna have to buy the dip. Wait. Hey, you called this. He did. He He's been talking about it since I've seen him. You Called the recession. He did on Saturday. Yeah. You're a fucking genius when it comes to the economy. You're The new Warren Buffet. So teach us saying okay, things that you, things you wish you weren't too old for. Max is running away with this. I'm in second. Pf T's in third. Hank is in fourth. How are we feeling? Hank? I feel great. I feel relaxed. I I was able to, you know, get in the right head space over vacation. I'm ready for a big second half of the year.


Max Also did say, let's just put this out there. There's not gonna be any more food drafts. Most likely Was it was Friday. A food draft. Hold on, hold on. I didn't finish. Max also did say, I'm trying to figure out my magic number. Oh, that's too early, early to Do that. You're too early. Be playing Early to do that. Yeah. This has, this has potential to be heartbreaking. I mean, it would be, this would be an all time blown lead. If. you ended up in fourth. 'cause it doesn't matter if you're second Or third. I know. And like all the Philly teams are kind of doing that this year. You know. It's impossible. It's Impossible. It is impossible. It's not gonna happen. Let's say aws, congrat. Let me be the first to congratulate Max. This is bullshit on winning Mount Rushmore season. This is bullshit. Congrats Max. You're the one who said you're gonna figure out your magic number.


I, I actually don't think it is Possible. No, I don't either. So You, you have nothing to worry about. Hank would just have to go on a heater. Heater. Yeah. Yeah. So you're good. He'd Have to go Hank If. you figured out where your tragic number is? Mm, No. No. I mean, you're losing You by like a point. Yeah. I'm moving up like five points and you're up Two points on 'em. Who goes first? B, FBFT. And then who goes second? You? Me. And then who goes third? We're in The correct order right now. We're in the Correct order. Let's Go boys. We're we're good. We're good. Things You wish you weren't too old for? I like this. This is open-ended All right things. I wish I was not too old for First pick. Going to three day long music festivals. Mm. Good One. And Lala was all over the timeline this weekend.


The chap felt Too old. The Chappelle Rone concert when she's spelling out H-O-T-T-H. Was it H-O-T-D-O-G-S? Is that what Max was saying? Yep. It looked like the best time ever. but it also looked like the last place on earth that I would want to go right now. At my age. Yes. Max just got that. You got It? No, I'm trying to think. Say it do get it. H-O-T-D-O-G-S. Yes. I love hot dogs. They're the best. Nice. Yeah, I saw that Someone on TikTok saying that. Shout out to that person. Shout Out to that person. Shout Out to that person. Okay. Good pick. 'cause I agree with that. Yeah. I had that on my line. The one thing I do appreciate I think we can still participate in when it comes to these three day long music festivals is seeing old school awesome NBA jerseys.


And then just buying those and wearing those around. Yes. Like when I see a Bryant Reeves jersey at Lala, I'm like, damn. That's sick. Yes. You think you're too old to go to one day? To one Day? No, one day. One Day's a concert. I, I can do a one day, I can do a one day music festival. I'm gonna do that Riot Fest this year I think. Yeah. So I gotta pick out either Friday or Saturday for that. But three days in a row just feels like crazy. What do you do on the third day? Yeah. It's part of your face off All. I would, I would And It's four days now. Really? Yeah. I Would just, it starts On Thursday. I would show up and just complain all, all day on the third day. Okay. Good. Pick my first pick. Sleepovers. Sleepovers with your friends. Okay. Too old for it. Yeah. Would be cool though. Those were the best when you were kids. Aren't we doing that this week?


We're not sleeping in the same like room. And it's also Work. And also Hank's not anyone's friend. Yeah. But sleepovers were the best. I wish that, I wish it was socially acceptable to just every now and then be like, let's just watch some games, play some video games, have a sleepover. I I had sober sleepovers with the boys. 'cause sometimes Yeah. You know, I guess maybe not you with the family and stuff, but I also still have, I still have sleepovers with my boys sometimes. Yeah. Drunk. Yeah. But that's like you were too drunk to go home. Yeah. Or like playing like they're like staying over for like a night or sleeping. Yeah. It's also like the little things like, you know, being a little too loud. Then the dad comes down and yells at you. Yeah. And like, you know, oh my God, what's gonna happen?


Sneaking up. Who's gonna go to sleep first? Sneaking out for a second. Yeah. Sneaking upstairs to get some snacks. Oh yeah. Sleepovers pretty Good. Max and Hank did a sleepover at the Super Bowl a couple years ago. That's true. Yeah. We also did a nons sleepover. Oh, so you regular day. No, but we, we spent, well Hank's Left. They spent a night together, but they didn't four hours. Yeah. Oh yeah. That was kind of sleepover vibes though. Yeah. That was great time. Like we played video games. Yeah. We tried to do a hank that was, Hank was the worst puzzle puzzle doer I've ever seen in my life. That was sleepover. Yeah. Yeah. But we didn't. Yeah. 'cause you don't really sleep at sleepovers either. Yeah. Right. Okay. Hank, That was gonna be my one. One. That's a good pick. I will go with not paying bills.


Mm. You miss not paying bills. Yeah. Don't you? Yeah, But you, you're not too old for that. You could do that. You, you do do that. Not intentionally. you don't, You don't pay your bills. Sometimes I do pay my bills, but Sometimes you don't. No, I mean that there's a, there was a a grace period when I moved where some stuff was like not getting sent to my condo and, and whatever. But That's the only one though. Like, I guess That was your first week when you moved in. The half the lights in your apartment weren't on. You don't even think about it when you're a kid though. But Yeah. Yeah. That'd be nice. Max the guy who clinched Mount Rushmore. No. Yeah. You don't even need to go Meatballs Battling through a bad hangover.


Like drinking through a bad hangover. Yep. Hank does that all the time. Like What? You don't do that. I'm saying like, woke Up. You literally Getting hung over The sleepover that we just talked about. You woke up and just fought through it. Went to the Eagles game. Well I started Drinking that. That was, that that wasn't by choice. Like waking up No Battle By choice. I'm thinking like when you're in college Friday night, you get Absolutely. Yeah. Being, what you're trying to say is being able to drink with no hangovers. Yeah. That would be the, yeah. 'cause you get old and then you Have hangovers to battling through hangovers. makes No sense. Get his ass Hank. That makes no sense.


Battling through hangovers. That's what you do. That's what everyone knows. Okay. Be What do you mean that you, you didn't have a choice when you were at the Super Bowl? I mean, I had no, I, I mean I had to go to the Super Bowl. No, but like battling through with like the next day, like partying Through. Okay. I guess like being, being hung. Yeah. No, Actually I take you that you had to drink that day. Yeah. That was the only way you were gonna make it. Yeah. Being hung. Yeah. Like I just used to like not get hang hangovers. And that's, and that's Basically what I'm Saying. So what is the thing that you miss? Yeah. Not being hungover. Yeah, Like drinking without getting hungover. Right. Okay. That's the answer. Okay. Whoa, Hank, we're Just giving him that. Throw A flag. Hank throw a flag. Your your first Answer was, was battling through hangovers overs and then we just gave him an infinitely better one.


Well, I just didn't understand. I I mean, Hank's, right? I mean, I'll just not take hang like Battling through hangovers. No. Pick meatballs. No. Well that's not, that's not Happening. Battling through hangovers. That was your pick. All right, fine. Hey, fine. I don't care. I think that Somewhat makes sense. Yeah. Hank is starting to see the punishments like getting closer and closer. Well, no, I, I mean, Let's also say that I couldn't get, lets get Bullseye Bull. Let's also say that I get Bullseye and I also get the most shit for all of my picks and always have to get my picks changed. Take A deep breath. What? Like I couldn't get bullseye. I Mean, What pick Got changed? You guys made me do Bullseye. What? Pick got changed?


No, not pick. That got changed. But You said you still mad about Fortnite season? OG Fortnight? No. Was there was another one recently. You change a pick. No, there was there. Oh, dragons. People were pissed. People were pissed that I didn't get Dragon. That's not a fucking animal. He got fucking Patrick Mahomes. That's Literally an animal. And it was a terrible pick. Yeah, I'm just saying you're Awfully upset for a guy that's in first place by a significant margin. Well, no. Yeah, it's fine. You lin smell rush. I also think that's a fine pick. People are going to Yeah, it is. Whatever. It's a good pick. Okay, Next One. You just think about what you're saying before you say it this time Playing competitive sports. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. What Do we do on Thursday? Is that okay? What? What? That is not competitive.


If. you have a If. you can have a beer in your If. you can have a beer in your hand. That's not competitive sports. Ah, Do we do, What do we do on Fridays at the office? That's not, you guys are just, this is just gonna be the rest of Mount Rush. No, I think if actually A simple question Right Now that have, you can have a beer. Beer Olympics. Was that not a sport That No, that is not a sport. One of my, I'm talking about like high school sports. College Sports. One of my picks, like, you wake up, but you got one of my picks was I'm, I'm sad that I'm too old for Little league. Yeah. That. Yeah. But that's not what you said. Okay. You guys are trying to tell me how to do my Mount Rushmore and I'm the fucking best at this.


True. You. So what is the what? What is the Playing competitive sports? I mean, so are you gonna keep playing on your softball team? You guys are like, that is not competitive. Like, wow. The pugs that hurts memes. You, you're part of that team. I'm going to, you guys are just gonna make me quit Mount Rush. I compete. That'd be real shame. I show up, I show up, I show up To compete. If, you didn't If you didn't get to win. It'd Be real shame. No, I, I like what you guys are doing here because I'm dominating this game way too much. That you're just trying to muddy the water. Real Rush. And then your points stayed at the exact same total for the rest of Mount Rushmore. Whoever Was gonna be in first at this. Impossible. You idiot. Whoever. You idiot. That's impossible. What was the word you were about to say?


Fucking idiot. But I was just like, Whoever was in first at this juncture Mount Rushmore season was going to get this type of heat. It just happens. It's you All right. No. Fuck you guys. I think, I think the lights might be too bright for Max. Yeah, He clenched. Yeah. It's this. You guys are Just upset. You guys are upset. You're Like the Yankees. Yeah. Okay. Lot of choices here. Yeah. Let's go. Climbing random trees. Mm. I Had climbing trees on my list too. Yeah. Climbing rock. When you're a kid, you would just climb whatever tree you could see. Yep. You know, you'd see it with some branches low. And you're go, I can get up there now. Yep. You'd probably get the police called. Yep. That's a good one.


That's a good one. Playing with Nerf guns. I wish I wasn't too old for that. Yeah. Playing with Nerf guns as a kid was the best. And now when you do it, it's just like, who Cares? And they've gotten so much better over the years Too. So much better. You have like automatic weapons, you've got laser sites on 'em. It's Incredible. Yeah. But playing with NF guns was so much fun as a kid. You get like, yeah. What's that look for Hank? Nothing. No, no. There's a look. I seeing, I seeing him. Max stop anything. No, I have nothing to say for the rest of this Mount Rush I take. You have no more. I will take my picks and I and I will no comment on Only the facts. Come back. Come back. Nope. Come. This is maybe like bar, when we did the Nerf, we did a Nerf video Like we did years ago.


What did we we did do the Nerf video. We did it in the New York office. Was That part of it? You're a captain. Yeah. That was fun. I wish I do. We we could do that all the time, but we don't. That was also Like three years ago. I didn't, I didn't bring it up. I was curious. Was curious if Max is gonna bring it Up. I think the name of this is things like that you wish you weren't too old for. That was in the past, right? Yeah. That was Three years ago, Max. It's good thing to bring up. Come Back to us from Mount Rushmore. I'm, I'm done critiquing your picks. Yeah. No, I'm ready. Alright. So do you think that was a good pick? Sure. Okay. Okay. So my, I'm up Twice. I just imagine, imagine waking up. Imagine waking up as a member of the pugs on Black Monday and finding out you're not playing competitive sports.


Yeah. Well, I mean if Hughes, if Hughes managing the team, they're not competitive. That's True. That's true. You're a leader of that team talk. He hasn't been there in like No. Yeah, I know. Oh no, Neither of you. I'm not talking about me. This is Awesome. You Went to a game and didn't play. I love it. Bicep hurt. Is that true? Yeah. I was worried about golf. Oh my God. Now actually your pick got stronger. Yeah. Because the guy who doesn't play because he, he's worried about golf. That's not competitive. Okay. PFT Also Hank, Who was the playoffs I would've played Hank competes in multiple competitive golf tournaments a year.


Yeah. That he cares about. Yeah. Okay. Alright. So I have two. Yep. Okay. So my first one, I'm gonna go trampolines. Mm. Trampolines rock. Dude. Have you guys been on a trampoline recently? No. Okay. I was on a trampoline two weeks ago with my kids. I was doing popcorn with them where I was jumping and they were just popping everywhere. Maybe eight minutes. Completely gassed. Like sweat had to get off the trampoline. That shit just kills You. Yeah. I was watching it at the Olympics too. And every time the guy would jump up in the air, I'd be like, that guy's gonna die. Yeah. They're so high up. But trampolines were so fun. There's trampolines In the Olympics. Yeah, There's trampolining. Yeah. Yeah.


What? Yeah, they go like 50 feet in the air. It's Crazy. Damn. Yeah. That's nuts. They, they should do, they tra trampoline in the Olympics, but it should be like a battle. Like two people at the same time trying to bounce each other And maybe with a hoop and a Ball and a hoop. And then you can tackle the guy in midair. Yeah. I like that. But yeah, trampolines were so fun. You'd always go over to your, your friend's house that had a trampoline and his parents obviously just kind of didn't care and they were okay with everyone getting hurt. And then you'd just, you'd go on it for like, all you'd wanna do is be like, let's go to the trampoline. And they'd be like, I'm sick of the trampoline. I broke my arm there two months ago. No, I wanna do the fucking trampoline. They're awesome. But you can't do it as an adult.


My next one I'm gonna go Power wheels. Power wheels was so fun. Yeah. Because you couldn't drive yet. But god damn If. you weren't behind the wheel of what felt like a car at the time. Yep. Power wheels were the absolute best. Agreed. Okay. I gotta Pick any smart comments about that. Max luck back in. Oh, pretty good luck back in. You know the power wheels are No, I have no idea what power wheel. That's 1980. What? Power wheels are power. No Power Wheels. Everyone knows Power Wheels knows powers Power. Power Wheels. No, I don't know that there's One in the office for my kids. Oh, it's a, it's a mini cars. Those It's mini car electric. No, that's something different. But I have a mini truck that I, my kids come on Saturdays and just whip around in them.


They're awesome. I don't know. I never had one on, but I sounds he was driving him until he was like 14. That's, that's hilarious. Hank's so funny. That's a fucking good one, Hank. That was a good one. Okay. Yeah, there's just many, there are many cars, mini trucks, But you can just drive real cars. That's Right. Well, not when you're a Yeah, sure. Now you Have to, oh shit. Now That you're old. Yeah. But like this draft is the things that you wish you weren't too old for. Right. But, but he's saying you could drive a real car, which is I could also probably still drive a power wheels. Yeah. That would be We. You gotta try We that out now. That's Right. When when, when you're right.


You're right. Hank's. Right. That's why I'm a really good driver is 'cause I was, I was trained up there all until I got my license. Yeah. It's Been almost a year since you last wrapped your car around a pole in the parking lot. Well, the, the pole that hank clearly intentionally mislabeled. Alright. Easy one for me. Building forts. I just love building forts. Now I'm in the fort building game on the other side where I build the forts, but I don't get to go in the forts. But building forts, just being inside of a fort, you build a good fort and start of the day, it's like I got this fort for the rest of the day. Pillow Forts. Pillow forts, Stick forks down by the creek. Yep. I mean the best building a fort and just being like, this is my spot. I got it.


Okay. I Feel like it's been a lot of kids stuff, but I'll go a little bit older. I'll just go with college parties. Mm. Yeah. College Parties. That's a good one. College parties were the best. And it does, I think the last college party I was at was with you, Hank, and it was like 10 years ago and it was very uncomfortable for us. Yeah. I had a stretch. I mean, like, we did the Dixie tour when I was 22. That didn't feel weird. And then you were fine. There was a couple years after that, like, I think I was 24 and I was like, this is, We were at Ohio State weird Place. I was like 20 when, when we Did this. Yeah. We played beer pong or flip cup and I was probably 29 and I was like, I have to get outta here. Yeah. This is not good. Like, I need to get outta here.


But yeah. College parties from 18 to, I mean, I even g give yourself 22. Yeah. Can't beat it. Yeah. You know, like the beer Olympics this year, they were basically the same thing as a college Party. Yeah. That's just, that's every single Saturday. Yeah. In college. Yeah. Yeah. Like caring very deeply about a game of beer pong. Yeah. I miss getting into fights in beer pong games. Yeah. Yeah. That was fun. It's a good pick Max. I, I don't, I don't know where this is gonna go. And this is also something that I didn't really get to do at my own school, but I did it at other schools. And that's watching games at a student section. Ooh. Hmm. Okay. I know that you guys did that recently. Yeah. You Can still do that, but You Gotta get over the uncomfortableness.


Yeah. That's, that's what this whole, I mean, technically you can do anything that we're doing today, but it's uncomfortable. Mm. That's a good pick. Yeah. Yeah. I have a pick coming up that you cannot do, but Okay. Okay. That, okay. That's interesting. Okay. Yeah. I'm, I have one that I really want to do, but I think that you're going to, you're gonna gimme shit for It. No call for it. You're in the lead. You're never gonna blow this lead. We won't give you shit. I won't give you shit. I, I don't know. Say, Say it max. As long as you're not, as long as you're too old to do it. I am too old to do it. Okay.


Fuck it. I was, I was, this is, so this is another thing that I was jumping off in your voice that I was never able to do and I was just in fra in France studying abroad. I, I'm too old to study abroad. I can, I could never do it. And it's the coolest thing ever. Yeah. Yeah. That is. I, I wish I did The whole time I was over there. I was like, I cannot believe that kids did this for a full semester and like fake went to school and then just went all through Europe. What Hank's said the same, but you'd have, you have to go to college, study abroad. Hank Hank goes to college for one semester and study Abroad. I thought you guys were gonna gimme shit for that. I know. Why's a That's Good. Pitch study abroad literally translates to look at that chick.


Yeah. Oh, okay. There you go, man. Yeah, it took me a while, but yeah, there you Go. I'll stay on brand considering, you know, I you take a day off and it's like you killed someone, but just having the whole summer off. Mm Yep. Yeah. Nothing better. No, you're doing that this year. Last day of school now. I, I'm, I'm here. I took less than a week off. I was here on Thursday here on Friday, playing on Saturday. But yeah. Last day of school before you were like, I don't know what, 13, 14 maybe you started having to do like, some type of job in the summer, but like when you're, you know, elementary and, and I guess I guess just elementary school kid. The last day of school was like, yeah, I'm just gonna play whiffle ball and baseball for the next two months.


Yeah. Pretty good. And go to the pool. Winter college break too was great. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like it was like a month. Yeah, It was like a month. Whoa. I did it for once and then my friends and then Wait, wait, wait. You went, you, you went to school for one semester, right? No, 2 0 2. Oh. I finished out strong. But then when, when I was working, You funny if Hank was still technically on his winter college break Later. No, I think If you did both of my semesters though. I have like one semester's worth of credits. They just How strong. Yeah. But when I was working at a, at a young age in the, in the workforce and my friends would be home and they would just have, they'd be like off, fucking off for like a month straight.


And I'd just be at work being like, how? Like when do you go back to school? Yeah. How are you still doing this? Yeah. It's, it's Wednesday. Yeah. That was the best. Alright. Oh, I got, I got two that I wanna, should I do one or two max? You pick. I want the one that you said that you definitely can't do. Having a wet dream. Mm. A hand job from God. I wish I, IW those rocked. It was basically virtual reality and it was awesome. But you can't do it anymore. I I haven't had a wet dream since I was 12 years old. 13 years old. I, you've had one? No I haven't. Oh.


Couldn't think I ever know. Couldn't you, Could You Do it? I don't know. Wasn't that the, you just Don't jerk off. I guess I eventually it has to come out. Fox was also very young when that, he was like 19. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's, I mean it was, that's what Bet You were just, you went to sleep and you fucked a hot chick. And then Yeah. I mean, I think If you, the cleanup was a little weird, but who cares? I think If, you didn't come for like two weeks or a month or something. Maybe it would just happen. That'd be very, I don't know. That'd be very funny, Don. I like explain to your significant other like, no, we can't do it. I'm trying to get myself wet Dream, trying to get a wet dream. Just, just bear with me for the next couple weeks. I also like, it was only like a little stretch for me and it, it rocked for that little stretch. I Had one exactly one wet dream my entire life. Really? And it was incredible.


Yeah. And then I'm like, maybe I'll have another one. But then I psyched myself out. Now every time I'm dreaming, I'm thinking about, about to have sex with a hot chick. I'm like, wait, you idiot. This is a dream. That hot chick will never have sex with you. Yeah. Then I wake up and I, then I try to go back to sleep to get back into the dream where I like, think about that dream, put myself back and then it's fucked up when I Go back there. It would, it would rock to be able to have a wet dream. Yeah. It would rock To be able to like know too. Just being like, I'm gonna put on, maybe put on a condom before I go to bed. They'll clean up. But yeah. That's, I'm, we're too old for that. Huey, you got, you had a, you ever had a wet dream? No. No. No. I don't remember a single one. Okay.


So you might have had one possibility. There's a possibility. Okay. Alright. PFD Your last Big as a dream where you're swimming. Yeah. I won't drown. Probably I was pee in those dreams. A bunch of mine got picked in this last round. Damn. So this is gonna be tough for me. I miss I the possibility of being taller. Mm. Like I'm not done growing. That's a good One. That's a good one for You especially. Yeah. Thank you. When I was until I was like 19 or 20, I was like, maybe, yeah, maybe I'm not done yet. 'cause I stopped growing when I was in like ninth grade. I was like, maybe next year's the, the growth spurt.


I started eating a lot of food. Just got fat for a little bit. 'cause I, I was trying to convince myself that it was a growth spurt. Yep. That I'm hungry all the time. No, you're just, you're just getting fat. Yeah. But that was, yeah. I wish I could still have that feeling where it's like, maybe this isn't it for me. Yeah. Maybe I'm six. I'm tall. PFT, but, or taller you. Oh, you're not tall. You're not tall. I was this height six feet. I was this height in seventh grade. Oof. And my dad is like six two. My uncle's like six four. My brother's six three. And they told me that I was gonna be the tallest person in my family. Oh No. Never grew again. That's brutal. So the fat guy equivalent to that is like outgrowing your baby fat. Yeah. Like when you're, when you're a fat child, it's like, it's okay. It's just baby fat.


Yeah. We Ts now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or Like then you get to that and then you do outgrow it and then it all comes back. Yeah. An older relative is like, look, this is what I looked like in, in like middle school. Yeah. And now I'm skinny and you're like, oh, that's gonna be me. And you think genetics is gonna do all of it. Now you have to rely on ozempic. Yeah. Or like we're doing, we're working out. Yeah. We're working out. Me and Big, Cat are getting in the best shape of our lives. Yeah. Diet started today. Yep. What are we having for dinner? Pizza. Small amount of pizza. The one who said we should get, we should add some salads, salad For The record. What got left off? The one I was thinking that I, I would've picked, but I feel like maybe a little too much pushback pissing out doors without it being a crime.


No. Golf course. Yeah. True. You can pee anywhere in golf course, but, but it is, it was awesome when you were a kid and you're just like, I pee anywhere. No one's gonna say shit. In college we had, we had two bathrooms that were right next to the outdo, like right next to outside and we would just Yeah. Go outside and we were like, I'm using the urinal. Yeah. Outside. But even that would be a crime if someone saw it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, like being at like when I take my son to like t-ball and he's like, I gotta pee. I'm like, all right, there's a tree right there. No one's gonna say shit if I peed behind that tree. Big prop, big problem. I had, I had getting hyped for Christmas morning. I had that too. Yeah. I thought about that one. Just Gravity bongs The excitement. No, we're gonna, we're bringing those back. Yeah. We are bringing those back. But The excitement of the magic of Christmas.


Yeah. And also your birthday too. Yeah. Birthdays. Birthdays For great birthday was like, that was a big deal. And now it's just like, fuck, I'm getting older. Like Right. What? 18 is probably the last, no, 21 is the last birthday that you're excited for 25. You can, you can rent a I think it's 21, I think 21. I think it's it. You can rent a Beach, beach house. The rest is just like, Yeah. But dude, remember like waking up being like, I'm 10 today a fucking rock. Double hand cupcakes. Yeah. School. Yeah. Your birthday party. Pizza. Velcro sneakers. If you're an adult man wearing Velcro sneakers, people like, something's wrong. And they are so much easier than tying your shoes. Yep. I wish I wasn't too old for those.


I had, But then you actually get, you, it does come around when, when you're 90, that's when you get when yeah. When you, when you get way old, you can do it Diapers and Velcro. Yeah. They make a comeback. I had quitting a job that you don't care about. Mm. That, that's good. That is one of the best feelings in the world. Yeah. That's good. When you have a job in like your early twenties and you just hate it. Yep. Yep. And walking away from that job, it is better than drugs. I Walked out on a job on a lunch break. That's awesome. Yeah. It was a, it was, it was the worst job. It was the one I had where I called people asking him for money for Wisconsin alum. So I'd called him during dinner. I, I quit a dish. The worst. Yeah. A dish washing job to go to a free Mac Miller concert. Hell Yes. I had this one.


I would've gotten some pushback because I'm currently doing a little of this, but I do wish I could just play video games all day. Yeah. I, I had that, like, There was nothing better than getting a new video game, being like, there's my next 12 hours. Yeah. I'm just gonna beat this video game. That was the best. Having imaginary friends. Oh, yeah. Slash like world, like world building with like your toys. No, just more the wish That you could have that Though. No imagination, I think. Yeah. It's not imaginary friends. Imagination. You lose your imagination. That sucks. Yeah. Like you have like stuffed animals and like, you have a whole world in your brain. Yeah. What, what was your world? It depended. Depended on the day. What Were your stuffed animals? I had a chip Beanie Baby. That was my, that was my ride or die.


Nice. And then it was just a, a random collection of other stuffed animals that my dog used as like, yeah. Toys. You had two? Yeah. You had your dog's toys? I had, I had stuffed animals. Yeah. I had my ace, like he, he'd be in the bed with me and then everything else was just kind of like whatever was in the house. The one having energy. Yeah. Like that's working out though. Yeah. But Like, I'm talking about kid energy, like, I'm pretty sure my kids are solar powered. Yeah. Because they'll just be in the sun all day and they just won't be tired. It's like, how did this happen? Yeah. You're like, you're super excited to wake up. Right. And you're super upset to go to sleep. Right. Because when you go to sleep, that's, you might miss out on fun stuff. Over, over. Yeah. Sleeping in was one I had as well.


Like I just, yeah. Yeah. I'm too old to sleep in. It would be awesome to sleep in till like 11. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I sleep in sometimes as well. That's, I'm so jealous of that. Yeah. Like do, are there Saturdays the kids, that's a, but are there Saturdays when you'll sleep till like 11? Oh yeah. Eat motherfucker. I would, I would, I would. I slept four the other day. I would, I would or is crazy. I'd kill a man to be able to Do that. Yeah. You almost slept through the sun. I was in bed pretty much until the sun, God Dammit. See that's came down You a young battle through that Was also fucking awesome. I had, I had Happy Meals. Happy Meals. The Joy of the Happy Meal and the tiny little shitty toy.


What about Like school parties? Yeah. Valentine's Day House party. Oh. Oh. Like oh yeah, Like Valentine's Day. You had all that stuff. You had like, like the Christmas parties. There always be like big activities. Yeah. Yeah. Because field day. Yeah. Now you try to do that. So there's always like alcohol or Something else involved. Yeah. But just like a sober fun party. Clean old fashioned fun. Yeah. The holiday themed Stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah. Dress up parties for the Holidays. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good one. Swinging on swing sets. Swinging on swing sets. Awesome. You get the cops called on you. Yeah. Yeah. Especially If. you You're walking. No, I'm saying no. You walk, you walked, like you're with your kids gonna a park and you see a normal adult male by himself swinging on a sunset.


You like what the fuck's going on. Yeah. For his own good. I would call the cops on him. Probably. You can still swim in a pool, but being a kid swimming in a pool, like there was nothing better. Yeah. I would never leave. And just being in a pool all day. Like, like going underwater. Yeah. You guys gone underwater recently? Yeah. It's not as fun. I did, did Like, it's just like your ears pop. Like I remember I was used to just fucking go underwater all day. I did. Yeah. It was, it was awesome. I was at the pool, I go under water. Like my buddy was at the pool and he's got like a, a 6-year-old son. And so he is like, let's see how deep we can go to touch the bottom. Yeah. And so I was in the deep end and you just like, push yourself down, touch the bottom. It's exhilarating. But then you don't, you do it once and you're like, all right, I did it like being a kid.


You do it for hours. Yeah. The kids stayed there. Yeah. And you kept doing it. Yeah. Just pool games in general. Pool Games in general. Definitely. I Did. I had being able to go out with a $20 bill. Ooh, That's good. Like I, I wanted to do that. That was another one I was thinking, then you're gonna be, but then I, the alternative is, okay, well now you have more money so you don't need to do that. Yeah. But like when you're in college and like literally all you need is a $20 bill and can like have the, the best night ever. It's an, it's it, I can't even fathom that PFT and I have going out without smartphones. Yeah. It was excellent. That was so awesome. It was good. Go out with a flip phone. Just being like, no one was on their phone. I never, I didn't, I never a smartphone until six months into working at bars.


Really? You had a flip phone? Were you texting, doing, were you doing like T nine? I Had a NV one. It was like the, it was a were sick. It was a flip open keyboard and then I had a iPod touch Wifi shit. I have a smartphone until I was like, 24 is blackberry. Yeah. Alright. Anything else. Anything else. We missed being a kid. Rocked. Yeah. Really Was the best. Coloring. Coloring. Yeah. I was bad at Coloring. Not being able to be completely oblivious to all politics. Yeah. Like I do a pretty, I try really hard to be oblivious but it seeps in. But when you're a kid, who the fuck cares Not having a frontal Lobe? Yeah. Yeah. Well you're getting there.


Yeah. There were a couple things I thought of that were close to both of yours. One of 'em. Laser tag. The Laser tag's a good one. I have a take. I think laser tag's the most overrated thing. I don't think you went to the right. Laser tag. Tag is Awesome. They're all bad. No, no. Not not ultra zone paint. Every time I play laser tag I wish I was playing paintball. But paintball you have to wear like, I don't want to get, it's the fun of paintball without getting hurt And laser. Laser tag. It's dark. You got like black lights, you're sneaking through mazes and shit. Paintball was fun last year. Yeah. Paintball was a lot of fun. And Then also go-karts. Oh, go-karts. Yeah. Go-karts. But I thought it was, it was close To, and they also do have like a, they do have like adult go-karts.


We did it. Yeah. We did it in Nashville a few years Ago. And for an ad too. Yeah. It was fun. But that's different. If it's hurt bad it's different. I used to, oh man. I used to just wanna stop at every go-kart place. My dad would just not let me. I was just like, fuck. I wanna go. I feel Like rollercoaster are kinda like, like you can't just go to an amusing park and just like, I guess you can. Yeah. Having the thrill of being on a golf cart too. Like when you like going on a golf cart when you're a kid was awesome. Yeah. Water parks. Yeah. Water parks. Although water parks still Fun. They're still fun. Not the same. Yeah, not the same. Batting cages. Still fun. Not the same. Yeah. Yeah. Peach rock. Batting cage. Batting cages. Alright. Good. Show boys. We have the random number.


Gener generator. 'cause we forgot to do the lottery balls. So do you wanna win this? Yeah, of Course. Okay. I Numbers. I don't, I don't want this 20 Go 56. I go 20. I'll go. Hank did 2011. Okay. Oh. So I have to wait. I'll go eight. Huey. 42. 42 for Huey. Jonah. 47. 47. Three for memes. Shane. 21. 21. All right. Shane, you watching 11? No, it's not. Yeah it is. No it's not. Yeah, it says 11. Wait, did you guys 11? Yeah. Max gets 11. Hey, Congrats Max. Congrats Max. That's awesome.


Huge. Yeah. Max. Max finally Got It. Shane, you were looking at it. Does it not say 11? Wait, you actually get 11. Yeah. I mean it's the, It's, no, It doesn't count as the lottery ball. Hey, job Max. Max. Yeah. You've gotten freedom number generator. That's so sick. 100%. Yeah. It was, it was actually 11 chain. Yeah. Good Job, dude. Was there a camera on it? Good Job. My eyes, but it, Yeah. Beam's eyes. Job. Congrats. Max. It was Max. That's so sick. Dude. Show the, show the fucking thing. That's so sick. Max. That's so sick, dude. Well, I still think you're fucking with me. I mean, well 'cause it's like the lamest thing to win is this.


I mean, I don't care. You can't, you can't ask the question anymore. No, I can. Have you ever gone to the lottery ball machine? We, I got the number. Have you ever gotten the lottery ball Machine? I got the number. Answer the question. Have you ever gotten the lottery ball machine? I got the number. No, you've never gotten the lottery ball machine. All right, fine. I'm, this is better than I'm taking. This is a win. No, there's, it's not. The best part is all fine. There's always gonna be like a, a shred of doubt in Max's mind. That was actually true. It wasn't 11. It's okay, but it it, But it not, it was not 11. How did you do that? I just kept on hitting it until it became 11. Yeah. I, I got my, I got my guy back here. Wait, was it 11? Yeah, it was 11.


First time was 11. Shane, Look. 11. I know that. But yeah, 11 easy. That was easy. That's the number. That is the number 11 winner. Ask our econ guy. Get this, get this. So it's firmly in there. 11 bang. Way to go, max. I'm happy. That's, that's a win max. I can tell. How happy You're Yeah. That's a win. Alright, see everyone on Wednesday. Love you guys.


Love your love. Lovely.


The bike is okay. Say up me better to be saved for serving. Say up Me Better to be saved for serving things. I'm every Just You Are things I've got do Remember, welcome. You Have a question or need.


How to advice. Just ask meta AI whether you want to design a marathon training program, or you're curious what planets are visible in tonight's sky. Meta AI has the answers. It can also summarize your class notes, visualize your ideas, and so much more. It's the most advanced AI at your fingertips. Expand your world with meta ai. Now on Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook, and Messenger.