
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music.


On today's part of my take, we have a two for, for the people. We've got our good friend Jimmy Tatro In Studio. He flew into Chicago to come hang with us. And then we have our other good friend Nick Wright, talking about the Chiefs. We figured we're gonna be doing a lot of Eagles content, so we wanted to give a Chiefs fan a a moment, and Nick is is one of the best to do it. So it was awesome interview with him. We're gonna do Fire Fest of the week. We're gonna talk a little, listen, it's the bye week before the Super Bowl, so maybe some national sports podcast stories. Maybe a couple picks before we get to Super Bowl week. And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get it on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner. The Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the Vince Lombardi trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at DraftKings Sportsbook The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app and Make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire, or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. I Love guys who like football and guys who like football like me back and I like them back. And even guys who don't like football, they try to avoid me because I'm always to get them. Football, Football, Football. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet.


Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Sportsbook, the crown is yours. Today is Friday, January 31st. Happy birthday, PFT. Happy birthday, Big Cat. Happy birthday. PFT. Happy birthday PFT because thanks. It's coming out for the birthday. What day is it right now? It is my birthday right now, but, but it's your birthday. When people are listening to this, How does, how does being 40 feel? I feel wiser than all of you. I feel smarter. No, I've actually been dreading it and now that it's happened, it's like, just move on. I don't really like my birthday anymore. Birthdays kind of suck now. Just move on. Do you get the finger in the butt yet? No. Stroke of midnight Right in The bus. You have To do it. Should we do our kiss? Yeah, let's do our kiss. So this is, if you're listening on the podcast, go subscribe on the YouTube.


PFT and I are gonna do our annual kiss between our birthdays. So you'll have to watch it. You can't listen to it. You can listen to it, but go watch it right now. And also subscribe to YouTube. All right. Here it goes. 3, 2, 1 Oh. Oh my God. Poking me. You must have tickles Spitting their daddy. Oh, And that was our kiss. Pretty good. I think that was our best one yet. I think that was our best one yet. Yeah. Podcast listeners. You just have to leave it to your imagination, I guess.


Hank, how'd you feel about that? It's gross. Hank. It's two men who love each other very dearly, sharing an intimate moment on their birthdays. What's your problem, bro? Bro. Four Year olds guys can't care about each other anymore. I don't like, I don't like how Hank has Hank and memes. I don't like their attitudes. Memes wants us to die. Hank just loves to comment about our age. Max is the only one who's got our back. 'cause I think Max is just still so hungover from the case race. He didn't even know where he is right now. Yeah, he popped a blood vessel in his eye. That's always a Good one. I spent pretty much all day yesterday. Puking, taking gummies, puking. Mm. Yeah. It was a good day. Yeah. So, yeah. But we, we are 40.


You're listening to us as 40. We're gonna just, we're gonna move past it. We're gonna be fine. I don't like kinks attitude or face or look or anything I think can't exist. Once I'm 40, I'm gonna get in good shape. Yeah. After the Super Bowl. Yeah. I'm gonna get in good shape after March. Madness break. Yeah, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be jacked up by the time I'm 41. Yeah. Alright. National Sports podcast. So this is always the weird week because it's like we haven't fully transitioned off football. Do the Saints finally have a head coach? Is it Kellen Moore? Mike McCarthy's sitting out a year. So he's just that. What do you think the people at Pro Football Focus said when they saw the alert that Mike McCarthy's sitting outta here and they're like, holy shit.


He's gonna, he's gonna re-up his, his membership. His subscription. Yeah. He's gonna live with him. Yeah. I think they're in Cincinnati, right? Yeah. Yeah. Mike McCarthy's gonna move to Cincinnati and just spend a year farting and watching film and looking at a computer screen while somebody tells him what this cell means. Yeah. And I, he's gonna come back. He must have an idea of what jobs could open up next year. Yeah, I guess. But it also, could it be the end? No, he is taking a year off. He's taking a year off. Yeah. So Z Kellum Moore though. Is Kellen Moore gonna be the Saints head coach? I think It might be Kellen Moore. Yeah. I think he's been doing a lot of, he's been getting his staff together. He's been really focused on his interviews with the Saints. Mm. I think this bodes well for his chance of being hired. Are We worried Max, that Kellen Moore is thinking about the Saints and not the Eagles?


It is what it is. That's what happens in football sometimes. If you're a good team, other teams are gonna want your coordinators. Yeah. And I'm not gonna cry About it. Okay. Okay. That was a really good answer. Yeah. I think he'd be a good coach for the Saints. Yeah. Yeah. I think he's a good football coach. Yeah, it stinks. That Jalen hurts. It looks like I'll probably have it his ninth co offensive coordinator in eight Years. That's a real stat. Let's talk about Jalen Hurts the same way we talk about Baker Bayfield. Yeah. He just keeps getting, maybe Jalen Hurtz is just, he's the rainmaker. He keeps getting guys hired. Yeah, He is too good. He Is too good. And then me memes. You are, you're just giddy about going to New Orleans. What's going on here? Memes. Is memes laughed today? It's Eagles Week.


It's Eagles week. That's New. Orleans is a a, a very happy place. Do you, are you, does it feel like Max, that memes is kind of stealing this from you? The Eagles Week thing? No, I, I would prefer it to be on him. Okay. Okay. So it's Eagles week. No. It, it's All, it's all about Max. But it's your own. When you say it's Eagles week, are you saying that because you want more spotlight on Max? No, no. It, I have a prediction that over the next week we're gonna be very Eagles focused. Yes. But for the record, I, I would, I would be chiefs focused too. If we can get good interviews with chiefs players. Yeah. But the Chiefs don't really wanna give us interviews. But we do have Nick Wright On today who's very good.


And he's a diehard Chiefs fan. So that we, we we're, we're trying Chiefs fans. I know that They think it's slanted against them. We're trying, It should be slanted against you. Why? 'cause fuck them. Today's you get Chief's Day. Okay. You get chief's today's day today and then Eagles week. Yes. In Eagles week. Okay. That's Fair. Are you, how are you feeling in terms of your confidence level, max? I, I'm ju I can't get too worked up and it's too early to get too worked up. It's too early to get too worked up. I like that. That's, that's my answer. I like that. That's a good answer. Not worked up right now. Correct. Okay. I'm, I'm calm Cool. Collective. And we do have a big interview coming on Monday, so get excited for everyone.


We're gonna have a big Super Bowl week. Very excited. We got a lot of big interviews. We got a lot of big interviews. Eagles week. Eagles week. Are you worried about one of the interviews and how much you love that person? Don't do this yet. Why don't do this yet. Why? A couple. A couple. But really the one on Wednesday, it feels like he's, you know, I'll Give a hint. He's the brother of a player who's in the game. This is, Yeah. This is what Is, what are we doing here? Why are we Announcing this? It could be Jackson Mahomes. Yeah, It could be. It could be Jackson Mahomes. Everyone knows I'm the biggest Jackson Mahomes fan, Right? Yeah. Billy Jacks. It's, it's gonna be a big week.


All right. So National Sports Podcast. I have a couple headlines I wanted to read to you guys. And then we, we are gonna give one early prop pick for the Super Bowl National Sports Podcast though. Did you see Adam Silver floats the idea of a 10 minute NBA quarter win Horse fingers. That would be interesting that they'd make a 10 minute quarter right when LeBron retires and then no one can beat any of his records. That Is interesting. Or that's interesting. Or it'd be interesting if they shorten the length of the quarters to help the older players in the league Mm. That are still around. Mm. Maybe a one year trial for the shorter quarters.


Mm. What do you think, Hank? I think it would be, Put your fingers up. I think it would be bad for bench players. There would be less parody in the league and there would just be, you know, all the, all the stars could play more minutes. Yeah. But you got a lot of stars. We do have a lot of stars. Yeah. But I think for League parody it'd be bad. Okay. Unless they add, they're gonna add two more teams, I think is my takeaway. Oh. Where Do you think they should go? Vegas And Seattle. You gotta say Seattle. Seattle. Give Seattle a shout out. Fuck Seattle. Why? Why Fuck Seattle. No, I dunno. I used to have beef with Seattle. What? Bad sports sound. I forget.


I call them bad sports sound. And now people from Seattle don't, don't, they don't forget. So you started the beef? Yeah. Maybe. Does this go back to the Super Bowl? No, it was on the show. It was, it was an offhanded comment that people see. Oh Yeah. It might have Been during, it might've been during like maybe The Mariners. Yeah. MLB playoffs. Yeah. You just were like, fuck 'em. They, when they had that one game playoff in the game that lasted like 18 innings Maybe that's what it was. Bad sports down. I forget. Yeah. They got a home run matched and then you were like bad sports town anyways. Right? When they're at their lowest. Yeah. Yeah. You just kicked 'em when they were down. Whatever. Alright, so you, you're against it. Yeah. Yeah. That was the, that was the one big story. And then I had, let's see, I've got a couple other Shit.


Yeah. Weby fed up with shoves and unfair lack of calls. Okay. Was another one. Weby, you, you can't be upset this early. It's not like the French to complain. No, but you, you can't be upset at this early. I also saw stat and this is Let pop do that. That's, that's what pop's job. Yeah. It's like manipulate the media. Yeah. He works the refs. I saw Stat. I don't have the exact numbers, but it was, it was wild. It was a screenshot of, of the Sixers game last night and it was Oh yeah, I saw that. That same stat. Yeah. Yeah. It was like Joel beat games played in NBA career. Like 430 games missed 400. Oh. The one that I saw was how much money he's been paid to, to sit out. Ah, I think it was like 125 million or something. But The Sixers are almost in the playoffs now, which I'm rooting for them to get there.


'cause I want the polls to be in the, in the lottery. They're, they're, I think they're virtually tied for the polls for the Tennessee. You guys are tied. Yeah. Yeah. That's huge. We are. Whatever. Yeah. That's huge. Alright, what were your other, what were your stories? National Sports podcast? Yes. National Sports Podcast. Cam Newton was asked the question whether he would rather win a Super Bowl or an MVP. You know what he said? MVP. He said MVP. Yeah. So embrace debate. Embrace debate. If I was a MVP winner and not a Superbowl winner, I would say the exact same thing. Yeah. This, I remember when we had Chris Carter on, I don't know, it was like six or seven years ago, and he said that he would rather be in the Hall of Fame than win a Super Bowl. And I thought that was crazy.


But the more I thought about it, I was like, hall of Fame. You could maybe say that because you're immortalized forever and there's only a, you know, a handful of those guys that were the best of the best. Best. MVPI think is where I draw the line where I'd rather have a Super Bowl. Yeah. Probably now two time MVP, Two time MVP. But then you might be Hall of Famer. That means great career. That could be Hall of Famer. Yeah. But I understand why Cam would say that. Yeah. I would say that too far. Him, but I did, I did kind of evolve a little bit on the Chris Carter one where I was like, you know what? Hall of Fame is pretty insane and you are, I dunno how many, how many actual NFL Hall of Fame NFL Hall of Fame's. A lot. A lot more exclusive too. Yeah. Yeah. Like basketball Hall of Fame of Cares. MLB Hall Fame Baseball is definitely the most exclusive.


Yeah. Baseball's, but Like too much. So Yeah. But think about how many players play in the NFL. I mean there's 53 guys on a roster and what they let in like five a year. So being an NFL Hall of Famer, that is pretty fucking crazy. We didn't talk about the Ichiro thing when he was, he was selected for the Hall of Fame, but it was not unanimous. Of course. And then every media member was like, we need the name of this person that did not put IRO on the Hall of Fame ballot. Yeah. And the, they should be thanking the guy in the media that didn't do that because it gave them a full day of things to talk about on their sports show of how could each row not be unanimous Hall of Famer. Okay. That guy actually did a great job. Yeah. Yeah. That guy.


Yeah. You, you need, you need that out there every single time. Wasn't Jeter the same Way? Yeah. I think Jeter was the same way. There's never been a unanimous Mariana Rivera Maybe. Yes. Yeah, I think that might be right. 378 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame total. That's pretty crazy. It would be a good club to be in. Yeah. Yeah. Plus you get, yeah, you get the speech, you get the, the statue, you Get the gold jacket. Yeah. Okay. What, what was your other national sports Headline? National sports headline. Somebody in the UK has been arrested for cyber farting. Oh, I Saw this. So this, this woman took a camera on her phone, front facing camera and then put it up to her ass and then farted into it and then sent that video to somebody.


Hmm. So it's not even farting in real life. It was cyber farting. The quote from the, the judgment said Ms. Evans passing wind her face smiling at the camera. The victim was a woman by the name of Deborah Ek. Okay. She said that the booty belches made her feel unsafe in her own home. It was purely malicious. She was, she was smirking throughout and she found it hilarious. But the victim did not. Mm. So now, Ms. Evans, the Farter has to go to 15 rehab sessions. 16 days of, or 60 days of alcohol abstinence. And she has a two year restraining order following her fart. Damn. So it ha, has justice been served? I don't know. Will Compton's in Trouble?


He's in big trouble. Yeah. I actually sent him a Don't go to Britain. He tried to send me a fart for my birthday today and he couldn't muster one up. Not saying, I mean, listen, that's just sad because everyone always expected Will Compton would be able to get a fart out. So I just sent him one back. What would you say the prison sentence would be for this one? I'll play it. I took a video of it. There's nothing like farting in your phone. It's just always a good time. Alright. Gimme my prison sentence. Yeah. That wasn't too bad. Yeah, that's Like 60 days. Maybe some probation, I Think Probation. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe some light community work.


That reminds me, I wanted to do an A spaces on Twitter, but it's just only farts where it's just people farting the entire time and you raise your hand if you think that you can fart. I think someone did that, right? Well, no, it's my snap. I have a Snapchat group check. Oh yeah. That's called Only farts. Only farts. Yeah. Yeah. And you share it with your friends. Yeah. It's just the only thing that goes on in that's in that group chat is just videos of Farting. I just wanna, I wanna Twitter spaces that is nothing but 30 minutes of just people farting the entire time and laughing. And you can laugh at the farts. Yeah. You have to be able to laugh at the farts. Okay. And do we have any other national sports podcast stories that we have to talk about? Yeah. As first report on part of my take by our dear friend Jerry O'Connell.


Matt Stafford is coming back. Oh, He did the research. He Got that by listening to Kelly's podcast. Listen, There were some people who were like, you guys were too hard on JOC. We love JOC, we just demand excellence at this program. Yeah. I mean, we wanted to hear him fight for his job. And he did, to his credit, he, he said, I'm not gonna share managing duties. Yeah. We wanted that fire from him. Right. That might have cost him the managing duties, that ultimatum that he threw at us. But that's good that he, he did the research. He got that. Yeah. It was good to hear. Yeah. It was good to hear him fight a little bit. Yeah. Also shout out to aws. This, this kind of is mind blowing, but Spotify released, what was the exact thing?


They did? Awards. Oh, they did awards. Spotify did awards. So they did like total downloads in the history of the shows? Or was that what it is? Inaugural podcast or Milestone Awards. Okay. So the first group of honorees are getting plaques. Okay. And three Tiers based on total lifetime to date streams globally. Bronze is a hundred million silvers, two 50 Gold is 500. So There's 200 if 500 downloads, 250 downloads, a hundred downloads. The 500 list was, sorry, I'm trying to find it exactly. I think it was Joe Rogan 500 and Crime Junkie.


Okay. So Joe Rogan got and Crime Junkie. And then the Silver podcast, which is 250 million plus CU cumulative streams to date are Dateline, NBC, my favorite Murder and a part of my take. Oh wow. Cat and PFT commentary. That is pretty mind blowing. That outside of just basically True crime. And Joe Rogan we're up there. So thank you to everyone who listens. So, so we get, we get a plaque. A plaque. We're getting a plaque. We're getting a plaque. So I think We're getting a plaque. Even though Spotify fired all their people. Hank. Yeah. I mean, listen, they, they Fucked rap, But they're doing, at least they're doing Something. They're making it up to Hank for that. Yeah, I like that.


Also, yesterday, I I, I'm sorry by the way, like I didn't, I don't, I feel bad for the Spotify people that got fired, but also this like, I have to acknowledge the Rapt was bad. Also, this story is like, I mean the fact that 250 million and we're the only sports podcast with a silver plaque. What do you got? Memes. You got your hand up Di didn't we hit a billion downloads a year ago? Maybe. This is Spotify. Exclusive Spotify. Yeah. So We gotta be close to that 500. Bump us up Spotify. Yeah. Give us a little Yeah. Or bump us up AWS get us that. But it's still, it was like one of those moments where you take a step back, you're like, holy shit. Like there's, it's basically true crime in us and, and Joe Rogan. That's insane. And 250 million downloads is can't wait for our plaque.


It's Pretty cool. Yeah. Very cool. I can't Wait. Wait to lose our plaque. Love you guys. We Will lose it. Yeah, we're gonna lose it. E easily There. There was another piece of news yesterday that I, I discovered by reading a press release. But apparently me and Big Cat own a football team in Mexico now. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. So we teamed up with Mr. Kittle. Yep. Mr. Greg Olson. Mr. Ryan Khalil, who else, who else is Blake Griffin. Blake Griffin. Yeah. I think Christian McCaffrey. So it was very funny because, so I had a Zoom with Ryan Kalil and Blake Griffin, I think it was maybe two months ago.


And they had this idea they're gonna buy a team of an American football team in Mexico. There's a league I think our team actually is the Monterey Osos. Yeah. Which is Bears. And so I talked to them, I was like, we're in this. Sounds awesome. They did all the, the legwork. And then about a week and a half ago, Ryan Kalil and Blake Griffin texted me, they're like, Hey, what's your address? We wanna send you some hats. And I just didn't read the second paragraph. And it was just, we're close to finalizing the deal. Wanna mention you and PFT in the press release if that's cool. And I responded for the hats saying, here's our address. And that sounds great.


And then last night, PFT was like, Hey, did we actually buy part of this team? And I was like, oh fuck. I guess I didn't read the second part of the paragraph. So Yeah, we did did That's Pretty cool. Yeah. As as owners. Yeah. What, what can we say? Osos veto. Yeah. We gotta get to the glory hole. What's the glory hole in Spanish? I don't dunno. But osos and veto means bears are back. Bears are back. All right. Let's see. They got a cool logo too. English to Spanish. You guys are also, you guys know owners. No, we do mean we know them. You, you know us. Yeah. So congrats to that. As an owner, I plan on hiring smart football people and then letting them do their job.


Yeah. A a agu herra de la gloria. There we go. So we gotta get to the agu ara de la Gloria. That's all we need. Yeah. And those windows are not, they're not as big as you think they are. Yeah. Do you still have Swanzi? Is that a, is that a Thing? I think so. I think so. But maybe I actually don't. I think actually they might've, I think they might have sold. Did you ever sign paperwork for the Breakers? I don't think so. We, I think we might have. I don't think so. The Breakers, I think we did. And we have the Water Dogs Nice little portfolio. Yeah. We're, And we, listen, we've won at least one championship. Yep. So that, that's pretty cool.


Yeah. We're, we're, we're owners. What's next? Osos? I don't Fucking know. Yeah. What E game eSports. E games. E games is what I was gonna say as well. We'll Do an eSports team. ESports team. A paintball team Maybe. Yeah. I'd like to get a paintball team. I'd Like to hire Jake on that. Yeah. Gotcha. Gotcha. But yeah, congrats to us. Pretty cool. Pretty Cool. Pretty cool. I don't, I don't know what we're gonna be doing or how we're gonna be running the team, but I do know that the standard is the standard and A Ara de la Gloria. It's coming. Oso Weta. Oso Weta.


Okay. Before we do a quick little, maybe five minute preview of the big game, let's talk to about Dove men's whole body deal. As you're prepare to host game day celebrations, what are some possible whole body odor related issues you may encounter that make you less confident in your hosting duties? Are you afraid to take off your shoes when you enter your friend's house getting nervous? Your team is down at halftime. Tackle whole body odor with Dove men Plus Care whole body. Do this whole body do defends against all your odor zones, from pits privates to feet, and it's long lasting with 72 hour odor protection. Find dove men whole body do at Walmart today. Dove whole men whole body deal. I sprained on some yesterday. I smelled really good. People were giving me compliments. So go get it today at Walmart. Dove Men whole body deal.


Okay, max, how are we feeling? We're gonna do our favorite props one week out. Favorite props? We'll do a full prop show on Friday before the actual Super Bowl. But this is a one week out. Looked at a couple lines. Here's what we're liking.


It's for the Super Bowl. It's on DraftKings Sports Week. You can bet all these props. This ain't the little itty bitty teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59 and DraftKings sports work. Official sports betting partner. Super Bowl 59 has something you don't wanna miss. DraftKings has been The number one place to bet touchdowns all seasons long. And if you thought that one continue for the last game of the year, you thought wrong. All DraftKings customers can place any touchdown bet on Super Bowl 59 and get it matched as a bonus bet in the amount of your original bet Max reward varies. It's the last chance to bet on the NFL this season. Download the DraftKings sportsbook cap use code. Take. That's code. Take place any TD bet on Super Bowl 59 and get it matched as a bonus bet in the amount of your original bet. Only on drafting Sportsbook the Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for Problem Gamble. And call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One bonus bet per customer based on amounts of initial touchdown bet, maximum reward varies. Bonus bet expires 2 16 25 at 11:59 PM Eastern Time. Four additional terms or responsible gaming resources. See sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, max, how we feeling week out? I feel good. I mean, I'm not, I I'm not letting myself really worry until I get to New Orleans. Okay. New Orleans is gonna be, you're gonna see all the Super Bowl stuff around the city. There's gonna be all the Eagles Chiefs, you know, banners. And that's when I'm really going to start getting nervous. 'cause I I, I can't get, I can't do two weeks of of, of freak out. Yeah, You can't. You can't, but you might. No, I can't. Okay. Do you have a prop that you like Max? My prop. I think that Devonte Smiths do. Oh, I think he, I 50 plus yards.


I feel good about Devonte Smith. Okay. All right. Hank, do you have a prop? Yeah, I don't feel as excited. I'm really just blah. What's Wrongs Gonna be, blah? What do you mean? That's Eagles and Chiefs. I don't, I don't really like either. It's future Dude. Your biggest chief future. I know. Biggest future of your life. See, Get up off the Mat. But I know the Eagles are gonna lose and it's like I'm gonna be rooting so hard against the Chiefs and then I'm gonna be mad at the Eagles. So I feel like it's just gonna be, it's gonna suck. The prop that I'll be betting that I'll be rooting for is Patrick Mahomes over one half interception. So Patrick Mahomes a throwing interception. What About just going to New Orleans? It doesn't get you jazzed up. It does. I had a little bit of a, a scary situation last time I was in New Orleans.


Sure. I'm a little bit, a little bit freaked out if I'm being honest, but shaken up. Yeah. But, but, but even if, if, if the Chiefs are gonna win, like just think about how hilarious it's gonna be to laugh at Max. Like that's that's true Already. We've done it. We need new, we need new, we need something new. No, I mean, this is super old though. Like this is, it would be one thing if we were laughing at him for like, Villanova not making the tournament. Like that's like, oh, who cares? Like, they didn't make the tournament. This is super, these are, these are for the Max haters, but it is their Super Bowl. But, But for me, that's a thing. It's like, it is, I am the, you know, the top of the mountain of Max Haters and I, no one loves reveling in his misery more than me. But it comes at the cost of, of Tom Brady and his legacy.


And, and some things are bigger than Max being in misery. I'm not saying don't, I'm not saying like, I would rather the ch I'd rather the Eagles win if I had a choice. It's the Eagles. But the Eagles can win this game. And I'm saying that no matter what, if the Eagles end up losing this game, there's at least a prize at the end of it. It's him. But I then you have to, it's the narratives that's, I don't have to answer those questions forever. That's how I'm, I'm getting ready for Super Bowl. It's like, it's, They're tough questions to answer. Nightmare Scenario is the Chiefs win and Tom Brady screws up the call. Oh, It's not If the Chiefs win, it's, the conversations are tough. It's, they're tough arguments to make. You're really like, I'm really gonna have to get in the lab and, and and You're gonna do some reading, some Fighting.


Yeah. The But I Lose then we're good. I'm not Cashing out my, my future on the Eagles. I'm rooting for the Eagles. I'm rooting for Max. But if they end up losing and I lose this money, I know that I got a nice consolation prize and just looking at him like that's there. Yeah. And he's gonna get back to the exact same level that he was the last time they lost. Oh yeah. Like right now he's trying to play cool. He's not he's not doing a good job. No, but he's trying, next week we're gonna be around the Eagles. He's gonna see some of his heroes. It's gonna be a week of him seeing other Birds fans being like, we fucking got this Max we're Gonna interview Jason Kel. Yeah, It could Be. It could be Jackson Mahome. Yeah, it might be Jackson Mahome.


It might be Jackson. Either. Either Jason Kelsey Or it Jason Barkley. Yep. Yep. Jason Barkley. Saquon's brother Jack Diante. Alright. So what, what's your prop? Hank Patrick Mahomes over. Oh, Over, over Interception. Okay. Alright. I'm looking for no dos. I don't see no dos listed just yet. I'm hopeful that they'll put it back up next week. But I am gonna be taking over three and a half field goals. The gremlin bed, it's at plus 1 25 right now. I like it. And I think they got two great kickers. I like it. I'm going, I think this has gotta be a huge Dallas Gotter game. So I'm going Dallas Gotter over 60 yards receiving plus one 19. Hmm. So it's plus money.


I think this is Dallas Gotter game. I think he's got to eat. He's also, he leads the Eagles in, in receiving yards in in the Playoffs. It feels like he's gonna get his five or six targets. And he's had a, I I'm just thinking off the top of my head, there's been at least two that I can think of where he broke for like 30 plus yards. So Dallas Gotter recurring guest Eat. I Like it. You like that Max. Love it. Love it. Who do you think Taylor Swift is rooting for in this game? Chiefs. Chiefs. But she's from Philly, right? Jeez. Y She's from Philly adjacent. What did future guest Jason Kelsey say about who he's rooting for? Oh, he said he's, it was kind of talking outta both sides of his mouth.


He said, I'm gonna root for my brother and I'm gonna root for the Eagles. So if the Chiefs win, I'm gonna be happy. If the Eagles win, I'm gonna be happy. That's a fair way to look at it. I mean, he's kind of in an impossible spot. Yeah, it sucks Because he does have like best friends on the Eagles and then it's That's his brother. Yeah. What? Yeah, he was like, it's hard to root against family, but the people in Philly are my family too, so. Right. It's like, he was like, if you're, he was like, if you really wanted to ask me, it's gonna be tough to say that I don't want the Eagles to win, but I'm always rooting for Travis Kel. Right? Yeah. Just root for tra He should just bet all of Travis's props and then and parlay it with the Eagles to win the Super Bowl. It's 1000000% a fair answer to give. But also at the same time he could be like, oh, he is not picking a side.


Yeah, they, I tra I I, Travis asked him if he would wear like the split team, the split team jersey and he was like, I I he was like, I will not be wearing Rick. Yeah. Also, I'll, I'll just say this And we will ask him this when we interview him on Wednesday, max will be there Either Ja or either him or you know, Jackson Mahomes. There's Gotta be like the big brother, little brother thing. If it's four one, that's pretty significant. Like you gotta, I don't know how many more seasons Travis K is gonna play, but four one is now he's got a basically a whole hand for year one. Yeah. I mean, especially since one of those could have been just immediately transferred over to him. Correct. Correct. That Hail Mary. Yeah, it could have. Yeah.


Right. Yeah. Mm. Okay. I'm excited to get to New Orleans. Me too. I'm excited for a great Super Bowl Week. Me too. I, I, I've put the final number. I think my goal is to eat 15 gumbos. I love that. 15 gumbos from the time I arrive to when I leave. We're leaving on Saturday morning. Yeah. So Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, six days, 15 gumbos. I love that For you. I think it can happen. I love that for you, max is staying till Monday. He's going to the game. We gotta make sure that you got a real, I wanna do, I, I think we gotta do a Sunday morning quick, like five minute zoom. We can just all zoom in of just the vibes time capsule for the A WL so they can see Max before going to the Super Bowl.


I think that's gotta be, we gotta do that right? Do you think I'll be hungover for that Zoom call? Oh, You'll be so hungover. You might not even wake up for it. Are You going to drink champagne? I will. That's a promise. I will not be drinking champagne. Oh, I thought you were gonna say that's a promise of drinking champagne. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I'll not be drinking champagne getting drunk before the game. I will not, I will not be promising sobriety that Saturday. No, you gotta get hammered. Yeah. I mean, You're gonna get fucked up. I will not be promising sobriety that Saturday evening. Yeah, That's a good non-profit. That's all I, I have to say. Yeah. Okay, let's get to our interviews. We got Jimmy Tetro. We got Nick Wright. And then we'll finish up with Fire Fest of the week.


Before We get to Jimmy Tetro, he is brought to you by our great friends over at Reese's. Their peanut butter cups are the perfect combo of chocolate and peanut butter. Reese's peanut butter cups may be even more perfect now 'cause they've added a layer of ooey gooey, delicious chocolate lava. You can buy Reese's cups basically anywhere. Reese's peanut butter cups will be featured in the big game and they will be sponsoring our week in New Orleans. It's lava time baby. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big cup. They've done it again. They changed the game. It's lava time. Get involved. Try Reese's New delicious chocolate lava Big Cup.


Jimmy Tetro is also brought to you by our great friends over at Chevy Chevy's. Packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer Saturday and Sunday with a truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. Recently. They helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Lowman Award. Shout out Tyler Crowe of Boise State. While the Silverado Trail boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 foot pounds of torque. Hold onto your sodas Max Plus the Trail boss gives you an extra two inch lift so maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado breaks the grit, then pairs it all with the latest truck tech inside and out the result. A truck that can do it all. Then show up on Sunday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Chev, the Chevy Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive.


Okay, we now welcome on our very, very, very good friend. He's in studio. He made the trip just for us. It is the legend Jimmy Tetro. He's got a new movie out. You can stream it now on Amazon Prime. Is that correct? That is correct. Yeah. You're cordially invited. Go watch it. Support our guy. Yeah. I So Will Ferrell produced this right? Produced it, starting it. So I, that had to have been like a pinch me moment where you've been doing all this, your career's been taking off. Some people are saying, you know, basically since you came on PMT like eight years ago, it's like everything's been uphill from there.


Yeah. Some people are saying that, but was it like, holy fuck, I'm doing a movie with Will Ferrell because this guy is for anyone in our age range. Like he's the goat. Yeah. He's definitely my goat. And it was definitely like, yeah, the whole time I was there you'd be just hanging out, kicking it and then there'd be like, that part of me that'd be creeping in like almost nudging myself. Like, dude, that's fucking will fair. Yeah. Right. They'd be like, shut up Jimmy, shut up. Be chill. Be chill right now. But he's like, I don't know. They say don't meet your heroes. That guy is like everything I hoped he would be and more.


That's awesome. It's so cool, so funny. Just he's the best. Yeah. I have nothing but nice things to say about that. And I like, did you ever find yourself? 'cause I, I think if I ever got in a situation where I was around Will Ferrell or working with Will Ferrell, I'd probably over laugh at all his jokes. But not in like a, like a sarcastic way. Just be like, I think you're so funny. I'm just gonna laugh at every joke you've already made. Yeah. 'cause I love you so much. It is funny. I mean, he's actually funny, but it is funny, like when you do a movie and there's like a big star on the movie, they can kind of say anything they want. Yeah. And like, like a lot of times people are just Ha ha. Yeah. Right. Get it. It's Will Ferrell. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah.


But it's not like in a mean, 'cause like, you know, when someone overlaps with something, you're like, all right dude, it wasn't that funny. You're mocking me. But like for him, like, no sir, I I'm not mocking you. I'm literally just laughing because every everything you've ever said is funny to me. He, he like gave us like a little, him and Reese gave like a little speech before the, the premiere. And I, it seemed like he was just coming out to just like, introduce the movie. Like, you know, they've done a few of those, but you could tell the whole crowd was like, just like, oh, what's he gonna say? Yeah. Yeah. He's gonna say something funny. It's coming, it's coming. And he kind of like, felt that. And then it was like, okay, I guess I'll be funny. Yeah. And we started doing like a little bit and it ended up being really funny. Yeah. But I was like, it's gotta be a lot of pressure to be Yeah.


To be Will Ferrell. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I mean to Big Cat's point, it's like, whenever I see Will Ferrell saying something serious, I think like, oh, that was kind of funny the way he said that. You know, like, you, even the serious stuff, you misinterpret as a joke sometimes. Yeah. You're like, it, you're like, it can't be, there's a bit coming. Yeah. Yeah. It's coming. He's, it's, it's serious now, but it's, there's gonna be a punchline. I'm just waiting for it. Yeah. Yeah. You probably also have to check your references around them. Like make sure that you don't, everybody just says Will Ferrell quotes all the time. That's true. True. Like, that's true. That escalated quickly. Yeah. You can't really say that to Will Ferrell. Yeah. Or maybe you can, maybe it's like, remember that time you said that escalated quickly. That was awesome. It's just escalated quickly right now. Yeah. I I I got a question about making a movie.


This is a dumb question, but when did you film this movie? When or where? When we filmed it in 2023. In like May. Okay. So yeah. The, this, this works. That's a long time between filming it and it coming out. Do you like I would forget everything I did. Is that a weird experience to have filmed a movie? Have a year and a half of life go by and then be like, oh shit. Yeah. I did do this movie. It's coming out now. Yeah. 'cause it's happened. There's been movies I've done that have like, even more time has passed and I've like given up on them ever coming out. And then they come out and you're like, oh, okay. That's, and then you're watching it and you're like, oh wow. I hadn't even seen the movie. Yeah. I watched it for the first time at the premier because I like finally got around to watching the link and like my power went out and I was like, I think it's a sign.


I think I just need to watch it at the premiere for the first time. But I, I like 'em, I like watching 'em for the first time with the audience. Yeah, Yeah. Get the vibe. Yeah. Because like, when we do our, our job is very different than making movies, but like, when we do something, it comes out right away. Yeah, sure. So it's like, you know what I mean? Like, it's, it's, it's instant. We tape a podcast, we do a video, it's like, boom, it's out. So you remember everything and you can like converse about it. If we, if we wait, like we do interviews sometimes where we won't release it for, you know, two weeks and I will not remember anything we talked about. But you Guys are also saying a lot more things. True. It's Yeah. That's accurate. It's Just not a good thing. Yeah. Do You guys get, do you guys get post podcast anxiety where you, you, you sometimes finish and you go, what have I said?


There's sometimes, yeah. Well, during the show we'll say something and then immediately afterwards realize that we were a hundred percent incorrect on it. Yeah. And then you have to wait, it's like a 12 hour death sentence. Yeah. Where it's like, okay, this is gonna come out. Everyone's gonna be mad because I mixed up Za Flowers and Tre Flowers' name. And so I just have to be prepared to see that like, nonstop tomorrow morning. Yeah. It's, It, it is funny because I think we've been doing it long enough that I, I can pretty much tell you the minute we finish a show if I'm like, you know, we, some shows are just not the best shows. Some shows are like that. We crushed it. I could tell you right away, like, that was an awesome one. Mm. And like sometimes I'd be like, that was a good one. You know, move the ball down the field. Yeah. Wasn't anything special. Yeah. So I know right away. But yeah. Pf t's right.


When you, when you know, you fuck up a fact and you're like, I'm gonna wake up tomorrow and all my tweets are gonna be like, how could you say this? I'm be like, just gotta live with that. Just be Idiot. But then you, then you do it again. Like what the next day? Yeah. Yeah. Then we screw something else up. Yeah. Yeah. So, and then people move on. Yeah. Yeah. Just keep moving it, keep moving. It True. I I'm curious to know how young you think you could play in a movie. Mm. Like what's your Hollywood age range that you have right Now? I think it's getting, I'm getting further away from my twenties. Mm. But I think I could still, I think I could still play like 25. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Not a high schooler Anymore. I don't think so. Maybe in Greece. Yeah. Yeah. Those, those movies always make me laugh so hard. And TV shows especially where there's somebody who's very clearly in their thirties and they're playing like a high school junior.


But I also, I was watching a movie, it was called, I think it was called The Idol Maker. I don't know if you guys have seen this movie, but at one point in the movie, this guy says, ma, I'm only 27. And I'm, I'm like, looking at this, this actor. And I'm like, there's no way you're 27. He's got like a receding hairline. He's like, I in my head 45. Right. And I look him up. 'cause I'm curious to see how old he was when he filmed the movie and he was 27 in the movie. And I was like, oh, people did look a little older back then. Yeah. Yeah. Cigarettes. Cigarettes and no sunscreen. Yeah. Yeah. I think that was a part of it. Those things. Definitely everyone's smoking cigarettes in bars.


It'd be funny if they did like an American pie, like coming of age story for high schoolers and everybody was in their forties. Like blatantly too old. Right? Yeah. Where like all the high school kids were just middle aged. I would watch that. Yeah. I would watch that. For sure. So are you, so you're, you're a star, you're a movie star. We've, we've been over this, You're a movie star? Yes. Since, ever since PMT eight years ago. That's A fact. Hey, you went from YouTube to, to being a movie Star. I went from YouTube to part of my, my take. Yeah. And then straight to the film Business. Yeah. And then it just, it actually, what was that, what was that woman's name? Bobby Altoff, where they're like, she's a plant. Yes. Jimmy's actually a plant. He's a PMT plant. He's an industry plant. I was a PT. The, The studio execs were like, let's plug this guy into PMT and then see where it goes.


And then it, and then it happened. They were like, holy shit. Holy fuck. Who, who is the next guy that they've planted? Two, two dudes that didn't even know who Jimmy was. Interviewed him. And man, it's going awesome. Alright. So, but are we, are we ready for like, our first like super serious, let's win an Oscar roll. Mm. I I think you Should think you should. I think there might be one that he is working on right now. Can I, Can I throw one? Yeah. Oh, well, I just watched, I just saw a complete unknown with Timothy. Shall Me? Yes. Was Awesome in it. What if we did the Sublime Story and you were Bradley? Dude, they're actually working on that right now.


Oh really? Shit. And, and I actually w was going to audition for it. Oh. But it said, you have to know how to sing. And I was like, dude, I, I can't, Yeah. I can't sing. Yeah. That's, I I I have no faith in my singing. You Would've had the SoCal thing down though. Yeah. I would've had the SoCal thing down. But the, the, it's he's a singer. Yeah. The guy's a singer. So, so they need somebody that can sing like Sha Is Shaima gonna play Brad Noel too? I think he's Shaima will be playing everyone for No one Is anyone who can sing. Yeah. Yeah. That, that would be perfect for you. And I'm glad that they're making that movie. Yeah. That's like, that's everything that I want out of a biopic, but yeah.


Playing somebody else. Have you ever done that? Have you ever like, had to like, go back and play somebody who existed and you learned all about him? Yeah, I played, I played this guy Bert Kreischer. Oh yeah. And I mean, I really had to dig to dig Deep to get in touch with who he was back, back then. Yeah. That's, that's the only biopic I've done. I think. Like I've, I've taken a bit of a stance against Biopics. Mm. I'm somewhat antibio pic. Really? Yeah. Why? I just think enough, Okay.


We've done 'em all and people are starting to get the rights to stories before they're even done happening. Yeah. Like, it's like something like news breaks the, like the, the Luigi Mangione thing happens. Yeah. Oh yeah. And then it's like someone gets the rights the next day. Yeah. Like, dude, this hasn't even finished happening yet. Okay. Let the story at least end before you buy the rights to it and start casting someone to play the person Counterpoint. I don't read. And that's how I learn about things is bio through, Through somewhat fictional bias. Yes. That's so you're kind of, you're making me even dumber than I am. And I'm already pretty dumb. So I need, 'cause I'll go see a biopic, I'll watch it and I'll be like, oh, that was kind of cool.


And then I'll read the guy's Wikipedia and I'll be like, oh, cool. So, and then I'll forget about it. But that was like that, that's kind of how I learned now. So you Think pretty much every notable thing that's happened follows for some reason, like the same story structure? Yes. Yes. Like they all kind of, it's weird. There's always a love interest halfway through. Yeah. They always like get a girlfriend. Yeah. They all get into it. Drugs Yeah. Struggles. Then they hit it. Yeah. And then they're a little too, they, they hit the fame a little too hard, but then they, yeah. It is crazy. Then They give a good speech at the end and talk about how they turn their life around. And then after that everything's great. Yeah. Right. It's pretty cool. Yeah. I actually, when we were shooting this movie, this was my, one of my first experiences with, with Reese, I Witherspoon Witherspoon, the, the, have you heard of the restaurant in LA like two years ago?


Was it the number one restaurant in la? And it came out that the head chef had been murdering cats. What? Wow. I remember that. What is, what's the place called Wild jacking off? Oh, It's not the same guy who had to come out and say that he'd never jerked off on his cat. Right? No. That guy didn't come anywhere near his cat. The cat wasn't In the room because that was, that also happened. No, this, so this was a real thing that happened in la. Okay. And this story broke what Restaurant It was called. I don't wanna put him on blast, but it was called, Well, I mean, it sounds like if he's murdering cats and jerk me off on him. It's The New York, the New York Times put out the article. Okay. So, you know, it's public knowledge, but it was called horses. Yeah. Okay. And it was like The restaurant was called Horses.


It Was called horses. And then the chef accused her husband of killing their cat. Yeah. Like the divorce proceedings came out. Oh. And, And apparently the husband had been murdering cats. Okay. So like, when this story broke, it was huge news. Everyone's phones are going off and I'm on set of the movie and I'm like seeing this and I get the text and I'm like, oh my God. And Meredith Hagner, who plays my wife, is like, what? And I tell her, and she goes, oh my God. Right. As Reese walks up and Reese is like, what? And I'm like, oh no. It's just, it's, it's, it's nothing. You know, I don't wanna be the, I don't wanna be the guy that's like telling her this.


It's like my second interaction with her. You know, I don't wanna have to tell her this story. Yeah. So I'm like, ah. It's just, you know, some crazy story in LA Mary's like, tell her Jimmy. I'm like, okay, well you know the restaurant horses. She's like, yeah, apparently the chef's been, he's been murdering cats. She's Like, oh my God. I'm like, I know, right. And I like, go to walk away. And they're just like, no, Jimmy, tell her the rest. Wild, wild jacking off. She was like, oh my God. And I'm like, that's now my first impression. I'm the guy that was like, yeah. I'm like the cat jack off guy now. Yeah. Yeah.


You were looking at your phone looking for stories about masturbating. Yeah. She, and I'm like, this is not how I wanted my first impression to go here. Yeah. My Google alert went off. It was a jack off cat story. I got it set up. But that actually, I mean I've always Google alerts. It's thrilling to break news to people. I don't know if that's the news you wanna break to someone, but it is thrilling to break news to. It is. I just didn't wanna be the guy breaking that news. 'cause then I was like, there's an immediate association now with me and this story. Yeah. But yeah, she looks at you and she thinks of Kaz being, come on. Yeah. I in my head, that's what was about to happen. You Know, Netflix has the rights to the story. Yeah. So it's gonna be made into a movie. That's, that's really what it is. Anytime something happens, you see people immediately just say like, oh, I can't wait for the ne the Netflix documentary about this.


Or I can't wait. I, I said this on set. And then one, one of the producers was like, I hear her like almost say to herself, I wonder who has the rights? I was like, are you serious? They just can't, this happened today. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you should, when they do the Hawk tourist story, maybe you could be Pooky. Yeah. Or just a Pooky documentary. Yeah. There's A lot out there. Yeah. Lot of meat on that boat. Are they, are they, is she still going? Is she still on her run? I don't think so. Did the whole meme coin thing kind of the Rug pulled, did you invest in that in Dude, I lost it all, man. Yeah. Someone had a incredible tweet that basically was like, did you ever go on the show? Ellen? Ellen DeGeneres? Did you ever go on her talk show? No. But I know the tweet you're talking About was incredible.


Yeah. Someone was essentially like, it's very clear now that Ellen DeGeneres was the Apex Predator in Hollywood. And she would take like in, if she was still doing her show, she'd have Hk Toa on for 10 minutes and like chew her up for all the content, spit her out And we never hear from her again. Yeah. And now without Ellen, we just have these people running around. She did it to Damn Daniel. Remember? Damn Daniel. It's like, it's like Yellowstone. It's like Yellowstone. We need the wolves. Yeah. The wolves. The wolves need to be there. Ellen Was the wolf. And now we have all these people who get a little bit of fame and they just become, they're selling meme coins and stuff. And Daniel fucking Alex from Target. I just saw a Yeah. Photo that was like Alex from Target turned 27 today. Yeah, right.


Where was that from? From American Sniper. There's, there's wolves, there's sheep dogs and there's sheep. Yeah. Right. I guess Ellen, she was the sheep dog. Yeah. So she's protecting the sheep. Us from the wolves out there. Yeah. Right. Like, damn, Daniel. She just Takes 'em, spits 'em out. And now we got Costco guys who are gonna be, I mean, I love the Costco guys, but they're gonna be around forever. You should probably, maybe that's the youngest you can play. Maybe you could play Big Justice. Are you familiar with the Costco Guys? No. Wait, are I thought, Oh God, you, I'm so jealous of you. Boom. Oh, they're the, that's what I was think. Okay. I didn't know they were the Costco, why are they the Costco guy? That's where they started. They just started doing videos in, in Costco. That's Like the, the Whir, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And his and his older brother and dad.


No, They're not related. I'm happy that you're, you don't know this fully because it's always, whenever I have to explain this to someone, I feel so much shame. Yeah. Being like, yeah. So they're these guys and they do these videos and they just say, boom. And they're like, what? Why is that funny? I'm like, you wouldn't get it, man. And they're the ones that have, they have the, the podcast room next door, right? Yeah. Yeah. Right. Exactly. And we're trying to hire Risler. Yeah. He'd be a perfect Will Compton. He is like, remember Lil Terry? Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. He played it, I think College football somewhere. Yeah. There. All these guys are getting older and it's, it's, it's shocking to see them not just staying the same age. Yeah. Like Lil Terry, he was like 12 and he was like smoking blunts with rappers and stuff.


Yeah. And everyone was like, man, it's so funny. He was like, almost like Hezbollah. Yeah. But he was actually 12. Yeah. So it was certainly not okay. I Think the Risler is just an American response to Hezbollah. I think that we saw what they were doing And we were like, we have to develop our own. Right. Yeah. And We have to Get the Rizz. Aren't you happy that you've gotten into movies and like this? 'cause like there was probably a career path for you when you were like starting out on YouTube that you would've, right now you'd be like, I have to do a collab with Big Justice in the Grizzler. That would be tough. Yeah. Like to keep trying to wrangle keep keep To keep the money coming in And also like getting a No. Yeah. Yeah. Like he, so he's a bit busy and you're like, bummed you, you hate to admit it, but you're kind of bummed.


Yeah. Fuck man. I was really banking on doing this collab with the Riz. Yeah. Yeah. You think the, and He's 12 and he just big leagued me. The Riz is probably too late to go to a Diddy party, right? Yes. What were the Diddy parties? Like? Oh man. No, dude. I actually, Well, well, well said. I was, I'm not gonna say I was offended, but I, it just seems like a lot of people Got invited. Got Invited. Yeah. You think anybody's lied about going to a Diddy party right now? Just for the clout? Oh, like, yeah. Hey, heads up. I, yes. I was there a couple times, but I always left before midnight. But that's, so anyone that's saying I was there after midnight. That's a lie. Do you think, and they just weren't there at all, do You think the reverses Yeah.


The reverse. Yeah. People like five years ago were like, yeah, I've been to a bunch of Diddy parties and now they have to retroactive. Be like, I was lying about that. Oh, That would Be like, I wasn't, I Actually wasn't there. I was just trying to be cool. 'cause we were like, Hey, haven't you, What'd you, yeah. You went right, you used to go all the time, right? Yeah. I was, I was lying. Yeah, I lied. You used to like cancel a date. Sorry. I, Diddy invited me. I gotta go. Yeah. And then you end up marrying that chick later. Oh geez. Yeah. This guy I was seeing used to go to a lot of Diddy parties. Oh, The bridesmaids reading the texts after like their first date that they, they got sent when you knew she was the one. Now he couldn't make it to the second one 'cause he was at a Diddy party.


Oh no. That doesn't look so good. That's not as romantic as I thought right now. So I think I, because we played, we had you on right before Beer Olympics. Yeah. And then we played Disc Golf in Grit Week. Yeah. I don't know if we talked about it on the podcast yet, but Real Bros was great. Thank you. Movie. You literally had a storyline about podcasters. I know. And you told us we were gonna be in it. And then it just popped up and it was not just one podcast, it was multiple podcasters and it was, it seemed like we could have just done a clip from this studio and just sent it to you. Yeah. And been like, here, this is a, a five second cameo that you can use.


You know, I, I, I said, I said it before. I'll say it again. There's, there's no excuses. I, you know, I fucked up. Mm. I fucked up. Mm. Well, In reality, I think me and Big Cat would've just liked the opportunity to say no. Yeah. Because we're very lazy. We never got the opportunity To say no. If you had said, Hey, we got a spot for you. We wrote it in all you have to do, fly out to LA for two days, shoot your shots. Go back. Then we would've been like, ah, that's a lot. That's a, that's a lot of travel. That was where my head was at. It was a 10 day shoot. So it was, you know, we had to move fast and Yeah. But like I said, you know, in hindsight I fucked up.


Okay. I appreciate that. But I did want to ask, you mentioned Hezbollah and I was curious what happened to that guy? Is he still going strong? 'cause I used to, I think he is, he used to grace my feet all the time. Yeah. He was really active and I haven't seen him in months. Maybe a year. Yeah. He'd be like punching some random celebrity all the time. Yeah. Yeah. That was like his job. He'd be slapping someone. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what, I do think that the Risler just took over. You think he the Rizz Hezbollah's spot? I think the LER might be CIAI Also think it was bad when Mike Tyson met the Riz or Hezbollah and, and thought he was an actual baby. Yeah. And like picked him up and was taking Stuff. Yeah. I would like to see Proof of Life or Hezbollah though. Yeah. It would be nice.


Yeah. Do you think he hates the Grizzler? Do you think there's beef? Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. For sure. Has to be. Has to be there. I mean, the Rizz is, he's a star. You'll be playing the Grizzler at some point. Should we talk about LeBron James completely hijacking your organization? We can talk about it. Yeah. I'm, I'm open to discussing it. How, how, how dynamic of an athlete do you think Bronny will be? I was alarmed to find out he was only six foot one. Yeah. I mean, that was a while ago now, but I guess in my head he was like six, seven. Yeah. Yeah. And then when they said he was six one, I was like, that just changed my whole perception of, of his size.


His lism, all of it. Yeah. And six one's not like, that's short in the NBA. That's which is Small. Yeah. He doesn't look small though. And he's like, the way he's dunking, it doesn't look six one. Well, he was listed at what, six four in college? Yeah, I think so. I, so, and then they measured him at comp. That's, that's a tough three inches. Is that, is that a shoes off six one? I think so. It's, I think that's how they measure. Yeah. It's, But like, why do they measure They're wearing shoes on the court, I guess. So that everybody, so that some people, occasionally I will wear my shoes that are my tall shoes that give me What are your tall Shoes? I'm not wearing 'em right now, but my tall shoes, they're, Are they hokas? Because Hokas have a lot of, They're Nike seven twenties and they're honestly about two inches in the heel.


Wow. That I can pick up on a good day. So I know when I'm wearing my tall shoes. Yeah. If, if we have a tall guest coming in where they're like six foot seven, I'll put on my tall shoes and still get roasted in the picture afterwards. And then what do you jump up to with your tall shoes on? I jump up to probably five 10. Yeah. It's huge. I I think that's probably why, 'cause you could wear your tall shoes at the combine when you measure in. Mm. Yeah. But like, you can't really wear tall basketball shoes. I don't know. I guess my, my argument is you're not on the court barefoot. Yeah. I I do think that there's a case to be made that LeBron James is a great dad. He's a fantastic dad. Yeah. He's very good dad for getting his son drafted. Yeah. Like, who wouldn't want That?


No. I, I I think if you can do it, you do it. Yeah. Yeah. If you have a chance to play with your kid, you play with your kid. Yeah. It's, it's, it's an absolute no brainer situation for LeBron. But This Iteration of the Lakers does feel like it's just basically LeBron's doing like a legacy couple years here where he is like, I'm just gonna do, which again, I would probably do the same thing where it's like, Hey, I've done everything I've played in the NBA for 20 plus years. I'm just gonna do whatever I want. Hire whoever I want. Have fun. But it's gotta be a little frustrating watching the Lakers being like, Hey, could we try to win games Too? Yeah. It's, it, it, it is. I mean, I, the second we drafted him, I knew, I was like, damnit, we've just signed up for like a novelty situation.


Yeah. Right. Which I'm happy for 'em. But like, they got the photos, you know, they got the photos already Yeah. Of him, you know, they're on the court doing the dad son hug some passes. I think maybe they just are waiting to get like an an oop. Yeah. And then That'll be it. And then once they get the oop, then, then it's like, okay, we can move on now. That'd be funny. If you got cut the next day. I, I thought it would've been perfect if they got him on the court that first night and he took a three. I think that was his first shot. If he just drains a three and then checks out. Yeah. And then everyone like standing round of applause and you never hear from him again. Yeah. And then you never know what he could have done. Yeah. Because then the legend would grow. They'd be like, he might have been better than LeBron.


Yeah. Right. And he also, you could be like, LeBron James played the most amount of minutes in NBA history and Bronny James Jr. Played the least amount of minutes. Played 30 seconds. Yeah. It would've been so good. That would've Been cool. Are we at the point where we can say the once proud Laker franchise? Mm. When we're talking about Bronny Situation? That's no, that's, that's absurd. We're talking about a dynasty here. Of What, what I guess Several of a franchise Of family. Oh, okay. But right now Don't you have to wi like in the once Proud No, no, no, no. It's an always proud situation. Always proud. Yes. But the once proud franchise has now turned itself over completely to LeBron James.


It's not once proud. Like, once Proud would be like, like the Patriots. Okay. You know, the Patriots were once proud. Now they're not so proud. But the Patriots won a Super Bowl. When was the last time they won the Super Bowl? I mean, the Lakers haven't won a title since Kobe. He's gonna count 2020. Yeah. Yeah. He is gonna try to count 2020. I'm gonna count 2020. Okay. Well we don't count 2020. Yeah, but you have to count 2020. Well, you don't, we literally don't. So you, I mean, I think 2020 is, you take all the fans out. Oh, he's Gonna do the hardest thing. It's, That's the only correct response that you're doing. Yeah. No, They went to fucking basketball camp in Orlando. They didn't have To basketball camp. But weird, The old guy who didn't have to travel or play any weight games end up Winning out the, the home court advantage there.


It just, it just them in there. This is, if anything it count, it should count more. This is sounding like he's not Proud. If anything, there's No pride. 2020 counts the most, the Most. This is the correct answer though. If you're defending the Lakers, you have to go all the way in the other direction. Yeah, Absolutely. Listen, you take out all the distractions and you just boil that game down to who's truly the best. Everyone plays on the same court. Everyone plays the same court, get No traveling for the guy who's in his late thirties, No traveling. You know, tougher on those young guys. They haven't traveled as long. Yeah. So if anything, they had the advantage.


They enjoyed it more. They don't have families he had to deal with missing his family. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Yeah. The older guys have to deal with that. Yeah, that's true. If anything, it, that was just a testament. Are you at the level where you can get Courtside Lakers tickets? Do they give them to you? No, I've been courtside. I have a buddy who has some Courtside Okay. Tickets. How does that work? Do they give, I would assume I have of the celebrities sitting, I think a lot of, a lot of agencies have have Courtside tickets. Got it. So then if you like, really, I mean like, they usually give 'em to like, like you'll see like Rihanna. I like, I think, you know, You're on the same level as She hast.


No Ball Me. Yeah. Listen, we're the number one Jimmy Tetro podcast. 'cause we need you to be an Alister so we can be like Right. Our A-list friend Jimmy Petro. I, no, I was actually supposed to be, I was under the impression I had Courtside ticket to the Knicks last night. Oh. My manager was like, Hey, got its Courtside tickets. And then we ended up being in, in like the third row. Oh no. Which, you know, I, I didn't wanna, I didn't wanna be like complaining. Were you On the jumbotron? I did go on the Jumbotron from the third Row. Fuck yeah. And everyone That's brutal. Everyone's like, So what was it Kiss cam or something? Yeah, me. Me and him. Me and him. That's tough. Third row.


Oh, that's, how'd you deal with that? Like, you, at that point you would almost not wanna be on the Jumbotron. Yeah. They're like, Hey, can we show you? I was like, you're still showing me. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Could you hear Spike Lee? He was pretty close. I couldn't hear him, but he was like, I mean, I don't think he was very vocal last night. I think I would've heard him, but he was, he was like 10, 15 feet away. Yeah. Yeah. I respect Spike Lee because after all these years, like he's still at Nick's games. Yeah. Just, that's the thing. I think he probably cares about the Knicks more than anything else in his life. Yeah. Like, that's the guy that cares about basketball. I mean, how, if you look at the amount of Knicks games he's been to, compared to, I mean, what, what's his last movie?


Was it Black Klansman? I believe So. I don't know. I don't know if he, there's it Was a while ago. Another Joint was a while ago. Joint. How come he gets to say a Spike Lee joint? Nobody else gets to say joint. Yeah. Why don't We get a Jimmy BT throw joint? I guess you could say joint. I don't know what that means. Like credit wise, if you put joint up there, like if it, if it like fucks something up Yeah. In the paperwork. And maybe he just doesn't care. Like maybe he's getting a, like a joint. A joint by credit instead of like a created or written. Yeah. He doesn't have any, he doesn't have any writing credits. It's just jointed by It's so funny because he also, when when you talk to somebody about Spike Lee films, like I was talking to my mom when Black Klansman came out and she said, I'm gonna go see the Spike Lee joint at the theaters.


My mom's Your mom said that. My mom's like 80. Yeah. It's a Spike Lee joint. I love that. Yeah. Yeah. It is pretty cool how you can brand yourself that way. Yeah. He's cornered the markets of, of joints. So, To Tero Bong. Yeah. I got a I A A Tero What? Bong. Bong. Yeah. Bong Bong is better than a joint. I Thought you, I thought you said B and I was like, Oh, that works too. A Tero BA Jimmy Tero Bong. It should be a cool thing. Like a bomb should be a good thing. I feel like. Yeah. In movies. Yeah. Like it bombed like it fucking Yeah, but no, It's not. It's bad. It's bad. It's Bad. Maybe I could rebrand Bomb a Jimmy Tero bomb. I Like that. Yeah. Yeah. You could, you could try. I could try. Yeah.


We'll Support it. Are is real bros done? I think so. Ah, Yeah. I love it so much. For now. At least. I mean, I, I I It's so you're Not saying maybe, maybe it still has something I Yeah. Not it's, we did what we, we we we gave it the ending. We wanted to give it. Yeah. We, that's Tony Hawk play Adult Hawk Hawk's Older than Me. Hawk Dies of old age. Spoiler alert if you haven't seen it. Yeah. But like, I really saw Hawk dying as being like, that's it. The ending. Maybe there's, you know, a spinoff somewhere down the road.


I don't know. But I, it's not what I'm thinking about now. Okay. I'm focused on other things. I Just love it so much. Yeah. Everyone should go watch it. Watch the, the, the seasons as well. Yeah. That, that makes sense though. Yeah. I mean, it was a good movie. And, and you put obviously like a lot of time, a lot of thought your heart into writing this series. And now, you know, you're, you're doing a lot of acting. Are you still carving out time to like, work on writing? Yeah, so I am working on another show right now that it is, I don't wanna jinx anything. So I don't wanna say anything that hasn't happened, but it's set in the snow. Okay.


Mm. And there's a wood chipper And they're dogs. And one guy, oh, one guy's a, there's dogs car salesman There. That's not where my head was at. But there, there could be dogs. Do they have boners? Is it animated? It's not animated. Ah, it's not animated. Set in the snow Comedy show Watched this French Avalanche movie. It fucking sucked. Don't do that. The Alpinist. Yeah. That Sucked. Yeah, I heard the ending is no good. No, I don't even know if it was that. No, it was Alpinist. The Alpinist. That was the, the mountain climbing movie? No, it was, it was like literally a, a French movie where they were all at a resort and then there was an avalanche and the husband didn't immediately save the kids and wife.


And then it was just boring as far It was. It was in French. Yeah. I think so. I think that was probably the issue for me. Who was the main, I don't know, French guy. I don't know. I'll look it up. Don't do that movie is what I'm saying. Okay. You don't strike me as the kind of guy that'd be watching French films. I got tricked into it. I saw, like, I, I started it and then I think the avalanche happens really quickly. So you get hooked and then you're like, wait, is this subtitles the whole time? That just kind of fucked me up. I'm a subtitles guy all the time, by The way. Yeah. I'm a I'm a big subtitles guy. Do You know what, actually, can you do this for me? Because I I, I did go to the movies last week. Can you talk to someone in Hollywood, there needs to be an option. Like they have an IMAX option, they need a subtitles option.


I completely agree with this. Yeah. I was actually thinking it'd be cool if there was like, 'cause I get subtitles when I go to the movies 'cause I can't hear very well. Yeah. But like when you buy a subtitle device, I mean, you don't, you don't buy it. Wait. But when you get a sub, you go, you can go to any theater and say, can I get subtitles for the movie? Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, but you, how do you Do that? Well, you don't want to do it because what they hand you is this three foot long metal stick where you stick the end in the cup holder and then you like crank the subtitle into position in front of you On a screen. So There's like a little screen that you get that has kind of a shield around it.


So the people like to the, to your right and above. You can't, like, there's no light. I didn't even know this. So you, you angle it so it's right under the screen and then you kind of have to like, 'cause it's so close, refocus, you know Oh. To do that. And it is like loud, like if you wanna move it, it's like, and you're walking around, you know, getting popcorn, holding this massive pull. I'm like, I just want to understand the movie. Yeah. And I, you got me walking around this theater looking like a fucking idiot. I, yeah. I had no idea that these exist either. I didn't exist. Yeah. Do they like check some sort of card from me or anyone can get it?


Yeah, I'd bring my, I bring my hearing test and slide it across. Yeah. And they say, yep, death Enough. Do you get that every time? I do, but a lot of times, like imax, they don't do it for, for like 70, 75 mil or 70 millimeter imax. So They need to have it be a theater where it's just subtitles. Yeah. They do need that. Because I'll go to, I, yeah. Like I went to, I forget, I, I, I saw one recently and it was 70 millimeter imax and I was like, Hey, could I get the, the subtitles? And they go, oh no, this is 70 millimeter imax. And I was like, yeah, no, I'm aware. Yeah. And they're like, yeah, that would ruin the viewing experience.


And I was like, it's like, but I can't hear. What if I can't hear? Well, how, how about my viewing experience? Yeah. Yeah. By the way, the movie was called Force majeure sucked. Don't watch it. Force Force One. Force majeure. Force majeure. But I didn't, I didn't use to do that. But my brother, he has a worse hearing loss than me. Volleyball player. Volleyball. Deaf Volleyball team def Captain volleyball. Shout out Olympics. Is he going to the Olympics? Tokyo in November? That, is that the Olympics? That's the Deaf Olympics. He was in the deaf world championships last time I talked to you guys. Yeah. So the deaf Olympics this upcoming November, This upcoming November, Tokyo, what are they Expectations Are going? I'm going baby. Fuck. Yes. Are they, are they the top seed?


They are not the top seed. No. Turkey I think is the top seed. They're good. Do, do they really? Like, are there any times controversies About, well I that, but Would it even help The Turk's team? Well, 'cause you can't communicate. Got It. So like, there's a lot of communication in volleyball. You have to take your hearing aids out. You can't talk to each other. You can only sign. But I would, I was like, you know, seeing these Turkish guys and I'm like, I'd like to see some hearing tests. Yeah. I don't think that guy's definitely you Should bring like a ball going Behind. I'm like, Hey. Yeah. Hey. Did I, I don't know if I told you this last time, but there was one time where they would like keep playing. The whistle would blow, but like Yeah.


They can't hear the whistle. Yeah. Yeah. So they just keep going and going and just like, Stop. Please stop, stop. Turn on like a giant red light in the stadium. Yeah. Yeah. It was like, how's the deaf track meet? Go? Yeah. You know, the gun goes off and everyone's just, You gotta, we gotta win. I can, we bet We gotta figure out A way to bet on this. Yeah, you can definitely bet on this. I want, I want you guys to win. Is this, is this indoor volleyball or is this beach volleyball? Indoor. Mm. Yeah. So we're expecting gold. We would like gold. Mm. You have to, I'm expecting gold. You have to expect it. I'm Expecting gold. We're expecting gold. We are. I'm expecting gold. But he was the one that introduced me to this whole, I didn't even know. Like, you could go to theaters and do that.


Yeah. So now I do, but I'm embarrassed about it. Yeah. They need to make it so it's shame free. Shame free. Like give anybody, and I guess everybody does have the option, but put it Yeah. Make it, make it well known to everyone. We're gonna do this. It's gonna have subtitles. And also when you ask the people, they, they all have 'em. But everyone's response is, oh yeah, I, yeah. Yeah. I'm like, did you have to react like that? Yeah. Like, no one has ever asked for this before. They dust them off. Yeah. They call their manager. Yeah. Yeah. If I was, you know, a little more anal about things I could, I'd cause a ruckus about this.


About this Situation. You should, Yeah. You should absolutely. Cause a Ruckus. I like watching. I, I watch squid games, but I do it with not the subtitles. I do it just with the overdubs, which I guess is, is bad for the actor. Right. Because the act Yeah. You don't wanna do the dub. You lose out on all the actual inflection and the acting of it. But also, I'm very lazy. And sometimes I'd rather just hear than have to read. Well, also with the, with the dub you lose other sounds too. You know? Yeah. Because think about it, like if they're on set or like, if they're recording our, our dialogue and you know, you're hearing, you know, I sit down, you hear the, the couch as I'm talking, you know, and that's in the same sound clip.


When you dub it, you lose other sounds. Yeah. You know? So then they gotta like manufacture like little things. They don't like put a, a chair in the recording studio and have you sit down as you're talking. I don't think so. Have you ever done any dub work? I did. I dubbed a animated movie from Japanese to English called Air Bound. And I played a mouse named Matthew. Oh, That's a big role. It was huge. But it's funny because they give you, they like give you the script and it's the same sentence somewhat, but like they, they write it in a way where it kind of looks like what's being said.


So you're trying to match to what already exists. Whereas when you do it the other way around, you record all the audio and then they animate to your voice. Yeah. So it's harder to, to, to dub. So you have to like, get notes about what the other voice actor, where the inflection was, how it was said. And then you try to mimic that the best that you can. Pretty much like, you see it and then you see the line and you're like, try to match it as well as you can. It's not, it's not gonna be perfect, but you just try to match it as well as you can. I also learned on that thing that like, when it's a kid show, everything goes up. You know, like, I'd be like, here we go. Here we go. They're like, no, here we go.


Oh yeah. Everything has to be exciting. Yeah, I know. I watching shows with my kids, they all have the same Tone. It goes up. Yeah. And it drives me nuts. It's not how I say things, but that's like what the, the, I don't know. Kids just fuck it. Here we go. Yeah. Yeah. Because in a kid's movie, like every two seconds you have to actively keep the kids' attention. Yeah. Right. Something excited. What are your kids watching Right now? Big into Minions. Oh. Which is, I love Minions. That's awesome. Because Minions are hilarious. I Love the Minions. Yeah. They're hilarious. Moana too. We've been watching that a couple times. But then it's like, we'll mix in the, like there's this like Ms, it's not Ms. Rachel, there's Ms. Rachel, but there's like a Ms. Katie or something that she sings songs.


And I want to just put a bullet in my head. What about Blippy? Blippy they watch, which I know the backstory of Blippy and I, I don't know if I'll ever tell my kids that, but Is it dark? Oh no, it's not dark. Biopic, biopic coming. Yeah. Blippy Blippy made probably the funniest video I can ever, I, I think the funniest internet video, if I had to pick one all time, Blippy created it. And, but then has gotten scrubbed from the internet. So it was, what was the Harlem Shake? Remember the Harlem Shake fad? There was a Harlem Shake. It was two guys doing the Harlem Shake and the beat drops and they're in the bathroom.


And then when the beat drops, I can't remember if it was Blip Ear or his friend, but whatever it is, one of the guys was then taking a shit across the bathroom into the other guy's asshole. And I've never laughed harder Projectile diarrhea. It's, you can't find the video anymore. It was one of the funniest videos I've ever watched in my entire life. And that's flippy. Yeah. And that's, Yeah. That's flippy. That's what my kids watch Every day. That so that's flippy. Yeah. Yeah. Was the Harlem Shake 10 years ago? It was nine, I think, right? Yeah, because we, we did one, one of our first videos that Big Cat and I ever did, we were at the Niagara Falls Museum. Right, yeah. And dressed up as a couple of Canadian guys in 2016. That Was a mannequin challenge.


Oh, that Was a mannequin C Oh, Manne challenge. Okay. Yeah. Harlem Shake. Yeah. It was probably 10 years ago. Yeah. Thanks Hank. But that's, yeah, they watch Blippy. They like Blippy. And I'm just sitting there like, all right. The, the Niagara Falls Museum is, it is at Niagara Falls. That's Amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Is It just a room with a window where you can look at Niagara Falls? No. And that's the museum. They have dioramas in there. Okay. Of like, this happened near Niagara Falls. At some point in history, they Have the picture. Pretty much the coolest thing the Niagara Falls ever had was, I think outside of Harry Houdini was the time when they stopped it for like a while. To, to, to, what do you mean They stopped it? They Shut down. They shut down, down Niagara Falls. They Damned it. They found a couple bodies. They like had to do an ecological study or whatever you call it.


You never seen This picture. I've understood damning things. How you, the picture, how you stop the water. How do you first stop the water in order to build the thing that stops the water? Dams freak me out. Oh, that's a good question. I don't really know. Like I, I have the same question about cranes, about giant cranes. When you see like a huge one that's taller than any building in the city. Right. How do they build that crane? Was there another crane? A bigger crane that came in? Yeah. Tunnels. But yeah, tunnels Blow my mind. Underwater Dams do freak me out. Just underwater engineering in general. No idea how it gets stopped. Find the picture. Some questions are better. Left unanswered. He Wasn't listening. Niagara Falls when they stopped it. That's a good Google search. Niagara Falls when they stopped it, There it is.


Niagara Falls took a picture Stopped. 1969. Look at that. They just stopped that shit. Isn't that crazy? If you told me that was like a little, like a really little Yeah. It doesn't look as good. Yeah. Oh, okay. There. It doesn't look as impressive. But yeah, they just stopped it. I think there's like four of 'em and they stopped three outta four of 'em. Pretty crazy, huh? We used to go over Niagara Falls and, and barrels all the time. We as a species. Yeah. And there hasn't been a barrel guy for a while. Pussification of America. Yeah. There's a lot of jump guys that jump off of high. I watched those videos, Dude. My feed has been taken over by these guys. Yeah. They do like 10 back flips and then just land in water.


Yeah. Oh, those guys. I thought you were talking about the the skyscraper guys like in Russia, but yeah. Oh, those crazy. The guys who are doing the jumps and they always do the thing where they get their hands and feet together at the end. Oh, dives. Yeah. They throw a rock to break the tension. Yeah. And then there's like some dude in Norway who's jumping like 180 feet With the, with the hammers. Yeah. Have you seen that guy? It's crazy with the two Axes. I watch it every time. I'm like, why, why the axes? It's cool. Yeah. So when You, this guy takes two axes and he, he just jumps off cliffs into the water, jumps Off A cliff. Yeah. And like axes the water when he lands. Yeah. That's pretty fucking, it's Badass. Yeah. It's badass. Yeah. I love that. Yeah. I, yeah. The, the, the feed. Like seeing all these guys that, it's just so funny to think about like 20 years ago, like, were these people doing this thing or was it because social media now exists that everyone's got their thing and They keep pushing the, the record.


Like the world record death died 40. Oh yeah. We're gonna watch him die. Yeah. Yeah. Someone the winner will die. Yeah. And I will watch it. It will, I'll see it on my Instagram feed and be like, sensitive content. Are you seeing a lot? Click right through of death videos. 'cause I'm seeing a lot, I'm seeing a lot of death. I wish I was seeing less death. I saw A lot of death like four months ago. Yeah. I feel like that's when it, it was always like, the next video you'd be watching on X and then the autoplay next video would be like somebody getting shot in El Salvador. Yeah. And it, it was like, there's just, there's too much death going on social media right now. I don't know if I changed something or if they changed something, but I feel like I haven't seen as much recently. Yeah. There was a stretch where I'm pretty sure I saw every single person die in the Ukraine war.


Yeah. Yeah. Like I just saw every single soldier that died. I just saw him. I would see, it would seem like an, like a unsuspecting video. It'd be like the definition of fuck around and find out. Yeah. Yeah. And it'd be like, oh cool. It's gonna be a little fight or something. Yeah. And it'd be like, you know, an argument and then someone pulls out a gun and like kills someone. Yeah. And I'd be like, dude, it's 9:00 AM. Yeah. Or, or it would be like a, a drone footage of like a barren wasteland. You're like, oh, this is interesting. What the hell is this place? And then it just like goes down and it's 10 feet above like some soldier just begging for his life and then they kill him. And it's like, oh, okay. I guess I watched that. I deleted X. Yeah. What the everything app. It all happens on X. Why? It was just depressing me.


Everything I was seeing on there was just like, I'm jealous. It was just bad. I'm jealous. I didn't like anything I was seeing. And I was like, I go on here. I see depressing information and just terrible opinions. And then I get mad. Wait, So are you, is your relationship with the internet now? Like, you don't get any feedback? 'cause that's incredible. No, I, I mean I, I still like, I'm still on like Instagram. Right. But is are you getting feedback there? Are you looking at the comments section? Like, are you getting, are you just living your life essentially? Which is sounds incredible. I think so. That's awesome. But like feedback in one sense.


Like, you Read the comments obviously on your Instagram post. Yeah. I don't read all of them, but I, you know, I see the Yeah. Peruse. Yep. See 'em. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But like, but It's not like, it's not like when I was like posting YouTube videos where I would like Read all the comments Or when I would like post like every week for, you know, I, I you guys are posting things consistently. Yeah. So there's more of like a feedback dynamic. Yeah. Yeah. I guess what Big Cat means is just like reading all the comic. Like you post anything and then people have an opportunity to tell you what you screwed up. And then you focus on those people and then you get bummed. You don't do that. You don't live that lifestyle. That's Awesome. Not anymore. No. That's Awesome. That's pretty good. I do like the idea of you 'cause you don't have Twitter anymore.


Like if you don't post a lot on Instagram, like maybe you go like six months and then someone finally gets their takeoff about like real bros. They've just been waiting for you to post something so they can comment under it. Bring Something up from two years Ago. Yeah. Oh, there you are. Yeah. Oh, Finally. Yeah, finally. I got some Shit to say. Why'd you, why'd you choose this plot point? I got 'em Finally. The, the, the color was all off in this scene. Yeah. I mean, I can give you just a roundup of what you missed from the last time that you posted on X. Okay. What was the last time I posted? How long ago was it? This Will forever be the best prank of all time. And it's a guy, bunch of guys moving a storage unit and porta-potties And dude, that, that prank is incredible.


Have you seen that prank? I'm watching it right now for the first time. It looks pretty good. It looks like a great prank. So you posted that on September 18th, 2024. The first reply is dollar sign. XRP. You want make a thousand dollars right now? Just did. And then nothing else. See what I mean? You missed that guy. That guy tried to make you a thousand dollars. Like what are you Doing dude? It's also all the replies are like unrelated now. Like they're, they're yeah. Oh yeah. They're like random. Like people just send random things now in replies. Stupid Shit. Yeah. Just a bunch of, yeah. I don't like it over there. Yeah. Alright. I had to get outta there. I got one last question for you. Jimmy. Thank you for coming by, by the way, for people.


Jimmy's been our good friend. For what? Oh, how many years is it now? I dunno. When was the first time I came on bmv? I, 2018? 2019. Maybe. I wanna say 2019 Whenever your career really took off. Yeah. It might have been Whenever your tax bracket went to the highest. Oh, it was after the bees. Yeah. It was after your bees. It was Was after The bees. Yeah. 'cause we, I think every time we have you on, we ask you how the bees are and you're like, oh, I don't have bees anymore. Remember I've been telling you that for six years. Yeah. We're so stupid. But it is, it, it's like one of the coolest things we do in our, like one of the coolest things we get to do in this job is like become actual friends with people we interview and, and become part of the show.


So. And Jimmy, I was g what I was gonna say is, Jimmy was in New York last night for the premier is flying back to LA and he's like, you know what, I'll fucking stop in Chicago and see you guys. So thank you very much. We appreciate that. So my last question,


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take, let's just go vision board. What's, what's the next role we want? Let's put into existence. And then we're gonna start just talking about it subtly talking about it. When we have like people in the industry on, we're like, you know, who played, who do good in this role, Jimmy Tetro, that kind of stuff.


I think it's time for an action roll. Ah, I love it. I think it's time for an action roll on the acting side. I love It. On the writing side, I'm still into comedy, but on the acting side, I think it's time to do some action comedy Top Andre, Start doing some stunts while I'm still athletic. 23 Jump Street. I would love to do, I'm getting too old, but I, I always wanted to do a basketball movie. Oh, Hoosiers. The next Hoosiers. The next Hoosiers. I could, you know, about The 2020 Lakers? Yeah. Who Could have thought LeBron measuring? Yeah. The Rim. Would you play LeBron? I would play, I would, I'd buzz the head.


I'd play Caruso. Okay. That Makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, I could see that. Yeah, that'd be perfect For sure. Yeah. Being in a sports movie would be pretty sick. That would be cool. 'cause also, when was the last time we had a good like, big sports movie? Yeah. It's been a while. I think they just all become miniseries now. That's true. Yeah. Not everything needs to be a miniseries. I Agree. Yeah. Like with documentaries sometimes it could be one thing. Yep. It doesn't need to be three episodes. Yep. Agreed. Just make it one doc. Yeah. I'm trying to remember the last good sports movie that we had. There really hasn't been one for a while. I, yeah. I can't, I'm, I'm at a loss. I'm thinking right now. Anyone Got one? Anyone? Max Memes. You got one Last good sports movie? The Adam Sandler basketball one was good.


Oh. Oh yeah. I didn't see that with Hernan. Which one? What'd he say? Adam Sandler Basketball. Adam Sandler ba basketball movie. Oh. Played like a scout. Oh. Thunderstruck. Starring Kevin Durant. Thunderstruck starring Kevin The, I dunno if it counts, but Iron Claw was very good. The wrestling movie. Movie. Oh, that was fantastic. Yeah. I, I guess I, oh yeah, I guess that counts. Yeah, That part hustle is what he's talking about. Oh, hustle. But yeah, let's get another good sports Movie. I haven't seen Hustle. What do you Got Hank Air. Air was good. But that wasn't a lot of sports, right? Oh, Kevin James. Oh yeah. Kevin James, Sean Payton. This is happening. Yeah. No, it happened.


It did. What do you mean? It already happened. Kevin James played. Sean Tonton did. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It already happened. Is It out? Yeah. Oh Yeah. It came out like two years ago. Yeah. Very good. Yeah. So Is it, is it funny or serious Bad. Oh, you didn't ask that. I haven't Seen it. I don't know. I haven't Seen it because that screenshot that looks serious. Yeah. Well it was about Bounty Gate and how he went and coached. He took it, he got suspended for a year and then went and coached his kids like peewee team. So yeah, that happened. Wow. Jimmy. I found an old a MA that you did. And one of the people asked you, I'm nothing bad, don't worry. One of the people asked you if you could, this Is a terrible sentence, This is from 11 years ago.


So put yourself back in that mindset. They asked you if you could share the screen with one other actor. Who would it be and what genre you just replied with the actors you gave two of them. Will Ferrell. Oh, check second Jim Carrey. Ooh. What's Jim Carrey up to these days? I don't know what Jim Carrey is up to these days, but that is Jim Carrey in The Grinch. That was the first time I, I thought to myself, maybe I should act. Hmm. Really? The Grinch man. The Grinch Grinch. The light bulb up. Yeah. What was it about his, his acting in the Grinch? I just remember how I felt watching the Grinch. I was like, wow, he's bringing me so much joy. I would like to be able to bring someone this much joy.


It's amazing. Oh, he retired in 2022. I don't know. He could do that. But he retired in 2022 but later returned. Oh, for Sonic three? Yeah. Well You gotta come back for Sonic Come Three. Come on. So it's, it's funny to retire after Sonic Two, but come back for Sonic Three. For Sonic Three. That sounds like a break. Yeah, that sounds like a break. That's very cool though, that 11 years ago you're like, I want to do something with Will Ferrell. And now that is cool. You can go watch it on Amazon Prime. You're cordially invited. Go watch it. Support our guy. So even if you're not a movie guy, just put it on. You can walk away if you want. Yeah. Just stream it. Yeah, just stream It. Throw it on, stream It as many times as possible. Just Throw it on. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna stream it all night tonight.


Why not? Alright, Jimmy, thank you man. You're the best for coming by. Thank you guys. Also, Jimmy did hit his first shot on the court. That's pretty sick. Yeah. After His airball. Yeah. My, I hit my first shot. There was a, there was one. I took one and then I hit the first one. Yep. Right after That. Yep. Well you've been training for your basketball movie that's coming up. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. Got a shot coach tape out there. Yeah. Yeah. The Myers Lynyrd story between Jimmy Tacher.


Jimmy Tetro was brought to you by Mountain Dew. You can add a blast of refreshing tropical flavor to your game day with Mountain Dew. Baja Blast Mountain Dew. Baja Blast is a part of my game day ritual. I like to have one at halftime. Gets you energized for the second half. A lot of people start to fade. Not me, I'm drinking my Mountain Dew Baja Blast. I'm coming outta the tunnel. Swinging the tropical lime flavor of Mountain Dew. Baja Blast is refreshing as hitting a parlay fuel's great ride. The Baja Wave on game day. Grab Mountain Dew Baja Blast for you and your crew. Wherever refreshing beverages are sold, Mountain Dew Baja Blast, one of the goats of the entire soft drink industry. The Baja Blast. Grab a pack today for you and your crew.


He was also brought to you by Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See the app for details.


And now here's Nick Wright. Okay, we now welcome on our Good Friend. It's been too long. It is. Long time. Long time. It is Nick Wright. You can see him every day on Fox. First things first. Fox Sports. You can get his podcast with. Which is what what? What's the name of the podcast again? What's right? Jesus Christ Man, you're not helping me. No I'm not. What's right with Nick Wright? With my son? Yeah. It's me and my son. Yeah. Subscribe, follow on YouTube, Spotify, whatever. It should have been the right stuff. Mm. Well what's right's? What I called my radio show when it started at Syracuse and in Kansas City.


So all my audio stuff's always been called What's right. I, Yeah, it should be the right stuff. I'm just, I'm not trying to tell you how to do your job, but it should be the right stuff. Or you can call it, well, You know what, we'll consider rebranding. Yeah. I mean that's not hard to do the right stuff. Like I, in my head I was like, it's the right stuff. Right? Because that's intuitively an incredible name. And then it's like what's Right. Another Way to look at it is that name's been taken and it's been used and so this is new. Can I ask p before, because I know we're gonna talk Chiefs, can I ask PFTA specific question first? Yes. I, sorry. I do, I'm a bad podcast guest 'cause I'm just used to hosting so I, so I apologize. Alright, so PFT if I said in June of 2028 and asteroid is gonna hit Peru and cause damage, the likes of which we haven't seen in centuries, and everyone's like, you're crazy.


That's, that would never happen. It's never happened in Recorded human history. And then in June of 2028 and asteroid hit Uruguay. Am I more right? Or than the people who said it would never happen I was dead wrong. There's a reason I'm asking this, but just answer that. Well, I'd say that you're like, you're off by like 900 miles. That's not, that's not close. Oh, you think it's not close? 'cause I would say I'm like 99% correct. 1% wrong. So what, here's What I say. Let, let me ask you, Dick, what were you wrong about that you're claiming you're right about? Well, if in August I say for the first time in NFL history, a rookie's going to be playing to go to the Super Bowl and make the Super Bowl and that rookie is gonna be a Heisman Trophy winner.


And that rookie's gonna be a top two pick. And that rookie's going to have a connection to Cliff Kingsbury. And then this all happens and everyone's like, oh, you're an idiot. You said Caleb Williams was gonna make the Super Bowl. And I'm like, I basically called it, yeah, I was off by as you put 900 miles, but I'm more right than everyone else. Yeah. That's like, I am the most right about this. I I'm gonna disagree with you on that, but that's okay. I think that I, I admire the fact that you were willing to put your balls on the line for a take. You've never been afraid of that. How? In September of this year, I said after the commanders beat the Cardinals, I saw, I said, I think that this team can lose the NFC championship game.


That's how good I thought they were. Well you were right. Yeah. So in the, in in calling the NFC this year, most w right? PFT Yep. Second most. Right. Nick Wright. That's how I feel. And I, I wanna defend you Nick, because I think also you were so Danny Parkins, everyone should watch his show. He is with Stink and Carton and I, I know Danny Danny's your best friend Nick. He, he joined Fox in the summer. I feel I always saw it as you trying to help him and being like Caleb Williams. Like I I would watch you talk about Caleb Williams and be like, he's doing this for Danny. I I appreciate it. 'cause anyone talking about the pairs quarterback like this is awesome. But, so I actually don't think you were that wrong. Have you thought about Play One's cards right as your name of your podcast?


I'm gonna think of some more. Okay. No, I I I'll stick with what's right. But on the Danny note, so he in the spring was in New York for a conference and came on the show for the first time ever. And this was way before like it was even thought of between here. I like Wait, Fox might hire you full-time, do a show. And on that show we talked The Bears and Caleb. 'cause they had just drafted it and I went over the top 'cause I had already been a big Caleb guy with Caleb stuff. And then the second time on the show was the time when I said I might pick the Bears to make the Super Bowl.


Yeah. And our group of friends was like, that might be the Scummiest thing you've ever done to a friend Nick. Like you are elbowing Danny off the Caleb corner. And I said, you got it exactly right to get Yes. I was like, I'm playing 40 chess boys. I'm trying, I'm elevating the storyline and also making it so if Danny ends up being a full-time person here, no one can be like, oh, you're a Chicago homer. Yeah. 'cause he will be taking a more conservative position than me. I saw, I saw right through it. I was like, I actually thought it was one of the cool like best friend moves you could do because you also were just taking all the reckless takes so that he like his takes while also reckless.


Because we all said some really reckless shit about the bears. Right. But there're, I'm the human shield. I'm the take shield. Nobody's like, oh, this Homer from Chicago. Everyone's like, Nick's an idiots. Yeah, that's exactly how I felt about it. I, you know, another thing I don't get enough credit for, thank you. You Right. So to any of the haters out there that might ever say, Nick Wright sometimes says things that he doesn't truly believe No. In the name of generating buzz and discussion, you're saying that those people are absolutely correct. No, I'm not saying that at all. Because I thought the bearers could make the Super Bowl. Yeah. He believe, I thought, thought they had all the things in place. And by evidence, by the fact that this Eagles team made, made it, it's pretty clear anybody could make the Super Bowl in the NFCI.


What I said was, oh, I'm sorry is Max or Maize or Hank any of these? I don't know it. Somebody's gonna get mad at me and they don't care. May the No, I thought the I do I to answer that and then we can talk Chiefs. I never say anything. I don't believe I say things. I believe more stridently and at a louder volume. But you guys know this, you do too much content to keep track of lies. If, if I had, if I had to like remember what I was supposed to believe is too many plates in the air, I'm not red Panda can't do that. So, so we should all judge basically. Like, if, if you're watching Nick Wright and I, I do think you're insanely talented.


The more, the more strident you say it, the more with your chest you say it. That's really like you're kind of ramping it up. Why have you never said like something with your chest, like LeBron has never done steroids? Well, I mean that's, that's such an outrageous accusation. I did not. Whoa. I did not, I didn't accuse. He said He hasn't Didn't, I didn't accuse LeBron of doing serious. I said, why haven't you said LeBron has not done steroids? I, I mean, I don't know why I haven't. I said, why haven't I said big cat's 12 feet tall. Like things that are obvious. I You don't need to say, I just don't, I don't need to say you went straight to the, you went straight to the accusation. I did not accuse LeBron of doing series. I said, why haven't you said LeBron is not ster?


Hey, can we talk about the Chiefs and about how in your guys No, no, no, no, No. Real Quick Game pod Nick. I think I, I think Big Cat brings up a good point, which is LeBron's career. I don't, here's, here's what I believe LeBron's career has been so different than anybody else's. The man is amazing. He keeps doing stuff into his late thirties Incredible. That nobody has ever dreamed of. Forget about Michael Jordan. Yeah. Forget about anybody else. This man is the best basketball player in the history of the world. And frankly, I think that it's an outrage Yeah. That more people haven't accused him of doing steroids. Yeah. Okay. That's how much I love LeBron James. Yeah, It's a great point For, well, up until the dismount I was thinking, wow, I'm, I'm on the screen for the greatest moment in Pardon My, Take history.


Like finally some truth being told about LeBron on this show that you guys don't have to bring me on to do. I didn't love the end of it, but it is, it listen, it it and that it is, is actually as I try to segue to the Chiefs a first cousin of what's happening with the Chiefs. Mm. The chiefs are so great that it must be a conspiracy. It must be rigged. They have broken people's brains in a way. Those people who make those ridiculous, unfounded without any evidence whatsoever, allegations about LeBron have broken people's brains. But speaking of the Chiefs, can I say one thing to you guys about your post game pot? Yes. Yes. First of all, I appreciate that you guys have, I look at the Chief's commentary as the, that bell curve meme where the dumbest people and the smartest people, if you asked them any time about football, they're all like, I don't know.


The team that always wins the Super Bowl is probably gonna win it. Yeah. And then the pretend smart people are like, well, the Ravens DVOA is top five all time and the Lion's Point differential, Dan Campbell's got a, and it's like, no, it'll be the Chiefs. The o And I appreciated that you guys have not fallen into this referee fever dream. Yeah. Well we still discuss it. Yeah. We, we let people be angry. Bill's fans. We, our biggest take is I, I don't like when people are really far on one side or the other. We want, I think, I thought he got a first down, but it's not the reason the Chiefs won the game. The chiefs won the game. 'cause they're better than the Bills and they're better coached than the Bills. But if you're a Bills fan, you should spend the next six months complaining about that first down.


Well yeah. Because it allows you to spend the next six months not thinking about back to back years. Josh Allen down three points ball in his hands and zero combined points. I know that's verboten on this show because he's a 12 time guest. Mm. And I know that it's Sean McDermott and it's everyone else. And Josh is, listen, Josh is excellent. I also would say Kyle brand, like Kyle Brand who's as big of a fan of Josh Allen, as you guys tweeted right before the drive Josh Allen was put on this world for this drive biggest moment of his career, whatever happens, what happened was he got 17 yards. But my only issue was you got, you kept saying if they scored there, yeah, it's a two score game because They would've gone for two. They were up one.


Oh they would've And that's the, they would've gotten, I should You killed him for going for two so much. Yeah. No, no, No. That's the two that would've gotten No, no. Here's here's the, it was actually a compliment to the chiefs. You're so, you're so in your own head about like, you know, seeing shadows everywhere and being like, oh, this guy said something bad. I was actually saying while we were watching the game, 'cause we watched the games live And we live stream. Yeah, I was saying that and they, they might not have gotten it 'cause they couldn't get two yards all all day. I was saying that if the bills during that drive, I was like, if they score here, they should go for two. They should. Because there's no way that you're beating Mahomes if you keep it a one score game with 10 minutes left. I was like, the only way that the the bills can win this game is to make sure that it's a two score game it late in the fourth.


'cause otherwise Mahomes gonna win. So that kind of, my whole thing going into the game during the game, I was like, you gotta step on their throat. If you leave it a doubt, Mahomes will win. That's a hundred percent right. The only other way to win the game. And you really have to like thread this needle. But if somehow you can get the ball back down less than a touchdown with call it to pick a random number three minutes and 33 seconds left. All timeouts and actually have your superstar quarterback come through. Yeah. That's the other way you could win the game. And they've now had two bites at that Apple and back to back years and they haven't been able to do it. Listen, I I I think he'll, I think he will win a Super Bowl eventually, but we're, we're the, somebody is gonna be left without a chair in just in making the Super Bowl in the A, F, C and C.


Certainly the the problem is that I would worry about for Josh is if, because I think he'll beat the Chiefs in the playoffs one time. He's too good and they're, it, the games are too close. Is it going to be hard psychologically to then like recalibrate and be like, that wasn't the Super Bowl. Yeah. The bigger, like that's why the NFC is just, that's why PFT is in such a great spot is it's like maybe you make the Super Bowl in the one in four years, the Chiefs aren't there. And if you do it is you are at the top of the mountain winning one game all the a FC teams. It's like we have to beat the end boss and then have another game to play, which is brutal.


Jalen Hurts has already been to more Super Bowls in Aaron Rogers. That's what the NFC is right now. Alright, so I got a question for you, and this is, I want your honest opinion. Great Hy this is a complete hypothetical, but if Josh Allen were on The Chiefs and Patrick Mahomes were on on the bills. Yeah. Would Josh, how many Super Bowls would Josh Allen have gotten to because I do, I I obviously it's great. Think Mahomes is great question is has proven it more in the clutch. I'm not saying Josh Allen's better than Mahomes are. I always say Mahomes the best quarterback. But I do think at this point there's a lot of coaching and defense that I think Josh would've been at least to three Super Bowls probably. 'cause he's played that. Oh. So that's, I think that's, so Colin y our friend Colin Cowherd said yesterday to me that that exact scenario he is like Josh would've more rings.


That's too much. I I Yeah. Would take that. Yeah. Right. What I would remind the audience of is what Josh has never had to deal with in Buffalo, and it's a testament to, is what Mahomes had to deal with his first three years in Kansas City. Particularly the first two horrific defense. So like the, and so I, so that is something we haven't seen Josh half to overcome that. I'm not saying he couldn't, but if in your right now it is five appearances, three rings to zero, zero, if it were flipped, I think Josh would've been to two and won one. And I think Mahomes would've been to four and won two. Hmm.


So that's what I, that's what I think would've been the scenario because iHomes, that Sounds like an advanced Stat, which Bills teams would Jo, would, would Patrick Mahomes have taken to the Super Bowl? Give us the hypothetical matchups. Okay, so the, I think there is no question that in 2022 Yeah. That Bill's team with Mahomes instead of Josh, the team that got rolled by Joe Burrow at home, which was weird. That team was awesome. I think 2021, it probably would've gone Josh the way it went. But Josh's way in Kansas City last year with Tyreek. But I think, I think the early Josh Allen Bill's teams, 2018 is a year like to think about Jo, both of their first years as a starter.


That defense was good. They had just gone to the playoffs the year before with Ty, rod Taylor, you drop Mahomes on there. It's to me a similar situation as when you dropped him on Kansas City. Yeah. And so like those are, those are ones that come to mind right now, this year for sure. Like so, but Whatever. And now and now and, and, and I don't think he'd say the same for Lamar. 'cause I do think Lamar has had teams that have been really, really good on both sides of the ball hundred. And he had really good coaching and he's, he's fallen. I see Josh and Lamar is different. No, of course. Listen, Lamar, everybody gets so mad at me Lamar's Aaron Judge and there's nothing wrong with it, but he's Aaron Judge and everyone thinks that like the, I I used to say James Harden, but people have such a dislike of Harden's like athletic character that it, and everyone loves Lamar the person and how so take that out of it there.


The Peyton Manning is the obvious comp. But if we wanna switch to right now, this moment Darren Judge, which is like on a day in, day out basis in the regular season, you're like, is this the best player in the sport or certainly in the ver you know, top two or three and then come the playoffs. It's like, man, every time a a again, we don't have to re-litigate this, but every regular season it's Lamar's the best player in the league. And every Playoffs it's like, you know why they lost, they put the ball in Lamar's hands too much. And that's a little, you know, that's, that's a little frustrating. What do you think about those of, you know, the listeners out there that might hear that and say there's a better comparison for James Harden in today's NFL?


Who's that? Patrick Mahomes. Oh, the, the Flopping. Yeah. Good point. What would you say to them? I'm not saying that Good point. But there are people listening right now that are like, I can't believe he said James Harden and then Lamar Yeah. Taking advantage of the Rules. Yeah. James Hard, Very smart player. I like that. You're probably pulling up some stats right now. Yeah. Because you No, I'm not you on a, I was actually cleaning something. I'm not this the, the com this the keyboard skier. I was cleaning something there. Sorry. I I had to kind of deter because when Big Cat texted me, y when I come on first I sna said yes and then I was like, Hey, promote the podcast. Which he took so seriously, didn't know the name of Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa.


I don't, I don't the right stuff. I don't, don't want to, you know, so obviously I'd love for some of your listeners to, you know, sample my stuff. So I was debating whether or not I want to alienate them. But, you know, my, my North Star is the truth. So what I would say to anyone who actually believes there is any type of comp between James Harden and Patrick Mahomes is you're the dumbest fucking sports fan I ever heard. And so like the, my pod's probably not for you because it'll, it'll confuse you. And so it, it just wouldn't be fun. And so that's, that's what I would say to them. Okay. I do, we do say, especially after the Bengals game this year, the Chief's Bengals game where people were talking about the pass inter the alleged pass interference at the end.


People do have Chiefs Derangement syndrome. Yeah, they do. Yes. And anytime something bad happens, and that's why I give you guys credit. You guys have said this all year. Yeah, Yeah. They, it, I call it, it's like Chiefs of Gate, whenever anything bad happens, they start to connect all the dots and be like, oh, this ref lived in Missouri for two months when he was 23 years old. And they start to tie all this stuff together. The fact of the matter is the chiefs have been just the better team and the, the better coach team with the, maybe the best quarterback. Actually, that's a good question for you. What does Patrick Mahomes have to do to surpass Tom Brady to be in your eyes, the greatest quarterback of all time? So I already think he's the best player ever, but he's not the greatest quarterback of all time. I know that's a very, that's more my style of argumentation than your guys'.


I get that. That's very, but I, I think he's the best player we've ever seen. I do think resumes and accomplishments have to weigh a ton. And so Brady gets to be called the Goat. I think that if they pull off the three-peat you can, and someone wants to say he's now the greatest of all time. It's at least an allowed opinion right now. It's not an allowed opinion, but that to me is a big enough accomplishment. It would be for me to say it as passionately and clearly and articulately and really brilliantly. As I've said, the LeBron's the greatest player of all time. I think they, if he does the Threepeat one more Super Bowl and it's a wrap plus an MVP one more great regular season plus another Super Bowl.


And it'd be him. If they don't do the Threepeat, he probably has to get to six. Okay. Probably, or I think probably needs to Get to six this big a lot on the table. This repeat Is, is big. This is huge. Yeah, no, this is, it is a, after the, you know, you walked into Buck's Chiefs and listen that game, it actually kind of gives me solace 'cause it was such a blowout because if that was a close game and I was sitting here thinking like, man, it would be six four right now with Mahomes having the head-to-head victory with a chance for like, if they had won that game, it would be maybe already the opinion.


Right. And if not certainly one game away, but they got rolled. So such is like, Yeah. And now the, the three p All right. So you're, you're obviously, you know, going around, I feel like you're the number one chiefs fan right now. What's your favorite stat that you just show up to, to people and you're like, Hey, did you know this? Because I would imagine you have a lot of them when it comes to Mahomes or Reed or even Kelsey where you just, You're throwing at people. So I got you want like a fire hose of 'em. Yeah, go ahead. So many to choose from. Yeah. Give it to us. Thanks to that Bills game, Patrick Mahomes now has trailed in 53 fourth quarters in his career, which sounds like a lot, but that's every single loss, like every, like that it it, it's not going into the fourth.


It's at any point he has a winning record in those games. In games. He's trailed in the fourth quarter. He's 27 and 26. Nobody else has won more than 37% of their games in the playoffs. You mentioned this Josh Debo stat, he's trailed in the fourth quarter nine times. They've won six of those. He's six and three. And the, so he's played 20 career playoff games. 11 easy wins, nine times trailing in the fourth six victories, one overtime loss where he never got the ball. But the, you know, the NFL didn't change the rules because of it. 'cause we're not the bills. Another overtime loss against the Bengals where he didn't come through.


And then down 31 to nine, entering the fourth against the Bucks blowout Mahomes. The, what was the, there was another, oh you said it, the, the, he scored on 13 or 14 of those drives. Yep. The, the Mahomes already has won more playoff games. Four, when his defense allows more than 28 points than any player in league history. Tom Brady and Peyton Manning combined won four playoff games in their entire careers when their defense allowed more than 28 points. That's pretty Cool. Maybe he shouldn't score so quickly. Yeah. Maybe he shouldn't give the ball back to his opponent. Maybe he shouldn't just throw these, you know, 70 yard touchdowns to Tyreek Hill.


Well, Luckily turn the ball over. Well, luckily he doesn't anymore. I I mean the, the, the, so the, I think that there, you know, Mahomes, the one time he didn't come through was the overtime, the second half against the Bengals. That game ended, or his last time touching the ball was a perfectly thrown pass on third and long to Tyreek kill that. But it was in double coverage. It was a risky ball, but it was perfectly thrown. Went off Tyreek's hands and then it, it was picked and they lost since then in the playoffs, Maho Mahomes has one turnover worthy pass. Mm si since he lost a playoff game throwing a risky pass, he has made zero, well I shouldn't say zero 'cause he threw the pick in the Super Bowl and he fumbled here.


But those are the only two turnovers and he is only thrown one ball really in jeopardy. And so I just, I think he is such a different caliber of clutch athlete that it is, we are like the, he is his ability to diagnose exactly the style of game of play it would take to win a particular game and be able to play that exact style is unlike any quarterback I've ever seen other than late stage Tom Brady. And where Brady deserves all the credit in the world is he was at his, you know, kind of physical best late in his career and then also had all the institutional knowledge, which is why he was so dominant, you know, into his forties.


Yeah, I mean it's, it's, it, it is crazy to watch. It's, he thinks the game better than anyone. You can see it when you're watching it. And it's really just, I say it over the, over and over, going back to the chief derangement and everyone talking about the flags and everything. The reason why the flags always feel more consequential is the chiefs, if you give them an inch, they will take a mile. That is what a championship team does. If you, if you make a mistake with them, they will capitalize and that's what they do. And, and that's why it feels more significant sometimes. And that's the specialness of Mahomes and, and Andy Reed and Chris Jones.


Okay. Quick break from Nick Wright. Does everybody know what season it is? It is soup season. It is hockey season. It's hockey and soup season, but it's also tax season. And Hank you know, about tax season. How are you feeling about it this year? I feel great about tax season this year. We've been talking about a lot, getting older, getting more mature. And one thing that's helped me a lot and made me feel a lot older and more mature is getting ahead of my taxes. Not waiting till the last minute and doing 'em, rushing through, being stressed out instead get ahead and our partners at Tax Act are the perfect place to go. They have, they make filings super easy with step-by-step guidance. They have expert assist available to answer all of your questions. Meme has actually heard us do these ads and he said, can I get involved in Tax Act? I said, absolutely. I showed him the step-by-step process. It's super easy to use. And now memes, it's getting ahead of the games as well. Every tax expert is based in the us. You'll talk to a credentialed tax expert in EA A CPA or a tax attorney. So go, just go to tax act.com, check it out for yourself. They have different levels depending on the different types of assistance you need. And all you have to do to check it out for yourself is go to tax act.com. Again, it may feel like taxes are coming, you know, forever. You have a long time, you don't, you want to get ahead of it, just go to tax act.com. Check it out for yourself. Get ahead, stay ahead


Before, before you go PFT. Can I give you one more stat that is not a Patrick Mahome stat, but it is George Car Loftus has more playoff sacks than Lawrence Taylor, Aaron Donald, JJ Watt, Derek Thomas. And that's a Patrick Mahome stat, right? It's because George Carl Optus has just spent his entire career in the playoffs. So now he's already in the top 30 all time in postseason sacks. Yeah, No, that I, I'm glad you brought that up. That is, that's a very impressive stat. You can go all day with these Mahome stats because they, he's been so great for so long that he really, you can point to a lot of things and say, this guy's the best, but you'll always be the second biggest Patrick Mahomes fan in the world because Dylan Ola exists.


Have you thought about maybe cutting the hair, wearing the turtleneck thing? Like modeling your entire life after Mahomes? So here's the thing, the Ola thing, because he, he has a relationship with Patrick and like, so Patrick's fine with it, so it doesn't, you know, I think a lot of people were more bothered by it or found it more cringe worthy maybe than Patrick did. But what I would say is this gotta play better kid. Like when it was like, this guy might win the Heisman, I was like, this is sick. But when it was, when he went in that slump, I'm like, nah, that's not cool. Like you can't, the, I mean I feel like if PFT commenter, if your career had really gone a skew and you were like on Infowars or whatever, then I feel like maybe Florio would've been like, change the branding buddy.


Right? What do you mean Skew that would arrive because You became, you, it ended up being great for everybody. Yeah, Yeah. No, that would be awesome though. If I, if I was doing info scores for Alex Jones that then that should be called what's right. That would be the name of my show. Yeah. Your your podcast should actually be what's wrong. And then you just admit all the stuff that you were wrong about. Yeah, So I, the, the only long form like profile ever written of me was the, in Kansas City there were a couple alt weeklies, like what the Village Voice was for New York or whatever called Pitch and Inc. And one of 'em wrote, this guy spent a week with me when I was 26 and spent a week with me.


My family went out with us, all of us. And I thought it was gonna be this glowing piece about how, you know, this kid from Kansas City who was on the second rate radio station in town was trying to take down the Heritage station and in a quest to one day become America's biggest sports talk host. That was, that was how I thought the article was gonna be written. Instead, the cover of this paper is me with like pointy fingers, shaved head, my nose at the worst angle imaginable pointing at the microphone. And the headline blazed What's Wrong with Nick Wright?


And it is 15,000 words about how this kid whose radio show is in 17th place is delusional and just saying, I'm gonna beat this guy then beat that guy then get this job. And the whole premise of the article is that there's a crazy person on the radio in Kansas City and it's called What's Wrong with Nick? Right. Oh my God, that's great bulletin board material though. Yeah, that Is, well I have it in my office. Yeah, I don't have it up here, but I have it up where I watch football. I have it framed in my office. Yeah. Oh, you got a football office. I love that. Hey, I've got a good CV setup. My, like that's a big fight with the wife is like, how much real estate in the house.


Oh yeah. Goes to 20 Sundays a year of just a wall of televisions. But you guys know what I'm talking. Yeah, no, I have way too many TVs in my house. Alright, so question just about how you, how you do your job every day. 'cause again, I, I think you are very, very talented. I know you agitate people, but that also is what happens when you win. But do you ever send, like when you're sucking off Patrick Mahomes so hard, do you ever send him like a clip and being like, look what I did today at work, like, honey, did you love it? No, I've never, you're the, okay, first of all, never maybe in that language, but you're the second person that's asked me that question.


Like, do you ever send LeBron or Mahomes clips of you talking about And answer the question? And I think that's such an absurd idea. Like the evidently it's a thing, it must be a thing people think might happen because you're the second person to ask me that. But I just can't fathom like me be me, me waxing poetic about Mahomes in the a FC championship game then, you know, copy link text Patrick like, Hey, did you see this today buddy? No, I've never done that. Now as far as you know, us copying or you know, each other, I will say this, before the football season last year, obviously got the Never a doubt tattoo.


Oh, and Patrick Mahomes, who rarely, if ever tweets 45 minutes after winning the Super Bowl, sent out his first tweet of the playoffs, a picture of him holding both trophies with only a three word caption. Never a doubt. So if you're asking me like, do I think my, you know, my show is regularly on in the facility, well, why wouldn't it be if just a compliment fest? Yeah. Like I think that if there was a, if there was a TV show that you, that you had a reliable good chance that if you turned it on, they were just gonna be like, and here's reason 68, why PFT and Big Cat are the greatest that ever existed.


You probably have it on in the background, I'd probably watch it somewhat often, but It, it would be nice if occasionally Mahomes or or LeBron would say just on their own, Hey Nick, like if they, if they defended you the same way that you defended that. Yeah. You know, if somebody's dunking on you online and, and LeBron steps and he is like, Hey my man Nick makes some really great points here. You gotta say you did it again. Nick. Nick is now 98 and two going up against, against Kyle, you know what? And his debates and overtime, You know what? That's a good point. Yeah. It should be more of a, you know, two-way street. And I've never really, you know, I've never thought of it that way, but I, I feel, listen, I'm just out here, the every, they're like, oh Nick, you're a chief's apologist.


And first of all, it's nothing to fucking apologize for. They win every Super Bowl. Second of all, I am not an apologist for anything. I'm a truth teller. Like the people used to call me a Bills hater and then this year when everyone idiotically was like, ah, I like what the Jets are building, or it's the dolphin jar. I'm like, no, the bills are gonna be where the bills always are looking. Awesome. Tricking the median into thinking this is the year they beat the Chiefs. And then losing an heartbreaking fashion probably in the conference championship Game. Not a Bills hater. So say it again, what? Not a Bills hater. What's that? That last sentence? Not a Bills hater. No, I, I am a truth teller. Truth teller. I'm a truth Teller. Co most honest people always Remind themselves as I've been about the Chiefs. Yeah. I have been more right about the bills the last five years.


I called 'em overrated when they were, I called 'em underrated when they were, I I I've never missed on the bills. Okay. Ever. Yeah. Okay. What about the birds? What about the Eagles? It sounded earlier, like you were looking down your nose on the Eagles. Yeah. You've been talking junk about Howie. It's all way to look. You did, You you did. I saw your, your clip where you're like, Howie Roseman basically goes on the message boards and drafts all the players from Georgia. I Basically got every Eagle's take wrong. Yeah, you were way Wrong. The record. I, I said, I said, Hey Howie, maybe you know, draft kids other than Georgia kids and who the mock drafts want you to take turns out. Maybe that's just what everyone should do. Yep. Just follow the mocks. I said, and I quote Saquon Barkley won't be a difference maker.


He then had maybe the greatest single season of running backs ever had. Yep. And I, I had the eagle, I had the commanders finishing second in the NFC East, which sounds great, but it's not second to the Eagles, it was second to the Cowboys with the Eagles coming in third. No, I I whiffed as big as someone can whiff on the Eagles. And I just have to own that. I thought that the collapse at the end of last season was not, they weren't gonna be able to get over it. And I looked at, I looked at both the big running back acquisitions, Derrick Henry and Saquon Barkley as, man, those teams were awesome at running anyway.


Yeah. Like why is that where you're spending your resources? And I was just as wrong as you could be. And so now, now we get, listen, they get a ch they, nobody looks at it this way, but they denied a threepeat already. Yeah. Because Oh yeah. The Patriots won 16, 18 and were in the Super Bowl and 17 lost to Nick Foles. It didn't feel like denying a threepeat because it wasn't at the end. So they have a chance to do it again. And if, listen, if Jalen hurts in these next two weeks can learn to throw like Nick Foles, they might be able to win. Oh, alright. So Max, our producer is the diehard Eagles fans. Max want, do you have anything to say to to, to Nick Wright? Obviously he's on your, your shit list.


He has to be. Yeah. No, I, I was trying to think of why he was on my shit list the, this entire time. I couldn't quite remember. I I mean he said a lot of things about the Eagles this year. Yeah. But the Howie Roseman part, I remember that clip where he is like, Howie Roseman just, just takes anyone who's on the mock draft then the media. Yeah. They say he's, he's a, he's a Twitter. A Twitter gm. Yeah. That one was wrong. Well, I mean, he made some pretty good moves. Yeah. Yeah. I, no, I got it wrong. And shout out to Max personal growth is important. You listen to my whole Eagles thing, you didn't have to take a mental health lap like you did with, with Big Cat a few weeks ago. So that's all good. Like, I, I think it's all No, that's sugar, that's growth. I, I it is growth and I see that that fathead of Jalen hurts behind you.


I assume that's moments before he scans the field, sees open receivers, and then decides to tuck and run. He, and so, oh, you could have gone even hurt. Like, I think Jalen hurts. I saw his stat is like 25% of his throws this year been throwaways. That's the, that's the big Jalen hurts. Just scanning the field and then throwing it, you know, 10, 10 feet into the stairs. What do we make? Can I ask a question? What do we make of the straight jacket comment? Why do the Eagles when everything is going well Yeah. Decide to meet with the media and just be like, let's create Nobody was six weeks ago, the only story around the Eagles was Vic Fangio transformed the defense. Saquon's are gonna break Eric Dickerson's record, and then AJ Brown's like, passing sucks.


We gotta get better at it. And everyone freaks out and then everything's seemingly fine and they're winning a playoff game. And AJ Brown's like, now's the time for me to break out this book and I've gotta listen to Eagles fans and be like, he does it all the time. I'm like, well, it's literally never been caught on video on the sideline ever. And the Eagles are, a lot of their games are on tv. And then this week Jalen Hertz is like finally took the straight jacket off me. Which again, not to be too psychological, handcuffs are used to prevent you from harming others. Straight jacket is if you, if they, their words are gonna harm yourself. So the the, you know, the deep seated psychology of it is my coach thinks that I'm gonna hurt us, hurt our team.


So he tries to prevent it. And so I listen, don't worry, I'm sure that despite all that, Nick Siri's gonna outfox Andy Reid in these 10 days and get it all taken care of. Max not worried about that at all. Max. Well, there was a picture of AJ Brown reading Inner Excellence Commander being, there was a picture when he Had 98 yards and 15 video From The game. Well, I, I stopped listening when he said there was no, there was no photographic evidence of him reading, reading The book. Nick said, video, check The tape my friend Nick. It's, that's tomato, tomato. Nick just, Nick just basically was like, your quarterback is worried about hurting himself and he needs a straight jacket. And you're like, yeah, but the AJ Brown point, you are wrong.


Well, I, I mean that was just, that was the first thing that came to my mind. I mean, how am I, I'm not, I'm not gonna win this fight. I don't know. I don't know how to battle here. No, you're not. I don't, I don't know with any logic. I Yeah. So, so go ahead. Fight him with no logic. Tell him, tell him that he's an idiot. Tell him that Philly's the best Jail and Hertz coming off his best game of the year. And then the last time he had his best game ever was against the Chiefs in the Super Bowl. So there's no reason to believe that he can't do it again. What happened? That game, listen, That the best game, but our Defense is better this year. Ever. Yeah. Oh, sorry. I didn't, the the best game jail hers ever played is that Super Bowl game. And I would argue it is the single best game any player has ever played that also included them making the play that lost their team of the game.


Mm. I I think it's the, I I think it is the, I I I think of all the games where one guy made a totally unforced catastrophic error that cost his team a championship he played the best in. Wow. That game. It's gotta be so awesome to me Nick, because that, that was another Mahomes stat that Max just gave you. Yeah. He is like, he played the best game he's ever played in his life. You're like, yeah, he was, that's the best quarterback performance I've ever seen, ever. And the Chiefs beat him. That was, it was a good performance. He shouldn't have fumbled. It was a second quarter fumble. Yeah, No, the, the, I actually, I'm being unfair and I, the, I actually think that fumble was probably a little overrated. It was third and sixth. Anyway, if he just gets stuffed, they're gonna punt. Obviously the chiefs are scores their chiefs And you, you, you know, max like the reason, or or Nick, the reason why I have Max around is like, it's, it's like softball practice for us.


And you could see that in like two seconds. You're like, oh, this is, you guys are just keeping around. So you could just do a little slow pitch. I, so I, again, I feel I wish you guys had me on at some point, if the Steelers somehow ever played in a game that mattered because I'd much rather argue with that idiot Steeler fan who a couple years ago, CIN a really, really, Oh, What's the word off color? I'll say tweet. Oh. Either about me and my wife. Oh no. Or About me and someone, But it was Oh, scary. It was me. It was the, the, what's the stupid Tom Green College movie Freddie got fingered.


Yeah. No, not that one. The the good one. The road Trip or Yeah. Yeah. The one, was it Road trip? Road trip? Yeah. It was Road Trip Road. Road trip. Road trip. You know, the, the, the skinny nerdy white guy that is in bed. He some for some reason sent that picture out and said, live, look at Get Nick. Right. Oh no, Jerry. And I'm like, I don't know if that's about me or about my wife. Oh, whatever it is. Oh no. But I really actively dislike that person. Yeah. I don't know his name. I know he is an idiot. It's, it's, and I know you guys torture him and make him try to hit hole in Wands and Stupid Fish.


No, that's his own doing. Jerry. Jerry goes a little too hard. And we have to, we, we, we've put some guardrails in since I've, there's been times where I've had to, to clear tweets and he, you know, we, we, listen, we've worked on that. We've looked in the mirror if it helps at all. Jerry was addicted to crack for a lot of years. Really? Yeah, he was, yeah. He's actually a great story. Like he's helps a lot of people. So, but yeah, that one, oh that one. I'll say Jerry went too far. So the point I'm making is I have nothing against Max and I actually think he's, oh, here it is. So I got it wrong. I I got the story wrong. I'm gonna text to you what he did.


Okay, here it is. I Just found it. I've seen, listen, whatever you text me is not even in the top 10 worst thing tweets that Jerry sent. Oh, I'm sure. But regardless, it pissed me off. Okay. 'cause I never came for this idiot. Yeah, no, that's fair. That's totally fair. And so I, Oh My God, Jerry, I sent out a picture of me and my wife Yeah. Out celebrating something and he reposted it with the Malibu Most Wanted thing. Yeah. Or whatever that was. I don't know what it was, but it made me mad. He just, so Max, this isn't for you. You Apologize. You probably said one mean thing, not even mean thing. You probably just said one thing that he viewed as negative about TJ Watt and then he went nuclear.


That's all it takes for him. Literally, that's all it takes. You might've said Miles Garrett is a better player than TJ Wat. Yeah, that's probably what it was. Yeah. You probably gave Miles Garrett the defensive player of the year and he went absolutely nuclear because that's how he's wired. How's he gonna deal when they trade TJ Watt for a first and a third? He, we have, we've, we've, we've done a little trial balloon with that with him and it has not gone well. So, and I, I actually, I'll apologize for Jerry. I, Jerry's a very sweet guy. He does go too hard on Twitter. If you guys ever met, I think you'd get along. But he does that. He'll, he'll be the first to admit he had to put that, you know, they have a timer on Twitter where it's like a minute timer to make sure you want to tweet it. He had to put that on his Twitter because he had so many Okay.


Incidents. You know what? Yeah. And I didn't know the, the, the good, the, you know, the trials and tribulations. Yeah. Let's, let's have something good come of this hands washed of it All. Good clean slate. Love that. And it's not excuses. I trust you guys if you say he is a good guy. Yeah. I trust it. He's, we all kind of, he's got get angry on Twitter Sometimes. He's got good heart and, and, and the, the, the crack stuff, doesn an excuse Tweeting mean things to people. I'm just saying Jerry does do a lot of good things for people now in, in recovery and all that stuff. This has been awesome, Nick. We should have you on more often. I you, you're, you're so much fun to talk to. I do. So give us a final score for the Super Bowl. I I showed you I have a future to win a hundred thousand dollars on the Eagles. You told me to cash out.


I well, yeah. I said I never, ever, ever cash out bets. In fact, quick, very quick anecdote and then I'll let you go and I'll try to give you final score. So Kevin Wildes, who is just the best person in the world to work with, he's not a gambler at all, but he bets like a dollar or $2. And his first game of the first day of the NFL season, he let his sons pick all of the Sunday slate straight winners, a dollar and hit it. But he's also a big cash out guy. Oh. Like the moment it shows a a 10% profit, he'll click cash out.


Ah. So he and I have a deal now where I told him, anytime you want to cash out screenshot text me, I'll autopay it. But if it wins, I get it smart. Like, 'cause I wanna be the house in that Smart You're Fine ticket it. Yeah. Because Cashing out is never the right option. Never. Unless of course you have a hundred grand that is predicated on the chiefs losing a football game. Yeah. In which case you should definitely cash out. Yeah. And I, I you should, I told you I bet the Chiefs last year in the Super Bowl and it was one of the most fun experiences because I just sat there being like, like the half the gambling cave had Brock Purdy and I was just like, oh, I got my homes. Well that's dumb. Yeah. Like I got my homes here, this is gonna be fun. Then It's been a year thinking about how Kyle Shanahan messed up the new overtime rule.


Yeah. And and that's the reason why I lost all my money. Yeah. Alright. So here's the thing. I, my the producers of the TV show, 'cause we're gonna be down in New Orleans and we're trying to, you know, build stuff or whatever asked me yesterday, they're like, Hey, need a final score for the game because we're gonna, you know, build something for Reveal. I was like, well I don't have that yet. Oh. And he's like, what do you mean? And I'm like, you, you think I'm just gonna willy nilly you, you come up. I gotta, I gotta d deep dive. I gotta review the all 22. I gotta, now listen, I think I'm gonna pick the Chiefs. I'm not even sure yet. I gotta really review the information, but I am leaning towards 34 24.


Okay. Leaning. Okay. That would Be over. But I, but that's, you know, write that in pencil. No, not in pen. I'm gonna Bet. So you should do like Lee Corso does in college game day and put the mascot head on and it's the, the paintball mask in that, the cap the Chiefs aholic war. Mm. That would be fun. Did you, did you watch that documentary? Believe it or not, I have not. Oh, Oh, you're featured. I have not watched. You're featured Chief Aholic A little bit. You're featured in it. Alright. So I I'm featured in it. Well yeah. Did take pretty much every podcast clip in America that's been talking about the Chiefs. I think, I think we were on it for about a second when we told our, our old friend Billy to go try to track down chiefs aholic Yeah. When he was on the web. So we were in it as well.


Alright. So everyone do watch First things first, also do subscribe to what's Right. I love You guys. And con and in all seriousness, not only congrats, I one moment of genuineness. I appreciate the direction you guys have gradually pushed some others in sports media of everything that it is supposed to be fun. Yeah. And it doesn't always have to be so life or death. And so I think you guys are great and I appreciate you having me on and we'll come, I'll come on whenever. I'll talk to you guys Later. Yeah. Okay. No, this has been a lot of fun and good luck to your chiefs.


I'm not gonna cash out, you know, I'm not gonna cash out. I can't cash out. No, of Course it's not. No, you can't. No, you would it and it wouldn't be fun watching the game. Right. The only, the only real way to make the cash out, and this is the only thing I'll say for the cash out to be an option, you would have to cash out and snap put the full amount Yeah. On the Chiefs. Yeah. It has to be a hundred K winner one way or another. Right. And so if you were like that's, but you can't just cash out and take it and not have big action on the Super Bowl, obviously. Right. And it's not like last time the Chiefs played the Eagles, I actually had a chance to win 200 K and the Eagles were up 10 at halftime and yeah.


So I'll be fine. It's gonna be fine. You'll Be fine. It's gonna Be fine. No problem. 34 24 Congrat. Hey, hey. Congrats. By the way, we'll say it right now. We, we've done this every single year for I think six or seven years in a row. Congrats on the Kansas City Chiefs winning the A FC West in 2025. We're the first to report it. Oh, okay. Thank you. Yep. We are the first to report it. We've been reporting it around this time every single year. Congratulations on another A FC West title. This is their year. See You guys,


Nick Wright was brought to you by pardon of my cheese steak ordering Pardon of my cheese steak for your game day meal or late Night Eats is the best play call you can make. And now through the end of the football season, get free delivery on part of my cheese steak by using promo code a WL. We've got so many great cheese steaks on there. I like to secret shop our cheese steaks. I like to get 'em about once a month delivered to my house and they never disappoint me. I love the classic cheese steak. I love the chicken bacon, ranch cheese steak. You can order the popular Big Cat combo, get your choice of cheese, steak, fries and a drink Comes with melted provolone, thin sliced steak, mouth watering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions on a toasted hokey roll. Go to pardon my cheesesteak.com to order with promo code a WL for Free Delivery.


Fire Fest is being brought to you by Morgan and Morgan. Morgan and Morgan. The fee is free unless you win. There's a massive reason why coffee's the first thing people reach for in the morning. Just like there's a reason why Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. For over 35 years, Morgan and Morgan has been fighting for the people just like you and I. They have over a hundred offices and more than a thousand lawyers nationwide. When hiring Morgan and Morgan. It's like hiring an army that has your back. If you're injured by the negligence of another, you deserve to be paid. When you hire the wrong law firm, you may be beat before you start. All law firms are not the same. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell.


Okay, let's do fire Fest of the week. By the way, we had some breaking news. We recorded some of the show in the morning Breaking news. Tucker might be in some shit. Yeah. That kind of rubbed me the wrong way. He was allegedly on his Deshaun Grind Yeah. Date. The dates are interesting because it, it says that the, the experiences he was having at the Baltimore area of massage parlors stopped in about what, 2019. Oh, is that it? I and that's, I wasn't able to read the whole thing. That's like right when the deshawn stuff came out. Maybe it was like the block's too hot, but it's six different masseuses who were accusing him of being inappropriate nutting on the table, exposing himself, et cetera, et cetera.


And his, his statement that he put out, which he denies everything. Okay. He says that it's a newspaper with an ax to grind. Okay. And when he first learned of this article, he was trying to get more information. They only gave him like five minutes to respond before they published. So he's, he's denying everything, but there's no charges being pressed either civil or criminal. So right now it's an article. Okay. So we don't know. Okay. But if true Bad guy, they would guy accuse him with no charges Because the, the newspaper can write an article and be like, we've talked to these women, here's what they say happened. Even though there's no, there's nothing in court. They can still tell that story if they believe it's true.


Interesting. Yeah. So I don't know. I don't know if true Pervert bad For a kicker. Even a pervert. A kicker. The GIZ puddle. Yeah. Okay. Hank, you're far fest. I don't really have I'm I'm Good week. Good week. Case race was, was fun. Obviously the anxiety of of getting blackout drunk with your coworkers and then waking up the next day and realizing that it was all taped and that you don't remember. A lot of it is, is not fun. Anxiety, I would say. But other than that, pretty, pretty good Week. Yeah. We had a, we had a pause thing on Wednesday morning.


Very bad planning, but shout out, pause Chicago. We dropped off the check for Stella Blue Coffee. We did some volunteering. Hank was scheduled to do it in before the case race started. I told him, I was like, dude, you don't have to come. It's not a big deal. We have more than enough people. And when I got home from the case race hammered, Hank texted me at midnight and was like, dude, I can't get my face makeup off. I'm gonna have to cancel for tomorrow. There was a lot. I was just like, I already said it's okay. He was just in his field. It would've scared the dogs. Yeah. It would've scared the dogs. But yeah. Watch the Yak case race for if you're a Max fan or Max Hater, Please don't watch, watch The Case race.


Please don't watch Noon Central. The Yak YouTube. I did exactly what I thought I was gonna do. No you didn't. And it's so bad. Max is on word count. Oh man. I wasn't, I should've, I need ugh, birds Baby. Yeah, birds bird up. I think it was a, I think people will, will, will enjoy the max experience. 'cause I know that I had tears in my eyes Multiple times. I'm officially retired from Yeah. Case races. That's you, that's what I said every time. Unfortunately that's not something you can retire from. When your number's called you, you, you show up and, and the next one is gonna be in the summer Royal Rumble. And so yeah, you'll be there if you want. This is a, if you wanna see Max getting physical tune into the case Race.


Yeah. Listen, I, I've, I've said this before, but the, the case race is essentially childbirth just as painful. We do it, everyone regrets it and they're like, that was miserable. Terrible hangover. Don't wanna watch myself drunk. And then six months go by and you're like, oh, you don't be fun. A case race. Yeah. I kind of, I was looking at my, my wall pictures and thinking about what if we had another one on the wall. Yeah. And I don't want to, I don't want to get there, but I want to have it done. Yeah. So we'll, we'll come, come June, July Royal rumble time. We'll all be ready to go. We'll all be ready to go. Okay. PFT. So My fire fest was all my clothes got stolen.


Yep. Which I talked about on Wednesdays show, but in addition to that fire fest, I I am basically outta clothes now, but I did have clothes arriving at my house that I'd ordered ahead of time that happened to show up after my stuff was stolen. It also just so happens that it's all Washington commander's stuff. Mm. That I tried to buy before the NFC championship game and they showed up the day after the NFC championship game. So now I'm just wearing a Mike Sander still jersey today because it was the only clean shirt that I had. I've got a sweet new Commander's jacket that I'm wearing two. So You're gonna, so you're gonna be at Super Bowl week in Nola. You're gonna be like the random Kansas or Duke fan when they're not in the Final Four.


Yeah. And, but they had already booked their tickets. Well, For me, a commanders fan Piquette doesn't get this. Hank like me and you do, but our season doesn't start until the championship game. And so I, yeah, I kind of penciled myself into the Super Bowl. Yeah. What you gonna say? I, I have something else for you. Oh. Oh, I got sent a box of commanders merch on Monday. I didn't have the heart to give it to you. So now I have, I have new clothes. Yeah. You Have more clothes? Is It championship? It's, It says like any, anybody, anywhere, anytime. Yeah. That was our team, team motto. Correct? Correct. It still is. Still is. Well, The Eagles at 2:00 PM in Philly. We played you, we showed up. That is, that Is correct.


We'll play anybody. That is correct. The motto is not We will beat anybody anytime, anywhere. True. True, true. We'll play anybody anytime. Actually, that's my motto too. When it comes to NFL football, if any NFL football teams wanna schedule me, I'll play 'em. Yeah, bring it. Yeah. It's the MT is a podcast. We will play any NFL football team as long as it's a scheduled NFL game on a Sunday in the fall. I got some tape coming out. Yeah, that's true. I Got some tape coming out. It's just, it's a, a motto for our podcast, just in terms of watching football. Yeah. Anybody, anytime, anywhere. We'll watch. If you're an NFL team, I will watch you play football. We will watch. Okay. My fire fest. I mean, we've already talked about PFTI turning 40. That sucks. I did get some presents this morning, but my kids demanded to open it themselves.


That was also, oh, I guess it's a reverse fire fest. My daughter did wish me happy birthday this year. I remember last year she abstained. She just, yeah. She knew it was my birthday. She just was like, I'm not gonna do it. I kind of respected the hell outta that. She was actually number one today. She came into to my room and said, happy birthday Today. That's very cool. Yeah. I don't wanna make this about myself, but you guys, turning 40 is, is affecting me pretty, pretty hard. More than I thought. Oh, In what Way? It just makes me feel really old That we're old. Yeah. Yeah. We feel old when, when you get old. Hey. Like being with you guys when we turn 30. No, but that's the same for us. When you turn 30. Me and Big Cat were like, fuck. I know. I know. It's crazy. We're old. Yeah. What can we do to stop getting old?


Yeah. I mean, it's crazy. Gaz ga tweeting the video of me for my 30th birthday being like, what a decade? And it's like, shit. I know. Was a decade. Yeah. Yeah. What do you want us to do, Hank? We just gotta be not old. We're, I'm sorry that our birthdays are making you feel bad. I know. I appreciate I apology accepted. Okay. It's a good thing we're getting a 12-year-old intern. Yep. Yep. Nine. Keep going down. I want an intern that, that can't walk. Yeah. We're getting a newborn by Yeah. Newborn. We're gonna raise a newborn. It's our podcast. It's Like a frat house call. That was Memes, idea memes. Just like, why don't we just adopt a child? I Mean, he's done a great job with Mr. P. Yeah. True. Mr. P's probably our longest living pet.


Do you think Mr. P's depressed? Yeah. No. No, no, no, no. No. Hibernate. No. It, Mr. P's been in hibernation. I bought a tortoise at hibernates. Okay. So Probably bad idea. Football during football. So your, your, your tortoise is not depressed, but it's sleeping all day. It's lost interest in everything. Yes. I have a plan for next football season though, To stimulate it. Uhoh, How you gonna stimulate It? I don't have a plan. Okay. I can't tell you the plan, but there is Why, because Mr. P might hear, who are we keeping the plan from Memes. It's a plan. You guys can't know the plan. Okay. Okay. What is going On? I don't know.


He's been Googling shit. Memes has been on a weird, he's in, he's, he's, he gets weird Vibes of the Week award. I don't know what he's planning, what he's doing. He's just excited for New Orleans. Yeah. Super Bowl week. It's gonna be all about the Eagles man. All about Max. I wish I could have Gone. He's just never in a good mood. I don't want to, I don't want poo poo him though. 'cause like I, I'd rather him be in a good mood. True. But it's it is. It's off putting. Yeah. You know, it's just, it's just not normal. Right. He just loves New Orleans. He's been talking about like, new Orleans is his favorite, is his favorite city in the world. Yep. Yeah. And since he found out that this Super Bowl was in New Orleans, he's been talking about which This week for the past six years ago. Yeah. Had Mark on the calendar. I was like, don't, don't let the pip get you before New Orleans.


He actually did say that. He is like, as long as I make it to New Orleans. Where's the Super Bowl next year? San Francisco. What? Oh, Aaron Rogers' homecoming next year for the Super Bowl memes. Yeah. Ooh. Should we just put, should we just put Max in the, in the cover art for the whole week? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. We don't need to be on it. No, No. Let me and Big Cat produce Pe people are already sick of me. Pardon? Max's take. We did. We we did. See, there's, there's at least one media outlet that wants to interview Max. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna get you on radio row, buddy. We're gonna, we're gonna parade you around like a show pony. We're gonna get you tassels. I, my Boy.


Look how strong my Boy is. I have nothing to say. Oh man. Nothing N noteworthy to say That's not true. Okay. Numbers next stop. New Orleans. 43 11. Fuck. Hmm. 95. Got you there, buddy. I think this is memes day. What do you mean memes Day? Did somebody take 40? I did. Ha Has he gotten it? No, I think today's today. Oh, Okay. Call my shot. Hmm. We gotta move this thing back. Memes. What was the number? I'm thinking you picked eight. No. Well, let's go 8 42.


Ooh. Love you guys.