
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's Pardon My Take, we have the elite quarterback himself. Joe Flacco. We're gonna do week five. Picks And Preview. We have Fire Fest of the Week. And. we had an incredible night of sports playoff baseball. Awesome. Thursday night football. Fantasy, Lad, Boys Fantasy Lad Boys, which is very funny.


It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Td Tudy, taking it to the house in for six. whatever you call a touchdown One thing, for sure. Touchdowns matter more at DraftKings, Sportsbook and official sports book partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or defense. We don't care how they score. We. want to bet on touchdowns and draftking? Sportsbook is delivering Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Or. how many tds will be in a game? Go to the DraftKings Sports Book app and Make your pick Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in Bonus bets instantly. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download. the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft Ball.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings Download, the Draftking Sportsbook app. use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Friday, a October 4th.


And boys, it is officially the best month of sports because holy shit was Thursday night. Awesome. We had playoff baseball drama. We had an incredible Thursday night football game. Kirk Cousins is back. It's Kirk Tober. You remember that? It's Kirk Tober. I feel like we should start with the playoff baseball just because Nah, let's do football. That was an awesome game. I can't believe the Bucks blew it. And Kirk Cousins threw for the most yards in Atlanta. Falcon's history. Yeah. 5 0 9. Yeah. The Falcons have become the Seahawks. Everything that the Seahawks have been for the last 10 years, I feel like that's, it's just utter chaos. Anytime the Falcons take the field, their last four games have been all insane.


Yep. Going down to the end. I do think they play the Seahawks too in two weeks, which is gonna be just fun game. That'll fun. That'll be a fun game. Kirk is the first player in NFL history with a 450 yard passing game for three different teams now. Wow. Yeah. With the Commies, the Vikings, and now with the Falcons. And he did the Taylor Swift dance after the one about flagging and surfing. Yeah, he Did swag, he did That one surfing. It was, it was nice to see Kirk just like ate for some reason at the start of every game and at the end of every game. Kirk Cousins has been awesome this year. Yeah, it was. It looked like the Bucks had that game. They had that game. All they needed to do was not have they, they had two times where they had that game because they had the fumble who was a Bucky Irving fumble, where if he just goes down and they get a field goal, maybe it, it changes it or you know, get a one first down to win the game.


Then they have the penalty, the holding penalty backs 'em out of field goal range where all they needed was a first down after the Falcons, which I think was correct. Go for it on fourth and 15. Yes. And That's Why You go for it on fourth 15. Yeah. Because, You know, listen, they didn't get it, but you knew that you needed, at least you needed to stop no matter what. Whether it be you punt it and you need to stop or you go for it on fourth and 15 and they, and they, you don't get it. You're gonna need to stop. At least hold 'em to a field goal. But yeah, that was an incredible game. The Falcons, like the last play, just broken tackles everywhere. Feels like the bucks just ran outta gas. Their offense stalled out in the second half after an explosive first half.


And fuck man, whenever we get a good Thursday night football game, it's like bonus football. Yeah. Al Michaels woke up tonight. Yeah. He had a, even al had a good time. So yeah, that, that possession that you talked about, when the Bucks got it back, it was after the, the fourth and 15 play. Maybe Raheem Morris is a secret genius because he had Kirk throw an interception that was basically as good as a really, really shitty punt. Yeah. And then they, A shanked punt. A shanked punt. Then they got the ball, the buck got the ball with one minute, 41 seconds left in the fourth, it was on the 28 yard line. And then they somehow backed up out of fuel goal range. Yeah. Had to punt it. Punt goes through the end zone because of the fuel position they got from going for it on fourth and 15. Sometimes it's the right move. Yeah. You just say, fuck it. You know what, let's try to get it.


We have a lot of plays in our playbook for fourth and 15. It was The right move in that situation because again, if you, if if you punt there, you're gonna need to stop regardless. And like, I just give yourself a chance to maybe get a first down there. They didn't get it, but they still, they still won the game. I mean, that was, we Also, we should give some credit to Mike Evans too. Had it hundredth touchdown tonight. He's, He is gonna go down. We, we, we did this all last year, but to remind everyone, if Mike Evans plays another four years at this level, he's gonna go down like top five six in touchdowns and receiving yards. He's just so consistently awesome. Mike Evans deserves all the credit in that respect.


But yeah, Kirk Cousins that last drive, I, and I'll say this too, the fourth and 15 Kirk Cousins, you know, that was, that was the interception, right? Yep. Didn't throw it below in front of the sticks. That's true. Yeah. That's it. Like he Didn't check down. Yeah, he Didn't check down. Yep. Like he took, he was like learning, fuck it, I need to, I need a first down. I need 15 yards. We're not gonna check this down. Good job. Kirk Cousins Kirk might not agree with the science behind this, but he is evolving. Yeah. It was, ah, man, what a fun game. I mean, the first half was just an absolute shootout. I, I'm more, I, I don't know what happened to the Bucks offense in the second half 'cause it did just kind of sputter. All they needed was if they had just scored a single touchdown in the second half, instead of getting two field goals, they win this game in regulation.


But Well also maybe if, if Raheem Morris had tried to kick a field goal at the end of the first half. Yeah, true. It was so fun. That was such a fun game of football. Yeah. I love The stand are like this. I Love football. I love Football. It's the best, it's the best sport in the world. Yeah. And then we had, opposite of the football was Pete Alonzo being the hero that the Mets have always wanted that They always knew was inside. Thankfully Mets fans never gave up on Pete. He was, I I mean he strikes out there and he's definitely not a met next year. And now I feel like you can't, you have to give him all the money. So it's very Just based off a home run, It's very hard to get something trending within the span of one baseball at bat. But double play was trending when Peter Lonzo got up and played.


Oh. Because everybody thought, okay, here comes the season ending double play from Peter. Lonzo goes APO with it. He was sitting on a changeup also credit, was it Lindor that had the at bat before Him? Yeah. I'll say This about that at bat. Linor led off the Inning Off. Led off the inning. And You know what? It was a great piece of hitting. I mean, Zo, he walked, wait. Yeah. Did he? No, but it was a great he, but it was a great piece of hitting Max. He fought Learned Ball is a great at bat. Lindor's awesome. I mean Lindos just awesome. And now Max has to be So it the craziest stat, which I still don't believe because I've been playing baseball for fucking ever. That was the first time someone hit a down, hit a go ahead home run in the ninth inning of an elimination game.


Yeah. That's Or ninth Inning or later. Yeah. Isn't that crazy Max? Not elimination game. I thought you guys did Not elimination Game. No. Eliminate. I thought it was Elimination winner. No, it's winner. Take all. Yeah. Whatever. It's an elimination game. Yeah. Yeah. But no one team could be eliminated and not have a few Take off. Oh, well. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. That's what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about Game six, I'm saying Yeah. Got it. Two double elimination game. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, it's never happened before. It's crazy stat when they said it, we couldn't believe it. Well, it's basically only a game three. Game five or game seven. Correct. What was the big moment in the Cubs? In the Cubs? It was Raji Davis. It was the eighth inning and they tied it eighth inning. Okay. They tied it because there have been, Joe Carter was in game six And there have been, but that wasn't a winner Take.


All right. Well no, that was, yeah, that was game six. It Can't be winner take all. But that wouldn't count for the Correct. Correct. Yeah. And there have been, there have been base hits that have gone, that have taken a team from losing to winning in, in the ninth inning of a winner take all game that weren't home runs, but never just a dinger. It's crazy. Yeah, that's a crazy stat. They've been playing baseball for fucking 7,000 years. But I guess they didn't really have, they only played, isn't that crazy that they used to just have the World Series? Yeah. You win, you'd win the pennant If you won the pennant. It was a huge deal. Yeah. You're just in the World Series. But now the Mets team, The Dodges would've loved that format. Yeah. People are mad that we keep calling the Mets team a destiny. 'cause their payroll is very big.


That doesn't, it doesn't Team of Destiny. I know the Tigers are also, they're the al team of Destiny, but the Mets, the way they keep winning games is ridiculous. And they just like, like Max has been saying it for weeks now, like he'll just see a hit that will get fielded by the shortstop. He'll be like, that would've gone through for the Mets. Yeah. The, that's the kind of stuff that's going through his head now. The Oh my God. Song too. Yeah. They've got their own song that their own player made. Yeah. It's pretty good. It's pretty good vibe for the Mets. Think pit bulls coming outta the, is it really pit It's very, it's very hard to get America to root for the Mets. Yeah. Really? Any team from New York, it's tough to get like, you know, coast to coast.


Okay. This is a fun team behind them. But yeah. Max, I, I feel like most neutral observers are gonna be like, these Mets are fun. Are you afraid? No. People, people aren't root. I don't give a shit about that. You afraid? I that that what people think. I don't care. And I also don About that I'm Asking don't if there's ever a team people can root for from New York. Like outside of New York. Yeah. I'm saying that people gonna, people are gonna look at in this series, I think people are gonna look at the Mets and be like, that's a fun team, I guess. But it's not, I guess. Yeah. So, but you're afraid because they're playing great baseball right now. The Phillies are better than the Mets at every aspect of the game. They're, they have a better lineup. They have a better, better starting pitching.


Here we go. They have a better bullpen. Doesn't matter, but doesn't matter. But, but they're just the team right now. I know Some the, the Phillies have been that team in the past and the, and And it ran outta juice. So I'm just hoping that the, the day off tomorrow kills the juice. Oh. Mm. What happens if the Mets wake up on Saturday and the juice is still there, Then it's trouble. I think it's gonna go five. I think it's gonna go five. And with my track record, I probably You're gonna fly to New York. New York Street. Stream it. Eight Five with fucking Meek Phil, meek Phil and Frank in my face.


And it's just gonna be another screen shot. Probably gonna freak out. Probably. It'll, there's gonna be another screenshot that'll live on forever. Yeah. I, Frank's gonna tell you nine times the Mets have lost already. They're Gonna win, gonna suck. And I'm gonna keep telling him to shut Up. There's gonna be multiple moments where like you and Frank are doing the same thing. And, we can be like Yeah. Early onset Fleming. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's going to go five. Should we get You some glasses? The Phillies are gonna go up. Two one. I'm going be comfortable. I'm gonna be like, okay, we're we're gonna win this. It's all good. We're gonna get past the Mets. We're gonna be up in game four and then it's gonna be, and then the Mets are gonna have a heroic comeback in game four and then game five, they're just gonna smoke us and it's gonna be, it's, it'll be like four nothing Mets in game five.


That's how it's gonna go. Damn. Wow. I hope this doesn't happen to you. Memes, your Mets fan. How you feeling? I'm fired up. Yeah, I was freaking out. You're Gonna, you gonna take down Maxi? I don't know. We already agreed to watch in separate rooms. Oh, what? I don't agree. That's not, I don't agree. And now is that, is that to preserve the relationship? Yeah, I, We can't, Sunday we're gonna be streaming all day Sunday. You guys have to watch it in the same room. What's going on? Really? He leaned up to the mic to say something. Who? Alright, wait, hold on. I have a question. Who is, is this more for you Max or for memes?


I feel like it might be more for Max. 'cause memes is low key. Like would get physical. I don't think it would ever Get physical. No, it wouldn't get physical. I just don't wanna be awkward and uncomfortable and I don't want to not Like What do you what where I think we just yell at each other. Yeah. It's One thing. Like Hank's piece of shit. I deal with Hank and then I know he is a piece of shit and I can walk away being like, there's a piece of shit. Mees is like, I sitting next to each other. And it, it's, we work together and we're kind of like partners back here. Oh no. But the tension would be crazy. Sounds like it'd be a great Yeah. View experience. Sounds like it's something that people wanna see. You guys are content producers, right?


Thinking about good content To produce. Oh, that's a good point, Hank. Yeah. Could You shouldn't have said this on the end. Yeah. Like, okay. Think about it. Think about it. If it weren't, let's cut this. If it weren't you two, okay. If it was two other people on this podcast and they were exactly like you guys, you would probably want those clips, Right? Correct. Say if PF D and I were playing in the NFC championship game, we're like, we love each other. No, but me, me and Big Cat, you guys were playing in the NCAA tournament. Know what? He went to the game. He had to go to a wedding. You idiot. You know about weddings. Dumb dumb. Big. Cat. If you and I were playing against each other in the NFC, we'd probably watch in separate rooms and not really have any cameras on to preserve Our relationship. Right. That would be an acceptable, no one would ever, yeah. People wouldn't needle us the whole time. And. it wouldn't be the most stressful thing of our lives.


Yeah. Wouldn't be like going back to Raja Davis when, when the Cubs won the World Series and Dave showed up to game seven in a full Cleveland Indians uniform. That's A, because you know that he doesn't actually Yeah, but still That like I deal with that stuff that for some reason Hank, I don't Vote. Think we should. Something about Hank I think we should ask the, the listeners if they would like to see What we're memes are Gonna cut this max and memes. Yeah, they can cut it. And. we will have no idea. Do real quick, do an ad in the middle of this segment. We'll Have literally no idea. If you can hear this. They didn't cut it. Help us. We'll give you Sunday. Sunday. So I'm all asking for Sunday. I'm not, I'm not asking for Tuesday or Wednesday. Sunday's a deal. We Have a Tuesday.


What? I want Tuesday. You want Tuesday? Alright. Right. Hank wants Tuesday. Alright, fine. Saturday. Saturday. Fine. Saturday Game. One question is fine. I have a question. Max. Yep. When are you gonna put on the Phillies overalls that you got? Not game one. That's not Game one. You said it must win. Wait Back to fiction. You said it was a must win, But it's not game one. It's not a game one, But it's a must win. Correct. But it's not important enough to put, it sounds like it's not a must win then. It's not game one. Are you Gonna watch at a bar at home? It's a good question. I've been a bar is tough because it's college football Saturday because like, no bar is gonna be like giving the baseball game any Prime.


I bet Hank knows some bars that don't play college football. That's a good one. A Really shitty bar was like a bartender wears suspenders and makes A drink that you're at. I'm gonna hates. Yeah. My my best case scenario is finding like bar that no one wants to go to Saturday. So so Saturday you guys are fine to, to watch a part. Yeah. Sunday we're gonna be streaming. I'd Like to That's fine. You guys can sit on opposite sides of the row. Okay. Yeah, that's good. That's good. That's good. And then Tuesday we'll do this couch. Tuesday we can do this couch. We'll just do clips. Not the couch. Yeah, yeah, because we're gonna record after. Okay. But not the couch.


Oh, Maxie. Are you afraid of getting Bing Bonged Maxie. I always Get bing bonged. No, he's, it's literally just not the, it's, it's the Villanova game that we watch. Which Shane Gilli here that has has him. Like, why weren't We watching The ca This this room has him bothered. I mean, all, every, I don't win in any room. There's no good room. Every room ends in disaster for me. And, it always ends in like the most, Should we watch outside? We don't have Where are you? Where's somewhere from Pf t's roof? Yeah, we can watch on my roof That's outside. There's no roof. Max is not allowed inside. Max an outside cat. Oh. Just, just Like lay a little tray of snacks out for him. A saucer of milk.


Put 'em, put 'em. I will say Saturday morning he's gonna come. I'm gonna be like, Phil's in three. Yeah, of course, of course. You're scared right now. The Met the Mets are playing it. Baseball is the craziest sport where it's just like, if you're hot at the right time, you can just ride it. I mean, last year we saw it with the Diamondbacks and the Rangers. We do have, so the other three series, the Padres, I not a sweep. You can't say it's A sweep. I guess it's, it's a two game sweep, right? Yeah. But would you say a two games or a sweep? You have to win? I think you have to. If it's a series. I think if, if it's a series and the other team doesn't win, I Just think they won the series. Did anybody, do we see any fans that brought brooms to the game? I'm not sure.


I just don't, I don't feel comfortable calling two, winning two games a sweep. I think you just have to say a two game sweep. Yeah. So the Padres made quick work of the, the Braves. Hank and I have futures on the Padres rooting for the Padres. We're all, we're all pods on board Pods, baby. Wait, wait, when did you guys get Padre's Futures? I did mine late a month And A half ago. Dumb. He's had his for a while. Fuck. I wish I knew that you guys still had I ca I literally did it the worst time. So I cash, I I got my Padres future in like, I wanna say Midgut and you cashed and I cashed it out to put on Travis Hunter for Heisman. Which by the way is a great bet because Okay. Yeah. Yeah. He's awesome. Travis Hunter, if we haven't mentioned, I don't know if you've heard us say it before, we haven't. But Travis Hunter is, they have a bye week this week. So people are probably gonna forget it. I'm not gonna forget That.


We're not gonna forget Travis Hunter. Hunter. I'm gonna think About he's the Heisman Trophy Winner. I'm gonna be watching the Padres play baseball. Yeah. And I'm gonna be like, you know what? That future, I cashed out on him. I'm actually happy that I did, because I invested it. I made money. Now I'm rolling that over. Invest in Travis Hunter. He's not getting injured this weekend. No. He is his bi-week. He's getting healthier. The, so yeah, the Padres play, the Dodgers, the Tigers, which are the other, that's the other great story in these playoffs. I mean, what was the, what is it like 0.2% chance to make the playoffs in August and any team that beats the Astros is gets a special place in everyone's heart. I haven't forgotten. No. A lot of people have forgotten. No, not me. I'm not gonna forgive. Never forget. Not gonna forget. 'cause they ducked out, they lucked out during the covid year.


Correct. Where they didn't have fans that are to give 'em shit. But yeah. The, the Tigers are they they're among the lowest payrolls in baseball. Yes. Which is crazy. They're the youngest team in Major League baseball. Let's look up payrolls. And also let's, let's look up how much younger the Tigers are than every other team. Yeah. And then we had, and then And it. So it's the Al Central and the Yankees in, in, in the Al playoffs now because the Royals beat the Orioles. Who? The Orioles. Listen, you gotta score more than one run in two games. I'd like to retract what I said about maybe America finding the Mets fund to root for just looking at their payroll. Yeah. That, see, that's where I draw the line. It's like they're not fun to root for, but you have to, they undoubtedly have Team of Destiny vibes.


And I don't think payroll matters for Team of Destiny. Memes has also already said like a lot of the, the guys who are playing are not big money guys. Correct. Like their, their top players are pennies on the dollar. Right. All right. So go scroll down. Scroll down. This is actually awesome. So the Royals of the 20th payroll, the Guardians are the 23rd payroll and the Tigers are the 26th. That's awesome. So the, the, the entire AAL central still still alive in the playoffs. Everyone who made it from the AAL Central and now they gotta take down the Yankees and Yankees. Fans are cocky Right now We gotta look up and see how much money we owe Gary S's Foundation for Paul Skees.


Yes. I think it's a decent amount. I think it's a Lot. A lot of memes. We looked this Up. Memes just said that Josh Hader, who blew the game for the Astros, makes more money than the entire payroll of The Tigers. Of the Tigers. I love those. That's wild. I love those. By the way, did you guys see that? That sounded like a Revelle tweet. Did you guys see he has a guy? Yeah. So Revelle has a guy who monitors the internet for him at all times. And he sends his emails of like, Hey, here's stuff that people are talking about on Twitter. Emails are interesting stuff. Text is something that he should attend to pretty quickly. And then there's a agreement that if a phone call happens, it's something like, woes retiring.


He Said something. Or that's the biggest Thing. Yeah. That's Imagine being Revelle's guy. I would love to see examples of of times where his guy has emailed him something and Revelle's like this should have been a text. Yeah. Yeah. You know this. Yeah. Wait, the guy that that caught Shhe, Tani's 45th Home run this year was escorted out by se security. That's a call that You have to call me about That. That's a call. That's absolutely a call. What a night of sports though. What a night of sport. October's the best. Do you think his guy And? we started What, what is it means the f Today is the first day. 57 days in a row of football. 55. Unbelievable. Yeah, we are, we're we're truly living in the best times boys.


It is the best. So don't take it for granted. Just remember where we were back in, in June and July. We would've sucked a dick for one football game. And Now we have football and playoff and now Bull. Do you think Revel reveal's Guy calls him on the morning of November 22nd and is like, Hey, just quick reminder. You have to put JFK's brains on the timeline. Oh yeah. Definitely. Definitely. And MLK day gets a, Hey, here's all your memorabilia. No, MLK. You have to go to his house. The guy has to go to his door, knock on his door and be like, Hey, remember, today is the day that you prove how un racist you are. Yeah. Yeah. Many. Do you ever do Mount Rushmore months? Yeah, I think we did. That's what I was just trying to look up. October's great. October's one. One.


No. You okay? Mr. Fucking October Summer boy. October is one. One. October's so good. October has, I've become everything. I've Become more of an October boy. What about June? I've always been an October boy. About what? June? June. June. Can fucking take a hike. Compared to October. I kind of stand with Donny on Jolo. The month that he made up. It goes from June 15th to July 15th. Now There's also all four. All four Sports. All four sports. The weather is perfect. It's just the best Halloween. The funnest holiday. Halloween is the funnest holiday. What? You don't think so? I'm, I'm a Thanksgiving guy myself.


I mean, I, I like Patrick Thanksgiving more than Halloween. Yeah. I'm in terms of funnest though. Actually what? I shouldn't say. What Would you say? St. Patrick's Day. I was gonna say Memorial Day. And then I was like, That's the funnest holiday. That's the funnest holiday. Memorial Day. Weekend's the best is the best weekend of the year. Hank no start of the summer. Like July 4th. So wait, but July 4th is like, summer's almost over. No, No, No it's not. Memorial weekend is the Friday night of summer. I hate people like you. Max let Quick Mount Rush. We each get three picks. Huh? We each get three picks. Quick Mount Rushmore. I said I hate people like you Max. That say that. The 4th of July is the, the start of the end of summer. Yeah. No, that's me. That's, that's How, yeah. Hit the fast word. Are you ready? It's Disrespectful.


Mount Rushmore months. I'll take October 1st. We'll go the, we'll go round snake. Draft three picks each. Well I'm gonna lose 'cause I'm ki I'm Alright. You go second. No, you get you. Well you get to snake get So's gonna lose. Watch me. Okay. Okay. Octo October. I'm gonna go September. Ugh. Hmm. Ugh. I'll go. I'll go June. I'll take July. I In May. Okay. I will take March. Shit. I love March. March my favorite.


June and July. Both off the calendar. Huh? Still one summer month. It seems Back. I'm going to take November. That's what I would've taken. Alright, I'll take, it's on My list. Fuck. I'll take December holidays just getting drunk. Fuck. What's left? Do I go August or is April still there? April's on the board. The masters. Hello friends. Yeah. March Madness. Weather churns. I'll take April. I'm taking August. It's fine. It's too hot. January or February the last two, right? Yeah. It's an easy pick.


It is February. Yes. February. It's shorter. It doesn't feel as bad. No. I think February last. Yeah, February is definitely last January. You get the playoffs every single weekend. Like every weekend of January is fun because you've got meaningful, important playoff football games. You Don't mean that I disagree. No, I, because there's one month of the year that people agree to go sober. And that's January. Facts that that was what? Good Job Max in my head. No, sometimes there's, sometimes you do sober October. How Many fucking years have you gone sober in January? He didn't say he did it. I Didn't say it yet. No one has you Like everyone agrees. No one, no one does that. A lot of people do that. A Lot of people do that. Alright, so. And you also get President's Day weekend. Yeah. In February. That doesn't matter. Yeah, you Can go skiing. You can go.


Alright. So recap memes, make have shame. Make Your also for his holiday. Is is January 1st? College football playoffs. NFL Playoffs? No. No, no. January New January 1st. Is the MO one of the most depressing days of the year? New Year's. Besides football? It is football. New Year's Eve stinks. I think New Year's Eve is a terrible holiday. Yeah. But New Year's, here's what you do on New Year's Eve. No, even when I was, when I was Younger than you, you old, You're old. When you go out to a bar on New Year's Eve, what you do is you pay a hundred dollars to go to the proudest bar that you've ever been in in your life. Then you have to wait about 45 minutes to get a beer. And then the beer's really small and then you have to go to the back of the line, try to find the bathroom, then get back in line and go back to the bar and wait for another 30 minutes.


It's bad holiday. What were your picks? So Shane's gotta make the graphic. I had, Well I mean we got fucked to get going the last, you guys got the first two picks. And, we got the last two picks. I actually think I bottled my first pick. So I, I gave you guys, you did With September Was Bottling September's September to go back to school. That was the Yeah, That was the mid round. It's Kind of like in the middle of like, but Football's Back. Yeah. But it's kind of in the middle of like is it hot? Is it cold? I got July. It's random days. May, January. Yeah. That's pretty good. Oh, that's it. Yeah. That's why we couldn't do, that's why the draft is gonna be lopsided. 'cause there's only three. We only could do three each.


Yeah. Not a true Mount Rushmore. Yeah. We'll still make a graphic. Yeah. What was yours? I did June, March. February. Ugh. That's tough. February's bad. When January was on the board, what was your I had Sept. I had September, November. Ugh. And August. I like November. Ugh. November's good dude. Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving Rocks. I had October, December, April. December's a fun month. 'cause no one gives a fuck. October, December, April. Ah, Well I guess we'll see. Yeah, I'm pretty good. These, It's not about Rush.


It was, It was good. It was a little bonus for And. it was now outta nowhere. It was also a fun Mount Rushmore bonus of having PFT have the whole calendar except October and just going Septembers September And. we all were like, what? Honestly, The, the real reason I picked it is 'cause I had a great September. Ugh. There's Literally a song that says Wake me up when? September 10th. It's true. Oh, okay. Cool. So we're gonna, we're gonna base all of our takes on Billy Joe lyrics. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's fair. Okay. Definitely. Okay. Anything else? We Also have a great song by Earth, wind and Fire. Do you remember 21st nine Is September.


Do we have anything else? That was just a fun night of sports. I'm buzzing off sports. You guys feel the same way? October's very own. What? What'd you say? October's very own. October's Very own. Do you know who that is? No. Drake. Oh. Oh. All right. We don't, we Don't. We're Kendrick. We don't Observe. We're Kendrick guys over here. I know, but you not picked October. You picked October. You're not like us. That's a fact. But you picked October. Wha wha wha wha wha. I'm gonna fuck him up. Alright, let's kick it to ourselves with a preview. Certified Pedophile.


Okay. Before we get to our weekend preview, Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports football season is here. And. we can't wait to get out to some games this fall. With the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with a brand new Gametime picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime Picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Looking for maybe Steelers cowboys Sunday Night Football. Double Renegade, possibly. Hank, what do we got? We got tickets for as cheap as $176. Ooh. Okay. So go right now to Gametime Double Doublet. Yeah. There we go. Put it on the GT Pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? If you're listening to this, you're thinking about going to the Steelers Cowboys Sunday Night Football. Go right now and buy those tickets on Gametime Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our wonderful favorite sponsor Chevy. Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore of pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving using the Silverado for all kinds of Pardon, My, Take jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week Silverado helped us give Fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year, Silverado was out West. West with us. With our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit. Paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the Bold, blacked Out. Look at the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com and build your own Silverado to Silverado hd. And check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


Okay, boys, week five we eyes. Bye. Weeks. London. Bye. Weeks are here. London is here. I, I'm gonna say right now, it's not my favorite slate in the fact that there are some tough games to pick. But I do love the setup that we have a, a morning game in London. We have six games in the first slate, four games in the second slate, and a Sunday night football that is perfect amount of football watching where you can actually watch every game and not just be like, oh eight, nine games at noon and we're just everywhere and don't know what's going on. I love how this this day tapers out. It's a good mix for sure. Yeah. I hate it when there's all the games in the early slate and then we just get three and then two of 'em are stinkers in the afternoon.


I think it's set up for good Day of football. I like the England game the first time it happens because it's something different and something new. And you get breakfast in football, which is wonderful. Are we going to get the simulcast with like the Toy Story animated character? I don't think so. Shit like That. I don't That's Yeah. You remember when they had Like animated booger? Yeah. In the booth an discussing the, the game. That was awesome. This is gonna be fun though because I think the Vikings are undefeated in London, right? Yes. So we have Jets at Vikings. I think The Vikings are three and oh Three and oh there both teams did the stupid thing and they're traveling on Thursday, practicing on Friday. They should have gone early in the week. But time zones, remember Vikings are going further. Vikings are going a little bit further and they're going one hour further too.


Yeah. So this is a, the ultimate East Coast game for the Vikings who haven't been to England since the year 10 65. Yeah. Vikings, by the way have le have only been trailing this season for three minutes and 26 seconds. Pretty good. That's pretty crazy. That was also the crazy part is that was week one against the Giants. Yeah. When they're down three, nothing. So they have been dominating everyone. I feel like this might be where you have to try to start fading them. Now the Jets have a lot going on. We have Cadence Gate memes is back. I'd like memes to maybe address Cadence Gate because after the game on Sunday, Aaron Rogers said, we'll just have to go.


You know, maybe it's on them. Sah then said, what was his exact quote? He said we've, I think he said there's no problem and there's no, there's no, there's No cadence issue. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. There's no cadence issue. Which means there's definitely a cadence issue. Memes, there's a cadence issue with the Jets right now. I don't think there's a Caden cadence issue. What do you mean? There's just not one. That's just how he plays. What about Their false starts though? This is just an outlier. Okay. From the first four weeks. 'cause the first three were fine. Now. Week four problem. Here's, here's Sal's exact quote. He sounds like Danny Boy Cain right now.


There is no cadence issue. There never was a cadence issue. It was created at No time did I get attacked by a cadence. If I got attacked by a cadence, I'd be hightailing outta here. Like Carl Lewis. And also just on the record, Aaron Rodgers never had swine flu. We don't know that he's been immunized. Yeah, that's true. Memes. This reminds me when you have Aaron Rodgers saying One thing, Robert Sala saying the other kind of reminds me of a little trip to Egypt. No. Do you think Aaron Rodgers gonna stop by the British Museum and see all the Egyptian artifacts that, that he didn't get to see while he was in Cairo? Yeah, I Think he probably, during Minic camp, he'll Probably go on a little fact fighting tour.


Figure out what's going on. Princess Kate too. Do I like, Do you think, do you think they could have probably figured out the cadence during mini camp? That's, that Might be an issue they could have worked on together. Yeah. So memes, this cadence issue, it's an issue. Or are you saying that what Florio s or sorry, Sala said there is no cadence issue. There never was a cadence issue. It was created. Is that Sah talking or is that one of your many Florio's Maybe taking outta context, even though he was very clear saying there's no cadence issue. There never was a cadence issue. No, that's clearly, that's clearly Bob. That's Bob. That's Bob. You're out on Bob. I've, I've noticed now that you're not calling him Robert. Yeah, I, I, I'm, I'm I'm out on Bob, Bob Sala. Now the question is, is is Rogers out on Bob?


No, they, they're still good. I think it's week to week. There was a video after the Patriots game where they hugged immediately, but they never put that out. Mm Ah, That's where the Florio's come in because Jet's Pr, they should have put that out immediately. But instead they just waited to put in the YouTube episode of One Jets Drive and just never put it out online. They Didn't show a hug show. Very dishonest Media not telling the full picture about that. No, they, you gotta put, you gotta get that out. Clip it. Put it out immediately. Be like they love each other. Yeah. Look at this hug. They clearly love Each other. So memes. Let me ask you this though. Aaron Rogers knee, is that an issue That I believe that's an issue. That is An issue. He's got a swollen knee and I don't think that long plane ride helps with swollen knees.


Let me ask you another question. Memes. Is there, so Devonte Adams obviously in the news, wants to be traded. A lot of teams have said, you know, I saw the Chiefs were, are obviously in the market, but they're not going to probably do an in division. There was the Steelers, the Cowboys came out and said they're not interested. Thank you. Cowboys. No one asked you. Well they don't have any money left over. Yeah, But that, that was very, Jerry Jones would be like, Hey, we're not interested. We didn't fucking ask. It'd be very funny though if Jerry Jones just a week after saying like, we wanted Derrick Henry but couldn't get him 'cause we're poor. Yeah. And he is like, yeah, you know what a, a big name, wide receiver. We'll make it happen. Yeah. Saints, dark Horse, Devonta Adams, Derek Carr, Fresno State.


And then you have the Jets where everyone thinks he will eventually end up. Is there a possibility? Memes that Devonte Adams trading for Devonte Adams is kind of like having a kid to save the marriage. Just add another guy. Yeah, we'll be fine. Just add another guy and we'll be Fine. This will make Aaron happy. Yeah. This, this finishes off Aaron's wishlist that this, this Will change my wandering eye to other coaches. If I have Devonte Adams just get me Devonte Adams and I, I swear to God I'll never bring up Cadence again. And if you get Devonte Adams, you could get yourself Aaron Rogers for a couple more years. Okay. Oh interesting. 'cause he'll be happy. What about he'll be happy. What about Robert Sala? He won't have many years.


Okay. Me Memes. Do you want terminal want Do you want Aaron Rogers for another four years? Yes. Okay. Okay. Quarterback is just the worst. He's off to his worst start in, in his career We had tough schedule. Okay. That's true. Tough schedule all. So how are you feeling about this game? I'm nervous. the Vikings are the best team in the NFL Sam Donald Potential revenge game. Even though we already had it one time. But it's a bounce back. There won't be any rain. And the Jets normally This is one of those games that won't come out. They're in London. There, there won't be any rain. No. Not On, not on Sunday morning. Are You? It's in London, England.


Well the game's not on Sunday morning. Sunday afternoon. Yeah, Sunday morning here. Okay. But the game's not, we're here. The game's in London. Excuse me. Sunday afternoon in London. There won't be Rain. Are we Sure Positive. So The thing about that stadium, it's at Tottenham Stadium, right? The Hot Spur. I'm look it up right now. It's at the Hot Spur Stadium. And the way that thing is set up, they've got an opening in the roof above the field. So all the fans, you don't get rained on if you're a fan. But the field will get slick. It's the same field that last year, I think the bill said it was like playing on fucking cement. I think that's the direct quote. It was not good. So What they do is the NFL, we know the NFL first and foremost protected shield. They care about player safety 100%.


That's Paramount to them. So when they send teams over to England to play on grass soccer fields, what they do is they have them remove the grass soccer field and install field turf. So they're gonna be playing on a slick stadium maybe or a slick field. Okay. Chance of precipitation on Sunday at Tottenham Stadium is 35. No 50%. That feels like it could be rained. It could be rained. But 50% chance just 50% of the area. True, true. Good point. Memes only half The field will get rained on. Good point Means half. Half the area. Half the area. Yeah. Just gotta hope our area doesn't get wet.


You got, I think the, I think what really all cadence, rain, Salah, Devonte Adams, all that aside. I think the thing that's scary is to you and should be is that the Vikings defense is a fucking monster unit right now. And Brian Flores has them playing incredible ball. And you have a quarterback who has a gimpy leg. He has a gimpy leg, but he is a 20 year veteran. So he might be able to find the holes. Yeah. And where to exploit the defense. When you said that you've played a a tough schedule, where did the Broncos at home fall in that one? Hmm, good Question. PFT and also the Patriots at home. While you're talking about it, The Broncos were number two hardest.


I'll, I'll stick Broncos Defense is good. Yeah, they're Very good. They're the only team that blitzes more than the Vikings I think. And that didn't go well. No, it did not. Cadence Patriots were humming off two off two games. They won One went to overtime with the Seahawks. They Were humming. Were Humm. That was a humming, humming Patriots that you faced. The Titans will levies most electric player in sports. Yeah. Yeah. So So He played the Titans, the Patriots, the Broncos. Yeah. He's tough when he says tough schedule. Tough schedule. He's meaning they've started the season with the 49 ERs. Yeah. And Robert Sah and Nathaniel Hackett are your coaches. So that's just tough in general too. I just, so I'm in a, I'm in a tough spot with the Vikings because I do believe the Vikings are very good also memes.


Can you do me a favor and find on Grit Week we did our NFL Futures and I believe I picked the Vikings over six and a half and Max laughed in my face. Can you, this is a hundred percent. Yep. Can you find, can you find that video for me? This is wrong. I picked the Vikings under six And a half and you left in my, and then I laughed in my face. Okay. You laughed in my face. So can we find that video real quick? I just wanna watch that. You can just find it and we'll put it up. But anyway, I believe in the Vikings. I think they're a very good team. I just, in the back of my head, I'm like, at some point they'll have a stinker and I don't want to be involved when they do. Yeah, You don't wanna miss on that. And I Don't know if it's this week because this does feel like it's, the Vikings have been underdogs.


They've been underdogs. I think three out of the four games they've, they've won outright obviously three out of four. Or they've won all their games. They're now favorites. The Jets look like shit's going on. Old quarterback, tough knee, everything says Vikings. That's why I might take the Jets. So I kind of agree with that. Where it's the Vikings off a big win against the Packers. They dominated the first half. But Grard said that they're actually in film study. They're treating this as a loss. Oh, I love that. They're just pretending that they lost last week to the Packers. 'cause the second half was so bad. I love that. So I like that too. I, but I do agree that if you're just looking at trends and the jets after losing that, that ten nine game at home to the Broncos, they can't look any worse than they did last week.


Everybody has a fresh memory of how bad the jets were. Everyone has a fresh memory of how good the Vikings were. Right. This seems like the right time to flip it on everybody. Yeah. So that's, that's what you got going for you right now. Memes the flip. Yeah. And historically with Bob slaw teams lose to the Broncos in a horrible fashion. One of the worst games of all time. Yeah. Beat the best team in the FL the next week. Mm. The best team in the FL. Are you crowning the Vikings? Yes. Chiefs not, No. Oh, okay. The two were the three Super Bowls wasn't enough. No, that that was last year. Okay. All all right. Fair, fair, fair, fair. This is a a crazy stat I came across. So when Donald is targeting Justin Jefferson under the blitz when they blitz darn, he's nine for nine.


227 yards, two touchdowns, no picks. And a perfect passer rating. Justin Jefferson is the best wide receiver in the league and it's not close. I agree. I know that not close is a stupid thing to say. He has scored in every single game this year. He's so goddamn good that it's, to me it's not close right now. Thought experiment. If Tyreek Hill was on the Vikings and Justin Jefferson was getting passes thrown to him by Snoop Huntley, do you think we might be saying the same thing about Tyreek Hill? No, I think Justin Jefferson would still be scoring somehow. Okay. He's that good. He's that goddamn good. What were you gonna say? Memes? I just sent the video. Oh. Oh just play it on here. I'd like to watch it.


I can, I trust tree real quick. 'cause we're not right. Pretty much ever. I may have watched our Baker Mayfield Sam Donald clip like a hundred times. It's so good to see. Right. It's So good to see. Fucking nailed it. The fact that it's those two guys. Yeah. And they're having these this year. It was just, I I need to stop because it's like, it's kind of fucking my head up where I'm like, do I know Ball? So this is actually the perfect case of the J the Jets versus the Vikings. We're high on ourselves because of our, our Sam Donald and Baker Mayfield take. So now is the exact time you should fade us. Correct. 'cause we're reading our own press clippings, which are also reported by ourselves. Yeah. Which you shouldn't do. Alright, so here's the clip of Max Dum Max saying that the Vikings, were gonna go under six and a half.


You you literally just said about how Wrong you were. Oh. Oh you said under six and a half. Yes We we're. There's no audio. I know I'm getting to the part. Oh, okay. I know the part. Look at us. We're looking. Yeah, we look great out there. Grit. Week's the best. I wanna do Grit Week again soon. Maybe like next August. We Got nice tans too. Yeah. Eagles under 10 and a half. Good job. PFT. Oh no wait, I don't know what my pick was. I Think I flipped mine. This Is a problem. I don't know what my pick was. Here we go. I'm happy With the coach already. Nothing's gonna work out in D. Nothing's gonna work out in dc. Nothing's gonna work out in dc. Nothing's gonna work out in, nothing's gonna work out in DC for the Eagles when we beat their ass.


No. Alright, my pick for the under don't clip that. Indianapolis Cols Ries. Okay. I actually think the A FC South is gonna be pretty good this year. Jaguars bounced back. Ooh. Maybe Sneaky. Yeah. Sneaky under eight and a half wins for the Colts. My pick's gonna be the Seahawks of seven and a half. I don't think. Oh hey You say under, under under seven. All these Picks suck. The Eagles is pretty good. Six and a half wins. I think the division's gonna be real. Wait, that's the line. Yeah, I love that. Over. Okay. I'm gonna take the Vikings under six and a half wins. I think the division's gonna be really tough. They're gonna have a rookie quarterback. It's gonna be a rookie quarterback. the Vikings aren't gonna be there.


Six under six and a half of the Vikings. You Didn't count on Sam Ney. Well Sam, Sam Darna wasn't the star. So that was, that was hit or miss for us. Yeah. And all of all of us had bad Picks. Listen The cult, well Col started Owning two. The cult started owning two. If we'd played this two weeks ago, it would look like a genius. Actually. Hank Hank's under seven and a half for Seahawks. Yeah. That's a bad pick. Yeah, that's all right. We're bad. Okay, let's go to the next game. Ravens at Bengals. This one I believe we can all agree even though all of our teams are playing, that one should be middle sound. Yes. I love this one. Yes. So we always forget to remind ourselves that Lamar Jackson really good against the NFC. We should also remind ourselves Lamar Jackson eight and one against the Bengals.


Yes. He guy kind of owns the Bengals. Did you guys see the thought starter that was floating around the internet this week? Which I thought was very interesting that Derrick Henry might be the last running back to go into the Hall of Fame, which was like, whoa, is that true? And then I started looking at it And. it could be True. No, it's not true. Okay, so different thought. So we'll say that's not true. Here's a different one that I want to throw out there. Derrick Henry is 17, 18 yards away from 10,000 yards. He could be the last running back we see get 10,000 yards. No. Which is Crazy. Lamar. Lamar, Lamar is actually probably gonna do it. Yeah. But the list, Zeke is a thousand yards away.


I don't know if Zeke has that much left. I wouldn't say that. Zeke's a hall of famer Nick. No. This to get 10,000 yards. Yeah. Nick Chubb is at 6,500 yards. Obviously a bunch of injuries. He'd probably have to play three or four more years at Peak. Nick Chubb. And then it goes to like Cama, who's getting up there in age. Christian McCaffrey who might, the walls might have him retired. Saquon like how many more years is Sequan gonna play? Four? So if he plays four years and what does he, he's, he hasn't gone over 1,005 yards. He's at 56 50 right now. So he'd have to get, he'd have to go over a thousand yards for those four years. Like it's kind of crazy to see the actual the, the only answer that I'm looking at when I'm looking at all of these is possibly Jonathan Taylor.


'cause he's got, he's halfway there. He is only 25 years old. If he just stays a, like a bell cow for another five years, he could get there. But it's nuts to look at and realize that Derrick Henry, when he gets to 10,000 yards, he'll be 32nd all time And. we might not see a lot of 10,000 yards guys, you know, ever again. What about Bijan? Bijan doesn't get enough runs. I know. Give, give Bijan the opportunity to get in the Hall of Fame. The, the other crazy thing about Derrick Henry is if he, so he's 18 yards away from 10,000 yards. This is all just, we should respect Derrick Henry more because it might be the, it's the last of a dying breed. He's 18 yards away from 10,000. He's five touchdowns away from a hundred. If he gets 10,000 yards and a hundred touchdowns, he'll only be the ninth guy ever in history to do it as a running back.


And all the other eight guys are in the Hall of Fame. So he's definitely gonna be in the Hall of Fame if he hits that. Barry Sanders finished with 99 touchdowns. Sean Alexander finished with nine, 9,500 yards. I'm Gonna, I'm gonna call my shot next. Running back after Henry into the Hall of Fame Genty Okay. From Boise State. You're Gonna go that far. I'm, I'm gonna go that far. Okay. He's that good. I like that. I like that. No, I don't think he's gonna be the last running back. He benefited definitely from being in those Titans offenses for years. Which the game plan was just let Derrick Henry eat. Yeah. And let him cook the entire time. And you know, what's the craziest part about Derrick Henry? His first two years in the league weren't like Derrick Henry. Derrick Henry, you know, his first year in the league in 2016, he had 490 yards in his second year.


He had 744 yards. So like, if they had started using him then It's crazy though. He is, he's still so fast. It feels like the Ravens have figured out like, Hey, we're not gonna run the Titans offense. We're not gonna run him, you know, 35 times a game. But we can run him in an effective way. And this game comes down to me. The Bengals defense is an atrocity right now. A lot of it due to injury. Trey Hendrickson might be out again or he got injured. He might be out a stinger. Their defensive line is, is a mash unit right now. They're gonna get guys back eventually. But I just feel like the Ravens are gonna be able to run the ball down their throat. Joe Burrow's gonna be in this game because he's, the offense is not a concern.


But I think it's just a, a bad time to have to play the Ravens. The Ravens also are, according to Aaron Chats, our, our friend, recurring guest. They're the second best team two and two team of all time. Okay. So two and two teams, obviously they're so, they're basically way better than their record says they are. But That's kind of what we said. Even when they were old. Of course I look at the Ravens, but the stats back it Up. I looked at, at the Ravens right now as being a a two and O team. Yeah. Their season started week three. Are the Bengals one of the best one in three teams of all time? I think they might be. Yeah. In the top 5%. I don't, I don't know if they would be. 'cause their defense is probably dinging them pretty bad. It's pretty much that the Ravens have, like, statistically won all four of their games, but they lost two of them. Now this all, did you see Jason, Kelsey said that stats are numbers, numbers are nerds.


Nerds are for losers. Oh, I like that. Yeah. That's a good one. That's a good way of explaining the entire equation. Yeah. He just, Morris told us he he dumbed it down. Yeah. Well Yeah. Well Raheem Morris dumbed it down when he just said stats are for losers. But this shows us the steps in that equation. Yeah. to get there. Yeah. Number a number has never won a Super Bowl. No. Think about it that way. I just, I I I want to take the Bengals 'cause of the spot and desperation and all of that. I just, I'm, I'm nervous that their defense is just gonna get rolled over Their run defense. It's 31st in the league in run stop win rate. I don't know what that, that stat actually means, but that tells me that their defense can't stop the run. And that's what the Ravens wanna do. Also, we should appreciate Cal Van Noy more. Yeah. Cal Van Noy. He's still out there. He's a FC defensive player of the month.


Yeah. Pretty wild, right? A WL too. A WL. He, I saw him at the Super Bowl six sacks. He's like, keep doing what you're doing guys. Yeah. Yeah. But this is gonna be a great game. I'm very excited for this game. I also think I'm gonna throw something out there. You guys ready for this?


Let's go on DraftKings real quick. I'm gonna look it up. This one might be crazy, but I'm just gonna say it and you guys can decide if, if I'm stupid, if this is, if this is, you know, an idiotic thing to suggest, but right now, where is he? Where is he? I'm looking for him. Joe Burrow 22 to one to win MVP. That's kind of wild. He did have that locked in. Look this week. He's all business at the press conference. They Would probably have to, yeah, that's a donation. They would. Oh, okay. Alright. Well then forget I said anything. In my opinion, if could tell me if the Bengals make the playoffs, it would probably be because Joe had his best season. It would, they probably, probably would have to win the a FC North. That's the problem. Yeah. Is they would probably have to win the a FC North. So you're right in that Hank that it would be a donation unless they win the a FFC North. But I think they're often like he's going to, if their defense stays as bad as it is, he's going to have to play a style of football that is gonna put up crazy numbers. They've got a couple hopes in this game. One is the fact that, well they're, they are one and three, but the Ravens, they're two and two. So they're only one game away from 'em. Yeah, they're, they're obviously two games back from the Steelers. Yes. This would be a, a big win for the Bengals. Joe looked locked in. And also if Lamar gets his hands on Skyline Chili before the game, like that butt is not holding up. No, Definitely not. I give it like a quarter. Joe Burrow so far is 978 yards, seven touchdowns, one interception. Pretty damn good start. Yeah. Pretty damn good to start. So they have 67 points in the last two games. The Bengals do. And they've got 36 plays gaining 10 yards or more. Which is the most of Bengals team has had in any two game stretch since Super Bowl season. Starting to see it. Hank Yeah, I guess it's, so the thing that I'm struggling with is I think the Ravens are gonna win this game. If you think the Bengals are gonna win this game, you should take 22 to one right now because it will go down if they win this game. Right. Like if the Bengals win this game and they're now two and three and they beat the Ravens, I would imagine Joe Burrow's MVP odds on DraftKings would be like 15 To one. Yeah. They go up quite a bit. Right. So that would be the play I'm gonna call it. Must win for the Bengals. Must win for the Bengals. Can't lose. Can't lose for the Ravens.


Can't lose for the Ravens. What were you Gonna say? PF? D. I was just looking at MVP odds. Did you take Jayden Daniels when I sent that the other day? No, I did not. It's gone. It, it was at 65 to one, now it's 25. Right. Ah, I, I hate this. Whenever Max tries to just shoehorn in great Jaden Daniel stats in this podcast. Ah, I mean I, all I tried to do is just tell, tell you to take the bet Max enough about Jaden. We know you love Jaden. We know you think about him all the time and you watch all his highlights and then you say crazy stuff about 'em when the microphones are off was crazy. And I'm sick of it Max from you. I mean that, that's such a jump. That sick of it. That was after the game. I don't like hearing all these Jaden stats. I'm sick of it. I'm sorry. I don't like thinking about the Super Bowls with Jayden. My bad. My Bad, my Bad.


Alright, well let's talk about that game. Browns Commanders, PFTI was thinking this was an easy bet on the Commanders, but something breaking news recently has made me switch my opinion. Is it the picture of Jaden Daniels that he did with Mike Vick? It is not because for me, I saw the Jersey Exchange. It was Jaden and Mike Vick signed each other's jerseys, held 'em up smiling. That makes me think that swagger from Cleveland is gonna have something to say about this game. Mm. No, he's not gonna like that. Here's what made me change my opinion. Mad Dog, your producer from macro dosing tweeted out an hour ago, whoever stole my buffalo chicken wrap from the Chicago HQ fridge.


I hope your football teams all lose this weekend and none of your bets hit. Now Mad Dog is a Browns fan. She is, but she doesn't, this iteration of the Browns doesn't really do it for her. I'll put it that Way. She's a Browns fan though. Yeah. We have found the culprit. The culprit is intern Jacob, who is a Commander's fan. I disavow. That's tough. I disavow the fact that they're playing each other and she said that, well, He's got, he has to take Brown's money line. That's Nuts that, that just happened. I'm gonna make it like to have a a, a theft in the office like that, which is Savage behavior. And then have the two, the teams. She's wishing that that person's teams lose all their games. And it so happens that her team's going up against his team, which is your team.


That's bad vibes. I don't Like it. I'm gonna make Jacob bet the Brown's money line because she said, I hope all your bets lose. Yeah. So the only way to combat this is to Good point. I hope that he misses that one. Good point. I disavowed Jacob Mad Dog. I will buy you sandwiches for the rest of the week. Order to No, I, no, I've already, I've already given my ruling. Jacob's buying her lunch all week next week. That's fine. Yeah. That was, that's that's It's Friday. Yeah. Yeah. I was in, yeah, I was including Saturday, Sunday. Oh, nice. But yeah, the, she's she, she's getting lunch all next week from Jacob. Yeah. That okay. That makes me feel bad. Also, if we're taking the logic that we had with the Vikings and the Jets, this would be the time to bet on the Browns, right? Yeah. Because the commanders can't look any better than they have and the Hook, the Browns sitting, There's worse.


Yeah. I think I like, I think the commanders win this game, but I think there's a chance the Browns might muck it up. The commanders have played not great defenses. The Browns are a better than a not great defense. Nick Chubb is back, I don't know if you like the Browns are the worst vibe team in the NFL right now. Nick Chubb seems like an awesome dude. When he came back to practice, everyone was pumped. But he Is not gonna play this weekend, right? No, but being, they have a three week window to activate him off the pump. Being back at practice though, like everyone was like, what's up? Two four. Oh, here comes Nick Chubb. That's gotta help. The Browns are such a bad vibes team. This tweet from Greg Rosenthal. I, I, I copied it because I was just like, holy shit. The Browns are spending more cash in 2024 than any team in the NFL.


They're the league's second oldest team and they are dead last in total DVOA because of their number 32 ranked offense that is as most money oldest dead last. Yeah. Especially when you consider that their defense should be good. Yeah. To be total D-V-O-O-A in last place is it's terrible. It's very bad. Things are No, Their offense is, is last in DVA, which brings their whole rating down. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. Like, that's what's crazy is their defense is good enough where you think that no matter how bad that offense is, they'd still be, you know, like middle of the pack or So overall they've been very, very tough to watch. And you know how a couple weeks ago, I think it was after, maybe after the Bucks game, I said I get defensive of the commanders like they're my baby where I can call them ugly, but then I get offended when other people say like, oh, your baby's ugly.


You're not allowed to say that. I, I've actually kind of reached the other end of it where now you've got people going so far over the top praising the commanders that I'm like, it's kind of weird how much you love my baby. Chill out dude. Yeah. So Damien Woody this week already proclaimed Jay Daniels to be the best quarterback in the NNFC. Yeah. Chill out man. Chill out. Chill out. I, I get to think that I don't get to say it out loud yet, but just know that Well, you've said it out loud. I'm thinking it, I've said, I've said, I've actually said worse than that. Off year worse, way worse. But, And you said, you said you would only trade him for Patrick Mahome on the air. So that would mean that everyone in the NFC he's better than No, that's for like future. Yeah. But that he's better than, that's, that's taking the only quarterback you trade him for is an a FC Quarterback.


But that's taking into account the entire future. Got it. God, like right now, including the, the salary that we pay him. But you'd Understand the deductive reasoning there. I do understand the deductive, deductive reasoning. However, I'm gonna save, if we win this weekend, I'm gonna say some reckless shit. Okay. I'm gonna say some very go off very reckless stuff, but it does feel like the time when the commanders are at their highest, the browns are at their lowest. So I am nervous going into this weekend. Can I throw out one other thing? And this is, I I think it's different now because he's just the OC and not the head coach. But we did have a narrative the last few years where we would always just bet on Cliff Kingsbury in September and then start fading him. Yep. After October. He's not, he has a very, very Bad record. Everyone figures him out. Very bad record. I don't know if that's gonna be the case.


I Don't think it is. As a coordinator, I, he's a, he's a guy that should just be a coordinator for life and be like the best coordinator. Agreed. And he, for whatever reason, he develops great relationships with whoever his quarterback is. They love him. I'm partly saying this, just so that no other team tries to hire him as a head coach. Yeah. Which some other team will definitely try to do at some point. 100%. But yeah, I am, I'm not confident going in this weekend, but I am excited because my days are better when I get to watch Jayden. Yes. Alright, next game. Colts of Jaguars this week in Doug Peterson saying quotes that he doesn't realize are terrible to say out loud that we all look at him and like, huh. He said on Wednesday, I I have not lost the locker room When you have to say that.


Yeah. So a reporter asked and he said, I would know. I talk to those guys every day. I see them every day. And no, I have not lost the locker Room. I know exactly where that locker room is And there are guys in there that I talk to all the time. So I I I can't have lost them. Right. It's, You see me wandering the halls then, you know, I've lost locker room. Maybe he hasn't, maybe he has lost the front office. Well, no, he and Shaq Shad Kahan have great football conversations before and after every game this year. That's great. So he's micromanaging you. Yeah, I, can I say something? I think even though we have Joe Flacco coming up and I love Joe Flacco, I think this might be the get right spot for the Jaguars. So here's a fun stat. The Colts have not won a road game against the Jaguar since when Any guesses, how long, how many years has it been?


Eight years Longer. 2014. What? Whoa. They have not, they have not won in Jacksonville since 2014. Also, Tom Coughlin this weekend is getting inducted into the Jags Ring of Fame. Oh, I love that. Which, that provides a big boost for the Jaguars. Huge. They're gonna show up early for the game also. Why the fuck isn't Tom Coughlin already in the Jaguars Ring of Fame? I Don't Know. He should have been in there years ago. Yeah, they might have just opened it. That's true. Yeah. It feels like that's, they just opened it. I I also think for this game specifically in terms of Slump Busters for Trevor Lawrence, Gus Bradley is the perfect one because Gus Bradley is, he's the, he is probably the poster child, the right place, right time.


He was with the Seahawks as their defensive coordinator right at the start of the Legion of Boom when all those guys got drafted. Then used that to get a head coaching job. Then he's been, you know, was terrible as a head coach and now he's been around everywhere. But like he, those defenses with tho that talent, everyone's like, damn, this guy can coach. Famously Jalen Ramsey said, Gus Bradley never changes anything. He week one, the plays that we're calling are the same as week 17. We don't change anything. We don't adjust. We just run our defense. The Jaguars in the last four years have scored 24, 27, 31, 37 against Gus Bradley's defense. I think this is where Trevor Lawrence is like, Hey, I know what they're gonna do. I'm just gonna get Right. Gus Bradley does not have a great record in Jacksonville either.


Yeah. Overall as a coach. Correct. So I like, as much as I love Joe Flacco, again, I'm rooting for Joe. I probably won't bet this game, but if I had to gun in my head, I, I think I would go with the Jaguars. So I like the Jaguars too. Just because you, that's 10 years. The Colts haven't won there in 10 years. Last Defeated team as well. Yes, that's true. The last Defeated team. I, I like the Jags this weekend. Although I do think that Doug is gonna be gone during the season. Yeah. I think he might be a mid-season firing then. I mean every single quote, every he's doing, he's basically writing the book for quotes that you don't want to hear from a head coach. Where he is like, yeah, we've had productive talks with the Owner. No speeches. No, No, no more speeches. No rah rah.


That's a weird question that you'd ask about my, my seat being warm. Yeah. I haven't lost a locker room. I haven't lost a locker room. We, we can call the plays but the players ultimately have to go out there and execute them. I would love to just hand like a blind resume to Doug Peterson of these quotes he said in the last three weeks. And he probably would look at it and say, whoa, that coach is in trouble That that guy's fired. He's Like, Doug, that's You. That guy's fired. That's you buddy. That's some Marvin Harrison or not Marvin Lewis asked conversation that he had right before he went out. Yeah, it's, yeah I think this is the weekend for the Jaguars. Love the Jaguars this weekend. Even though I don't think that they're as bad as their record says. I think that Trevor Lawrence played good enough last week where I can be like, I can see the vision there.


I can see it happening. He Missed those that that one miss was so bad Though. Yeah, that's true. He also had a drop in the end zone. Yeah, He Oh he dropped one. No his His player. His player. So I remember back it was Justin Fields's rookie season I think And it, which was also Trevor Lawrence's, right? Correct. I said I would take Justin Field's career over Trevor Lawrence. Am I low key? Right about that Jury's out because technically right now, I mean ju like Justin Field being on his second team would say that Trevor Lawrence still, he just got paid a shit load of money. Yeah, he did get paid a lot Of money. Yeah. In terms of money. Yeah. Like if you're talking about actual career, not just football career but like his, you know how much money you get paid.


It's definitely Trevor Lawrence right now. 'cause he's the only one who got the new contract. I'll say this, I'm not as wrong as many thought that I was. I would agree with that. Yeah, that's absolutely right. And I take that as a win. I that's almost better than being right. Yeah. The, it is funny looking back right now at the 2021 draft. Obviously these guys still gotta play a lot. But the 2021 draft, you ready for this Trevor Lawrence one, Zach Wilson, two Trey Lance three, Kyle Pitts four. And then you get a great, a great list of guys, Jamar, chase, Jalen Waddle, pine, JC Horne, Patrick Satan, Devonte Smith, and then Justin Fields and Mac Jones at 15.


There are so many good players like Michael Parsons, Rashan Slater in between Justin Fields and Mac Jones. Yeah. It's basically just the quarterbacks man. Bad year to have to pick a quarterback. Yeah. And You thought that it was a great year too at the time. Yeah. Hey, do you think this makes it more or less likely that that Bill Belichick coaches in Jacksonville, if they're putting Tom Coughlin in the Ring of Fame, less likely? I agree. Less likely? Yeah. He doesn't wanna look up at that name all the time. Alright. Bill's Texans another great game. Very excited for this game. How much weight are we putting behind the H Town? Blue uniforms Pretty, a pretty significant amount I think. I don't know if I love the helmets. Have you seen them? I don't know the helmets.


So these are the first time the Ja, the Texans have ever worn them. They're debuting their H Town blues here It is. PFTH Town Blues. That's kind of nice. They're nice, but I don't know. I can't, I just been staring at these uniforms for the last three days. This is the extent of the analysis we do on this show. Those are The exact uniforms that look awesome if you win and they look like dog shit. If you lose The, I just don't know if I like the script. H Are you looking at 'em Hank? I'm trying to find 'em. H just searched H Town Blues. I don't know What would happen if they just came out wearing the Oilers uniforms. That would be Sick. Just unannounced. I bet 'em, I do actually think the bills are gonna win this game, So, oh, they're not Blue.


They are blue. They look black, but They're, they're blue. They're H town blue. They're h town blue. I don't like These. I was, I thought they were gonna be like the, the old school blue. Yeah. Do you think Stefan Diggs is the one guy, if you're like he's got a revenge game that you don't wanna bet on his team because he's gonna be like, CJ Stroud, you better throw it to me 25 times Today. Yeah. I was thinking their offense is just gonna be Get the ball to Stefan Diggs as much as possible. Yeah. And he is gonna be really pissed. Yeah. The bills. So I It is, I think it's gonna be a great game. Both these teams I feel like are are deep playoff run teams. But the Bills run Defense got gashed against the Ravens. Josh Allen did not have a good game.


I think they get a bounce back and the bills past events has been good. So, and that's what the Texans wanna do. So I, I think I lean the bills. Yeah. I I think I like the bills too. I think they're gonna be able to run the ball also. Yeah. I think, I think Joe Brady's just gonna lean into Cook and just be like, okay, we're gonna take what we give you. I, I think CJ is that game against that. He had the game last week that he had against Jacksonville in the second half the comeback that told me. Okay, let's, let's remember CJ Stroud And Nico Collins. Just remember CJ Stroud, he's still very, very good. CJ Stroud. Nico Collins is a deadly, deadly combo. Is that the best quarterback, wide receiver Combo?


Sam Donald. Justin Jefferson. Yeah. Sam Donald. Justin Jefferson. I forgot Sam Donald maybe Aaron Rogers. Devonte Adams. Yeah. That might happen too. Joe. Yeah. Joe Burrow. Yeah. Jam bro. Jamar Chase is gonna be, they're, they're lightening it up. Okay, next game. Panthers at Bears. This is the next five games are gonna tell the story of the Bears season. I'm gonna, I'm gonna Hank so you can hold me to this 'cause I know that you love twisting the knife. When I go on the rollercoaster, the Bears next five games. If they go four in one, it's yfs. If they go three and two, it's maybe offs, but probably not. But I'm, I'm, I'm right in that middle. Anything worse than three and two?


It's on to next year. Okay. Fair. I hold myself to it. This is the start of the, of the soft part of the schedule where they have to win. 'cause then they have a gauntlet to end the season. So they, I they play the, the Panthers this week. Jaguars Commander's gonna be a tough game. Cardinals, Patriots. That's the next five games. I Think you got three wins in there. Have to win three don't win three. It's on the next year. 'cause then we start playing, we play the, all the division games. Six of 'em. And then the only non division games are the Seahawks and the 49 ERs. Also, you got a chance for double win in this game. So if you beat the Panthers. Correct. Then the second round pick that you get from the Panthers in the draft this year, it gets better. Yep. Just like last year.


Yeah. Yeah. I do love that Andy Dalton is like getting to, you know, it's, it like one of those situations where it's like, oh, I wish that I could like be at my own funeral so I could see all the nice things people say about me. I feel like Andy Dalton's like retiring while still playing. Because some of his quotes are like looking back, he said this week that he didn't like the Red Rifle nickname, but he grew to like it as years past. Feel a little bad about that. The Red Rifle's a good nickname. He didn't like it. What? So he is like talking about it. It's almost like he's doing his retirement speeches. Like in the media week To week he's having an exit interview with the media. Yeah. He's like, I didn't like it. I'm starting to grow on it. He also said that the Bears are actually one of the three teams.


So the three teams that he has not beaten in the NFL, he played for all three. The Bears, the Cowboys, and the Panthers. He's never beaten those three teams. How many times has he played the Bears? He's Played the Bears twice. Okay. Alright. So he probably wants to win this one just to have that revenge game game revenge game against the Bears. Although I feel like the Bears didn't like treat him badly. No, it's not like this is the, the Mike Linnon situation. Yeah, no, he knew he was getting into it was Andy Alton, Nick Foles, Mitch. A little this, a little That carousel. Yeah. Do you think Deandre Swift is fixed? We gotta keep being mean to him, so No. Okay. Not fixed yet. Not fixed yet, but yeah. Must win. Must win for the Bears Carolina's run Defense is one of the worst in the NFL.


Yeah. So that's why I ask about Deandre Swift. 'cause I feel like if you get Deandre Swift from last week, then things go a lot better for you. I Think I saw that Shy Tuttle, their nose tackle might be back. Which I just wanted to say his name 'cause his name is awesome. Total is good. But yeah. Must win for the Bears. I'm I'm, I'm not going to waver on that. If on Sunday night the Bears lose And, we do this show, I'm gonna be very upset and be like, you just blew a great opportunity to get above 500. I think you have this. I think that we're all in love from the Panthers looking not as bad as they did. Look. Yeah, yeah. Which was, yeah, they basically did the, what's, what's the movie where the girl is like a nerd and then she she's all that she takes off the glasses.


Yeah. That's what the Panthers did with any dolton. Any Adult. So artistic. Princess Diaries. Princess Diaries, the Taming of the Shrew. Who was that? Anne Hathaway. I always liked Dan Hathaway. I hated her. Really? Why? But then I started to like her when I saw her wearing a Danny Woodhead jersey. She did? Yeah. Yeah. She's a big Danny Woodhead fan. Shout Out to Danny Woodhead. He qualified for the four ball. Oh really? Did he? Is that what, what is that? I know he is always trying to play in the, like the U us Open us open qualifiers and stuff. He's gotten close. All he qualified for, I believe for the four ball in New Jersey. The four ball at what? Golf? I think it's like a, it's like a, I don't know what he did Find it.


The four ball tournament. It's like a, It's like the four ball USGA thing. I don't know. Go to his. Yeah, there it is. Ticket punched. So thankful we're able to get through to the USGA four ball where we'll play in Jersey. Can't wait to go back to where we lived. Two years to complete. Thank God allowed Willie and I to pull through thanks to Paul and Kobe for looping. Love that. Yeah. Let's Go Danny. Yeah. Oh but yeah, in Hathaway. I just thought she was annoying. Yeah. Okay. I just thought she was very annoying. That's fine. We all have those people. Yeah. Why do you have that tweet up? Max Meme sent me. That was just the last what? Tweet Meme. What's the tweet Was from the a p and V that from the take It was a PNV tweet.


Yeah. From the take. It's Fine. Alright. Next game. Dos Patriots. Oh my God. This game stinks More. Snoop baby. Hank. This is gross. David Andrews, you had already had a bad offensive line. David Andrews out for the season sucks. I Feel like he might be done too. Yeah, He might be done. Legend. What do Great career. I mean this game. Hank Hope it's not Jalen Phillips also out. What, What, what's the record for punts? You calling it We have no offensive line. We didn't have one before. Now we, we lost like the captain of our team in offensive line center.


So it's a 35. Is it still 35 and a half points for the over under? I believe so. The Dolphins haven't won a road game straight up with a backup quarterback since Matt Moore in 2016. And they've had a lot of chances. Yikes. Their backup quarterbacks that have started in that span are Skylar Thompson, Teddy Bridgewater, Jacoby ett, Josh Rosen, Brock Sweer, Matt Moore and Tyler Huntley. They've had a lot of backups. Mike McDaniel also looks like he, he is, he is Depressed. He looks like a, like a scientist in a movie that stayed up until 3:00 AM for the last three nights trying to find an equation that just a, a chemistry reaction that just won't happen for him. Can I also say that I've been laughing a little bit about the memes that have been going around about Mike McDaniel's and Mike McDaniel and Tua.


Have you guys seen Some of 'em? No. There was one where they were, it looked like a Make-A-Wish thing where they were doing a wheelchair out to a kid in a football uniform to like take a snap in a game. And. it was like Mike McDaniel bringing out Tua. Please do this because You can't play Tyler Huntley anymore. Stand there for me. Or Skylar Thompson. Yeah. Poor taste. Poor taste. Everyone who's doing that. But send me any of those that you see. So this is, it's tied with the Raiders Broncos for being the lowest over under the year. I feel like it's gonna go way under three, five and a half, Nine to three. This Is a tough game. The only Thing is Huntley might be able to run with the ball on broken plays. 'cause the Patriots defense not always great against that.


Would you be excited if they all of a sudden were like, Drake May. No. Okay. You don't wanna see Drake. It doesn't matter who our quarterback is, they're gonna have no time to throw. Right. And it. The injury risk is obviously high. Right, but do you wanna see him get his feet wet? No. Okay. Are you gonna watch this game If it's on in the gambling game? There's Only six games. Okay. So unfortunately, yeah, I Will. Hey, we'll be on a big tv. Gimme Your, what's your reaction gonna be if you win? Are you'll be excited, pumped? Yeah. 'cause fucking we work with the Dolphins fan. Nicky smokes. It's so annoying and it'll be great to rub it in his face. Yeah. I'm gonna, I think what I'm gonna do for this game is I'm gonna flip a coin right before the game and I'm just gonna bet it whichever side it goes, I'm gonna bet the over.


And I love that. Never gonna be close. I love that. I might do I I I might do that with you. Fuck it. You know what I might do? I might do, It'll be over in the first Quarter. I might do the live unders as they keep getting lower and lower. See how it's like 17 and a half? See how low I can go with it by the fourth quarter? Hey, Let's bet this over. Yeah. Fuck it. It's so low. All you use, what's The path to get there? Pick six. Even still running Return for a touchdown. Pick six. A regular touchdown Safety, Three field goals and another to touchdown. Shit. See what? See I feel like you need two defensive scores in this game.


That's a lot. That's a lot. It's a lot. It can happen. Maybe we just bet that Okay, Raiders. Broncos afternoon slate. No, Devonte Adams. He is obviously said he was gonna the the, the news broke this week. He's open to a trade. It's also very interesting because how his contract works is I think you can basically cut him for free after this year. And if you trade for him every single week, he gets paid close to a million dollars. I think it's like $900,000. So it kind of makes sense for a team that wants to trade for him to wait a couple weeks. 'cause this is just the Raiders are paying it. If you trade for him in three weeks, you save $3 million.


The price is going down for what you have to pay for. Would You trade Devonte Adams in the division? No. Would you trade him to the Chiefs? No. But Counterpoint, the Raiders are probably what, three, three years out from contending. I still think he would, you would, you can't do it. And by the time those three years goes by, it's 35. If it was the best offer. Yeah, the best offer. Let's just say they offer a second round pick. Everybody else is offering like a third and a fifth. Yeah. I think you'd have to maybe a first rounder, first Rounder would never do that. But yeah, you'd have to do it. You'd Have to listen to 'em. I'll tell you this, Al Davis would never do this. Never, never. But if you just blow 'em away with an offer, I feel like you have to listen to him.


Antonio Pierce is under a show cause now Mm. That ruling just came down. So from college football. Oh, from Arizona State. From Arizona State, allegedly. He took a recruit's parents out to a strip club. Is that love that, is That wrong? No, that's vibes. Why are you Not allowed to do that? I'm assuming they're above the age of 18. Yeah, I think physically they have to be correct. So it's just guys being dudes. What's wrong with that? No problem Here. Is there a difference between taking them out for lunch and then going to a place that has lunch and also entertainment? No. I don't think there is either. No. I think that's fucked up. I think I hate this game because I feel like the Broncos are gonna win, but they're gonna win by two. I like the Raiders. So they're eight and oh against Denver in Las Vegas?


Yes. No, they're they're playing in Denver. Yes. They're eight and oh against Denver. Since they left Oakland. Sorry, since they became the Las Vegas Raiders. Yeah, they're okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I see what you're saying. Yeah. Since they But that's, that's in both places. They've won H Street against the, the Broncos. Correct. I think they've won 10 out of 11 as well. Yeah. Since, Since they're relocated. They own them right now. But the, the Broncos looked so shitty last week. But their defense man, their defense is good. And I think like when you have Devonte Adams out and then you have a lockdown cornerback one of the best in the league. Patrick Strat now going up against their second option, everything gets easier.


I just don't know how you move the ball against this Broncos defense. If you wanna say, Hey, how do the Broncos move the ball period. That's a fair counterpoint. Yep. But I just, I I think the Broncos defense is gonna win this game. Do we have Max back? Is Crosby playing this weekend? I believe he's gonna try to play. I like that. I also know Denver Blitz is a shit load. Gardner mi you pretty good against the blitz. Yeah. So this is another game. That's tough. There's a tough week. Tough week. Tough week. As as our good friend Ben Mintz says, no bet the line makers made it right. Sometimes The best bet is not making a bet. Yeah. Alright. Cardinals at 49 ERs. You wanna I actually don't know if this is a, you want to feel old, but Theo's son was signed to the practice squad of the 49 ERs this week.


Yeah. I feel old. I don't know. Teos kind of old. Yeah. But Teos also a guy that I, I feel like could play football still. Yeah. Yeah. Tariq Owens is signed to the practice squad. They're getting all the suns, huh? Yeah, They got 'em all. I kinda wanna take the Cardinals. So Brock Purdy is three and oh against Arizona. Arizona's lost four straight to the Niners. Alright, here's a stat for you. Okay. I got two stats for you teams to lose by 17 plus points versus teams who won by a 17 point margin the previous week are 60% in the last 20 years. Teams to lose by 28 plus points the previous week. And our dogs of four plus points in their next game are 62%.


So this might might line up with our theory that the, the Cardinals are just sa saving all their good plays for divisional opponents. I'm just saying there's you just over like it's the overreact game. Just come back in the middle. Just come right back in the middle. That was from Pet Labs. Yeah. Marvin Harrison Jr. He was good in divisional games. So that might be their formula. It's like let's save this guy and only go to him in the games that really, really matter. Really, really matter. And This one really, really matters. Yeah. But the 49 ERs offense been really good. Fred Warner has an ankle. He's got two. Yep. But he has An ankle. He's got an ankle. Chris McCaffrey not back this week. He Has two Achilles, Two cc. Well he is got one that's worse than the other.


Yeah. But he does have two Achilles. Yeah. He's two legs that might, we don't know if they, can we see a video of him walking? Is he At the game? Is he going to this game? That would be funny if they, if if the 49 ERs were like, hey, the game in Germany. No, the 49 ERs were like, Hey, we wanted Christian McCaffrey on his birthday to come out and see the flyover And. it was just Jimmy Carter. Yeah. It's like, yeah. This is what he looks like now Jimmy. He might actually be dead. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Sad And. it sucks because he would've been a talk to a fan For sure. 100%. He he looked like he was getting that hawk to a Yeah. Yeah. Mouths open. Catches some flies. You they can't, don't bring 'em out. Don't get cameras around them.


Don't Get cameras around. The guy's a hundred years old living to I I'm of the mindset that anything over 90, all all, all jokes are off. Like you, you can joke about anything because you've lived an incredible life. But still don't bring 'em out. Yeah. We didn't need to see that. The flyover who falls asleep during a flyover. Well I think they had to do a flyover 'cause that's the only direction you can look. It's So hard. It's so hard to They couldn't, they couldn't have done like a marching band. You wouldn't be able to see it. Can you imagine falling asleep and you've got jets just breaking the sound barrier over your face. Well he's never awake. That's true. Hank is Christian still in Germany? I don't know. I don't believe so. We don't, okay. So He's, I think he was back. It was back and forth. I would like to see him at this game. 'cause he might not be alive actually.


Yeah, we haven't seen him. I'd like to see him as well. Same. Okay. Wrapping up. We got a few more games. Packers at Rams. I think this is the Packers like look like one of the best teams in the NFL game. Unfortunately The Ram's still very, very injured. Their defense very injured. Not very good. Jordan Love should be better this week. Yeah. And I just, I don't know what the, the Rams just, yeah, they need, they need some guys Back. I think this some major guys back. It's a, it's a teacher pupil game, right? Yeah. And I feel like sometimes the pupil has to go out there and he's prepared for for a kitchen sink. He knows what's in McVay's sink. Yep. He's seen that sink. He's, he's reloaded it. He's cleaned that sink out.


His job working under McVeigh was probably do the dishes. Yeah. Like come on bitch. I like the package in this game too. Yeah. Rams. Yeah. Let me look up the Rams injury report. It's probably just still a mess. An absolute mess. 'cause Cooper Cup, although Cooper Cup, they said that he's getting closer maybe. I don't know. Yeah, they just keep losing guys. They have a couple guys who open up their 21 practice day window. By the way, I forgot to mention this at the beginning. Remember TJ Hawkinson? Yeah. Yeah. His practice window opened. Oh good. Yeah. Good. So the Vikings, so bikes are gonna be even Better. They're gonna get better. Yeah. The Packers do have an issue. They got a kicker problem Big time. They've got a kicker problem.


So around the league kickers have made a higher fuel goal. Percentage on kicks over 50 yards. That's 75%. It's a higher percentage than Braden Visen Braden Visen has made on all of his kicks. Okay. He's at 69.2. He hasn't tried one from beyond 50 yards. And he's the only kicker to miss a field goal from inside 40 yards of this season. Yeah. So they got a kicking issue in. They got a Kicking Issue. I don't think it's gonna matter this week, but they do have a kicking issue. Put a pin in that one. Put a big pin in it. Alright. Giants at Seahawks. I want to take the Giants so bad, but if Malik Nabors doesn't play, I don't know how they move the ball. What's the point of watching a Giants game if you're a Giants fan? If Malik Nabs isn't out there.


Zero is there zero point. I don't think that there's a point to it. Zero point. There is zero point. I don't, I the Seahawks like this is, this should be, they played a crazy Monday night game. Lot of snaps, all this shit. You should want to take the, the Giants. But if you, if you watch this game and, and Malik neighbors in on the field, what is, what are they gonna do? Yeah. And the, the Seahawks have been pretty good against everybody except for that game against Detroit. Yeah. They're, their defense is hurt. Yeah. Yeah. Daniel Jones fun stat for him on deep passes. I'm talking like 20 plus yards downfield. Okay. I like what you're talking about. He's thrown 13 passes this year.


How many of them do you think he's completed? 13 D passes over 20 yards. Ten two. Damn. He's completed two passes. So close over 20 yards. So close. And he's got one pick on those two. So 16.5 pass rating when he is going down field. Damn. I was right there. You were right there. Pretty Close was right there. I was only eight off. And the, when the total was 13. Dbol is looking good though. Again, every time I talk about the Giants, I have to mention how good Brian Dbol looks. He Looks Good. Real good. He's Getting too skinny. Alright, last game. Cowboys at Steelers. Great. Great color matchup Love. Love When these two teams just feels like football. Feel like we might get a double renegade on a Sunday night against the Cowboys.


Cowboys are hurt. Michael Parson's not gonna play right. I don't think he's gonna play DeMar Lawrence not gonna play right. I don't think he's gonna play. But again, we're taping this early Thursday. Yeah. So I'm not sure Now Big Cat, I have a question for you. Yeah. This is earlier Pose I think by Chris Canty. Do you think the Cowboys should start tanking? Mm. For what? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Do you know what, what the date is currently? Do you know how many games of football we've played? Do you know what the record is? I, yeah. It Feels like it might be early to start the tanking conversation. The Only team that I could say confidently that should tank as of right now is Miami Dolphins. Yeah.


I think that's the only team I would say you should tank. 'cause you're gonna need a sit. You're going to, like, if you get the first pick and you have your roster, like oh you put in endorse Sanders or Carson or someone who you wanna draft. Because Tua, you can't, you can't say that he's gonna go through a whole season. So that'd be the only team. Maybe the Panthers, maybe after this week we add some more Panthers, but Panthers, Andy Dalton's like trying It's, but the perfect thing for the Panthers is losing games where you score like 30 points. Yeah. Alright, so Panthers and dolphins. And then, we'll we should update the tank list as we go along because like if the Jaguars lose again, they should start tanking. Yeah. Here's why I don't want the Cowboys to tank, because if they start tanking, that means that the Cowboys won't make the playoffs and lose in the first round again.


Right. We need to see that like Chris Canty, what are you putting out there into the universe? If, if anything we should hope that the Cowboys all their momentum changes entirely. Yeah. I wanna see them get their hopes up a little bit. You see Jerry landing the helicopter at practice. So funny. That was awesome. So funny. Jerry, Jerry Jones flew into Cowboys practice on the helicopter and landed it right next to the door to go inside the office. Like he had the helicopter fly to the corner real close to the building when it landed, just so that Jerry could get out and walk right into the facility. Yeah. That's a fucking awesome move. Did you all see Michael Parson's quote where it's basically, is it star NFL player getting injured for the first time or like 27 year olds getting their first violent hangover?


He said he was humbled by his ankle injury. I figured myself invincible for a while. Yeah, that's, Hey, we know man. I'm human just like you. Everyone's been there. Literally everyone's been there. Yeah. He he hadn't missed a game of football in his entire career. Right? Yeah. That's kind of crazy. It is crazy. So yeah, he, he probably won't play and I think Trayvon digs in as Zeke were limited in practice and I think DeMarcus Lawrence won't play either. So I, I like the Steelers. I think they're run the Ball. They're, they've got a couple guys missing on defense though. Yeah, But I just think they got humbled a little bit by the Cols. Everyone's throwing accolades at their defense and now they're gonna get a Mike Tomlin double renegades Sunday night.


Terrible towels. Justin Fields narrative goes. I like it. Yeah. Justin Fields, I, I actually do think that he might be the starter. I think that Tomlin's, you know, he is talking about all the words that he's had with his players behind the scenes that he won't share. Yeah. I think one of those things in the hotdog is he's told Justin Fields, he's the Starter. Well it's also the, I think Russ's agent is just part of his contract was that Adam Shefter has to tweet every single week an update about Russell Wilson to make his So What's like, everyone talk, what's the Update on it? It was that he's, he's, what was it? Let find it because it, it's essentially the same tweet every single week. That makes me think someone's making him do that. Because we don't need updates on Russell will like, I promise you Not even from the Ultimate Insider.


We don't care about Russell Wilson updates. Justin Fields is better than Russell Wilson. We don't, we don't need it. Steelers are prepar. This is from October 1st. Soon as we're preparing for Justin Fields' start verse of cowboys as Russell will Wilson ups his activity. Don't care Dude. He's getting more active. We knew, we knew Justin Fields was playing in this game. I wanna see Russell on the sideline though, thinking he might play. Yeah, so DeMarcus Lawrence was on, is on the injured reserve. So he's definitely out four weeks. But yeah, I don't know why they keep telling us like it's gonna be week 16. The Steelers are gonna have, they're, they're going to be an 11 win team and Adam Scheffer's gonna tweet update on Russell Wilson. He feels like he's almost ready to come back.


But Justin Fields will start again. Justin Fields right now has momentum with the offense. So they're waiting for Russell to be 110% on His return. I think he better not come back and take this Job. I think Tomlin has made Justin Fields the secret starting quarterback. I agree With you Of the Pittsburgh Steelers. I agree with you. Okay, let's do, before we do fantasy lab boys, 'cause we got a A game in England. Let's do some picks.


DraftKings, everyone has a shot score big with DraftKings. Touchdown Parlay Profit Boost This week all customers can get up to a hundred percent profit boost on any NFL touchdown Parlay. The more touchdown bets you add to your bet slip, the bigger the boost and the bigger you are winning. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One boost per day when offered NFL touchdown parlays only maximum 100% boost minimum three legs required. Other wagering restrictions apply. Max bet varies for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/ft ball. I hit mine last week. Did anyone else on our touchdown parlay? I was not in it. You three again? I did not. Us three again. Max, did you not hit one last week? No, I stink. I've yet to hit one. Okay, so you three. So, so Hank, PFT and myself. Reminder, you can bet it on DraftKings we'll have our parlay, our touchdown parlay if we hit it once. Did we hit it the first week? I don't think we did. I think we three And. we gotta hit one three. We gotta hit one boys. The odds are nice and juicy though, so if you hit one Yeah, that's, that's gonna hit what happen. Hit one. Okay. You know what, I'll start us off with a winner. Derrick Henry. I know it's minus one 70 but that's the foundation we build off of. Let's get a win. Let's get one win C one go through. I'm going to go with James Connor. James Connor against the Niners. You don't like that Hank? No, I thought you were gonna take my pick. Oh, Hank a different James Hank. We're gonna win this week. Guess based off of that base. James wins Cook. Correct. James Cook. Okay. Like that. That war oh five. He's playing the Texans. James Connor, James Cook, Derrick Henry. We're keeping it on the ground this week. Running backs are back owed to the running backs. That's gonna be plus five 20. Let's win this one. Yep. Should we, should we change one out so that we can get those odds up? I do have an idea. Get one through the hoop. Get one through hoop. I have an idea. I got an idea. Get one through the hoop. What are the odds on dk? No, no, no. Get one through hoop, get one to hoop DK ISS gonna score, get one through the hoop. How upset would you be if you changed it and Yes, yes, yes. But now that he sent dk I'm gonna be upset. DK scores and then James Connor doesn't because No, it would be Derrick Henry that we take out. Let's see what DK is real quick. It would be Derrick Henry that we'd take out to to, to bump it up. Fuck no we can't. We gotta get one through the hoop. If we hit this we're plus. Wait, would you trade it out with James Connor? I think I, we could do that. I think I would because that way, that way we have one in the late games. I mean DK is only plus one 20. And what's Connor? He's a plus 100 so probably wouldn't change. But if you wanna do it PFT just say it. It's, it's, no, let's stick with running backs. Stay on the ground. It would be your, if you wanna do it ground boys, it would be, yeah, ground And. it would change. Ground and pound. Ground and pound. Ground and pound. Let's play some fucking man football. Alright, let's do our picks What is the updated records? Memes, and who's going first? Double question. PFT Form Four. Big. Cat. Four and four. Hank three and five. Ugh. Me. Three and five. Max two. Five and One. Nice. I was, Hank Leads us off. I was hoping that you were starting with PF, T and I. Four and four. Like the middle. No, where the leaders Listen. Four and four is good. It's just Two picks. We're the leaders. Hank's up first. Henry, I am going to pick. Ooh. It has changed in the, in the 20 minutes since we looked. Fuck. Come on. Hank Bears minus four. Love it. It was, it was minus three and a half. Yeah, it went up 30 minutes Ago. I love that too. Love It. Love it. I'll go Packers minus three. Okay. Maxie. I will Go. Jags minus two and a half. Fuck. Ooh, That Was gonna be mine. Maxie Max. Max. Max. Cowboy Steelers over 44. Cowboy Steelers over 44. Okay, I'm gonna go with the Packers. Rams over 48 and a half. Ah, fuck. Sorry. Oh, and I have another one. Ooh, it's a tough week boys. It's a really tough week's. A really tough week. I'll actually take that one off. Max. You want it? I'll take the Ravens Bengals over 49 and I'll take the Ravens minus two and a half. I'll double up on the game. I'm gonna double up on the game. Throw you nuts on the table. Double up on the game. I don't have anything that I love. It's a tough week. Nothing that I love is here. It's A tough week of football. Okay. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna get a little weird with it. Yeah. Get weird with it. I like this number. It's a good number to bet on. Yes. Plus seven and a half is a solid number. Right? Love that. Yeah, because then you're like, a touchdown is, if you lose In, that's a fucking win. You're, if they come out and score a quick touchdown, you're still good. We're Down by 14 points in the fourth quarter. Guess what? Just get downfield. Score a touchdown. We could win Cardinals plus seven and a half at the 49 ERs. I like that. I'm gonna take the, the Rams Packers over 48 and half. Okay. Sunday night football under 44. What was your Over Under? It was the Ravens Bengals game. I doubled up. Alright, I'm gonna go just for a personal, fun viewing experience on Sunday. Bills Texans over 47 and a half. That's A one. I love that. Good one to root for points in. Can buy it. You can, you can bet all these bets on DraftKings. Thank you to DraftKings are wonderful presenting sponsor sports book.


Okay. Should we do some Fantasy Lab boys for our first game in London? Oh yeah.


Fantasy Lab Boys. Brought to you by Body Armor. This segment is brought to you by Body Armor, sports Water, the alkaline water that provides real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody's always drinking around the office sports, drink the zero sugar, and even the flash iv. After a long weekend, we can't get enough body armor to sport water. In my opinion, it's the best water on the market. Head on over to your local seven 11 and get your body armor sport water today.


En ray. Hey, en ray. Oi, oi, oi oi. RI wanna stand with you. You on a mountain. I want behave with you in the sea. I want live like this forever until the size falls down on me. Oy. Be your my Name's chap Mick Springle berry chap Springle berry Must start on this week is killer whales. What's off out about them? Killer whales. They're Not bad at all. They must start 'em. What are they doing? Jalen Brown says the Celtics study killer whales in their hunting habits.


And that's their offensive identity. Or that's, That's fucking aura. Yeah. Wow. They're gonna offensive idea, identity like orca. That's, that's ok. What if the basketball gets stuck in the blow hole, Then they'll fucking kill the, kill the the weak teammate and, and keep the ball moving. No, They'd fucking die. You idiot. It. It would iit. iit. It is free will, isn't it? Iit? Oh, my sit on this week is all titans. All Titans. They're fucking useless. This is the Fantasy Lad Boys. And there's been no good toy ends this year. It's a fucking struggle to get any points from the, to you Say Titans or Titans. Toss. Titans. Bullocks. Bullocks. You hear the one about P Diddy?


What's that? He went into jail as a tight end. Came out a wide receiver. That's very funny. And. it is amusing indeed. And my sleeper this week is Arsenal. They lost a PSG again. Their fucking, their seasons of sleep. They suck. Rubbish. Oh, the gunners. Arsenal's. Rubbish. Ortega out. Ortega out. Sucker. We've got soccer. Ba No, it's Oh, money. Money. No, we've got, it was Jimmy. Sala. Sala. We got Ani.


You are my, The other one was, ah, fuck was it? It was you. You'll never Suarez. Oh yeah. That's good. You know, he scores a guy that makes a copco wild. I just can't get enough. I just can't get enough. Oh, oh. He bites a guy and then everyone calls him cannibal. I just can't get enough chump. Chump. I just can't get enough. Ow. He scores a goals and the crowd and I just can't get enough of swallow.


Why Don't Americans sing it all when they watch their football on tv? I fucking love it. A nice point with the boys and sing some tunes. Get the chance going. And it real Guys. Being dudes. Credit to the University of Michigan. They sing. Mr. Brightside. I believe they invented that Mr. That Song. Yeah, they did. They did. That's that song. They Did. Oy. Oy. I'm Prince Harry. Prince Harry Prince. Former Prince Harry. Prince Harry. Former communicated Prince Harry. My starter this week is Harry Kain. Harry Kain On account of There will be a game played in Hot Spur Stadium this weekend. Bri Hall struggles to score from one yard out. Yeah. Harry would never have that problem. Tap Merchant. That's Harry's specialty. Harry, I'm sitting, my brother Andrew Dalton looks exactly like me.


Prince Harry. Prince Harry. Don't call him the red rifle. I Will call him Prince Andrew. Prince Andrew. Don't call him Prince Andrew. That's a good name for Hey. Why? He's about to get exposed this weekend in a very unflattering fashion. Indeed. Against the bears. He Doesn't He doesn't sweat. He doesn't sweat. He doesn't sweat. He doesn't, he couldn't have been him in that picture. He doesn't sweat. Just like Prince Andrew. I think Andy Dalton will have a very hard time scoring above 18 this weekend. Yes. About that. Against the bears. Lindsay's in a box. Was that one? Liz? Liz's. In a box. In a box. That's my mom. In a box. That's my mom. Liz's in. Wait, now P Now Harry. Prince Harry. Liz is in a box. In a box. Prince is in a box. Andy Andy. Dalton can't sweat, but he's gonna have sweat all over him on Sunday.


Why's that? Montez. Oh, Montes. That's very good. That's Chip. Chip. That's very entertained. Cheer my sleeper. Bigfoot. Bigfoot. Absolute unit. You see he's back. He's back. There was a video of Bigfoot this week from Oklahoma. Oh, Oklahoma. Just chilling up against a tree. Laying about snippet and daisies. Daisies, And. it looks very real. Oh, I believe Bigfoot might be. Actually he looks kinda like me. Pops. Actually. He looks a little bit like Prince Charles. Yeah. Just covered in here. Might be alive. Might not be alive. Yeah. Bigfoot's back. It's real. Yeah. Bigfoot is Real. We found him. He's Ginger, just like me. Prince Harry. Prince Harry. My storm is Aaron Rogers.


Oh, hello guys. My name is Henry Onry. Hey Andy. Henry Ony. My star En Ii Henry ii. My song is Aaron Rogers. He's gonna go out there and show everyone who's the real king of England. On Sunday is a game on Sunday. The Game's on Sunday, New game's on Sunday's, on Sunday. It's gonna be a great game. But Aaron Rogers, he's gonna go out there and he is gonna show everyone that his knee's fine. And the cadence isn't an Issue. Hey, it's gonna be just fine. No, no rain in England. Yeah. Scheduled for this weekend. First time in in 400 years. My, my sit is Tim Waltz. That guy's fucking weird. When they asked him if he went to China, he couldn't answer.


He Takes a lot of notes in't it. What the fuck was that? You've been to China. I've never been to China. I think that, ask me if I've been to China. Have You been to China? No. I ery the ery. Have You been to China? No comment. Were you? Oh shit. Were you at the M square? I dug a Deep hole once. Were you at the Tiananmen Square massacre? No comment. Okay. It's A bit early to start for tanking conversation. Yeah. We just stopped on talking. Come on now. Henry. Henry Onri. And my sleeper is Jimmy Carter. He's sleeping, sleeping. He's always sleeping. He's guy. That one will fucking wake up. He's having a, a good dream. He's Having a nice fucking dream out there. Just dreaming about God knows what.


Hammers and nails, peanuts and hammers and nails, hills. That was great. Yeah. I, I had a lot of fun doing That. That was the best one. I had a lot of fun doing that. Good. I had a fucking lot of fun doing that. The amount of times that me and me were laughing in the back. We're just gonna cut the music every time that you guys sing your own song. Yeah, do it. Yeah. And then it goes back. Because you would always go, oh, and then it goes back to the music. At, at one point I was, I was doing such a heavy British accent. I think I just spat all over myself and all over the mic. That was a lot of fun. Gave It that hawk to a Memes is on fire. Memes is on fire. Your defense is terrified. Seriously, what Would it take to get some some good song Chance going in American football?


We Just can't do it. We can't do it. I think we're all too drunk. Which is kinda like up Yours. We're drunker than them. We're drunker than them. No chance. You're Not allowed to drink in the stands at at EPL Games. But they get fucking, they the, a lot of the chanting happens on the way to the game when they're just hammered. Yeah. We do some songs Like what? Renegade Renegade Renegade Fly Eagle. Eagles Fly. Oh, the The Bengals. Oh Yeah. The Bengals do a song too. They have a song. It's kind of like their version of Renegade. I think they do Wayward Sun in between the third and fourth Floor. Oh, that rocks Hail to the Commander. Do they do that? Our words Hail Victor. Yeah. We score touchdown. Yeah. What? See, we, yeah, We do songs. They just don't, they're they're just not as, but the Cub goes Best Song ever.


Yeah, I know. But like, it's more like the made up songs that you like put your best player in. Those are the songs. Go Cubs, go to The Rock. I guess we do that for boomers. Yeah, we do. But I just We don't know. I just, we you're, we need more songs. Alright, let's kick it to an elite quarterback. Our good friend Joe Flacco.


Before we get to Joe Flacco, he's brought to you by our great friends over at Coors Light. There's no sports experience, quite like the rivalries between college football teams. And now on Saturdays you can get even closer to the action. With Coors Light and with DraftKings Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for the free to play college football pick pools where you pick winners for a chance to win big. But when the rivalries heat up, you can choose chill. Then reach for an ice cold Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill, there's only one beer to choose. That's Coors. Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you. When things heat up, it's a good time to choose Chill. Then crack open a Coors Light. I love Coors Light the best way, in my opinion to enjoy football season, especially college football outdoors. Drinking beer outdoors while you're watching the game. You don't have to be at the game. But something about a nice patio, nice rooftop, ice cold, Coors Light in October, the weather hits about exactly 61 degrees and you're drinking beer outdoors. It's sunny. You're watching college football that is as close as you get to heaven on earth. Saturdays got hotter, but you can choose. Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered. Dra straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 and over eligibility restrictions. Apply void. Wear prohibited sea terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors Light. Pick em. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Joe Flack was also brought to you by our great friends over at Uber Eats. I actually just got a deal sent to me on Uber Eats. I was on Uber the other day and said, Hey, do you wanna save 40% using Uber Eats on your meal? I said, yes, I do. I clicked right on that. Smashed that. You can get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats if you're ordering wings for the game. If you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, all season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply C app for details.


And now here he is, Joe Elite Flacco. Okay, we now welcome on our good friend, current guest. It is Colt's Quarterback Joe Flacco Elite. We're getting this. So this is a carpool interview. That's right. You're Waiting, you're waiting to pick up your kids. Picking up the sixth grader from middle school And you're doing an interview. I think it's our first carpool interview. It Might be the first time we had you on. What were you, I think you might've been in like your brother's living room or something. Yeah. You were in the office, I forget. Yeah, Yeah, probably. Yeah. I I, I was probably, I was probably at home or, yeah, somewhere. Yeah. Not too formal, but So, so off a big win against the Steelers.


I got a couple questions about that game and then a few other ones. But the first one is, you get Anthony Richon goes down, you, you get in the game. Was there a part of you like, oh, this, the Steelers. Like, I know what I'm doing these, I could beat these guys. Like this is just, this is old school. Joe. Flacco. Oh man. I think you try to talk yourself into that, but there's always that piece of you when you have to get in as a backup that's, you know, a little bit more nervous than you normally are to have to go out there and do it. You know, when you go out there in a normal game, you go out there and you either receive the kickoff or you know, you're getting it in a couple minutes. You go out there, you get your first play over with. But this is a little bit different. It definitely took me a little bit of time to settle in.


Yeah. Did You have to get warmed up? Like how long does that take your body to get warmed up? Yeah, because for me, when I wake up in the morning, it's like two hours. I think the shot of adrenaline that you get is kind of unexplainable. Yeah. I was on the sideline. I didn't throw any, I didn't do any warmup throw. I just went out there. And your body, your body gets put into that mode pretty quickly when, when you get hit with that little jolt of energy. Yeah. Yeah. And, and like Big Cat said, going up against the Steelers, you've done that before. Was, was Big Ben in the building? Was he there? Big Ben? Big Ben was in the, the building. You know, I was, I was at my locker. And Sam, our other quarterback, te you know, mentioned that he saw Big Ben in, in Pat's box.


I'm getting poured on right now. I don't know if you guys can hear that, but No, we're good. All right. Good. He, he mentioned that Big Ben was in his box. So we come out of the tunnel right where his box was, and I look over and I see him over there. So I actually went up and said, and said, what's up? Now? I don't know Ben that well, but I think when you have, when you've played against somebody that much, you just have like a little bit of a natural connection. So it was really cool to see him. I, I think it, it, it, it probably did bring me back to 10 years ago. Yeah. When we were playing those guys. It made it a little bit more familiar, I think, for whatever reason. Yeah. And you also, a cool part of your win on Sunday is you got a hundred thousand dollars. So in your contract, it's, if you play 50% snaps or more in a win.


There you go. Yeah. So was there, there you go. You know what, my wife actually just asked me about that with a smile on her face. Did you happen to hit any incentives? And I'm like, listen, I have no idea. Yeah. I I don't have a, I don't have a copy of it and I can't remember what, what we actually agreed to. So there you go. I appreciate you telling me. Yeah. So, so I guess that answers my question that you weren't, 'cause I mean, a hundred thousand dollars is not chump change. If you're sitting there on the sideline, it's the end of the game. You're like, all right, we gotta win this game. Yeah. Because I'm done with snaps. Get me that a hundred thousand. That's right, man. Hey, listen, a hundred thousand dollars is a hundred thousand dollars. Yeah. I mean, geez, like growing up, go make a hundred thousand dollars. That's a big deal. So anytime you get something like that, you can't take that for granted.


Is that weird that, that we know more about how much you get paid than, you know. No, I, for, I don't think so. I think that's kind of just the nature of the beast. When you get to like professional sports, it, it's, it's a focus for the athlete. Like while you're doing it and while you're doing that negotiation, but it's really never about that. You're just trying to make sure that you get the most that you can while you can, because you understand that you kind of have to do that. Yeah. But then once you, like, we're, we're really all doing this because it's the best job in the world, And, we love to do it. I think there's, like I said, during negotiations and a couple other times, there's probably times where that comes into play. But once it's done, it's kind of like outta sight outta mind and you just go play.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was, it was very, very cool to watch you out there. I know you're too nice of a guy. You won't say it. So we'll sit Big Cat. The Browns are morons. Yeah. The Browns are morons. I didn't know this till what it was it yesterday or something. Yeah. That, so the Browns didn't even offer you a contract in the off season. You keep Flaco in the building. Well, listen guys, it's a business, you know, you never know what to expect, you know? And listen, it, I, I said it last year when I was playing, I mean, I was in a really good head space and just was able to be super grateful for that experience. Cleveland gave me so much. The fact that they were the team that was willing to bring me in last year, you know, I don't have any, ill, ill, ill feelings towards them.


I mean, I, I'll, I'll forever be grateful to be honest with you, because I I, without them signing me, I mean, I'm not, you know, I'm not here this year. Right. I, you can go back to New York in the same way. Like, I would not say I had a very enjoyable experience while I was in New York, but they were willing to sign me after I got surgery that fused my neck and they kept signing me. I was there for three years without them. I mean, you have to look at it this way if you're me, without them giving me those opportunities, even if they didn't amount to anything, they amounted to me ultimately being in the league that much longer and ended up getting a chance like I did last year and now I'm here this year because of that same thing.


So listen, I think there's probably a time where you wanna let those negative thoughts creep into your head and get mad at everybody in the world. But I think I've been through that. I think when I was younger I probably had a little bit of that, a little bit more of that in me. But I've, I've tried to let those things go. Listen, Cleveland was unbelievable. The people there, everything about it was unbelievable. Yeah. I mean, you're be, you're a really nice guy. I would say. You don't know what to expect. I would expect the team that I took to the playoffs to wanna resign me. So we'll say that part for you. We got you, we got your back. So we got your back. So this off season, I don't know how it worked for you. I assume that you talked to a couple different teams, not just the Colts. Would that be fair?


You know what, my agent thought that there'd be a couple different teams interested Cleveland being one of 'em. But the, the nature of it was that when it came down to it, there really wasn't. And to be honest with you, I kind of had the same mindset as I did last year. If I didn't have an opportunity that I felt really good about, I, I was at the point where I was willing to st sit at home and do the same thing I did last year. But you never know if that's gonna happen. If it wasn't for the Colts being that one team, I don't know, you know, maybe a couple other teams I would've said yes to as well. But just the getting, being able to get back into an offensive room with Shane Steichen, just the little bit of time that I was with him in Philly, I just felt like he was really good at what he was doing, at what he did.


And he was gonna put the quarterback and the offense and the team in a good situation. So I felt like this was one of those teams that I didn't have to wait around and sign with that I felt comfortable going to. And if I did on the off chance, have to go in there and play, it'd be a good situation for me. So, Yeah. Cool. So have you thought about how long you can play for? Because I want you to play for, I want you to be like 45. I want you, we need Joe Flacco in the league. We can't lose you. I don't care if it's backup on every team, but having you in the league makes the league more fun. Yeah. I don't, I don't know why that is, but I appreciate it. Well, something about your spiral. Yeah, it's a nice, it's a really nice spiral.


You almost hit the roof last week. It was awesome. I'm having a lot of fun. My family's having a lot of fun with it. Listen, I, I wanna play as long as I possibly can at some point. My kids are like, I don't, I don't care about missing a few things here or there right now with my kids. And to be honest with you, there's no real, there's no real better schedule than being in a professional football player. I mean, you're, you're with your kids way more than anybody that works. A normal job gets to be with them. But there's gonna be a co there's gonna be, there's gonna come a point, if I'm fortunate enough to still be playing when they, when they get ready to play some high school football, I'm probably gonna wanna be around to see them play some high school football.


So, I mean, at 45 they'd be in high school. I, I'd love to say I'd still be playing at that point. But, you know, the situation might have to be exactly right. You never know. Yeah. I Wanted to keep happening though. I want, I want Big Ben to be like, you know, getting wheeled in on a, a rascal scooter. I dude watching you bend him, Ben. Yeah, Ben, Ben was thinking I was a little crazy when I went up and said hi to him. You could see it in his eyes. Like, what are you still doing? You know? And I, I was, I was, I was talking to Pat yesterday and I said, listen, I think that he was, initially, that was his initial thought. But when I got in there and all of a sudden I started to play, it had to bring back a few memories. And I Oh, for sure. I'd be willing to bet that he had a few feelings inside. Like, okay, let me, let me throw some pads on and get out there.


You know? Yes. Yeah. I would not be shocked if Ben just showed up to the sealers facility on Monday morning. He was like, I'm ready. I'm ready to give another shot. Key card still works. Yeah, let's go. That's right. Wait, so that's, you mentioned age. You had a great line after the game that you're eight days older than Anthony Richardson's mom. What? So when did you find that out? Did he bring that up first? Because that is kind of like crazy to be in a locker room with a guy that could be your son. Yeah. It's, it's, it's pretty crazy. That's the point I'm at. Well, we probably talked about it at some point, and then we were both at our lockers, which are right next to each other one day. And he asked me, Hey, when's your birthday? I said, I didn't know where, I didn't know what he was getting at. I said, January. And he said, January what? I said 16th.


He said, and then that's when he told me, my mom's January 8th. And he was like, 1985. Right? And I'm like, yeah, that's it. And, and man, like I I, I think that's just incredible. So ob obviously, I go around and I tell everybody I possibly can Wait, I Didn't realize you were Yeah, He, he's almost birthday Week. Your birthday. Yeah. Your birthday month we're January 85 as well. We could be in the NFL still. There you go. Shit. My son could be Anthony Richardson. Yeah. Why do we hang up our cleats There? There You go. We, I still feel good. Yeah. I could get out there. This shoulder's got a few, right? Wait, you Re it. Are you gonna do what we're doing? Because our big four oh's coming up, are you gonna get in the best shape of your life? That's what our plan is.


You guys sound like guys that haven't been like, you're gonna be signing up for a triathlon all of a sudden because you haven't had competition in the, the last 20 years. Yeah. So you gotta do all, you gotta do all this crazy shit that nobody ever actually wants to do. Yeah. No, I hope I'm, I hope I'm never at that point. Okay. That is not me. I'm cool with just going and working out with my trainer and, you know, feeling like I'm doing a good job and staying in shape. I gotta, dude, if you don't, if you don't keep up with it, like by the time you hit 40, it, it's hard to get outta that, that that little rut that you're in. So I listen. Good, good luck. I don't, I think you're gonna have to, in my experience, I think you're gonna have to stick with it for like a good solid month and then you'll feel really good about yourself. And. It'll be easy from that point on.


I like how you're like, Hey, yeah, you guys gotta stick with it. You're in the NFL. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're right. Think so. We appreciate it. My mindset is though, like whatever shape you're in, when you turn 40, that's the shape that you're in for the rest of your life. Yeah. That's probably not, you know, if you've made it to 40 and you're in pretty decent shape, you know, you look around, I mean, a lot of your friends that are in, like when you hit 30 years old, you know, it's, it's just gone to hell. You know? So if you've made it to 40, then I would say that you have pretty good discipline and you've probably, you're probably gonna do a pretty good job. I hope so. I hope you're right. So Joe, I'm not sure if you're aware of this, but there are a lot of Colts fans with Joe Flacco jerseys. They went out there and bought 'em right? When you signed with the team. We did a giveaway. 'cause we're season ticket holders. And, we gave away two tickets to, to fans that had flat coat jerseys, And.


we got like six or seven submissions, which is, that's kind of crazy. They must have just gone out and bought that like right when you signed. Yeah. Listen, that's cool. I mean, I, I don't think those things are just readily available, so you have to kind of special order 'em. I'm sure. Listen, my son's one of them, at least one of my kids or one of those purchases, you know, every, every fricking place I go to, it's like, I, I I get off the phone and one minute later we have to have like all of the gear in the world from that team. So I, I'd like to think that there's more than just family members that bought some. Yeah. But it might just be all family members. Yeah. So how, how do you like playing with the Colts? Are you familiar with any of the, any of the historical things or fascinating things, unique things about that franchise or the fan base?


Well, Listen, I may be, I mean, look, I came from Baltimore. I mean the, it, the Colts started in Baltimore. So when you play with the Ravens, I mean, they do do a good job of honoring the Baltimore cults legends. And there are a lot of those guys that were still around the building. I mean, Lenny Moore was in the building every week, you know. So I think just naturally from being there, it's kind of a unique situation. You do get a little bit of that history And it, it's kind of weird that I've kind of come full circle with this thing. I, I've said it to somebody before, but I've, I've played in Baltimore who came from Cleveland, just played in Cleveland, and now I'm playing in Indie who came from Baltimore. So it's kind of like that little, I I've, I've completed the little triangle there of all the Baltimore of, of all those little teams.


Yeah. Joe Flacco Triangle. That is fascinating. But I was speaking more specifically about the, this is our Colts theme song that gets put out every week. Have you had a chance to listen To that? No. You gotta, that'll Pump you the fuck up, Joe. Here. I'll, I'll find it. I'll find It. Yeah. Track that down. I'll it. And then you also have to learn about, you might have a word of Mr. ERs say about this, because every week he decides whether or not the roof is gonna be open or closed. Yeah. You were drafted in that division at the beginning because you had the arm that could play outdoors. Tell Jim, Hey man, leave the roof open this arm's got a few reps in it. Yeah. You're still pretty much indoors. We can open up the roof and still feel pretty good about where we're at. Alright. I'm gonna find this for you because this guy, Seth, he does a great job. Oh gosh. He'll be pumped.


He'll be pumped that you listen to it. All right. Here it is. This was the, this was the theme song for the Steelers game. This is our, this is our team weekly blue. This is our, whether or we love, let's steal another victory. This is our team Go cold. And then he nays at the end. Pretty awesome, right? Seth's got some good flow. I love it. He makes a new one every week, huh?


Yeah, Every single Week. It's game specific. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. Are are we gonna get more Flaco this week? Oh, He might have to work flacco in It. I, I, I don't know. We're gonna have to wait and see. Okay. That's a good answer. That was a smart, smart way to answer that. You don't know, we're gonna, we're gonna go to the training staff. We're gonna figure this out. You know, all those, can you throw it farther than Anthony Richardson? I don't think so, shit. But We were saying like, it's the perfect, like you, like you, when Anthony Richardson gets hurt, which we don't want him to get hurt, but you come in, it's not like, oh, now we can't take deep shots. We got Flaco. Yeah. We wanna take those shots down the field. We have to. I think we got the guys to do it too, man. We got some guys that can run. So, yeah. Yeah. When you went into the game and then came back outta the game, did you think, okay, I'm done for the day?


Like nice day at work, clocked in, clocked out? At that point I was probably on a little bit more high alert because you're not really quite sure how he's feeling. Obviously I saw him run off the field And, it seemed like he was doing pretty well. But you never know when something like that happens. Yeah. To be honest with you, from, from the very beginning, you're on high alert as a backup because it's, it's a little bit of a different situation. So, yeah. No, I I I was still kind of, I think I might, I, I don't know if I unbuckled my chinstrap, I don't remember really. But yeah, I, I, I'd be willing to bet that I didn't even do that. So, So you're a perfect person to ask this. We were, we were thinking about this on Sunday night when we're watching the Ravens versus the Bills, the Ravens, when they go all black uniforms on Sunday night or Monday night, if you were a video game, we said it would be like plus five in strength.


Did you feel that for the team, that like, like all the hits were just a little bit harder when you were in the All Blacks at night? Yeah, for sure. There was something about it, man, when you showed up, when you had the black jersey in your locker And, it was a big game. You're like, it gave you that little extra like, nudge of con like that little bit extra confidence. Like, oh yeah, like, we're supposed to win this one. We're, we're definitely winning. Like, everything's on our side. So there's something about it, man. But that, that, that place just in general, like Baltimore during a night game, I mean, they do an unbelievable job of, you know, really bringing some energy in that stadium. I don't know if you guys have ever been to a game there, but it's, it's gotta be one of the best places to play in the league.


Yeah. I do like it when it's night. You're wearing the All Blacks, you got all the fans wearing the Baltimore Ravens camo cargo shorts, like leading the team on the Field. That's right. That's right. I forget where I was this year. And I saw, I actually saw some of those camo pants and I, I don't know why, but, oh man, that brings back some stuff right there. Yeah. They're the, they're the best pants in sports. I'll go and say it. Yeah. They're the best pants in football. Yes, Absolutely.


Alright, Joe, I had one last question for you. This has been awesome. We love having you on rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, rollback.com, promo code take.


So we saw you out in Tahoe. I want to ask about your golf game also. Your hands are massive. I don't know if you knew that, but when I shook your hand I was like, what the fuck? I just didn't have a hand. It, it's so funny. People would just assume. I think I have, I I don't, I, there's no good, I'm not gonna explain my hands. I I was about to. I'm like, I don't, I dunno how That's gonna come out. They're just massive. Yeah, just hold them up. I, yeah. Hold it up to the camera. My hands. See that hand? That's, that's a nice hand. Yeah. I actually didn't measure, like with, in, at the combine, I don't think I measured like off the charts in hand.


I think I had an average size hand, but, but yeah. My golf game, that's not good. I don't play enough. I I, I don't play enough. I played terribly out there, but it was a lot of fun. It was a cool experience for sure. Yeah. It's actually good. I think we shook your hand before we shook Albert OL's hand out there. And that's good for you because Albert OLS has the biggest, strongest hands and the crazy. Yeah. I thought it Was gonna Break my hand. Yeah. Baseball players in general, I mean, they're up there. They're, they're swinging a bat for every, almost like, who knows how many days a year, but like obviously they play a million games, their forearm and like wrist and Handr is probably insane. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Rice bucket. But I just was like, oh my God.


Like you almost broke my hand and you were, I mean, you weren't doing anything like abnormal, just got massive hands. Just being flaco. Yeah. Just being flaco. Alright, well Joe, thank you. Play forever. Please. Yeah, please. We just want to, we want to Sounds good. As long as you play. 'cause you're, you're like two weeks older than us. There You go. You can keep the dream alive. Yeah. We can keep being like, you know what, like, we're still out there. Representation matters. 85 January birthdays. That's, that's important. Here we go. All right man. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. Thank you Joe. Yeah. I appreciate you guys having me on. Have a good one.


Joe Flacker was brought to you by Paramount Plus listen up, up. AWS football season is officially back. Paramount Plus is once again your home to stream the NFL and CBS all season long. That's right. You can stream your live local CBS game on Paramount. Plus every week all the way through the A FC championship, your Paramount Plus subscription also unlocks an all access pass to 24 7 NFL content all week long. Get up to the minute news and updates on CBS Sports HQ can make sure your fantasy team that no one else cares about is ready for victory with fantasy football today and so much more. I like cruising over to CBS Sports hq, smashing that, that app. And then I open it up, boom. There's Pete Prisco yelling at me about watching the film. It's great. Real football guys and gals know that you only have a certain amount of football games left in your life. You don't want to miss any of the action. So sign up, sign in into Paramount Plus today stream the NFL and CBS all season long at home are on the go Paramount plus plans started just two 50 a month for 12 months. Terms and conditions apply.


Okay, let's wrap up. We've got Fire Fest of the week. Henry, my guy. What's up? Oh's up. Hank, what's up? Yes. Something popped in my head the other day. What's up? We were talking a lot about Dunking. Yep. And your plan and everything. And it. It just hit me and I was like, oh man, we've been talking so much about Dunking. We haven't said the two most famous words in this show's history in a while. Cat bet. No. Let's go Mar's, man. No, Let's rip Vanny Woodhead. Oh yeah. How's that going? It's going.


What do you mean going? It's, it's definitely not going. Conversations are being had. No, it's not, it's not currently going but there's, you know, things are in the works. I Got a good mechanic if you wanna talk to 'em. Yeah. Do you? I don't Know. Vanny Woodhead. What, what Was the last conversations that were had to use your own phrase? I talked internally with our salespeople about how we can package it to make money so that we can get it fixed. Ah, Okay. So it sounds like a lot of progress. Just waiting For some loop backs. Loop Backs. We gotta get some loop backs going on per my last email. Yeah. Parking lot. Vanny, woodhead. We should, we should up the ante on Vanny and like see if Vanny is actually worth getting back on the road.


And the only way we can do it is we find a mechanic and the And we have to bring Vanny to the mechanic by towing it with the El Camino. That's challenge level. Impossible. Double whammy. Probably not gonna happen. But Vanny, I feel like that's a no-brainer. Right. We'll be able to do interviews in Vanny. Just assume the money's already there. Yeah. Yeah. I'm down for that. I just, that's not really how it works, but Okay. If you, Well explain to us how it works. Business guy. Well, Like Max is just tickled pink back there. It's gonna cost a lot of money to fix. So if we spend that money and then don't make it back. Have you reached out to exhibit yet? It takes money to make money. Correct. Try Try hitting up exhibit.


Do a pimp My ride. Run it back. Yeah. Probably could. I'm, I can't imagine he's that expensive. Yeah. Yeah. We should, you know what? We should guilt one of our friends that along the way that we've said that owes us for their contract. Like Jared, Jared, golf, Josh, Josh Allen. I idea like we have Blake Griffin, maybe we've Been working with some weed companies. I was like, what if we just turn into a dope den? Oh. Oh, okay. I like That. A dope den. Okay. Build a bing outta the tailpipe. Yeah. But then Fill it with water. Make it a gravity bong. A huge gravity bonging. Okay. So you've really, it sounds like there's progress. Yeah. Yeah. How much progress? Doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. Progress is, progress has Been, how much time do you have on that again?


Spring. Yep. Spring, summer. It'll happen Spring, summer. Yeah. But as far as the actual spring in your legs goes for Dunking, now is the time where steroids come into play, right? Yeah. I don't think I'm gonna do steroids. We'll see Pussy. Yeah. You've changed Pussy. It's just hard to get Someone's gotta be able to get it. When I did him the first time, it was just given to me. Yeah. We'll get him Billy football. Got Him. No, no. Light switch. Light switch. Lou got him. But Billy, The winning Billy would be the plug. Yeah. Billy's Got you Billy. The plug. Yeah. Alright. Your fire fest. My fire fest is that I'm a hoarder and it's, I've come to grips with it. Welcome. I've, yeah. No, I've, You're in the right place.


We talked about it when we were cleaning the studio and I've been thinking about it, doing it for a while. And I finally started the process. I have been doing it of, of nuking all my clothes and just starting fresh. Yeah. Oh, it's the best feeling. But in that process, I'm like, take all of these clothes, you know, off the hangers, put 'em in a place, go through 'em one by one. Like the, the, what is it? Marie Kondo. Yeah. Yeah. Does it, does it give you joy? But there's things I haven't worn since I've moved to Chicago and I'm still like, ah. Yeah. Oh, You never know. T-shirts Are the hardest and then not anything. Yeah. Everything's the hardest. And It's like, but T-shirts like, oh, they're sentimental. Like, I have like some, some, some nicer clothes. We don't really dress nice, but I'm like, oh, what if, you know, the one occasion that I need this, which will never happen. Never Happen.


And I, and the only way for me to like actually change, you know, get a, get a, a fresh style would be to, 'cause otherwise I'm just gonna wear the same shit which I've been doing. So I'm just trying to get rid of everything. But I've realized I just, Why don't you just, one day you say it's hard. I'm okay, so I'm going to do it. Every single t-shirt gone. That's what I've been doing. I took everything. I put it on a pile in my room and I've been going through one by one. And that's the, that's where I've realized like I'm making no progress there. 'cause I'm like keeping all the stuff, even though Yeah. I haven't worn it Just, you just gotta spread it out. Did I ever tell you guys when, when we lived in, in New York, in my old apartment in Brooklyn, I had a closet that was higher than, taller than me in terms of how much shit I had in it.


Yeah. When I, I went to move, it was, it was probably eight feet tall, this closet just full of shit. And now that I have a house, the good news is I just have piles in secret places that like are, you know, like there's a little garage pile, there's a little, this basement pile. You just, you keep 'em, you keep 'em spread out. And it's harder to, to to pin me down as a hoarder. Yeah. I have an extra bedroom that's turned started that's turned into a closet. So you're good. They're like, what's in here? It's like, ooh. Yeah. Just a One giant pile. It's also, it's funny sometimes when you're going through your old T-shirts and you see a shirt that you made that's like specifically for 2016 back in, it's like Coach O riding a, a tiger riding Mike the Tiger.


And you're like, what do I do with this? And then you think about donating it and you're like, oh shit. What if somebody sees this like PFT football guy shirt where I'm kicking a fuel goal in the XFL. Like somebody sees that in a Goodwill and then they're like man PFT on hard times. Everyone's giving away his T-shirts. You see 'em everywhere? I have that happen here. Yeah. Where there's just like producers and behind the scenes guys will just be walking around with, with old sweatshirts and shirts that I have because I gave away like my whole pile in New York. And, it just traveled here. So like the other day there was just a guy walking around with a Wisconsin Taz sweatshirt. Like, that's mine. Is there somebody that you Can Oh Yeah.


Someone's wearing the Ricardo shirt. I had the same shirt. I was like, where did You order that Shirt? He is like's, Yeah. Right. Or a hat. And I'm like, yeah, that's my hat. I didn't know you were into the dead. They're like, no, I just took this from your pile. And someone, that was actually another moment of realization. 'cause someone came up to me and was like, Hey, can I have this sweatshirt? And I was like, no, I want it. And then I was like, wait, I haven't seen that sweatshirt in a year. Just take it. Right. My initial reaction was like, no, I want that. Even though it's been here, I didn't know it was here. I haven't thought about it. I didn't try and find it. But it's a Beautiful thing to dress other men. I'm just dressing other men. Have you thought about it? Just walking around, Just hiring somebody to come to your apartment and just take the clothes and just be like, you don't need this. Hey, Stage a robbery. We'll, we'll stage a robbery.


That's probably, you Want to come and rob you. I just walking yet needs to all be gone. 'cause Yeah, You can't do it yourself. Just Give us your key. No, yeah. I'm, and we'll come rob you and you just be like, oh, well then you can maybe get insurance fraud. Mm. Like that. What about, what about hoarding spiders? Is that a problem for you too? Nope, just battling. Battling. Okay. The battle goes. PFT My fire fest was on, it was on Tuesday morning. True. I talked about it on the show, but my, so my car got towed. It's at the mechanic and I told Hank I have a a, a very deep fear that I still haven't called my mechanic to get, get a follow up on what's wrong with it. Yeah. Because my deepest fear is that he's gonna be like, yeah, there was no gas in it. Oh Man, would you be the biggest asshole of all Time?


But I don't think that's what happened. So the gas gauge is broken on there, but I filled it up with like $40 worth of gas and then I drove it, I wanna say four times back and forth to the office and that's it. So that would mean that the mileage would have to be about like 2.5 miles per gallon. Could be. That's Work out be, Could be. And that's, it's not unrealistic to think that the mileage on that thing is that bad. But yeah. I'm just basically too much of a coward to call my mechanic and find out what's wrong because I'm afraid he's gonna make me feel dumb. Yeah. Yeah. That would suck. Yep. He'd be the biggest asshole ever. I don't think that's what it was, but that's, that's the fear that's preventing me from checking the One. Yeah. I think he just never, I think you need that. I think, I think he just owns that car now. I think you just need to have someone else reach out to your mechanic and be like, Hey, I'll call him.


And I'll just be like, Hey, if, if it's no gas, just let's just not say it. Yeah, yeah. Or do we, do we stage a robbery there to fill up the gas tank, Like break in and put gas in my car? Yeah. And then if he's like, it was empty, like no, it's not. Go check. It's Not Check it Again. You're an idiot. Double Check. Yeah. You're a bad mechanic. Triple Check. I Don't think that's what the problem was, but there's like a 10% chance that I feel like a big asshole. Yeah. Yeah. That's Tough. Alright. My fire fest. I've, I've alluded to it, but I'm starting to get really anxious about what I'm gonna be for Halloween. I know you guys probably don't deal with this, but I need to nail my Halloween costume. And my kids keep changing every single day what they want to be. And I can't base it off of them or I have to base it off them.


And they keep changing. So what the fuck do I do? You Don't wanna be Batman. They're not into Batman. The options right now are, two days ago it was Spider-Man. So then I was gonna be like, all right, I'll be doc ker Iron Man yesterday. Did You do Doc Ock though? Yeah. I have a Doc Hawk costume. Yesterday was a fireman, so I just have to do that again. Easy this morning. It was Super Mario, which I would love to be Bowser, but, Or warrior. You could be a good warrior. I could be a good warrior. But if I buy Warrior and then like a day before he is like, Hey, we're gonna be cops and robbers or we're gonna be firemen. Like, what do I do? I just think I have to buy like six costumes. I gotta GI got a good one for the whole family. Well, can't you, don't you have, isn't your youngest son young enough where you can just give him a costume?


Yeah. He'll just be a fucking pumpkin. So you can match with him no matter what. Nah, you gotta, you gotta do the, you gotta do the kids that are like the, the five and 3-year-old are aware of Halloween. They're excited about Halloween. I gotta, I gotta build it up for 'em. I have a Question. Yeah. So you keep, do you keep getting all of These students? No, I have not. But I'm getting anxious because they haven't given me the, the, the ni the answer to what they wanna be for Halloween changes every like 24 hours. Why don't you just be like, gimme Deadline. What do you want to be? We're we're getting it right now and this is what You're gonna do. They're gonna, they're gonna change it again. My daughter also said you already, even if she wa she wanted me to be poop. That's good. Like Legitimate just poop. Yeah, because the poop, They probably have poop.


Poop emoji costumes. Yeah, for sure. So I might just do that. What About this NBA photo day was earlier this week. What if you went as LeBron and then you had your son go as Brony. Yeah. And then one of the other kids dresses up as jj. Yeah. You make a suit and then the other one's a basketball. I like that. I think that could work. I like that. Did you see that jj? There's a DJ at the Lakers practice. It's already happening to our good friend JJ Reddick. Yeah. Row Compton's best friend. Max's mortal enemy. They asked what's the deal with the dj? He said that's LeBron's call. And he's like, I don't know who's paying for it. But we have a DJ at Practice.


Apparently they had a big wine summit before the season started where he was gonna lay out what the rules were gonna be over a bottle of wine with, with LeBron. And then LeBron was gonna communicate those to the rest of the team so they don't have to waste practice time going over the rules. So in this game of wine Telephones, insane. I feel like LeBron is just gonna give his rules to the team. Ah. But JJ can be like, I told LeBron what my rules were. Yeah. He feels like he doesn't, he's getting forced to play Brony. He's getting forced. I mean he's probably gonna get forced to play bro. He's getting forced to have a DJ at the practice. JI mean JJ was, you know, he, he came up with Coach K. There's no way he wants a DJ at practice. But that's happening. It'd be funny if he made them wear Duke uniforms in practice Or, and then took 'em away.


Took it so that they can take away the letter D You can't do this. I just hope LeBron's nice to our friend jj. That'd be nice. I Think it'd be good for basketball if they were good. Got a good track Record. Yeah. But yeah, I gotta figure out what I'm gonna be for Halloween. I'll, I'll let you guys know. I don't know, maybe you guys might have to just, maybe just paint your nails, Get up to Caleb Williams jersey scene. Yeah, sure. That'd be cool. I thought Hank was being nice. I feel like a lot of, I'm looking at him. I'm trying to decide whether I need to go on attack mode or be like Good, good suggestion. Thanks. Okay. Yeah. I had to, I had to visually figure it out. He Goes Ebra, flues What? Get a sick haircut. Just put my head in a toilet.


Just get a sick haircut. Yeah. What I'm doing. Alright, good. Show boys. Let's do numbers. Memes is back. Memes. I didn't say that it would be funny if number three was called when you weren't here. You didn't. I did. It would've been funny. It would've been funny if we had number three. Yeah, that would've Sucked. Lemme go with five. Shane and Pug here. Shane. See there's another one. Shane. Where'd you get that sweatshirt? Where'd you get that sweatshirt? Huh? Where'd you get that sweatshirt? Depop. Oh, I thought maybe it was a pile. Nope, I got Shane a charger sweatshirt from the, they only sell it at the SoFi Stadium.


So I hit up my chargers, connect, Shane came to my office and the way he thanked me, it was like I saved his life. He was just like, thank you so much. It was very, it was like a nice moment between us, but it was just like, it's a sweatshirt. Is it sick? It is sick. It's a sick sweatshirt. I'm just appreciative. I know, but it was like, you have to do that. Yeah. No. Well, I mean I did because I love you. But like it was, it was just like I, I was like borderline tears. It was borderline tears. He was getting choked up thanking me. Shane, How many people did you, he texted me about like connected SoFi. I was like, I don't have a connected SoFi. I was like, what do you need this for? He is like, they, there's a sweatshirt there. I can only get it there. And I was like, alright Man. I guess it was more that you were so appreciative and all it took me to do was just send one simple text.


So it was like, yeah, like it's not a big deal. Like I'll do anything for my boys. But yeah, it was, it was a touching moment. Yeah. I mean it was, it was inconvenient For you. It was not inconvenient at all. That was my point. All I said was, Hey, my producers who you met wants this sweatshirt is, could you send us one? And they're like, yeah, no problem. Oh, well I'm still Thankful. Yeah. Now he's gonna text you all the time. What? You shouldn't, you shouldn't have said how easy it was. Guess what? I'll get it. I'll get more. I'll get more for my boys. Alright, numbers 3, 5 26. 6, 9, 9. Pose.


21, 26, 16, 41, 41. Love you guys.