
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music.


What if the golf ball you're playing isn't the number one ball for you? Meet the all new TP five and TP five X from TaylorMade. Whether you prefer the softest five layer tour ball in the TP five or the fastest, that's now a half a club longer. In TP five X, you'll be playing a golf ball that performs like it was built just for you. Available in white, yellow and picks. You can personalize it with my symbol no matter which you choose. Every TP five, TP five X is designed to help your game. Head to tailormade golf.com today to find the number one ball for you.


Say hi to can social tonics. Can Social tonics spikes their seltzer with weed. Each can is bundled with five simple, clean ingredients to deliver the perfect buzz. And a buzz that doesn't backfire can comes in three award-winning flavors. Blood, orange, cardamom, lemon, lavender, and grapefruit. Rosemary can comes in a variety of doses for every drinker, ranging from two milligrams to five milligrams of THC. Head to drink can.com. That's drink CAN n.com. And use code Barstool 20 for 20% off your order of can. And a free roadie six pack sampler can is not for use or purchased by persons under the age of 21. Can products contain less than 0.3%? Delta nine THC that is derived from hemp Do not claim to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and have not been evaluated or approved by the FDA.


On today's part of my take, we have our good friend Joe Burrow back on the podcast. We are also back in studio. After a week off, we're gonna do the Mount Rushmore of meat. Probably should have done that before July 4th, but we're gonna do it anyway. Meat. It is grilling season, so we're gonna do the Mount Rushmore meat. We're gonna catch up on everything that is going on in the world of sports. And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.


It's finally here. Best Ball week at DraftKings. Here's why it's a big deal. DraftKings Best Ball Millionaire contest is their biggest fantasy contest ever. We're talking 15 million guaranteed prize pool with two. That's right. Two millionaires being crowned for first and second place. If you're a set it and forget it type, the best ball is for you. No waiver wires. No roster management. bigger rosters, so injuries won't end your season. Only the draft and that's it. You are set for the season. Check it out now. It's gonna be huge. 15 million prize pool. If you're still not convinced, check this out. This year. DraftKings offering everyone a draft one, get one special. Your $20 entry fee scores you a bonus ticket. It's almost football season. Best Ball week is here. Download the DraftKings app use code take. That's code take for all customers who enter the NFL Best Ball 15 million Millionaire contest to get a bonus ticket and get a shot at being crowned one of two millionaires. It's best ball week only on DraftKings Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at draftkings.com/dfs.


Okay, let's go Revenue And, then we higher Oh, we down to it's Pardon. My Take, presented by Barstool Sports.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Best Ball week is here. Download the DraftKings app. Use code take. That's code take for all customers who enter the NFL best ball, 15 million millionaire contests to get a bonus ticket and get a shot at being crowned one of two millionaires. It's best ball week only on DraftKings. Today is Monday, July 8th, and the boys are back in town. We're back in town. I think we we're back. I think we picked a decent week to take the vacation because the one thing that you have to always be on the lookout for the week of the 4th of July is the, the Friday afternoon news dump. Yeah. And we didn't even get really one of those. No. It was like Biden might not run for president. I did. I don't, I don't want to get political, but I did that, that tweet.


I don't know. If, you guys saw, I quote tweeted it the other day. Someone was like, it's telling that all these people who love politics have just never been through a coach being fired before. And it was the most apt analogy ever. Because it is. We're we, we we are. One of the things that I think we do better than anyone is we can tell you when a coach is on the hot seat, When he gets that sad look at the podium and They are literally doing the like, like he's gonna give up the offensive play calling just so he can coach the whole team. Well pretty much what what's going on is the DNC is saying, Joe Biden is our candidate. Yeah, Yeah. Right. We have full, we we have a full vote of confidence in Joe Biden right now. Right. So they're just, you know, doing all the moves. Everything's gonna be fine.


But We are back. It feels good to be back. What do you guys wanna talk about? You guys wanna talk about Bronny so We can talk Bronny, right? You wanna do that right off the bat? Let's fucking talk about Bronny. The dude. I don't know If you saw, but Bronny Biggest four points in N-B-N-B-A history. Dude, he hit a layup in transition. Holy shit. Yeah. And, and LeBron Watchin said, damn, that's tough. This is great. I hope there's, I hope there's some Bengals fans that are tuning in for the first time and they're like, what is this po It's about Bronny. Yeah. Podcast is about Bronny. We're just a, a Bronny James and Charlie Woods podcast. Can I say something about Bronny? I really don't like the fact that he's going by Bronny. Why not? His name's LeBron James Jr.


Just go LeBron James Jr. I don't like calling like it's even in the box score. It's B James. Yeah. I don't like that, bro. I agree with you. The name is LeBron James Jr. I, I, I wasn't sure where you're going until he told me the box score thing. Yeah. That's weird to go. It's annoying. It should just be, just go by Junior. And also it would be cool if he ever got in a game and it was L James and l James Jr. Right next to each other. Remember when he wouldn't, he said he wouldn't wear his dad's number 'cause he doesn't want people to know who he is. Yeah. Now he's just, they're doing so that's probably why He doesn't want people to maybe he, they'll think that he is not LeBron James Jr. That's true. Because his name's Bronny, not LeBron. He's, they're, now they're just literally doing 69 Now. He's a guy that would just go out there and you'd be like, why is that guy on the team? Is he like LeBron James son or something?


Yeah. No, that's Bronny Just, oh, it's Bronny. Yeah. Yeah. It couldn't can't be his son. They should do the Brazilian method and just go LeBron Nino. Yeah. Ooh, I like that. Yeah. I, I gotta take about Bronny. I actually kind of am addicted to how Mad Brody's making everyone. Well it's 'cause it's like the updates on ESPN are like Bronny Bronny has a transition layup Bronny has an assist watch LeBron James Jr. Well, it's not Watch Bronny, watch LeBron react to Bro's. Two Points. Yeah. It's an ecosystem and Everyone's getting so mad. And it's very funny because I like, this is how I consume sports. Like, I, I also was like, this is ridiculous by LeBron. It's a very egotistical play.


Yeah. It's cool. They're playing together. And then as soon as everyone got very upset, I was like, actually I kind of like this because it's a fucking NBA summer league and they know what they're doing. How Do they do Allstar voting? Is there a fan vote? Yeah. So what we should do next year is just we should try to get ballot, try to get Bronny into the Allstar game. Yeah. People getting mad about his contract. Yeah. It's great. Well, full guaranteed. Well, That was a big time ball Knowers and I, I did not know Ball until I looked it up, but that is also part of the new CBA. So the new CBA has different contracts for second round guys. Tyler Ick, who is a nick, went to Marquette also. Very funny when Josh Hart just Celtic what?


Tyler ick From Marquette. Oh, Mar New York. Who'd you think He was thinking? Sam Houser? You were thinking not everything's about you. Hank the Other white guy. Yeah, That was, that was crazy. We talking, We talking Celtics. I, are you thinking of Bailey s Shiman? Yep. Yep. That's just another big east guy. White, big east guy. Completely different player. Okay. We're back. Anyway. Tyler Cooch, there was like a fake Twitter troll started a rumor that Tyler Cooch couldn't read. This happened last year during, during Big East Play. And Josh Hart on his podcast with Jill and Brunson was like, Hey, can he read? He like, I legit was like, I don't know if he can read or not. Yeah. So every time you somebody gets ball sacked out there.


Yeah. There's always like 5% people that never realize that it was a joke. Right. They just Keep Going Around with it. Right. So anyway, Tyler Ick did break the record for I think most money for a second round pick. So he got, what was his exact contract? He had guaranteed money 6.6 million. So Bronny probably didn't deserve a non two-Way contract, but the new CBA does have very different contracts for second round picks. So people were like, this guy five years ago got paid for blueberries and Brony gets 7.9 million. That is partially the new CBAI think I Do, I don't hate. I, maybe I will become a Brony stand.


I don't know. I I think that, fuck it. Maybe LeBron pulled this move just so he can write $2 million out of his son's inheritance. Yes. He's like, that's just 2 million less than I You're getting this upfront, Tony. Yeah. Well there was, there was the bro LeBron took $3 million less than the actual max. He could have had, he Did do that And, that was Like, oh, he was just stashing away for Bronny. But, But I also think that in his, in his new contract, if he gets traded, he gets like an extra kicker that that goes in. Ah, he does have a no trade clause, but he can accept a trade and then I think he would make like $3 million. Yeah. He's, he, he said he'd take less. He then took the max or $3 million less than the max Bronze Sexuals are saying. Well, he said he'd take less for the right free agent, which then boxes them in the corner.


No free agent in the right mind wants to go to whatever this iteration of the Lakers are gonna Be. Yeah. DeMar de Rosen didn't, He was, yeah. He was sign and trade. He was sign and trade, but he was probably the last good player that was out there. Yeah. Well he, yeah. He wanted Clay Valentino and they got nothing. Yeah. DeMar de Rosen is now a Sacramento king and the Bulls, yet again mistimed an asset, but they're kind of on the right direction of trying to be bad. Well, DeMar de Rosen, he re he wanted to leave the Bulls after the Josh Giddy trade after the Caruso for, for Getty trade. Somewhat similar to our rule that we have in our dingers only league where he is like, I'm allowed to exit this team because I must say that it's the NBA did investigate.


I don't wanna defend Josh Getty, but he's a bull now. They didn't Find anything. The fur when Big Cat told me that, that, that he jumped on just to talk about the Josh Getty trade. The only thing I could think of was Caruso for Giddy is a real life version of Pervert or Italian. Oh man. And I love Alex Caruso, but yeah, the Bulls DeMar Deros gone. They're trying, they're trying to blow it up. They mistimed everything. I saw A crazy DeMar Deros stat. Okay. And I didn't verify it, I didn't look it up to see if it's true. Those are The best stats. I think he scored almost as many points as Steph Curry Okay. In his entire career. Let's find Out. Let's find out. All right. I saw that. I was like, whoa. Career points. Is that stat real? I'll just talk to the boys. Okay.


He has Oh yes. 23,580. I mean, he's played longer. Yeah. And he's, he's played a lot, a lot of games. Andy was the number one option on not Yeah. He's scored. He has scored 150 less than Steph Curry. That's pretty cool. That is pretty cool. And he, he's done it the hard way. Yep. With twos not threes. Yep. That's right. The Showboating stuff. Old fashioned. Or you could say Steph Curry's probably insanely more Efficient. No, I would just say DeMar DeMar de Rosen is the working man. Steph Curry. Yeah. But yeah, this is the, the Bulls are gonna blow it up for the next year until the RHS dwarfs for like, Hey, let's win 40 games again. That'd be nice. And they'll go back to that. What other we, we also had in NBA news, Kevin Durant, who got hurt, I guess during Olympic scrimmage also shadow to Anthony Edwards, who said the team has to, everyone has to do it around him.


Yep. It's not a fit in. They have to fit in with me. Not the other way around. U USA Runs through Him. I like that. He's just a bulldog. But Kevin Durant did a sit down article with Yahoo Sports and was essentially like, everyone just does the SM smashes, the Kevin Durant could be traded button for clicks. We should get that button. Yeah. I mean, I listen. That definitely happens. Kevin Duran is someone who's very online. You, you of all people should know. That happens. But also you have been on a good amount of teams. He is been on for the last Few years. He's been on four teams, right? Yeah. And He's, well, he is been on four teams and he is been on what, three teams in the last four or five years.


Yeah. So, but yeah, he, he said, yes, it's a button. What else is gonna get people going around this times? Oh, the Journeyman is leaving again. That story's always gonna hit Past I did. Now I did hear that Kevin Durant was unhappy and wanted to be traded. Yes. And so I think that if you're Kevin Durant and you're on those sons, you wanna leave Right. Tune In. So Wednesday's Pardon My Take where we actually will have the inside scoop on Kevin Durant possibly being traded. I hear he is unhappy. People are gonna think we have him on the show. We do not have him on the show. I think that's, I think that ship has sailed. Yeah. LeBron would wanna be traded to the sons. Well, he wants he Wants all the sons. Yeah. He Wants 'em all. And he want, he wanted, that was the one team that Bronny was allowed to go to.


Oh really? Yeah. It was the sons of the Lakers. Would they have to change the spelling of the name? I don't know. But he, he's ended up on the Lakers. It's crazy. Yeah. I I What what other We've got Allstar game Snubs. Yes. Now if I'm a baseball player and I get snubbed for the Allstar game, I'm secretly excited about it because at least you get to go have like three days where you don't have to work. Yeah. Although it's probably pretty cool. I mean, it's, it's such a sh I always think with the Allstar game in baseball, it's a short enough time that you'd probably just rather be in the Allstar game. 'cause it is three days. You know? If it was a full week, I'd be like, yes, SNU be every time we have a problem. Because Christian Yellich might be returning to form and he's in the all-star game, which makes me very nervous that he's going to potentially compete in the hormone derby.


And he's got ax to grind. No one drafted him. And where is the All Star game this year? I know, but I'm asking Max. 'cause he loves Baseball. I was about to say it. So Yeah. I'll just let Max say Instead. Yeah. Yeah. You were, and I know you were about to say it, Hank obviously. Yeah, Boston It is. It's not Boston. Come On. It Is in Max. Can't even Google it. Max. I thought you knew it. You don't know where it is, max. This is embarrassing, dude. I know. Everything's bigger there. It's Oh, it's in Texas. Yep. Globe life. Is it in Globe life? Yep. Okay. Okay. We'll have to look and see how that does for lefties. Yeah. Listen, he's hit what, three home runs in the last couple games. Yeah.


So it's just, it's a small sample size. Well, he might have taken it personally that he wasn't drafted in Dingers only. Well, you can suck my ass. Yeah, We might have to tune in, tune in soon. We'll have to stream that. That will be quite something. Is streaming, eating each other's asses. No. Watching Christian Yellich potentially making us do a stream where we eat each other's Asses. Yeah. This is gonna, I'm confident. I was so, I'm confident he was Washed. He still is washed. I like, I like Christian Yellich a lot. He's a friend of the program. Been a friend of the program for a long time. But dude, don't do it. You're gonna get hurt again. Your back's gonna hurt. Oh, is Pete Alonzo gonna be in it? Pete Alonzo with the home run Derby. Yeah. Is the worst. It's the most, He is the biggest loser in sports.


When the Home Run Derby comes Around. It's, it's one of my, my all time, all time meatball sports Brain takes that. When Pete Alonzo gets talked about potentially for being on the Cubs. I'm like, I don't want 'em, he cares too much about the home run derby. He, dude, he gets laser focused. He meditates backstage. Yeah. He, he go goes into like a little panic room by himself in between rounds and just focuses and visualize home runs. That's, and the home run derby isn't even that fun anymore. No. They're changed it. Did they They need fun. They made it fun again. They Re they refund it. They Refund it. Are they doing, what are they doing? They are doing, I think it's swings now, right? Or it's, No, it's the same way initially. I think it's still like two and a half minutes, but It's not head to head either.


But then they get fi I think it's four extra outs after they do the, we, we need to look This up. Okay. We gotta look it up. We gotta look it Up. I'm pretty sure that's, I'm pretty sure that's Look it up. Home run Derby rules. I'm pretty, Because the home run derby used to be like the best night of, of the summer. Yeah. It was so awesome. I loved watching the home run derby. The old rules made it. So you, the problem with the new home run derby is you don't get to appreciate each dinger because the next dingers already hit while the last dingers in the air. Then you have to watch the, the score bug to see if the lastinger went out or not. Yeah. Alright. It, they didn't really change it. I, I disagree with my own statement. It's still three. It's still three minutes. Yeah. I don't like that.


I'm pretty sure They get additional outs though. Yeah, But who cares about additional out? Yeah. That's not our problem. We want, I wanted to go back to, I want to go back to 10 outs and guys taking balls over and over and what the 10th, the 10th ball was worth too. Yeah. You could just sit there and just marinate in it. Watch the dingers fly. Not, oh, who can hit the most dingers that, oh, this one lands before the next one. Or this one doesn't land before the next one's even hit. I like that. Josh Hamilton. Bobby Abreu. Yeah. There are no, there are, they did change. It's not head to head until the final, until the semifinals, which I like That. Okay. That's better. That's a little bit better. So it'll just be the top four, three minute round, 40 pitches, one time out. Three bonus outs.


Yeah. The bonus outs don't do Anything for now. Was it three minutes with 40 pitches last year? Or was it just three minutes or, Oh, yeah, you might be right. You might be right. Because that's, I think that's better. This Is some good podcasting. I feel like we're getting back in. It's like training camp for us. We, we took one week off. I know personally, I spent an entire week just saying, put your shoes on. And then watching Paw Patrol. So my brain is smush. I haven't talked to like adults for like a real meaningful conversation in a while. But yeah, I feel like, and you're sick. PFT I'm sick. I also spent the last week just negotiating with street vendors. Oh, my friend Best Press. My friend. Yeah. In Greece.


I Love Greece. They don't pay taxes. Greece. They don't. No. That's why, why their whole economy. The taxes in Greece. And this is, this could be, I paid A lot of taxes while I was over there. This could be totally made up. But as far as I know, and this is based on a Twitter thread I read a few years ago in Greece, taxes are optional. And then their economy just crumbles every like 10, 15 years. They're like, Hey, we should probably start paying taxes. Their Soccer, their club soccer teams should be a lot better. Then If, you don't have to pay taxes. That's how, that's how you get all the good players. I think they might charge foreigners taxes, but the actual gre they don't, they just, it's a, it's kind of like a leave a tip or not. Yeah.


They're like, oh, should I do my taxes? This shit? Nah, I'm not gonna do it this year. I, I love Greece. It was a great place, but I just kept thinking about Stave when I was over there. Yeah. Also, shout out to Stave gave me a great recommendation to go get a, a euro in Athens. And I showed up and I was 10 minutes late and it closed. Oh no. So Wait, I'm very bummed out about that. Oh, how do They close the Euro shop In Athens? Well, well let, lemme tell you a little story about how, how Greece works. Nothing opens until like 11:00 AM because everyone stays out until like 2:30 AM Yeah. And then they open for lunch for like two and a half hours, and then they don't open again until like seven or 8:00 PM Ha I had a guy tell me. Yeah, you'll you'll make it there by about seven in the afternoon. Yeah. Oh, that was weird. Yeah. That is Weird. All right. I looked, I just, I just Googled that. Yes.


Currently more than half of Greek households are exempt from any personal income tax. Okay. That rocks. That feels like a lot. And it, you can also, yeah. How do you get on the bad 50%? I Don't know. You gotta make a lot of money. Probably. I think it's a cultural thing. Just like earn your stripes. Well, it's, I don't know if it's cultural or not. I think it's just seniority. I don't know. I don't know. No, I think it's a, I think it's a cultural thing because I, this is a very funny headline. Did Greeks fail to pay 89.5% of taxes? They're just like, if that's actually genius. If they say, what if we just all didn't pay taxes? They can't audit everybody. Right. That's, I think it's cultural. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. All right.


Stick it to the man. Yeah. Yeah. They, they just, a lot of 'em just, they do it as optional. I think we should probably take that. Yep. Where were we? Oh, also Starts. Thanks. Been doing that for years. Leave from the front. Great tangent. Great tangent there. MLB Allstar Game. Allstar game. Yeah. That's, it always happens when we talk about like non-football sports. Well, it it in this, in this Week of sports, but timestamp this as baseball talk In this week of sports. It's always like the Allstar snubs, which I, the reason I wouldn't mind being an Allstar stub is because they would say you, you get your own day where people are just mad and they're lobbying on your behalf. So you get that shine. Yeah. It's like An a, it's like an afternoon. And you also get it, you have to be the number one. Stu. I know that the Mets fans are mad because Nemo and Lindo, my guy Christian Walker, dingers only legend.


He went back to back nights hitting two home runs both nights. He got snubbed. Christopher Sanchez, Jordan Westberg, shout out the o's who, who got, who got snubbed there, max Christopher Sanchez. Even though the Phil, like the entire out pitching is the Phillies pitching. Someone Asked me to ask you, max, have the Phillies won a series against the Braves this year? They've played twice. They lost Two series. They're playing. They're playing tonight. They were, were they gonna win tonight? I won't need to ask that person the last time. The Braves beat the Phillies in a playoff series. Okay. I will also, since we're talking baseball. Wait, who, how did the, how did the team pug end up? We got Slaughter ruled in the playoffs.


We only had a lot of, our team was traveling for the 4th of July, so we had to scrape. But everyone who was in town went. Right. Everyone except for Max. Max went to 12 baseball games last week and couldn't miss the game on Tuesday because he had to go on Monday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday Max is doing load management. I Went and Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday Got slaughter ruled. Well, Hank didn't even show up to the start of the game. Oh, I was, I started the game. Oh, no, man. Where were you? You let the boys down? I let the, I told the boys I wasn't gonna be there. You told, you gave him a notice that you were gonna let him down. Phil, I think Garrett Stubbs recognized me. Did we? That already? I think We, oh yeah, we did. I think, I think we mentioned it. Yeah. We, Yep. Cut this. Wait, what?


We didn't talk about this. I think we did Max. Max yelled at Phillies, said, let's go Phils. No, No, no. This is something different. Oh, right. That's what we talked about last week. Yeah. Yeah. This is different. Max had got a wink. So from The dugout. Okay, nice. So, so we're on show number two in a row of max screaming at Phillies. And maybe they recognized no Scream at him this time. It Did he or did he not, did they or did they not recognize Max? I honestly don't Know. That's, this is now two shows in a row because He looked at me, gave me a nod, winked, and then he, and then he started going like this and saying, drive the boat, or like, are you driving the boat? And I was like, what? I couldn't picture what that meant. He said boat. Yes. He thought you were Hank.


Yeah. Yeah. I think he thought I was Hank. Yeah, Hank I think Thought Hank. Oh, he dug duck boat. Or maybe the duck boat or, yeah. Or I thought, yeah. Or maybe, or I thought maybe it was referencing the story of the, of the beer Olympics. Ah, got it. I don't, I don't Know. I think he was saying it'd be a real shame. If, you crashed your boat. Yeah. Maybe. Which was not You. Yeah. Yeah. Which is so, which is not me. So the Phillies think that you're Hank That's cool. That that hurt. Is that a win for Hank? They wanna be With, I think that's a win for Hank. Win for Hank. Yeah. And smart by them. They're like, they see a guy and they're like, that guy's somehow related to PMT. Oh, it's Hank. Yeah. Wow. Your hair grew back real fast, Hank.


Yeah. That's, that's tough. And you're sitting with a little baby bib in the booth right now. Yeah. Having to go through is because you texted me very excited. You said we're back. Well, yeah. Yeah. I said Rt. I, I didn't really understand. RT was getting slaughtered. Max was getting winks that were for Hank Kind of. Yeah. Who from the Phillies is in the all-star game? It is Bryce Harper, Trey Turner, ranger Suarez, Zach Wheeler. Matt Strom. No, Castellanos. Castanos is not Castanos in the home run Derby would be awesome because it'd be just tragedy after tragedy after tragedy happening somewhere.


Yeah. Yeah. Alec B also Hoffman. What's that? Hank? It'd be like a bombing somewhere. Yeah. Yeah. It, yeah, it would be, it would just be the worst. A Terror. Like a, a terrorist attack happens. A terrorist attack slash like tornado, like World War ii. Yeah. Yeah. Sharknato happens. All these things happen at the same time. Okay. What else? That was great. MOB talk boys. It was really good. I, I really dingers only go going hot and heavy right now. We're we're off and running. N Hhl free agency. Sure. I said my piece. I think the Black Blackhawks did a good job. I think the Cap, that's my take Caps did a wonderful job as well.


Cellini. He's doing stuff. I think he signed his contract. Yep. That's cool. Also hockey. Hockey should just go away for like a month. No, I, I wasn't gonna be my take. I was thinking about it. There are some jerseys, and I like the jersey in general, but the San Jose Sharks, like, they had a picture of him in the Sharks jersey. And I was like, this isn't a real franchise. It looks kinda like a, a 1990s video game. Yeah. It's like, let's make a, let's make a franchise. I don't know. You just put on the Well, the Ducks, the Ducks kind of had that vibe going for 'em when they were the, the Anaheim Mighty Ducks. Yeah. And then they just switched it up and now they look like a real hockey team.


Yeah. So good luck to Cellini. He's gonna be great. Yeah. I'm trying to think what other, what other big stories. Michael Rubin's White Party. That was cool. Yeah. We were there. Or no one except the people there. We were definitely there. So sick. That was so sick. Ah, man. Joe Burrow was there. Was he? Yeah, he had a, he had sleeve a sleeveless like white button down shirt. Good for Joe. And, we'll, we'll get into this with Joe when we talk to him. But going into the interview, I was a little worried that Joe's gone Hollywood on Us. Yeah. He said that to me before. Yeah. I was a little bit worried. I can confirm that. Joe Burrow iss still as cool as he ever was. Yeah. He's not Hollywood. He's the man. He's Joe Cool. Tom Brady got picked off by DeMar Hanlin on the beach.


Yeah. Oh really? Okay. Let's, 'cause we're, we're doing some loose podcasting right now. There's not a lot going on in the sports world. And you come back Player of the year next year for DeMar. Well, we're Feeling our way back into the podcasting game. How, How long is DeMar Hamlin gonna get invited to these things? I think if he plays his cards right for a long time. Forever. Yeah. Okay. Good for him. I'm not judging him. It's just like, I saw him pick off Brady. I was like, oh shit. Is that Tamar Hamlin? Yeah. Oh, he's there. Okay. And Grant Williams is my favorite. Like, just pops up at all these parties. I don't know how that, he just, he must like wash the dishes or something after.


Like he helps out around the house. I have No idea. He doesn't get a straight invite. He's like, Ruben, like, Ruben's like, oh yeah, grant, you can come, can you, can you like, just park a couple cars before and then you're, you're welcome to come in. Maybe. Someone's plus one. Yeah. Yeah. Who's he dating? I don't know. Yeah. He didn't even get a tribute video. Yeah. And he is getting a white party invite. Everybody at the white party should be somebody that gets a tribute video. But I like, I like that Grant Williams is there. Just 'cause it's very funny to see him pop up and DeMar good for him. Just keep keep doing it. You think Tom let him pick that off? I don't know. I feel like Tom Brady was pissed. Yeah. Because I feel like anytime Tom Brady has a football in his hand, he's like, am I back?


Yeah. Like, am I, am I gonna do this? You Are the fake punt. Also The VP of the Players association. So maybe he's just a, a great who People person? I don't know. Grant Williams. Oh, Is he? Yeah. Oh, okay. So that might be why. Yeah. Wait, so who's the president? Is that Chris Paul? I Think so. No, It's CJ McCollum, I think. Oh yeah, that's, Oh yeah. That's, that's right. That's right. That's right. Yeah. That, that white party. That was cool. That was, that was really, really Cool. So in all honesty, I think this was the first time that the White party happened that I thought to myself, I, I never ever wanna be there. No, I 'cause it was also like what you'd, if we were in that, we would know some people, but I think we'd get a lot of people being like, those guys are way too ugly to be here.


Yeah. I would definitely stick out. I would probably be asked to leave the second I stepped in. Yeah. And I'd spill I'd spill on myself instantly. Yeah's. And it's a white party still, right? Yeah. Right. So there's, there's no chance that you would be able to say, was Embi there? Oh yeah. Oh, of course. Meek Mill was there holding the trophy. Drake looked sad. I saw one picture. He kind of looked sad. Yeah. Gotta have. He's he's gotta have going for worse summer ever. Drake. Yeah. Well, he had the video Kendrick Lamar's video for Not Like Us came out and then While he was at, While he was at the White party, which is, and then everyone's watching the video while he's at the White party. Right. And then DeMar Rosen came out when the, when the Kings introduced him to not like us.


Yep. So it's just gonna, that song's just gonna be around for the entire, so probably much longer than that. Yeah. So I don't, I don't know what he's gonna do about this. Yeah. Good for the White Party. I don't think Embiid was there. I don't think so either. Because He should be. Yeah. He, he's Been, but like Kevin Durant and Devin Booker were there. Kevin Durant got hurt. Well, I, I know the white party happened before he got hurt. Oh Fuck. So when did you think they did the white party? Nah, I don't know. We do. Speaking, speaking of white parties, we've got an update here from Chet Hanks. Oh Yes. White Boys. Summer was created to be fun, playful, and a celebration of fly white boys who love beautiful queens of every race. Anything else that it has been twisted into to support any kind of hate or bigotry against any group of people is deplorable.


And I condemn it. I hope that we can all spread love to each other and treat each other kindest and dignity. Love Chet Hanks. Oh, you know, he's serious when he ends it with Chet Hanks, not Chet Hayes. Yeah. So That is, don't get it twisted People trying to co co-opt white party. Yeah. White boy. Summer was supposed to be possible. White, white, white boy. Summer. Yeah. Yeah. That's, yeah. Don't, don't take it away. Do I don't think a beat was there anymore. Okay. Was Tatum there? Oh yeah. He brought the trophy. He did. Or because he doesn't have, or if he doesn't have the trophy, he gotta Bring it. Oh no. Yeah. That's actually sad. Like, the fact that he brought that as a, I didn't say it Hank, you have to admit the fact that he brings the trophy with him everywhere he goes, he is like, yeah. Hockey Players would never It's me. That's different. The, the Stanley Cup is different.


He's like a guy who gets a puppy trying to get a chick. Yeah. I mean, If, you guys won an NBA championship. You do the same thing. It's me. Remember NBA champ Taylor? I would never bring the trophy anywhere. Ever. Yeah. You wouldn't like follow the trophy around. That's the Stanley Cup. Big difference. Got it. Got Also You can, that's The best trophy in sports. I can drink the Stanley Cup. What do you use the NBA Delirium O'Brien for a giant dildo. You think anyone's ever brought around the Lombardi trophy? People don't just bring that around. Absolutely. That's not like a traveling trophy. No. The Stanley Cup is the only traveling trophy. That's a fact. I also don't think that you guys are arguing that you guys have Aura. Like, if, if the argument is negative or Big Cat or, or Jason Tatum, that is not a good sign for Jason Tatum.


Well, yeah. And also I, I Might, I might. Yeah. Yeah, I might. But the fact that you, that you're walking into a party with the NBA championship trophy, it's like, Hey, remember me guys? Yeah. Hey, to finish off the baseball talk, there is no worse trophy than than the World Series. That trophy Stinks. Yeah. Yeah. It's a bad trophy. That trophy's just literally like, Hey, how can we make a trophy that looks like it's gonna break at any moment? The coolest part about that trophy was when George Costanza dragged it around the parking lot. Yes. And it broke everywhere. I was like, yes. That's what I wanna see that trophy do. It Really is. It's, it's really a blowout when you go from like the Stanley Cup to the World Series, like the World Series trophy. The problem with it is, it, it looks cool if it's in a glass container, but to actually celebrate with it, you can't celebrate with it.


Right. I'm not, you can't do anything. You're gonna fall down and hurt yourself with it. Yeah. You're Gonna break one of those flags. I would say the crystal ball that they used to have for, for college football. Yep. Great. Trophy. That was a great trophy. Bring that trophy back. That was a great trophy. I'd put that at power ranking number two. Actually, We should do a Mount Rushmore I think we have Of trophies. Yeah. But just be like, but you get one pick. Okay. You wanna do impromptu? Okay. Alright. I'll go first. Stanley Cup Lombardi. Larry O'Brien. Low man. Oh Fuck. Oh Good. Pander pick. That Was a good pander pick. Yeah, that was a good pander. Pick. Memes, Memes. Panicking World, world Series.


Still there. Memes World Series still there. Memes. Would a gold medal work? No. Not a trophy. Not A trophy. World cup. What About like a rivalry trophy? Like Yeah. Paul bunion ax. Yep. Yep. That's a good pick. Oh, we could actually do this. A VN. All right. We'll do this. Do this at some point. Yeah. No, we absolutely could do this. Okay. Anything else before we do? Who's back of the week? I think we covered all the sports. I think we got everything. Yeah. Caught up. Yeah. Alright, let's do who's back of the week?


Who's back of the week's? Brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. Guess what it is Chill week. We are on our way to Tahoe. If you're listening to this on Monday, we're flying to Tahoe. On Monday, we're gonna do some chill stuff. We're gonna talk to some athletes, some celebrities. We're gonna get some great interviews to the aws. We're also gonna enjoy the hell out of this golf tournament, which is gonna be so much fun. And Chill Week is presented by Coors Light. Before all the hustle of football season, Pardon My Take is headed out west for a first ever chill week. We're still doing grit week, don't worry. But with the help of Coors Light, we'll be hosting interviews with fellow golf lovers in town, enjoying the summer fun the Tahoe has to offer. And most of all, choosing Chill with Coors Light all week long. When the mountains turn blue, it's as cold as the Rockies Coors Light is cold lager cold filtered, cold package for a smoother finish. We love Coors Light. If you're traveling this summer, long lines of the airport, your, your buddy talking while you're trying to tee off. Listen, Coors Light is there to chill you out. Tune in for our adventures at Chill Week. And don't forget to choose Chill and reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Incar by going to coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado.


Hank, who's back of the week. My Who's back of the week is, is wild. Okay. Okay. Shout to Jake. I Saw this a Bronny, I saw a very Oh no, I saw a very wild stat today. Speaking of golf. Ah, tone. What are you gonna do? Okay, go ahead. This is wild. Well, we'll be the judge of that Is Well, is your stat about Living. Oh, okay. I thought you were gonna talk about that stat that's going around. That's very mean. That just has every single Chicago sports team ranked this past year and they're all in last place. I wasn't, I I, I'm pro Chicago. I want Chicago sports to be Well, it's, it's A very, it's Bears last NFC North Bulls fourth Central Division Cubs last.


NLC central or NL Central Black Hawks. Last Central Division. White Sox last Ale Central 3 7 9 combined winning percentage. Interesting. They don't have the draft order on there though. That's true. Number one, pick Bulls had the 11th. Black Hawks had the second anchor. You don't address the necklace. Oh yeah. I got my, my Julian Brown necklace. It, I'm bio streaming chemicals into my, you know, insides without having the side effects of things like caffeine. So I get all the effects of them. You don't Like coffee? It uses small musical frequencies to activate the cells. Is that The buzzing we hear?


It's Nanobots. No. Okay. But yeah, it's awesome. All right. So what you should, you should get one PTI love It. I do want one very much. Can I, can I get a hit of it? You want some streams you look Like? Honestly, it, it looks cool. It looks stylish. Kind of like a dog shock collar Though. Yeah. Dog shock collar. Yeah. Looks like some type of, I keep thinking it's a visor that you're gonna put on The, in the picture. On the thing. Like they had in the brochure, they had a lady that wore it like this. I don't know how you tighten it, but she had it around her head like a visor. Oh, Your hair grows fast, Don. Lemme get a hit. Lemme get a hit all. So what's your stat? It's not the insult stat. Yes. I got, I saw everyone tag me saying, don't let me see this. I saw it many times.


For the last three years, each winner of the John Deere Classic has stayed in the same rental home in Illinois. Whoa. It's officially the trophy house. Davis Thompson, SEP Straka, JT Poston. How do you get this over your head? Well, In the same, in the same exact place. Same rental home. Holy Shit. That's wild. Right? That is wild. Big tournament. Lot of big field. Pretty random golfers. That was about life. What? You said it was about life. The stat. I Said wild. Wild. I said golf. Oh, Golf. So how much is that? Oh, I think you said life and, but you meant to say golf. I think you said living. Yeah. Said I think you said living and you meant to say golf Or living in the house.


I don't know. No, I I think you, life is golf synonymous for you. Living. Living is golf. If. you can't golf Then you screwed that up and Yeah. I Don't think So if you can't put golf, but It, I believe If you said life Living and you meant to say golf. You said, like You said, it's about living. Yeah. So you're like, if I can't golf, then I die. Yeah. True. But yeah, it's wild. That is wild. It is wild. How much do you think they're gonna be able to sell that house for next year? I mean, yeah. How, I don't know how the bidding process goes for getting that house, but if you're playing in the John Deere and you're not, you should try to get it right Now. Trying To do whatever you can to get in that house. You could win it. You could win John Deere. Yeah. Rent. Rent it right now for next year. Man. I'm fucked up off this Necklace. I'll look into it. Yeah, it's good stuff, right? You're probably feeling much better. Yeah. I'm feeling off. Hank, how excited are you for this golf tournament?


We're going to Throw my balls now. I'm Excited. It's gonna be sick. I'm excited. I'm very excited. Also, we're not golfing. I had to break that to Hank today. No, I thought you were No, this was about a video. I thought at one point you were golfing. I knew I wasn't. No, they asked. I thought you were golfing and we were filming. So the, The Tahoe the Chill week, we've always wanted to go to this tournament. There's like a ton of people we want to interview. It's gonna be awesome. But so when we were setting this whole, whole thing up the American century celebrity golf tournament, people had been super, super nice. Were like so pumped to be out there. They asked us if we wanted to play in the ProAm and they're like, what are your handicaps?


And I think we made the right decision. We're like, this is a bad idea because there's gonna be a lot of people standing around and we might kill someone. Yeah. That, that was our big nervous moment when we were thinking about doing the ProAm thing with Brooks last year at the live tour, where they're gonna be people that are potentially standing on the sides of the tee box. Yes. And that's bad. Yeah, That's bad. So we're not golfing, but we will be there. I think we're caddying for a couple of the guys. We're gonna do some videos. We're gonna get some awesome interviews for the awls. Some like really awesome ones. I'm very excited about a bunch of 'em. Are we Allowed to take like celebrity shots? Maybe we can ask. Or The celebrities We can ask. I think I've seen, I've seen people do it. Well the problem is, I don't know what the vibe like, I think guys really wanna win this.


Like our, I thought the stuff you guys are doing is like, the practice round day We are is not like, it's not like, but we wanna win. But Blake Griffin takes golf very seriously. Yeah. I don't think he wants, oh, did you guys see? I saw a TikTok account. They're bringing back, honking in people's back swings and it's so fucking Oh, I love that. Yeah. Jackass jackass. When they bring the air horn up to the golf course, dude, the best. I love it so much. I watched an hour of these tiktoks the other night just guys getting so angry of, and they would just, they would honk in the backswing and, and someone else from the foursome would stand up and they would just like, kind of fake 'em out and they would still honk in their backswing and then they'd drive off.


I Used to do that when I was just driving by the golf course in my hometown when I was like a teenager just got my car. I would just drive by the golf course. Oh. In every hole. I would just lean on the horn. 'cause what are they gonna do? Yeah. They can't, they can't chase you. You don't think it's funny, Hank No, you don't. Which sucks because it is, it's very, it's funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. Like why Can't baseball players, they swing when people are like honking and, and making noise and whistling in their back swing all the time. Why can't a golfer do it? I think people were cheering the whole time. That'd be one thing you can get used to. But the, the silence to Oh, This sucks That you, you are probably the same guy that said it's not cool when people post videos of 'em running over their friends with the golf cart. Those videos are funny. They're very Funny. Are very funny.


Right. Honky in a backs stringing is funny. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I he does, he still, He doesn't think it's Funny. It's funny. But I don't wanna say it's funny than, you know, it happens to you and it's not funny because you Don't think it's No, if it happened to me, it'd be funny. It'd Be like, remember when I was shooting free throws and, and and the kid just yelled out the window, Hank that whatever Patriots fucking suck. Yeah. I miss my free throw. And it was funny. Yeah. Yeah. It was a very funny moment. Yeah. Okay. PFT or who's back? My who's back of the week is Archie Manning. Yeah. Archie Manning's back. This was I believe on Tuesday of last week. Wednesday of last week, the Clear on Ledger posted an article and a tweet and it said, Archie Manning Ole Miss football legend Dad of Eli Peyton, grandfather of Arch is 75.


Yeah. Everybody thought that Archie Manning was dead. I 100% did. When you read that headline you think is dead at 75, and then you go back and you reread the headline and you don't know what the fuck they're talking about with this art. Like why is this an article? Yeah. You have to assume that Arch is 75th birthday is today. No, when you read that plot twist, it's not even his birthday. He turned 75 on May 19th. Yeah. So for some reason they just decided to write an article about his age, his best life accomplishments. Yep. How you know him and then just ended the sentence They, I guess they've been doing this. Oh, this, this one newspaper. Yeah.


And then Florio like took him to task big time like Spider-Man Meme. Yeah. So Florio has never pronounced anybody dead. Mike Florio announced that Terry Bradshaw died 12 years ago. Listen, It's the Kevin Durant clickbait game. It Is. What are you gonna do? You gotta get the clicks. But it was a very, it was a very funny headline because everybody thought that Archie Manning was dead for a second then 100% Thought he died And that he is not dead. And listen, I don't want to get into talking about John Cena. He did announce that he was retiring from wrestling in the rank. He did. but it would be cool If, you were Archie Manning, just, you'd probably get some people saying nice things about you and they're like, oh shit, he's still alive.


Yeah. I stand by that take. Do you think that if we had John C on at some point in the next year, which I think he's doing a year long retirement ceremony, if we're like, Hey, like you think LeBron will retire, he would say, that's not funny to me. I, some people just retired recently. I'm going through that myself. Do We wanna get it back on the show? Sure. Yeah. John Cena. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I, I think John Cena's, one of those guests that we have on every like four years, just enough time passes that he just forgets that we exist and then he comes back on. He is like, oh, these guys, If he comes back on, we will definitely ask him how cool it was when people thought that you were dead for a second.


Yes. That Is a promise. We'll run it back. We'll run it Back and we'll see what his rea it might be totally different. Yeah. Because He, well, unless he has someone die. Yeah. We gotta make sure that everyone around him safe. Yeah. But I definitely want John Cena back on 'cause Yeah, he's, he's in that list of like, I don't think he has any idea who we are. Although that one time he did wanna fuck my belly button. Yeah. but it enough time passes where he is like, yeah, I'll do this podcast. He also, and he doesn't realize till he is in the interview where he is like, shit, these guys again, He does so much media too that Right. There's a good chance that he might just forget. Okay, we're gonna try to get John C on talk about his retirement. Come On the show. John Cena. Yeah. Okay. My who's back of the week? I have two. One is Joey Chestnut still the goat.


So on July 4th, I don't know If you guys watched. I did not. The Nathans I did not. I did not, they didn't have it on in Greece for some reason. The winner who listen, I feel bad for the guy because he basically, like, he didn't ask for this, he just went and won. He had fi he ate 58 hot dogs. Joey Chestnut in 10 minutes, Joey Chestnut did a, an event with the troops. He ate 57 hot dogs in five minutes. That's, that's pretty good. That's pretty impressive. There's an asterisk around, was it Brioni? That One? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Big asterisk. Yeah. I feel bad for him. Like he, that's not his fault. He just went and competed. It does show us, But it sucks because everyone's like, dude, that's not real. Like Joey Chestnut is, is the biggest thief of joy.


Right. We've talked about the, the Tom Brady's of the world, the Patrick Mahomes is that have taken joy away from so many different good quarterbacks and good fan bases. Joey Chestnut is like that for anybody that's ever eaten anything. Yes. Like you'll never, these these other guys are great eaters in their own right. But they're not, and they'll never be known because they're not Joey Chestnut. Yeah. No, it's a fact. Alright. Then my other, who's back is I guess blowing up spots. I dunno, If, you guys saw this headline, but the Daily Mail on July 4th, I'll read a headline. Let's read a headline together. Meet Derek Blasberg, Hollywood Socialite, accused of fleeing Gwyneth Paltrow's Hampton's home after Catastrophic Diarrhea. Who counts?


Jeff Bezos and Demi Morris Pals. So basically Gwyneth Paltrow got on the phone with a Daily Mail after this guy left and said, I want you to put an article about how bad his Diarrhea was. So I don't know if it was Gwyneth Paltrow because it, the whole article basically says, this guy is so connected, but he's not like a, a-list. People don't really know who he is. And apparently the the diarrhea was so bad. The story, just like word of mouth got back to the Daily Mail. It's crazy. But he got, yeah. Look, he, first of all, he blamed, he tried to blame Ozempic, which is so funny that he's like, oh, he had ozempic diarrhea. The internet was whipped into a frenzy last week when a blind item in a popular gossip newsletter claimed that Goop founder Paltrow had been faced with cleaning up someone's ozempic induced diarrhea at her home insiders later told daily mail.


Blasberg once described as one of showbiz most well connected men was the culprit And. that he had conveniently blamed the incident on the popular weight loss wonder drug before allegedly fleeing the property. And then it goes on to say it's not ozempic. That's just what he told everyone. The insider said before revealing how the secret made it way through the Hampton Set ready for this. Gwyneth told Oprah, Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld and Larry David. And then it went from there somehow through the grapevine to, so this guy's diarrhea was the talk of the town. This is crazy. So this guy, Derek Blasberg, he has, he has interacted with Gwyneth Paltrow in the past Online.


They're friends. They're Friends. And that he's saying, they're saying now it was not Ozempic related. No, they're saying it's not Ozempic related. And then it basically became the talk of the town in the Hamptons. And then finally it ended up on the front page of the Daily Mail on July 4th just blowing up this guy's spot. Yeah, he, the guy is the, the guy's weird. The, they talked about Gwyneth Paltrow meeting him for the first time and Paltrow admitted she had questioned if Blasberg was simply a professional hanger on, when I first met him, I was a little dubious. I was like, are you a professional best friend of celebrities and why are you everywhere at once? What's your deal? After 10 seconds, I fell completely in love with him.


Sounds like she just fell for the professional hanger on, she admitted exactly that. She was like, this guy is a professional best friend of celebrities. Oh my God, I love him. This guy's got, we go diarrhea in my house. This guy's got 245,000 Twitter followers I would assume. And now he's just diarrhea guy. Now he's diarrhea guy. Like You could do everything you could, you could have all these friends. You could write, I think he's a journalist. You could write a book, but you do one bad diarrhea in Gwyneth Paltrow's house. Your diarrhea guy, Derek Blasberg diarrhea guy. Maybe If this Derek Blasberg guy is such a good friend to celebrities, maybe it was somebody else's diarrhea and he's putting his hand up and taking the blame for it. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't know man. Like if, what if it's Gwyneth's diarrhea and he's such a good pal.


I think he's like, just tell Oprah it was mine. But I think, I think he is the exact guy. Like that would be a normal thing for a regular person to do. But if his job is to be a professional hanger on you, you have to be like, diarrhea could ruin my whole career. You don't wanna be known as the guy that you can't invite over to your house. He's got diarrhea and now he's diarrhea guy like forever. Has he made any comment about this? No, But I really want him to because I was thinking about it more. This sounds like a notes app. I think there are definitely some crimes that you could come back from faster than diarrhea and Gwyneth Paltrow's House. Yeah. I mean Marion Barry was arrested for smoking crack. Yeah. And then he got elected mayor of DC And he like Dr. Small drug paraphernalia.


Yeah. Don't drink and drive. But A DUI like Justin Timberlake. Is that, that's gonna be blip on the radar. He's not gonna be DUI guy. I even say robbing a bank is kind of cool. Tax fraud. Yeah. All these things you can definitely bounce back faster than diarrhea and Gwyneth Paltrow's House and she had to clean it up. She had to clean it up herself. I'm gonna go to his website, Cofounder Gwyneth Paltrow. I'm gonna go to his website and see what he advertises here. I mean, if I were him, I would just put on my own website, which is derek plas.com. I do not have diarrhea. Right? Not I, the diarrhea is fake news. There was no diarrhea. And if there were diarrhea, it was Ozempic diarrhea.


'cause that, because I, it's clear he is ashamed of it. If he's blaming Ozempic this, This sounds like he might, Which is also just kind of a fuck. Think about that. It's like a fucked up just comment on our society that the guy was like, oh, it was, he's not even overweight. And he's like, yeah, it's the weight loss drug I'm taking that caused the diarrhea. And no one was like, Hey, why are you doing that? They're just like, nah dude. That was your diarrhea. This guy also might be paid by Manjaro. True. To say that Ozempic gives you true such bad diarrhea. That true Gwyneth Paltrow will tell Oprah about it. True. And it's, it's pretty fucked up this story. 'cause then they just had like pictures of him and his partner and like their two kids being like, Blas Blasberg welcomed his two children a couple years ago and it's the name of his kids in, in the Diarrhea article.


You can also have diarrhea and then not make somebody else clean it up. That's, that's the bad part. Yeah. Are we thinking just real bad stained porcelain like got it all, All over the place. Oh, I assumed that it was in the bed That he shit the bed Up. I think he shit the bed. I don't think this was a, a bathroom thing. I think this was a, a bed thing. He crapped in the bed and then Gwyneth had to clean it up All the way to the bathroom and then he just left. He hightailed it outta there. Man. Derrick, come on the show. Yeah, please come on the show. We won't call you. We'll introduce you as Diarrhea guy. Diarrhea boy. We'll not call you Diarrhea guy after that. We'll call you DG Max. Do you have a, who's back? Not really. Caleb.


Martin NASCAR. Caleb Martin. Also Anthony Na. Anthony Edwards being being the best. Yeah. Yeah. That Clip where he said he is the number one Option in the USA team. Yeah. That was NASCAR is back though. We went to the race. It was awesome. It did Rain also had one of the weirdest interactions Hank and I did. So we were at this thing beforehand, PFT, that was like a bunch of like athletes, celebrities, whatever. And Steve, which are always fun when it's random, like Superbowl party when it's, yeah, it was very random, just bumping into people. It was random. Like we bumped into like Dana White was there. It was like, can we go to the Total Chaos? Yeah. But anyway, we see Steven Colletti from Laguna Beach Fame and we're like, we gotta go.


We gotta go say what's up. Yeah. I got excited before we could even say what's up. He went up to Hank and was like, Hey Hank. That's cool. So He's a PMT listener. Oh, shout out him. Sorry. He was a PMT Listener until I Went up to him and I was like, Hey, what's up man? He's like, Hey, Big Cat. And I was like, Hey, just so you know, I'm a J guy. And he was like, okay, that like I, I dated Chris and Cavalier like 20 years before. Yeah. And I was like, yeah, but I wanted it that clear that I'm a J guy From the get go. And it was so Awkward. He was a good sport about it, but it was awkward. That was, that was such a moment in time. Yeah. The Laguna Beach era. I just listen, I'm loyal. I'm a loyal guy. Yeah. It always wanna be loyal to my guys that, I mean obviously there's A, a lot of interactions we have with a lot of famous people, but it's always the people that, you know, when I was younger, like when I watched Laguna Beach, I was like 11.


So walking past him and him being like, what's up Hank? Yeah. I literally thought it was a different person's, a guy. I thought this was Steven, but it, the fact that he's talking to me means it can't be Steven. Steven If you're listening to this right now. I apologize I had to do that. I have no regrets. But I apologize for making it awkward. Thank you for listening. You're a cool guy. You're also a very good looking guy. We also were told this is not our finest moment. Someone told us that CT of challenge fame was there and Hank and I both just started like going around like, like, like fucking drug dogs looking for. We was just looking for him everywhere. Where is he? Where is he? Didn't find him.


No. Couldn't find him. Couldn't Find him. I kept hoping like I was walking, being like, I, Is he the guy that got backpacked? He No backpack. He Hawk. Come on PFT. I don't know. I I never watched Challenge Say, you're sick. He's sick. He's sick. I never watched the Challenge. He's Sick. Did CT get backpack and then what? No. CT backpacked Johnny Bananas. Oh, I thought Johnny Bananas. And He tried to eat Adam's brains. Oh, I thought that. I thought Johnny Bananas backpack CT One. There's one season where I Got ball sacked. There's one season where CT was just, he clearly, I, I don't think it was even right head space. He didn't want to be there. And he just beat the fuck outta the smallest guy within like the first five minutes of the season and got kicked out. He is like, I'm gonna eat your brains. You know what would be good? Mount Rushmore is Mount Rushmore of like celebrities that you had when you were younger that are just definitely not really celebrities to most people.


Yeah, No. So cts Yeah, CT for sure is a celebrity That the, the beer games made me think about that show and how, like what we did for the beer games was similar to those shows where they would just get fucked up, but like it would just all play out. Yeah. They were getting like, imagine like, 'cause those fights and like Yeah. You know those scenes where you're watching like, how are these guys saying this and how is this happening every night that they're getting thrown in the pool and doing All this dumb stuff. They just play with alcohol. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they're just like, they're, they Basically put 'em in the house and then wake up and go do a challenge. They put 'em in a house and they get drunk again. Put no cell Phones, no tv, unlimited alcohol. Go. It's a pretty easy formula. It works Every time. No board Games. They never, they're never playing like Scrabble In the last interaction we had the beef with Joey Logano is still on.


Good. Yeah. Joey s Logano. Yeah. So I went up to him and I was like, Hey, we you block me on Twitter, will you unblock me? He's like, well, what's your pitch for unblocking me? I was like, I actually don't have a pitch If. you unblock me. I'm just gonna tweet you. Joey s Logano. Yeah, that's it. Okay, so I'm not gonna unblock you. He was like, that's fair. The NASCAR driver that came to the studio like a month and a half ago. Was it Chase? Yeah. That sounds right. Was it Chase? He just won the cup. Yeah. Chase. Yeah. So we were playing golf with him in the simulator, and I don't really know that much about NASCAR, so make it small talk. I was like, you know Joey Logano? He's like, yeah. I was like, how much of a dick is he in real life? And he like chuckled. I was like, I hate that guy. That's his like closest teammate. Yeah. Oops. Hand up. They are. But he is slow.


He is slow. The thing about Joey Logano Slowey, he's fucking slow. And I told Ryan Blaney, Ryan Blaney, Ryan Blaney, and I Told him, I said to him, I was like, Hey, when you're in your car today, just think about how slow you are. S Logano, he is slow. And he was dead last for a While because he's slow. Because He was think he was like, damn, I'm slow. That, that that big, that Big Cat guy was probably right. He probably doesn't know my name, but he, that guy who came up to me and asked me to unblock him, he was right. He's Slow. He's very slow. But shout out to NASCAR. We had a great time. We got to walk around the, the pit row. They're, they do a great, great job and they were very welcoming. What do you say, Hank? That was just a cool, it was a cool big event in, in the city. It was like, yeah, It was awesome.


They Were driving the same streets we drive. Yeah, they were, I was driving the street on Friday and I was like, look, I saw the, the fences on the side. I was like, were You doing, were you doing turns? I was like, I think I'm on the NASCAR track. Yeah. And it's fun to pretend that you're driving NASCAR. Oh, we talking to people in the pit Also News that I got, we have, apparently we have two race simulators in this office that are yet to be built. What? Yeah. Yeah. I thought that we couldn't have simulators in this office. Hank I Yeah. I thought they were too big. I thought we were getting one. I think we were getting one. I think we delivered. I think we have two. Yeah. We might be getting one back. What the fuck? Two Spider was like, we gotta build it. But I'm so excited for it. If we get a massive, if like, you know, the US Air Force wants to do a partnership with Barstool.


Yes, yes, yes. Then we will Yes. Build an air Airplane. How many I will, I will sign up. Yeah. I'll enlist in the Air Force if they, if they install, take that back right now. Take that back. That back. No, no, no. I wanna be very clear about what I'm saying. If they install like a, a real world F 22 Raptor flight simulator in this office, I will enlist in the Air Force. Take that back right now. Are you, what are you then going to drop Out? I'm gonna, yeah, I'm gonna go AOL enough. Am I what? Oh yeah. You might be too old. I don't know what the rules are. Shit. I'll try to enlist. I'm tall enough. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know if you're, I think we might be too old. I don't think they'd take us anymore.


That's Kind of why would they? Yeah, Why would they? Whoa. Because I'm an excellent pilot. Oh, this is weird. On my flight back from Greece, we land and then the, the pilot gets on the speaker, right? And he goes, I want you guys to notice that awesome landing that was just pulled off by our, our cap, our co-captain on this flight. He's my son. Oh. This was our first father's son flight. It was like a little LeBron Brony. Yeah. A little nepotist. Oh no, you're good baby. You got three years. Okay, there we go. If we get an F 22 wrapped or flight simulator in this office, I wouldn't enlist in the Air Force has to be full. They take 39 year Olds. 17 to 42 Air Force. Fuck yeah. Wow. Army 17 to 35 Coast Guard.


17 to 41. Yeah. I'll dude, if it flies, it dies. Okay, let's get a simulator. Yeah, we have a, we have a racing simulator coming up. Marine 1728. That Makes sense. That makes sense. That makes sense.


Okay, let's get to our interview with Joe Burrow. This interview is brought to you by BODYARMOR Sports drinks, real hydration, real ingredients packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing artificial BODYARMOR sports drinks has all your hydration needs covered. Sports drinks, light, zero sugar flash iv. And of course, sport water BODYARMOR sports drinks are available at all major retailers, Walmart, Amazon, et cetera. Go get BODYARMOR right now. It's the greatest drink ever created.


Okay. Here he is. Joe Burrow. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. One of our good friends. You can't tell this history of Pardon My Take without this man. It is Joe Burrow Cincinnati Bengals quarterback, first of all, great to see you, Joe. Guys, it's Been too long. Yes. Has I actually want to compliment you at first because I think it's, I think we haven't had you on since 2022. So before we do interviews, I always try to like look and see if someone's on another podcast. You basically only do this podcast. You did one other I done, I've done one other podcast. Yeah. But I have gone off the podcast train for a while.


Yeah. You're ride or Die. I think I've done your guys' podcast. This would be the third time. Yeah, this would Be the third time. Yeah. And I think I've done a total of four, So I just wanted say I see it and I appreciate it very much. Go welcome home. Yes. Absolutely. Also, I wanna compliment you, I don't know if the camera caught this, but right when the interview started, Joe fix his hair and then, and then that the thing Superman fell naturally. Does your, does your hair thing fall down naturally? It Does. Yeah. Get outta the shower. I push it all back and then that thing goes right there. It goes Rogue. That's very cool. Yes. So we were gonna interview Orlando Brown before you. We didn't get a chance to do that. So I'm gonna ask you the first question I was gonna ask to Orlando Brown. Oh good. This is good. This is a good interview check. Yeah.


Has Joe gotten too Hollywood now? He's in fashion Shows in Paris. Some might say I've gone Hollywood. I went Hollywood for a week. Yeah. And now it's time to walk in football. Yeah. Yeah. So I think I'm allowed one week of Hollywood if that's Yeah, I think so. I actually respected your answer when you said, I'm trying to get out of my comfort zone a little bit. Yeah. Try something new. It's Definitely outta my comfort Zone. Well, does that just mean that that isn't Paris? That's just wearing suits with no back? That's, is that what that Is? That's all the above, man. You think it's all the above? Are the bros gonna be wearing backless suits? I think so. I think backless suits are in Good. I'm in. I'll wear one. I Think you guys should wear backless suits. Yeah. For some whatever event you guys have next If you the take If Yeah, maybe the takey.


Yeah, it Sounds good. It doesn't even have to be, can you just cut it back out of a suit? You don't even have to like, make it tailored. Yeah. Just cut it. It Is showing your range that you were, what was that? Was it Paris Fashion Week? It was, It was Vogue World Fashion Show. Yeah. And. that Paris Fashion Week. And. that was to Pardon. My Take. Yeah. Two of the, the highest of high class. Yes, I agree. High society. Yeah. Wait, so what happened when you showed, did you know you were wearing a backless Suit? I showed up and they gave it to me and I said, sure. Why not? Okay. That's, that's cool. Yeah. Have, have you been roasted any group chats with the boys? I've been roasted in just about every group chat I could possibly be roasted in. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But you did look cool when you did it. Yeah, I did look cool. And I was fully prepared for all of the criticism and roasting.


I knew it was coming my way. Yeah. Listen, I I'm just gonna throw this out there. If. you ever need us, like, we could be like a tag team partner. You tag us in, you just throw us in your group chat for like a day and we just roast back and then you can kick us Out. I'm all for it. Yeah. Yeah. You don't, you don't even have to say actually look cool. You don't even have to say who it is, just like, bring in a new number and then let that person go to town until they kick us out. Yeah. Which back The suits are in. I don't know. If, you guys are losers for not realizing. I'm with that Big time. Alright, so I read a, a report that you are that, that you are bigger and stronger than in years past, Correct. You Are? Yes. How much bigger and stronger? 10, 15 pounds ish. Okay. Yeah. Stronger. Stronger. How Quantify Quantify?


I, you tell me. How do you want me to quantify it? You Look so strong. How many pushups can you Do? I? Haven't done any pushups with my wrist this year. Okay. Okay. All all right. Fair bad question by me. Squats. Squats. Yeah. I could squat a little more. How Much stronger do you feel? I feel a lot stronger. Like If, you were a hundred percent strong two years ago. What are you now? 120% strong. Wow. That's good. Joe Burrow. So that's the headline right there. Joe Burrow feels 120% strong. There you go. That's Good. Yeah. There was, there was a moment a couple months ago when I feel like half the internet got tricked and they thought that you had really long hair. I know. I wish I had that here. Remember that? I don't have the patience for that hair. Yeah. I was like, do these people not see pictures of Joe Burrow where they know that his hair was never in like that in between phase?


Yeah. I think he just showed up one day with a, with like a Beatles haircut. Yeah. I Would've, I could've got some extensions I guess. But that was pretty sick mullet. Yeah, it was, it, it did look good on, was it the Star Wars haircut? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was good. But I was also shocked by how dumb people online were to get, everyone felt like legitimate news breaking NFL accounts were like, wow, look at this new look. There's A lot, lots of lies about me out there, I would say. Yeah. What, what do you think the biggest lie about you is? Well, I had a bunch of people hit me up this week asking me if I was turning 30 this year. Oh. And that's just not even close. How How old are you? I'm 27. Okay. Yeah, because this happens to us. People call us 40 and we're actually 39 and a half. Yeah.


It's completely different. So It's way, it's crazy that people would do that to you. I wonder how that rumor got started. Did you know that Joe Burrow is 30? Yeah. I Don't know. I Probably, it's probably a rival fan base because I've been thinking about like Jordan Love. I, I obviously hate the Packers, but I've been thinking about just saying Jordan Love is about to turn 30 because he's like, he's about, I think he's in his fourth year. He's in my class. Yeah. Right. So I, I think I could get away with that just being like, yeah, If, you wanna sign a guy Bud beats in turn 30. You can Get away with just about anything on Twitter these days. I Would say. Yeah. Well also he's, he went to school in Utah in the States. So some people might be like, oh, he probably went on his mission overseas. Yeah. Right. He's 32 years old. Right. Okay. Yeah. Jordan Love is actually 32 years old. Wait, it's your 27. When's your, your birthday?


December. Okay. So yeah, you're gonna be 27 for the majority of the season. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty good. You're still And quarterbacks come on. 27 is young. I I Got a good 10 15, I would say. Oh, left in Me. Is that, is that the plan? Like 15 years? 1542. See How the, see how the career plays out until then. Yeah. So I, I saw an interview of you where you said that you were thinking about maybe trying to join the USA flag Football Olympic team. Yeah. That'd be sick, wouldn't it? Yes. We need you because we just lost to Japan. Who, what The US lost to Japan. In what? In football flag football today? No, we didn't. I think it was real Football. It was, was it real football? I think It might have been real football. So the World's catching up. So I think it was like 41 to 20. They, they kicked our ass. Wow. Yeah. So we That's a real, that's real.


Yes, I think so. Okay. We also could use it in handball. If, you wanna do that? I'll stick to the football. The football shaped. Okay. Because handball, you dominate. Yeah. I don't know the rules of handball, but it's literally a confident I could pick it up. Yeah. You throw it in a goal. It's water polo without Yes. Horses. Yeah. And, and we have a long feud with the handball community because they're like, you no chance could us win. I'm like, dude. Yes. Joe, Burrow could, could be an awesome handball Player. Yeah. If, if all the best athletes just trained handball from when they were five. Right. Exactly. Like LeBron, not even, I think LeBron and Yeah. KD and Miles Garrett playing handball. Yeah. They actually call traveling in handball. So LeBron, maybe not, but yeah. Miles Garrett. I feel like that dude could do just about any sport.


Oh, I got, I got the biggest lie I told about you people use you as the NBA to N-F-L-N-F-L to NBA debate. They're like, Joe Burrow could drop 20 because I think you might've said that I could spot up in the corner and hiss some threes. Yes. Okay. I'm not guarding those guys and I'm not dribbling and they're gonna steal it from me. But I could play with LeBron and stand in the corner and stand In the corner. Shoot a couple threes. Yeah. So, if you have to bring the ball up, it might be a problem. That would be a problem. Defense. I mean, I could play great team defense. Okay. But I'm not That's Good zone individual Defense. I'm very confident in Your defense. Yeah. Like I'll get everybody situated in the two three zone, but call out picks. Yes. Like I'll be standing in the corner guarding the guy in the corner.


Yep. And then I'll go to the other corner and do my thing in that corner and hit a shot. I still corner to corner. Yeah. I did notice that you got a small look in your eye when you, when you found out that we lost to Japan. Like I think you really wanna play for the Olympic team. I think that's point. Yeah. I really wanna play for the Olympic flag football team. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be awesome. Like me, Jamar, Justin. Now you're just naming your friends. Yeah. Me and my friends out there playing flag football. Well, It's funny because if Joe's a guy that could be like, yeah, me and like my best friends could beat anybody in the world in football. That's true. Which is a cool thing to say. That's a Very cool thing to say. That'd be, I think it'd be really cool. Yeah. Yeah. I think you can do it. I mean, I, I, we can't lose, we can't lose the gold medal the first time that we have that in the Olympics. It just can't happen.


You That would be embarrassing. I, I had another question for Orlando here. Orlando, who's the best quarterback that you've ever played For? So he is played for Lamar, Patrick Holmes, Joe and Patrick Ma Holmes. Patrick Holmes And Joe Time will tell. Yeah. That's a fair answer. I Like that answer. Are Do I. So do you think people have forgotten about Joe? Burrow? I believe that. Yeah. That's what happens when you get hurt though. You don't play football, people forget about you. Yeah. Which I kind of, I like the spot you're in right now. 'cause I feel like I love the spot. I'm Yeah. Like a FC everyone's like, oh well, you know, you know Josh Lamar and Patrick CJ Stroud's, like, you're forgetting one guy. Yeah. There. I, I agree. Yeah. But again, that's part of the game.


You don't, if you're not out there and people aren't watching you, then there's nothing to talk about. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm gonna give people to talk about something to talk about this year. Well, I'm excited about, I I feel like the spot that you were in last year must've been tough for you because you, I don't know how involved you were with the team as you're on the sidelines, but being in that situation where your team's playing meaningful games and you just wanna be out there and you're just like chomping at the bit unable to be there. I feel like that has to take a small toll mentally at least. Right? Yeah. Very Difficult. But I would say, you know, this injury was different than my previous ones because, you know, it was my wrist, so I was like, I couldn't throw and I couldn't do my job, but I could still grind in the weight room and get all my workouts in.


And so my off season started, you know, 10 to 12 weeks earlier than everybody else's. And so I think that gives me kind of a leg up on the year. But definitely watching your guys go out there and play meaningful football is tough. But I was excited for Jake because Great family, great Move by you. Great family. If you sweet up. Yeah. So That, that was a great sweet Girlfriend. I'm not using it, so why would Yeah. I not give it to him. No, no. You did America a favor. That Was one of those moments. Wonderful. We forget that we actually have a big podcast because we, we complimented Jake's lovely girlfriend and then I was like, I wonder if he's a fan. And then I, he, I saw he followed us. I was like, Hey man, great game.


He was like, yeah, I'm a listener. He was Day one I guys Okay. No, we were, we were very nice. Yeah, we were very polite. We were appropriate. Okay. But that was nice of you to give him the sweet, I'm sure. Yeah. Yeah. Why Not? So we, we talked about this before we sat down, but this is the day after Beer Olympics. I mean, Big Cat are sweating out Coors Light. Right now we're replenishing with BODYARMOR, which is great. Shut our BODYARMOR and we're getting very hydrated. But every time we interview it feels like we are at death store. The first time. We definitely were, well maybe not quite, because I was still feeling pretty good from the night before. Yeah. but We weren't. Yes. You remember pf t's question that went nowhere. It was, It was a great, I was actually trying to remember that on the way over. And I was like, how awesome was it that this year you just like beat every team and you just, you just destroyed every team.


But in the true spirit of that, I asked Hank to write a question for this interview because, because he's hurting Hank is like a hundred times worse than we are right now. And it took Hank an hour and a half. I had to remind him constantly, like, Hey, you gotta get a question to me. Took him an hour and a half and this is the question that he came up with. And it's not even a question. It's just like, Joe Burrow likes to sit crisscross applesauce. Yeah. That's comfortable. So that's, that's Hank That's Hank's questions question. That's Hank's comment. Yeah. Yeah. So you like crisscross applesauce? That's Comment. I'm pro. Yeah. I, that's how I've always kind of sat. It's just my external hip rotation is probably better than most. Okay. And so I don't even know what that means. Crisscross applesauce is comfortable for me. So like, when we're sitting like this does doesn't mean that we have good external.


Oh yeah. You're probably crisscross applesauce guy. I could be, I Just sit like this because I want, you don't look like Chris. You don't Look like a crisscross applesauce. I just want people to think I have big balls so I can't sit like this. But I can sit like this. So you can, I just let everyone know. What do you think about that guy right there, max? Yeah. That's how he sits. Crisscross applesauce. Yeah. He looks like a sumo wrestler. He's our little Big baby. He looks great. What I said at the start though was true. The, the, we can't tell the the story Pardon My Take without Joe Burrow. Because that was, I would say one of the funnest interviews we've ever done. Yeah. And one of those moments that like we point to him as we go through our history and we're like, that was a big break. That was a big break. But getting to interview the Heisman Trophy winner, national Champion Six Hours After, you won a title.


Yeah. Something like that. So I wanna thank you. And also would you do the same If you ever won a Super Bowl? Yeah. Locked in. Sure. Why not? In nice work with Cat. Yeah, that was was good. I got That's Totally right. I got that. I got That. Yeah. I did love how, how in that interview, coach O was still in coach mode and he was like walking around the hotel lobby like screaming at players that they're gonna miss the bus. Yeah. And they're like, we don't care if we miss this bar right now. Yo Joe was not letting anybody miss the bus. Yeah. Yeah. Do you still keep in touch? Oh Hell yeah. Yeah. He's down in, he, he's living in Miami right now doing his thing. Yeah. But yeah, we stay in touch. He is great friend. By the way. I did a bad job of asking that question. Will you come on Pardon My Take the morning after when you win a Super Bowl? Sure. Yes.


Okay. I said if, yeah. Yeah. When you win a Super Bowl. Yeah. When You win a Super Bowl sounds better. I feel like maybe this year we'll just pencil that information. Yeah. Okay. We'll say that. You don't have To say that. Nor we can stay an extra day. Oh, new Orleans Joe's, he's all my God is perfect impetus. It's perfect. Don't even know if that's the right word. What a storyline. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I was also trying to think because we need to, we need to figure out how to recover better as human beings from nights. Like last night. And I remember reading something that you go to bed every night at 8:00 PM during The season, During the season. You During the season. So in the off season you stay up later as a treat. Yeah. Wait, you don't watch Monday Night Football? I do watch Monday Night football, but I'm in bed. Oh, Oh, so you go to bed but you don't go to sleep?


I don't, I don't watch the full game. I'll watch like the first half, but I, okay. I am asleep probably by nine 30. Yeah, okay. Yeah. 'cause in the fall that would make more sense. I was thinking that in the springtime it's like it's fully light outside. You Can't go to bed. No, I mean I'm, I'm up, I've got some gaming nights that I have. Yeah. Yeah. Off season. I'm enjoying life a little more For sure. I'm always jealous of people who can go to bed early. Yeah. It's like a superpower. I mean, I'm pretty dang tired during the season, I would say. Yeah. But still it is a superpower because even if I'm tired, I'm like, I gotta squeeze the last hour out of this day doing nothing. Yeah. That's, And then it hurts me on the other side. It definitely hurts you in the morning. Yeah. Football season's tough for us too. Yeah. but we very tough, but we just, we can't go to bed early. Yeah. So it's probably harder on us than it is On you maybe. Yeah. It's actually way Harder.


What would you say to Ohio State fans that try to claim you? I didn't play football there. I mean I practiced football there, but Did a lot of practicing. I did a lot of practicing and lifting. You Graduated. I graduated. I, I would say, I usually tell people that I went to school at Ohio State and I played football at LSU. That's Good. I like that. I got a lot better from practicing at Ohio State, but I didn't get to play. So I don't really say that I Right. Played there. I think that's a fair answer. I still have relationships there that to this day that I care about in that building, but I didn't play there.


Yeah. Yeah. LSU is your playing home. Yeah. Yeah. Do you feel anything when, when Michigan plays Ohio State? Not, not as much as the LSU rivalries, I would say. Yeah. Yeah. You never lost to Michigan, right? No, we were, we were three and oh when I was there. Yeah. So Interesting. Joe Burrow very Interesting. Never lost to Michigan. Yeah. But that maybe that's what Ohio State fans, you can't claim Joe Burrow. But you could say we never lost with Joe Burrow. That's true. Yeah. Is Jamar Chase open right now? He's always open. Always open. Yeah. Always open. Are you, is there ever a moment where he's like, dude, I'm open. And you're like, I got it. I got I understand. Please stop telling me. I get it. No, I love when receivers come and tell me that they're open. Because if they're open that usually means they are.


So I'm gonna try to throw 'em under the ball. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But he is so, he is always open. I mean, yeah. For the most part. Yeah. He, if he's coming to the sideline and tell me something, I'm gonna listen to that guy and I'm gonna throw him the ball. Yeah. Because it usually works. Yeah. Yeah. That's how we work on this podcast. I'm big cat's always open. I'm open so I can, I can kick it right now to Big Cat And I could be like, yeah. Hey Joe, remember when you said that players should taunt? I agree with you. Why can't, I don't really understand. Always open. I think if you're getting paid to play football, you can taunt. I'm all for not taunting in college and high school. Yep. But Once you get paid to play, I think we should be able to taunt and nobody's gonna get their feelings hurt.


Like we're all big boys, we're gonna be okay. Yeah. And if you're in the locker room and you hear the stuff we say to each other in there, it is a million times worse than like pointing at a guy and being like, ha, first down. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Like We're, that, that's the part I think a lot of the media misses is like a locker room. When you go through the, the trials and tribulations of a football season. Like it's, it's not a regular, you're not going to a nine to five work job. Yeah. And I always get upset with the anti antes where I'm like, you're asking these guys to put their bodies on the line, play a super physical game, an emotional game. And none of these guys know how long their gonna be.


Why can't they get the most out of it in every way? I agree. And there you don't see all like the little interactions that you have with other players throughout the game that can kind of build tension. And so like people are talking shit the whole game that you don't see. And so when you make a play on that guy, just like if you're playing backyard basketball and somebody's talking shit to you, you're gonna taunt that guy If you score on him. Yeah. Like I'm gonna taunt somebody if he's talking shit and then I go make a good play and I'll give you a quick story. So when we won, we beat the Chiefs in 2021 in the A FFC championship. I posted a picture, cardiac glass says I won Compete at you Lil baby.


Shout out Lil Baby. And then the next year Chris Jones gets a sack to basically pinch the game and he runs up to me after and yells cardio glasses. I wanna even peek at you. Yeah. And I was, I just smiled and like backed him up. I was like, you got me. That's awesome. That's great. I love that shit. Right. Like why not? Or like Give, didn't take it. Yeah. When Angel Reese did that to Caitlyn Clark that you can't see me. Yes. That's great. When you use somebody's own to against them, that's good. Yes. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. It's, that's what sports is all about. That's why, That's what sports is all about. Yeah. Right. That's why going to Texas sucks. 'cause everyone's just gonna horns down here. You Just open yourself up. I don't know why they get so offended About that. It, it only makes it worse. Yeah. It only makes it worse because it's like, and it makes us wanna do it even more. Yeah. This Bothers me. Okay. Horns down again. They, They like had the big 12 write it specifically into their rule book.


Yeah. That's weird. They can't do horns down. That's weird. They were doing horns down and we played 'em. Yeah. And I feel like in the S-E-C-I-I have an idea that the SEC is not gonna cater everything towards Texas football. Correct. Big 12 used to it. Correct. I sure hope they don't ban horns down in the SC. Yeah. Now when a receiver spins the ball after making a catch, now that's taunting. Well they throw their hands, arrest that guy, throw 'em outta the game. That was the funniest when Roger Gade was like, the spinning of the ball is now a 15 yard penalty. Yeah. Said Dude, shut the fuck Out. That was, when was that? It was I feel like 10 years ago maybe. Oh, long Time ago. Okay. Remember when Randy Moss, fake moon, the crowd. Oh yeah. Disgusting act. You give Joe disgusting about that to this day. Is that Joe Bot? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He gets mad at when bring it up. Disgusting. Yeah. Disgusting Act.


He admits that that was like his, his biggest misstep in the booth. He really regrets saying that. But it's very funny that his biggest regret is like making fun of a guy taking his pants off. Yeah. I think I might, maybe if I get a rushing touchdown this year, I might bring back the fake moon. That Would be awesome. Yes. It's gotta be on the road though. That Would be awesome. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do it against Pittsburgh. Okay. Oh, do it Against Pittsburgh. Yeah. Oh, speaking of Pittsburgh. Well, Yeah, hold on. I had one question about the, the taunting real quick. I heard you say once that you don't, you won't start the shit talking, but if someone shit talks to you, you'll, you'll go back at them. Yeah. I don't usually start it. Have There been games where they're just no one ever shit talk you. Yeah. Definitely. Does that not like, do you, do you find yourself missing like a little edge?


Yeah. It's not quite as fun. Right. Without shit talk. I Wish shouldn't have done this. 'cause now people are gonna just never shit talk. You, you might have to change your policy. You might have to start shit talking first. The thing is, I Don't, sometimes I don't know what to say first. Yeah. Like and not great at like coming up with should talk to say on the fly. But if somebody says to me then I can I get my wheels turning a little bit. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I mean and at what point does the line cross between just like saying Oh yeah. After a play and then shit talk. Yeah. Well if, if I start it and then they don't say anything back to me, I kinda just feel like a dick. Yeah. Yeah. And 'cause it's gotta be a two-way street. I can't just be out there like spouting nonsense to the world.


Yeah. I would say. Yeah. I got a very important question for you. Do you have Aura? I don't know what that means. Yep. That means you do Dude, he has, that was A perfect answer to it. Joe. Burr's got the most a you have the aura. Okay. Yeah. You, whatever you say. Yeah. You you say I got it. I got it. You're doing It more. You, this is more aura. You're, you're getting out a, you're spitting out Aura at us right now. Okay. Stop. That's too much aura. Yeah. No, I think, I think Joe's one guy that you can say in the NFL that's an aura guy dude. Definitive Aura. You know it when you see it, right? Jayden Daniels aura. Yeah, I would agree. Yeah. Yeah. You like Jay Daniels? I like Daniels. Think he's gonna be a Good quarterback. Yeah. I think he's gonna be really good. I like his motion. Ooh. Oh, I like that. Did you see his elbow though? Mm. There was a picture of his elbow. He had, I don't know if it was bursitis or whatever. Mm.


It was like all funky looking, but I'm, I'm excited to have him. 'cause I always, I always go back to a, a Miami Dolphins, Washington football team. Two point conversion back the year before you were drafted. Yeah. And if we had lost that game, we would've drafted Joe Burrow to the Washington commanders. Yeah. And. that And that big sliding my life would've been so awesome. Your life may be not so great. Just I know you don't like that field. I got hurt on that field. Yeah. Yeah. And I don't like that Field, but that field has been the site of a lot of major Injuries, which Yes. Alex Smith, Which is, what are your thoughts on that? The field needs to go. Yeah. I'm anti that. I, I Remember the grasp being Great. So the grass is good, but sometimes they do this thing where they just spray a kitty litter down on it and then they spray paint the kitty litter.


Yeah. They do that in Pittsburgh because All right, Jerry, come on over Pit sometimes the pan, the college team Pittsburgh plays on Saturday. Yep. Yeah. And. then we get there on Sunday and we're like, what is all this sand? Right? Yeah. I guess it's kitty litter. Yeah. I hope it's not. But same Low class, low class field, low class organization. Jerry? I said It. No, but if you're ever interested in coming to Washington, we'd be, we'd love to have you. Alright Jerry, so Jersey Jerry, diehard Steelers fan. He said he has two questions. He said the third question he couldn't ask. Yeah. I'm not gonna ask the third one. Okay. I just don't think it'll fly. Okay. Alright. Let me read it. Do you have it? I Think you, should I delete that? No. Oh, you deleted it. Okay. You can type it when you go back.


You whispered to me, whispered to me real quick. No, you can't ask that question. Okay. Ask me after. Ask me after this. I'm protecting you. Yeah, yeah. Alright, Here we go. And thank you PFT and Big Cat for flying me out here for this. When you played the, You were with us yesterday. We didn't fly. You specifically Went home yesterday. You I know, but you were with us. Okay. And we flew him out. Yeah. Alright. Joe, when you play the Steelers, can you feel TJ Watt's presence on the outside? And if so, what does it feel like? Yeah, I can definitely feel TJ is a unique player in this league. There's no other defensive lineman that I have to treat like a db.


Like I have to be conscious about where he's at because he's just gonna jump up and catch it. Yeah. And there's nobody else that can do that. Yeah. So Would you say he's like, is he more of a threat than Miles Garrett, you would say? I mean, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna fair, Fair, fair. He just stays around Miles lives in His, it's just a different fair. You have to be alert for him in the past game, which is very unique I would say. I I take the compliment. I love that I am a but Jake's question was literally, what's it like feeling TJ Watt behind you? Yeah. Yes. And my Last question is, that's actually a good question. I think. Okay. Would you rather win the Super Bowl this year? You play like shit in it, but you never play football again.


Or go to the Super Bowl for the next five years. You lose every time the Super Bowl, but you win five straight MVP awards. Ooh. Wait. He can't play football after He wins The Snow. His career is done. I'm one and done. That's it. That's fucked Up. But it's the next five years and then I can continue to play after that. No, no, no, No, no. You're saying he's done playing football. Done Playing football for good. But you go out win the Super Bowl. Wait j it's not like nothing happened to him. I win five straight MVPs and then I could go out the sixth year and win the Super Bowl. Yes. A tough one. That tough. That is tough. It's basically guaranteed Super Bowl have to retire 28 or 31.


Nobody, he doesn't have to Retire. No, he doesn't have to retire then still Win a Super Bowl. Nobodys 30. I'm Gonna, I'm gonna bet on myself in that sixth year and take the I love That love. That's good answer. That's good Answer. Yeah. Thank you Jeff. That's a good answer. Oh, do you want to, do you want a game with him? At what? What games do you play? Yeah. What Game? Yeah, we play Call Duty. I mean Game in mu No, I don't play Call of Duty. Come on Jerry. There's too many, there's too many. Like I'll hop on there. I'm a right shield guy. Oh my God. Those are the worst guys. So I can't, I can't shoot with anybody on that game because I'll hop on like once every couple weeks and everybody's already grinded like 38 straight hours. Yeah. Yeah. And I get, they know all the camping spots and they know all the head glitches and so I get killed. Like I get spawn killed and then I just get demoralized and I don't play. But I haven't been playing this one because I got to level 55.


And then there's an unlock challenge to unlock the riot shield. Yes. And I can't do the unlock challenge. To unlock the riot shield. And then I gave up. Fair. But would you game with Jerry If? you guys, what'd you game? Yeah, I'd game with you. Yeah. Alright. Love that. Alright. You you'd game with him? Yeah, a hundred percent. Yeah. Okay. So I asked that specifically because before we got here, I said, are you gonna ask Joe If you if he'd game with you? And, and Jerry said, I I'll never, I'll never game with a, a Bengal. No. And then the minute he's in front of your face, he's like, he's like, oh yeah, I'll game with you. It's, it's, that tune changed very quickly. He was like adamant like, I'll never game with Joe, Bro. That's right. What, what other games do you play? Really the only game I'm playing right now is we, my friends from home play Pro clubs on fifa.


Okay. Star Wars, Battlefront two. I've been playing a little bit. That's kind of it. Yeah. Is that like what you do to unwind? Used to be not much anymore. Yeah. Yeah. Are you getting more comfortable being famous? I am. I would say so. Think it's, I think more as well. It's very Difficult. Yeah. Sometimes. But I'm starting to just like, I'm not really give a shit anymore, which I think is good. And it's just a very odd life. And so I'm starting to just starting to be a little more open because it came, it became exhausting to try to keep as many things private as I wanted to.


Yeah. So I'm getting better at it. Yeah. I mean, I, I I can sense that you are, it's also I always like appreciated that you kind of were open. You're like, yeah. Being famous is weird. Yeah. 'cause a lot of people are famous. Like, this is the best thing ever. It's like, it can't be the best thing Ever. Well, so I wear sunglasses indoors because I'm a people watcher. Yep. And now when I, people watch everybody's looking at me, so I make eye contact with everybody in the room. Yeah. Yeah. And that is just the weirdest thing. Yeah. Yeah. And. that is weird. Then like every time you look around you get that like jump in your stomach of looking. Yeah. Why are you looking at me over There? Yeah. Yeah. That's why We're looking dying the corner indoor too. Yeah. We get the, we get the people, people watch us. Yeah. I we we have, you have infinite more fame than us.


Ours is more like, what's that freak doing? Or he should, he should not be Here. The best way I ever described it is every bar we ever walk into is a gay bar just for us. That's it. Yeah. Every dude turns around and every girl's like, who the fuck I, I, I Do I do empathize with women and understand what they must go through sometimes. Yes. Yeah. I I'd say the same thing. I sometimes feel like a hot chick. Yeah. When I go out. Yeah. Yeah. Because, because Everyone just turns because guys are just looking at me. Oh Yeah. Joe Burrow is here. Yeah. You're like, yeah. But you in that equation, you're like a New York 10 where like a Yeah. Indianapolis five. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. but it whatever you say. And the Girls in our situation are like, who are these losers? Yeah. I would imagine the girls in your situation are like, Joe. Burrow, we marry. Yeah. A little Different. Yeah. It is weird though when you talk about fame.


I don't think that the human brain was ever set up to have millions of other people have opinions about you. No. Right. So there's nothing in, in human history where millions of people could even know your name. And now you've got like enemies, you've got haters, you've got people that love you that have never met you. And it's, it can be very, very overwhelming. Yes. To be able to process that. And the fact that you've reached the point where you realize, you understand, I don't have to give a shit about any of this is a big thing. Yeah. I think it's a, it's a cool step to make also. You're not that active on social media, I don't think. Yeah. I don't. So that helps really enjoy that part. Very smart. I'm starting to be a little more active I would say, because I was pretty active back in the day.


Like in high school I would make some like funny tweets or some funny vines taking pictures when Vine was a picture In a Cleveland Cavs jersey. Yeah. Like something like that. That's A great picture. And so I'm starting to do a little more of that because I kind of enjoyed that. But I just stopped because like social media is weird when you're in my position. Yeah. 'cause no matter what you say, everyone's be like, oh that's like there be a Fuck Group. People be like, yeah, what the fuck? Yes. But I would also say, I can tell or I can see why some people go crazy. Yeah. Especially like people that get famous when they're like 12 or like 13 or 14. Yes. And I empathize with that. I Say Yeah.


Yeah. I mean I think that also your perspective is probably a lot based on your path because you went to Ohio State and you weren't the starter and you got to live that. And then you, you know, obviously blew up at LSU, but you got to see both sides. Where If, you had gone to Ohio State and was a Heisman Trophy winner of your first year. Yeah. You might have a different perspective For it. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't be the person I'm today, that's for sure. Yeah. I got to live the backup quarterback lifestyle back then. And. that was fun. Got that outta my system and then I was able to walk in. Yeah. Yeah. Startings a lot more fun. I would A lot More fun. I would love to be a backup though. I would love to be. It seems backup like It, I mean it was pretty fun for a couple years. Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to be a third string it. Yeah. I wasn't chance. I You don't have to be that Prepared.


Yeah, Yeah. Right. Because you're really like, if If, you get to the third string, everyone's like, well, we're gonna suck anyway. Yeah. I wouldn't say I was super happy. Yeah. But I did have fun. Yeah. I Would say Yes. Yeah. Yes. And so when you say that you've been getting more active on social media, I saw that you, you did your first dump. Yes. Your first photo dump. Yeah. Which is a big, yeah, that would be fun. I'm gonna get more active on social media. Let people see my personality. Here's the shit that I took after Eating. That would be a dude's rock moment. I'll just say, you don't have to do it but it, I If you do it. I'll support it. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. But doing the photo, photo dump is very powerful.


Yeah. The first I like to, we make the excuse, we say like, oh, I gotta unload some memory on my phone. So Yeah. Here to all the pictures where I look the best that I'm gonna put online. Exactly. That's exactly what it was. And, that first picture, I was playing chess with a random guy on the street in France and I had him on the ropes. And then I blundered my queen away and he dismantled me after that. And there was an international chess master that was watching us right there. And every move that I make, he'd be no good. Oh. He didn't speak. And then I tried to, like, the first time I tried to ask him, he's like, no English. And so he was just no chirping me in my ear. No good. No good. Every time It was tough. And you couldn't shit talk him back. No, I couldn't do it. He didn't understand me.


Is There anyone else who plays chess in the Bengals locker room? My friend Cheeto, he just went to Tennessee. Okay. He was, he was always pretty good. We used to play. Oh no. Is that gonna, is that like a storyline we need to grab onto like Joe Burrow lost his chess partner. Mm. Yeah. I did lose my chess partner. That's Bad. Somebody gotta find a new chess partner. I Do have to find a new chess partner. That would be a great way to have like that, the Matthew Stafford Cooper Cup connection, where they do breakfast every day. Like somebody on the team that wants maybe more receptions should learn how to play chess. Yeah. Every morning me and Joe play chess. You developed that spawn together. Yes. I'm I I'm with that. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. That's a, that's a good way to do it. Do do you have any, do you have any heroes right now? 'cause I remember when you were in college, one of your heroes was Deli, which I always appreciate about you.


Yeah. Matthew Vedova. But as you're at this level, do you have like guys that you look up to in other sports still? I mean, I respect people's skills and what they, Do I wouldn't say have heroes though. Yeah. I think my perspective on that has changed a little bit now that I've met a lot of those people that were my heroes and they're just people. And so I would say my perspective on that has changed over the last several years. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, can pop quiz, can you name who this person is? Zach Taylor. Okay. Yes. He knows his Football coach. I do know my coach. There's probably a lot of people who don't. I, I sure Hope not. He has. No, I'm saying not, not Bengals, but, oh, I feel like he's got an unassuming look that Yeah.


I would agree With that. When, when like the national, like public football fans. Like I know that guy's a coach, Zach Taylor, he's a great coach. Yeah. I feel like maybe that's a part of the reason he doesn't get the respect or you I agree. I agree. He Needs a thing. Yeah. A thing that makes him stand out. Like, I don't know, an earring Or maybe like a top hat or like a suit on the sideline. He Should swap names with his brother press. Yeah. Because that would be a thing. Yeah. Like, oh shit, this guy's name's press. Yeah. Like I remember the first time I met press, I was like, what? What do you mean your name's press? Yeah. That's an interesting, it's interesting that his, their parents went Zach. Yeah. And then press, I think They like, I didn't like that name. Let's do this one. Let's go Crazy.


They were warming Up. I think they, they didn't have the confidence. After, you get one weapon, then you're like, okay. Yeah. Yeah. We can get a little bit crazier with a play calling in the second quarter. Yeah. Press Taylor is a great dude, but also crazy name. I agree. Yeah. What do you think the perfect football schedule is in terms of weeks and bye Weeks. How many games are we playing? You Tell me. 18. 18. Gotta have two. Bye weeks. I like that. And I think it'd be cool to do, I've said this before in an interview, like six games or like normal bi-week schedule that it is now. Like Yeah. Have it spread out. But then like week 13, do like the pro bowl break. Yeah. Where you're doing like the seven on seven and all the skills challenges like the, like the NBA does.


'cause I think that would get more ratings Yes. For the Pro Bowl. Yes. And then it would also give everybody that bi-week going into like the last six games of the year. My, my big idea is, especially now with the expanded college football playoff you do the week before Christmas, no NFL College football playoffs give everyone a break to go do their shopping. Yeah. I'm with that. Yeah. And then you get everyone reset. The whole league is on a, a level playing field for The Yeah. And then you stretch have guys that are injured that would be able to potentially come back and you want your best players Yes. Out there as a league. You want them in the last six weeks of the season. You want your best players on the field. So I think that would be a smart idea.


I think we Fixed football and then you get the, you get the President's Day Monday after Super Bowl off. Is that, that week? That's what I was gonna ask. Would, when would that Super Bowl then fall? 'cause that would be a challenge, but that would be perfect. Perfect. Yeah. I also think that'd be just good for fans where you can just like take a weekend to be a normal human being. Right. And not have to sit on your couch for 12 hours. Yeah. Yeah. And we just, we have to like do like a p maybe like an amber alert out to everyone being like, just remember you don't have to say there's no football. Like, I would just tell my wife. I'd be like, I'm gonna skip the games this week. Yeah. No games because I Love you. Good idea. I like that. Yeah. She'd Figure it out in two seconds. I love you. I love you so much more than football. So no football Today? No. I'm gonna, I'm gonna give it up. You'd have to like pretend to check your phone all the time to look at the scores.


Oh no. I'll put this away. I'll put this away. Yeah, Exactly. Or like prop it up in the corner and like just play like YouTube videos or something. Yeah. Right. Right. We also have a big idea in terms of outfits. So you started to do some cooler outfits going to the game. Do you bring a losing outfit? Yes. Okay, Good. Because that was, we've always had this problem where if you're gonna wear something crazy, the game, love it. Go for it. If, you lose the game, you gotta get into sweats. Yeah. You can't show up to the presser in the right, in the outfit. If. you play like shit and you lose the game. I would say. Okay. I, I like this. Yeah. Like Cam Newton who we like, but he used to show up in the top hat after a loss. Yeah. Like maybe don't do that.


I Think it depends on what I walk in with. I wouldn't, there's definitely some that I wouldn't wear to the post game. Losing presser. I would show up in my depressed sweatpants. Yeah. What's, what's the craziest thing you have? I mean, you probably haven't planned any out, but like what's the one that you've done that you're like, that was, I, I went outta my comfort zone. Mm. I wore a, this wasn't into the tunnel, but it was on the plane when we were playing Vegas in 21. I wore like a sweatsuit that had all these colors and crisscrossed lines on 'em with a thunder mifflin blue beanie and red and Pulled it off. I did pull it off, I'm not gonna lie.


Yeah, you did. Yeah, you did. Oh, here's a crazy one you could do. And this is like crazy fashion because I obviously wore the backless suit. What if one week you just wore a T-shirt that just had me and pf t's face on it with No back? No back. I'm with that. That It made, that could actually be, that could be the losing shirt. Yeah. Saving for the Shirt. A walk of shame. Backless T-shirts. Yeah. With your Guys' face. That would be an all time clip. If, you have to answer a bunch of like hard questions. After a heartbreaking loss, then you stand up and walk out. And does He not have a Back on? Yeah. Oh, what If you did Backless pants. Mm. Now we're talking, so that's Backless chaps. Yeah. Backless Chaps. Yeah. You think you get maybe a fine from the NFL for that?


Yeah, I would hope so. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be Worth it. It's like, remember when LeBron stood up from that press conference and he was in those shorts? No, I don't remember that suit shorts. He had Like a suit on, but it was like, shoot suit shorts. And everyone's like, whoa. That was what you were wearing, dude. Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Leg reveal for LeBron. Do you have, does Evan McPherson have your number yet? Evan McPherson has my number. Okay. He didn't, didn't Before War didn't, he definitely had my number. I texted him on draft night. Okay. Okay. He said that he didn't, he would, and we kinda, I mean it had to be a lie. We gave him the business about that and he seemed like he was very insecure. Yeah, I'm sure he was lying. So how, how quickly after a guy gets drafted, do you reach out? I try to reach out within a day. Is there, That's cool. Is it undrafted guys too? Used to.


Okay. Okay. So you gotta be what? Like what about a seventh round? Are we reaching out? Yeah, try to. Okay. Okay. May undrafted guys get a burner, a burner cell phone? Well, rafted Guys just got my second phone, so I'm just now getting into the burner. Oh, nice. Yeah. That's smart. That was smart. Yeah. The undrafted guys. Yeah. They have to, they have to kind of stick around for a week or two before you can Yeah. As I'm getting older, you know, guys are coming in and out so much. It's definitely harder Yeah. To, to remember everybody's names as you're getting older, I would say. Yeah. Is the window open? What does that mean? You know what that means? You're that badass quote man. It's always open. There it Is. You're like, yeah, the window's open if I'm here. Yeah. I was like, that Is awesome.


If, you don't feel like that. Then why are you playing football? Right? Yeah. Right. That's best Shape of your life right now. That's An, that's also one of those honest answers that then people are like, oh, he is so cocky. He's like, no, he's honestly showing you his confidence. I mean, What do you want me to say? Like, ah, we got two years left, And that, that we're gonna suck and The cap's gonna get tough And we tructure what you want to say. We're gonna to make some hard decisions. You should say that and be like, ah, secondary's getting older. We're gonna have to move some money around. Yeah. It, it would be funny if when you, you gave like an undrafted guy your burner cell phone number, and then instead of doing like at, at college where they do the scholarship reveals you just reveal to him My, Your actual number when he makes the roster. Yeah. Like on congratulations, He's freaking Out on the last cut day.


Like going up and ride it on the board. Like, there you go everybody. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. There's the number. Oh, congrats on beating the Browns, by the way. That Was in 2022. We haven't seen you. Yeah. And it was the only time you beat 'em. That was the only time I've beaten them. Yeah. What is it about the Browns? They're good, man. They got good players, but They're not that good. And then they, they just kinda have your number. They got our number. Yeah. Miles. I mean Miles Garrett plays a big part of that. Yeah. Their dbs are really good. They got Denzel, Greg Newsom, Emerson over there. Then their safeties are really good. They got really talented players. I'm happy you beat 'em though, because that, that's like the one thing, and this is a fan's perspective. I know you don't give a shit, but you never want to have like a quirky wor weird stat.


Yeah. Like follow you around for a while. I need, we needed to get that one. Right. I'm hoping we get two more this year. Right. It's like Peyton Manning won two Super Bowls. Never beat Florida. Really? Yeah. You never, you I I I you could say that anytime. Just like, never beat Florida. Did he start four years? Yeah. Remember never beat Florida. Alex Smith went like a year and a half without throwing a touchdown pass to a wide receiver. I do Remember that. That Was fun. You gotta get rid of those. Yeah. So you, you did that. You got rid of the quirky stack Because people are gonna use those against you. Right. That's For sure. They just throw it out there. Yeah. You never beat the Browns. Which team do you like beating the most? I mean, any division team. Yeah. Any division team. Yeah. Steelers Being the Chiefs is fun. Yeah. Bro Head. Yeah. Do you like that nickname? I mean, I'm gonna ride or die with my guys, so if they're saying it like I'm gonna go with it.


Yeah. But I would not say I would say that. Yeah. But you would, you would nod if I said bro head. No, you're not on my team. We can't say say Borough Head. We can't say Borough Head. It's low key facts. We're not allowed to say Borough Head. Okay. I think it's Borough Head. I, I'd even, this just popped in my head. And we've had, you know, Josh Allen, we actually had Joe Buck on after this. But how long did it take after the DeMar Hamlin thing for you to like, for everyone to be like, okay, we're good. We can play football again. 'cause That it was definitely weird. Yeah. I mean, it got late in that week and I was like, guys, we we're playing football still. Right, right. 'cause like, you don't think about you. Obviously the story is the bills and DeMar and it kind of gets lost that you're also on that field.


Yeah. And, and dealing with similar things. Yeah. It was definitely a challenge, I would say. But fortunately he was all good and you know, he's doing his thing now and I've seen him at all these events and always happy to see him. 'cause he is a great guy. But that was, that was a scary moment. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And I, it was like you and Josh that really let everybody know, like, don't, let's not play football. Right. What did Josh say? Yes, Josh Said it was you and him. Yeah. I Wouldn't, I think it was more so our coaches that kind of made that decision. But once we left the field, I think it was a collaborative. Both teams were like, what are we doing? We're not going back out there. Common sense prevailed.


Yes. Thankfully. Yes. Yep. Alright, so I got a couple last questions. It's been awesome. It's great catching up with you. How's your brother doing? My Brothers are doing great. He's a big time. PMT fan. Big time. Yeah. He's actually like, He's the one that put me onto you guys back in the day. He would, we'd be, he would come to Baton Rouge and we would like drive to New Orleans or wherever we were driving. He'd throw you guys on whenever we were driving. Dan, right? Dan? Yeah. Have that guy. Shout Out Dan. Dan Burrow's the man. Yes. He's the, the, the connector of all this. We have to thank Dan. That's right. Yeah. He's listening to this right now. Dan, thank you. Can't tell the story. PT open your Eyes. You're driving. Stop. You just got lost there for a second, Joe.


I got, I got a product idea that maybe I know that you're getting into brands recently. Okay. Is this gonna be one of your good business ideas or one of your bad Business ideas? My, I Like the tone you just used there. They're all my Best one yet. Name one bad business idea I've ever had. I mean, the last time I was on, I think we had a pretty bad one. What was that? You told me to go to XFL? Oh no, no. Yeah, that was, that was like The UFL Or whatever. Yeah. No, that was a, a private conversation Joe and I had, I, I was, I was working the, I was working the phones before the XFL back in 2020 and I was like, I, I think I can get you like 50 mil guarantees. Go to the XFL. You should do That. Let, let me, lemme, that was, that was my worst business idea. Lemme come to the support of, of my co-hosts here.


The fact that you remember that means it probably wasn't that bad because it left a mark Or the really bad ones. Do leave a mark as well? No, the really, no. Anyone that sticks around, you're like, damn, okay. Maybe there was some truth in that. Well that yeah, that league lasted several weeks. Yeah. You'd be as rich as you are today for Sure. I was gonna, I was gonna tie it into, to BODYARMOR. Okay. So I've been trying to invent this product for like 10 years called Protein. And it's a recovery drink and it's got protein in it, but it also has alcohol in it. Mm. So you drink it after the gym as your pre-game to go out. So it e the good and the bad. Even out. It's a neutral. No, it's just too good. You think alcohol is bad?


Alcohol is good. Oh, they're both good things. How do you guys feel today? I gotta bad. Excellent. Terrible. I retired. I retired yesterday. So, So, so on the way over here I was thinking about protein and I was like, you know what, I do feel terrible right now. So what if we eliminated the, the alcohol? It Would be a good hangover remedy. Yes. Because a little hair of the dog with some protein. That's true. Yeah. If, you do that in the morning afterwards. I think it'd be good. But then I was like, what if nobody makes like sleep protein? Nobody, nobody's weaponized sleep yet. If we mark it like aggressive sleep and you drink a protein drink that also has maybe alcohol, but maybe like melatonin.


Melatonin in it knocks you out. Yeah. Overnight. Your body recovers. I like this right now. Everyone's wasting their sleep. They're not getting better when they're sleeping. Caine protein, that's what you drink before bed. That's What Is it Caine? It's the, the slow absorbing stuff, right? Yeah. So yeah, you put that in there with whatever's in NyQuil and maybe some booze. Yes. Okay. You fall asleep and you wake up stronger every day. What you're pitching me like, I'm like, I'm Well, you, you got some money. I do have some money. Yeah. And you got BODYARMOR on your shirt. Yeah. You're an entrepreneur. I am not. I don't think I have no business. If. you got money. You could just, you don't have to Be an Entrepreneur. You just have to say you're an entrepreneur. Oh really? Yeah. Bill Belichick's girlfriend. Yeah. She's an entrepreneur, right? Philosopher. Yeah.


Yeah. You could just say you're an entrepreneur. Like I'm an entrepreneur. Okay. CEO of life. Yeah. So what do you think? You taking it? I mean, probably not. I would have to see like a little business plan or let, We'll let BODYARMOR sort that out. You hear you hear the word probably there. Yeah. That wasn't a No, it's not a no. That was a Probably, I I think it's got legs, but we'll see. If not, you can always join the XL again. Okay. They're Back. That's probably not.


Alright, I have one last question. It's Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts. Rollback dot com promo could take


Also. Thank you to BODYARMOR for getting us here. We love BODYARMOR. Sorry. The only water we drink. Only drinks we drink in the office and everywhere.


I've seen you at UFC fights are you tell me you're top two fighters right now. I love that you're a UFC fan. I, Alex Pereira. He's fighting this weekend. Okay. He's, We're gonna air this after. So give us a prediction. Very fun to watch. He's going, I think he's gonna win. Okay. This will suck if he Loses. Yeah. Are you going? No, I'm not going. Okay. I'm, my friendship was my traveling for the next month and now I'm good. I'm locked in. Okay. And then Suga. Okay. Sean O'Malley. Yeah, he's electric. He's fun. Yeah, he's electric. We've, we've hung out a couple times. He's a good guy. Oh, nice. Yeah. Have you ever been to the Tunnel of Chaos? What does that mean?


Should we tell 'em about the Tunnel of Chaos? I don't know if we can talk about, it's a place in Las Vegas that you go and then you tell 'em how much money you wanna win and then you win that amount of money. Oh, Well that sounds like a great time. It's great. And the real reason is you're just gambling with Dana White's money. Oh Yeah. Well then, yeah. And he's Like, it's Dana. Bring me to the Tunnel of chaos, please. Yes. Yes. We, I mean he literally sits there and he is like, I've heard stories of his legendary gambling. Yeah, yeah. He just gives you money. He is like, okay, now that you lost all your money, you're just double it next time. And most places are like, it's not real gambling, you gotta go If. you keep doing that at blackjack. But since Dana I think runs that casino, he's like, here double it Again. Yeah. Dana probably owns Vegas at this point.


Yeah. Yeah. He's doing Okay. Yeah, he's doing okay. Are you have any last Questions? No, I think my last question was the business opportunity that he is probably gonna accept. Yeah. Oh, Jerry, come back for one last question. I want, I want you to Not, the third question Jerry. Not the third question. Not the third question. Alright. But I know, I know. 'cause this Jerry's all he is been thinking about. He just walked right in front of the camera. Sorry. You can, you can ask him what, what you think about what, what he thinks about your guy. Go ahead. Ruy. Yeah. Honest opinion. You're a quarterback. Russy. Does he still have some left in the, the tank, Russ? Yeah. Yeah. I think so.


There you go. It it, you sure. Because I say to every Division rival. I know, But I say to everybody, they call me crazy. Like, Jerry, you're, you're crazy. It's over Rusty's. You know why Stop calling him Rusty. Why call him Russy. Rusty's not gonna be good anymore. Time will tell. I think he's gonna be really good. Oh no shit. But like, but you guys make me feel like, oh Jerry, like you're crazy. That's the great thing about football is you find you're gonna find out in September who has it. Yeah, true. Yeah. Prediction. No prediction. Can you gimme a prediction? I think you'll be good. Oh no. This is a separate question. You can put, you can put your, your, your team first. If, you were to predict right now the a FC North.


You can pick Bengals first. Who do you think, how do you think the other three Fall Bengal first and then I don't care. Yeah. That's the answer. It's a good answer. It's Answer right now. Jerry knows you're a winner and he's upset about that. Yeah. I'm not gives A winning answer. Upset. Yeah. The aura is getting to you. There's too much sucked Into I be, Yeah. I'll, I'll be honest. And I don't, I don't want, I'm gonna be honest, I never liked you, but, but I'm sitting in the chair and I'm like, fuck, he's cool. Yeah, That's Oracle. I Know He's the best. So now I gotta, if the Steelers aren't in it, I'll root for you. Okay. Appreciate that. But if the Steelers are in it, I can't. Okay. That's all good. You're cool? Yeah, my man.


Alright. Jerry Loves all the Joe Bees out There. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, Joe, thank you as always. You're the best and best of luck this year. Yeah. Thanks. Okay, let's do the Mount Rushmore of Meet, meet, meet. Meat, meat, meat, meat.


It's brought to you again by our friends at Coors Light. Before all the hustle of football season, we're heading out west for our first ever chill week. We the help of Kors Light. We'll be hosting interviews with fellow golf lovers in town, enjoying the summer fun that Tahoe has to offer. And most of all, choosing. Chill with Coors Light all week long when you embrace a chill mindset, it's a good time to choose chill and crack. Open a Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold, refreshing, crisp and refreshing. As the Colorado Rockies. Tune in for our adventures. A chill week. And don't forget to choose Chill and reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly, Coors Brewing Company golden Colorado coors light.com/take. When you are finding yourself in those situations that you just need to chill out, Coors Light is the best beer to do that. The mountains on the bottles and kits turn blue. And we love Coors Light. And we'll be having some Coors Light out in Tahoe for Chill week.


By the way, I forgot to say for who's back? I, I forgot I had a third. Who's back? Blooper. Just terrorizing children. Did you guys see that article today? That basically was like a kid was crying so bad because blooper scared him. He looks like a giant booger. He's the worst. He's the worst. That fat. Fuck. Okay. Meat. Meat. Meat. Meat. First pick. I believe Big Cat does. Okay. Right? Mm. Do I. Not. How many have we done? Three. Four. Three. We can look this up. Yeah. Look that up. Let's get it right. Let's Look this Up. While Max is looking that up quick. Charlotte. The Stingray update.


She died. Oh yeah. Allegedly. I don't think she's dead. Oh, I think, I think the aquarium. They just got too much shit. They got caught in their live by certain podcasters and they killed, killed her. They, after they said that she's not really pregnant, then they had to pretend like she died. Okay. So I was second last week. The last one we did, I was second. So I'm first right? Yes. Okay. Yep. And it goes clockwise. Yep. So I'm last snake's back around. Okay. I will go. Me Snake. That's a good pick One, one. I love steak so much. Did did you guys have any steak this past week? I Did a lot of Steak. I had a lot of steak today at NASCAR. Yeah. You had, you had daytime steak. It's The fuck daytime steak.


Steak is just always there for you. Yeah. It's like, and it's, we'll get into more meat. There's a lot of great meats, but steak is that meat that, I don't know. If. you guys feel the same way? You say like, oh, I'm eating a big steak tonight. Yes. Like that's a, that's a get ready plan. Steak dinner. Let's have, let's do a, let's do a steak dinner in Tahoe. Yeah, let's do one. Let's fucking do one the Boys. So you get all steaks with that. I think because we Get the ribeye filet mignon tibone. We were saying that we could do a Mount Rushmore of just steaks. We could, yeah. Another time. Yeah. But yeah, we were saying like, hamburger does not count obviously As steak. Correct. Yeah. You're not taking beef, you're not taking cow. Correct. You're taking steak. Steak. Yeah.


Steak flank steak. Steak Skirt steak skirt steak. Oh yeah. Skirt steak. Little marinade. Hank, What about steak tips? Yeah. Oh yeah. Steak tips. Hank, did you, you seem shocked that I would take steak One. No, I'm not shocked. I, I thought I had the first pick. And. that was an obvious one. One. So now I So you're gonna go steak? I'm, yeah. I'm, I'm And I'm not doing great this year. You're fine. Oh, you're Not a little in my head. I'm gonna go chicken wings. Ooh, That's a good pick. Fuck. That's good. Good win. Good pick. Good Pick. I had them one. One. Don't overthink it yet. Don't overthink it. Okay. Good Pit. That's like you eat. I think you probably eat chicken wings more than steak.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's not, it's not. Yeah. But that's, no, I know. I mean, everyone probably eats chicken more than steak. Chicken wings is my favorite. It's actually healthier. It it is. It's shouldn't Eat too much steak. It is the best food. I would take it one, one in a food draft. Or Actually you should probably eat more steak. 'cause it's low carbs. Yeah. Burgers. Ahha. Good pick. Good pick. Good pick max. All Right. Also had some burgers this weekend. I'm gonna go bacon. Good. Pick bacon. I feel like that's a, that's a good fourth pick. And then I'm gonna follow it up with hot dogs. Ooh, Hot dogs. You don't like hot dogs? I like hot dogs now. I used to As a meat though.


The quality of meat in a hot dog is not good. PFT In Chicago. It is it. I love hot dogs so I Do I had no problem with this. I was Hoping I was gonna get burgers And hot dogs. Yeah. That would've looked good On a graphic. Hank. Hank. Does it taste good? Yeah, it's good meat then. I don't care if it's lips, asshole, whatever they put into it, I don't wanna know. It tastes good. And I used to, I used to be like a hotdog, not a hater, but I used to kind of put hot dogs to the side. But then you have a good and you're like, holy shit. This is actually good meat Trust tree. I grilled a lot this week for my family and every single time I grilled the grill was like kind of, we were, we were on vacation.


The grill was kind of like out of view of the kitchen area. Every single time I grilled, I just ate an entire hot dog or sausage. Wow. Grilling and then came back and I was like, dinner's ready. Oh I'm hungry. Hot dogs are great. Just sitting there eating it and just not letting it, you know, just way to go. Shouldn't have cleared the Mount Rushmore meats. Be something you don't need condiments for. I don't need a condiment for, I need some sport peppers. Wait, Hank, you don't need any sauce in your chicken wings. No. Listen. We'll left. We had dry wings tonight. Dry wings. No seasoning. Those have a little seasoning I believe on them. Yeah. I don't think it's just, Yeah. Hank, you walked into that one. Yeah. But you Don't eat hot dogs without a bun.


What? I guess hamburgers too. Alright. It's a bad, bad point by Hank for the record That No, I think it's a good point. I, I Think a Bad listen. I think a real meat would say that the best meats. You don't need anything else for like the great, the best steak you've ever had. You, I don't think you're a real meat rider because I think that, I think that hot dogs are Delicious. You're now it's getting personal. Yeah. I love hot dogs and I also, I love hot dogs. I eat 'em raw, but most people don't. Can we put 'em as g Lizzies? You eat 'em raw. More raw dogs. No, I think they have to be hot dogs. Two buns. Two buns. No, I used to do that but, Okay. What Max Chaser bun. I'll take fried chicken. That's a good pick. Max. Good Pick.


I also had that on there. Okay. Strong start by Max Hank. I am going to go with, Come on Hank. Better be a good one. Alright. Should I go with option one or two? Two, one? I don't know. Just Pick ribs. Fuck you could pick. Damn it. Hank, let me ask you, do you put any condiments on the ribs? Nope. What was The other one? No Sauce. No sauce. Don't worry about it. So I agree Hank that like ribs should go over hot dogs. Yes. I love hot dogs. Ribs should have gone over hot Dogs. I had ribs higher on my list. I just went with hotdog. Ah, right.


Fucking a man. Ribs. Damnit ribs is good. Great pick. Fuck. That was gonna be my pick. I thought for some reason I was gonna get all the way back. Ribs would've been Okay. I'll go with my pick. Come on. Hey, don't, don't, don't, don't do that. Spin it. Don't do that. Don't do that. I didn't do that to you. I didn't do that to you my friend. I will go with duck. That's a good pick.


Duck's a great meat. Why? No. Explain. Your face Is a bougie pick. No what? Yeah. Duck is a bougie. Bougie. Meat duck's not a bougie pick. What? What? It's the Mount Rushmore of meats. Listen, I, in all honesty, duck. The best meats you get are bougie places. That's True. Duck is is fantastic. Yeah. Duck is in my top three foods. Nah. Yeah. Alright fine. I'll go. I'll go back. Listen this. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I have duck. I'm saying this is the beauty of me as a person. Not Max's little fucking hamburgers and chicken tenders over there. I went duck. And then the next pick I'm gonna go with is sausage. 'cause sausage is fucking Great. That was my, that was my, Yeah. So I can do it all. Bitch. How you like them apples.


How do you like them? Sauce. Apple. Sausage. Sausage or hot dog for the rest of your life. Sausage easy. There's so many different options For sausage. Yeah. Sausage Pizza. You can get, yeah you can get breakfast sausage. You get dry sausages. Italian sausage with with pasta and sausage without. I'm Italian sausage. I'd say hot peppers And onions. I'd say hot. I'd say hot dogs too. Hot dogs. I don't know. That's Rest of your life. One. It's not even close. Think of all the cookouts that you would have to go to not eat anything but Think of all the, no, what are you talking about? Your own sausage. Use Sausage. Yeah. Like I would go hot dogs. It's sausage. Sausages are so good man. They're so good. Okay, I'm gonna go.


I can't believe you took ribs. What was your other one? Tell us your other one. Brisket. Okay. Good pick. Good Pick. I'm happy I got it back. Yeah, probably. I probably like brisket more than ribs. I just knew I wasn't gonna get ribs. But brisket is my favorite. Favorite Barbecue food. Absolutely delicious. Yeah. Favorite. No seasoning, no sauce. I knew how to, if I knew how to make one, I would do it all the time. Smoking meats or smoking a bunch of meats. Okay. This is gonna be a good, this is a good Mount Rushmore. I'll go pull pork. Yep. Had it on there. Had it on there. Good pick. You were gonna go sausage. I fucking love sausage. Oh yeah. I mean I just started giving you all of my arguments for why sausages. Yeah. I mean it's the best, It's, it's such a versatile meat. I, so you can have a Lot Italian, Italian sausages, Breakfast, lunch and dinner.


It can be the main of every of every meal. That's A great point. Great point about my pick. I love your pick. Alright, My next pick. I'm gonna go Dino Nuggies. I'm gonna go with lobster. Damn Lobster. It is fish. It's fish meat Added on there. It definitely Max, what Do they call it? Claw meat. Tail meat. I don. Good Friday. Good Friday. You can eat lobster. You can't eat meat. Okay. Well we're not doing, No it's a, it's a meat. This isn't A hundred Percent. Okay. Not gonna ask. I thought, I thought for some reason I should have given you guys more credit that you weren't gonna go there. But No, I had it on the list. I had it on the list. Absolutely. Max is just too his his fucking caveman. Right? Well I just didn't think No, it duck and lobster are on The, on the list.


List. No, I just don't think fish is, I think fish is a different category than Me. Should we ask the pope if he approves my list? He's a lobster or fish. It's seafood. It's not a fish. A crustacean, a fish. Fish is also meat. Yes. There is also Meat. I disagree. I know. I would, what Are you talking? I would take meat. Do I grew. I grew up saying that meat is different than fish. Like you could eat meat, you could eat well. You grew up in a dumb household. You can eat seafood on On Good Friday Max. On Fridays. And that Also eats. You can't eat meat soup, eat meat. Good. Friday isn't a, A meat draft. Yep. Good Friday. You can't eat meat. Memes back me up. Were you allowed to eat? Were you, were you allowed to eat fish on Fridays and L Yeah, fish. Fish on fish. Friday. Yeah. Yeah. Fish fries. Because You can't eat meat. I understand.


But You can eat lobster. Lobster. Yes. You can eat lobster on Fridays in L because you can't eat meat. But if you're a vegetarian that There's pe. Yeah. Don't, well, no, But like pescatarians say they don't eat meat, but I eat fish. But If, you say you're a vegetarian eat. But if they say I don't Eat meat. If. you say If, you say you're a vegetarian. I don't eat meat. That person is not going to eat lobster. But the pescatarian would say, I don don't. That's different. That's totally what Different. But they would say, I don't eat meat. I eat fish. Yeah. Those people suck. Yes. Lots for meat is considered meat because it is a crustacean and a type of seafood. I actually might hate the pescatarians more than I do vegetarians. 'cause at least stand on something. Like If you're not gonna eat steak and sausage and ribs and all these things don't then also eat like lobster.


Stand on something. Just be no Meat. We haven't had a contentious Rushmore yet. This is good. There's a And there's a lot on the board's. A lot on the board. I like this. It's usually you're scraping at the bottom of the barrel. This is Like a lobster. Okay. You have another pick? Yeah. My last pick Titties. What Titties is meat? Great choice. Thanks Max. Okay. I think titties are meat. When was the last time you ate titties? You suck on them. Yeah, but that's not eating them. I think titties counts as meat Ate. So are you saying that you're cannibal? No, just, just saying titties. Okay. You can look at 'em. I don't know. I mean, that's okay.


We do have a lot of meats left. I think titties, There's so many meats left. I'm like really struggling for what to go with here. Well, we have to deal with PFT. Just saying T. Yeah. Well Titties. I mean that just took them outta draft. No, I would actually say Opposite. Pander. That's a pander pick. No, I I Love titties. That's a pander pick. If. you put Titties was rattled. Yeah. Any graphic that's, that wins you Like that's not a meat. Lizzie's and titties. That's not a meat. I Which one Do you like more? Lizzies are ties. I think that you guys are ties. I think this makes his, I watch Lizzies First. Significantly worse. But Is titties a meat? No. I think that You could take chicken breast Titties is meat. What? In what way? We're talking about meat that you eat. Is it the Mount Rushmore meat that you eat? Oh my god.


Fact or fiction. What? And I don't think I've ever heard. Why did you do like swim meat? Yeah. What, when have titties ever been referred to as meat? Good question. Like a cock has been referred to as a meat. Yep. You Can beat it. TV have never, I've never heard someone say, look at that. Those meat. Look at those meaty titties. No. What? No, I don't wanna look At those. I say that all the time. Maybe like a pepperoni gets thrown in comparison somewhere there, but, Okay. All right. Listen. If. you guys do it If. you guys If. you guys don't want titties on that list? 'cause I think, I think it, well this Is not a meat. It's not a meat. That's the only problem. Explain how titties is a meat and we can Slide. Yeah. Make us a pitch. On what? On the, on on, on the spirit of this draft titties being a meat They're made out of.


They're made out of meat. Made out Of milk and fat. No, they're not made outta milk. So you're a cannibal. No, I've never eaten them, But okay. Then how would it get on your Mount Rushmore? Because you can I enjoy looking at the meat. Okay, I'll, I'll take it off the list. No, I'll take it off. I'll take it off the list. It if this, if this is gonna be a big thing. No it's Not. You keep it on. I want you to keep it on. Sounds Like It's a big thing. I think it makes your list worse. It's not, it just doesn't, it doesn't make any sense with What we're doing. I want That's I To it. I be like titties on any list because it's gonna make it pop off. Off. Yeah. I, but I think then when you see them stacked up against each other of like, Really good food. Yeah. You talking titties. Good food. Think of t it's gonna be like, oh, why did he just say titties? It's a curious pitch. Yeah.


Okay. I'll take it off. I'll take what, What, what do you think means you be the judge? I was so Confused when he said I'll take it off the list. No, you can keep it on. I I want him to keep it Off. No, no. I'm I, I'm taking off the list. Hey, is He keeping It on? It's been under protest Super pool. How many people do we have? I, I vote him. I want him to keep it on. We have five. Think it makes His list worse. I vote No, I vote yes. Memes. I don't think it should count. Okay. Because I, I just don't get it. Okay. I, yeah. Alright. Go something else then. Memes will be the, the arbiter of these memes. You're the judge now going forward. 'cause you're the only one who's not done that picks here. So he, commissioner memes has to be the guy now.


Okay. Right. Should we all enact them? Yep. Commissioner memes. Commissioner memes. Yes. Now you can you admit that was that you were trying to get cute with it? I'm getting cute with it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that was, I was never arguing that I wasn't getting cute. So I guess instead I will do smoked Turkey leg. Okay. That's a good pick. Turkey leg. I had it on there. Walking Snack. Had it on My li list. That's a good pick. That's a good pick. Me. Yeah. I'm gonna go meatballs. Ooh. Okay. I didn't even think about meat. You like the big ones or the little ones? I just like, like a nice homemade meatball.


I mean, there's nothing I didn't think about the meatballs. If, you go to an Italian restaurant, you got a meet, you got a couple meatballs for the table to start the meal. Really judge how an Italian place is. And I had others that I, that I thought of. But meatballs is, is is the true answer to myself. And I went and I went true to myself instead of pandering to the pub. No, I mean, the public loves meatballs. Yeah. The public loves meatballs. Everyone loves everything on this list. It's meat. There's gonna be a close list. Yeah. It's gonna be a close list. Yeah. And I, I think my only concern is like, I would probably put a fish here, but I also think there's gonna be a lot of people who when they see the list, they're gonna be like, fish shouldn't count as a meat. I disagree with those people.


I disagree with those people too. But I'm just like, Lobster was a Very good pick. Agree. I agree. But I don't wanna then add a different fish to it. I'm just gonna go like max with my gut salami. Mm. Okay. Good pick. I I could eat a whole Yeah. Multiple rolls in a day. I got A question about a technicality Ass. No, No. I also had ass on my list. I, I thought about a technicality pick as well, but I just went, went away with it. What was your technicality? One? I thought about saying Prime rib, but I thought it was too close to steak. At a steak. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Here's my technicality question. Chicken parm. It's fried chicken. Yeah.


Is it? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, It is. but it isn't. It is, but it isn't. But okay, that's fine. I mean it's steak if that Yeah, that's fine. If we're doing that. That's No, no, that's fine. That's why I asked. That's why I asked. So it's a specific type. That's why I asked. It's a specific type of meal. That's what I asked. But the, the main ingredient is, that's why I asked fried chicken breast. That's why I asked. Okay. Shit. Now. Ha. Now Max is in my head about being bougie. He's in my head about being bougie. So Bougie. It's max. Yeah. I do have sausage on there. Don't let, don't let. And I can't believe this one lasted. Lamb fine. Lamb is good.


Yep. I like lamb. Lamb Is good lamb. It's is good. It's a good occasional lamb Chop. Sir. Yes. I should have gone. Pepperoni. There's so many good ones still out there. Would, would euro meat have counted? I mean Turkey. I was gonna do Turkey, but then p ft kind of just did a specific Turkey, so I didn't think that would count. Alligator, Prosciutto, Ham, ham, Ham, prosciutto, Pepperoni. I almost pepperoni went full Italian pepper. There was a part of me that was wanted to do chicken cutlets, meatball projet, salami, Crab Crab's. Good. Blue crab is awesome. Tuna mussels. Tuna fish like, but the actual tuna shrimp, like tuna steak, Oyster shrimp is Good.


Ah. Shrimp is a Great one. I now would oysters have Canada ass meat. Yeah. I mean if we're adding seafood, it's all seafoods on the table myself. Yeah. So Prosetta sc. Yeah, Gul Gul Was on my Italian list. Bison. But then it started to get competitive at first. So I was like, all right, I I I should play Pastrami. Pastrami iss. Good corn beef. There's a lot of good meats out there. There's a lot of good meat. Pork Roll. You mean Taylor Ma? I was gonna go Turkey before you said Turkey leg. So Turkey. I was just gonna do Turkey in general. Very, very thin though. Yeah. Real thin. Very Very thin Meatloaf. Yeah. No good meatloaf.


Good. A good meatloaf. You a good meatloaf is good. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Anything is good. True. Also True. Most meatloaf is bad. I would say most, I would take almost everything on our list over meatloaf. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. If you're like, hey, who, what do you want for dinner? All 12 of our 12. Yes. I mean those was great lists. 16 of Great. Our picks would go before meatloaf. Chicken tenders counted Fried chicken. Yeah. Cutlet. Fried chicken. Yeah. Chicken nuggets. Why goo have counted. Yeah. Regular chicken didn't go. Huh? Just Chicken. Yeah. Chicken breast. Yeah. Or like grilled chicken. Well and chicken wings.


Yeah. Chicken wings did go. Yeah. Yeah, That's right. Chicken breasts can be dry though. Would Wagu have counted? I should Have. No. 'cause that's, that's Steak. It's steak. That's steak. Yeah. Yeah. That really fucked you up. You thought you had one one but you came back with ribs. Ribs thought I bought ribs. Ribs is good. I thought I was getting lost at the end. And. that would've really Taken me Home. I slept on ribs. I should not have done, I should not have done hot dogs. Hot Dogs would great. Hot dogs would've been a third. It'd hot dogs is how you got titties. Great. Third titties. I Yeah, that's true. But I think Hot dogs led to titties. I think if I got hot, hot dogs it would've played because it would've gone burgers then dogs. Yeah. On the list. So the combo of the two would've been like, oh that's a, yeah, that's a strong start.


Yeah. Okay. Good list. Good. Good job boys. We got anything else? Let's go to chill week. So we'll be in Tahoe. We're gonna, we'll be live from Tahoe on Wednesday and Friday. Got some big interviews planned. Why do you keep doing, you guys have clean laundry? No, 'cause I, I, yeah. Don't just got back. So I've got a suitcase that I was planning on just putting directly into the washers. I do that every time. I actually don't ever not have a suitcase that's full of clothes. Yeah. It's either full of dirty clothes that has just been sitting, waiting to go in the laundry the day before I travel. Or they're clean clothes. 'cause I'm going to travel. Yeah. I just looked at my suitcase and I thought if it was good enough for Greece, it's good enough for Tahoe. Yeah. So I'll just run it back.


Yeah, it's gonna be hot. I haven't looked at the weather. It's gonna be hot. It's gonna be hot out there. But yeah. I'm excited for Tahoe. Shane's here. Shadow Shane. Yo. Shane. Shane, how was your week? Hello. What? How, how was your week? It was great. How was Yours? Yeah, it was great. Did you do anything fun? Went home, visited the family. Yeah. You go out? Yeah. On the boat. What'd, What? What'd you wear when you went out close To July? What'd you wear when you went out on The boat? No. Like did you go out after? Yeah. Or I saw Shaney do a double gainer off the boat. Oh fuck yes.


First time on a boat, right? Yes. What did you, what did you wear Shane? I wore some nice nice khaki color pants and a, a new vintage charger shirt. Oh nice. Like Augh Just got off Depop. It was a six shirt. It was a six shirt. But it's just very funny because I made up the lie like two months ago that Shane only when he goes out, he just puts on his best charger shirt. And then Max sent me a picture for July 4th. Shane just risen it up with his best charger shirt on. Well, to be fair, I didn't have a charger shirt before I got this charger shirt. So it is my only charger. What's, I mean, you wear charger gear every day.


I only have sweatshirts. I have no charger shirts. I have sweatshirts and I have jerseys. Got Are both. Those are about You got your shirt? More Shirt? This is my only Shirt. I'd like to see that charger shirt in Tahoe. I will wear it in Tahoe. It would also be cool if the charger sent me more shirts. Oh, Are you listening Chargers? He's a, he's a double XL I'll, how about this Shane, I'll, I'll fund your Chargers. First thing Shane's ever said on the show is, let me get, let me get some chargers. Merch. Shane, I'll give you a full shopping spree in Chargers, merch, If. you promise. And you have to give this promise that every first date you go on for the next year is Chargers.


What does that mean? Like a Chargers game or No, what are you talking about? You said every first date has to be Chargers. That's what you wear? Yeah. That's what you wear to A first date. Yeah. So like even If, you go like, oh, we're going to a classy spot. Chargers polo. I don't know. Alright. Just the offer's out there. I just wanna be clear. I didn't ask for it. I just said it would be Cool. Yeah. But I'm telling you it would totally different if the Chargers don't come through, I will come through with that one stipulation that you go chargers on every first date. Can I think about it? Yeah, absolutely. You have as much time as you want. Perfect. Okay. Hey Shane, I got a question for you. What, what's your decision by the way? I need some more time. This is, Oh Shit, you know.


Okay. Shane, I have A question. Yes, sir. Are Titties meat? Shane, would you consider titties meat Has just like, are we talking about consumption or just No, Just meat. Yeah. Yes. I think it's more fatty tissue, but I guess by the technical. I like that. I like that. I guess technically, have you Ever eaten a titty? I don't think so. Okay, So you're not a cannibal. That's pretty good. Correct? Yeah. I want, I want, I want your char like dude, we can get some sick chargers. That's what I'm saying, Like, we'll find, I might even buy you a suit that's just chargers.


Get the, the, the Donny does Susie? Yeah. You can get a, a suit jersey. I want you in Chargers stuff all the time. Every day. I'd be happy to wear it. Okay, so you, you made your decision. Oh, you snuck that in at the end. Okay. I don't, I don't know yet. Okay. Gimme a day. Okay, fine. But I want my answer within the next five minutes. Okay, let's do numbers. Numbers 28 56, 3 19, 21, 0, 67.


Love you guys. I, I'm, I'm the bike is Okay.


Say after better to be safe for serving. Say better. To be safe for serving just you things I've to remember. You.