
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners, You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have an awesome, awesome, awesome interview with the legend himself. John Elway. I was teasing it on Twitter today, PFT. And I said that it was one of those interviews that we don't do it very often, but like I was legitimately starstruck. He's a legend. It's John Elway. He was football. He, he was part of some of the most iconic games, plays, super bowls, college games, ever. So, and we talked every we, he literally got the whole interview.


He was cool with us. We even talked about Paxton Lynch. So awesome interview. We're gonna talk a little Olympics Team USA had their first official game of the Olympics. Hank is on vacation, but he's going to join us for some Jason Tatum talk. And then we do a very fun Mount Rushmore. Crazy. Oh, crazy. Oh, Hank, I thought he was going to join us. He's going to join us. Hank, you're not joining us yet. It's gonna be an all time spin zone. And then after the John Elway interview, we'll be our Mount Rushmore, which is a very fun one. Mount Rushmore of afterschool snacks, afterschool snacks.


And we are brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. If you're not playing best ball at DraftKings, you're missing out. Here's what you need to know. DraftKings Best Ball Millionaire contest is their biggest fantasy contest ever. 15 million guaranteed prize pool with two. That's right. Two millionaires being crowned for first and second place. If you're set it and forget it, type like me, then Best Ball is for you. No waiver wires, no roster management, bigger roster. So injuries won't end your season. Only the draft. And that's it. You're set for the season. Still not convinced. Check this out This year DraftKings offering everyone a draft one get one special. Your $20 entry fee scores you a bonus ticket. Get in on all the best ball action. Download the DraftKings app Use code take. That's code take for all customers who enter the NFL Best Ball 15 million Millionaire contest to get a bonus ticket and get a shot at being crowned one of two millionaires only on Draftking Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


Okay, let's go. Bye. Oh no, we down. And then higher. Oh, we down to it's Pardon My Take, presented by Barstool Sports.


Welcome to Pardon My Take presented by DraftKings. Get in on all the best ball action. Download DraftKings app, use code take. That's code take for all customers who enter the NFL best Ball, 15 million millionaire contest to get a bonus ticket and get a shot at being crowned. One of two millionaires only on DraftKings.


Today is Monday, July 29th and PFT football is back. What a great weekend. It was back together weekend for the NFL. It is back. This No, the what I'm talking about now. I know that preseason doesn't matter anymore. And I know the Hall of Fame game on Thursday. There will probably be no starters playing, but this is the beginning of the first week where every single week for the next 26 weeks, we will have football on our tv. And I, again, I know that there's not gonna be actual, like, starters playing on Thursday night, but seeing the helmets, seeing the ball, seeing the field.


Football is back. We're gonna get to the kickoffs. See the kickoffs, new kickoffs. No, it was back together weekend. I dunno, If, you saw that, but the NFL was making a real hard push to call this back together weekend. Oh, Jim Ey came to a first practice and you see first time being seen in public since December. Yeah. It's, it's good to see every team you get all the little nuggets. Most, Of, Them don't make any difference whatsoever. But you get to see like a new quarterback making easy pass and be like, damn, that spiral looks tight. Yeah. Daniel Jones missing. Malik Neighbors missing Malik Neighbors. I Saw that one. I saw one where he did complete a, a pass on the sidelines. Some of the league neighbors who only got one foot in and they put that out as like, we got, we got ourselves a weapon. Yeah. Yeah. Just the social media from the first weekend of the NFL being back is awesome because every team you think that you're gonna be like 10 wins.


I can talk myself into 10 wins for any team except for maybe, maybe not the Panthers. Yeah. But like it's, I do feel like I have a renewed sense of optimism. Yes. Football season, baby. Jayden Daniels looks good. Jade Daniels looks awesome. And then do you think we'll get to see any Caleb? No, I don't think so. but it doesn't matter. It's about seeing on the tv, the graphic, the kickoff, the helmets. Oh yeah. I'm gonna watch maybe three minutes of it. Oh no, I'm, I'm gonna watch a lot of it and we're gonna get to see probably a new score bug that we all get to complain about. Yeah. There's all sorts of cool stuff that goes in with, with starting a new league year. And man, I feel like this was a long off season, but we're back baby. It did feel like the longest off season.


We will also probably get to see a little Tyson beget, which would be awesome. That'll be great. Yeah. He, he was, he said that he was so locked in, he doesn't give a fuck about like bringing in, you know, whether there was gonna be someone who was brought in or not as, as a competitive backup. He's, he said he's been grinding his absolute face off. I love that. He doesn't Even know. I love that. We're also gonna get for the first time this year in game coach interviews. Yeah. Like on the sidelines for just reported that it had something to do with the NFL trial for Sunday ticket. And the judge was like, you need to make this more fan friendly. I know what we'll do in-game interviews with coaches who I'm sure Yeah. Will, will Really give a lot of good nuggets for all the fans watching at home. Guys who don't want to be interviewed being forced to interview.


Yeah. You wanna see what could go wrong. You wanna see Jim Harbaugh talk on camera for, for five seconds a half? Yeah, That'll do it. Yeah, this will do it. But yeah, football is back. Feels good to have football back. Now this week, like we said is a little bit of a different week. Hank's on vacation. Max is on vacation. PFT you're about to head out. We have the take he on Wednesday. We have a great interview coming Friday. We'll, we'll do a Zoom intro and then also probably my favorite Mount Rushmore we've done of the season thus far. But we have Hank here on Zoom because us men's basketball team, Played Their First Game today.


Well some of them Played Their, First Game and Tyrese Haller didn't get in, but I mean, no one expected him to get in. Yeah. It's not like he's a top five player. Yeah. So, so 10 of the 12 guys, Played, Their, First Game, very noticeably absent was one Jason Tatum, who afterwards was asked if he's sick or hurt. He said, no, I'm fine. Did not play a single minute. Henry, what are your thoughts? Steve Curry is a piece of shit. That's, that's really what this all boils down to. Jason Tatum did have a better plus minus than Joel and Bead. So there's That. Yes, that's true. Which good point. Which, which Max is in Paris right now and we have a video.


We asked him to record a video message addressing the fact that j Joel Embi was simply horrendous in this game. I think the stats were, I have 'em right here. They were with Joel Embiid playing. They were minus eight without him playing. They were plus 34 and they were Booing the shit out of him too. The French fans don't like Joelle Embiid. Yeah. 'cause they offered him a, a passport. Yeah. Back like two years ago, I think. Spurned him because they were like, we want, we want to get wimpy, we want to get gay and we want to get Joelle em bead to play and just go with like a monster, like monster stars lineup essentially. Yeah. And then Bead said, no, I'm gonna wait to Wait. Go bear Gay, not gay. Yeah. Gobert.


I was gonna say Rudy Gay is French. The Other Rudy, I think your name is Rudy. You, you have a French passport. But no, I Was like, there's is there is Rudy Gay gonna be, because Rudy Gay is one of those guys that he was like a create a, a player, the perfect, like, size, everything. And he just, for some reason it was never like what he was supposed to be. But If, you told me he was gonna be playing in these Olympics. I'd be like, yeah, that makes sense. He's still around For France, him and OJ Mayo, him and OJ Mayo. I'm like, yeah, they're, they'll they'll Be great also Great in 2K. Yeah. Yeah. So I I I feel like France, they're pissed off at Joel and b just like everybody else. Except for Philly fans are, and even they hate him sometimes, but Yeah. Hank that's a good spin zone where it's like, it could have been worse.


He could have played and stunk. Yeah. But he was, you could see him on the sidelines and he wasn't, he, he didn't seem like he was super locked in or super happy when we were doing, like, if you're an injured player on the sidelines, you clap that shit up, you know, you, you root your guys on. But if you're just upset that you're not in and maybe Steve Curry's doing this on purpose. Yeah. Maybe Steve KR is trying to stop the dynasty before it starts. No, see that's what I, I, I appreciate about Steve Curry, even though he is a classless piece of shit. Jason Tatum was there the last Olympics. He led the team to a gold medal. LeBron wasn't there. Steph Curry wasn't there. Joel Embiid wasn't there yet. Somehow Joel Embiid starting this game. He is the worst player on the fucking team, probably in the whole Olympics. But also I shouldn't be screaming.


They glossed over, they didn't put Jalen Brown on the team. And now this, the Celtics are gonna be the most motivated championship winning team of all time coming into next year. Mm. It's gonna be great for Jason Taylor to be back on a team in an organization that actually appreciates him. So in a way, I'm happy that Steve Kerr did what he did, even though he is a piece of Shit. Okay. So it, Derek White and Drew Holiday did play a lot and they played well. Yeah. Question for you Hank, does Jason Tatum, do you think he took a shower after the game? No. Do you think he showered with the boys just to kind of feel some camaraderie? No, probably not. Yeah, that's tough. So you think they're gonna he's gonna get heavy minutes in the second game.


Yeah. I mean Steve Kerr's little excuse after was like, you know, with KD coming I think is they're up 20. Like well he's all NBA Not all game. Wait, so wait, are you saying Jason Tatu should at least be like a, a walk-on scrub player Steve Chris said he couldn't find time to put him in or whatever, which is just bullshit. Like, just let him play. I think what Hank's saying is that the team did really, really well without Jason Tatum on the court. Yeah. Also, Kevin Durant was like out of this world. Good. He started the game eight for eight. Could not miss. So No, I know If, you wanted Jason Tatum to play in instead of him. No, I just think when you have a guy again, like he, he is, he is put in the time he is an all NBA, you know, first team player.


The last two years he just won an NBA championship. I think he can find him a couple minutes, like at least mix him in the rotation. It's pretty disrespectful not to, but it is what it is. But You were saying you, you would rather you think that he should get the minutes of an NBA finals MVP guy. I never said that. Well, Kevin Durant, like that's literally you just putting words in my mouth. I never ever once said that, But Kevin Durant played so well today. You can't take him out when he's shooting that. Well, and he also is one dur dur BA finals. MVPI think too. Kevin Durant played phenomenal. Yeah. Kevin Durant's an all time player. Yeah. Yeah. And Kevin Duran has embraced the nickname finally the Slim Reaper. Yes. Which is about goddamn time because it's such a good nickname. He had the Slim Reaper, he had the tarantula and he was like, no, I wanna be called the Servant instead.


'cause he didn't feel he was worthy of the nickname. No, this is a slim reaper. We have a slim Reaper, Kevin Durant in these Olympics. Yes. And he yeah, he was, he was incredible. I mean, he does play well on super teams. Yeah, It's true. This Is a fact. It's true. So, Hank any other, any other comments from vacation? 'cause this had to have, you know, you're on vacation, you deserve your vacation to then see this happen, you're like, God dammit, I'm gonna have to, I'm gonna have to do like 10 minutes of my job today. That's gotta be brutal. Yeah. I, I did listen to the podcast, earlier's podcast. I got one minute in before I turned it off, so. Oh, why, Why did we say We were nice? I think I think you started by well again, 'cause it's like I talked to you guys behind the scenes.


I'm like, Hey, hey, the whole family's gonna be Together. Oh yeah. The Wednesday, Wednesday start of a vacation. They're All gonna get together for the first time and I don't know how long, do you mind if I take Wednesday? I'll be like, yeah, the lock Absolutely no problem. Do what you gotta do. Like no worries. Yeah. And then I listen to the podcast and it's like, well, Hank's not here. He fucking took a vacation. Vacation. I mean, the lock would start their vacations on Wednesdays. Yeah. Do You're not regretting going even earlier. Lock Didn't plan their vacation around the vacation you planned that. You're not even taking, You should have gone earlier, Hank. You should have taken two weeks. Yeah. I might just not, you know, I might just stay out Here. Well the good news is you are gonna make it back next week for us to golf, Which I didn't plan for the record.


Well you did. Well I am planning it now. But you set it up. No, you set it all up. No, you set it up. You said you wanna play golf and I said Sure. Oh, on Friday. Yeah. Thought about, I thought you were talking about the great week. Well, yeah, you, this is your, you plan this vacation week. Big Cat. I know. And I, I had circumstances that made me not take a vacation. I, but I planned this vacation week. Right. And then I was like, Hey, like I know you planned this vacation week. My family's getting together. Do you mind if I take Wednesday? I'm like, yeah, no problem, dude. You know, of course. Is that how we say It? No, I'm just, I'm just happy that you're happy Hank. 'cause I, I'm looking forward to you getting back in the best of moods. Yeah. And hopefully Jason Tatum plays at least a minute before you get back.


Yeah, I hope so. This is kinda like big vacation for Jason Tatum. Yeah, That's true. He's, he's going over to France. Hey, get an all expense paid vacation to France. His week has been the exact same as Max's. Yeah. Probably down to how many crepes they've been eating. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hank well, any other last words on Jason Tatum? Good job. Derek White and Drew Holiday. Yeah. Love those guys. Miss you guys. I miss you guys a lot. Yeah, it was fun seeing you. We you will be part of Mount Rush where we taped those last week. So you, you'll still hear from Hank, but we had to, we had at least check in on Oh and oh, you also turned it off. 'cause the Aura conversation came back. I don't even think I made it that far. Yeah, yeah.


The Aura came well conversation and I Discussed it. And let's be honest, given what happened today, he lost a thousand or you, You can't Also, you guys didn't like No. His or is at all time lows. Right. You get it. You can can see him on The other get or on the bench. He was on the bench sulking. Oh, actually Hank No, no, no, no, no, no. This is where you're wrong. Okay. I'm screaming again. Don't The don't Wake the baby Hank's a father. The No, it's his nephew. Double uncle. Double uncle. What's that? I have, I have a niece and nephew. Oh wow. Still just a single uncle for both uncle of two. The clip of him shaking his head and chewing the gum on the bench is like, that's an Aura clip.


That's a Okay. When he drops 40, like when he, like that's a when he fucking drops 60 on Steve Kerr's dumbass face next year. Okay. Aura. All right. So Hank is this, is this considered Aura when a trusted Twitter account, NBA Sentel tweets out. Jason Tatum passed 300 Gatorade cups to his teammates Breaking Fanasis at, took KO's record. And then Gatorade replies and says Man of the People and then Quick, quickly deletes it because it's Jason Tatum is a Gatorade athlete. Oh. And it's making fun of Jason Tatum. Yeah. Gatorade fucking sucks too. I like BODYARMOR facts. Okay. Fair point facts. Yeah, good point. Facts. Okay, well Hank thank you. And we'll see you in a, a few days.


Yeah. See you Friday. I'm looking forward to It. Okay. Yeah, for the golf. Bye Hank. Bye Hank. Bye. Okay. That was Henry Lockwood, our good friend and yeah, Jason Tatum did look sad. He, He looked very sad and I, I like to just imagine Hank watching the game and being like, okay, and here's support my country. Jason's gonna get in soon. Yeah. And then the first quarter's over, well Jason's gotta get in and start the second quarter. And then at what point do you just, you opt out of the game? I mean, Derrick White and Drew Holiday did play well, but it is Jason Tatum. I, I, now that Hank is not on, I actually will back him like, what the fuck is Steve Kerr doing? It Was a weird move. Just Put him in for five minutes just so that you can, so it's not a story right now.


It's a very strange move. And maybe he's gonna go with a completely different rotation in game two and have Tatum play like the entire time and have somebody else sit out for most of the game. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what Steve Kerr's up to, but it would be awesome if Steve Kerr was just trying to fuck with the Celtics chemistry right now. Yeah. And just piss off their star player. It was wa fun watching this team play. 'cause they're just so loaded. Like watching LeBron throw oop to Anthony Edwards is just fun. Yeah. And I loved LeBron was pissed off today too. Yeah. We got old school angry LeBron, which is nice to see. And Yeah. Made Yoic look human at times. Although he Yoic got whatever he wanted when he's posting up. You can't stop that. And he also is playing with, you know, I mean there's, I think Jovi is on an NBA roster, but there's not like he's not playing with the guys that LeBron's playing.


Yeah. It's not really fair. You think Yoic is gonna stop by the equestrian competition for a while? He's got to Check out out some horses. He's probably living with the horses. Dude. Probably sleeping in the stables. Memes was watching it today. And he was like getting a little horny about The horses? No, the women about the Okay. On the horse. That's better than I thought. Yeah. Yeah. You Into the crazy horse girls memes. Yeah. I found out. You could bet on it. It's called Dressage. Yeah. Dressage. Oh, that's where the horses do the they Crip walk. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Either way. Trip Dog was there, the Olympics have started. It was a wild opening ceremony that I think they've deleted from the internet because it was getting some backlash. It was weird. The Olympics are, they're very strange about rights though.


I, I know every year they will come at, they shut down Twitter accounts left and right for posting the Highlights. Yeah. I'm saying like the actual Olympics. I think they, 'cause the opening ceremonies were, it was basically watching a boat go by and then like a Fever Dream episode or Zoolander. That was what it was. There was, there was just like, guys, guys and girls walking up and down a, a rain drenched runway and then be like, oh, and there is Finland. Yeah. It, it was very strange. There was that one part where there was a lady that was holding her head. Yeah. And then she started singing and then Jiro, the heavy metal bands started absolutely rocking out. Yeah. That part was kind of cool. And they had the, the blue guy and then The blue guy was weird.


Blue guy was weird. Then they had the horse in the river, the white horse. That was kind of cool. Then they lit the, the flame. but it wasn't it or the Yeah. The, the Olympic flame. but it really wasn't, it was a balloon. It was a balloon that went up in the air. Yeah. They had Rafa Nadal carry the torch. Yeah. That was very bizarre. Maybe the most cucked behavior that I've ever seen to have one of your country's rivals. Yeah. As like a prominent figure at the very end. It's like, wasn't Chicago supposed to get the Olympics? We were in the running for these Olympics. Thank God we didn't get Him. Yeah. That would be like having Aaron Rogers. Yeah. Or Miss O'Leary's cow gets to light the torch. Yeah. Very, very bizarre. I guess. I guess because he is like, always wins the French open. Yeah. That's it.


That's it. Yeah. He's French national hero. I guess he, He is kind of like part of French history. Yeah. He just wins the French open. I think that maybe that's what it was. Like Vietnam gets the Olympics. We're gonna have Sylvester Stallone. Yeah. Like the torch for his work in Rambo. Yeah. It's, it was, it was, I, I enjoyed it, but it was also very bizarre at times. Then we also had the, the picture of LeBron on the boat, which was sick. That was a cool, yeah, it looked like Washington Cross and the Delaware. Yeah. Just leading the, leading the charge. Him and was it Coco Goff? Right. Coco Golf. The other flag bearer. Yeah. I, I get sick of all the countries though. There's too many countries. There's A lot of countries. Can we make less countries in the world? Well It's also kind of sucks when you don't have enough ath athletes. You had to share the boat with like three other countries.


Yeah. That's, That was a little bit of a cuck Behavior. That's that's really rough. Yeah. Okay. What else? In the sports world? We have MLB trade deadline is this week. Hot Stove Week. Hot Stove Week. The Yankees made a move. The Cubs made a move who are not buyers. The Mariners made a move. Mariners made a move. I feel like, I feel like the Mariners could do something. Yeah, they're they're, They've got good pitching. Yeah. They're a good team. I mean they, they've never done anything, but they're a good Team. They've got good pitching now. Maybe they have some hitting. Yeah. The the Cubs move was more, was very much, people are, some people are upset because it looks like they're buyers. They got parades from the Rays who is under contract for three years.


So I kind of like it because it's not, It's not a rental. Yeah. It's not a Rent. There's no rentals. If they did a rental, I'd be very upset. It's trying to build basically like get early into free agency. Yeah. So, but yeah, there's, we got, we got who Jazz is on the Yankees now. Jazz Chisholm. Jazz Chisholm. Yeah. I'm familiar with his name. I just saw a bunch of Yankees fans being like, he doesn't solve a lot of problems, but his name is really cool. Yeah. There was that and That is true. Yeah. I, there was that great. Did you see that catch in the outfield that wasn't in the, the Red Sox Yankees game this weekend? No. The dude jumped into the stands, caught the ball and as he's falling the right fielder, as he's falling into the crowd, he bumps his glove on a Yankee fan.


The ball drops and it's a home run. Who is fucking wild. That is wild. Have the Mets done anything? Memes. The Mets trade for Jesse Winker. Okay. From the Nationals. And then they also got a pitcher who got lit up Today. Ryan Stannick. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Awesome. Re Riley Pimp one. Yeah. And I think the, oh, max had his moment where he thought he was getting Mike Trout, which was fun. Yeah. If Philly's, Jeff Passin tweeted that the Phillies traded like their top two prospects to the Angels for help. And it was I think just a pitcher they got. Yeah. It's Mike Trout. I don't know if he would want to play in Philly. I think he'd want, he Likes football season too much.


I think he'd, I think he'd be like, great. I've been wearing a Phillies jersey underneath my Angels jersey every game. So I Think, I think he loves Philadelphia, but there's probably something nice to him about just not having to worry about expectations at all. Yeah. Yeah. I, I know what's gonna happen. By the way, the Cubs just getting any name, new name in the trade deadline. Even though it's not a rental. I'm gonna convince myself like, oh, they might get hot. I mean you just get in the, get in the playoffs, pitching is good and then weird shit happens in the playoffs. Yeah. We all, I forgot to say we, so Embi was the other story from the basketball game and we had Max send us a video 'cause he's in Europe. We didn't want him to zoom in. It's like four in the morning there.


But we asked Max to please address the fact that Mbbi sucks. So here's Max. Alright. I'm here in Paris. Nice game World. Max Ed may not have had his best game, but I didn't watch it because I was in my French hotel and for some reason they were playing men's French volleyball. So I don't really know what to say. All I can really say is that you Said the Moulin Rouge right now, they At least played the game. You gotta give someone credit for wanting to go out there and represent the country of the USA. Can't say that about everyone else on the court. Can't say that about everyone else on the court. And he's gotta shoot more. And Joe had a much worse half in the second half than he did in the first half.


So there were positives. We can build off this. It's just game one. It's a long tournament and bead will be the elite self that he is. We'll be fine. Jason. Tatum socks. No, aura. Okay. So it's not really a long term, it's two weeks. But the, this is one of those times PFT where I realize it just pays to be us and such tremendous losers because we're making Hank and Max answer for their players. Hank has three players from his team on the, on, on the court. But we're making 'em answer for, for their players sucking when we wouldn't even come close to even coming close to having a guy on the court.


No. One of our Teams. And So I, I pointed out, I made a meme. Actually, Josh Giddy was really awesome for Australia. He Was, I I, I made a meme earlier and it was the, the Drake, when he was wearing the uk, the Kentucky outfit, and people said, bro thinks he's on the team. It was Jason Tatum just on the sidelines wearing team USA, he thinks he's on the team. Somebody responded to me and they said, can you even name your top five wizards in franchise history? And that I thought about it. I was like, this is, this is actually a fair point. Yeah. It's, it's a good problem to have I guess. But what we've successfully done is Hank and Max are so beaten down by us going after Tatum's oral, which is a made up thing that doesn't actually exist. Correct. but it pisses him off. And then Mbbi not winning championships.


They're so mad about that, that they just turn on each other instead. Right, right. So Max's whole thing was just like chasing Tatum wasn't on the court. He has no aura. At least Embiid was on the court. Yeah. And Hank's whole thing was at least he didn't get on the court and embarrass himself like in bead. So we've done a great job as puppet masters. A pivot having our little marionette. Yes. They, they, they should turn on us and, and unite to fight against us, but they're just at each other's throats, which is beautiful. We can't let them ever figure out that they could fight against us. No. Because Once that day happens, it's like they unionize against us. We're Fucked. Yeah. But we But they also naturally hate each other. Yeah. They hate each other. And, and I mean, it's one of those things that when we, if If you just put us in the arena with either of them in a debate, it just, it falls apart very quickly for Them.


So there was one other thing about the Olympics that I wanted to make note of, and that was, did you see the bob, the ka Catcher guy? Yes. Awesome. Okay. So Bob, the cap catcher, one of the swimmers lost her swim cap. Yes. In the pool. They had to delay the start of the next race because there was a swim cap on the bottom of the pool. And the swimmers aren't allowed to get in there and get it out themselves. So they call this random dude out. They said he is an Olympic official. He comes out wearing a multicolored speedo and he's got, I guess dad bod would be a fair way to describe his body. Yes. He doesn't look like an Olympic athlete. He's not, I don't know if he's not in bad shape, but he, he he's not like He doesn't have an Olympic body. Yeah. He's not chiseled at a marble. Yeah. And so Bob comes out his Speedo, dives in, gets the cap, goes to the sideline, holds it up the announcers go nuts for him, it was a very cool moment.


But then I started to think about it, are we being played? Why should we stay woke on Bob the cat catcher? You It just a viral moment that they were trying to Get a viral moment planted. Or maybe he's, maybe he's like working for a, an advertising firm and he's like a mascot of some company. Are they trying to, are they trying to incept us into viral moments? Do they name dudes Bob in France? That's a, that's a great point. I think it would just be Robert. It'd be Robert. Yeah. Yeah. There's no way there's anyone in France that's a French national. That's Bob. Bob. No, no, it's Robert Bob. Yeah, it would be Robert. And they would never dream of shorten it to Rob. And they had the fucking minions in the opening ceremony doing advertising work for Disney.


Oh, by the way, Peyton Manning just being on the opening ceremony. That was weird. Yeah. I was just watching. I was like, is that Peyton Manning's voice? I don't wanna share my, my football players with the rest of the world. No. They don't get to know about all the cool stuff that we watch that they don't get to watch. I do like the fact the Olympics though, because there's so many sports, they really have to stretch it thin on announcers. So you had Peyton Manning, I think Kelly Clarkson was on it. Dwayne Wade did the USA game today. Dwayne Wade. I thought he did a fine job. You don't need a catchphrase for every moment. He was trying to do any, and I I if he does the his pronouns or he him for LeBron. One more time. I'm gonna put a bullet in my head. It was bad. He's done that so many goddamn times that That part was really Bad again.


He did one good. He has one good line. And he's like, I'm just gonna fucking keep doing it. I feel like, I feel like they'll get better. They did an okay job. No, I, I thought I wait. Announcing as on on in totality was fine. It's more that like, you could tell he's, he's trying to do catchphrases on every moment. It's like, just, it's fine. We're good. Yeah. And, and Noah Eagle, like, I, I don't know how his voice sounds like he's been doing it for 50 years, but it's in, it's insane. Yeah. It's it's a big game voice. Yeah. And then Mike, Mike Tarico was doing the opening ceremonies. That, to me that feels like that would be a very hard thing to announce. Yeah. Like all the countries and shit and getting all the timing right and Yeah. Meanwhile you feel like you're on acid because you have a horse running across the Water. And Peyton Manning and Kelly Clarkson sitting on either side of you.


Yeah. They, they bring out the weirdest celebrities for the Olympics. Yeah. It's really strange how they go the people with like the, the highest Q scores that were super popular 10 years ago. Yeah. That's what They go to. It is. It is. So yeah, that's the Olympics. We'll, we'll talk about more Olympics as the games progress. I think we've, we already won a gold medal, right? Yeah. We got, we got a gold Got a gold in the 100 meter. Yeah. Yo Dressel recurring guest. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. So, Great Dude. So was he the guy that we got into the debate with over whether the pool was blue or the water's Blue? I believe so. What did we figure out about that? I don't think we got a answer to it. We gotta we gotta restart that. Oh, here's the medals race.


Okay. USA We have three gold. How, where, where did we get all our goals? Did we dominate the Summer Olympics? It's a fucking joke. You guys try so hard. The swimming events. I think it was swimming. I think we won. Oh, we won fence. We won a golden fencing shadow. JOC He laid the groundwork. Yeah. Swimming. Katie Ledecky finished third though. Yeah, that was, that was tough to watch. That's bad. Did you see the Taiwanese diver that landed on his back? No. That dude rocks. I Gotta see that. That's the other thing is, like you said, the they don't let you share highlights. Yeah. So it's like you can't really see anything. You just gotta be tuned in. Well that, That one, I guess That's what they're trying to do. but it would be nice to be able to see some highlights. I think that The, that US Women's Rugby could win the gold medal because they've got a Loma Mayor who, she had two all time truck stick runs.


She's like, like Lady Rob Gronkowski. That's awesome. I think it was like, I think it was a top play on Sports Center tonight, but she's fucking awesome. And she a tank running people over. So maybe we'll get a gold medal from that in rugby. Yeah. I'll count that as just rugby being back if for ladies can get one. Olympics are fun. Olympics are fun. Free


sports. All right. Wait. Oh it was, it was the, was it a Taiwanese or was it It was the Phil. I think it It was a Filipino diver. Yeah. The guy who just like smash smashes Back. Yeah. Yeah. That was awesome. That was Sick. And then South Sudan won in basketball. Shout out Lou Alang. Lou ald. Dangs got that program going the right direction. We gotta play him on Tuesday. Okay. Anything else, sports wise. Reminder again, take his are on Wednesday. Great take He coming up 28 awards. Very excited for that. All right, let's do who's back of the week. It is brought to you by our friends at Gametime. Did you know you can get tickets to the Cubs, Cardinals this weekend? 35 bucks. You can see our new third baseman. That's right with Gametime. The official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports shouldn't have to worry when you buy tickets to your next big event. Gametime is a fast and easy way to buy tickets to all of the sports, music, comedy, and theater events near you. They have flash deals for sudden discounts zone deals for when you're feeling flexible. And their lowest price guarantee means that If, you can find the same seats for less anywhere else. Gametime will credit you 110% of the difference. Gametime is the best place for last minute seats with up to 60% off your favorite events. What are you waiting for? I'm gonna buy those tickets right now. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply. Download the Gametime app today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed with Gametime


Pardon. My. Take is also presented by BetterHelp. When your schedule is packed with kids activities, big work projects and more, it's easy to let your priorities slip. Even when we know that what makes us happy, it's hard to make time for it, but when you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. So if you've benefited from therapy, you know it's so important to make sure that you take care of your mentals. And BetterHelp is there for you. If you're thinking about starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapists and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy Day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/pmt. Go check it out today and make sure you're taking care of your mental this year. Everyone should be doing it. Even If you don't think you have anything wrong. It's always good to talk to someone. And you can do that with BetterHelp dot com slash pmt.


Okay. Who's back of the week? We're gonna do the Mount Rushmore on the other side of the John Elway interview. Like I said, when Hank was on Hank and Max, we, we already recorded that. So they will be part of it. They're not gonna miss Mount Rushmore. After school snacks. Yeah, After school snacks, which was very funny. PFT your who's back of the week? My who's back of the week is Spygate. Oh. But this time it's Canadian. Oh. The Canadian women's soccer team has sent their coach home. Their assistant coach and technical analyst have also been sent home. They have been docked six points in the group stage, which is equivalent to two wins. So They're out? No, they're not out But it.


But six points is they're gonna be out. They won their first two games. Oh. So They're back to zero. And so if they win their third game, I think they qualify for the next round. Wow. They have to win all three. But their coach, it was against New Zealand. So New Zealand is practicing and the coach hears like a a, were in the background. He looks up in the sky. There's a fucking drone there. It's like one of those Ukrainian Russian videos that they force feed us on, on Twitter now. But he sees the drone notifies the people at the Olympics. The officials look into it, they find the footage. It's a Canadian drone. And apparently they've been doing this going back years back in like World Cups. They've been spy gating on people's practices. Wow. So they got caught, but then now they're on a fuck U tour and they're beating everybody.


So if they win their next game, I'm pretty sure they automatically qualify. Whoa. For the next one. So this is a dumb question. What, what do you spy on for soccer? Just Formations. I guess. They're running fast down the field. Yeah. This per let 'em pass to that person. This person's, it looks like they're really, really hurt. Oh no. Wait, they just got up. They're fine. I guess They're set pieces. Yeah. You could spy probably on set pieces and just formations. That's probably all you'd get. Got it. And they've been doing this going back years. but it was funny 'cause you could look at where they were alleged to have used the drone and then the result of the game and they were getting their ass kicked with the drone. Oh. So it wasn't like they were actually benefiting. It wasn't working That much for 'em. But they still were trying to drone, they were getting their Obama on.


I kinda like that. If you're not cheating, you're not trying. Yeah. And it's also like, I don't know, soccer, drones, just do it. Yeah. I mean, I, I am in favor of trying to get an edge wherever you can. Yeah. That's very like, very brazen. Yeah. Just be like, here's a drone over your practice. I hope they don't see it. Yeah. Okay. My who's back of the week is Urban Meyer. Urban Meyer's back. I just saw that he has an update to his brewhouse, urban Meyers brewhouse. He has a Mexican style lager. Do you know the name of it? No. Oh, triple, like No.


Okay. It's called L lager. LL Lagger. No, El l logger. L Lagger. The Lagger. That's great. That's great. I love that. That sounds like what Budweiser would put on whether can of beers like the NBA does during Hispanic heritage month. Yeah, exactly. L lager. Yeah. But here's the kicker. PFTI. So Don't say kicker around urban. Yeah, that's true. He took a picture from, with I guess his co-owner, some, some gentleman at, at his brewhouse where they sell L lager. He's wearing the exact same polo as the famous knight. And you can't see where his right hand is. So Urban Meyer might just be putting his fingers up butt holes again.


Urban Meyer is probably a swinger. Yeah, I could see that. You remember when he was, he was on that boat, right? And he was doing an interview. Oh yeah. The guy, the shirtless guy was just walking around in the background. Yeah, he's he's got his, you can't see where his right hand is. And it's with, he's taking a picture with four gentlemen and the gentleman to his right has the biggest smile of anyone in the picture. He's getting goose. Yeah. And I don't think that's just the L lager talking L lagger. Where, where is his brew house? I Think it's in Columbus Walk. I might have to stop by The lagger. I'm gonna be in Columbus on, on Friday. I might have, yeah, you should do it. I'm gonna do a little fact finding tour. Just Do an l lagger review. I'll Do a beer review of L Logger. Yeah. L lagger. I just love it. It's like the laziest name you could come up with Lger.


Also, the fact that you're calling it l is just red meat for Michigan fans. L Yeah. Huey your who's back of the week? My who's back? Swimming rivalries. Oh. I feel like we haven't had a good swimming rivalry since Michael Phelp days. And you know Ryan Lochte, who could forget Ian Crocker? Mm. You know Chad Lalo? Yeah. Klaus The the torpedo. Yeah. Ian Torp. Orian Thorpe. Yeah. So now Katie Ledecky's having a couple rivalries that have just beat her in the 400 meter Ariane Titus very, it's like Crispus, but for tits. Yep. From Australia. She's the Aussie. She beat, she won the 400 meter by three full seconds. Which That seems like a long time. Yeah. And It's not nothing.


It's not nothing. Now Katie Ledecky is still favored in the 800 meter at a minus 400 and favored in the 1500 meter at a minus 3,500. But, you know, three seconds is three seconds. Yeah. That could be another a hundred meters. You Know, I'm just gonna say I, I am a fan of rn Titmus Titmus. Yeah. The Ozzy o Oy. Yeah. I gotta take, I'll throw out there about swimming. Michael Phelps ruined swimming for me personally. Why? That's fair. Because he was so goddamn dominant that, and it happened so recently that I'm watching swimming and I'm like, well, Phelps would've beaten all these guys. Yeah. Is he is Do they do the line where it's like, here's where Phelps would've been.


They should. Because it's like, you know what I mean? It's, it's, we saw it so recently him just dominate everyone every single year, year after year. And then to watch it. Now they're still incredible athletes. But it's like Michael Phelps is in the studio right now. Like he probably could get in the pool and beat all of you Right. This second If you wanted to, If he had grown up in this era Yeah. With this technology. Do we have any, I think it needs to be, there just needs to be more time or someone needs to start breaking Phelps record for me to feel like, oh wow, this is incredible. We're watching. 'cause every time I just watch a, maybe there have been records broken of his, but I just watched it. I'm like, Phelps would've fucking killed him. Do we have any, any good Olympic controversies? It feels like every time there's, there's like a summer Olympic games.


There's a controversy about like a new suit somebody's wearing or about like a new, a new bike helmet. No. Yeah. And then they go back and they're like, do do these records even count because this water was faster. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. Oh yeah, the springy track. Yeah, the springy track. I learned one the other day. That's pretty fun. In the Tour de France, there's a thing called sticky bottles. Have you ever heard this? No. So this is like a big cheating thing. There was a, a guy basically as, as angry as the Tour de France can get it. That's what it was. He, he confronted a competitor and said, sticky bot. You sticky bottled that. It's when the car passes a bottle to the guy who's biking and the guy who's biking holds onto the bottle for like an extra beat and gets driven by the car.


Because the guy that's taking the water back Correct. Is pulling him in the car. So Like, you'll like they'll pass the, they'll pass the, the bottle out like this? Yeah. And the, and the, and the, they'll grab it and basically like use the push off. That's smart. Yeah. Sticky bottles. I don't know. It's just a fun controversy. I learned about can You draft the car? Can you accidentally swerve in front of the car and let it hit you lightly from behind? I don't think you nudge you up a little bit. I Don't think. Yeah. But I would sticky bottle the fuck outta the tortoise. Yeah. That's just a good idea. I don't blame the cyclists at all. At least they're not using steroids anymore. Well and They also, the, the best part about the confrontation that I watched, it wasn't in English, but I saw someone explained it. One guy was like, you sticky bottled. And then the other guy was being accused was like, where do you think I learned it?


Basically being like, you're the sticky bottle master. Yeah. It takes one to no one. Yeah. Yeah. I I saw you do it first. Yeah. I do love cyclists fights too. Yeah. Have you ever seen when they actually like try to throw hands? Yeah. It doesn't work. It's not, it's not really a Fight. They're, they're in the realm of athletes that as soon as they get in a fight, they just start to try to kick. Yeah. And you know that, that's just, You do like a Yeah, like a flying leg kick because then you know at least the fight's over after you do that. Because some, yeah. Somebody will jump on you on the ground and cover you up. Yeah. Alright. Good job. Huey Memes. You got a hu Who's back? Sure. Yeah. Robert Downey Jr. Oh yeah. He is playing Dr. Doom. Okay. So first of all, insult stat that I saw was very mean.


They were like Robert Downey Jr. Between the time he was announced as Ironman and the time he was announced as Dr. Doom, the Bears have only won one playoff game. That was mean of that person. I don't even know what that timeframe is. When was Robert? I do know the timeframe. 'cause I know how many Bears playoffs It. Like 2006. Yeah. It was after they, they've won one game. But what are, explain this to me. Memes and PFT. He was Iron Man. Yes. Is he now Dr. Doom in the same universe. So like, wouldn't the characters say, Hey dude, aren't you Tony Stark? Yeah. So the last Avengers movie, there was the next phase of Marvel, which was the multiverse where they could go into different, there's different versions of the, each character in different universes.


Now the person, the bad guy, they made the entire plot around like dozens of movie beat his girlfriend. So now he's out. And, and Robert Downey Jr. For the record, has never done anything wrong. The, not recently, Not since he's been Ironman. Okay. Okay. Got it. So they were, that's That's a funny little wrinkle there. Did Mar did Marvel just trick America into doing Greek mythology? Because I feel like pretty much, I feel like this is our version of Greek mythology, right? Yeah. Like 2000 years from now, there'll be a society and they're gonna unearth all these old Marvel movies and be like, this is what Americans believed in. Yeah. They thought that there was a, a giant dude that snapped its fingers and would kill everybody.


And then Antman will be like the weird question no one gets, right. Yeah. I just love that there's an antman. They made a movie Paul Rudd, Right? Yeah. Didn't he, didn't he fly up some dude's butt and Explode? Just say the minute I saw Antman, I was like, this has gone too far. All right. So I can, I can see fifth graders in like the year 4,000 studying Marvel and be like, this is what Americans believe. Yeah. This is what they were up to. I actually might start, 'cause we, we talked about it on that Mount Rush for things we hadn't seen. I've never seen a Marvel movie. I might start with Antman. Go Straight and just go from there. Go straight from Antman. Go To Antman. Alright. So, so back to Dr. Doom, who is so original. Dr. Doom got in trouble. Robert Downey Jr. Squeaky Clean, he takes over Dr. Doom. But again, won't people be like, dude, wasn't that Tony Stark?


Yeah. So there's the prediction is that he is, this is a alternate universe. Tony Stark. Who's a bad Iron man? That's Dr. Doom. Oh. So it's like Twin brothers. So he Still is Iron Man? Yes. Pretty much. Just And Who is Dr. Doom? Dr. Doom. Is he related to Big Justice, the Doom and, and Boom guys? No, afraid not. Okay. He is the bad guy in Fantastic Four. Okay. Okay. So what does he do? No relation to Rzr. No relation. Okay. Does He have, does does he have any powers? He's just a badass made outta metal. Okay. And people are excited about this, right? Yeah. People are pumped. I'm excited about this too. Can't wait. Because they scrap, they scrapped everything and then they brought back Robert Downey Jr.


The Russo brothers are directing it. Who directed the last two Avengers? Everything's been bad up until this point. Wait, It's gone bad. Yeah. The, this last phase of Marvel has been very bad. Well, Did they run outta source material? Are they still using like, the comic books? They're kind of using the comic books, but they dove into the, the multiverse, which has just gotten very confusing and now they're trying to bring it all back and save it. Got it. Okay. I can't wait for Dr. Doom. I'm fucking jazzed. Yeah. Dr. Doom slash Tony Stark. Okay. Thanks Meme. Gotcha. I'm excited. I'm excited to not watch it, but I'm excited for other people to be excited.


Were people excited? People Were pumped. He got, he got a big Pop. He did. Okay. I'm excited for people to watch it and then be pissed off about it because they thought it would be good. And then it's not good. Yeah. I want, That's always my to be mad. I want people to complain about the casting of a movie. I'm excited. That's the best. I'm excited to see people pissed off walking outta movie theaters being like, that was not a realistic portrayal of Dr. Doom. Yeah. Isn't there a Bob Dylan biopic coming out? People are pissed about that one. Who's playing 'em? I, I, it's, that's why people are pissed. I can't Remember. Wait, who would be the person that would piss off the most people playing Robert Pattinson? No, It's, it's one of the new guys, the new Timothy Chalamet. Okay. Yeah. This is pop culture with PMT.


We got our finger on the pulse baby. I need my kids to start fucking watching shit that like, they can actually help me like, be cool again. Like Marvel stuff. Yeah. Yeah. It's too confusing for me. It's Way too, after I did, After I missed the first like five movies, I was like, I'm just not gonna do this. We Should have Robbie just make us a big chart. If I could see a chart, I think it would help. But there's been so many movies. There's a timeline of movies when they came out. I also need to, We should just, we should sneak attack everyone and just go into a bunker and watch every single one and then just come out and just start heavy, heavy drops of like, you know. Oh, it's like this time in this movie. Yeah. You're like, what the fuck just Happened?


I've been doing that for the last three episodes. I've been dropping Godfather quotes. Yeah. Yeah. Still haven't seen it, But, but quotes But I've been looking up the quotes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's get to our interview with John Elway.


Before We get to John Elway, he's brought to you by our good friends over at Shady Rays. Get ready for the season with official sunglasses, brand of Barstool Sports Shady Rays, it's sunglasses season. And our friends have you covered with their newest and boldest premium polarized shades. They're kicking off their most anticipated release of 2024 with a limited edition debut of the rival collection. It's a new single lens style in Barstool Blue. It's got a premium stool and stars lens etch. And if you're looking for something more casual, the classics are also getting the Barstool treatment. Both of these styles are perfect for all day, everyday comfort and performance. They have hundreds of options to choose from. So you're bound to find the perfect pair for your style. If, you don't love your shades, exchange them for a new pair. Or you can return them worry free within 30 days. There's no risk with shady rays. Their team always has your back with personal and fast support. Head to shady rays.com. Use code PMT, get 35% off polarized sunglasses. Try for yourself. They're the best sunglasses in the entire world. And they've been rated five stars by over th 300,000 people.


John L was also brought to you by Verizon. It's the best time of year for football fans. The NFL is finally back and this season, Verizon wants to help you win Sunday. What does that mean? It means getting your teams games every Sunday afternoon, even If. you don't live in market. Personally as a commander's fan living in Chicago, there's nothing better than sitting down on my couch on a Sunday afternoon, turning on the TV and having my team's game right there waiting for me. That's a win. Maybe get roped into some Sunday plans like brunch with your not really sports people in-laws or Apple picking wine tasting or whatever else people don't, who don't watch football do on weekends. With Verizon, wherever your Sunday takes you, you can bring your teams along with you right there on your phone. So you don't have to miss a moment of an out of market Sunday game, even in the middle of some pumpkin patch. That's a win too. And for the 2024 season, Verizon's gonna hook you up with an awesome deal on Sunday ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv. You can spend your Sunday afternoons watching your teams at your place, on your tv, on your phone when you're on the go. And even if your team doesn't go undefeated, at least with Verizon and NFL Sunday, take it from YouTube. You're still winning on Sunday. Go to verizon.com, get an awesome deal on NFL Sunday Ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv. Check it out.


And now here's John Elway. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. It is our chill Week interviews presented by Coors Light and Chevy Silverado. It is NFL Hall of Famer. John Elway living legend. I, I gotta, I gotta tell you this, Sean, just to start, we've been doing this for eight years now. We've had a ton of different guys come through and in great interviews you're up there with like, maybe a little nerves because you are such a living legend. Do you realize how much of a living legend you are? No, I'm still, I'm still looking out from these same eyes as I did my whole life, so, okay. So no, I think that, you know, I was happy to be able to play as long as I played and, and fortunate, very, very fortunate.


And, but no, I'm still looking out the same eyes and so enjoying life and, you know, glad to be here with you guys. Yeah, I, I think what what Big Cat get at too, and at least for me is growing up when I fell in love with football, you were a football. Yeah. You were a, a huge part of the NFL. And so those formative years where we fell in love with the game, that was John Elway. Yeah. I was watching John Elway comebacks We Children of the nineties. Unfortunately, that's a long time ago. But, you know, it's, it was a lot of fun while I played, you know, we had, I played in a great era, you know. Yeah. Danny Marino, Jim Kelly, you know, Warren Moon, all those guys. It was Joe Montana. So, I mean, we had a, you know, a bevy of great quarterbacks back then. It was really special times to play, you know, obviously they're making a heck of a lot more money now. Yeah. But I'm not sure I would trade that.


I, I really trade, I really enjoyed playing the time when I played and with the guys I played with. Well, Have you ever thought about like, today's day and age in the NFL guys are passing for such insane numbers, what your numbers would've looked like, If. you were, and it would've been crazy. Not only that, I, you know, I look at how they get protected now. Yeah. They get protected a heck of a lot more now than they, than, you know, we did, did back when we played. So I think I'd enjoy that even probably more than the money and maybe played a little bit longer. Yeah. But, you know, the game has just kept growing and growing and, you know, the players and athletes are getting, you're so good now. And, you know, so, and with the offenses opening up and the protection, you know, rules that they're putting in to protect some of the, the players is I think is all a good thing. But, you know, it just continues to keep growing and growing.


Yeah. So, so PFT mentioned us falling in love with football in the nineties. When, when did you fall in love with football? I know you're a son of a coach, so you were around it your whole life, but when was the first moment where you were like, this is, this is the sport I love. 'cause obviously we we're talk about it, you're baseball, you're an incredible baseball player, but when was it football? You know, when I was younger, you know, I, because I, my dad was a coach like you said, so we kind of bounced around. I lived in Missoula, Montana when I was like first through fifth grade, so I didn't start playing. I played baseball and basketball a lot. Tackle football didn't start until I was in the fifth grade. I played one year of fifth grade in Missoula, Montana was a running back. And, and then we moved from there to Pullman, Washington at Washington State. And they really didn't have Pullman's not big enough to have a really, a football, youth football program.


And so I didn't play a game until the ninth grade. Excuse me. So really my favorite sport when I was younger was basketball. Really? Yeah. Little Playing. I'm, you were a little time, you were Basketball, You that too. I could shoot, but I slowed down fast and then Yeah. You know, but, and then, you know, baseball was a big part of that too. And so then dad got fired at Washington State. We moved down to Southern California and in the San Fernando Valley went to Granada Hills High School and the coach there, his name was Jack Newmeyer, was Canada. The, the offense was wide open. You spread the field with five wides and threw the ball every down. And so really when you talk about, when I first fell in love with football was my 10th grade year when I started to, you know, playing quarterback. I played ninth grade year in Pullman, which was a single wing handed the ball off.


So it wasn't a whole lot of fun. Yeah. But then when I got down to California, we started throwing the football all over the place. And that's when, that's when, you know, I started loving football, Started slinging it. I read a, a very funny story that in your ninth grade year when you showed up for the first day of practice, your dad in the car said, what position are you gonna play? And you said, running back. And he was like, you're not as fast as you used to be. Which is an insane thing to say to a 13-year-old. Well, we, we were in an old Chevy imp pollen. We pulled up and Exactly, that's exactly what he said. What position you going out for today? I said, running back. And the car went into park and 15 minutes later when I got outta the car, I was a quarterback. But that was one of, that was one of the comments was the fact to say, listen, you're slowing down a little bit. If you, I think, I think, you know, you're probably better off trying to play some quarterback.


I think you're at the better position for you. So That's, I mean, it's just, I guess that speaks to your relationship with your dad. The honesty was there that he could be like, you're not that fast anymore. Yeah. How fast were you at 12? Yeah, I could, you know, when I was younger I was fast than everybody. But then everybody caught up. Right. When, especially when you start growing, you know? Yep. You know, they start catching up to you. So, you know, and he had a good feel for it. And I respected him so much. So sure enough, I went out for quarterback and probably, yeah. You know, that's one of those forks in the roads, you know, and if he, and the thing is they get fired at Washington State and he's, and he went for the hijab. 'cause he graduated from Washington state, went to school there undergrad. And so, and he was the runner up for the job. And thank god he didn't get that job.


Otherwise I'd probably been a baseball player and, you know. Yeah. 'cause the high school ran the single wing. And so it would've never been exposed to what I got exposed to when we went down to Southern California in football. Wow. Yeah. Probably a good choice. So when, when you're playing quarterback, you're obviously, you've got, you had great wheels, you were still fast even at 13, 14, 15 years old, you slow. They needed to be. Yeah. But I feel like in that era, coaches were, were more hesitant to have their quarterbacks run around out there. Or was, maybe it's different in high school where they said, okay, If, you see a play, go make a play. Right. Or did you ever have a coach that at, you know, whether it be in high school or or in college that was like, Hey John, stop running the ball so much, you're gonna get hurt. No, I think that they, you know, they said be smart. You know, and the fact that that, 'cause that was part of my game.


I like to move around and try to make some plays if I had to. And, you know, If, you know, protection broke down, then I like to get outside and do those type of things. But, you know, they always, you know, I pressed on me that, Hey, listen, get out there and do what you wanna do, but just be safe and take care of yourself. And so, yeah. You know, and back in those days, you know, you could go feet first. Right. I never went feet first. 'cause I always felt more wide open to a hit, you know, a late hit or a cheap hit, you know, a cheap shot that, you know, knocked me out with me just being exposed like that. So I always tried to go down and just use my head and my shoulders and was felt more protected. Plus going down feet first. I've always figured you lost like three yards comparing to go going head first stuff. That's true. Yeah. I just go for their feet and do that. Do it that way.


Mean, I mean, one of the most iconic plays in NFL history is the helicopter in the Super Bowl against the Packers. How many times did you, well, let, let me first say when you that play is happening, were you like, this is going to, I'm gonna get fucking crush. It was three packers coming at you and you were like, I'm just going head first. You know, there's a funny story about that play. It was third and sixth and, and we'd run that play all week in practice. And I told Mike Shanahan and Gary Kube 'cause the also offensive coordinator. And I'm like, and it was set up for a certain defense and I really didn't like the play in practice, but we kept running it and I kept telling Mike, you know, I really don't like that play. And he finally came to me and he said, John, against this formation in this situation, it's a hundred percent we're gonna get this coverage.


And I said, okay, great. You know, and I think it was both corners had to be bummed, but safety over the middle, da da da. I can't remember exactly how it was set up, but sure enough, I walked in the line of scrimmage and they're not in that defense. So I know I've got nothing. So I just really kinda dropped back and tried to find a scene, get outside, try to make a play. And I looked for the first down marker and they kinda stayed back. And I said, all right, I'm gonna turn this, turn this thing up and see how far I can get. And, and then I said, all right, well I think they, they think I'm going down low. So I put the big old six inch vertical on 'em and went right over the top. Do you remember like, in being in air? Like, whoa, this is Crazy. I do, because I got discombobulated. 'cause I got spun around. And then the one thing I do remember is I looked to our sideline and our whole sideline was going nuts.


And so the adrenaline rush that came from that was, I still get chills when I when Yeah. It was one of the coolest plays ever. Yeah. The you funny is a lot of people think it was for a touchdown. It was not. It was just for a first down. We ended up scoring on that drive. But obviously with where that game ended up, it was a pivotal, pivotal play. You should Get, like, you should get residual checks too, because I feel like the NFL used it in every highlight package for the next 20 years. That would be nice if they had those. Yeah. Unfortunately. Unfortunately they don't have those yet. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was a great game. I, I remember those two super bowls and one of the, the key parts of your offensive line, good friend of ours, mark Sleeth comes on the show a lot. He was actually my little league baseball coach. Oh really? Yeah. It's 'cause he was in DC then he went out to, to Colorado. So you signed this, you know, a, a good free agent guard coming out from Washington Super Bowl champion comes out there.


You're probably excited to have a, a great player on your offensive line. But was there a small party that, that was like, why does this guy just piss on himself all the time? It stinks. This guy Just smells so bad. I was, Sterly wasn't a center. Yeah. You know, because I'd had to put my hand underneath him. But yeah, I mean that was, that was, you know, that's probably why he got the name stink too. Because of the fact that, you know, he would do that. But yeah, it was always amazing to me that he would, he would do that the time he Stayed away. It's it almost like a fountain. Weird weirdest segue ever. But we're saying the word stink. I read that you also, the only sport you ever quit was wrestling in eighth grade because you wrestled against a guy, a kid who smelled really bad. He smelled really bad. Yeah. So how bad did he smell? It was bad, you know, 'cause my dad always said, once you start something, yeah, you gotta finish it.


Right? So he'd never let me quit anything. And he said, you know, and he tried to say, you know, I don't think you ought do this, da da, but no dad, I wanna do it. Then I get in and realize, you know, he was right again. And, but I had to finish it. And so, and he didn't, he wasn't a big fan of wrestling either. And so, but yeah, I had to practice against him every day. And, you know, it wasn't like we were in matches against him. It was like I had to wrestle against him every single day. So he finally love me and he didn't, he smelled really bad. So did you, I mean, I, to where I was gagging, I'm like, dad, I'm, I'm gagging. I got, I can't do this. You gotta Let me. And you told your dad that, you're like, listen, it's not that I like am not tough enough for you. It's like, this kid just smells so bad. I can't Do itt Do I, can't I gag while I went practice until I can't do it anymore. He said, all right, this is the one time I'm gonna let you do it. That's Incredible.


You could have Gained 10 pounds, been outside his weight class, you don't have to wrestle this. We're the only two biggest guys in the class. So that's why I was stuck with him. The other guys were little small guys and so we couldn't, couldn't Do that. That's incredible. So we're talking about your super bowls. The crazy part about your career is, you know, in sports media there's the whole can't win the big one. You go to three super bowls early in your career and then it's eight year gap till you win two to end your career storybook ending. Like I, I think when everyone thinks about like what they want to do to end their career, it's John Elway. That's what you think of back to back super bowls. But in that progression, was there ever a moment where you're like, maybe I, maybe I'm not gonna win the big one? Yeah, I mean there was a lot of time in there. I think you obviously we had really good teams in the eighties.


We weren't good enough. You know, you gotta be really, really good to win a championship. And I think we found, I found that difference out when we had finally won one in the late nineties compared to what we were in the eighties. But yeah, there was a time in those eight years we'd kind of changing coaches. Dan Reeves left and I think Wade Phillips came in and was there for a couple years and then Mike Shahan ended, ended up coming back and so, but there was a dry spell there. You know, we were about 500 we're still making the playoffs but you know, didn't have a chance to really compete for a championship. And then when Mike came back in 95, you know, we turned things around Rell Davis, we drafted Rell Davis that year and Mike was, you know, run based on run with, you know, with play action off that and real good in the pass game. So we had a good year in nine, five in 95 and the 96.


Yeah, we had a really good team. We had the number one seed wrapped up. We were playing Jacksonville. Jacksonville was come to Denver. And you know, that we thought, you know, that was the year I'm going, you know, we got a chance to win this and then we end up getting beat by Jacksonville upset in the first round. And so I think that was the most devastating loss other than the Super Bowl losses, you know. And then at that point in time you start wondering, well yeah, what's it gonna take? And I know, you know, at that point in time I was 36 years old and so I was running outta time. And so whether we're gonna ever be able to get back. But fortunately we came back and kinda used that the next year as incentive. Yeah. I was just, and we went through the hard way, right? 'cause we were, Kansas City won the division, we went in as wildcard really. And so we Jacksonville came in the next year, big enough shot at them and then we had to go to Kansas City and Pittsburgh to get back.


And then we're playing the Packers that, you know, were defending Champs, we're 14 point underdogs and we're going to that game. And I can remember getting on the plane that we're leaving Pittsburgh, going back to Denver and I get, I get on the, the plane going back and I call my mom. I said, mom, can you believe we'd get a chance to go back and be world champions again? And there's a long pause and she finally says, do we really have to go back to the Super Bowl again? Yeah. Because It was not good memories the first three times. No. Yeah. So do you think the Jaguars, 'cause I've watched some of the like NFL film stuff about those Broncos teams and it feels like that Jaguar's loss was almost a reason why you guys were able to get over the hump the next two years because it was a game that you should have won.


You guys were way better and maybe didn't take them as seriously as you as you should have. And that's like the last piece of a championship team. Yeah. Yeah. There's no question that added a lot. I think that it was stuck in everybody's craw for the next year. And so there's no question that that, and plus even going back into the next year and in 98 when we come back after the Packer game, we knew we were really good football team. And if we, and our attitude was always, if we just go play like we're capable of, we're gonna beat everybody. Yeah. And that's, you know, and that's, that's really fun to be on a team like that. Yeah. Especially to have a run a game like we had and played really good defense. And so that's what happened in 98. We were really good in 98, you know, 13 and oh until we got beat by the Giants in week 14 I think. And so on a late, you know, late bomb to, I can't remember who it was, but you know, but so then we go to Miami, get killed down there and bounce back and then get to the playoffs.


Yeah. Storybook ended. Yeah. Was, so you mentioned the point spread 14 points in Super Bowl, that's a big massive, big massive point spread. Massive. It really was like you, it must have felt like you against the world. Did you guys u use that as motivation? Like, Vegas doesn't believe in us. We did and I, but I, you know what? I also think, I think because of the, what the, the trek we made through the playoffs, having to go to Kansas City and having to go to Pittsburgh, two really tough places to play, I think really, you know, hardened us. And we knew that again, the Packers were really good and, but if we go out and played, like we're capable of, and and Mike did a great job, Gary, with the, with the game plan because we, it was a mismatch for us. Our, our white outs against their secondary, they were really good in the secondary. And so, you know, Mike went in and said, Hey listen, we gotta run the football against these guys.


Bill to win it. Leroy Butler was their strong safety at the time and he always wreaked havoc, havoc inside as a free safety kinda roamed and did a lot of different things and caused a, a lot of mis mischief in there. And so we were able to kind of formation him out of that situation and allowed us to run the, you know, run the football and trail had a great game. The offensive line up front was tremendous. Yeah. And this wore those guys down. They actually put one extra d lineman down before the game. And so, you know, we get into the fourth quarter and we knew we're in pretty good shape when the game was close. Yeah. They had Big Gilbert Brown, right? Yeah. Who was like one and a half defensive linemen at Playing Like six on the line at that point. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I don't think he could take three steps forward in that fourth quarter. He was so tired. Yeah. Yeah. Probably not swam down.


You were talking about like the, the hostile environments, like going to Kansas City. I just watched a clip. I didn't know that you used to be able to tell the referees to quiet the crowd noise down. Yeah. Like when you were backed up in the end zone at Arrowhead, right? Yeah. You would, you would tell the refs, Hey, they're being too loud. Then the refs would get on the PA and say, you guys need to shut up or else it's gonna be a penalty against the chiefs. Yeah. When did that stop? That stopped the next year. 'cause it didn't work very good. Yeah. They noticed the crowd out Louder. They, everybody would just get mad about it. So, and you know, and then you got TV worrying about how much time they're taking 'cause they want the game to fit in a three hour window. Right. So I was, I remember standing in Kansas City one time for like three minutes just waiting for them to, you know, and as soon as the referee says, be quiet, they're going, they get louder. Yeah. Right. So that was in I think for one year and then kinda got, got outta that.


So Yeah, that was quite a yeah. Big rule change. Yeah. I can't imagine that Days didn't work until, yeah, I went back. So it was always, Kansas City was always a tough, tough place to go. Yeah. It was always very loud. Same as it is now. And so This might be a tough question, but how, how, how mad were you that you had to present the Lombardi trophy to the Chiefs this year? Oh, You know, I wasn't mad. You know, the thing is, I was, I really, I was pulling for Johnny Lynch who's a, you know, a good buddy as a gym and with the Niners and then Kyle obviously was, you know, running around our practices all the time when he was younger and, and when Mike was with, with the Broncos. And so, you know, just the infinity for those guys and you know, and they'd been there, you know, before and lost one. And so it was really pulling for them. It such a tight game. But you know, you look at Kansas City, Andy Reed and, and Patrick, I think, you know, to me Andy Reed is kind of one of the unsung heroes as far as a head coach and the cred credit that he gets being a head coach.


'cause he is had a tremendous amount of success everywhere he is been. And I think we see that with Kansas City now, especially with Patrick and what he's done with Patrick. Yeah. He's really taken advantage of what he does best. Yeah. It was a Raiders fan's worst nightmare. It was in the Raiders stadium and it was the Chiefs who they rivals with. And then you were there. It was basically every, every bad thing that could ever happen to the Raiders. Yeah. It was just all in one spot and you just had to watch it All. That's yeah, exactly. I mentioned you're a living legend, which you are. I think the craziest part is you are part of two of the most iconic moments drive in football history that so much so that they're just called the play and the drive.


So I wanted to talk about both of them. The play, the band on the field. Have you gotten to a point now where you can be like, that actually was pretty funny. You know, Like, it, it's crazy. You know, and we're talking about the play just to be Stanford. It was actually, people didn't realize it was my last college game. Yeah. You know, and a lot of people didn't realize they even played in that game, but you know, it was, you know, it was obviously very, at that time, very disappointing. 'cause we thought we were going to a bowl game and you know, we were gonna be, if we'd won that game, would've been six and five and had a chance to get to a bowl game. We hadn't been to a bowl game and it's not in today's world where there's so many different bowls that, you know, you got a lot of different options. And so we're all excited, you know, making that comeback. We picked up a fourth and 17 just the drive to get us back to where we kicked the field to go ahead.


I think, you know, and then there's eight seconds left on the, on the clock and then chaos breaks out. Right? Yeah. but it was funny. So I was, I've gotta play something Coeur d'Alene Idaho. And so we went out to lunch and we're at this place called One Shot Charlie's and I sit down and there's this older gentleman sitting next to me and he taps me, he goes, Hey, da da da. We start talking. He says, we have something in common. I said, we do. He goes, yeah. He goes, I was the empire for the play. And I looked at him, I said, so it was your fault, You Son of a bitch. Oh. And so it was, it was funny that, that, you know, what is it, 45 years later now and you know, to see the umpire again was, it was kind of fun. Yeah. But you know, that was one of those plays that very disappointing at the time. But like you said, you know, you see it every Thanksgiving.


Yep. And, and so now, yeah, there's no question it's, we've done a lot of different things on it too. So it's, yeah. You look back on it and now you just say, you know, I'm kind of glad to be a part of it. You know, it's gonna be around forever. It was, it's like objectively kind of funny that this actually happened. Right. Like it's such an insane thing to happen. Yeah. That you can't even believe it. Even when you watch a replay knowing what's gonna happen, you're like, wait, well there's the tuba player. What's going on here? Right. And The funny thing is, for a week I was hoping that they were gonna turn that thing over. Yeah. Probably. I mean we, we held on for a week, right? Yeah. but it Oh yeah. They're gonna come back and they're gonna figure out a way to turn this thing around. But 45 years later it has not been turned around. Yeah. It is crazy that they just allowed the marching band to go onto the field like that. Forget about turning it over a week later. Like that should One second later.


My might be questioned all the time I've asked, I said, what if the trombone player was on the 10 yard line and the guy ran over him with the ball had gone down. Yeah, Yeah. Does he, does trombone player get the tackle? Yeah. And he gets the tackle now. Now do they call that a touchdown or what? What, you know, what is the rule there? He still, that's the question they've never got answered. Yeah. A saxophone player forces a fumble. Yeah. And then, and then you guys get the ball. Return it. Yeah. Maybe what happens then? Yeah. There's no way to know in that moment that like, you know, you're on the sideline future John Elway comes down and talks to President John Elway, don't worry, you're gonna look back at this, at this and it'll be an iconic moment in football history. Yeah. In four, five years. Yeah, You'll be fine. I'm Not sure I would've believed you at that point in time, but Yeah. But then you had the drive, like I said, I mean the, the being part of the play and the drive.


I mean, how, how often I, I think this is a stupid question, but I am always like very curious guys who played in the league and had such incredible success. How often do your mind wander just back to that, to the drive? You know, a lot. 'cause it, it comes on, you know, and every anniversary it's on there a lot. So, you know, I I still enjoy watching it, you know, and it's kind of funny that that was in my fourth year, you know, in my, my first year, my rookie year struggled a little bit and you know, so it was up and down and you know, things kept getting better as time. But that was kinda my coming out party when we were able to do that in the situation we were in Cleveland and get it into overtime and then eventually win into overtime. And so, but those are the type of things, like you said, memories be able to look back and really, the older you get, the more you kind of appreciate it. Yeah.


And you know, so because the memories are so great and, and I, you know, proud to be part of it. Yeah. To Drive wouldn't that 98 yards. 98 yards. Yeah. 98 yards. 98 Yards. You came with what, five minutes left? Five minutes to go. Yeah. And so, you know, picked up a couple fourth downs and you know, and the thing is that game, we, you know, Cleveland was a really good football team. They were really good on defense. We hadn't had a lot of success all day on, on offense with only scoring 13 points up to that point in time. So to go 98 against him and with five minutes to go, you know, we started making some plays. And the thing is about that drive, we just started trying to get some first downs, get some breathing room right. Take it in one bit at a time. And, and then you could hear and the stadium was loud and then you could just Hear that stadium kept getting quieter, quieter, quieter, quieter.


And you can feel the momentum switch. And so then we got it going and we're able to make those plays and then really win in overtime. Which, you know Yeah. People forget that we still had to go into overtime and win it. It Is an all time moment listening to a crowd when a drive like that happens and you can feel that they have the energy at the start and then it slowly just goes away where you, like, even on third down you can hear them trying to bring it back to that energy. Right. But you know, you kind of have 'em, right. Yeah. You know, and that's the thing is you almost enjoy stadiums getting quieter than you do at home when they get louder. Yeah. You notice it more when you're on the road and you're getting quieter. So Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, there is, that's a good point. There is that very sad third down tier we're trying again, after you've got like If, you've gotten two fourth down conversions on the same drive, then it's third down again.


Then it's just like, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna try. Yeah. But you know that you've got 'em when they got that sad level of Yeah. Yeah, exactly. The volume in the stands. Yeah. It's hard to get that Back.


We're gonna get back to John Elway in a second. He's being brought to you by Catalyst Fitness. We might be in trouble. I think Hank might have a chance to dunk our friends over at Catalyst heard that Hank needed help and they came to his rescue. We tried a few weeks ago. It was wild. It was a crazy exercise. The Catalyst EMS suit is a high tech fitness solution that uses electro muscle stimulation technology to optimize your workout effectiveness. It's an EMS suit that sends electrical impulses directly to all your major mu muscle groups, causing them to contract, activating twice as many muscles as any traditional workout in just 20 minutes. I've been talking to a lot of people about the workout that we did with the Catalyst suit because I felt like I was actually getting a good workout in. Yep. They had us do this workout routine, they had us put on the vest, put on all the sensors, and I was sweating my ass off by the end of it felt like a good workout. I was sore for two days afterwards, felt like my muscles were really building something up. It felt like I just got done with a, a full body workout with zero time wasted driving to the gym or the need for additional equipment. Catalyst is literally the one-stop shop for the best, most efficient workout of your life. It's like having a personal trainer embedded in your workout gear, pushing you to achieve more and less time and allowing you to enjoy a workout experience. It's a hundred percent customized for you. Try the fitness solution that golfers are using to up their swing speed actors are using to get ready for the next role. And regular guys named Hank used to get ready to dunk a basketball for the first time. Visit catalyst.com/pmt to learn more. That's K-A-T-A-L-Y-S t.com/pmt to learn more.


And now here's John Elway. You, you were talking about some of the guys in that draft class. Did you have like a, a ongoing rivalry at whether it was something that you communicated to those other guys or just something that you kept track of in your head where you're always competing against the guys that were drafted in your same class? Yeah, I mean I think there was, there's no question. There's always a competition with us, you know, and I think especially with you look, you know, coming out and Jimmy went to the USFL to start with Kelly, he was at in Houston for a couple years before he went to Buffalo, but Dan was down in Miami and you know, the big thing is he was the last pick player picked of those six quarterbacks that year. And so, you know, and then Danny came out his second year and threw for 5,000 yards. Right. Went to the Super Bowl and actually they played it at Stanford Stadium.


Yeah. Right. And that's we, that year we got beat in the first round. We had the home field out that year too, my second year and got beat in the first round there. So, but I think a, after that point in time it was really kinda chasing Danny. 'cause Danny was having so much success down in Miami and then Jim went, you know, when he came back and went up to Buffalo, you know, they opened it up and had that Red gun I think they call it. We're throwing it all over the place. We were a little bit with, with Dan, we were a little bit more conservative and, you know, running, you know, run the ball and throw it when we needed to. But you know, we were, we were winning football games. Yeah. You know, and you couldn't, can't argue when you're winning football games. And so, and then able to get to those three out of four years we got to the super bowls and unfortunately didn't win 'em, but we're able to get there. Yeah. So in, in that draft, obviously the, the famous, you're gonna maybe go play baseball if the Colts, the Colts do take you.


But if they decide to keep you, was there ever a moment that you were nervous that like maybe I'm bluffing, like 'cause you, you love, you love football and if they just say, Hey, we'll we're willing to burn a pick here. W were you willing to be like, I'm done with football, I'm gonna play baseball? Well, my plan was really to go play baseball for a year. 'cause I had signed with the Yankees after my sophomore year, during my junior and senior year I played mi minor league baseball up in Onion to New York for the Yankees. And so I was in a contract with the Yankees and so I, my plan was to go play baseball for a year, then my name would've gone back in the draft the next year. Got it. Right. So they lose, so the col would've lost the rights to me the next year. Yeah. So my name would've gone back into the draft. So that was the worst scenario.


But I wanted to play football. Right. And, you know, and so I thought there was gonna be a trade done before the draft and you know, I really thought I was gonna the Raiders really. And that night before it was through Chicago. And so, and then I think with and Al, Al Davis at the time was I think soon or was in a lawsuit with with the NFL. Yeah. Yeah. And him and Pete Rozelle didn't get along very well. So rumor has it that Pete kinda got involved, got to, got ahold of Finks in, in Chicago and said, you can't let this go through. Yeah. And so then the, that trade through fell through and so then the Colts kind of got stuck and ended up taking me and so Yeah. When they said your name, did you know that you were like, they were already back channeling that you're you're not gonna be or were you like, shit, they did take me?


No, We knew we can't. I knew it by then. Right. Yeah. It wasn't back then when we got, we'd have, we'd go, we were down, we rented a suite with all the guys that were gonna get drafted and watch the draft and you know, kinda all got together and did it that way. And so I was in constant contract contact with my agent all the time. And so I knew once we got close to the draft that the quilts were gonna take me. So Yeah. And you turned out to be correct 'cause they moved, the Colts moved, right? They Moved the next year. Yeah. So you were, you were kind of vindicated in That. And that's what I kept trying to say. It's like nothing against Baltimore. I had never been to Baltimore. It really was nothing against Baltimore, But it was, the franchise was kind Of m but it was a franchise and where they were and you know, they'd drafted ster a couple years before and so you, it was just, you know, didn't feel like it was a gr you know, and having the, the the, the leverage with baseball, you know, and really my dad was one that was, that led this whole charge.


Yeah. And he was smart enough to do it at 22. I was not the one that was gonna lead that charge, but he wanted to get me in a situation that was gonna allow me, you know, to be the best player that I could be with a good organization that thought I had a chance with. So Yeah. And then years later you get, you get Peyton Manning from the Colts to Denver. Yeah. Yeah. You're like, they must hate you in Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well fortunately that yeah, they, they let him go. So they were more mad at the organization that allowed us to get him. Yeah. Yeah. Was there ever any thought of, of playing both? No. No. I didn't, you know, I, I spent so much time at, you know, at football and I was, I was a better football player than I was a baseball player. Just 'cause of the num you know, the amount of time I spent at it, you know, I always, I went to college roommates, both of 'em had really good major league careers, you know, so I think I could have had a good major league career, but I don't know that it would've been at the level that I had with when playing football.


Yeah. 'cause It didn't, the story goes that George Steinbrenner said that he would, you were gonna be the starting right fielder by like 85. Right? Yeah. He did Say, say that. And that's pretty Cool just having that, that's really cool. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, but like I said, I, I really wanted to play football. I loved playing the quarterback position and, and felt I was a better quarterback than I was an outfielder. And so, but Well thank you for playing football. It would've just, wouldn't have hit the same John Elway baseball player like, you know, career like two 80 hitter, which would've been great, but Right. Like no John's Football players Lot. Right. So, but yeah, it worked out great and thank God they traded me to Denver. And Denver. Denver was really never on the list of, you know, we were talking to different teams before the draft of where I might go.


San Diego was in it, but, 'cause they had three first, but they were really trying to get Fout signed. Fouts was a free agent at that time. And so they didn't have free agency but not under contract. And so they kinda used that leverage to get Dan signed. So that kinda ended San Diego, you know, Seattle was a possibility. New England. So yeah. And then it ended up, Denver was kinda, we asked Denver, they said no. Yeah, we're not interested early. And then they came back late. So it was, and It all worked out. It worked out. Yeah. As an executive we noticed that you had a type in quarterbacks. What's the shortest a quarterback can be in your opinion? Because you really do like him tall. Yeah, well and I, yeah, I went tall. Yeah, you I went tall.


We Would see a tall guy would be like, that's John Elways next quarterback. Yeah. Do you see Big Cat? He's like six three. And you're like, I I Could work with this Guy. Yeah, There you go. Not bad, right? I know It. But yeah, I think, you know, and but I think there's a limit that's too tall too, right? Well, not really Tall Quarterback, you b brought Sweer a contract. That's just not true. You Could go Yeah, that's true to the tallest. And in 2015 when we won Super Bowl 50, Brock came in and played seven games for us and played really well. That's true. So you were, you were Indicated there. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't think, yeah, especially in today's game, you know, with, especially with the way they're protecting the quarterbacks and those type of things, I don't think you have to be nearly as tall as you just have to be. And you know, I, I believe that, you know, as a quarterback, it's great If, you have the ability to move around and extend plays and make plays that's huge to be able to get out and run around the pocket.


But I still believe that, and I learned this, is that to win super bowls, you have to have a quarterback that can win it from the pocket. Yeah. You gotta be able to have the guys that can win it from the pocket because they're too good. You look at one, the one Super Bowl that Kansas or the Kansas City lost to Tampa, Tampa put pressure on 'em with four guys. Right. And they had seven back there and got him running early. And so, and then that's when Tampa was able to beat him. So I think that, you know, when you think about quarterbacks, I still believe you gotta win it from the pocket. Yeah. Is Is it hard to evaluate the quarterback position because you were so good at playing the position? Do you think that comes into At all? No, I, you know, I think the hardest thing about figuring out who's gonna make and who's not is what's here. Right. And so, I mean, I think If, you look at all these, these quarterbacks that always go high in the draft, you know, they're going to bad teams, number one.


And number two is they've never really had any criticism their whole life. Right. 'cause they've been, they were good the whole time. They were good in high school, they were good in college. And so they'd never face the criticism. And so, you know, to be able to figure out, and, and, and the right combination with an offensive quarter head coach is key. But to be able to get those kids in situations because they're gonna go through tough times. There is a lot of growing pains coming from college football. I don't care. If, you played Alabama anywhere. You get to the NFL, it's a big jump. You know, you in, in college you may play against one or two guys on the other side that's gonna, that'll be, that'll play in the NFL. Whereas once you get in the NFL, they're all, they're All they're FL players. So, But I think the, the key thing is trying to figure out how they're gonna handle the negative criticism and the neg negativity that comes along with young quarterbacks, what they have to go through because they've got those growing pains.


And so that's the thing that you can't, you can't read. Yeah. And, and also trying to figure out getting them in the right offense that allows them to be successful. Yeah. And there's always such a rush to get those young guys in there because the fans want 'em in there and see how they're gonna do. And so, you know, to be able to have a, a, a coach, a head coach or, and or an offensive coordinator that can really protect that, that kid and really let him grow for the first couple years, two or three years to where he sees everything and he's ready to go. Yeah. Situation is everything I have. So this is a part of the show we do where it's, I I love to gamble. I bring up a bad memory about gambling and ask our guest a question about it.


Did you actually watch Paxton Lynch's Bowl game? I did. I did. Okay. That makes no sense. Then I lost a lot of money on Memphis in that game and I, that was all my scouting Pax and Lynch, So Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. You missed some, but yeah. You know, and we thought, you know, the thing is a lot of times when you go through that, if, if the coach likes him right? And it's a good fit. Gary Kubak was the head coach at that time and you know, he is athletic and could move around again, you never know what's in here. We thought he would be a really good fit in Gary's offense. And then, you know, unfortunately Gary retired after that year and so, and then trying to get that mix back and you know, unfortunately that was one of those picks that didn't work out. Yeah. You may maybe, you know, I know you're, you're not the GM anymore of Broncos.


We're still involved maybe just having me come by for like a pre-draft meeting and you could say a name and be like, Nope, he actually, he played a terrible game against, you know, USC, like, don't Do it. Dangler. No. LERs. No. I listen, I'm not, I I'm not a smart person, but I just, I lost a lot of money on that game and I was like, This guy's, I can Yeah. That, that can tilt you. Yeah, for Sure. I was just took it with me. Yeah. If, you lose a bet on somebody. You remember all the bad things they did and you don give a great like downside to, You'll never lack him again either. Anything about it? Done? I'm done, I'm done with this guy. Probably a really nice guy. Yeah. Really wish he had played better against Auburn in that bowl game. Sorry, one guy we gotta get on the show is Mike Shanahan.


Yeah. Mike Shanahan seems like a football guy through and through. He got to spend a lot of time with him. We've, we've kind of danced around this topic for years. We've had some players that have played for him that have told us about the parties that he used to throw at his house every year. Yeah. And we heard that he has a tanning bed in his house, in his home. Did you ever see his tanning bed? I never saw the tanning bed, but you know, we always had those parties when we broke camp and so he always, it was always a, a real good party before we went into the year. But I never saw the tanning booth. It was funny. You never wore a hat. So I think all the color with think was natural. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So we've heard how, how fun those parties were. What was he like as a coach? Was he a player's coach? He was, he was tough, you know, and I think that that's what made him great. Number one, he was a very hard worker, like most head coaches, but what his knowledge of the offense of the offensive game was, was tremendous.


And where it was back then, the west coast offense. 'cause when he left Denver, he went to San Francisco, learned the West coast. And then when he came back to Denver with Alex Gibbs, who was our offensive line coach, they, they put the zone running game in with the West coast and then, and then the combination and then Mike just kinda grew it from there. And then I think If, you look even now what Kyle's done with the same base offense and what he's done and expanded with it that, you know, they continue to take it to new heights. But Mike was, you know, he was, he was a player's coach but it was tough and the expectations, it was never enough. He never let us exhale. It was always, we gotta play better than next week. And, but you know, players loved him and, and he's the guy that wanted to win football games. And so he was the best coach I ever played for, 'cause I had a great rapport with him also, but loved what he did offensively, but also the expectations that he had of us made us have the expectations of us too.


And therefore that's I think why we're play at, we were able to play at that level. Yeah. The the running game in the Shanahan offense is, it's beautiful to watch. It's beautiful. Yeah. It's one thing where, you know, you can go three yards in a cloud of dust and to a certain extent you know that that can win you some football games. But when you watch the 49 ERs or the Broncos back in the day, or now the Dolphins when they're running the football Yeah. You are like, this is a work of Art. It really is. And you know when the key thing is, and what people don't realize is anytime you run the ball that well, you have receivers that can block. And that's the key thing. 'cause as you know, those rider ride receivers gotta get down in there and dig out those strong safeties and those type things. And so with Eddie Mc, when we, when I was there my last couple years, ed Smith or Eddie McAfee and Rod Smith, you know, they were great receivers but also tough guys to get in there and dig out those, those dbs.


And so that's what makes that running game so good and the commitment by those wide receivers to blocking the running game. Yeah. Is there a guy that you, that you played with that you think could excel in today's NFL, like a guy that would be an absolute game breaker? I have, I've won in mind, but curious to hear from you That excel in today's game. I mean I, Gary Zimmerman left Tackle, I think could have played it in any time. You know, he was just that physically talented. He wasn't a huge guy. He was probably 2 85, 2 90, but wasn't huge, but just knew how to play the game when it was, you know, a guy that I trusted on the backside. And so that's one guy that would fit in. I mean Terrell, you know, would still fit in and, and was trying to think if there's any, you know, defensively, you know, our safety's Dennis Smith and Atwater, they probably wouldn't fit in 'cause they'd probably be suspended every other game.


Yeah. Because they, they'd blow guys up. Right. Yeah. But, but yeah, I think we, some guys still playing. I Mean, Shannon Sharp was Shannon. That was the one one that I was thinking of. Like especially where the tight ends come. Yeah. And the, the ability that he had to run after the catch, how strong he was, how big he was. Yeah. That's a dude. I'm, I've seen him recently. He's, he's a massive man, Probably still big, Big. Yeah. He still could play. He almost looks bigger now than he was when he played, but he, he keeps working. But, and, and the other thing is Shannon was only probably 225 pounds, but he was so strong, especially in the zone game on outside zone. He had to, he had to control that outside linebacker and he was able to do that. So to have a, a tight end that can catch and run the run routes and catch the ball like he could, but also block. 'cause you don't see a lot of that in the NFL today either.


They're either a pass catcher or they're a blocker. Yeah. And you don't have a combination of guys that can run you know block as well as, you know, have the great speed and, and stretch the field for you too. Yeah. Weird question. Tebow Mania. Was there ever a moment where you're like, maybe God is a Broncos fan? There was no doubt. I thought he was 'cause because doubt, doubt. Once it kept on going, we're like, what is going On here? But I know my gut was, you know, eventually God's gotta take care of somebody else too. The way that, you know, my first year when he came in as a starter and was in there the last, I don't know, 13 games, I mean, there were some things that happened that were just, I mean, truly unbelievable. And so, you know, we're playing Chicago on a Monday night.


He runs out of Bounds, Mary and Barber. Yeah. Stays in bound game over. Yep. Get him outta bounds. And then all of a sudden Tim, you know, comes back and makes that big comeback. And so it was amazing. It was, you know, I think we, we beat Kansas City and Kansas City with eight yards passing or something like that. Yeah, right. It was crazy. And then obviously the Steelers, you know, playoff game and the Slant and For Yeah. The slanting overtime for his play overtime. It's crazy. It was crazy. But, you know, and he's a great kid. I mean, it really is. He's everything that people think he is and, and you know, just a tremendous, you know, competitor now I think that the only, I think the, there's only one guy that could have got me outta Tibo Mania, and that was Peyton Manning. Yeah, Right.


Yeah. So that was the only guy that I think that people would accept to say, okay, well, Peyton's probably a little bit better than Tim being so we can go ahead and go that direction. And so that's why I was even more important to get to get Peyton w Was there any part of your conversations with Peyton where he showed that, like, he was like, I don't really wanna, I'm worried about coming to Denver because this is John Elway's city because it is, you're, you're bigger than life there and you're, you are kind of like, when you think of Broncos, it's John Elway. Yeah. But I, no, I don't think Peyton had a problem with that. You know, I, I, I didn't think so. I think that, you know, Peyton was, you know, he's obviously, and I, we all kn know how studious he is and the way he runs things, that he was gonna pick the best place for him. Right. That where he felt like, you know, he was gonna be able to run his stuff and be the offense molded into what he wanted to do.


And also getting him a situation that was like, like Indianapolis that, you know, was not a, you know, major market, but Denver's and India's about the same size. And so, you know, I thought it was just a good fit. John Fox was the head coach. He liked John. John was really good guy and a good recruiter too. So, you know, and obviously it worked out very well for Peyton. Yeah. Yeah. I'd say so that, that first Super Bowl was tough too. Speaking of gamblers. Oh yeah. Yeah. I had, I had the Seahawks, or excuse me, I had the Broncos in that one. Yeah. And then it felt like after the first snap it just wasn't gonna go your way. Oh Yeah. That momentum switched fast, like on the first play. And so, and, and I, I bet a lot on the Broncos in that. Yeah. I had a super bar. Miller got hurt, so he was out and then, but you know, Seattle was pretty good. And then, yeah, we just couldn't things going.


Yeah. I kicked everyone outta my house in the third quarter because I lost so much money on you guys. Unfortunately. I was up in the box. I had to stay there. I I would've been at your house. Wanna Get outta, could get outta Here. Yeah. It's funny you talk about Tbo mania. I remember distinctly, I forget which game it was, but right after it was over the, the camera showed you and you were just shaking your head like, I, I don't know, I don't know how this happened, but I guess I'm just gonna roll with it. Oh yeah. We had a game down in Miami. We had like 38 yards the whole game. We're down 14. Nothing with seven minutes to go in a game. We ended up getting into overtime and win the game. Yeah. I mean I was, that might've been it. Yeah. Because I was just like, I don't dunno how this happened, let's just roll with it. It Crazy. Lean into it. No idea. I, I am a little bit upset with you because I bought a Nerf vortex football when I was like 11 years old and I thought that I was gonna be able to throw it like a hundred yards because I think it said on it like, John Elway threw this.


How long did you throw, how far did you throw the vortex? Ah, shoot, I think it's 120 yards. That sucker flew pretty good with the tail and the noise. Yeah. Did you hit the one with the noise? Oh Yeah. You got the one with the noise. My parents hated It. Oh yeah. Yeah. You take that to the beach, everybody around you hates that. Oh yeah. That family. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. But no, that, yeah, that thing sailed pretty good. Yeah. How far could you throw an actual football? I think the farthest I threw one in a game was I think probably 72 yards. I think I could get it 85. 80 to 85 when I was at my height. And I mean, you had the famous in college, the Elway Cross. Yeah. 'cause you broke your receiver's fingers so much that they then you could see the cross on their pad on their jersey. Well, it was, it was really when they didn't have pads on and it got, and if they let it get to their chest, sometimes the, the, you know, the cross on the end of the ball would get to the skin.


And so yeah. I think it happened a couple times. So that would, would You feel bad that you were just breaking your Receiver face? Yes, I did. Especially, and I felt bad every time the ball didn't spiral. 'cause I knew if the ball didn't spiral, it was gonna be tough for them to catch it. And so it was like, you know, that's when things when fingers usually got, you know, sprained or broke and that when the ball didn't spiral. So as long as the ball spiraled, I felt a lot better about it when I got there. Yeah. But that is a rocket arm if you're like, yeah, my receivers just keep breaking their fingers because I throw it so goddamn hard. Yeah, well I, you know, I always felt the quicker I get it to 'em, then the quicker they can get their head up Phil, and, and do something with it after the ball. So, yeah. After the, after the Catch. Yeah. Well, this has been awesome. I I have one last question.


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take.


It's not a question. I just wanna read a quote that I read of yours that is maybe the most badass quote ever. You said, I've always thought I was gonna die with a shovel in case I woke up. I could dig my way out. Yeah. I wanna be buried with a shovel. I want, I've always said that I wanna be buried with a shovel. 'cause I don't want to give up either. I don't know. And if I do wake up, I want to be able to have a way to get out of there. So I, Do I mean like, have you put this into your will? Like, are your Kids all my kids? Everybody knows. So make sure that shovel's in there. So, okay. All right. So, so like, That's why I'm not Yeah. I'm not getting cremated at all. I'm, I'm against that. Give you a, give You a fighting chance. Absolutely. Absolutely. So awesome.


Like John Elway, hopefully you live for many, many more years, but the day that comes, we're just gonna have to wait a couple more days after that and be like, anyone check on the Yeah. On the plot. See, is there dirt or is there any grass stuff over there? You should train. You should actually train for it. I know You're right. I am now. I'm gonna make sure I'm in shape when I die too. No, but it, it's a good idea to just like, you know, get some, get some shovel working. I think we could all use that. Absolutely. You never know. Absolutely. Ready for it. You never know. You never know. The Success is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. That's right. Right. So when I get the opportunity to die, I wanna be prepared to get my Way out. Yeah, there you go. I mean, it's, It's great. That's right on. You know, Like, you're, you're just never out of a game. Never, Never, never, never.


The ultimate that's come back. Yeah. That Would be quitting. I can't ever quit. So. Well, this has been awesome. Like I said, we were, it's such a thrill to have you on. We appreciate so much how you, how you feeling about the golf game? Not bad. You know, you're A really good Golfer. I play a lot now, so it's, I sh you know, I should be, 'cause I play a lot. But you know, it's, you get here and you know, you're not used to playing in these situations competitive golf like this, you know, the good thing is it's a double mo bogey max so that that helps. But you know, you always, no matter what, and for me, I still love competing as much as I ever did. Right. And so to be able to come out here and do it on a golf course is, you know, is tremendous. And so try to go out there and I think you jack Lau and say, you know, okay, you're John. That way you're gonna miss some shots.


So don't, don't worry about that. Yeah. Try to make up for him. So try to make some birdies and see what happens. Yeah. Is there one guy in the field that you're very much looking forward to beating? Like if we're doing a, a head-to-head match, and I know you're not gonna be paired necessarily paired with this guy, but is there one guy that you wanna make sure that you beat? You know, I, you know what I, I always say I wanna be in the top 10 and then I'd like to finish first of the oldest guys. Right. So Jack Wagner's a little bit older and he's been here every year. So, you know, try to stay ahead of those guys and, and, but you know, it's fun 'cause I'm looking forward to Friday. I get to play with Josh Allen, who I played with last year and Trevor Lawrence. Yeah. So I get to play with those two and get caught up with those two. So I'm looking forward to it. And you know, and there's so many great guys out here, great celebrities.


It's fun to, you know, guys that we see on TV and the young guys that are playing now get a chance to meet them. Yeah. So it's, it's a thrill for us old guys to be here. How did you not get Josh Allen? I feel like he is exactly your type. I know he is. And the last year I played with him and he says, yeah. And John Pat i's going, I'm wondering how long is it gonna take him to realize that I passed on him and took Bradley and Cho instead. Yeah. It's crazy. And it took me, it took him two and a half holes to bring it up because, and I loved him. Right. Yeah. but it just, you know, didn't work out your tie. That's the world Right time. And you're right. That was probably my biggest mistake of my GM days. Well, was not taking Josh, You didn't watch Pax and Lynch's Bowl Game. That too. Yeah, that too. And I didn't get a and I get a Didn't get a chance to talk to you.


Yeah, Exactly. You shoulda talked to me. Right. Alright, well thanks so much John. We appreciate It. You got it dude. A lot of fun.


John Elway was brought to you by Sport Clips. Gentlemen, get ready because this month's Sport Clips haircuts is taking their MVP haircut experience to the ultimate level throughout the month of July. You get to relax twice and pay once because the ultimate MVP is the same price as the standard MVP. Also just in time to beat the heat, the refreshing chilled towel is back. That means you get double the hot or chilled towel action, double the sudsy satisfaction of a massaging shampoo and conditioning treatment. And if they could find a way to double the sports on their screens, they would double that too. When it comes to your hair, go to the specialists who are trained in men's hair sport clips. It's a game changer. Valid at participating locations only in 7 31 20 24.


This Mount Rushmore is brought to you by our friends at Pepsi Saucy, stretchy, crunchy, gooey messy. Pepsi is an essential part of the most undeniably delicious food moments. Let's face it, Pepsi just makes every bite better. The refreshening pop of sweet fizzy Pepsi Bubbles makes even the best food taste even better. I love, love, love the wild cherry Pepsi. It is so good. So if you're eating anything, cheeseburgers, pizza, sandwiches, wings, hot dogs, Pepsi is what you want to go with. Grab a Pepsi zero sugar for your next meal as every crave worthy bite is better with Pepsi. Thank you to Pepsi. We are going to do the Mount Rushmore of afterschool snacks.


I think this might get contentious. I Also think PFD we might age ourself out a little. Yeah, That's okay. Both those things have crossed my mind. That's, That's totally fine. Yes. But I'm excited for this. And Henry has the first pick. I believe I do. Not necessarily a draft. You want the first pick? Ah, It, it is a deep draft. It Is deep. But yeah, you're right. This might be a good spot to have a third or fourth, but I'm ready, Hank, for whatever you want. Do you have anything to say about the dartboard bullseye on Friday? It was just bullseye. Okay. All right. Alright. Ready? It should have been dartboard. Okay. Ready? You're ready. I was a mistake.


Are you ready? I'm ready. All Right. Henry. One, one pick of afterschool snacks. I had to done by Pepsi. I had to go with something I'm passionate about. Something I love more than anything. The greatest combination in the world. Peanut butter, chocolate. Gonna go with nutty bars. Mm. Okay. Good one. Love them. Love them. Yeah. I them, you know, you know that You'll get my vote on that. It's a solid Pick. Yeah. You know, you'll get my vote. It. I wanna take it one, one, but it, it's, it's a good pick. Like I said, there's, there's not a clear one one in my mind. Yeah. There, there actually is not Because everyone's, everyone's after school snacks are basically based off of their parents. Yeah. Or their friend's parents.


Yeah. And the one house that had everything. Yeah. Yeah. That's every, that's shout out that that was the best house. That's where I'm going with my one. One. Yeah. Okay. I'm worried that this is gonna be a fat shaming thing. Okay. Because my afterschool snack Meatballs, you're Gonna pick meatballs Was just a lasagna. It was just like a fourth meal. So I'm going, I'm gonna go nuggets. Okay. Yeah. Any chicken nugget, Specific Chicken nuggets. Yeah. Okay. Because I had nugget Nuggets, Dino nuggets For the best Dino nuggets I wanted, but I thought maybe that was a little too niche Nugget. No, Dino Nuggets is good. Chicken Nuggets, Dino Nuggets. Rock. Yeah. No, that's, yo, I, I had nuggets on my list. You're good. All this is my one. One and this is based off of the friend's house who had everything that had the stock pantry.


Pizza rolls. Mm. Pizza rolls. Mm. Remember when Blake Boles and Jerry Goff almost burned down that house at the Super Bowl? Yes. Trying to make pizza rolls. Yes. That was awesome. Yes. Okay. Good pick. I had it on my list as well. Ooh. This is tough. This is tough. Okay. I will go with Doritos. All Right. Cool. Ranch Doritos are my favorite. Do you want me to specify? I can. I don't care. If. you guys want, I think you can just say Doritos. Doritos. I mean, Doritos are the best. Ooh. Right. Doritos are the best. They really are the best. God damn. And they're best.


Yeah. After school. This is Dip 'em in some salsa. This is Tough because I, I want to, I want to, you know what, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm just gonna double up on it. Pringles, You're going double chips. I'm going double chips 'cause I, this is, I'm a chips guy. Need the crunch. Doritos and Pringles. Lock up the chips aisle. Okay. Which, no, you don't have to specify. Pringles is fine. But which Pringles? Sour Cream and Onion. Original BB q. That's my top three. No pizza. I wasn't a big pizza. I, the, i the pizza combos and Pringles are like two artificial flavoring to me. Which I know that sounds ridiculous because everything that we're listing is like the worst thing you can put in your body.


But yeah, I just, I I never got into the pizza. I like the pizza. Okay. All right. Next up I'm gonna go string cheese. Mm. String cheese. Love that thing. Just toss it across the room. You don't even have to, you can go into your house for five seconds. Toss the string cheese, throw the backpack down. Go back outside. Okay. Wait, this is me. Yeah. Yeah. That's you. This is my, this was my other pick. Again. Bigger than normal snacks. I'm gonna go Bagel Bites. Okay. Yeah. I, I am a bagel bite guy over pizza Roll. Me too. So am I. That was my second in my big board. It was Nuggets one Bagel Bites Two. Yeah. Bagel Bites are great.


Bagel Bites are great. I love Bagel Bites. I'll eat 'em as an adult. I'm actually pretty shocked. This got back to me. It's my turn, right? Yeah. Goldfish. Yeah. I feel like though the only, the only down. I love goldfish. You can take out, I'm not saying, I'm not saying anything bad about goldfish. I do fart more when I eat goldfish. 'cause I'm, I'm convinced that the air trapped inside the goldfish goes in your belly, But you swallow it. Yeah. So Goldfish I thought about too, but in my book, that's more of a like lunchtime snack. Like they're all kind of, that's Like added in. No, they're all the same. You have that as a side dish. Yeah. No, I think all these things would show up in a bag. One. That's true. French cheese may not. Maybe not bagel. Yeah. But after school you're just like, this is, you go to the, you go to the pantry and you're like, what am I gonna eat?


Right. Goldfish are always there. Yeah. The 'cause of the pantry. They're, whatever you put in your lunch is also, What are your goldfish flavors? Straight up. Straight Up. Yeah. Oh. Flavor blast. You gotta blast the flavor. I Like, I do like the pretzel goldfish too Little change. Change of pace. I like the flavor blast. But I get to You could just gimme plain goldfish. Yeah. I could eat the entire, you know, family sized box in one sitting. Maybe two. Okay. Hmm. I will go with famous famous cookies. Oh, good pick. Yeah. Good pick. That was a little Bag. The, the big bag. Like my, my parents What? That was like the djj. Yeah. They littles had the, the big boxes at BJ's.


But With little bags. No. Yeah, they come in little bags, little Yellow bag. Am I thinking of Like Mustard yellow famous? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Were those Were great. They were like good s size bags though. Yeah. But the cookies are small, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Good pick like that. Pick a lot. God Damnit Being a kid was the best because I have all, like, half of these I have in my house right now. And it's a problem. I think we have Most Of Them out just in the lobby. Yeah. It's a big, we Definitely have goldfish. We've got Famous. A famous Amos. Yeah. Doritos. Yep. Yeah, we've got it all. Got 'em all. All right. String cheese Max. Is it me? Yeah. Is it, wait, is it?


Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna go Uncrustables. Mm. Okay. Good pick. Good pick. I love Uncrustables. You're Just going all meals? Yes. Okay. I mean, after school, I, that was my, that like, I, I needed a fourth meal after school. But like, why didn't you just think about what, what snack would you have after your fourth meal? Or would that, did you just go straight to No, that Was like the snack. Like they're like the smaller meals. Yeah. It, it was, it was that, that's what I would have after school. I'm being true to myself. Yeah. And Uncrustable is a great choice. Yeah. It's a perfect snack. Do you not have a pantry? I did, but like, they didn't, it just wasn't really in my repertoire.


Okay. All right. From the next one, I'm gonna go with celery and peanut butter. Mm. Especially For kids. If, you want to like, act like you're feeding them something good in celery. It's a vegetable. Yeah. And then we're gonna cover it in peanut butter. You go Anol log or No? Anol log are good, but I, to tell you the truth, I don't have the patience for it. Yeah. Once I get the celery dipped into the peanut butter, I'm the, I'm eating this. Yeah. Okay. Question before I make my final two picks. Drinks, yes or no? Yes. Snacks. Are we saying drinks or no? I, I think they could be Okay. 'cause I don't want to 'cause Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No, Hank No, I, I'm fine with Is it drink a snack? Yeah. I'm fine with not opening that door.


I was just asking it for the group 'cause I can go totally different place. Or I could go a drink. I don't care. But I want to just Ask because I had a specific type of drink that is like somewhat snack adjacent and right Adjacent not snack. Alright. So let's go. No drinks. That's Fine. Okay. Well what would your drink have Been? Capri Sun. Oh. Could pick. Yeah. I would've taken Slurpee Also. Good pick the dictionary. Definition of snack is a small amount of food. Okay. Eaten between meals all. Alright. Right. I would've done Capri Sun. I also had you who on the list? I had Sonny D on the list. We could do afterschool Drinks. We Could do that another time. Yeah. Alright, so, alright. I'm happy. We, that was very, that was nice how we did that. That was good. Okay.


Let's see. Fruit snacks easy. Do you want me to specify? I can, you would like me to specify. Okay. This is where I'm gonna age myself. Fuck. Are you about to say the shark ones? Yeah. They're still around. Yeah, they're Still around. They shark bites are still around. Alright, Good. I get, I get gummy sharks in my frozen yogurt. The fucking Great white shark is the best fruit snack ever. It is. Good. Shark shark bites. Can you put, maybe put parentheses fruit snacks because people might not know what shark bites are. That's fair. That's Fair. And then this, I'm not talking about homemade, I'm talking about store. Just rip it open. The Rice Krispy treat.


Love that. Yep. Rice Kris treat. Good pick. It's all reliable. Good. Pick. Old, reliable. Good. Pick. I'm Bummed. Also have that in my house. I'm bummed I can't take Slurpee. 'cause the after You know, I wanna take Capri Sun with a Slurpee. You like, that's when you're driving home from school. Yeah. Those couple years. You swing by the seven 11 on the way back. So I'm gonna pivot and I'm gonna go to Easy Mac. Mm. Easy Mac. Mac and cheese. Great Picks. Great pick. That's in my thank You. That's in my repertoire. Yeah. Thank you. Easy Mac was elite. Max's last pick is steak. Meatballs. Meatballs. Thank you. You have a great draft Max. Man, I have a, it's, there's just no, I mean, I, I just could just keep going 'cause I have another one that I would like to do.


Do it Lunchables. Okay. Yeah. That's great. That's great. That's literally lunch though. But It's a, a snack. but it, But it isn't, It's, it's not a real, it's not a full meal for, for a Big growing boy. It, boy it, no, it can't be a snack and it's lunch. Which Lunchable? Which Lunchable? I think that's a, I mean, I would eat after After school a snack. I would eat that after school. But Which Lunchable? The, I wish I knew 12 Old Max. I I don't really max like just fucking Pounding all these things. That's No, but that's insane that we're allowing Lunchables. It's literally lunch. Okay. I get it. But I, I I mean I would eat it after school so I yeah, I would eat it. That's fine. Yeah. These are things that I would eat after school. Yeah. Alright. You can, you can make another One.


I, I crushed Lunchables after. Yeah. Yeah. Lunchables are gr them Crushed. There's only a couple good ones. Like the pizza ones were trash. The pizza one was trash. No, I like the cheese and cracker cheese. Yeah. The cracker and cracker with Pepperoni, I think, I don't know why that's, that should stand If. you want Take cheese cracker Lunchable? No, you can, you can keep Basic cheese. You can keep it. I just think that it's insane. Lunchables come with dessert and a drink, so it's like, it is more Than a snack. But there one, there were ones that wouldn't, that didn't come with all that, but Lunchables for, in Max's defense. Lunchables for maybe guys our size was not a full Lunch. That's not a, You can't eat a Lunchable for Lunch. I never once had a Lunchable For lunch. Never. Because you just be like, what is it? That's all I get. Correct. That's like a warmup Snack.


Yeah. Ex you eat the Lunchable and then you go to the Bagel Bites. Yeah. I'm sticking, I I Lunchable. I don't put, I'll even put the cheese and cracker in in parentheses. But you should just get cheese and crackers because Lunchables come with a drink. but it Like the lunch, the Lunchable ones are the No, My, My qualm is not with, with the fact that there's so many things in a Lunchable. It's just the fact that we're taking lunch as a snack. It's funny, it's ridiculous. But we're gonna let Max do it. But Lunchables, if it weren't for the name, it is the quintessential snack. Like the name is what's It's stopping it. Like, it's literally the size is a snack. It's like you eat it after school. Wait, it's like you have a snack Question.


Can a snack have a dessert? Do all Lunchables Have desserts? Yeah, I think they do. Yeah. I mean, well, half a mine are desserts anyway. No, but I mean like, there's a dessert that goes along with his snack. There's like one after You're done with your snack, you can have Your dessert. What was the dessert in them? There's Like Andy's bar. They would, there would do. There would be right here. We can't see it. Max. We can't see it. Max. Oh Shit. It was the Andy's bar, the min's chocolate thing. This like, they, there were ones that didn't have Yeah. Stuff. Yeah. I used to not have ones with dessert. It would be like the meat and cheese and crackers. That Was it. Yeah. That's it. That's, that was it. Those are the ones I used to have Also, I didn't Know they got desserts. Now. I'll even put just the cheese. Just the meat.


Cheese and cracker. Yeah. This is what, this is the one I'm talking about. PFD. That's basically, that's a snack. But I Think that's leaving out a part of the tray. No it's Not. Yeah. 'cause there's Tray. There was usually look at It. Think There was both, there was some that didn't have the, There was some No, no dessert. Lunchables. Yeah. Yeah. I don't remember having, look at this one. Ham and cheddar. There's no dessert in that one. Crackers, cheese, ham. Okay. All right. It is like, I mean, it's just not even close to a meal's. 260 cals. Yeah. That's, that's like the statement. Again, this Might be us being biased, But that's also like the same amount of calories as a bag of Doritos. Oh yeah, definitely. Yeah. Okay. So you're sticking with It? I'm sticking with it. I'm I'll, I'll, we'll put the Meat.


No, I I, I'll even put the just meat, cheese and cracker in The parenthesis. I Think. I think Max should be allowed to pick it. I, I just think it's very funny that he took lunch as that's As a snack. Yeah. Yes. I'm Looking right now. Lunchables have gotten fancy. Yeah, too fancy. Just gimme the meat, cheese and cracker Crazy right now. Run the Football. Holy shit. There are mini hotdog Lunchables. What the fuck? Damn. They've got ones with Reese's in them. Alright. Hank Last pick. Yep. Dunkaroos. Good one. I had it on my list. Yeah. Can't argue with it. Can't argue with it. We missed a bunch. Gushers.


Gushers. Yeah. Cosmic brownies. Cosmic brownies on my list. Love 'em. Zebra cakes. Little Debbie Zebra. Yeah. Fruit rollups. Yeah. Fruit by the foot. I was a fruit by the foot guy. Were you guys a fruit by the foot or fruit rollups? I was fruit rollups family. Yeah. Fruit rollup. I liked fruit by the foot. I like to spin it out and just eat it. Like not use my hands. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. I was a yogurt. Like a, like a Trix Yogurt was Go yogurt. Go Go. Yogurt's a big mess. That was what I was gonna go if I didn't that Trix yogurt was also really Yogurt. Really good. Was so good. Yeah. Gushers. We say Gushers Peanut. The peanut butter chewy granola bar. That's like a candy bar. Yep. You can pretend that it's healthy. Just cheese. Those, the packets that were the neon orange cheese crackers with the peanut butter inside.


Yes. You know those? Yeah. Wait, are you talking about Yes. I I like the same one. Regular Cracker peanut butter inside. But I know what you're talking about. The neon Or Yeah. Then And They also had those with cheese. Yep. Yep. Hot Pockets. Yep. Yeah. Had a whole line of meals. That's still Hot Pockets. Hot Pockets. I used to crush Hot Pockets. I completely forgot about Hot Pockets. I loved Hot Pockets. God damnit. They were good. Just a grilled cheese sandwich. Taquito, taquitos. Iquitos Taquitos are good too. Yeah. Taquitos, peanut butter, pretzels, Chocolate teddy grams. I used to do chocolate teddy grams. This is now not after, well I guess this is after school. 'cause it was college when I was high.


Yeah. Tortilla. Heat it up. Peanut butter. Peanut chocolate. Teddy grams in it. Whoa. Actually I think you've said that Before. Yeah. It's a high. It's a high. I think I might have put it in Chef Donny's Recipe book Shows how good My palate is. I used to do the, the microwave nachos that like If you just had shredded cheese, Turkey chips and then Nu them You newcomb then. I still do that. The cheese. We do it for dinner at my house once A week. Completely solid. Yeah. It burns onto the, the chip. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's good. It's great. And then you bite it and it's all chewing and you're like, this is still good. Yeah, it's good stuff. I was the apples and peanut butter guy. Yep. Apples and peanut butter are very good.


Sun chips always like sun chips. You guys like sun chips? Yeah. They're okay. Yeah. They also were like in that, I Like the garden, the, the garden salsa ones. I like The blue ones. And it would, it was always sun chips were in that range where you could pretend it was healthy just 'cause it looked different and it didn't look like Doritos. Like kind of in your face. Like you're gonna fucking eat this. Yeah. Sun chip's like, oh, you know, it says sun in it. Yeah. The ruffles. Sour cream and cheddar love those Chips. Those are good chips. Yeah. A chip guy through and through. Always Been, did I say grilled cheese? Yeah. You said grilled cheese. Yeah. I just whipping up grilled cheese real fast. Oh. I had one other drink that I maybe PFT you. You and I might be the only ones.


Did you guys ever have the juice barrels? Yeah, juice barrels. That's like a soccer halftime snack. There were little kegs of just juice. Yeah. Yeah. We had those and it was like not, there was no flavors. It was just red or blue. Great Barrel drinks. Great. You could drink one of those in about a quarter of a second. Great. Those were great. Yeah. You who? We said Anything else. What did we miss? Hubby. We got 'em all Feels pretty good. Yeah. I feel like we nailed a lot of these. Hot Pockets was a miss. Big Miss. I Loved Hot Pockets. What flavor? You like the ham and cheese? You like the, the cheese steak. Cheese steak. And then the pepperoni. Yeah. Yeah. Pepperoni Was good. I was ham and cheese and the meatball.


The meatball. Mozzarella Meat. Gotta get the meatball in there. Yeah. Have To get the meatball. Gotta find a way to get the meatballs in There. I should have. Oh fuck. I should have done that. You're lucky that, that you didn't, we didn't start with this Mount Rushmore last summer when you first started, because your name would definitely have been meatball. Yeah. Meatball. Maxey. Meatball. Meatball. Maxey. All right. Anything else. Hank. That was the best. Getting outta school and just being able to go to town on all the snacks. It's hard. Like I'm, I, I struggle with like, I want to be that house, but also I don't want like a ton of like random kids in my house. So like, I think I'm not gonna Also it's valuable to teach your kids to scavenge.


Yeah. But like the one house that had the best snacks was always the one one pick of everyone whose house we're gonna go to. Yeah. And I don't, I want to be in that middle zone where like, yeah, my kids come over with their friends, but like every day I think I, I think that'd be a lot. And Everyone Sneak into the like, you know, yeah. You can go get a snack, but then later on you'd be like, let's go. Let's go, let's go. Ready If, you can build it. They will come. That's pretty much it. If. you just build like a, a convenience store in your house. All the kids will come Over and that's a very slippery slope into like all the kids coming over all the time. And then next thing you know, they're in high school and then your basement is the party basement. Yeah. Yeah. And also I don't want all the kids eating my snacks. Yeah. Because they are my snacks. I'm the one who buys them. Yep. They're not my kids. Those Were like, a lot of these were like the ideal snacks.


Like I, I would would rarely have them in my own house, but every time I was somewhere else's it would be like, right. This is what I wanted as a kid when I Yeah. This is, this is what I wish my parents were. Yes. Yes. Yeah. That's as simple as like it gets as a kid. It's like do like, do they allow toy guns? Can you watch TV and snacks? Yeah. That's what I want my parents to be. What video game system do they? Yeah. Right, right. Yeah. Okay. Good. Mount Rushmore Boys. Okay. That is our show. Take these on Wednesday. We can't remember if we already taped numbers or not. So we're gonna do one right now and if we did do it, you'll get two numbers this time. So Everyone be cool between now and Wednesday. Because we will be ordering, we will be, we'll be awarding the A WL Award.


Yeah. To some podcast listeners. So much like right before Christmas, when you try to make your parents think that you're doing a lot of good stuff to get presents and toys. Just be cool this week everyone Compliments are fine. Everyone give memes a compliment. Yeah. This Week. Give everyone a compliment. Yeah. Say something nice about all of us. But yeah, so if we have double numbers, you're not hallucinating. They'll just be another numbers with Max and Hank right after these. But let's try to get one of us to get it right now without Max here. So numbers 8 77 3 20 99 P. Actually, can I change mine? Yes. 56. Yes. I was gonna say, yeah. 56. Would you rather have 20? No, I'll take 56, 21.


This officially counts. Even if we did other numbers, everyone agrees. Yes. Yes. Okay. This counts 71. Love.


Good is your and your you. Yes. Then no you in, you out you're you down. You're, it's right. It's black and it's white. We no. In acting down. No in acting.


Just like so the same energy. Now the day battery laugh. Now you're playing. No in back. We break up.


Change your mind.