
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have our good friend John Fanta on talking Final four. We are set maybe not the best weekend of hoops. Couple great games, but we are ready for San Antonio. We have all four number one seeds heading there. We are going to break down anything else we missed on the weekend. A little more baseball Yankees, maybe using illegal bats. We had a brawl in the NBAA brawl. It was pretty sick. We're gonna break that down. We have who's back of the week, and then we have a Monday Reading from the message boards where they always should be from.


So we're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The Great Rewards Hunt is on. So join the Adventure with DraftKings Casino. For fun seekers. Follow the trail to huge jackpots, weekly bonuses and exclusive games. Plus new players can get their losses back up to $1,000 in casino credits on their first day. Just sign up with code, take and start playing to get up to $1,000 in casino credits back with a minimum $5 net loss only on DraftKings Casino. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly 21 and over physically. President Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only. Boyd and Ontario eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only lost back for 24 hours, up to 1000 in non withdrawal casino credits that expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino dot DraftKings dot com slash promos. Okay, let's go Football. My yeah. And my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Sign up now with code take and start playing to get up to $1,000 in casino credits back with a minimum $5 net loss only on DraftKings Casino. The Crown is yours.


Today is Monday, March 31st, And we have our final four. And it says chalk chalky is chalk could get all four. Number one seeds are heading to San Antonio. Is college basketball a broken PFT Pickett? I was gonna say it's college basketball. A Ponzi scheme. Mm. Because the tournament starts. Just wait. Did not Great Matchups round of 32. Gonna be great. Round of 30. Two's not great, just wait. Good. So sweet 16. Sweet 16 happens. Oh, that sucked. But just wait. This is the best Elite eight you've ever seen. The Elite eight sucks. But just wait. The final four, we're kicking the can down the road. We're gonna, we're gonna have a bad final four in the, the greatest championship game of all time. And then, and Then nobody will remember the tournament. They'll just remember the championship game and they'll be like, college basketball is so back.


Correct. Well, I mean, people are watching the games haven't been great. The Florida game, that was, We, we had two great games over the weekend. We had the Houston Purdue game, which was great. Yeah. The, if you miss it on Friday night, the, the blob that Kelvin Sampson drew up to beat Purdue with po with two seconds left was, it was erotic as our friend says. It was an incredible play. Purdue also kind of got screwed 'cause it was an offensive foul on the possession before. Say something nice about Purdue. They were in that game and that was, I think everyone thought Purdue was gonna get smoked and outmanned by Houston. And they were every, every second of the way in that game. And then we had the Florida Texas Tech game on Saturday, which was phenomenal. That was great. Yeah. And the, the Purdue Houston game, the end of that, I stuck around on the channel.


I watched the post game. Oh yeah. I I wanted to see Jay Wright and Candace Barker argue for two hours about that play. Yeah. Just breaking down that play as granularly as you possibly can. 'cause it was awesome. Sexiest blob I've, I've ever seen. It was a super sexy blob. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But the game's not great. The Florida one was crazy and chaotic at the end. Clayton, he seems like he can check out of a game and then come back and just make a shot on a whim. Yeah. People were saying it was curry. Like Curry would've swished it. That's the difference. It was an ugly make, but It was an ugly make. But that the, the, the curry like play that he had was when he was basically, he drove the lane and then he was standing, I don't know, eight feet from the basket and then slowly backpedaled while no one really closed out with the urgency.


He is like, all right, I'm here now. Shoot three, hit It down two. Yeah, he did that down two. Yeah. And it was, that was an ultimate. You gotta make your free throws game because Texas Tech had that game. They had that game one, they were up nine points with three minutes left and they missed two front ends of one and ones and both of them go directly to Florida. Threes. That's how you bring back, like, they literally went front end miss three, front end miss three, and then Walter Clayton hitting a three to take the lead. I have a question for you Big Cat. If we're doing Cinderella power rankings of these Final four teams of the four One Seeds. Yeah. Who's the most Cinderella? Houston. Houston. I, I agree with you. Easy. I had Houston one, then I had Florida two.


I think Auburn's Too because I mean, you think Auburn's too, Auburn was ranked number one for most of the season. Of course. I know that. I'm saying because they've never won a national title. Okay. They don't have any legacy in basketball outside of Charles Barkley. And obviously what Bruce Pearl's done, I think they would be the second Cinderella. Florida still has, you know, they, they back to back national titles. So. Well, I, I actually more, I think about, I might have Duke number three in my Cinderella power rankings. Duke. Duke might be the third Cinderella. I Don't think they can, I think that's taking a little too far. I have, I have some thoughts on Duke that I'd like to share, but I I think you can't say that Houston Is definitely the number one though. Yeah. We both agree on that. I, I find myself rooting for Houston because they've been so close so many times in the past and they've been the most snake bitten team Yep.


In the past. Yep. It's always been a big injury. Was it shed last year? Yep. Shed with that ankle injury last year. That was tough because, because that team looked like they could have competed this Team. No, they would've beaten, they would've beaten Duke. This team is fucking awesome to watch. Yeah. And I feel like they could possibly frustrate Duke. It's men versus boys. Yeah. It could be men versus boys. 'cause they, duke does have three incredible freshmen, but Houston has men. Yeah. So the Duke thing, I've been struggling with this. I'm, I'm basically landed on the fact that I think my hate for Duke is now just the fact that I don't hate this Duke team. Like, do something to make me hate you. Get to a fight. Like I'm, I'm, I I hate that. I don't hate them. You know what the issue is.


That's what's making me mad. Alright, here's, here's what I think the issue is. K Nipple. Yeah. K Nipple should be the guy that you hate on the stook team. Yeah. But because flag's better than him and Flagg is a bigger part of their offense. He takes away some of the hate ability that K Nipple would have if he was the main guy that you could focus your attention on. Yeah. Right. Like he is drawn up in a lab where you're like, I fuck, this is the guy why I fucking hate Duke. And he's from Wisconsin and like normally I would hate a guy who went from Wisconsin somewhere outta state to play basketball, but he's too good for the Badgers. Yeah. So it's like, I can't even be mad about it because it's like we would never get him anyway. And, And the way that they have it is like Cooper Flagg is their main guy. I like watching Cooper Flag play, so I don't hate him.


And then with K Nipple as a second guy, he's not hateable because he is a second guy. So I end up actually liking K Nipple a guy that I would've hated if he was the guy. And John Shi was just a really good coach. Yeah. And that's the part that, like, he, he listening to Nate Oates's press conference after the game, he had Nate Os in hell. He was basically like, we had no chance. They just had a counter move to all of our moves. Our guys looked, I mean, Mark Sears looked so short, no offense to Mark Sears, but yeah. So I'm, I think I'm landed in, I I I'm just, I'm just gonna hate Duke for the fact that I don't hate them naturally. You know what we need. So I'm just mad that they're not doing something to piss me Off. Here's what America needs in this week between the Elite eight and the final four.


We need Jay Billis to get on TV and say something so insufferable Might have him on the show. Yeah. We might have to have him on the show. Have him on the show so that we can give us, just say something that will make, that will remind America why we should hate Duke. We should do that. We should do that on Wednesday. We should just have Jay Billis on and just be like, Talk until we hate you. Yeah. Just say things that make us hate you. Say things that will make us mad. Talk About your Yeah. Talk about He did actually make me a team. GPA, he actually did make me a little mad today because the Kevin Willard thing, which we'll get into. Have you noticed that there are some analysts across the country that are still doing the argument from like five years ago where they're like, See coaches can win. See, a coach can leave, but a player like no players Players can leave anytime they want now.


Yeah. No, they don't even have to play. They can just get the NIL money and not play. You're high Stepping from the 20 yard line on a race you already want. Yeah. Right. We, we agree that players should be allowed to transfer. They can. Yeah. Just like coaches Just knee-jerk reaction. They're reminding everybody that they were Right. Yeah. Right. Exactly. We, We were Right. But we don't feel the need to remind everybody of why We're Right. All right. So we gotta have Jay Billis on. 'cause it is, it's, it's a problem for me because I do not like Duke as an institution. I don't like their fans, but the team as it's constituted, I I'm being genuinely, I'm genuinely saying I don't like, have hate for them and I don't have hate for John Shire. I think I just had so much hate for Coach K. So I think I just hate the fact that I don't hate him.


Yeah. This is why the Yankees are doing a great job right now of stepping into this void and reminding us why we should all hate them. Yeah. Yeah. We need the, it's just, it's not enough. I need, I need more hate, I need more hate to go that way, but Yeah. So the, yeah. Duke killed Alabama. I I do think that this could be, if you look at the history of Duke basketball, it's interesting because the team right now, as they stand, like in Ken Palm and those type ratings, they're I think the second best Duke team of all time. So, so Ken Palm ratings, the, they go back to 96, 97. So we don't get the, we don't get the late, the late near back to back years. But according to Ken Palm, the, there's the 10 best teams since 19 96, 97, 4 of them are in this final four.


All four of them are in this final four. So ten four out of the top 10 teams. Best 10 teams in the last 30 years of college basketball. It's crazy. And I think that and Duke's number, so this year's Duke is number two only to the 98 99 Duke team. The J Williams team that Did lose No, the the one, yeah. No, That was No, that one won the year after they lost Elton. Which year did they lose to Arizona? They beat Arizona. They beat Arizona. They lost in 98, I think. To Arkansas? No, to Yukon. Maybe. To Yukon. Oh, they lost in like 94 to Yukon? No, I mean to Arkansas. Yeah. I can't remember. Yeah, that's when Bill Clinton was at the game. Yeah. Okay. But keep going. What were you saying? No, I was just gonna say that like if this Duke team wins, they will be looked at as one of the best Duke teams of all time.


Yes. Corey Mcg Getty. Yeah. Oh oh, 2000 2001 was the third. So it's all three of these teams on the chem po. The best teams in the last 30 years are the top three are Duke teams. What was it? That's making me hate them more. Yeah. See, thank you. Thank you for saying that. The 2001 team, that Was the j Williams, Shane Batier, Mike Dunleavy, they beat Arizona. They beat Arizona. And then the best team on this list, 98, 99. I feel like they lost. They did. Yeah. Who'd they lose to? It's a Yukon I think to Yukon. Yeah. That's our, that's our quick, we gotta, we just, Jay Billis. That's a good call. We just gotta get Jay Billis on Here. That was Corey mcg Getty. And we gotta, we gotta fucking Yeah.


They lost a Yukon. Yeah. And, and Arizona won in between Jay Williams credits him. Great bracket dude. Perfect bracket, great bracket. I love it. He's great bracket. I Mean, we have it. It's The best looking funnel. Four No name calling. Yeah. It is the best looking funnel Four. It's a great funnel. It it's a perfect bracket if you're a pussy. Yeah. Yeah. If you don't take any risks, there's so many people who walk around with just perfect brackets. I know. It's, it's so, right. Did you See there's a woman out there who has a perfect bracket in the women's bracket, which is, I know it's less variance, but still That's still very impressive. Insane. They're in the final four now. Alright. So yeah, duke killed Alabama. Duke's the best team in the country.


I I they, they, it was so tall. It was clinical, what they did to Alabama. The Texas Tech, Florida game was great. Walter Clayton, I love watching him play. And then today, Houston, Tennessee was over in the first four minutes. And I like, they just suffocated Tennessee. Tennessee has still never been to a Final Four. Great. Another great year for Rick Barnes, but came up short. Yeah. And I, I don't know what, like today was the day where like Houston was just gonna win that game every single time they played. Yeah. So they were used to having Chalin get like a little bit of daylight on their three pointers and get into rhythm and they got no rhythm. Yeah. It was just suffocating defense the entire time from Houston.


They couldn't get anything in the paint. It was, yeah, it, what was the score like 22 to five at one point? It was, I think halftime was what, 34 15 or something? Yeah, it Was, it was ugly. It was ugly early. And then what? Yeah. What does Tennessee do? Because they're a good basketball team. Tennessee is consistently under Rick Barnes a very good basketball team. I they've never been to a Final Four. Yeah. They used to have the NIT banners hanging up inside their basketball stadium. I think they took those down. But do they have Elite eight banners hanging up or is there just nothing reminding them of their basketball team? I Don't know. It's it's, it's, it's just, it's sucks for them because they've had, they've been a very consistently good basketball team for this stretch here.


Like speci specifically the last three to four years. And they can't get over the hump. And, and, and unfortunately for them, it's like you gotta, if you're gonna win a national title, you probably, unless you're a Yukon of the last two years, you're gonna have to win a game that you might not be favored or a game that you might not have your best stuff. And it just, just keeps happening to 'em. Yeah. They got Purdue last year and then it's just like you, that's the one year with the Zach Edie whistles. Yeah. And then, and then the Michigan State Auburn game was so frustrating to watch because it felt like watching that game, Auburn was better. But Michigan State, I feel like, had 10 to 15 chances to hit one big shot to put real game pressure on Auburn and they just never could hit a big shot.


Yeah. They just couldn't hit it from the outside. And when they tried to go in the lane, they were getting swatted. Yeah. But it was like, did it feel, didn't you guys have the same feeling that it was just teetering on that edge the entire time where it was like a nine point game, a 10 point game. If Michigan State could hit one three in a stop or you know, one big dunk and then a three, we'd have a real game just in layups. Yeah. And we just couldn't get to it. They could not get over that initial hump to then put on actual game pressure on Auburn and Auburn's Auburn. I mean, they, they finished the regular season poorly, but they're, they were the number one seed and they had an incredible regular season and they, they're awesome again. Yeah. And Janiah Broom coming back in, in the game after it looked like he fucked up his elbow bad. It was one of those things where he, he was on the ground and he was just looking at his elbow.


Like there was something wrong with it that didn't hurt, but that he knew was like fucked up. He goes in the locker room after telling his mom like, I'm done. And then the X-ray comes back in and then he proceeds to play the end of the game with one arm. Yeah. And he is still pretty good. He's still like blocking shots and getting rebounds. Yeah, He, it, it was, I mean he's, he's a stud. He's, he's also a man that's like the Yeah. That's, that would be your only thing if you're not, if you're rooting against Duke. 'cause like will it, will it matter if they end up having to play against men? Yeah. Probably not. Cooper Flag is, he's a boy, but he's a man. If I was Cooper Flagg, I would sit out. Yeah. And don't get hurt. You're gonna be playing against grown ass men. Sit out, opt out, and then just wait to enter the NBA draft and make money Opt out.


It's gonna be a great final four. Better be a great Final Four. Has to be, has to be Hank The game. Owes it to us. Hank, what are your thoughts on the weekend? I just NIL ruined college basketball. I don't wanna be a hater, but it it, No, we need that. Listen, I'm, I I've been of the mindset that I'm not going to, I think what happens a lot of times when, when these things happen is the people who don't like college basketball are usually the loudest to be like, it's over. It's broken because they didn't like it in the first place, or they only liked the tournament. You know what I mean? They show up for the tournament. So there'll be some talking heads and be like, there's a major problem in college basketball. And then there's some people who on the other side will say, there's no problem.


There's just an anonymous year. I think there could be a problem, but I would like to see more. Well, that's where I Stand. I just want madness. Yeah. No, I I I Don't care if, if the games are good, I wouldn't care. But yeah, The, I want good games. The very clear issue has been if you're not making your three pointers Yeah. If you don't make your three pointers, you're gonna lose. And not only are you gonna lose, but you're gonna get the shit kicked out of you. It is very, that's what we saw in, in several games in the Elite eight. It is very funny when we're watching these games And we have an NBA game on as well and just every shot goes in. Yeah. When you're watching the NBA, it's like, anytime anyone has a little bit of daylight from three, it's a swish. And then you're watching Michigan State. I think they had a possession, I think they had a 62nd stretch today where they were like, oh, for six from three. It was, it was unreal.


Yeah. What 15 points in the first half from Tennessee. Yeah. And then on Thursday night, the Indiana Pacers scored 162 points. Yeah. Against the Wizards and took shot clock violations intentionally in the last three possessions. Yeah. It was a different sport. Yeah. Different sport. How would you fix college basketball? I mean, it's tough. Like they, it's, it's, it's one of those things where I believe that players should get paid. I don't want to sound like an old man young at Clouds, but I think they've went about it. They kind of said, okay, players should get paid and then just turned to a free for all. There's no guard rails. Yeah. It just turned to a free for all, which has, has hurt. And like the Amir Kant thing, it's great fun story, but he made a hundred K and now for next year, like that was the biggest story of the tournament.


Next year there's gonna be a million student managers like trying to go viral so they can make money. But like, that's not what NIL is for. And then when they show the graphic of, I think it was like five years ago, the Final four roster and like where they started their college career. Yeah. That part, there was maybe one or two or three transfers. Yep. Now you look at it and you know, the, the players from this year were on completely different teams last year. There's no continuity, but I don't, the answer is continuity and not transferring, but, And no viral student managers And No. And fuck am me k That's the main one. No, it's just like that. Like That Was the first one you said. Yeah. It's Just that, that It seems like your whole thing was just pretty much just a mere con. I, we'll see next year, I think, I think the Amme, I think I like Amme K, but I just, I think it's gonna spawn a million like spinoffs of, of, and that's not what it's called.


Basketball. Make sure to follow Sister Jean on TikTok. Right. So I agreed with you on the transfer thing. They have to figure it out. Multi-year contracts, Multi-year contracts. I, I've, I've also thrown out the idea that, you know, we're gonna talk with Fanta about it, but schools are, are about on the precipice of being able to pay directly to players. And I, I, I've said this idea before, but a freshman gets 50 K from the school. A sophomore gets 75, a junior gets a hundred. If you transfer, you go back to freshman salary. So like, there is a, you could still transfer, you can still do whatever you want, but you don't get to climb the ladder of, of what the school can pay you.


Yeah. I like That one. Which would be interesting. But yeah, I I I, it's a weird time and I think they'll hopefully figure it out because I love college sports very, very much. And this, listen, it wasn't the best tournament, but we do have a great final four and for people who are like, this has never happened before. Stat Hole sent me this in 2007, we had two ones and two twos. In 2008 we had four ones all four ones made it to the final four. And in 2009 it was two ones and two and a three. So we had a stretch where it was a lot of chalk. What was that in 2008? Hank? That was Titus. That was the Titus year. Ohio State, Florida. Yeah. Where was that? LU where where, what city was that in UCLA?


It was in San Antonio. Hmm. Oh, nice. Hmm. Hmm. That's Wild. Connect to dots. Hmm. I also appreciate this guy Steve Berkowitz. For some reason he just spent like five hours tweeting out all the bonuses that coaches got. Oh. This year Bruce Pearl got a hundred thousand dollars bonus for making the final four. That's it. Yeah. He's gotten 450,000 bonuses this season. Michigan State coach Tom Izzo finished his season with 200,000 bonuses. Kelvin Sampson picks up $300,000 bonus. And then Tennessee, if they finish in the top 10 in the media poll, which they will, Rick Barnes will get a million dollars Whoa.


In bonuses. Million bucks for Rookie Barnes. He's Consistent. Yeah. He is consistent. Speaking of coaches, max, that scumbag, Kevin Willard is now your new coach. Congratulations. Thanks. Anything you wanna say? Apologies to Maryland fans. Did he? He said he did it over a Zoom call. That's, he told his, he told his team over a Zoom call. That's tough Max. Obviously there's bad blood between Kevin Willard and the athletic department at the University of Maryland. But The players Unfortunately things players To, to zoom the players. Well, we'll see. We'll See if we saw He didn't Address them. No, but we'll see. They assumed them.


We'll see if any of the players come with him. Okay. Do if The player, if the players come with him, then, then we'll see. Do you think that Julian Reese, what if they don't, you think Julian Reese, I'll bet you Julian Reese doesn't come with him. He has no more eligibility. Fuck. I thought I could get you. I Bet you, I bet you Queen doesn't come. He's going to the draft. Okay. It have the last like two weeks given you any pause about Kevin Willard as a man of integrity. No, there's coaches out there that kill people. There's coaches out there that you defend. Wait, that, that help cover up murders. Jim ba coaches out there. Who do we defend? Who do we defend? Jim Heim retired. Who do we defend? You don't defend him. But who Do we defend? I mean, you say everyone, everyone says that these, there's way worse coaches that do worse stuff.


Who, Why are you pointing At us? Who killed someone Max. He didn't kill anyone, but, okay. There was allegations that he was Actually tune into our Monday Reading. We have, we have more on that. Yeah. Yeah. We have, we have a graph that someone What Did Kevin Willard do? He's he, he went on, he went into the media and said that he, oh Shit. No, he is just, he just, he's just a dick. Did you see the hank? So Danny Hurley. Danny Hurley was in the same situation, had like A stroke. You as Max's point, Hank just goes, oh shit, He's watching the sun's rocket. Sun's rockets. Game reel almost just died. What? Dylan Brooks also just went nuts. He got kicked outta the game. That was interesting. That that Was interesting. Yeah.


Did you see the clip of him leaving Seton Hall doing the exact same thing? It was very funny. No, That yeah, we talked about that on Friday. Yeah. He said like the exact same conference. Yeah. Saw I finally saw the videos back to back and it was, yeah. He's just a scumbag. Well now he's gonna get support. Now He's only to 16. Now's gonna get support From His team. 16 only been to one Street 16 in 18 years. Yeah, he was at Seton Hall. Oh, okay. I'm just saying say that without the president around. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Say that when pugs around, Not, not necessarily a school that gets great resources. Do You think he was a he's a great hire. I think he's a good hire. Okay. I I wouldn't say Who would've been a great hire. Jay Wright. No. Yeah. Jay Wright. Yeah. There wasn't like Todd Golden.


There wasn't like guys out there. This, this cycle for there to be like, There are no great hires. Eight Plus plus hires. Yeah. So I'm, I'm excited for the next, next chapter. We're gonna be competitive again. You got The Crown. We Got The Crown coming up. Build some momentum. Yeah. College basketball is a wild west right now. It's, people do whatever the fuck they want. It is true. And that, that's just the, the nature of the game. And Kevin Willard went to Villanova to get a better job and to be in a better situation for his family. Okay. Also, just shout out the southeastern portion of the United States. All the teams. Shout out the southeastern portion. You get everyone, you get everyone this time. Yeah. I don't, I don't I didn't get The, the Duke Florida.


Auburn Houston. Oh yeah. Got it. I I thought I, I was like trying to relate that to Whatever. No, not this. No, not about Villanova. Just about Well That's what we were talking about. Yeah. You guys are not in the southeast. Yeah. Correct. Shout out to Southeast Doesn't, it means more down there. Incorrect, but, Well what is the SEC's actual tagline For football? It means more. No, I think It's for both. That's the Entire conference means more. No. For football. It literally means More. Means more. It means more in football. They said it first they got dibs on. It means more. That's just a Fact. What does the Big East say? Ballers. Ballers. I do want my rule to be, I the Kevin Wheelers should have to go play at Maryland until he beats Maryland Deal.


I, I would see that's another thing that, that'll be one day Marilyn will face off against Villanova in something and that'll be awesome to watch. Yeah. Doesn't matter what sport. Yeah. But it should happen next Year. Yeah. It should happen next Year. No, I would love that. I would absolutely love that. Maryland has been trying to rehire Gary Williams. So the next, the next incarnation they've been lost ever since Gary Williams left. And he was a great coach. And then was he now I think they are a basketball school. Firmly. Yeah. Marilyn Is not Well they're not, they're definitely not a football School. They're not a football school. They wanna be, you're a basketball school hire, hire some big sweaty guy that screams at people and fires his assistants during games. Get back To may be great. Steve Blake did put his, his name in there.


He, he tweeted. Oh did he? He's like, yeah. He's like, I'm, I'm available. I mean, that's the next step is get get him Juan Dixon, Lonnie Baxter. Have those guys come back. Did Juan Dixon, did he do something? Wasn't there, wasn't he a coach somewhere? Was he, is that, am I thinking of someone else? Jamie Dixon? No, no, no, no. Chris Wilcox. Get all those guys back. Just coach the team. Yeah. Yeah. No, it would be sick at that at this point. If it's, if it's not going well, you might as well just, you know, bring back the glory days and just sell people on that. Yeah. What was the Juan Dixon thing? Or am I I might have just made that up. Juan Dixon always seemed like a good guy to me.


Juan Dixon. What's he up to? Coach? What is Juan Dixon up to? Was he Oh he was Housewives. Look ju judge, dismisses cop and state from lawsuit that alleges sexual assault blackmail by basketball staffer. That's pretty good. So they dismissed it. Oh That was against him. Oh, I'm seeing him on Housewives. Former Coach Juan, a former basketball player accuses Lucian Brownley an assistant on former coach Juan Dixon's, team of blackmailing sexually assaulting him. The player identified the man. All right. I just remember there's a story. So I was right about the story. I don't remember how much Juan Dixon was involved in it, it Sounds like Yeah. A guy on his staff. Yeah. Possibly Alleged, which was thrown out.


Coppin State and former coach Juan Dixon. Dismissed from sexual assault Black ma male lawsuit. Okay. What was the record this year? Max? Whose record? Coppin State. Well this was a couple years ago that he was coached there and got dismissed. So I don't know what their record was this year. They're Pretty bad. Not good. Wait, no this was 2023. Yeah, That was when he was the last coach. I say fuck it. Bring 'em back. Anyways. Fuck it. Fuck it. Figure out the what? Figure out what's going on with that lawsuit and then bring him back. Or Maybe Buzz. Yeah, maybe Buzz Williams. Okay. Let's talk some other sports before we do that.


Gametime Hank, can you look up, let's, let's look up Cubs opening day on Friday. Home opener. The best part about, actually no, let's look up the games in San Antonio. 'cause the best part about college basketball is here. We know you're as excited as we are to watch some big upsets throughout the tournament while we're streaming the cave. You can get out to see the action in person with Gametime. The official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Price on the app actually go down the closer it gets to Showtime plus the Gametime picks feature makes it even easier to find the great deals on the seats you want. You can even find last minute tickets for the tournament for up to 60% off quickly and easily. Just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT picks setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your Gametime app homepage. We're looking at tickets right now. What are the tickets for the games in San Antonio? You could Go to both games for 550 bucks or if you wanted to just go to the Florida game, you could get in for 295. Okay. Go to both. They're gonna be great games. So go to Gametime app right now. Buy your tickets. They've got great curated deals for all tiers of tickets and you know you're getting the top option when you see the Super Deal icon. What are you waiting for? Buy those tickets to San Antonio. See Florida, Houston, duke, and Auburn play. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime.


Okay. Other things. There was a brawl in the NBA. It was awesome. Dante di Vincenzo about that life. First Guy in Yeah. Support His guy. Could you could pull up the video 'cause I saw it. So it's Timberwolves Pistons. I like that. The pistons are the pistons. Getting into meaningful brawls again is like, that's the last step in their rebuild. They're a playoff team, but that's the last step in their rebuild of being like their swaggers all the way back. Yeah. I think it's good for the sport. Just seeing those jerseys. Yeah. Throwing some hands. Yeah. Look at Dante right in the middle of it. Dante was all, he had no problem with that. I think there was some dick grabbing going on as well. Isaiah Stewart's been like the biggest fight guy the last few Years. Yeah, he's the famous clip where he was being held back bloody and just like going through the whole, basically every single person trying to hold him back.


Was he the one who's He was in the middle of it. I saw him Possibly grabbing Dante di Vincenzo. That's him right there. Okay. I like this though. We haven't had a brawl, we haven't had a braw like this in a long time. I Like that Dante was sitting down and then got up to up to get back in the fight. Yeah. He's like, tap me in. And then A bunch of dudes coming with QIPs just trying to break everything up. So It, it started was it Nas Reed? Somebody fouled Nas Reed. Then Nas got in his face. I nas Reed terrifies me. Yeah. He seems like a very scary guy. I also, I like, I I wonder if we can get, when we find out more about this brawl, my favorite is whenever there's a personal security guard that also gets involved from like the baseline And you have to communicate with the actual security guards from the arena.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So yeah, it was Oh, nare Finger wag. Yeah. Nas Reed finger pointing. Then Don de Vice Vincenzo just jumped like he wasn't part of this. And then he became the main character of this. Yeah. Stand up for his guy Nova Boys Italians. I remember I, I heard a story about this big Timberwolves fan that loved Nas Reed so much that he got a Nas Reed tattoo. Like the words Nas reed. Okay. When you're getting that tattoo and they write the n, the A and the Z, how quickly do you, oh yeah. Do you say to that tattoo guy, you probably actually make them write Reed first. No, they they probably go backwards.


Yeah, they go back. They probably do ZAN. Yeah. You can't just pause after the Z. Correct. Correct. Be some bad footage out There. I would agree. Yeah. Look at this little kids with their cameras out looking for, for brawl footage. This is this part of the NBA season is, is so I'll say boring because it's just everyone. I feel like every night half the team's even trying or tanking and a lot of the teams are already set with their like, we have no drama in the west. Who's gonna get the one seed? Well, JJ actually put a study together complaining about some stuff. What'd he say? He said that no matter how much the rest of the league is sitting there guys out, he had his guy look at the numbers and I think it's 80 per 86% of the starting fives play against the Lakers when they get a chance to play the Lakers.


So nobody sits there guys against la. Oh. So that's actually makes me hate Duke. Wait. Yeah. That makes me hate Duke. And also, Hey dude, you got Luca for free. Yeah. So You can't complain. That's A pretty good, pretty good trade off. But yeah, the, the the, the Thunder have had the west locked up for like a month and a half And with the plans it like kind of ruined. Like if there was drama for the eight seat, it'd be one thing but Right. Fighting to get to the play to maybe get to the playoffs. Like it's not, I Hate, hate the play. It sucks. Has There been a a more overlooked, disrespected, brushed aside two seed overall than the Houston Rockets? No. They're playing well. Yeah, but you can always just go with the Rockets. They're too young. Yeah. They're the thunder of last year.


They gotta learn how to win win. Yeah. You gotta learn how to win first. Yeah. And then we'll, and then next year they'll be for real. The Grizzlys being a playoff team in firing their coaches is a wild, crazy, wild story that I don't understand at all. And, And then John Morant comes back right when they get their interim head coach. Yeah. Really? He must have just hated Him. Well they were playing, they were playing poorly. They haven't been good for the last couple weeks, but yeah. To just playoff. I, the problem might be they have a fifth seed if you're gonna fire your, if, if you hate your coach. Right. If you're a GM and you hate your coach and he's the four seed he gets in the playoffs, what if he wins two playoffs series? Right. You can't fire him anymore. Right. You gotta do it now. Yeah.


But yeah, it's, it's, I agree. I agree. I think the playing, I think the plan sucks. I wish they would take get rid of it because it's not only, it's not only there's no drama for the eight seed, but it's what I've always, when they originally announced the play in, I was like this is going to be for franchises like the Bulls, Jerry reins rope's gonna use this as like we almost made the playoffs every single year and they're exactly in that spot. Again. You get, they're playing fun basketball but they're not a play. Like they shouldn't be a playoff. You get to play and win. Yeah. And then you're like, oh we won a playoff series. Right. It's Bullshit. It's bullshit. It's just more teams that the owners could basically sell. Like hey, we're right there. Yeah. But yeah, so the NBA so, so we had a brawl which was cool and then we're just waiting for the playoffs and you're Hank you already conceded the one seed to the Cals.


Yeah. I asked you that and you're like, yeah it's over. Yeah. Unless the cals would have to lose out. We'd have to win out maybe a couple games here or there. But it's the cap's. Got it. Okay. So you've conceded concede the concession has been made. So if you get the one seed, will you take it back? Will you give it back? You'll officially say, I don't want the one seed and try and talk to Adam Silver and be like, can we get this reversed? Yes. Okay. Good. Man, that's a man of principle. Coach Missoula might not like that. I Believe you. No, he doesn't care. Whoever gets put in front of him, they'll play. No, but Coach Missoula would, he Would want it too. He'd be like, we don't deserve the one. Yeah. But if they deserve, if they win enough games to get the one to then give it up.


No, I think Coach Missoula would be like, well it's Not in the Celtics control. That's the thing. What do you mean? Like the Celtics would went out and knocked at the one seat. Right. I think Coach Missoula would say, well no they Could, they Could give us the eight seat. They could get the one seat and not get the one seat. According to you. 'cause you'd have to give it back. Yeah. It's one thing if it's, if you control your own destiny, it's one thing to, to you know, give it up. But they don't. So Well no, they We're focused on the playoffs. We on the, we're focused on being healthy. If you get one seat, it doesn't matter if we're the one, two, you're not allowed to take it 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. We just need to be healthy And we are gonna run through the east. Okay. So what you're saying is Mickey Mouse championship if you guys win the championship as the one seed. Yeah. Because it wasn't according to your, okay, Got it. We're not gonna be the one seat. So you can say whatever you want and I'll say yes.


Okay. But if you are, you're gonna give it up. Will you shave your head if you get the one seat? Yes. Okay, now I'm ready. Go Celtics End beard. Okay. Go Celtics. Will, will, will you make Max get a soul Patch. A soul patch? Yes. If you get the one seat. Wow. Okay. Perfect. Awesome. Like Max put himself outta the running for Cooper flag and now is back in. Correct. I would never do that. Yeah, You would never do that. It Is disgusting. That's that. He's back. I, in Fact, I think Great Point. I think that Max, you should have to get a Soul patch if you somehow luck your ass way into the number one overall pick. I'm not getting Soul Patch. And you get Cooper, you For Cooper Flag. For Cooper flag. You Took yourself outta the, outta the ladder. You Yes. Yeah. I'll, I I'll Would you go for for NBA championship?


Yes. For Cooper Flag. Nope. You just said yes to an BA championship. Cooper you said yes to an NB you said Hate to get a Soul patch for the N NBA Champ. I'm not getting Soul Patch. All three of us should get one. If we either of us get, any of us get a Cooper Fly. I'm not doing Soul Patch for Max. I'll get A patch max. I'm also not getting, I'm also not getting a soul Patch. I will get one if, if the bowls get Cooper Fly, I will get one. If the Wizards get Cooper flag basically already have. But then when I get, people are like yo PFT that looks kind of normal. Hank did say Max you heard the same thing I did. He did say, he said he would get a soul patch if the Celtics won the championship. I'm Not doing that Cooper flag. Yes. And your word used to mean something on this show. If Celtics at Cooper Flag. Soul Patch. Okay.


We also have the owner's meeting in Orlando right now and they're deciding. So they had the, the annual coaches' picture. I blogged it. Go check it out. They did it inside this year. It sucks. Disgusting. Sucks. Credit to you. PFT Dan Quinn was a monster. Yeah, he's looking good. He looked awesome. The head looked super shiny. I Said he looked like a guy who's got a smoking hot wife and four smoking hot daughters. And he's just always angry. 'cause everyone in his family's hot. Yeah. He's having to protect him all the time. Yeah, he's, Yeah. That checks out. Yeah. And he's just a manly man who just will break your hand if you give him a handshake. Yeah. Aaron Glenn won the Aaron Glenn Award 'cause I have nothing to say about Aaron Glenn completely unremarkable.


I spent about five minutes looking at Brian Callahan. Yeah. Trying to figure out who Brian Callahan was. Oh, I I did it with Brian Shaheim Heimer my, oh, I remembered him. Yeah. Well my Brian Heimer award was just, this has to be Brian Schottenheimer. I knew who Brian Callahan was. Brian call Callahan doesn't know where the camera is. Yeah, He's he's often like a LSD fog somewhere. Our guys though look like if he like, I don't know which guys we can technically say are our guys. I would say LeFlore is one of our guys. I say Stefanski. Yep. Vrabel, Vrabel Shanahan. I would say Harbaugh Shanahan looks thousand yards there. He needs to win a Super Bowl so bad. Stefanki looks good in the pink.


He does need to do a couple pushups. 'cause that right hit is just sagging a little. You Know what? Same with the floor. What, you know what I loved in this was that Andy Reed famous for wearing shorts no matter what the weather is. Yeah. Inside he's wearing pants. Yeah. He zigzagged on you Also zoom in Andy Reed, I, I said this but Andy Reed, if you've never had a look at Andy Reed's Kel Andy Reed's Kel. If they, if if, if the World Trade Centers were reinforced with an Andy Reed's Kel instead of steel still up, I respect that A hundred percent. Those things will never bend those things. Could they? They, he's never had a, a turned ankle in his life. Jet fuel can't melt Reed Femurs. Yes, exactly. And also Dan, Dan Campbell.


I, I don't know if you guys imagine the same thing when you looked at this picture, but I I I think his polo's down to his shins. If you, if you see the polo, he's wearing a comically large polo. So I, which I don't think he cares 'cause they, he's the type of guy he'll wear a dress and just hope you talk shit. Yeah. I fed the picture into that new What's the new chat? GPT Ai image simulator. Is it like the, the Ghibli Ghibli? What the fuck is that thing called it? It's just chat. GBT. Yeah. So I fed it in there. It did a terrible job. You can't recognize any of these guys. The the 4K load it in 4K Max. Why are you struggling with this so bad? Because It doesn't fucking work on any of these websites. Oh man. They're all, they, they're all shitty quality phones. Go on Twitter and go the pr You Can't zoom in On Twitter.


Yes. Yes. You wanna Look Okay. Zoom in command plus it, it, it just goes right back to what it was. Okay. Mike Tomlin should always be wearing a hat. He looks weird without hat. Are they gonna get Aaron Rogers or what The new article today said? They don't know. Okay. And so they're, they don't have a plan A, a plan B or a plan C. Got it. They're just moving forward right now. Okay. So no plan A, no plan B, no plan C max. You want to, I mean, Siri, he's not wearing, he's not wearing pants. He looks like a little boy. He looks like a little boy. And he, I think you can do it though. When you win the Super Bowl, I, you show up in anything you wanna wear. Right. That, that you, you, you get to do that. Did was Dbol in the same spot last Year?


Dbol. So Dbol is all the way. I think Dbol didn't even wanna be in the picture. And I also think that D's wearing, I think he's the only one in the picture who is wearing team issued gear. So that kinda Suck Up. Move. Well no, I think it's more that otherwise people would think like he was fired. Yeah. Like he's wearing it to, to remind everyone, oh, I'm actually not fired. I think he's doing it. So the mirrors see him and they're like, that's a team play right there. Always, always promoting the brand. But he Like got, he got the awkward conversation outta the way because if someone ran into him they'd be like, oh, what are you up to these days? They see the Giants, they're like, oh yeah, that's right. He didn't get Fired. How's That going? Because you know how there's always like one or two coaches that get talked about being fired so much and then they don't get fired.


Oh that's all Max's and you're like, how the fuck did that happen? Like I half expected Doug Peterson to be in this photo. Yeah. You know where it just didn't end up happening. It's fine Max. It's fine. You're the producer. You had like five hours to set this up. It's fine. The fucking thing doesn't fucking work. Alright, so let's, I like That they put the outside of the hotel in a giant picture behind the guys crazy. I'm so sad they weren't outside that. You gotta have this outside. It was over the past. Put him in the rain. Put him in the rain. You'll see Dan Campbell, if you zoom in his, his his shirt, you can't see the bottom of his Shirt. Oh yeah. See that That is, that is right out of like 2001.


Jen is the longest shirt ever. He just shouts at the big and tall store and doesn't give a fuck. It is sad though that Mike Tomlin's, he's got the sunglasses in the shirt. Yeah, this should be outside. He came ready, He came ready. So the big news right now at the NFL League meeting is the tush push ban. So there's been a proposal to ban the tush push and has support with the competition committee during the football operations Sunday session. Howie Roseman and the assistant gm John Ferrara had an animated conversation with Sean McVay and Sean McDermott in a side hallway outside the ballroom. So animated conversation two Italians, Philadelphia. You can imagine what that was like after the meeting.


Cowboys co-owner Steven Jones said, we don't allow pushing And we're trying to be consistent with our rules. That is verbatim basically what I say in my house, like every weekend to my kids. We don't allow pushing and we're trying to be consistent with our rules. I can't believe this is a real thing that the n NFL's talking about. We, we need to keep our hands to ourselves And we need to use safe arms indoors. It's honestly max, it, it's gonna be banned. I think at some point, if it's not this year in the future it will be banned. I do not want it to be banned. But you should look at this as a win. This would be such a massive win. Oh yeah. For the Philadelphia Eagles. If you're just so much better at being strong than every other football team that they make you being strong against the rules.


It feels Patriots esque. Yeah. Hank thoughts. They hate us 'cause they ain't us. Yeah. It's like I I said a n us for the tush, but yeah. Anus. Oh they 'cause they the anus. That's good. That's good. I just don't think they should Ban it. Like I, I feel like the bi like the, the Bills couldn't even run it in The playoffs and Well they weren't pushing. The bills were pushing. They also very good at that play in the regular season. But not Did did you guys also see Siri's quote which was fire? Like it was pretty, he's feeling himself Sirianni showing up in, in shorts. He said, we'll see how it goes. All say is Jonathan Gannon. Shane Steichen and Kellen Moore better vote for it. They're in the head, they're in their position right now because of that play.


I like that. That play Put the pressure on their, their their careers. You're tush merchant. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, there's Another big story coming outta the NFL league meetings. Big Cat. Did you see the rules report? They changed the rule. They added something to the Wait, Wait. I'm gonna guess. Okay. Alright. Gimme a, gimme a vague because I love this. They always do it just to say they did Something. There's a new thing that is now a 15 yard penalty for being a violent gesture. Is it guns? It's I think guns is already guns Already. You can do the throat Slash was a while ago. You can do the bow and arrow I think throat Slash nose. Yes. Wow. The nose wipe. That's So dumb. The nose wipe. Nose wipe is now a 15 yard penalty for being a violent gesture.


RIP to the Broward guys that do that after every single play. Fuck that. The slime Can't do it anymore. Can't do it. Although, I mean that conviction was somewhat overturned. Just this whole conversation got me juiced up for some, You know what I think here, here's Here. He's just like, I we're talking about nose wipes. Yeah. Roger push pushes and, and oversized polos. And I'm like, Football Roger Goodell's gonna be like, we'll let you guys have the nose wipe back. You can do the nose wipe celebration in exchange for an 18 game season. Yeah. And the players will be like, fuck. He's Yeah, He absolutely will. Yeah. I think that that was it. I mean I love the, I love that they all go into this hotel in Orlando.


We should go one Year. Yeah, I've been saying that Maybe spring break, we just go down there. Going to the owner's meeting would be incredible. I don't think they would let us anywhere near any Of this. I would sneak in Anywhere near any of this. Act like a stewardess. I'm here to see Jerry Jones Also. I feel like the coaches been nice. Broden might be able to give us like a blueprint. Yeah. On, on how to sneak in. Well that was his recap of it. He's like, they they, they make us take a picture then they send us across the street. Then they change all the rules. They go play golf, they change all the rules while we're playing golf. Okay. Anything else from the wide world of sports? Oh Yeah. What I was gonna say, the Yankees. Yeah, The Yankees torpedo bats Cheating.


Okay, I cheating. I wanna hear your guys' take. My take is simple. I wish everyone would shut the fuck up about it so we could win some money. Betting the over for like a couple weeks. I bet the over today. Easiest win ever. Why do we have to ruin something? A billion? Because it's cheating. A billion home runs against the brewers. Do you like money, Hank? I don't. I like, I like integrity. Oh god. That's one thing about Hank. I'm curious about the rules of the sport. That's why you were anti deflategate. That whole thing. That was proven to be a witch. A witch hunt. So here's where I stand. I don't care that it's available for any team to do it. I don't care that any team could hire an MIT scientist to design their bats.


I don't care that other teams have done it. The Yankees are doing it right now, which means that it must be stopped. But can we also win some money for a little bit? Yeah. I also have a take. Yeah. Why you watch baseball? To watch homers? Yeah. Why do people want less homers? Yeah. Like everything in baseball right now is going towards the pitcher. The one time, the one time something goes towards the hitter and now everyone wants to freak out. That's what baseball's fun. You wanna watch people hit, you wanna, this is good for baseball. More runs is good for baseball, But the Yankees are doing it. Correct. Which I get, I get that, that point. That's, That's the main point. But if Everyone starts doing this and everyone starts scoring more runs, that is more fun to watch.


But, But the problem is every team hasn't been doing it. They should be, but they're not. So that means the Yankees are the main ones doing it, which means it sucks. If Every team gets to use this bet, then every pitcher should be able to use this sticky stuff. Also. Wait, hold on a second. Isn't it just two guys on the Yankees that are doing it? Like Aaron Judge hit three home runs yesterday. He's not using this. Listen, me and me and Elon are in lockstep on this. No, no. Judge should have that much power. Yeah. I Also think there's a guy from the twin that's using one too. I saw too that, 'cause Dave did a rant on it and then someone responded that like the Red Sox were using 'em in, in spring training. I didn't see that.


Yeah. I mean, Cake face right now, if The bat's that much better, every team should be doing it, right? Yeah. There was, I think there was a player on the rays that did it in a pinch hit situation. Got a hit. He's like, yeah, I'm gonna break it out for special circumstances, dude. Just fucking everybody use this bat if it's better. Yeah. The Rays baseball field is a joke. Oh, it's so Bad. It's a Joke. It's so bad. Wait, memes. You have how many, how many Yankees are doing it? I volpes doing it. Bellinger iss doing it. Jazz. Chis Holmes's doing it. And I think there might be one more. So three And those guys all hit home runs. Okay. I like, I I was hoping that we would just be chill about this and bet the over for a couple weeks and then they'd be like, oh, can't do it Anymore.


If it was any other team doing it, we'd all be very chill. Every team should fucking do it. If the Yankees are doing it, it's working. That's also true. Just do it. That's Also true. I think they will and it'll be Fun. That's what happened with the, with the trash cans. What? Every team started doing it. Every Team started cheating. And then the Red Sox had to start using iPhones and Apple watches cheating. The Astros made you cheat. They also for MLB. So the two other MLB stories. One is MLB app blew it on opening day. And then I think they're still having problems. Gotta figure that out. MLB tv. Gotta figure that out, has It? I, I've been Saturday. I think Ebo was saying that he couldn't watch the Orioles. That's bad, bad, Bad. I was wa I watched Phillies on Saturday.


Okay, so it's maybe better. Yeah. And then they also release, You watch Phillies today, max. Yeah, we won the series. So what happened today? You Just gotta keep winning series. Ola is just Ala he's packed being Ola. He just, every, every single game, he, he starts off great. He looks like the best pitcher in baseball. And then he has one inning where he just blows up every single game. Turn him into a reliever. They released Forbes, released how much each team made in 2024. And then how much they're paying in payroll in, in 2025. And it's, so the Mets are using basically 90% of what they made they're using on payroll. Good. That's good. Good. Very good. Dodgers, 73%. That's probably all because show does, or show Hay being paid $2 million a year.


And then the Cubs are at, at 26, they're using 36% of what they made last year. And they're the, the third or fourth biggest. Highest in terms of revenue. Yeah. Red Sox gotta be up at the bottom too. Right? The Red Sox are 23rd. They're using 42%. So they gotta to get their weight up actually right next to the nationals. I I, this just needs to be shamed more. The, the Cubs are using, the Cubs are only ahead of the Pirates. The Rays, the White Sox and the Marlins. That is bad. They also just traded Cody Bellinger for money and then pocketed. That is bad. I think that in the case of the nationals, if you're selling the team, this goes across all sports. If you're selling the team, why not put some money in some free agents Right before you sell the team?


Because guys might be like, I don't wanna fucking, I mean, they probably wouldn't think this way, but being like, I don't want to pay for this if you have all these guys. No, I feel like that can, that's a rounding era at that point. Work for the Celtics. Yeah. Well they paid good players. True. Yeah. Pay good free agents. Yeah. Try to make some additions. But It is, it is the next owner's problem. Like after, after this year. It's, it's questions, hard questions have to be answered. Yeah. I just hate seeing this shit. It drives me insane. Just seeing how much money they make and how little they spend on. It's like, dude, if you own a team, we, I, we need to interview every person who goes to buy a team and just be like, dude, are you a chill guy or what? Yeah. Are you a real sports Fan? Like, are you fucking down for it or No? Are you real sports fan? Because what you can do, here's what you can do is you can pay a hundred percent of your revenue.


Yeah. And guess what? You're still gonna make money. 'cause your team's gonna get more valuable. Correct. Over The long term. Just Gimme, gimme five minutes with any prospective owner. And I could tell you right away if they're gonna be a cheap ass or they're gonna actually be down for it and just look. You got billions of dollars, just fucking throw it around. Win some games. Steve Balmer have Ball out for it. Yeah. These type of guys. Not the smartest, right? Who cares? Doesn't matter. Just go for it. Yeah, Go for it. Matt Ish. Not the smartest sons aren't even gonna make the playoffs. He went for it. Go for it. Yeah. He should buy another team. Maybe. Maybe a baseball team. Yeah. He might buy the White Sox. I know the, yeah. I like just the idea of just going up to a rich guy being like, are you, are you, are you gonna go for it, bro?


Are You cool? Are you are? Just tell me right now. You gonna go for It? Can you hang? Yeah. Do you, do you like winning? How much do you like winning? I'll tell you, I could, I could sniff it out in a second. Okay, let's do who's back the week and then we will finish with the Monday Reading after we get talk to John Fanta our good friend John Fanta,


who's back the week is brought to you by our friends. It truly unruly. Truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light party hard with 8% a BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Fine. Truly unruly at a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


Okay. Who's back of the week? Hank, Who's back of the week was going to be cheating. Shorts are back. We talked about the cheating. Hammocks are back. How? So? There was, you know, we've had a lot of talks about hammocks and how much bighead doesn't like 'em. They're great. A a WL tweeted out a picture of a cell blue sticker that we sell that Picks Hold on. Max on. Hold on. Big Cat and Stella sitting in a hammock drinking coffee. Oh, A cartoon. A cartoon. A a a depiction. It Sounds like it's a Cartoon. It sounds like it's a brand approved logo. A cartoon. What? Hank's describing. Yeah. Cartoon. I have some cartoons. People wanna watch the YouTube. I have some cartoons I'd like to share with you guys.


Okay. Here. We're ready. You're Prepared. The first cartoon is Hank sitting on a lovely outdoor furniture seat saying, it says Living the life. I see that. It's a nice cartoon. There You go. Hank. You're looking really comfortable that That is not the life. That's Andrew Santino. That's You. That's Andrew Santino. That's you. That's Andrew Santino for you. Okay. The next one is PFT in a capital's jersey. That's not, that's Fat burning hammocks. He's burning the Hammocks. Am I wearing a weed hat? Yeah. That's crazy dude. That is nuts. That I, That's fucking nuts. I do be doing that. Why Would you Do that? PFT could never grow a mustache half full. That's a crazy visual. The hammock has probably made a weed. The next One is, I think from CCTV. It's just PFT burning a hammock in real life.


Wow. This is crazy. That Doesn't look real. These are all images. Are we not? I do. Do you agree? These are all images. Hey, I own that jacket. Yeah, I actually, if you zoom in, it's like, you know how the AI distorts shit? Yeah. It's like the most, what do my hands look like? It's the most distorted old Redskins logo you've ever seen. So yeah, there we go. There's another picture. Like, could we zoom in on that? Yeah. And then, oh no, we can't zoom in. And then the last one is a cartoon of Hank signing a contract that says, I am never playing golf again. That's just not my signature. That's crazy. That's not even an H but Yeah, cartoons. Hank cartoons are back. That one at least looks more like me, I guess. Look how, look how happy you are. Yeah. Cartoons. No. Looked almost as happy as you and sell just, you know, drinking coffee, sitting in the hammock.


Those are great. Listen, I'll say like hammocks. If you say you'll never play golf again, if we're going off cartoons, Well that, that's a sold. Like that's a, that's a, I'll sell that. That's brand. I'll fucking Fucking sell that. I'll sell that tomorrow. Not my signature. It's the, I am never playing golf against Stella Blue. It's a good thing. Like you weren't didn't we weren't worried about this. No, it's a good thing. He's not triggered by it. Like the one thing is, it's funny because Hank sits in the Stella Blue meetings and he probably was there the second when that logo is put in front of me and he knows how I react to every logo put in front of me. I go, yeah, that's good. Well, not always Depends on the letters. What do you mean The, a's they, Oh well that was good.


That was more of like, it was a special good. Shane's a still thinking about that. A what happened With the rest, the rest of that That A from Shane was Sometimes I'll just dream about it. That a Yeah, but did you guys like my cartoons? Yeah, they were pretty good cartoons. I was actually on a hammock on Saturday and it's all that is cracked up to be in more It's, that's funny because I have a picture of you burning a hammock. Yeah, I know that's true. That's something from my past. I'll have to Get over. This one is scary. The fact that Quis made this. I know It looks like I'm having a seance for her. Like, It also you look fatter than, nor than I look fat. Real Life. This is like Fat Satanic. PFT. Yeah. So tune into the YouTube to see all my, the cartoons that we can make.


Quis is a weapon I like to CCTV. That's how you know it's, it's real. Everyone, everyone has CCC TV in their backyard. Look at here's, here's the, the logo. How distort it's, That's, that's fucked up. Redskin's logo. Even the Bills one. Alright, so what was your, who's back? And then Miu Lee was my other. Who's Back? What Happened? Won his first PGA tour event. Houston Children's Open beat. Gotti Scheffler. It was a kids event. Yeah. He beat a bunch of kids. That's That's what it's for. Public course. Always a nice touch from the PGA tour. That is cool. We Love that. We play there for like 35 bucks. Shout out. Is it Minu Lee? That's not our tracker, right?


No, no, that's Si Kim. Yep. I knew that. Minu Lee is, he's an internet golf guy. He's huge on TikTok. Huge on what? Instagram. YouTube probably. Cool. This is his first win on the tour. He's pumped. He's from Australia. He's from Australia. Australia. People's chant, I'm very happy. I didn't say congratulations to the Min Wait, no. Some Sea cwo cam tracker. That would've been embarrassing. Oy. Good Thing I didn't That was good. Yeah. Good eye. Okay. PFT. Who's your, who's Back? My who's back of the week is me being right. Oh. For about six years. And I've dealt with a lot of hate for this take. Sweet Vindication is here.


The impractical Joker suck ass. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I've been dying all that Now I was gonna Say wait, I was, that that wasn't us. That No, I, no, a lot of people have been like, dude. Yeah. Tell Me. Not me. They're Funny. Yeah. I thought you were coming at us. No. Like, no, we're not. I've been anti I knew that something was up. Yeah. I knew something was up and I didn't know what it was. And the Mike Greenbergs of the world were all pumped about the Practical Jokers. The whole world became a big commercial for Practical Jokers for about five years. Turns out two of the four creeps. Okay. Sex creeps. Allegedly. Allegedly. Which ones? Allegedly. Please don't tell me it was Sal. Allegedly. It's not Sal Al's a good guy. Fuck yes. It was Joe and it was Myrrh. Allegedly. Okay. So Joe alleged, well I also wanna say for Joe, he has now checked himself into inpatient treatment.


Smart for being a sex creep. I don't know what that smart, that's like when Riley Cooper, after that video came out, he was like, I've entered therapy. Yeah. I've entered treatment. I'm seeking treatment for being a racist. Yeah. Joe Gato is seeking treatment for, I guess being a sex creep. So he is been hitting up high school girls, hanging out with them, touching their stomachs, doing weird shit. And then Mur was allegedly deeming a bunch of underage girls too. Oh. So Impractical Jokers not good guys. We stand Vica. We get now we just, now we just wait. Now we just wait. Big Cat. You know who I'm waiting for the downfall, dude. Perfect. Yeah. Just wait. Not before I, I I was offered to go see their new headquarters and bring my kids.


So can I just go do that First? Yeah. And also for the record, sorry. Kids love Purple Hose are a good guy. I told you that. They're, they basically, dude, perfect. They just, it's, it's a cult that they get everyone into because my, my son did a like, fun run for his school and they gave all the kids dude perfect backpacks. Yeah. And he got one. He was just like, I love dude. Perfect. Yeah. They're youth pastors for sports. Yeah. Imp practical jokers. Okay, so, so Jackass Youth pastors. That's what, that's what they are. Joe and Murr. Yeah. Joe and Merh Sal is fat. Just About Sal. Good Guy. But that's, that's not beam Fat's not a crime. Nope. And now apparently they've taken down a bunch of their old episodes where they've got Joe doing some like weird stuff and Murr doing weird stuff that in retrospect doesn't look good.


But at the time it was like, oh haha, these guys are so funny. Oh, that's Not good. Tough week for Staten Island. Very tough week. Very tough week for Staten Island. Oh yeah. Enters inpatient treatment facility after sexual assault allegations. What, what Is the treatment? Inpatient treatment for sexual Assault Allegations? Yeah, It's like when a stop doing that, it's like when a, when like a pop star or musician goes to the hospital for dehydration. It's like yeah, they just had too many drugs. That's really what's happening. Okay. My who's back of the week is Rick Pitino because RJ Luis is in the transfer portal. But Rick has said that he's gonna go to the N NBA A, he should go to the NBA and He keeps talking him up.


Get Rick doesn't wanna see him go anywhere else. Totally, Totally fine. It wasn't the hard coaching. He's an NBA guy. That definitely is how the sequence of events happened. It was a mutual decision on both of their parts for him to not play the end of that game. And then he was, you know what the N nba, what Rick Pitino was doing was saving his health. Yeah. For the NBA. Well No, he was actually doing a solid because if he had shot, I think he was what shot two for 17. If he had ended up shooting two for 25, no one would've Drafted him. It could've been bad. Yeah. The stock was Slipping. Yeah. It was very funny. RJ Louis hitting the transfer portal and then Rick Pitino taking a Twitter being like, I hope he goes to the NBA. He's always been an NBA guy. So yeah. Good luck to him. Hopefully he goes to the NBA. Okay, let's do our interview with John Fanta.


Let's do talk some more college basketball. He also gives us the next Browns, what he wants for the Browns great time with John Fanta. And then we will finish the whole show with a Monday Reading. That's a little bit of a wild one. So here he is, John Fanta before Pft. He's got a couple ads Before we get to John Fanta.


The People's Champ. He's brought to you by proper 12. The original rich and smooth, proper Number 12 Irish whiskey is a delicious blend of golden grain and single malt triple distilled aged four years in bourbon barrels because anything else just wouldn't be proper. It's great. Straight on the rocks or in your favorite whiskey cocktail. Like the proper PMT plus. Proper number 12 is the only official whiskey of the Barstool College football show. Get yours today. Proper number 12 Irish whiskey. Pour the roar, pick up some rich and smooth proper number 12 Irish whiskey today to try it for yourself.


John Fanta is also being brought to you by our awesome friends over at Noble. I'm wearing my nobles right now. Max, you got your no bulls on comfy, comfy ass shoes. If you're gonna work out, you've got to try. No Bull Footwear Best shoe is the most comfortable for both in the gym and on the go. With options across training and lifestyle. No bull has options for everyone. I decided I was gonna start taking Blake for runs. Runs for jogs the other day. His elbows are back to full speed. So we're ready to go out for runs in the neighborhood. Went out, strapped on. A pair of nobles. Went out there, great running shoes, feet, knees, legs, hips, all feel great. It was a great run. Lightweight, comfortable, great support. Noble. Not only are they cool looking, but they also are tremendous running shoes. Great cushioning exclusively for, Pardon my Take listeners. No Bull is offering 30% off your order. Visit no bull project.com/pmt. Get 30% off the entire order. That's N-O-B-U-L-L-P-R-J ct.com/pmt for 30% off your entire order.


And now here he is, the voice of college basketball, John Fanta. Okay, we now welcome on one of our favorite guests. The best. He is the best. It is John Fanta. We're talking Final four. We're talking The Crown. We're talking coaches. John, first of all, great to see you second. Let's try to put a positive spin zone on this final four in this, in this tournament because it hasn't been the best. It hasn't been the best. We're, we're being honest with our listeners. I'm excited about this Final four. The four teams remaining are incredible teams. But I think we all expected maybe some more close games this weekend And we only got a couple.


So what, what are we, give us the, the positive outlook going forward. The positive outlook is this. It is the best final four that we have ever seen. These four teams, Auburn with Janai Broom, his return spectacular Duke with Cooper Flagg. John Shire. Does he actually make them likable? There's something about him. They play so hard and now he's trying to show that he is the man you're talking about Florida. Walter Clayton, Mr. Clutch, are you kidding me? And then Houston, the cougars 11 years ago, Kelvin Sampson called his dad John.


And he said, John, dad, I don't know what I'm doing with my life. I think I wanna be an NBA head coach. His dad said Kelvin and his dad was, was on bed rest due to some medical issues. His dad said, Kelvin, I think that you are best in college basketball. I think that that's where you should be. 36 hours later, Kelvin's dad passed away. Kelvin believed it was divine intervention that his, the last words his dad spoke to him were, go and be a college coach. Go for the love of the game. Now Kelvin has put together two runs to the final four in five years.


He's coming up on his 800th career victory as a head coach. And the Houston Cougar showed on Sunday afternoon that they are built tough, tough in every single way. Ken Palm was formed in 1996. Guys, these four teams, duke, Houston, Florida, and Auburn would be in the top 10 all time in the Ken Palm metric system. Get ready for a heavyweight clash. And not between me and Rico. Bosco on the Riverwalk. He's not That fat San Antonio. Get your cowboy hat. Find a margarita. 'cause guys, this is going to electric and you've got four boxers who are entering the ring and all of them believe we're gonna be champs.


Okay. I mean I, that made me feel better. I'm in, yeah, but I've also been saying that after every round. Yeah. I've been like, you know what wasn't the best opening round, but that means we're gonna get great matchups in the round of 32. Oh, we're gonna have an awesome sweet 16. Is this the best Elite eight ever? Oh, it's gonna be such a good final four. Right. But I, but I, I believe it more this time, if I'm being honest, I'm looking at these matchups. 'cause you look at Duke and for the last couple weeks, I think a lot of people have been thinking nobody can beat Duke. They just seem like the best all around team. And you're right, they're fun the way that they play. It's, it doesn't seem like an old Duke team with like a scrappy little point guard that just annoys the shit outta you. They are a very fun team to watch. But I do think that Houston might be able to frustrate 'em.


I think they're so physical and they're so good at rebounding. They might be able to frustrate Duke a little bit. The same way that Duke frustrated Alabama PFT, you're right. And to address the elephant in the room that Cinderella's carriage was not available in this NCA tournament. I don't know if it was at the gas station, I'm not sure what was going on. But that the carriage was nowhere to be found. It's still a pumpkin right now. I am confident in saying, and I'll apologize if I'm wrong, 'cause accountability is everything. I'm confident in saying that that carriage will have the gas tank revved up and you're going to hear all these Cinderella can, that's next year.


You know what they've heard, they will have heard for a straight year that they can't do it. They don't have enough money. There's not enough of that in, in, in, in their wallet. And so that's what it comes down to. It's basketball. Colorado State's a mis shot away from being in the Sweet 16. What happens in the year that Drake and McNeese are in the same pod and both win their first round game? It's the tournament. We've only seen this one other time it could have been easy for like an Ole Miss or a Texas Tech to be among the Final Four. Like let seriously, Texas Tech should be in the final four. Yeah, they totally unraveled the fact that we're getting this. Let's appreciate it.


For what it's worth, as for Houston and Duke, PFT, you're right. Houston plays like a football team. They get up in you from the moment you get off the bus. They are relentless defensively, but they've always been that way. They've always been able to frustrate teams with the level at which they guard. What makes this Houston team different is this is Kelvin's best shot making team that he's had. If it's not LJ Crier, it could be Milo Huan. If it's not Huan, it could be E Emmanuel Sharp. And how about Sharp guys? When their league gets cut to 10 against Tennessee and the vowel fans, were making a lot of noise.


Sharp says not happening. It closes with two daggers back to back in your eye hole. Say goodnight. Yeah, that's, that's the Houston difference this year that I think we haven't seen in the past. It, It is crazy to put into perspective how good this Final four is that Duke looks like the best team. Auburn is the number one seed. Florida has probably been the hottest team the way they went through the SEC championship and then, you know, have, have gone to the final four here and then Houston, which I think most casual people would be like, oh, they're the fourth best team here. Houston has lost one single game in regulation this year, and it was to Auburn who's also in the final four.


That's how good these teams are. It's, it's really, it is historic. I, you know, I i i Are you worried though, like, have you been talking to people in the college basketball community that the NIL and transfer portal is maybe this year is gonna be more than norm going forward? Or is this an anomaly that, hey, look, it just happened that we had four incredible teams and there weren't those crazy upsets in the first round? Well, I, I think that that, because we're in the moment, I'd be lying to, to say that it's, it's not concerning to look at that being said in 2015 and 2016, the only non-high major to make the Sweet 16 was Gonzaga.


And they are a high major under mark view for all intents and purposes. They were even top 10 in chem PO this year, even though they didn't have that great of a year. So you have to look at it from this standpoint. The revenue sharing is going to, which, which provided that it gets passed actually on the day of the national championship game is the, is the next, you know, I'm, I'm not anywhere my, my extent of legal analysis guys goes to like kangaroo court and you know, Shelly Smith on six o'clock Sports Center in like 2004. That, that's the length of my legal expertise. But April 7th is the next time that this whole thing, this is when, when the rev sharing can get put into place in college sports.


So my, my thing is that's gonna, first off, what it's gonna do is we know what sport comes first in this world, and that's football. And all these football schools are gonna wanna spend 16 or $17 million of their, of their money. Of the 20 million, it's roughly 20 million that an athletic department can spend on their athletes. They're gonna wanna put 80% of it up to football because that's the money driving sport. In other words, there's some basketball teams out there who are legitimately concerned about what things are gonna look like now. Like the Big East, this was out there in the news this week. A a conference like that that doesn't have football could have an, an advantage in the here and now. I think everything's fluid. You know, I I and I do think we need some regulation.


I I believe that the sooner that people acknowledge the fact that these kids are professionals, the better off everybody's gonna be. They're professionals. They're not student athletes get outta here with that crap. They're getting paid, that's great. They should get paid. But I think there's gotta be a dotted line at some point, fellas. Yeah. For both sides. Because this transfer portal stuff, I I, I'm all for transferring, but to me, once you do it two, three times, I I, I just don't, I I don't see the value in that other than seeking out, you know, what, what you're gonna look for monetarily.


I don't blame somebody hunting for money. I don't blame them one bit. But there is somebody to be said about if you're playing for money, just like we hold Crow athletes accountable. Like, and there's a line here to straddle, but then you have to do something on your end to earn that money. Yeah. And I hope, I hope that we can reach a middle ground. Do I think the sport is dying? No, I it's not that, that take those takes that were flying around last week, it was the most watched first weekend of the tournament since 1993. This Final four could produce, what if it produces, you know, two out of three incredible games. Right. I think there's gotta be some regulation.


I'm, I don't think that there's, you know, an easy path, but I do think there's a path that we'll get to it. I just think we're in a very fluid state right now, and I think in my heart of hearts that in 2026 when we do see Cinderella rev up with two or three candidates in the second weekend, we're gonna say, you know what? The numbers don't lie. Like again, the bounce of the ball could have led to Florida losing on Saturday night easily. Right. Janai Bruin gets hurt and Michigan State wins. You know, it's, and he never comes back and they unravel. You never know what can happen in a 40 minute basketball game.


I think we'll get to a point in this whole realm of chaos where we see some more balance and some high competition. I just think this is a generational year and I don't think that's merely because of how much a team paid players. Right. Yeah. It comes down to more than that. Yeah. And, and when you look at the last, you know, last season, the year before it was Yukon just steamrolling people. Right, right. So it's not like what we have now is unique and it's different and it's great because we have four great teams. We don't have one great team. I'm just waiting for that next great round to kick in. I don't think that the Final four is gonna disappoint us. And also Yeah, you're right. The numbers bear it out in the, in the ratings. People are watching it, even though a lot of these games are blowouts and not that great at the end, people are still watching.


I think the final four is gonna be great. There's one team just got done playing Auburn. That I do have a question. You're plugged in as anybody, Johnny, so I'm curious what you've heard about Janai Broom. He came back in, he said he was okay and then he proceeded to get some rebounds with one arm. He didn't look like, I mean, he was playing with one arm out there at the end of the game. Have you heard anything about him with the statuses? Yeah. Well what we've heard from post game on and everything that he's done is that down in the jungle, Bruce Pearl's got some of that magic potion and it's somewhere in the trees and wherever that potion is that it's gonna find a, you know, I don't know if it's a needle or a glass of something and Janai Broom's gonna have some of that.


And you're gonna see Janai Broom ball loud in San Antonio. Yeah. Yeah. This, this is, this is a situation where you'd have to amputate the leg and, and or, or the arm for him to not be on the basketball floor. And even then I think we would see him, I believe That This kid is not, will he be at a hundred percent? I don't know. But who is at this stage? The calendar's about to turn to April. I think we're gonna see Janai Broome, I have no doubts if he came, if they with control of the game well in hand of Michigan State, they would've won the game without Broome in the last eight minutes. They, they would've ended up still winning the game. I firmly believe that the fact that he went back in there and that the x-rays were negative, and now you got a close to a week to get ready for this Saturday night game, I think we're gonna see Broom.


And by the way, you just summed it up PFT very well, the last two final fours, UCOM won 12 games by 260 points. Gotta be honest with you guys. And I, I I covered it closely by the end of last year. I appreciate and inhale Yukon's dominance and greatness and what Dan Hurley's built and couldn't agree with your takes on Hurley more. In fact, as people love to hate, I think it's great for the sport and ca us all talking about him and he's unapologetically himself, but by the end of last year it was like, all right, are we gonna get some fresh blood in here? Like this is a little bit like they're just dominating every game. When are we gonna get a great game? Right? What happens if we have an all time national title game?


It's gonna keep us ready for next March. Yep. Yeah. That's facts. That's facts. Alright, so the other thing I wanted to talk about was Kevin Willard officially to Nova, probably the messiest exit. I can remember re you know, in the recent memory for a coach, how, how, when was this done? It feels like this has been done for a couple weeks and it was weird that he was coaching his team. And also, how do you think Kevin Willer is gonna do it Nova, especially with just all these weird vibes and you know, how he's gonna do in the transfer portal being the new head coach at Villanova? Well, for starters here, here's what Villanova has, regardless of who their coach is, an unlimited amount of money that they can spend on their roster.


I mean, we're talking, you know, $8 million if not more, they're gonna be able to dish it out to their players. It's money's not an object of Villanova. It's not, and when you've done what they have done the last decade, albeit J Wright defined a lot of that, no question about J Wright is Villanova in every way. But I think a, a good college basketball coach, whoever, however you, you look at that, whoever that is, is going to be able to get Villanova to the NCA tournament making sweet sixteens. And then you, it depends on the team that you've got from there, depending on, on what happens.


As for Willard, I think things starting to sour at, at Maryland long before even this season. Mm. You know, I think he got through his first year and really wasn't all that comfortable guys. This guy lived in Jersey for 12 years and lived in the metropolitan area For more than that, being at Iona and then Seton Hall. So he was at a place for 12 years, frankly, I and I, I went to Seton Hall, so I was a student when, when Kevin was coaching. So I go way back with him and, and you know what? He's another guy who, whether whether you guys, whether any of us like it or not, whether, and I talked with Scott Vanel all week about this throughout the past week.


He's not gonna pull any punches he laid out there. Th this is my, my opinion, he laid out there the, the things that he felt were bad about, about Maryland. In essence, Maryland puts football ahead of basketball. I mean, that, that's what this comes down to is Maryland has a plan to, to keep their football program, you know, on the ascent to potentially get into a, to potentially, you know, keep creating value for their brand. If we get to more and more of a super conference model in college sports, particularly college football. Well, I think that bugged him, and I have it on, you know, fairly good authority here, that Maryland top tier people and their coaches weren't always communicating.


In fact, we're communicating rarely. So you could look at it two ways, guys. One Willard was ripping on things to see them get fixed. I tend to look at it as, and I I I'm not saying I don't think, I think this should have been handled differently. Yeah. I tend to think of it as he was being critical of all these things to clear a runway for getting out. Now that, that strategy, because they made the Sweet 16, you know, let's face it, who'd they beat to get to the Sweet 16 to Grand Canyon? A down Grand Canyon team and Colorado State who, let's face it, Derrick Queen and Maryland are more talented and they, they should have lost the game credit to them.


They found a way to win. Queen made an epic shot, but they were down 10, they were down 20 to 10 on the gates. They looked disengaged. I don't even, I don't think anybody necessarily planned on them with all that was happening behind the scenes to be there when they started that tournament because the amount of distraction we might've had in our bracket. But I I you got the sense that it wasn't in the cards. Yeah. So it's a rough situation, but I am gonna say this guys, Maryland is gonna to get another coach, whether it's Buzz Williams, I would call Chris Beard. What about Nate Oats? What about Nate Oats? Well, they could call Nate Oats, but if I'm Nate Oats, I'm very happy at Alabama.


Okay. Okay. That, that, that's, that's my opinion. Marilyn's gonna be fine. I think what you've got here is a guy who's spent a long time in the metro area kind of look, he's not for everybody. Like he, I mean obviously the internet community is not happy, but Kevin, Kevin is Kevin. That is His team That, that by the way, what you just said, that means he's an asshole. If you ever have to say someone, someone and just say their name, that means he's an asshole. That's fine. I'll say it. You don't have to say it, but saying like, Kevin's Kevin, he's an asshole. Like When you say Manny being Manny, when he tries to flush down like hand towels into the toilet Ballpark, you run things to say about someone you, it's like, well, yeah, no, he's him counterpoint.


We do say that's just Bobby Hurley being Bobby Hurley. They're Danny. Oh, Dan Bobby, Bobby Hurley's the name that I would look at. I Didn't say Yeah, I didn't say that. I did not, I didn't, I didn't say that. I'm saying Yeah, but we also say Danny Hurley's an asshole. Yeah. So, but that's fine. Oh, checks out. So it's okay. We'll, we'll just, we just editorialize there a little bit. Kevin is Kevin, that's what you said. We just said he's an asshole. Ke Kevin is gonna speak what he thinks. And clearly some people of Maryland pissed him off to the point that he said, I'm done with this. My family liked being in the northeast more anyways, and I'm gonna take the Villanova job because when I was in the Big East, the biggest rival to Jay Wright when Kevin was at Seton Hall was Kevin Seton Hall handed Villanova their last loss in 2016 before Villanova went on to win the national championship game.


Remember the Powell from Trenton clip when Miles Powell hits that three and Gus Johnson goes, woo. That was, that was against Villanova. That was Willard versus Wright. So I think it's the respect factor there. I think it's the big East history that they have. I I think that, you know, like Amid Cronin, like a, like a Hurley who sometimes says it like a Patino who's Cronin and Willard come from the Patino tree. These guys are gonna say what they think, whether, whether you wanna believe it or not, and that that's what this process was. I I will tell you, you know, personal story here. Kevin was at my wedding. Oh. Oh, Wow. Whoops.


Well, we said it, you didn't, Yeah, there you go. I'm glad that we, I'm glad that, you know, I mean, look, I Max loves this. Max is, is is, I'm not saying he is an asshole. I'm certainly not saying he is an asshole. He a great coach. Yeah. But you love him. He's gonna bring Villanova back to where we need to be. What was he complaining about? The facilities? Yeah. What was he doing? Yeah. Was he like, man, I wish I was at a better wedding right now. No, we serve good wine And we serve good alcohol. It was in, it was, it was in Clifton, New Jersey. It was a Jersey wedding where the cocktail hour is endless. I know for a fact that, you know, he enjoyed cocktail hour and, and now he's the coach of Villanova. But like Max, I don't know how you feel, but this is my thing too.


Like, I, I think Maryland fans are awesome. I think Maryland has awesome potential, but like, I don't know Marilyn, like, clearly there was a falling out between the, the powers that be and your coach. And maybe there's something to look at there from the powers that be like, right now you got an interim ad. Okay. You, you're kind of in a state of to that goes beyond just the basketball program. Like know who you wanna be. Yeah, no, that Yeah. You know Who you wanna be. I'm not getting in a swimsuit model edition. Like, oh, who the fuck do you wanna be? Okay. If I'm looking at a, at a Chick-fil-A and a just salad, you know where I'm going?


Come on. This isn't hard. Yeah. Well it's just like a lot of these schools have this dilemma of like, well, we wanna be great at football, but you're never gonna beat Georgia. Right. Or Alabama or Ohio State. Right. The sooner that some people figure that out and think, let's figure it out guys, if Maryland football has their best year and Maryland basketball has their best year, which one's gonna produce National Buzz? Right? Yeah. Yeah, you're right. David, Marilyn Hoops. You're right. So, So I, I'm sorry. I think Max is with me. Yeah, no, he, I I think Max is with me of, I'm not throwing a pity party.


Marilyn, you'll be fine. Kevin did this for him and what his family believes is the best and he has tied to the Big East, and so he went, he went down there. Yeah. I I just think it sucked for the fans and the players because it was like, that should have been an all time, you know, like, hey, they haven't been, they haven't been in the sweet 16 in 10 years, should have been a very fun run. And getting in his second weekend means something in the NCAA tournament. I know it ended poorly, but it was just taken away because Kevin Willard was giving weird press conferences and acting shady. And he could have, he could have been more direct. He could have said to Will Wade like, Hey, I'm the Nova coach and that's just a fact and I'm gonna coach these guys as hard as I can, but I'll be coaching Villanova in a week.


Right. But I would, I would counter and say, I like this debate. Who's the reason why Marilyn was in their first sweet 16 since 2016? Derrick Queen And who recruited him? Probably some guy in on Kevin Willard's staff. A guy with a being honest, A big paper bag with cash. Yeah. If we're being honest, probably not Kevin Willard himself. Yeah, no, I just thought he, I he could have handled it better, but it is what it is. Guys are gonna take jobs like that. Do you like my idea, John, that if a coach leaves in bad form like this, they should mandatory have to play at their old school until they beat him. So Kevin Willard should have to go play an away game at Maryland every single year until he beats Maryland All for it.


Okay, good. All for it. Uniform. I'm, I'm all for that rule. The, the more juice and the regular season, the better. Why not? Let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. And also make guys think twice they'd be like, oh shit, now I gotta go. Like, if I'm leaving one place, I gotta go play this. These guys every single time. And Ed Cooley, going back to Providence was great And we, I just want that more. I want it to be just, Hey, this is, you could, you could get it all, you could do a whole week where it's like, here's where all the guys, you know, Darren Dre going back to West Virginia and, and all these guys have to go play in, in front of a hostile crowd for a week in November. Yeah. Or, or like, I mean, then, then you could go right down the line of like, will Wade has to go play at McNees.


Yeah. Right, right. Or You know, like you could just do, you could go way down the, the deep end of different coaching scenarios and people that have leveled up to certain, you know, Ben McCollum has to go play at Drake. Yeah. And those are waiting for him. I mean, Todd Golden has to fly across the country and play a game at San Francisco. Like, who knows? I Yeah, I'm with you. Yeah. Or you do like a, a protected expansion draft where the school that you go to, you get to protect like three or four guys in the roster and then the other school gets to take one of those guys. Be like, sorry, you gotta go play at Maryland right now. Yeah. I Like it. See, I, this is why you could, you know, this is adding an extra dimension. I mean, we should have never gotten rid of Bracket Busters.


Yeah, yeah. Or Some, some version of of Coach Killers. Yeah. Coach Busters or whatever you want to do. Like let's, let's make it happen in college basketball. I will. If that, if we can make that happen, I'll come to the room and watch all the games with you guys on a given day. I love that. I'll watch 12 hours of hoops and we'll just, we'll just do it At, at the bare minimum, the outgoing coach should have to play like two full days of pickup basketball at the university rec center. Yeah. The one that he is leaving. Yeah. So Kevin Willard should have to show up. Yeah. 5 1 5, you know, get out there for like an hour and a half, two hours. Full court run. Call your own fouls and just let the student body take it out on 'em. Hey.


Or should just get his ass beat once Three on three Seton Hall intramural champion right here. Let's go. Oh, wow. You got hardware? Hell yes. Listen, inside out basketball, stay composed. Stay in the half court. Stay under control. Don't screw it up. Know your role. Set screens set. Like don't, don't, don't set a passive screen. Yeah. Get in there, get in there, get in his ass. I'm happy you've taken a jumper. Rico will not be mad at you about that Driving kick action slip. By the way, John, I had a, I had another question. Are we bringing back officially Child please. 'cause you did do that last week.


Hadn't heard it in a very long time. What, where did that, where did that come from? Where in the recesses of your brain. You're like, now I'm gonna bring back hard knocks with Ochocinco child. Please. I promise you, and this is why I think that we've gotten along now over the past couple of years, none of this is staged. Or like, I don't write, I have no notes in front of me, so We'll just like How Please We're BSing. I I just, I have brought it out. I brought it out when Tony on the boat, on the spaces earlier this year, wanted to talk about Bryant being in the Big East and then started a hashtag with the PCBC. That is the Providence fan base. Hashtag the interview.


And you know, they, they wanted this guy called in and said, I think Brian's auditioning for the Big East. So I, I said, Tony child, please. Wild. Please. That is not happening. I, I like the phrase, I didn't think in that rant that it would come out, but It just popped out. It just, this, this brain doesn't know where it's going half the time. Do you know how much this brain has had to watch? That's just like every Sunday for me. From September to December, for the better part in the last 29 years has been one big child. Please, Child, please.


Oh, I, I'm praying to God that I find a quarterback. Yeah. Praying to God after this, after this tournament that I could tell you right now, the draft night reaction on night one. Get ready. I'm, I'm, I'm, I don't know. I don't know. I I think it's gonna be Abdul Carter, which is fine. Kirk Cousins was seen in the west side of Cleveland Chipotle this past week. I Was gonna ask you about that. That's two inter, two intersecting topics of interest for your old John Fanta, Chipotle, Kirk cousins. What do you think about that? Yeah, that's fascinating. It makes you wonder what his order was. I think Kirk is genuine, like cousins to me is is another guy who's like probably, you know, really, really intense.


Like he definitely is really, really intense and just always here, you know, that's what produced that Washington. You like that in the hallway? I I would be good with that. I mean, at the end of the day, Stefanski, what did he do with Joe Flacco right? In the back half a season, the people were saying that Kirk's arm is dead and he is washed up and he is done. Well, Frank, let, lemme be completely honest with you, what I watched last season was the epitome of washed up to the tune of $230 million. So I trust my coach. How about Miles Garrett on one side. Abdul Carter on the other. That's Nice. And let's play some a FC north football against the last play schedule.


Get the dog pound going and let's, let's get some drives going right now. And Jerry Judy finds some separation. Ten five touchdown cousins to Judy. Well, I like that. I Love it. Yeah, I mean, you're, you're making me buy in. I also wanna give you the opportunity to address Hank, because Hank obviously big Celtics fan. He's been very disrespectful to your Cavaliers. He doesn't think about 'em at all. Very dis He doesn't know a single guy on the roster. He's not worried about the Cavaliers. Not afraid of you guys at all. So convince Hank, tell him to get in line. Hey, Hank, the hell's wrong with you? Like, what, what the hell's wrong with you?


Hank? Get the hell in line right now. You're not. Welcome to Cleveland, Ohio. Just like Joe Kim Noah. So don't even think about coming in our city. I'm gonna tell you right now. Donovan Mitchell is on a mission. Darius Garland has taken that next step. Evan Mobley is a defensive specimen who's evolved offensively as well. Deandre Hunter was the right addition for this basketball team. Jared Allen is Mr. Leader tied. Jerome's supplying some complimentary shop making. The Cleveland calves can make a run at this thing. And I'm telling you right now, if there's an Eastern Conference finals, I will have my wine and gold ready to go and ready to talk.


I ready, I might fly to to damn Chicago, wherever this show is and talk to Hank himself in person after meeting with HR about Rico. But then I'll talk to Hank. I'll talk to Hank, And we will have a candid conversation about why the wine and gold, the Cleveland Cavaliers, that this could be their time. How dare you? Mm. Not know a single player on the team. I know players on the team. I know players on your team. If you got, if there's like a seven, a 10 game series, you get this game seven, you have to come out and stream with Hank. That would be electric. I got a baby doing May, but you got a deal. Okay. All right. All right, all right. Yeah. No, Hank does, Hank just is not bothered by the calves at all. He doesn't think that you guys have any chance. Well, listen, he's got the ring.


Yeah. Listen. Hey, you, if, If we're healthy, we're not losing. That's, it's really, it's just health. I, it's like the calves are a good team, good season. Sure. But Mm, he just patted you on the head, John. Yeah. See I don't like that, that, that to me, that's what I got told a lot of times when trying out for sports teams growing up. Hank, I don't like You guys try, you tried it really hard. He's doing it to You. It's really not an answer that I wanna hear. Like, that's the, that's the, when you got called in, right when you got, when you got called in, when you were trying out for like a, I don't know, you know, a sports team, a role, you're, you're looking for the student council spot and they call you in and they, and they start by saying, listen, I want to commend you.


You know, I wanna, you really, you know what's about to happen. Yep. Hank just gave me the nice pat on the head, head up to bed. 'cause I'm staying up all night because we won a championship and we're gonna win another this year. We are. He did that to you. He just did that to you. It's tough. Hey John, let's talk about The Crown. Who's gonna win The Crown? Also, Kevin Willard should have to coach in The Crown. It's gonna be Mike Nty coaching in The Crown for Villanova. Okay? And, and the Wildcats, they got a shot in this thing they're facing. Colorado is a young team. They can get that. I think Villanova, USC on the right side of the bracket would be fascinating. Must Bus has his team ready to go.


I think. I think USC on the right side, they're gonna come out of this right side of the bracket. I just like the way that they're playing. Desmond Claude is an all out stud who transferred in from Xavier, and I think next year you're gonna see him parlay this into an even bigger season. But The Crown should be fascinating here. Here's what you should love about The Crown. All right? You got quadruple headers on Monday and Tuesday, so you're having basketball withdrawal. You just got through a bunch of the madness, but you want more of it, you need more of it. You want more daytime hoops, the crown's gonna give that to you and you know you're gonna get some absurd results. Expect the unexpected seeds. We don't need them. Show up in hoop.


Boise State, 24 and 10. Tyson Degenhart stud Kid eats nails for breakfast, get ready to learn his name. Leon Rice has done a heck of a job with the Boise State Broncos. They go up against the George Washington revolutionaries. I don't think the country knows how hard that team plays. Fascinating matchup Butler. They got Jamil Telford and Pierre Brooks. They can make run in this thing with Coach Mata. We get Fred Hoiberg versus Bobby Hurley in the opening round in this thing. And if you know anything about Bobby Hurley, it said he's not going to Vegas to show up and get embarrassed. But he is gotta go through Bryce Williams, Jawan Gary and Company Georgetown are the Hoyas taking the next step under Ed Cooley. Because year three is gonna be critical for you in The Crown.


Year two, if you're a first year head coach at a program, you know, like an Eric Musselman at USC, like a Chris Holtman at EP Paul. Or if you're in year two, like a coolee at Georgetown or if you're just trying to bounce back, heading into next season, the 20 25, 26 college hoop season for those in The Crown starts right now. Love That. Love that. Can't wait. I love that. It is. So the games do start at what, nine 9:00 AM Eastern? No, no. Two o'clock, right? Two o'clock central. I'm seeing 12, 12:00 PM Pm 12:00 PM Pacific. 12:00 PM Local time. So that 12:00 PM local time in Vegas, like an NCA tournament set up. Got it. Three Eastern time, Monday and Tuesday on FS one.


You got quarterfinals Wednesday and Thursday. Everybody gets off on Friday and then Saturday. You know what's fun guys? And, and in the world that, that you guys are in to be watching hours of games and, and I know, you know, play place in your, your friendly wager on, on a ball game. You get to wake up and you don't have to wait for the two final four games. 'cause The Crown semis are Saturday at one 30 and four Eastern time and the championship game. So the, so the semis are before the final four. They serve as a lead in. And the championship game is Sunday after the women's championship game in its own window. Sunday evening at five 30. Love that. So it's gonna be fun. And by the end of the week, you know what, somebody in Vegas is going to win the inaugural crown.


I think we're in for buzzer beaters. I think we're in for some heroes. I think we're in for. It could make up for some of the, the tepidness of the early NCA tournament with some, what the heck is happening in this game. I think we're gonna get some of that. I think you're gonna get some fun stories. And you know what? College hoops could use a little bit of a, a different, something different in its postseason format and this event is gonna try and deliver it. You know what, you know what you should do? If, if, if you could talk to the people who start The Crown, if they had it so that the winning team of The Crown gets to pick five players that play in The Crown tournament to be on their team next year.


So they like you're playing for players That would be sick. That would be awesome. Well, there's up to to 500 K. This is the first edition in in prize money on the line. So these kids are gonna be fighting for money to get a cut, you know, of a grand prize. And I don't look, I think that there's an openness to all kinds of ideas. How about if you win The Crown, you get to pick any opponent in the country to host next year. Mm. You know, going along the lines of, of of what we were talking about with the coaches who left, like you should get a, you should get a briefcase. Yeah. Money in the bank style that you get to cash in next year against anybody to secure an NCA tournament bid.


Yeah. I'll offer ideas, man. Like, let, let's have fun. This is, it's more basketball and I don't know about you guys. I'm gonna be watching it. Oh, Here's an idea. If you win The Crown, you get Kevin Willard's agent and he'll find you a more higher paying job while you currently have a job. That's pretty good, right? Oh man, that's Pretty good. Oh, at your wedding? Yeah. Brian, you got an extra wedding dance. That's fine. Oh, I got, I got a question for you about the coaches that are remaining in the NCAA tournament. We got four great coaches, right? Can you power rank them? Mm. Ooh, that's a good question. Wow.


Good question. 'cause you have the mix of veterans and the, and the younger guys. You have two guys that are under the age of 40 and John Scheer and Todd Golden. You've got Kelvin Sampson and you've got Bruce Pearl. I would say today Pearl would be number one. 'cause he is won everywhere. He is gone now. He hasn't won that national title. But do you remember what Auburn was before he got there? And by the same token, do you remember what what Kelvin Sampson has done is one of the more absurd things I think that we've ever seen. Okay, so let's go this stat from 1985 to 2013, that's 41 seasons of basketball.


Houston went oh and four in the NCA tournament. They made four appearances. They didn't win a single game. Single game in 11 years under Kelvin Sampson. Since 2014, Houston is 18 and six in the NCAA tournament. Their 15 wins in the last five are the most in college basketball. Three elite eights, two final fours, six sweet sixteens. In his tenure, he's made Houston a destination. When were you ever thinking about Houston basketball? Even eight years ago. Seven, eight years ago. The answer is no. This has been a decade of excellence. He's had everything that like a J Wright had on a run at Villanova, with the exception of what winning it all.


So they have to be one two shyer for me is, is three with a shot to be won by the end of the week. I think he's a stud Big Cat. I don't know if you want to hear this or not, but I think he's gonna be Mike Zeki 2.0 in terms of the length. Yeah, No, he is gonna coach there forever and he's gonna Win a lot. So coach there for 30 years. Yeah, that's that's what he's, he's just a relentless competitor. He is. Got the Booers coming in next year. It's an embarrassment of riches. And then Todd golden. I feel terrible putting him forth, but I'm only putting him forth 'cause of, of just the fact that like, I I think that that was a magical comeback behind Walter Clayton. He's embraced the hell out of analytics. Him and, and Jonathan Sapphire have done an amazing job.


But he would be, he would round it out at four. Okay. It's a great four. It's a great four. It's four. Unique. Four four. Yeah it is.


Alright, I got one last question for you John. Thank you for doing this. It's always fun to have you on It's Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code. Take my last question is San Antonio, what's our plan to not get chipped to death? 'cause that's the last time the the final four was in San Antonio. I ate so many tortilla chips. I was so, I felt so sick the entire time. Is there a plan?


Well, first and foremost, the amount of tortilla chips you ate. Like we've all been there. So you have to take a step back and probably mix, mix it up. I'm gonna say you need to eat a balanced breakfast to start the day. Okay. Chips. So I I'm guilty. I'm not a breakfast guy. Yeah, that's probably why the subject matter says what it says. I've, I've gone, I'm more lenient towards like the fajitas and just for me, it's not just the salsa where I get in trouble, fellas on the road of Mexican restaurants is when the queso fdo comes out. 'cause that's a one seed in my book. Yeah, It is. I Mean it is a special, special type of appetizer at a Mexican restaurant And that just hits more chips because I go salsa chips and then they bring out like a guac or queso and I'm like, oh, let me just re chip it.


No. You know when you're watching like a college football game and they're just rushing, they're, they're just rushing down the field. Yeah. When we're halfway through the first batch of tortilla chips in San Antonio, this is me on the sidelines calling the next play. Yeah, yeah. Like run it, run it. Come on, let's go get it out here. Yeah. Patrick Mahomes, I'm doing this to the waiter. Yeah. So Yeah, Admit chips. I I lived in Austin for about 10 years. I I, my game plan was similar. Here's how you don't get chipped to death is the first time the waiter comes out. You order the apps and the entrees at the same time and you get, you get the entrees out there asap because otherwise you're gonna be eating chips before the entrees come out. Your ball's deep in salsa and you haven't even seen a, a thing of guacamole yet.


Then they bring the guacamole out, now you're eating chips on that. And then you put in your order and it takes another 10 minutes and then the enchiladas come out. And by that time you want to tap out. You wanna put the order of the Es in right. When they come over the first time to get the drink order and get the appetizer order. Otherwise you're done. But then you better go into the restaurant sober enough to remember that whole plan. Yeah, that's true. That's a point. 'cause San San Antonio, the the Riverwalk is a land of margaritas. Yep. I mean you could just, you could just be taking a slight left turn and you land inside of a bar and you've got the music vibing and you see the house mark. And by the way, if they ask you salted or unsalted next weekend, come on now.


Yeah. Like, come on. That's not even a question. It's, it's assault and it's not even, we're not even thinking about it twice. PFTI like your strategy. I can't say I'm always gonna be practicing it because I can't get enough of some San Antonio tortilla chips And we haven't been back there for a final force since 2018. So let's ride Big Cat. I don't care how many chips we have, it's the final four. It's four one seeds and if we end up doing some damage in the river walk, it is what it's Yes. Love it. Well John, thank you so much. Can't wait to see you there. I think we're doing two live shows and I think you're gonna come stop by for one of them. You'll see. Bosco, you're the best. And let's get ready for a great final four. You guys are the best.


Thanks for having me. Enjoy the madness. Let's ride.


John Fanta was brought to you by our great friends over at Tax Act. Can you believe we're at the end of March and your taxes are due on April 15th. Hank, do you have any tips? Yeah, It's crunch time. If you've waited this long, you've made a mistake. But thankfully the good friends over at Tax Act have the perfect tools to help you get your taxes done on Time. That's right. What's, what's that website? Hank tax act.com. It's a hundred percent credentialed. A hundred percent US based. They know the ins and the outs of the tax laws. You can get the answers that you need starting at 20 bucks. If you need a little help or a lot, they can answer all types of tax related questions. It's crunch time, you want to get it right. Tax Act makes it easy so you can get them over with and be done for the season. Tax act.com.


John Fanta was also brought to you by Reese's. Reese's peanut butter cups are the perfect combo of chocolate and peanut butter. You can buy Reese's cups basically anywhere. Feed your fandom. Reese's cups are the perfect compliment to the chaos of March. A drool worthy combination of chocolate and peanut butter to go wild for. Okay. So I kept track of my Reese's over the last two days. So four college basketball games. You know how many packs of four packs of Reese's I had. How many? 12. Wow. I had 12. Love That. Did some love that for you. Did Some damage out there boys. It was a lot of Reese's. It was awesome. I love Reese's chocolate. I love it too. Peanut butter. It's mouth watering chocolate and peanut butter. Reese's cups are a winning part of the game day experience. Eat Reese's peanut butter cups feed your fandom. Wait, so you Had 12 cups or 48 cups? I had a total of 48 Cups. Love that. That's Awesome. Awesome. Some, some of them, some of them were from like handouts. Yep. Like you take one or you take two had 48 Reese's Cups. Love that. Love that.


Okay, let's wrap up. We got Monday Reading. Can you pull it up Max? Can you zoom? I can't zoom You said that in such a sad way. Yeah, very sad. Alright, so this is, let me just say before we get into this, we don't, we don't condone crimes. It depends on, because one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter. Right? Okay. We don't, we don't condone like crime. We don't, we don't think crimes are funny. We don't condone bad crimes Right. Against good people. But there are parts of rooting for sports where every sports fan knows this. You're like, oh, well the player I root for did something bad.


What do I do? Well, a person on the Maryland message boards has broken it down in a very scientific way and I thought it would be a good Monday Reading because he, he's kind of saying the quiet part out loud. Again, we don't condone this, but it is also a good Monday Reading. So here it is. Head coach crime rankings. Important. Long, good afternoon. All. Since we are actively discussing coaching candidates, I thought it was important to publish the official crime forgiveness graph in discussing our new coaching candidates. It's important to remember that these people represent the University of Maryland and there are off the court factors with these candidates for ex as sports fans, it's part of the job to ignore.


I like this part. It's, it's, as sports fans, it's part of the job to ignore or downplay what happens off the field. Yep. That is, as sports fans, it Is a big part of, of rooting for a team. For sure. We've rooted for murderers, rapists, wife beaters, drunks and criminals. But the true determining factor of who we root for is largely based on their ability relative to the severity of their crimes. This is really like, he's basically just made a graph of how every NFL team operates in terms of whether they should cut someone or not. It's, are you still good? Yeah. So like Justin Tucker, your job is probably in jeopardy. Yeah. So here, here's, here's the example he uses is 'cause it's a Maryland blog. So he used a Ravens example for example. Terrell Suggs assaulted his girlfriend in poured bleach on her in 2009.


However, he had just finished his fourth pro bowl season and was a major component of an outstanding Ravens defense. What did we do as fans? We cheered on our guy t sizzle bal also hard university. Conversely, Ray Rice assaulted his wife on camera after averaging just 3.1 yards per carry in 2013. This was a vicious assault And we no longer wanted to see him on the field. It's basically just mocking how all dumb fans think, and this is the truth. Well also, depending on how good he is, fans develop like more of an understanding of the law. Right? So if he's a superstar, you get balls deep in all the penal codes and you, you become his lawyer and you figure out why on a technicality this actually isn't bad.


Right. And also, and If he sucks, you're, you don't look into it all, you're just like guilty. Right. And you, and also fans will, will oftentimes really heavily rely on civil cases being dropped or criminal charges being dropped and then having it be in civil court and having it being settled. Yes. And she's like, well, never charged. It's got settled. Settled in civil court and never did anything wrong. And there's probably an NDA. Yeah. So that means that he's clear. There's Many No admission of guilt. Yeah, No admission of guilt. So stop saying alleged. Okay. So he has created a graph to, to demonstrate how this works and it has all these guys on a, a graph where their tournament ceiling and what they potentially have done.


So like for instance, Dwayne Simp Simpkins has been eliminated from consideration for the Maryland job due to his non-existent tournament ceiling and his parking tickets from the 1990s. You can't have that. Can't have Tickets. We're looking for integrity with our program. Tony's skin has been eliminated from consideration due to his low tournament ceiling. And the one time I saw him cross the street in Fairfax with no crosswalk present. So this is good. This is where the graph goes. That parking tickets, if you suck as a coach and you have parking tickets, morally you cannot hire this guy. As you see in the graph, Kevin Willard should have been eliminated from consideration due to his 2004 DUI in his Sweet 16 tournament ceiling.


So they probably should never have hired Kevin Willard. Yeah, that's a, in retrospect bad choice. This is like when Lincoln Chaffee ran for president and his scandal was that he used taxpayer funds to purchase frogs for his office. Yeah. And everybody was like, we can't have that guy leading America. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, so this is where things get interesting. Buzz Williams is better than Kevin Willard and would be permitted to have his job after receiving at least 1D UI due to his Elite eight ceiling. So Buzz Williams has an Elite eight ceiling. If he gets a DUI, then he can stay ahead of Kevin Willard, Todd Golden Mike, Mike Gundy has done that thousands of times. Yeah. And he still has a job. Todd Golden is likely a likely alleged sexual predator with a Final four ceiling.


This is a borderline case. His ceiling may be in fact be a champion. So they're gonna find out this is how they're finding out their next, if Todd Golden is can apply for the Maryland job. Yeah. If he wins a championship, then he is allowed to stalk Is what they're saying. Yeah. And then finally this person wrote, NATOs can kill my mother in front of me and he can still have the job He might for for a McDonald's all American. You might, yeah. So too long didn't read, do not make concessions on the moral failings of a coach who is not good enough to excuse their actions. He basically just said the whole thing that every, every fan base is going through right now. Yeah. The the Florida investigation was like, tell us your record again this year. Yeah, Mr. Golden. Okay. And It's the sad part of sports, but it's funny that he put it on a graph.


I've never seen it on a graph before. It is a, it is a good graph and it does check out. This is also where the state of Maryland fan base right now. You gotta laugh sometimes. You just gotta laugh. You Gotta laugh through it. You gotta just be like, Hey, you know what? We gotta find a way to get a coach. Who are they gonna hire? I want Maryland to get a great coach. I want Maryland basketball to be great. Yeah. There it's good for the sport. What were you gonna say Max? Nothing. I was just laughing. I was just reading it and Laughing. Do you not, what do you think about your coach having a 2004 DUII Sweet 16 seal these? He's got No, these guys are biased. My question is, how drunk was he? Yeah. And also, if he hadn't gone to the sweet and 16 this year, would he have been eliminated? Yeah. Was it an elite 0.08?


It was so long ago. 2 0 4 wasn't that long ago. 2004. It's It's over 20 years In college. His DUI could legally drink right now. Yes. That's fact at rocks. That's fact. Yeah. So Maryland's, this is the state of Maryland basketball right now. They're not in the best place. I stand with them though. I do too. I feel bad. Everything sucks for them so bad right now. Like to have this and then to also like the transfer portal's just about to get kicked up into gear and like you can't have this happen. No. Hank, are you gonna get your old Dookie fandom back for a week? They're so good. Dude. They're so tall.


I have a Houston saying that I have a Houston future, so No, they are so tall. But also Mark Sears was just so small. How tall is LJ Crier? I don't know. Let me look it Up. That's gonna make a big difference. Yeah. Mark Sears was so, so small. I also don't think The final four games were gonna be that good, but Oh Wait a shit on everyone. Hank Damn Hank. I'm sorry. Why would, why would you say that? I Don't think the master's gonna be that good. Hank. Yep. Agreed. NBA playoffs are gonna suck. That would just mean that the all's gonna roll. I'm fine with that. That's gonna be cabs, rockets. That would suck. You're gonna hate it.


That one Suck. Yeah, there you go. That's what's gonna happen. Cavs rockets? I don't think so. Okay. Alright. Cavs. Lakers. Lakers and four. Oh. Oh man. What if this is the year? What if this is the year that we get, we get Duke National Championship, Lakers, Lakers, Yankees World Series with the bats, the Cowboys Super Bowl. Well the Cowboys part That, that's not gonna happen. Chief. It would be Chiefs. Did you see there was a fake rumor that the Browns were gonna trade for Dak Prescott? I I didn't. That was very funny. I, you know how I found out about the fake rumor, how I walked into the office yesterday and Jerry asked me, have you heard the news about Dak? I said, what news?


He's gonna be traded to the Browns. I said, where'd you hear that? He's like, internet accounts. And I was like, the aggregators? He's like, yeah, but it's everywhere. Dak Prescott has an ironclad no trade clause. Yeah. He's not going to be traded anywhere. He's not, you're stuck with him. Dallas. That, That was one of those rumors that you just I saw it and I didn't even, I didn't even have to look to see if the account was fake. I was like, I know this is fake. Yeah, not real. There's no way they're gonna do that. It's too far. What if they, what if they got, what do they call Dak, the black Kirk Cousins. What if they got the Black Kirk Cousins and the white Dak Prescott? Oh, that'd be sick on the same team. That'd be Sick. Okay. Could show boys. Should we do numbers?


3, 4, 1 Memes? Where were you on that? I was fixing the camera. I'll go 44, 65 Max. Are you done bringing your dog in every day? Billy? Yeah. If you hate him so much as a pitcher, why'd you name your dog after a max? My dog's name is Billy Noah. Right. My dog's name is Billy Noah. Noah. My dog. I I don't hate You hate Noah. I like seeing your dog here. Your dog is very cute. She's cute. She's just scared. Scared of what? Of Pug I guess right now? Yeah. Does she only not like dudes? What'd you say? She doesn't like all the dudes that I've seen.


She doesn't like most people. Yeah. She actually likes memes though. Pug. Which is pug. That's weird. Pug. Different breeds. Different Breeds. Pug Max talks shit about Seton Hall here without you around. Yeah. It's Not a surprise. Yeah. Willard's Gonna screw him over in three years, So Love that. It's, It's what he does. He he does well and then he'll screw you over and leave. Okay. Say the numbers again. 3 4 44. One. Did I say 65? I think I did 65. Nine. Nine. Put 15. 21, 69.


Speaking of Billy, Billy, nice. 69. Love you guys.