(0s):
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's Pardon My Take, we have Coach Jon Gruden on the show. Awesome, awesome interview with Coach Gruden. We're also gonna do our week eight preview picks. Every single game we're gonna talk about. We're gonna talk a little Thursday Night Football. We got the big game. Bears Commanders, even maybe bigger game Patriots Jets. Yeah. The, the game that could tear this podcast apart. Yeah. We are gonna do Fire Fest the Week And.

(40s):
we are brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Does your favorite NBA player have what it takes to be crowned king of the court? Find out at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner in the NBA. Here's the deal. It is one of the coolest promos I've seen anywhere. DraftKings is offering $1 million a day in bonus bets for the first 10 days of the NBA season. That's $10 million in bonus bets. And here's how to shoot your shot. Opt in and get a daily NBA profit boost token. Pick a pre-game NBA player prop to boost if that player leads the league that night. In points plus rebounds, plus assists. You win a share of 1 million in bonus bets. So you can pick anyone. If that guy wins, you're gonna split it with whoever else picked that person. So like I, I took a long shot tonight. I took Clay Thompson. I know that was crazy. He actually had a really nice game. He scored 22 points. But if he had had the lead in points rebounds in assist night, if he had scored 50, let's say I would've been splitting a million bucks in bonus bets with probably a small pool. 'cause it's Clay Thompson. So Download, the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take, that's code take to win a share of $1 million in bonus bets. If your player is king of the court only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. And here's the other thing, your bet still stands. So if you just say, Hey, I want Clay Thompson over 20 points, you'd win that bet tonight. And then if he went nuclear, you'd have a chance at that $1 million in bonus bets. So again, use code take when you sign up for DraftKings for your share of $1 million in bonus bets. If your player is the king of the court Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One NBA prop bet. Profit boost per customer tokens expire at the start of the final NBA game each day when offered. Use token on PRA stat leader to receive equal share of $1 million in non withdrawal bonus bets that expire in 168 hours. Additional wagering restrictions apply four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/b ball.

(2m 59s):
Okay, let's go.

(3m 2s):
Hey, football guy. A mindset. Yeah, my take. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings Download, the DraftKings Sports Book app and use code Take right now. That's code take to win a share of $1 million in bonus bets. If your player is king of the court, it's one of the coolest promos. DraftKings is ever run the king of the court, opt in, pick a player. If they lead the league in that night in points, rebounds, and assist, you win a share of $1 million in bonus bets with everyone else who bet that player. So go Download. The DraftKings app right now use code take today is fryer October 25th and the Los Angeles Rams could potentially be back.

(3m 60s):
But we also hit on the trend finally. The Vikings playing off a game against the Lions Go against any team that just played the Lions. The Rams win 28 30, sorry. 30 to 20 because we had the most face mask that's ever faced masks to end the game. The most face mask that's ever faced. Masked face Masked. Yeah. It was a ridiculous face mask. And. it was right in front of the ref too. Yeah. And. it was, it was a very bizarre way to end the game. So much so that the guy that grabbed Sam Darnal by the face mask immediately put his hands on his head. Yep. In the, oh fuck. I can't believe I just did that would've dumb boneheaded play move. That is, that's the, that's international sign language for bonehead. Yeah. I'm a bonehead. He Was just waiting for the call to happen. And. it just never happened.

(4m 40s):
It, it never happened. This is why there was a rule in the UFL that there was such a thing as a super challenge. Mm. Which is a cool name. You know what super challenge is? No, it sounds awesome. It is. It's very awesome. You can challenge anything you want and coaches get to do it once a game so you can be like, go look at this. Even if it's not technically quote a reviewable call and ref can go over to a screen, look at it and be like, yeah, that's a fucking face mask. Yeah. Easy call. The super challenge fixes that. Super challenge would've fix this. So yeah. I mean I, I think the Rams probably would've won anyway, but it still sucked just because it was directly in the line of sight of the, of the ref. He was maybe two feet away from a face mask that every single person knew was he literally got tackled by his face mask.

(5m 25s):
Yeah. But now we have the Rams kind of looking frisky at three and four with Puka and Cooper Cup back, which is huge. Yeah. Did the Rams just become buyers? I mean they, the all week we heard that the Rams were maybe shopping Matthew Stafford and Cooper Cup. Now they win this game. They've won two games in a row. They've got guys healthy, they look competent. don don't know. Well, the crazy part leading into this game was there, there were floating rumors out there about Matt Stafford being traded for Sam Donald. Yeah. Which would've been insane if that had happened. I was, as a fan of chaos, I was hoping that that would happen before the game because that we'll never see that again. Yeah. And honestly, I think that the Rams would win that trade.

(6m 7s):
Hey, I, I think the Rams would, no, I don't think the Rams would win that trade. Well it'd be Very funny though, if You almost got me it. You don't think like Sam Dar Sam Durham's good. He's just good now. Matthew Stafford's really good. Matthew Stafford's also pretty old. That's True. And Sam Ham's pretty Young. But the Vikings are trying to win right now. Maybe It would've been, it would've been very don don't know trading Matthew Stafford to a different team and think he's gonna win a Super Bowl. I don't know if that's gonna happen. Well and Also the Vikings have JJ McCarthy see like, hey, we'll have Matthew Stafford for two years. Yeah. JJ McCarthy back him up. It would've been very funny though, to trade Matthew Stafford to another team. He wins a Super Bowl there and then the Rams have a good quarterback that they can build with again. Yes. Again, But.

(6m 47s):
yeah. The Rams don don't know man. They, next week they play at the Seahawks. That will be a massive, massive game because as crazy as the Rams or as bad as the Rams start to the season looked and they had so many injuries. They're three and four right now. And the Cardinals are three and four and the Niners are three and four. And the Seahawks are at the top of the NFC West at four and three. Like don don't know. I, they're my pinky team. I, they're at the Seahawks, dolphins at home and then at the Patriots. They could be all three Of those. That's, that could be two and one that could be three. And Oh, like that's, I don't know, they just look different when you have those two guys out there. Puka was everywhere tonight. I feel like Cooper Cup didn't even really get going.

(7m 28s):
of course he made, we were sitting there watching the game and they were trying to, you know, salt the game away, And it was run, run. And then I, I said out loud and the gambling came. I'm like, this is just gonna be a perfect pass That's ridiculous to Cooper Cup somewhere on the field. And that's exactly what happened. And Right after that pass, don don't know if you saw this, but Matthew Stafford gave him a point. And, it looked to me like Matthew Stafford was saying, that was awesome. I got you buddy. Almost like that's our last one that we're gonna have together. Oh, okay. That's what it, that's What it looked like to That's what, that's what you're reading. The body language. Then it Was like, it was like me and you, we did it again. But why would they sell if they're with a ride, if, if they're, I mean, I guess you gotta see what happens next week with the Seahawks game. But why, why would they They're in it.

(8m 8s):
Yeah. Now they're in it. They're Ti they're tied for second right now. Now in the NFC West, They're definitely in it like they are right in the thick of it. And Yeah. With those three games coming up, they could be six and four. Yeah. And as for the Vikings, the five And also maybe it's good that they got injured early. Yeah. They get healthy. Like the Ravens used to do. You get free agents signed up, you get banged up and then you get all your guys back. And I mean, Stafford is still in Incred. I mean he missed that one throw to Tutu at Atwell. But then he just followed up with a dime to JaMarcus Robinson. He had four touchdowns tonight. He's just, he's still got, it's As good, as good as the Vikings receivers are. I think that the Rams, their receivers are that good in terms of how fun their names are to say, yeah. pka Nku Cooper Cup two two Out Well Got the, even to Marcus Robinsons.

(8m 51s):
'cause Marcus Robinson would be a very like, eh, that's a normal. But he threw on a a d in front. Yep. As for the Vikings five and oh to five and two. Not a panic, but, and especially 'cause they have the Cols and the Jaguars coming up. It feels like those are get right games from and the Titans. Oh wow. They play the Colts Jaguars and Titans Almo, they play the, the best parts of the A FC South To play. That's pretty crazy. Yeah. So that's not, it's not a panic, it's just you played the Lions last week and then you're, you're slotted to lose after that. The only panic is that their tackles hurt. Yeah. So Dare saw went out it, I think it was a knee injury. It didn't look good. No it did not And.

(9m 31s):
it also was in those situations where you don't wanna second guess, but you're on your own five yard line with 30 seconds left in the half. Yeah. Maybe just kneel it out. I know that you, you can never be like, hindsight's 2020 there, obviously. But I think We should completely flip to being hindsight guys. Yeah. Like Todd Bulls is an Idiot that was egregious by Kevin O'Connell's got Neil the ball. Him And Todd Bulls should be banished to the fifth circle of hell. Yeah. We're just always right. Yeah. Like everybody knew he should be out. They should taken it that knee. Me, I never would've done that. No. Also, Justin Jefferson just continues to be the most ridiculous receiver ever. 'cause that catchy me along the sidelines was, I don't, I still You said it exactly what, what we all were thinking.

(10m 12s):
It's like, I wish the Ram, I wish the Rams had challenged it just so we could watch it more. Yeah. Yeah. Sean McVay, come on, do us all a favor. We, we would've been able to see that replay probably four more times on tv. Yeah. In real time. Also credit to the Vikings for getting their asses up to the line. Yeah. Because I feel like McVay would've challenged it. Yeah. But that was the fastest I've ever seen a team get up to line and snap the next ball. Yeah. But that was a ridiculous catch. Jeff Jefferson had a million catches. No matter if you had one guy on him or if you were double teaming him, he just gets open. Yeah. He's just al he is always open. Yeah. And he is always open wearing that sick ass chain that he's got that's probably worth like a million dollars. Yeah. And he brings it on the field. The I, yeah. I mean I think the one thing, yeah, the, the injury obviously the offensive line, but the Vikings couldn't run the ball tonight.

(10m 54s):
That was kind of their like the death of them. Yeah. They just couldn't get a consistent run going. It felt like all night. And they, they kind of need that And. we did find out the answer. The Vikings, I guess we found it out last week too, or no. Yeah. We found it out last week too. But like they gotta play from ahead. Yeah. Yeah. Play for ahead. Alright, anything else before we get into our week? Eight? Picks. And. Preview. I got one. Hank, are you gonna go undefeated as a Celtics? You're thinking that 74 And 8 74 and eight is what you're calling it. Anything from Banner night? Are the Celtics good or did they just play the Wizards? Hmm. I mean, two games too Blow. It's four starters. Having even played in the fourth quarter, Basically anything from banner night?

(11m 35s):
'cause obviously we, we taped early on Tuesday. Banner night was a dream. Was it? So you were asleep? No, it was just, it was, it was, it was a lot of fun. Tears were shed very emotional. You cried. I should, I should a tear. I Love that. Love All the other player. All the other players, you know, I think Tatum and, and all The other guys on the team. Well they were cry. It's like you see other people cry and you're like, damn. That's awesome. Yeah. You're like, damn, I gotta go back to work tomorrow. Yeah. So that's it. Did you get to see Coach? No, I was across, so we didn't really cross paths. Did you lock eyes? No, he didn't. He didn't see me. Shit. Not even Eyes.

(12m 15s):
Not even eyes. W did Dave get a good pop when he was on the jumbotron? Dave did get a good pop. Kai Sinat was there Out there. I I heard different on, on TikTok. Say he boom. They definitely didn't boom. They showed Kai Sinat, who's like a biggest Twitch streamer. And. it was like kind of a a and I guess he's a Knicks fan, but it was like real life versus internet life. Like no one even reacted and they showed day right after and everyone started Cheering. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna say that I don't believe that woman who made one TikTok was like, we booed Dave Portnoy. Yeah. In Boston. It's Boston. Yeah. I Don't think that's, that Happened. They're saying pizza review. Alright, so what was your one other thing? PFTA. There's a new study that came out.

(12m 56s):
I dunno if you saw this on the Athletic Okay. A nutrition study in the NFL. Okay. They did a, a survey to find out which teams ate the most. Uncrustables. Oh yeah, I did see this. 'cause every Team, apparently the NFL goes through at least 80,000 Uncrustables per year. That's incredible. Giving them to teams, which I mean, Uncrustable, it is the perfect snack. We might be up there. Yeah. Our office goes through, we go through like, well, how many are in a box? 20? I think eight. No, we get the big boxes. The big ones. don don't know how many are in that one, but I, I think I still think it's eight. There's, they'll be opened and then like on Fresh Uncrustable Day and they're gone in an hour. Yeah. For We should See all. So what Was the record for a while? I, I ate probably I think two a day for lunch.

(13m 38s):
It's just the perfect snack. It's awesome. What, so what was the record? All right. So they teams eat 80,000 in total per year. And then they broke it down weekly by the teams that eat the most. And the teams that eat the least team that eats the least amount of Uncrustables, new Orleans Saints. Oh wow. That checks out. Yep. Team that eats the most, and by the way, the Saints eat 50 Uncrustables week, so that's like, that's not even one per person. Yeah. That's, that's Lightweight. That's the ramifications being cap hell. Okay. And then the team that eats the most, the Denver Broncos. Okay. They eat 700 Uncrustables a week. And how many weeks is it? The whole season? 700 per week For the whole, for the season or the year?

(14m 19s):
Don don't know. They eat, I think for the season. Okay. You know what I'm Saying? In season, not 52 weeks. But. Yeah. Right. Because I think the facility's probably shut down at times. Yeah. But 700 a week is a lot. And maybe that's why they're playing so Well I'm, I'm asking that because I kind of want to see if we can, we can break the record. I think That we go through I, the only, the only thing that's stopping us is that we just run out of 'em. Yeah's True. Like, if that's true, if I, if I was like, we will never run out of Uncrustables. How many Uncrustables do you think this office would eat a week? I personally would put away, I'd say 20 a week. Okay. I mean there's like, what, 70? I could do 20. Yeah. There's 70 people here. I think we could easily put away like 400, 500 a week.

(14m 60s):
So That would put us in second place in the NFL. That's, that's how much the Denver Broncos love Uncrustables. Second place is the Seahawks and they're down at 320. Alright. So Next week, starting on Monday, I will make sure that we do not run out of Uncrustables at all for the week. And we'll keep track. Yeah. For this office. I'll send out an email. I'll be like, it's my, I I'm, we're doing a study. Eat as many Uncrustables as you want. We will not run out and we'll just see where we land. I, I predict we're gonna be in the like thousand ranges. I no joke. I actually do. It's, it's so Good because I, I go look for 'em and the only reason I don't eat 'em is 'cause they're not there. Yeah. Like, we'll run out all the time.

(15m 40s):
Yeah. But when they're there, do You always eat And I'm in the kitchen. I'm about to order lunch and I see them, I'm like, fuck 'em. Just gonna have two Uncrustables. Alright. So Yeah. Well that's what, that will be my promise to this office Next week, starting Monday, we're gonna, we're gonna do just Uncrustable week where it's like, eat as many as you want. Don't feel bad. Don't force yourself to eat him. Don't take any home. Although they probably take some home. You think so? They probably, They take some in the, on the, in the car ride. You think Bo Nicks is like, put 'em in his backpack? Yeah, For sure. They do love white corners. Do you think that's what the bread is? Do You think? Well, no corners, But the, the It's white. Yeah. Yeah. White Edges. Yeah. Yeah. The, do you think that maybe that's what Sean Peyton fell in love with when Bo Nicks opened up his backpack. That which was full of Uncrustables.

(16m 21s):
You ever seen Pulp Fiction with a briefcase? Yeah. That's Bo Nick's backpack. Yeah. It was just filled with Uncrustables. He probably takes 'em home. Peyton. I I can imagine Peyton is a guy that, like, during football season, he doesn't eat any actual meals. Yeah. He just snacks. He just eats Uncrustables all day. Do you have to refrigerate Uncrustables or we just do that? You probably should. Definitely Have to. And I also, I've already texted our office manager and said we're gonna need all of the Uncrustables. Yeah. I mean, I'll go to Costco. I'll just buy myself. I'll get a, I'll bring the boom, bring the boo. I I think it's gonna be easily a thousand Uncrustables. Oh, I'm excited for Uncrustables. But, but we need to make it clear that like, this is not, don't don't try to gorge yourself. Uncrustables e eat.

(17m 1s):
What? Just if you are hungry and you're like, what am I gonna eat? And there's an Uncrustable there. Eat the Uncrustable. But don't be like, I have to try to break a record. And I actually think you could lose weight eating Uncrustables. I agree. I Agree. Peanut butter's got tons of protein in it. Yep. Bread is the biggest part of the food pyramid, which is really, really healthy and scientific. Do You know what we need to get? 'cause here's the other thing. Grape holding us Down vegetables probably Is, I think part of it is that our refrigerators in the kitchen not big enough. They're not big enough. And they're also like, you gotta, you gotta, you, you have to like look underneath. We need to get an Uncrustable refrigerator that's just sitting on top of the counter. That's just stacked with Uncrustables.

(17m 42s):
Yeah. Or you just get rid of Hank's pinball machine and just make that the uncrustable. Oh yeah. That's not a bad idea. Good Call. I'm looking eye pinball machine. I was hoping that the weather was gonna be a little bit colder next week. 'cause we could just leave 'em outside. Yeah. But no, we'll, we'll no, what we'll do is we'll just take 'em out of the box and we'll just be like, this is the Uncrustable fridge. And. it just has only Uncrustables in it. And just eat as many as you want. We're going for Records. They had a great quote from the, the inventor of the Uncrustable. His name's Len Reman. Okay. He said, we're not recreating the atomic bomb here. We're trying to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Love it. Fucking nailed it. Love it. Like that guy, that guy knows his product. He did it. He did it. Yeah.

(18m 22s):
Alright, let's get to our week eight. Picks. And Preview. And then we have An. incredible interview with Jon Gruden.

(18m 28s):
Okay, before we get to week eight, Picks And Preview football season is here. And. we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime Picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Monday Night Football Giants at Steelers jersey. Jerry will be in the building if you want to go to that game. PFT. I'm looking at $97 to get in right now for Monday night football. That's big a deal for Ross. Acrisure. Acrisure. So that's an amazing deal on Gametime. You hit the Gametime picks deal for great seats. Just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? If you want to try to sit near Jersey, Jerry think he's gonna sit in the end zone row one don don't know which end zone. I'm looking at like 150 bucks for end zone seats right now. Oh and super deal. We got a super deal Nice on Gametime. 203 bucks for club seating. Oh, Okay. So Gametime has all those deals. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? Gametime.

(19m 46s):
We're also brought to you by ourselves at Pardon. my Cheesesteak, it's football season. It's cheese steak season. Football's back in full gear. Pardon my Cheesesteak brings you awesome cheese steaks loaded, fries delivered right to your doorstep. And we'll be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. Take your pick of delicious cheese steaks made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone mouth water and cheese sauce and caramelized onions. On a toasted hogie roll, we have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken, cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, and many, many more. You can order the Big Cat combo and get your cheese steak of choice fries and a drink. Find Pardon my Cheesesteak near you. And order yours now at Pardon my Cheesesteak dot com. Use code A WL for free delivery.

(20m 28s):
Okay boys. Week eight. No buys. No buys at all. I That's a weird time to not have buys. I remember distinctly over the course of my many years playing fancy football that I would always draft players like everyone would have a buy in week eight. Yeah. Everyone. Why do you not have a buy in week eight this year? I don't know. It, it kind of pisses me off. Not that I'm upset about more football, but the amount of games I, I'm mad because they did the two Monday night games last week. Yeah. This would be the perfect week to do two Monday night games. Agreed. You now have given us, I think it's, what's the split this week? Is it eight and five? I'm not sure what the split is, but I think it's eight and Five. We don't have international games either.

(21m 8s):
Right. So I think it's, I think it's eight early five late, which it's gonna be a chaotic day. It's, you're gonna have to, you're gonna have to lock in. You're gonna have to make sure you get some sleep on Saturday night. Eight and five is a lot. But we got some great games. And, we're gonna get through our week eight. Picks. And. Preview. Let's start with the Philadelphia Eagles going to the Cincinnati Bengals. We mentioned this on Monday's show, but it's a very weird scheduling quirk that both these teams played the Browns and the Giants as their last two opponents. Yeah. And the Eagles are now going to Cincinnati. The Bengals, I believe are still in must win territory.

(21m 49s):
They're, they have to win everything They're in. Must win season. Must win season. Fun. Weird. Sta by the Eagles. The Eagles have not scored a single point in the first quarter this season. Yeah. They don't get off to good starts. I got, I got a fun fact. Maybe the fun fact of the week for this game. Okay. Two outta the last four times these two teams have played each other. They've tied, tied The Z of a McNab tie. Yeah. It's one That's one of them where he didn't know that the game could end in a tie. This is big tie energy this week. Yeah, I would agree with that. What's, What are the odds if you bet a tie Usually pretty high. Yeah. 10 to one might have to sprinkle 15 to one. Yeah. But this one, this one should probably be like two to one. Yeah. On DraftKings. 'cause it's got big tie energy. They also, Cincinnati hasn't won at home this year.

(22m 31s):
That's crazy. Yeah. We also have Joe Burrow. We talk about Lamar Jackson versus the NFC. Joe Burrow Sneaky putting together a nice resume against the NFC. So in his last 11 games against the NFC, he's 10 and one straight up. Pretty nice. That's pretty good. Yeah. He's 10 in one straight up in his last 11 games. Versus the NFC. I have a question for you, max. First, let's Vibe check. Must win three-Way Money Line is is a draws, that's a tie, right? Yeah. Yeah. 60 to one 60. 60 to one Plus 6,000. Oh wait. Yeah. Yeah. Plus six. Yeah. 60 to one. Yeah. Okay. That's a good, I was way off. Yeah, that's, that's the best value on the board.

(23m 12s):
I think Halftime tie is usually 10 to one. Oh, That's what it is. Okay. That's what I was about. And overtime is a different one too, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's what I was thinking about. Max General Vibe Check. You know, we beat the Giants, so I'm a little bit, I'm a little bit more excited than I was the week before, but it's still the Giants. If we win this one though, I'm all the way back. Okay. If, if we win this one, I'm thinking soupy And you got Oh, we're, we're back in Soupy here. I love that. Hank, why are you Laughing? But if we lose this, max did you hear that? Hank just laughed at you when you said, but, but I, I know he doesn't think that. No, Hank the Eagles are a good team. Why are you laughing at me? 'cause He doesn't think that. Yeah. He doesn't think that he's just trying to, he's he's he's trying to boast himself up.

(23m 52s):
Like I That was fake. That was, that was fake as fuck. Yeah. Yeah. No, that was fake. You're not thinking soupy. No. I I, I still have my doubts with this team. Last week they looked really good. If they looked really good again this week, I could see myself getting excited. But right now I'm still not like excited for this team. Which is kind of like, they're foreign two coming off a big win. They beat, they've beaten, they've beat they beat the Packers who everyone says is Super Bowl contender. I should be more optimistic, but I'm not. And I don't, and I kind of feel like that's the way that most of Philadelphia feels about this team. And if they lose to the Bengals, it's right back to fire.

(24m 33s):
Siri. I think in the Philly fans, if they beat the Bengals, I think most fans will be like, alright, maybe the Siri guys figuring it out. Yeah. Maybe this is actually gonna work out this week or This season. Yeah. I mean that's just kind of how it, it it, it, it's a week to week league. Week to week league your game to game status in terms of confidence in the Eagles. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well you've won back to back games, which is good. That's the first step against the Brown, The Giants. It's been a long time since you Guys have Same with the Bengals. Yeah. So I mean, it could be worse. It could be the Cardinals and, well, I guess we'll get to them later. And. It's, you know, how long it's been now since the Cardinals have won back-to-back games forever. It's now three years. Damn. Yeah, it's been three years. Yeah. So as long as we think that it is for the Eagles, it was November.

(25m 14s):
And if that feels like an eternity. Yeah. No, it's not good. But It could be good. But It could be good. Could could be good. Good Be it could be good. Yeah. So could be bad. It's good. But it could be good. Could be And it could be really bad. Yeah. Yeah. That's high level analysis. I have a question for you, max. I saw an insane stat on X from Brendan deg. He said Lane Johnson's only offensive tackle in the league with a minimum of a hundred pass blocking snaps to allow less than five pressures this season. So all of all the offensive tackles who've who've had a hundred pass blocking snaps, he's the only one to allow less than five pressures this season. He's only allowed one single pressure.

(25m 56s):
And. it got me thinking, is Lane Johnson on the Mount Rushmore of Eagles? For sure. 'cause you won a Super Bowl. So who's on the Mount Rushmore of Eagles? Westbrook? No, we had this discussion yesterday. Reggie White. Reggie White for sure. Kelsey. Brian Dawkins. Yeah. TO Not to McNabb. Freddy Mitchell. M McNabb maybe. But Lane Johnson deserves more credit for being Yeah. Lane maybe the best Right. Tackle of all time. He's the best Right. Tackle in football right now. What? Kelsey? Kelsey. Kelsey. Maybe if I had to pick, I would say Reggie White, Brian Dawkins, Linton Johnson.

(26m 36s):
Jason Kelsey. Okay. If I, if I were able to pick my, my guys that Is that, would that be the only franchise that wouldn't have a single quarterback on there? Yeah. I mean there's prob I probably would put Nick Foles ahead of Donovan McNabb. You look like that little that little me baby. Yeah. You don't think, you don't think s there Sid? No. Okay. I mean it would, it it would be like BCUs. Yeah. Walter Peyton Lacer. Dicka Dicka. I mean Gale Sayers. There's no, there's no no, no Quarterbacks. We've had some decent quarterbacks, but I just like the the other guy. Those other guys are just legends.

(27m 16s):
Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I was just thinking about it like, that stat is insane, that there's been no offensive tackle in the league that has allowed less than five pressures and he's only allowed one. He has just been so consistently incredible at his job for such a long time now that I think it's because he plays right tackle and not left tackle that people don't give him credit. But he is, I mean, he's a hall of famer and he is just, it's, it's crazy. Like the job of an offensive lineman. If you're a peak great offensive lineman, the job is that you just never talk about them. But we should talk more about Lane Johnson because he's so great and He's so instrumental in determining whether or not you guys win.

(27m 56s):
Yeah. That's the thing about it. Like his, his win-loss record is incredible. Yeah. I mean he's, Jason Kel was great. Jason Kel would probably tell you De Lane Johnson was more important than Jason Kelsey. I think he has said that before. Yeah. Right. Like, so that, that tells you everything. He's, he's incredible. Are you, who are you more nervous about? Jamar, chase t Higgins or Yoshi? I, I think Jamar Chase. Okay. It could have been Yoshi, could Have been Yoshi. I like Yoshi Yoshi's a beast. If Yoshi's name wasn't Yoshi, would, would, would we be having this? Probably not. Yeah. I'll be honest. Well, He is. He was born in Japan. That's kind of cool. The thing Is, we, we probably wouldn't be having this conversation, but we should be having this conversation if his name wasn't Yoshi.

(28m 38s):
Yeah. Here's the thing, Because he is playing really well And you will know, like he's had a couple games, he has Yoshi games where he just has two touchdowns. You're like, God damnit, I I I can deal with Jamar Chase beating me, but Yoshi beating me. Yeah. No. The Eagles are gonna have to score a lot of points in this game, I think, And probably hold them to less points. Yeah. But I think they're also gonna score a lot of points. So if we are able to figure out a way that we can score more points than them, then I think that we're in a pretty good spot. So Just limiting how many points they do score and Maximizing it as much as we can. Yeah. How do you plan on doing that? Wanting It more? Yep. AJ Brown. I guess just when in doubt, just throw a deep ball to AJ Brown and just pound the rock with Saquon.

(29m 21s):
Okay. Last question for you. How much does Joel and Bead being investigated affect the Eagles? This, that means nothing. What Do you mean? That's just, it's an investigation. The Sixers are being, you, you said this to me. The Sixers are being investigated. Joan Beads being investigated. The Sixers. Is he on the Sixers? The Sixers management is being investigated. Okay. About Joelle Beach. About Joelle Beach. He's gonna have to be deposed because The, they are trying to stop load management in the NBA and the and the Sixers are just saying, fuck it, we'll pay the fine. We're still gonna do load management. I I love that. The first game of the season for you guys.

(30m 1s):
It's like investigation. Joelle and Bead is missing a game. There must be something weird going on the Nba. Joel. The is Obsessed with the Sixers. 'cause Joelle's. Last question. Miss Games. Where is your heart? Where's my heart? Where's Your the Sixers heart. Where's the Sixers heart? Is it in, is it in New Jersey? Is it Philadelphia? I'm, I'm confused by I say, is their heart in the games? That what? Asking How would you like me To answer this question? Like, they just want to pay the fines. How about you just have some heart and play the games? Mm, it's True. We're trying to be healthy for the post, for the postseason. No. Hard. What about, what about the kids though, max? What about, what about the kids that that spent their hard earned allowance money to go see their favorite player Joel and Bead play on opening night? They gave What about just gave Resting during the off season? Like most professionals, They wanted to represent his country, Wanted To represent country in France.

(30m 48s):
He wanted to represent his country of the US of a, I just think it's interesting. Hey, Case America. That's fine. It's, I mean, that was two weeks. It's a long off season. They did. They make the play. They they had a long off season. Will they lose the first round? Uss of a baby? I'd like to say something that's gonna probably end up on the bon list, but I just wanna say it because it's ended up in my algorithm. Which X hat tip to x X.com. The everything. It's fucking crazy. I'm curious how we're, we're, we're going to a bonk from Here. Well, happening on that. Well, because I thought a load management and then there's this woman. I see. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So it's not me that it's just horny. Everyone's gotten in their algorithm. There's this woman who everyone's trying to shame online because she like basically did a video where's like, Hey, remember me, I'm the one who just did a video where I had like 23 dudes run train on me.

(31m 38s):
I'm actually gonna up it and I'm gonna do a hundred. So if you want to run, train on me. I'm doing a hundred guys in a day. And I just wanted to say hat tip to that woman for, for, you know, raising the bar. I've not seen this. You Guys have seen it. How many, how many replies? A British Woman. Yeah. She's just like, Hey guys, I, it's me. The 23, whatever it was, however many. She's like, if you want to be part of the next, the next one. I'm doing a hundred dudes in a day. Do you remember that? And? it just like reach for the, reach for the stars. Remember she Took down like 40, 40 students, the 40 young men. And now I'm gonna take down the dads. Yeah. You Remember that one woman during the World Cup a few years ago that said like, she'll suck off everybody that replies to this tweet if like England wins the World Cup.

(32m 20s):
Yeah. Okay. So I'm, I'm seeing her right now. I went viral for letting 23 guys run a train on me. Next feet. A hundred men in a row. Yeah. And everyone's shaming her. It's like, what? We can't just be ambitious anymore. Are we just stopping ambition in this world? Sad. Yeah. Find it. Find it. Max. Oh, the first reply. Tiffany Gomas. Oh, what'd she Say? She said what in the entire, and I can't emphasize this enough. Fuck. And then a gross face. Come on. She's, Let's not slut shame here. No, She's just, she's up in the game. She it. I'll tell you what, if Joel M beat had half the heart of this woman, he'd be a champion. That's a fact. Fact Is a Fact. This is a great Eagles Bengals preview Right now.

(33m 1s):
That's just a facts. Let's talk about this girl who's getting fucked And how it did it relates to Joel Beat. Yes. And which which then relates to the Eagles, Correct? Oh, it is. Yeah. It's literally load management. Load management. Where she putting all this sperm. That's What I said. Yeah. That's why it popped in my head. But either way I just, I Yeah. Maybe have, maybe Joel Bead needs to take a page outta this woman's book and just think about, Hey, I'm gonna keep pushing the limit. Even for Joel Bead complaints about playing back to backs, he play plays about going mile high. Yeah, go ahead. Play the video. It's, it's, it's, it's g the vi the explanation is pg. I went viral for letting 23 guys run a train on me with my friend Bonnie.

(33m 44s):
I didn't expect her to look like this. Honestly. I'm, if you wanna to check that out, you know where to go. But if you wanna be a part of the next one, I'm actually doing a hundred guys in one day. So head on over to my Twitter to find out how to apply. Putting your hard hat on going to work. I I appreciate that. That's a, that's a woman that's making a hundred guys days better. Good. Also show on beat. Take notes Bro. When you say going viral for having 20 guys, fuck me. That's, that's I instantly just think STD Yeah. I don't don don't know if I, I don't know if I thought STDI just was like, whoa. That's a lot. The Viral part I think you just assume. Yeah. Yeah. The viral part is what did it for Me. Yeah. Okay. So that was Bengals, Eagles, let's do Ravens Browns.

(34m 28s):
We have 16 games to get through. So, or 15 games to get. Speaking of low management, Deshaun Watson's not playing this weekend. Sean Watson's not playing. Jamis is in. I'm so excited. This is a PSA to everyone out there. You do not know how many Jamus starts we'll get for the rest of our lives. So you embrace the ones that we do have. Yeah, I am. Listen, the vibes couldn't be better. Just, I I have no idea. I'm just speaking on knowing Jamis and not knowing Deshaun Watson, thankfully. But that locker room has to be so pumped to feel like they have a chance. 'cause Jamis is gonna take a chance. Yeah. And also just, you mentioned the vibes like Deshaun Watson, all time bad vibes this year.

(35m 9s):
All time just, he never smiled. They never had any fun on the field with Jamis. You're gonna be having fun. It's gonna be crazy. You don't know what to expect. don don't know what it's like to root for a team where Jamis is the quarterback of that team, but I think that he is the best player in the, in the NFL to be playing for a different team that you don't root for because he makes any game that much more exciting. Yes. And I, I had a thought about Jimmy Haslam earlier. I he is like probably the worst owner in the NFL, right? Yeah. It's like him and, and Tepper fighting for the Crown. Is there any chance that the NFL steps in and makes Jimmy Haslam sell the team? He should sell that team. Mm he should sell the franchise. And I'm not saying that because of like Deshaun Watson and all his legal investigations and all that, that sucked.

(35m 52s):
But we know that the NFL will turn a blind eye to pretty much anything that a player does. And it won't like punish an owner for employing a shitty like human being. Yeah. Right. That's pretty common in the NFL. The one thing that owners do not like is when you fuck with their money. Right. And Jimmy Haslam giving Deshaun that guaranteed contract pissed everybody off. Yes. In the NFL, like Dan Snyder was a, a world-class scumbag. They didn't do shit about it until they thought he was withholding money from them. And then they're like, oh, now all of a sudden we care about all this other stuff off the field. I think that there's a, there's a chance, I'm not saying it's a high chance, but there is a chance that the other owners turn on Haslam because of what he did with the contract.

(36m 32s):
Yeah. And set that precedent. And I hope for Cleveland fans that they get to experience that I he should sell the team as just a fan of the sport. Yeah. He's fucked everything up in that town. So I'm rooting for the owners to like turn on him and, and to kick him out and to get somebody else in there that will actually take care of Franchise. It's tough though. Think about how hard it was to get Dan Snyder out. Yeah, but it's when you fuck with their money, that's when they start caring. I know, but they just, rich guys just like other rich guys. And if he has friends that are other rich guys, I don't know. I mean, I agree with you, but I just, it's harder than, but you know what we could do the, have you guys seen this as the, the new, remember it used to be the Bucks won the NFC North slash Central more recently than the Lions until the Lions Wait.

(37m 19s):
Did the Lions win it last year? Yeah, the Lions won it last year. Yeah. That was always This, the meme, the Browns, I I think it's the Jaguars, the Titans and the Oilers have all won it more recently than the Browns The Oilers, the A FC north slash central. 'cause it was the central and then the north. Yeah, It's bad. It's been, it's real. So Start memeing that. Yeah. Just start Memeing that all the time. Put Some, put some pressure on this Haslam guy. Get him out there. Yeah. We gotta put some pressure on the good of The league. And, we've got Ken Dorsey taking over play calling this week. Ken Dorsey. I guess he just vibes better with Jamis. Yeah, I think, I think Browns could be live in this game. I mean the, the Ravens are a wagon. The Ravens have, have looked really unstoppable. Their offense at least their defense still not the best.

(38m 2s):
And Marlon Humphrey I think is out for at least a, a couple weeks. But. yeah. I I think the, I think the ra the Browns are gonna get like, it's almost like a one interim head coach bump. Yeah. They're gonna get a quarterback bump here. By the way, I have a couple stats for you. First one is Derrick Henry ranks this season. He's first in rushing, first in rushing yards. First in rush tds first in yards per rush. First in rush first downs. First in the longest rush. First in scrimmage yards. First in scrimmage tds Still very, very good. That's pretty crazy. Yeah, he's first in everything. Also, Mark Andrews scoring two touchdowns on Monday night became the all time leader in reception touchdowns for the Ravens.

(38m 46s):
Which I was like, damn, that's kind of sad that a tight end with 43 touchdown receptions is the all time receiver in like franchise history. And then kind of similar to the quarterback conversation we just had with the Bears. I was like, let me look this up And. it was, it was very sad. It's very bad that The receiver and the Giants too. The Giants of Monte Tomer. So who did, who did he pass? Did he pass Todd to Smith? Yeah. Yeah. No, Todd Heap. Yeah. He would be the, the next guy up. If you look at what the Ravens have done with their wide receivers for the last like 15 years, they've just been committed to not ever having a good wide receiver. Yeah. Trey Flowers, he's, he is very good. He Is very good. Zay Flowers. Oh sorry. Zay flowers. Yeah. Yeah. The, and then the last that I had, this is a reminder who's gonna be in charge of reminders?

(39m 26s):
Now I have The reminder in the, oh no, nevermind. I will, What was that? I had the reminder in today for the hammer, the Ramps. Oh, okay. Okay. Good. Are we hammering the ramps? So you're the reminder guy. Are you the reminder guy? I will be. Okay. So it sounds like you're the reminder guy. Lamar Jackson in eight career games on Monday night. Football is 22 touchdowns, zero interceptions, 1700 passing yards. 681 rushing yards, 22 touchdowns, zero interceptions. They play Monday night Football November 25th at the Chargers. Reminder The Harbaugh Bowl. Just Take all the overs for Lamar. Everything. That's a pretty insane step.

(40m 7s):
Yeah. 22 touchdowns, zero interceptions on Monday night Football. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm just excited about Jameis. I'm so pumped, so Pumped for Jameis since 2013. This will be the 64th game played by a backup quarterback for the Browns. The most of the NFL over that span by over 15 games. That's crazy. Insane. Most poor fans but insane. I feel like, I feel like Browns fans are gonna be excited again. Yeah. Right. Like this is for at least a game. Yeah. For at least a game. You're gonna go, you're gonna get drunk and be happy before the game as opposed to just getting drunk and feeling like you're walking on the green mile to your execution. Going to the stadium. Yeah. Is Miles Garrett gonna get traded? Don don't know. don don't know. I feel like Garrett and Crosby are the two names last night. They probably should. Last night we, I went to the out of order show 'cause I was MCing it and a guy sitting next to me just was like, Hey, Big Cat, have you heard anything about Miles Garrett to the Packers?

(40m 57s):
And my heart dropped for a second. That'd be tough. Yeah. I it'd be also very mean to trade him this close to Halloween. 'cause he's probably got his lawn set up with everything and he's gone all out. He's gonna have to take those decorations down. Is It, is it the trade deadline I think is next week though. Yeah, I think it might be on Halloween or it might be the day before. I I thought it was, I thought it was on election day. Oh Is it? Yeah. I think Trade deadline might be on Election. And. it felt trade deadline. Oh yeah, you're right. November 5th, 4:00 PM Eastern. Okay. So yeah, trade 'em after Halloween. Oh, in the past. It was October 31st. Yeah. Last thing about the Ravens. As good as they've been and they've been incredible. Keaton Mitchell just started returning to practice.

(41m 39s):
Remember him? Yeah. So that adds another weapon for that offense that has just been rolling over people. Yeah. Marlon Humphrey. He had, didn't he have two picks? He had two picks Then hurt himself. I I Thought that Marlon Humphrey like in every off season, I assume that he's retired just because of his Twitter account. Yeah. He tweets like, or excuse me, x.com. He xes like a retired guy. Yes. He's like promoting Ethereum and like all this weird shit. He's out of pocket on, on Twitter and I, I absolutely love the guy, but he's the guy that psychs me out and I'm like, wait, did he retire or not? Yeah. What, what do you got Hank? You had something? Oh, what'd you have Max? Did you lean in? Okay, I read that wrong. All right. Titans at Lions.

(42m 20s):
I'm gonna fucking do it again. I'm gonna bet the Titans You're addicted. I didn't last week. I didn't last week. So You, did you think that they got better by getting rid of Hopkins? No, I saw a stat. Well, no, I think it's just neutral. Yeah. I think Deandre Hopkins is gonna be good for the Chiefs, but he was just, it was just neutral. It it is. That's like the classic Titan move too, isn't it? Like they love old wide receivers. Yeah. They love old wide receivers that were very, very good for other teams. So if you look at their history, they've signed at the end of their careers, Andre Johnson, Randy Moss, Julio Jones, Calvin Ridley, Deandre Hopkins. Decker was TO Don. Don't think he played for the Titans, but it, but it fits that vibe.

(43m 1s):
Right. To definitely played for the Titans in my brain they, Decker Moss played for the Titans. I said Ray, yeah. Loss. Yeah. Eric Molds. Yeah. They love getting old wide receivers that don't do shit for 'em. They, they never, never learned their lesson. I, you know what, let me be the first report. Amari Cooper will play for the Titans at some point at the end of his Career. Yeah. Yeah. But that's like 10 years from now. Yeah. He's still sneaky. Kind of young. Yeah. I don't this. All right, so here's the case. And I don't know if I'm actually gonna do it, but here's just at least the case. The Lions for the first time in franchise history are now the odds on favorites to win the NFC. The Lions are also, this is the first time that they are a double digit favorite under Dan Campbell.

(43m 43s):
They just came off a very emotional two weeks where they killed the Cowboys, beat the Vikings in a back and forth shootout. They're now number one in the, you know, NFC North. They can beat the Titans with their hand behind the back. I'm not saying that the lines are gonna lose this game. I'm just saying 11 and a half is a lot of points. 'cause they pay those guys too. Titans run defense is pretty good. And that's kind of where I, and then I just fall off a cliff. 'cause then if you ask me like, name one of the nice thing about the Titans, I'm like, can't I can name one Adam. Adam Shefter is very close with their general manager because he's starting to just gas up their transactions. Yeah. Online. So he, he's given credit to them for, I guess they've traded a linebacker and some draft picks and ended up with more draft picks and a better linebacker.

(44m 26s):
Okay. So he, he's like, look, between the read between the lines, this is how you build a team right now. They're building the team the right way. So I guess they're, they might have started tanking. This might be if you're a Titans fan. Oh, They definitely have. I think Brian Callahan said, we're our roster's gonna be picked over. Yeah. So they're, they're gonna build for the future. I, I do agree with you that it is a lot of points. It's just A let down spot of let down spots. And again, I think the lines will win the game. I just don't know, like if they start a little slow, who knows? 11 and a half points. I, this is stupid. I'm I I I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna hate myself for doing it because the lines are gonna be up 14, nothing And. it will just be like, okay, now that's over. It feels like Tim Patrick season, right? Yeah. Tim Patrick Allen Robinson.

(45m 6s):
Yeah. So Jameson Williams suspended, but also was at practice. Yeah. They're, they're letting the rope down for him is what Dan Campbell said. He Is gotta pull back up. Yeah. He lost, he lost grip of the rope. He had worked his way back up. But we're gonna wait here and that rope's gonna be waiting for him. Yeah. So I don't know if he's playing or not because I think then there was, there was an idea that he was appealing. I don't think that he was appealing. I I think he's gonna, but he Was at Practice. I don't, I think he's gonna start his suspension this week. I think although you, you made a good point that if he really wants to return fast Yeah. The two games would be the ones, yeah. Thursday night For violating. Is he, is there anything about an appeal Max there?

(45m 46s):
Okay. So they're prepared to not have 'em. I just, it feels like there was, it feels like the suspension was announced and then it was by ESPN, but then the NFL didn't announce it. And, it was just, the whole thing was kind of weird. I think he's going to, he's gonna sit out this week. All right. I'm Assuming he is gonna be out. All right. Next up. Cardinals. Dolphins. Tua is back. We think Tyreek Hill said that it, he wanted to cry. He said he looked great, felt like old times. Me and him connected on a few deep shots today, and that kind of got me feeling good today. I missed that. I missed him. I told him I gotta take him and his wife to dinner because I missed him so much. Shit was so beautiful. That shit almost made me cry today. Like, just having him in the lineup, having him call the plays, having him direct the offense, like just hearing his voice again, we'll say.

(46m 32s):
It seems like a really nice guy. But that's a Tim Boyle effect. Well, yeah. He make Tim Boyle's making grown men cry. Yeah. It feels like it's back to having like a semblance of an actual offense right now. Yeah. Which I, I'm, I'm happy for Dolphins fans that you get to watch maybe more entertaining game. It's gonna feel weird seeing two out there though. Every, every time he gets sacked, I'm gonna be like, oh, every time he tucks and runs with the ball, I'm gonna be like, oh, be careful too. Be careful too. Yeah. And it's because we've seen all of his concussions have come and like standalone games. Yeah. So He should be good. Knock on wood for this Game. Yeah. Because it's all eyes aren't on him right Now. No, no. I I I like the Dolphins in this game. I think short week for the Cardinals cross country. You mentioned it.

(47m 12s):
Cardinals haven't won back to back games. So They haven't won two weeks in a row in three years. They did win technically back to back games in like, November of that season. But it was, there was a bi-week in between. Oh, that's a cow. So like two weeks in a row. Yeah, it's been November 24th, 2021. That's crazy. So Dolphins would be, if we're going on history here, that would be a smart pick also. Did you, did you notice on Monday Night Football, they had Kyler run the tush push twice in a row. Is he the worst quarterback to do a tush push with? Mm. Because their, their play caller was defending that. He's like, we like that play. We're gonna keep running it. It didn't work either time. Yeah. He probably is. Unless you did Bryce Young.

(47m 52s):
Yeah. Bryce Young. Unless you, Bryce Young would just get, I think, I think he would, there's a chance if he did the tush push, they would, the refs would come and do the pile and he'd just be dust underneath. He, He just crumples into his shoes. Like when an anvil drops on a cartoon character, he's in the ground and then he starts standing up and makes the accordion sound. Yeah. Yeah. They could have Marvin Harrison Jr. Just pick up Kyler and throw him over the line of scrimmage. That'd be sick. That would be the better play to run. Yeah. I like the Dolphins in this game though. My friends at Sports Info Solutions, they have the Dolphins as the second best in terms of pass blocking. The Cardinals are, are 25th in terms of D-line and they got injuries. So I think the Dolphins gonna be back. I think this is the week we're gonna be like dolphins back.

(48m 34s):
So you remember when they scored 70 points against the Broncos? Yes. Last year? Yes. Okay. So the Dolphins now have 70 points through their first six games. Six games, 70 points. Mm. Last year they did that in one game. Tim Boyle. Tim Boyle effect. Tim Boyle Effect. Okay. Next game. Wait, I lost my notes. I got it. Jets of Patriots memes. I'll start with you. Which one do you, which story do you wanna start with? Aaron Rogers getting another injury added to him in his body. Or Aaron Rogers eating his own boogers. We'll go injury. Okay. So Aaron Rogers has a hamstring injury that has been added to his ankle and knee injuries.

(49m 17s):
I'm gonna say it. He might be getting old. You think he's injury prone? I think he might be getting old PFT. Every injuries happen. He's not that Old. Okay. He's pretty old. He, He literally added a hamstring injury to his ankle and inj and knee injury. Yeah. He might be old, but would you add Him? Would why have the same leg have all those injuries? Or have them like sprinkled around like Right hamstring, left ankle, right knee. I think you need him sprinkled also. He is that old. He's gonna be 41 in a month. Quarterbacks don't Tom Brady fucked everyone's brain up. Yeah, I saw Jules say that he is right. He said that about he, he said it about Tom Brady going to the Bucks and Matthew Sr.

(49m 60s):
Gonna the Rams and being like, instant Super Bowl. He fucked up. Teams being like, we're a quarterback away. We can get the old quarterback. But just the age thing is what has fucked everyone up. Like 40, 40 one's an old quarterback. Yes, he's Old. Okay. He's old. Confirm. Couldn't believe we had to, we had to, we had to drop stats on you of his age. He's, he's old. But let's talk about the booger thing because the, the jets have come a long way Back in the day, they'd have Mark Sanchez and he would take the boogers outta his nose and then wipe them on Mark Bruno's jacket. Now you've got their quarterback taking his boogers out of his own nose and then swallowing them. What did you think when you saw that Aaron said he did not eat it.

(50m 40s):
Okay. I saw him eat the booger. No, he, he said the, the other angle will show you that he did not. It's a deep fake. It's a deep Fake. Can I half defend Aaron Rodgers in this? Don't eat your boogers. I don't like when people shame for picking your nose. Everyone picks the fucking Nose. Oh yeah. Picking, picking your nose is fine. Everyone in the world picks their nose. If you don't say, if you, if you say you don't pick your nose, you're a fucking liar. It's the same thing as like, people pee in pools like, oh, don, don't pee in pools. No, you're a liar. Yeah. Picking your nose is fine. But the conversation is like, the eating the booger is the, is the part that concerns me. Yeah. Yeah. He shouldn't eat, he shouldn't have eaten his booger. He said he has never eaten a booger. But we saw him. Yeah. We didn't, It's on camera.

(51m 22s):
Never has to be a lie. Yeah. Never's a lie. Like when you're a kid, everyone has tried a booger. Yeah. Hand up. I I ate a booger when I was like five. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. I've e but Whatever. The worst thing I'm dealing with now is my son picks his nose and then he just turns to me, says, where should I put this on the, I like, what do you do? What do you mean? Like, it's your, it's your booger dude. You fucking figure it out. I'm not taking it. He'll just like try to hand me his booger. That is a valid question. 'cause you never really know where to put, I just flick it. You Just flick, you Flick it, And it, and then it just, It's someone else's problem. It is Where it's, I get yelled at for that a lot in my household. Oh no. I flick a lot of boogers.

(52m 3s):
It just ends up on the cross. My girlfriend's Getting like her feet stuck in, Had a Napkin. You need Aaron Rogers to come clean it up with his mouth. I had, Lord Taylor used to eat boogers on the stuff, but for him it was like taking Adderall. Yeah, it was, he would get amped up when Aaron Rogers. Right. He eats a booger. There's nothing there. There's, if anything, he's got like hallucinogens in there. Yeah. Lawrence Hill didn't wanna waste any. Yeah. So you added, you fired Robert Salah. Yep. You added Devonte Adams, you added his son Reddick. So this is every, every week we gotta do something for the Jets to be like, Hey, it's not the problem here. I have a new thing too. Aaron Rogers said after the loss, the Steelers, that there was a major moment in the team culture finally evolving because Devonte Adams gave a speech that he said was the realest speech he'd heard in a locker room in 20 years.

(52m 57s):
Yeah. Devonte Adams is now also the coach. Okay. Okay. Co-coach. Okay. Player, Owner, coach. Devante Adams. You have to win this game. Memes. I'm, I'm with you. If we win, I'm thinking, I'm thinking soy. I love that. I love what, what does the new guy though? What does Devante Adams say that makes it the realest speech ever that Aaron Rodgers has ever heard? In his first week with the team, He probably was like, I heard a lot about how this Jets organization sucked. But now that I'm here Oh my god. Yeah. You guys weren't lying. Yeah. Like the realest Speech possible. We got no help here. We have to do it just players. Yeah. Because the organization isn't gonna do Shit for us. Yeah. The organization, they raised ticket prices, season ticket prices.

(53m 37s):
Woody Johnson this past week. Perfect timing. Yeah. I think it was 23% last year and now 25% next year. Yeah. They're in high demand. Oh, Devon. People just keep going. Devonte Adams is like, I wanna see more fireman ed on the jumbotron. What the fuck is going on with fireman? Ed Rogers did back fireman ed. Which I respect. 'cause I, I do think the, the ecosystem needs the superfan, the ecosystem needs a super fan Max. The Fireman Ed's kind of a fraud. He he walked away. Yeah. No. I know he did, but fi I think, I think he was like fighting people. 'cause they'd be like, the Jets suck. And then he was just, he was just fighting everyone. And then he was like, I need to, I just need to step away from this. No, he stepped away after the butt fumble. He gave up on the franchise. I heard a story that he was just, it, it was fist fight.

(54m 19s):
People were like, the jets suck. He is like, nuh. Yeah, pretty much. I I think he gave a statement after the butt fumble. He's like, I'm not coming back. This team is a disgrace. Ah. So I, I agree though. Like the, the NFL ecosystem, I do love the super fan. Yeah. The super fan is important. Especially the ones that, that think that are a part of the team. Yeah. I love that about the NFL. I just think that in this case, fireman ed kind of a fraud. Yeah. You can't just quit and then come back. Memes. I have something positive. Memes. Memes is right. Memes Is right. Oh, he got in a fight According to Wikipedia, which is fact. He retired as a self-proclaimed mascot of the New York jet stating he would attend games but not in character. Oh. He later explained that confrontations with a small number of Jets fans had ruined the experience for him.

(55m 3s):
Eh, eh, actually that's not, that doesn't necessarily mean fight, But he also chose the game after the butt fumble to do it. The, the question is, did he still go to the games if he just didn't go in character? I think he, I think he's okay. But you could just, he could just say that. Yeah. He could just say that I was going to the games and when he wasn't True. We're gotta see if we can find him at the games. Quits is just unofficial. I I love that he quit too, just because again, he's unofficial so he didn't have to quit to anyone. Yeah. He, He gave up his salary of $0. Yeah. Yeah. Memes, I have some positive things for you. You ready for it? Ready. The Jets last four games they have played.

(55m 46s):
The second it is all EPA per play. The second best defense. The first best defense. The 11th best defense. The sixth best defense. So they have had a mini gauntlet here in terms of playing against really tough defenses. The Patriots defense is quote unquote soft. They don't have soft players. Do you think, do you think that there will be a bounce off of Soft Gate? It's either, it's gonna be a bounce. I just don't know which way it's gonna go. Oh. It's either gonna be, you know, a locker room comes together or the dissension is everywhere and the team gives up and they get blown out.

(56m 26s):
There was a rumor going around, I Think. So it's either gonna be a win or a 2020 point loss. No, but like a, What's your prediction? A win or loss? I lean towards 20 point loss. Okay. There's a rumor this week that Jared Mayo was gonna be one and done. Yeah. I've heard that. That's picking up steam. Incredible sources picking A lot of steam. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. So he, there's rumor he was gonna get fired this week. Yeah. This week I'm hearing RAs Hot Seat. Yeah, hot dude. Just a switch. Hot Mayo. Would you like to see that? Not this week. I, I think you gotta give him the season. But I think reading The comments by the way, under like anyone who reports what Kirk says is so funny.

(57m 7s):
Yeah, it's great. Yeah. Kirk Mehan reported that they were getting rid of him. Yeah, I believe the report. I believe the report. No, he said 48 hours I believe. Right? Yeah. It's imminent. I believe The report. Yeah. They're gonna fire him right before the game. Yeah. It could happen at any moment within these 48 hours. I don't, I think that's unfair to, to coach Mayo to do this year, but I think it's probably smart to move on after the season. Someone else had a clip. I saw maybe it was Simmons posted a clip that was like, it was a clip from five years ago. That was craft being like, yeah, Gerard Mayo's our coach in waiting. That feels like an un that, that feels like it explains a lot from the last five years. Yeah.

(57m 47s):
That you had a guy who was in the building on Belichick's staff who's like, oh yeah, he's anointed. And I mean the wheels have fallen off. Crafted the interview with the Breakfast Club I. don Dunno if we talked about this on Wednesday, but crafted the interview with the Breakfast Club. He said that he was the one that fired Belichick before that. It had been basically, you know, said to the public that it was a mutual parting of ways. It never is. And that's what opened the floodgates for Belichick to go in on craft. And, and you know, the first four weeks he didn't say much about the Patriots or negative. And then after Kraft said that is when Belichick said it on McAfee show. He went on Brady's podcast to show that it's not a him and Brady thing. So I think the wheels have completely fallen off. I think Belichick's gonna keep, you know, keep leaning in on the screws, on, on giving his honest opinion on the Patriots.

(58m 33s):
And it's probably gonna get bad before it's gonna get worse. Before it gets better. So I lean towards 20 point blow up. Yeah. What did the Breakfast Club ask him about getting jerked off? Don? Don't know. I didn't watch the full interview. Oh, I wanna know that answer. I'm sure they do. It had to have, I doubt it. Charlamagne definitely Did based off the fact that they were saying everything on the Roast of Brady. And once they mentioned that once, that was the only time someone got shut down. So. Yeah. But you can't tell Charlamagne not to ask about the Jack Off thing. No, I bet you they Did. He would say no, no deal on the interview. They definitely talked about it off air. Yeah, probably. They probably, yeah. Were like, what's your favorite spots? This is the first time since 2000 1 0 2 season that the Jets have been favored against the Patriots in consecutive games.

(59m 23s):
That's pretty crazy. Yeah, that's how long it's been. It's been down. It means you have to win this game. It's the most, it might be the most must win game of your life. It is the most must win. And for a regular team, we would easily win this because the past two games we played the Patriots, we've had I think Seven Plus Sacks each time. And now there's no David Andrews, but it's the Jets. So I have no idea realistically all this hype going into it as the Jets, we lose this game by like Greg Zer, Greg Z Line, miss field goal, and then that's it. All The, the hype going into it. Yeah. There's so hype into this matchup Now.

(1h 0m 3s):
I I do have a stat. Yeah. This is the, this is the game of the week. I I do have a stat in terms of the, the over under the under is 11 and two outta the last 13 times that the Jets have played against a FC East opponents. And the under is five and oh the last five times that the Jets and Patriots have played. I love the over. Okay. I just think the Patriots are an over team now Because of Drake May And their defense is terrible. Yeah. Like they flip to an over team and it's, it's slowly catching up, but it hasn't all the way caught up. We're Gonna find out if calling your team Soft Works though. True. That might be a variable in this. It's like they, they just called the S word. Yeah. And so they might go out there and be like, fuck that we're hard. Jake Mays gonna give him a shot.

(1h 0m 44s):
Hank you could win this game or lose you. Sure. I think so. We Could tie No, you're not gonna, this is not a tie yet. Not a tie. No. Definitely tie. We already have one tie this weekend. Yeah. All right. Next game. Falcons at Bucks. The bucks are in their cream school jerseys. The Bucks have lost everyone. So they have no Godwin, no Mike Evans. That's not everyone, but it feels like everyone, 'cause those guys basically amount for all their catches Bucky Time, they're gonna go full-Time. Bucky Sterling Shepherd Time. I don't know. don don't know who they're gonna pass to. I think, I feel like Baker has played on teams with that have been like utterly deserted of wide receivers in the past.

(1h 1m 26s):
Yeah. So I feel like he will, it's it's not gonna be super ugly for the Bucks, but they've been a pretty good offense with their wide receivers playing. They're gonna fall back to like middle of the road. Yeah. I, this is a, I mean this is a huge game. This is a huge game for the division. This is a huge game. These two teams. It, it does feel like our game PFT and this game. That's that you guys could obviously still win your division, but that's gonna be kind of the mix up race for a wild card spot. Yeah. Yeah. I So they're important impactful games. Yeah. So I I I would say that there are gonna be three teams from the NFC North that get into the playoffs.

(1h 2m 6s):
Correct. And there could even, there could be four. Yes. Basically if the bucks, if, if someone, because the bus sucks if someone runs away from your, the NFC East, if the Eagles or commanders just like rip off a bunch of wins and the other team dies and then the Bucks die, then it, it could feasibly be all four teams. Yeah. Which would be wild. So Tampa, they are one in four in the Creamsicles. When they wear those it still looks cool. It does look cool, but it also, that's not great. That's not great. And, and not having Mike Evans for the Creamsicles feels. Yeah. When you do a throwback, I mean the, the Jersey itself is gonna be cool to look at. I like it when the Bucks wear the Creamsicles, but they're throwing back to like the worst era of football ever.

(1h 2m 48s):
Yeah. When the Bucks actually wore those week in, week out, they were a very, very bad football team with the exception 1979. Yeah. But besides that, it's like we're, we're doing a throwback to celebrate our worst years as a franchise. Yeah. I, I think I lean the Falcons in this game, but I also don don't know this. I can't decide if this is one of those games where it's gonna be so easy 'cause it's like, hey, the Bucks have no offense or everyone thinks that and the Bucks like, how'd they do that? Oh, they threw, you know, 15 screen passes to Bucky Irving. Yeah. Ba Bucky's going to eat and they're gonna fire that fucking cannon a few times. Which is so funny that the NFL is cracking down on the gun celebrations. Yeah.

(1h 3m 28s):
Like you can't pull out a fake shotgun and blast a guy in the face five times after sacking him. But then every time you score a touchdown, Raymond James Stadium just lights up like an armory. Yeah. You can't, you can't even flash your gun. Patriots too. Yeah. Patriots. That's right. They actually have guns. Yeah. Dudes with guns in the end zone. But if Drake may pulls out, if he just shows a simulated gun in his waistband. Yeah. Roger Goodell's gonna come at that ass. What about the shooter? mc probably can't do that don Don't think so. You can't even do a bow and arrow Celebration. No guns. No guns can't do it. What if you say it was a squirt gun? What if you pump it and you, you demonstrate it's a Super soaker That Could be a shotgun. What if you, what if you like Joe Horn when he pulled the cell phone out out of the goalpost?

(1h 4m 10s):
What if underneath the goalpost you keep like a little orange cap and you put it on the, on the top of your finger so it's clear that it's like a cap gun and it's not real. I think that could work too. I Think that works. Yeah. That's what they gotta do. Just save a little orange cap and just put it on right after you score. Yeah. I like that idea a lot. What If you line up your offensive lineman? I feel like they've probably done this before, but you throw a grenade, fake throw it, and then they all fall. Grenades are fine. Grenades are totally fine. Yeah. Grenades are good. But you can't, Drones are fine too. Can't do A gun. Yeah. What If you do a drone? Yeah. What if Joe Horn pulled out that cell phone and he dialed the number and he was simulating that there were pagers on all the opponent's belts that blew up? Yeah. Or it's do that it, he pulls out the, the cell phone and he just shows the camera a video of like a Russian soldier getting drone killed as he gives up.

(1h 4m 56s):
Which I somehow see five times a dead. Yeah, that's, it's insane, isn't it? That's like the scariest thing ever. A dude just like standing in the middle of the field and just Be like, please don't kill me. And then the drone, just the Drone's like, sorry, you're dead. Yeah, you're dead buddy. Okay. Packers at Jaguars, Robert Sala has found a temporary home. He is coaching the offense from a defensive perspective. I love that. And so he is on the sidelines there, which is like taking a picture of your ex's ex on Instagram and posting it just to get, I feel like that was directed at Aaron Rodgers. Yes. I I That's why Robert Sah is in Green Bay.

(1h 5m 36s):
Yes. That, that's why probably Matt LeFlore was like, Hey, come here. I I know exactly what you went through. Yeah. We can just talk about it. Yeah. We can just, yeah. We can just talk shit Together. So it's also a Doug Peterson kind of revenge game because he was a a backup quarterback Yeah. For the Green Bay Packers for a while. Sure. The Jaguars I think are gonna get lit up by Jordan. Love. You think so? Yeah. I kinda like the Jags this weekend. Yeah. This is, I I'm trying to overthink it to win. Yeah. I'm not gonna overthink it. I'm not gonna overthink it. I think the Packers are, their offenses look good. They're a much better, Jordan Bird looks good. They're a much better team. It's in Jacksonville. They're on a kind of winning streak.

(1h 6m 16s):
The Jaguars. Yeah. Yeah. They've won one game. One game. Yeah. They could make it a winning streak. Yeah. They could make it a big winning streak. Okay. Cols of Texans. I don't wanna pick on Anthony Richardson, but I have to just share a stat. Anthony Richardson. Completion percentage this year is 48.5%. What do you think the second worst quarterbacks that's last in the NFL 48.5% of his passes are being completed. Who's the second to second worst quarterback and what's their completion percentage? Deshaun? No. Gardner? Nope. It's Jacoby Burett.

(1h 6m 56s):
Ooh. And his completion percentage was 58.5%. So the second worst is 10% better than the worst in Anthony Richardson. And among players with 150 plus attempts in their first two seasons of the NFL. These are the lowest completion percentages over the last decade. Bryce Petty 53.1. Deshaun Kaiser 53.1. Anthony Richardson, 53.5. It's not good company to be in. No. Shaun Kaiser and Bryce Petty is not good. I Feel like they're going to just, they're they're gonna run until he gets hurt. Yeah. I think that's the plan for the Colts. It's like, we're not gonna tell him to slide, we're not gonna call plays to protect him.

(1h 7m 37s):
We're gonna let him do what he does the best. Which is throw it deep and then sometimes run into people. Yeah. Yeah. Jonathan Taylor will be back too. That will help. That's A big one. Yeah. The Texans are weird. The Texans are good, but their offense is not Good. They're not, they don't feel like they're as dominant as they were in stretches last year. Right. Yeah. No, their offense is like hard to watch, especially without Nico Collins And then some of the weird stuff with time management at the end of games. Yeah. They just, I, I know that everyone picked the Texans to go far in the postseason this year, but I haven't seen them stand out. I mean their, the record is very good, but I haven't seen 'em stand out as being like, this is An incredible team that's all put together. Agreed. Yeah. Agreed. Okay. Next game. I, I'm gonna probably end up, Oh, they got Devin White though.

(1h 8m 19s):
They got Devon White, Devon White Eagle's legend. The Colts also got to Forrest Buckner back, which should's big his, his practice window open. don don't know if he's gonna play, but that, that should be huge for the Colts. Yeah. Saints at Chargers. Alvin Cera is playing with a broken hand and also he got a new contract, which is Perfectly Saints. That's really good. So I mean, the Saints are your choices right now. If you're in the Saint's front office, it's like keep restructuring the guys that you have and giving them like longer terms on their contract and keep kicking the can down the road, which has worked for them in the past. But the difference is right now, those guys are already old. Yeah. And so now you're just extending them and making your team older in like two years.

(1h 8m 59s):
Yeah. They're the, I think the move they made with, with Cera is it saved them $18 million. Yeah. Which I don't really understand how that works. They signed 'em to do a new contract, but they saved money doing it. But. yeah. That's, I think that's their only solution now is to just keep doing new contracts to save money and push It down on your current players. Yeah. So what the Saints might end up doing is just in the next like 10 years have the exact same roster and they're a team of 45-year-old guys. Yeah. And they lose every game. But you're not in cap hell. Right. Yeah. That's how they slowly climb outta Cap Hell. Which Is very relatable. Yeah. Which is like, I'll just deal with this problem in two years. Yeah. Two years might not even happen. The Chargers have to win this game. They have to win this game. Yeah.

(1h 9m 39s):
They have to win this game. I do think they will win this game. I think they can run the ball. Saints defense is very, very bad. Their worst in the league in terms of yards per carry against 5.4 yards per carry. So I feel like the Chargers are gonna just be like, we're gonna smash this down your throat. But at least the Saints, it does feel like the Saints will be a little bit, they'll look better than they did last Thursday. 'cause they're gonna get a lave back. They got some offensive linemen back. I just want it to be a better, I The Saints are such a bummer to watch. Be a little PR competitive. Yeah. Spencer Rattler had some very, some of the most hilarious turnover plays last week. So Yeah. I hope we get more of those. The Chargers, they have not scored an offensive touchdown in the second half since week one.

(1h 10m 24s):
Mm. Week one was the only time they did that. They need a wide Receiver. They need somebody that can catch the ball. They Need ball catchers. Yeah. Bad, bad bill's at Seahawks. Dk Metcalf. If he doesn't play, I like the bills. I I would guess that he's not gonna play. I think he's out. He is officially out. It's a grade one MCL. That sounds bad. That does Sound bad. I'm gonna guess that he's not playing. I know he's questionable. He's questioning. We gotta have DK back on some type. I I'll say it. And And, we could, we could even tweet this at him. I think DK uses the cart too much. Well he, it's because he did it that one time when he had to shit. Yeah. Well every time he goes on the cart is like season ending injury.

(1h 11m 6s):
Yeah. That's what it feels like. So when you see someone, it's, I understand dk you don't wanna walk and you want to get a ride, but you make everyone who's a Seahawk fan, who's a fan of you, which I, we include everyone in this room. Very nervous whenever you get in the car. Yeah. I, I think that it, it really does go back to the time where he used it when he didn't need to use it. Yeah. When, unless he had already shit his pants. Right. If there was like a brown stain, then I understand that just, or you could just wrap a towel around your waist and, and duck waddle to the bathroom. That would've been fine too. But since then, it's the boy who cried Wolf. Yeah. With the cart. I, I think in this case, he's probably out, he's week to week grade one MCL sprain. I'm gonna guess that he's not playing. He's missing the next two practices.

(1h 11m 46s):
Then we'll have his sprain MCL evaluated on Friday. I He also could be a guy who just regenerates like he's in that good of shape. If you, if you look at TK Metcalf where it's like he can just sit and focus really hard on his knee on Friday afternoon and be like, okay, I'm better now. Yeah. Bobo Tom. Bobo. Bobo. Bobo. JSN Bobo. Yeah. I I, this is gonna be a fun game. This is a very fun game in the afternoon. Yeah. I'm excited for it. Panthers and Broncos. Bryce Young. He's back, baby back. Andy Dalton got into a car accident. Hurt his thumb. Yeah. Kind of a weird injury to have in a car accident. But I'm glad that that's all that it was. But this is bad.

(1h 12m 28s):
This is bad for the Panthers for, for two reasons. One, Bryce Young's gonna play quarterback for you. And two, whatever trade value you think you have for Bryce Young is now up in the air because he could get injured or it's just gonna remind everybody how bad Bryce Young is. Right. So the longer you go without having to watch Bryce Young, like NFL GMs, they're just like us. If you spend two months and you haven't seen Bryce Young Play Football, you're like, maybe that guy's not that bad. Yeah. But now you're gonna be reminded about how bad he is. Yeah. And it's gonna be bad because according to Sports Info Solutions, Panthers are the worst team versus the Blitz. And the Broncos blitz the second most in the NFL. And also the Panthers have the 31st ranked rushing defense in, in terms of DVOA.

(1h 13m 15s):
So it's going to be the Broncos running the ball down their throat and then blitzing the fuck out of them. I know this is a big line. I don't know how you could possibly take the Panthers I don don't. They're irredeemable Don don't know either. They're irredeemable Thing I think with nine and a half points. Yeah. Irredeemable. Yeah. I Still like the Broncos now. Yeah. I think you could probably make it 13 and a half. The defense last week was just so, so bad. So bad. And their offense, which had been at times not as bad as their defense was as bad if not worse than their defense was. Yes. Yes. And what, but what I respect about 'em in the game against the Commanders, you're getting the shit kicked out of you by Marcus Mariota and starting in like the second quarter, you just start running the football.

(1h 13m 55s):
Yeah. And you're like, we're just going to, we're gonna make this game end as, as fast as we can. Running clock. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Chiefs wrapping up, we got a couple more chiefs at Raiders. I wanted to take the Raiders, but then I remembered, do you guys remember over the summer training camp when the Raiders had that video of Kermit the Frog dresses? Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. And Patrick Mahomes quote after that was stuff like that happens. It will get handled when it gets handled. That feels like it's gonna get handled this week. This is, but the Raiders are also team that will not let Patrick Mahomes tiptoe along the sidelines and let up on it. True. They're going to, they're gonna finish those plays.

(1h 14m 35s):
I I do agree though. That was, that was a crazy move for the Raiders to play crazy. Crazy with like a new coaching staff coming in. Your quarterbacks or Gardner Menchu and a OC. Why, why are you doing that? I, I guess the one thing you can say about the Raiders is they can, they can lean into their team identity being we're the one team that will beat the fuck outta Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. That's really all they have going for 'em. 'cause I mean, they are a weird team. They beat the Ravens and they lost to the Panthers. Oh, I have it for you. This is, that's How strange the Raiders are You ready for this? So this is from Josh Dubbo ap. The Raiders are the last team to beat the Chiefs. Yeah. Christmas 2023. The last team to beat the Ravens Week two.

(1h 15m 15s):
The only team to lose to the 2024 Panthers Week three. And the only team to lose a team to a team coach by Jeff Saturday week 10, 20, 22. Yeah. They're such a weird team. They're the weirdest team. They're so weird. I mean, the looking back at that Ravens win, it's like, what the fuck happened in that fourth quarter? Yeah. It was crazy. But It's, I think that was actually good for the Ravens Yeah. To see that happen to them. Yeah. Deandre Hopkins is going to be good for the Chiefs. I know that he has not been great this year, but it doesn't matter. He's still got the hands. He's still got the hands. And, it doesn't really matter. It's just like, this is where the chiefs are at. Yeah. They're gonna add him. He's gonna be great. He's pro. He's not like, he doesn't have the explosion that he used to have, you know, beating people deep, but doesn't matter.

(1h 15m 58s):
You have Xavier worthy on the outside. Deandre Hopkins can just catch everything. He will catch everything. He's still very good at, I think we predicted that Deandre Hopkins would be on the Chiefs in like week two and it's gonna work. Right. It's like this is, it's his destiny to get just like stay in shape by playing on the Titans. Yeah. You're still practicing football and catching balls. You're not really competing that much, but you are going to be a chief and you're going to win the Super Bowl with the Chiefs. Yes. By the way, Patrick Mahomes has the most interceptions of NQB in the NFL since the start of last season. That's pretty Crazy. That is wild 22. Sam Howell 21. Jordan Love 19. Jalen Hurtz 19. Do you know what's going on with Max Crosby? Yeah.

(1h 16m 38s):
Well, he's like maybe getting traded. He said, yeah, he might get traded. And then he said, I'm a Raider. Let me say, lemme make this pretty fucking clear. I am a Raider. I want to be a Raider. And his name keeps getting brought up. And they were doing an interview with him the other day and they said like, what if Antonio Pierce called you guys soft and kinda like mumbled through it. And then he was like, wait, did he call us soft? And the interviewer was like, yeah, he called you guys soft. And then his reaction, his his quote was, I would have a major issue if I was a player. Especially another man calling you soft. I mean, those are fighting words. Maybe it worked by Antonio Pierce. Yeah. Like if your reaction is that's fighting words, maybe that's the right word to say to you to make you wanna Fight.

(1h 17m 21s):
Yeah. Yeah. don don't know. I mean, max Crosby, if he gets Straighted, that would be someone would get really, really good Meme. Just saying that he backtracked That. Oh, he backtracked the, the, Yeah, it was on Jim Gray's podcast. Okay. At afterwards. Jim Gray again, we've said this before. How the fuck does that guy just have all these like shows with like, how does he have a show with Tom Brady? He's just secret Commissioner. They're Just boys, I think. But Jim Gray was on that show. Jim Gray hasn't done anything in like 20 years. And he is just, he still gets like the biggest Didn't he do the decision? Yeah. I feel like it Is crazy. I feel Like Jim Gray and They're talking about it on the podcast. He he was the one that interviewed Tyson.

(1h 18m 1s):
Like the Yeah. My back is broken. Yeah. Jim Gray might be secretly super, super wealthy. Did you guys know, this is Jim, Did you know that Joe Buck has been calling NFL games since 1994? No. Isn't that crazy? Was He one of the first Fox guys? So I saw a clip. It was the 30th anniversary of the longest punt return in NFL history. 103 yards. Because the rule used to not be, if it goes in the end zone, it's not immediately dead. So it was a Saint's Oilers game, I wanna say. And the ball hit the back, basically the back part of the end zone and then bounced forward.

(1h 18m 41s):
And the Oilers guy just picked it up and ran it. So he ran, he picked it up in the end zone and ran it. And I was listening to him. I was like, is this Joe Buck And? it was Joe Buck from 1994. And that's a play that will never be, that record won't be broken. No. 'cause of the way that the, the is written right now. Yeah. That's Pretty crazy. Can you play it? I know we can't. Well, no, you could play it. The audio of it. Say this again. I was looking at, it was the, at Jim Gray, everything. Jim Gray's, Jim Done Gray. He's Done Jim Crazy insane things. And it's, it's nuts. And he's got like, I don't know what his personality is. He's just Jim Gray. It was the longest punt return in NFL history. 1994 Saints, Oilers.

(1h 19m 21s):
I was shocked. I I mean I, I felt a little bad that I didn't know that fact. But when I heard it, I was like, is this Jack Buck? How could this be Jack Buck? No, it's Joe Buck. Let's see, Is this it? Yeah. Tommy Barnhardt Shot it all because they're outta time out. So a big stop on third down and now Barnhart. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. 1994. High hanging old. Is he spiraling? Punt Like 25. This play. Oh, Ram. Sorry. Barnhart could not pull it up short of the end zone. I think the way the returns have been going in this game, I just assumed, wait a minute. What's going on out here? They down the ball.

(1h 20m 1s):
This is gonna be a touchdown. That, that, that is one of the most unbelievable plays I've ever seen. They never downed the ball. It was sitting in the end zone and the Rams picked it up and scored Buck kind of got owned on that play call, didn't he? Yeah. Like the, the analyst just took over for him. Yeah, he took over and played by play. And Joe was just probably confused. Probably pissing. Yeah. Yeah. Pissing in a beer bottle. It's crazy though. 25 years old calling NFL games. Very cool Nuts. Also, shout out Jake, who's gonna be doing some college basketball stuff, right? Yes. Yes. Very cool. Jake CCB week. CBS Feast Week. Yes. I love Feast Week so much. I love Feast Week so much.

(1h 20m 42s):
Bears of Commanders. The game. Is he gonna play? I I reported on Monday that he was gonna play. So he's guaranteed play. So what can people do if he doesn't play? I stand to you. I stand by my reporting. So if he doesn't play, what do you, what what can people do to you? There could be a material change, but I stand by my reporting. He has to play. He has to play. Right? You can find me. You can find me. I don't think he's playing. Yeah. Why I don? I don't think he's playing either. Why not? I just think that it's like, it's just our luck. But he knows how much this game means to us. I, I don't know if he does. He does because he would've already been practicing. He's doing a little rope a dope. The ribs are fine. Look your ribs a long way from your heart. That's actually not that true.

(1h 21m 23s):
No, they're very close. They're very close to each other. They actually protect your heart. But he's gonna play. Yes. Max, I have a question. Yeah. Yeah. Max, Did you say anything at the out of order Live show I show last night. I knew. I forgot that Max was there. Did you say anything at the out of order live show last night? I did not. I sounds like he did. What did he say, max? It was a comedy show. I'm confused. Was he talking shit? It was a comedy show. Oh. Afraid it was a comedy show. Afraid to repeat it on the podcast. Is Big Cat a studio gangster? This is maybe why I texted you guys and asked if you were coming to the show. And then I forgot Max was there. Remember I texted you guys? I went up Nick our, our good friend Nick. I knew he was gonna do this to me. I I thought of it as I was walking out.

(1h 22m 4s):
I was like, fuck. Max was there as I was walking. Or sorry, Nick was saying some unkind things to Caleb Williams. I was MCing. So I fights went first introduced fights, introduced Nick. Nick said some unkind things to Caleb Williams. I went up and I was like, Hey guys. Caleb Williams is so fucking good. Like he's gonna change all of our lives. And then I might've said, because pf t's not here. I think Caleb Williams is way better than Gene Daniels. But that was off, that was off air. I'm just, I'm just curious off air. Yeah. Delete this part from, it was off. So I'm declaring this is all air too. Yeah. How many, how many rookie of the weeks has Caleb? I don't Listen. I didn't, I I just said how many I said what? I said I, can we look that up? Yeah.

(1h 22m 44s):
Rookie of the week is an award I do not care about Rookie of the Week. I'm just curious off air. I just, I I had to say what I thought. Well, we'll find out, won't we? Yeah. don don't care about Rookie of the weeks. How many touchdown throws Shane? No, I'm saying Daniels have Daniel. We'll find out how many touchdowns, how many overall touchdowns does Caleb have? I think more than Jane Daniels. Well, you played against the Jaguars. Oh, you played against the Panthers. Oh, he got hurt because he Couldn't stay in game. No, he didn't get any touchdowns in that game. He Can't? Yeah. 'cause he, he got Hurt. So actually Caleb's played more games than, than Jayden. His five. The best avail ability is availability. Well, he's also, and how Wait, how He Played more. Wait, we're counting. 1, 2, 3.

(1h 23m 25s):
He only has three. I thought he had more than that. Oh, How has he played? Four or five. Does He have five? Rookie of the weeks? I have a question. How has, That's pretty good. How has K Williams played more games than Jane Daniels when the commanders haven't had a buy? Oh, We did last week against the So You, they played the exact same amount Of games. Oh yeah, that's right. I forgot about that. But Jayden's different. That's fine. Jayden's different. I love my guy. Jayden's different Monday night. I also knew Max was in the crowd and I knew he was gonna bring this up. What's, what's Caleb record. But it's good for the show. What's Caleb, what's his record in Prime time? I, Owen and one I don't care. These are, these are, I, I don't give a fuck about Rookie of the week.

(1h 24m 5s):
don don't give a fuck about record and Prime time. I give a fuck about how I feel. I think Kale Williams is really good record and Prime time's Pretty important. I don all eyes on you. You're gonna make a game of Playoffs game. That's a one game sample size. You had And. we Actually don't have a lot of Prime time. Okay. Who did you bet on to be MVP this year? I didn't actually make the bet because remember he went from 22 to one to 10 to one to then 18 to one and they lost. And I was like, well I missed that. Alright. So it was Joe Burrow though, Right? I was, I was saying at the time that if you want, if you thought the Bengals could beat the Ravens, you should bet on Joe Burrow to to be MVP. They didn't beat the Ravens. But you've been saying he's been playing at an MVP level.

(1h 24m 46s):
He was, yeah. So when Jayden, when he beat him in his own house, does Jayden Daniels play against Joe Burrow? He did. He he played against Joe Burrow was playing cornerback against Jayden Daniels. He Outscored Joe The 24th defense in the league. Well, we didn't really have a defense out there and the Bengals didn't really have a defense out there. But Jayden had more points than Joe Burrow. Right. But Joe, Joe, Joe Bur was playing defense against Jayden Daniels Basically. Yeah. He could have if he, if, if Joe Burrow had scored more points Got it. Than Jayden. Listen, that would be kind of playing Against I hope, I hope, I hope Jayden Daniels plays, I hope he is not a pussy about it. I hope he, I hope he plays too. He better. You said he was gonna play. I reported, I I didn't say I reported that.

(1h 25m 26s):
Jayden Daniels, which is more than saying it. I want play. I want him to play. So it's a tattoo bet. Yeah. If Jayden plays, no, I Think no matter what. So when we talked about like what the most hilarious outcome in terms of Last year was the worst game ever in Terms of ratings for the podcast, which is why we want, if you lose the Marcus Mariota, you need to get like a lay That's what I'm saying. If you, you should get No, you should get the, the Polynesian like shoulder tattoo. No, I, if I lose, I'm gonna choose my own tattoo. But I'll, I'll honor it with or without Jayden Danielson. If you, if you want it, it's your, 'cause you're the one who got the tattoo last year. 'cause the Bears beat the commanders. So I Beat the fuck out of him. Yeah, I will. Whatever the, if you wanna call it off for Marcus Marietta, I'm happy to do that.

(1h 26m 8s):
I, no, I don't Care. I'm not gonna call it off. Okay. Because I, I believe in my guys. Okay. I believe in my guys Now you don't, Dick Buck has passed away like right before the game last year, which Yeah, Mike Dick is Pretty old. That felt, oh my God. I didn't even think about Mike Dicka. I did. Yeah. Okay. The bets the bet's off. If, if Mike, If Mike Dicka passes. No. Yeah. That's my one stipulation. If he passes away within one hour of kickoff. All Right. One hour. Like one Sunday, Sunday morning, whatever. It's between 10 10 and 12 a or no, no, no. He's kickoff is is 3 25 central time. He's, If he passes out or if he passes away during the early slate of games, Second half, that's like an hour and a half, two hour window.

(1h 26m 50s):
Second quarter counts. No. If it's the first under the two minute warning, there has to be at least one game over the two Minute warning. Okay. Deal. Deal. Then the bet's off. But otherwise, every Game that it starts when every game is under the two minute warning. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Listen, last year I bet on Sam Howe. Yeah. If there's one Right. So I'll, I'll I will honor that. Justin Fields, I will honor the bet with Marcus Mariota. The Bears were one oh and four I believe at the time. One in three. Bad Bad. It was a bad game. It's a bad game. You guys played really well. It's a bad game. But. yeah. Me and Big Cat we'll have, we'll have marks. It's like I'll have tapestry. That's what they used to do back in medieval times to like commemorate everything that happened in their history.

(1h 27m 31s):
It's like, oh, here's a, here's a painting of us losing this one battle. Yeah. That's what our body Tell the story of it. That's what our bodies are gonna be. The story of this rivalry that everyone talks about. The famous Bears Commander's rivalry. Yeah. Listen, Are you feeling good? I, I think, I think if you, it's hard to judge this game 'cause we just don't know if he's playing. I want you to be happy. Big Cat and I, I want Caleb Williams to be a good quarterback. But to say that he's had a better year than James. That's not what I said. That's not what I said. He's just little boy. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. That is not what, that's not what I said. That's all I said. That's not what I said. Well Bro, you're gonna be good. Alright. Just leave. That's not what I said. You're, you're changing and that makes me think that you're scared that you're saying you're changing the words to this year. That's not what I said. I did not say Kale Williams has played better than Jaden Daniels this year.

(1h 28m 14s):
That is unequivocally not what I said. What did you say? I said I think Kle Williams is better than Jaden Daniels going forward. But how can you say that when Jayden has been, 'cause I clearly a better player because That's just what I think going forward. I think if you're, if You're why that's not, that's not a crazy thing to say. You're Saying I I hope that one day Kle will be Better than the No, I think that j Kle Williams going forward is going to be the better quarterback. I did not say anything about this year. Is it? So you could do the rookie of the weeks, but that is, I irrelevant to me. 'cause I'm talking about the future. You're Talking about what hasn't happened yet. I'm talking about the future. Yeah. You're talking about what you, what you hope is gonna happen. What Do we do on this show? Talk about what hasn't happened. I like, there's a whole preview. There's one thing about me. I like to live in reality, Right? Yeah. Jayden, Daniel Max is trying to change what I said.

(1h 28m 56s):
I never, I never said that. Pft is, he's the one who you want to go with the rookie of the weeks. I wasn't there. I don. I don't know what you said. No, I never, I never said that. I never said he's better than him this year. No, he just said that. I think he's a be he's a better Quarterback. He's gonna be a better quarterback. Yeah. I think he's going to be a better quarterback. Did he say going to be? I think I Said Going is better Because I said he's going to be awesome. He's going to be, he's going to change our lives. He's going to be a better quarterback. There's tapes. We could check the tapes. Yeah, let's check the tapes. That's right. We could check the tapes Going to be is different. That it, it's different than is better. I did not say is I, I did not talk about this year. I said I was talking future. I was saying this is gonna change our lives. Put Put a pull out. I could actually put, I could text someone and try to get the actual clip.

(1h 29m 40s):
Like, Alright, so if I said, I don don't think I said this year, but my whole point was that he's going to be better. 'cause that's what I've been saying the whole time is that I, I'm very confident in Kale Williams. I think he's gonna be a, a very good quarterback. I think that Jayden Daniels is different. He is awesome, huh? I Love him. So you think Jane Daniels is like that much better than Kle Williams and everything. Because I also, IIII, I, I don't think Ja, I think Jane Daniels is very, very good. I just think I like Kle Williams more going forward. But you think Jay Daniels is gonna be like the best quarterback ever? I think he's gonna be, if he stays healthy. I think Jane Daniels is gonna be the best quarterback in the history of the Redskins or Commanders.

(1h 30m 23s):
I think he's gonna be the best quarterback in the NFC. He might already be the best quarterback in the NFC. What about like, all time? Probably top two all time? No, that's, that's too far for me to project, but probably top five. Okay. Yeah. I don? I think Caleb Williams gonna have a really strong career in winning Super Bowl. That's all. I'll Say. Just one. I wouldn't Doubt that. Yeah. I'm gonna say one. Yeah. I'm not, I mean, I don't, I'm not gonna say he's top 10. Top five. That Was mean. Hank That was mean. Hank Yes. With the Bears. I'm not gonna say he's top 10, top five, any of this stuff. 'cause it's still too early. But I, I'm very confident in what I've seen in the progression that he's made. I think it, it'll be good for the league.

(1h 31m 3s):
Yeah. Tattoo bets every year. It'll be good for the league Schedule Every year. Rival Every year. Alright. Last game. Cowboys at Niners. Let's get that footage. Yeah, that's fine. I wanna see the footage. I knew Max was there. I knew he was gonna bring this up. You gotta be, you think I'm an idiot? Max was, I saw him before the show. He came in and said hello to me. I don't think I said this year, but my, and if it's this year, no. J Tino has played better than Caleb Williams so far. Caleb Williams, I have, I think about his future higher. Hank who do you think is better? Jade Daniels. He's played better this so far. I think Caleb Williams is better. Thank You, max. I Think that's fair to say. I want Caleb Williams better. I think it's fair to say that, that so far Jade Daniels has played better.

(1h 31m 45s):
But. yeah. He's also, but you think that your ceiling is is higher. Yes. And I also think that K Williams gets criticized for playing bad defenses. And Jane Daniels has also played bad defenses. It's true. Yeah. I just want to, I want both to play Sunday. Yeah, I do too. Then I can decide. Very badly. Very badly. Are you guys gonna compliment my jersey or, or not? I did. That was The first thing I said. Do you? Oh, sorry. I appreciate that Great Jersey. Is it McCaffrey? It's a Luke McCaffrey salute to service. Hell yes. Arctic camo jersey. Hell yes. Shipped directly from China. I love the fact that China is making our Pro American military jerseys. That is nice. Also, this is just a knockoff and I feel like I'm the only person in the world that owns it. But fuck it, we ball. Nice. Where'd Mexico go?

(1h 32m 26s):
Probably to retrieve the footage. Footage Or bathroom? I did say a bathroom. I do remember saying, oh, because we don't have any, no one can take video of this. And then I like looked at the camera. Yeah, I knew the camera was there. Also, the Rookie of the week thing is hilarious because there are two weeks that you could definitely say Caleb deserved to win. Don't want it those two weeks. Don't want it. Wanna stay hungry. Don't want it. Okay. Breaking Moves, moves. Max Max has got the video from Laugh Factory. I'm very interested to see this. So, according to Big Cat, he said that Caleb Williams is going to be better than Jayden Daniels or He's, he, I, he might have said he's better, but say he's playing better right now.

(1h 33m 9s):
Or he is had a better games this year. Have you seen this? I have not. I have Not either. You lived It. I did live it, but I don't remember anything that happens ever, because my brain's turning to mush and I don't sleep. I've been, I've been trying to stay reserves with what I'm about to say, because we're in a place where we can't have cameras and people aren't recording. I knew the cameras recording Me saying to you guys, kale Williams is so fucking good. He bring the teams all of our lives. I honestly think that we're all gonna become winners. And I'm gonna say one of, 'cause don don't think PF t's here.

(1h 33m 50s):
He's so much better than Jayden Daniels. He's so much better than Jayden Daniel. Yeah. I believe I have no problem so Much better than Jayden Daniel. I mean, why can't I say that? Wait, I wanna hear the rest of it so Fucking good. I believe I I won't say it his face. I'm gonna wait. I gotta play some long game. So fucking good. I do. The cameras were everywhere. Yeah, I have no problem with what I Said. You Well, I have one problem with what you said. What? And that he's so much better than Jane Daniels. I, I vehemently disagree. I think anybody that's watched the games this season, and I've, I'm a big Caleb Williams fan. I've been very polite myself. I, You don't have to fake it. I've been, you don't have to fake it. I've been rooting for the guy. I want him to be a great quarterback. You don't have to fake it. I think you have to be insane to say that Caleb Williams Okay.

(1h 34m 32s):
Has been A better quarterback. I didn't say he's been a better quarterback right now. I say he's so much better. He's not. I didn't say he's a better quarterback. He's been a better quarterback. I said he's so much better. I think we're splitting hairs, right? No, I have not. I didn't say Caleb Williams. I played so much better. Big Cat backed into a corner. No, I'm not. You you have talked reckless about Jaden Daniels. I have been very reserved. Caleb Williams has played better every week, and people wanted this to happen for this week. They wanted us to, to, to finally take the gloves off. Max was just so, he was so happy. He's like, we needed this. We need this. I've been reckless about Jay Daniels because I'm looking at the hardware and he's got five rookie of The week. But, so for me to say that I think my quarterback is, is so much better.

(1h 35m 13s):
You've said some shit that is like crazy. No, I said Super Bowl window. You just said he is gonna be one of the top two quarterbacks of all time. I said top five. You started with top two, Right? I think I said not saying top. Maybe I said top two. I feel like I've, I've been very like, reserved and I still think that Caleb Blooms got, there's gonna be some bumps in the path this season for Caleb Blooms. He's gonna have some bad games. We've got a tough schedule. I'm just talking. I'm looking forward. I think what I've seen forward, he's gonna be awesome. I think right now as it stands, we, we both have our lines. Yeah. I mean, this is what we always thought. So it's not, it's not like a secret. Yeah. I did have Jayden as, as number one on my big board before the draft.

(1h 35m 54s):
Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I wanted him, I listen, there's an update by the way, about Jayden Daniels from Adam Schefter. Okay. So he tweeted out earlier today Washington plans to attempt to try to practice Jayden Daniels on Friday. Okay. So we plan, that's To attempt. We plan to attempt. That doesn't sound great. Plan to attempt to try to practice Jaden on Friday. That doesn't sound great. I still think he's gonna play. But plan to attempt to try to Practice. We plan to attempt to try. That's a great update from Shefter. Are you mad at me that I think my quarterback's better than yours? No. No. I just, I I would've rather had this conversation on the podcast. Well, I knew, I mean, there was, It, it's Sad that it happened. We're Having it, it's sad that it had to come. We're having it.

(1h 36m 34s):
It's sad that it had to come. Don't after a video where you said, I'll say this 'cause pf D's not here. Well, you don't think I, there was three cameras pointing at my face and Max was in the crowd. I saw Max before the show. Listen, We just might have, And I knew he was sitting right there. We might have just reached supreme debate. Yeah. That was supreme debate. I, I listen, people have been waiting for me to say it because I've been taking a lot of shit. I get, you know, the Bengals game, obviously. I, my mentions were just, holy shit, your guy stinks. Jayden Daniels awesome. I think Jayden Daniels is awesome. I think Ka Williams is super duper awesome. I think Jaden Daniels is like absolutely the best quarterback that I've ever watched in my entire life. He's A top two quarterback of all time.

(1h 37m 14s):
He might be. He might. When it, when it all is said and done, we're both confident in our guys. Yeah. I just want Kle Williams to keep getting better. And like I said, it's his rookie season. There's gonna be some bumps in the road. I know that there's, I I think we play the Vikings on Monday Night Football. I already have that circled as a game that everyone's gonna shit on me. I have it just in my mind of like, that's gonna suck for me, but I don't care. The nice thing is right now, don don't have any more Prime time games I have to worry about or I guess the Eagles. Yeah. There's the Eagles on Thursday night. That will be A big game. Be a big game. We stream that game. Be a big game. You know what the, the real perverts out there, you're, it's actually just memes. It's actually just memes. No, max loves this. Max is so happy. Mem is being a big pervert right now.

(1h 37m 55s):
Max is So happy. Mean this is a good promo for the street and for Monday Show. Absolutely. People wanted this. They didn't want us to sit here and be like, oh, I, I hope we have a good game. I hope you have a good game. I hope we have a good game back and forth. No, I know, I know what this is. Meme memes said, ask him if it's must win or can't lose. I I think you care more about the quarterback play. No, no, no, no. The the Bears, because of the bear's schedule. I've already called it a must win. The Bear. I this stretch has been nothing but must wins. The Panthers game is a must win. The Jaguars game is a must win. This is a must win. They, I, I've said it a million times, but All Bears fans listening right now know it starting in week 10. We have the most difficult schedule possible and it's gonna be fucking torture.

(1h 38m 37s):
And Caleb's gonna have games. He looks bad. We must win these games. And. we must win 'em like we, like we knew going into the season when you looked at the schedule, it's like, if we don't start the season six and three or seven and two, we have no chance of the playoffs. I think this is a must play for Jayden. Yeah. I I Want him to play. I don't think it's a I'll be, so I'm not gonna to get into Max's. Little must win can't lose. 'cause at the end of the day, those, those don't mean anything. And I've figured that out Max when you asked me that. But I think Jayden must play this weekend. I I'll He must, I'm gonna remember when he said that. I'll say this. PFTI did. I went on wa No, you won't match Sylvie. You're Not gonna remember that at all. Yeah. I don won't remember. I'll, you're gonna fall rattled right back into that trap. I'm Still gonna rattled.

(1h 39m 17s):
I I went on Wattle and Sylvie I do every Wednesday. And those were my guys and they were kind of making fun of me because I said that I wanted Jaden Daniels to play. And they were like, wa like, don't we want the p the path of least resistance? I was like, no, no. I want Jaden Daniel. I genuinely want Jaden Daniels to play. I I want to see this. So do I. It's the best for this show. Yep. It, it's a hundred percent the best for this show. And I wanna see it happen. Listen, so I'll be bummed if it doesn't listen In my overcompensating because of all my doubt via watching so much bad quarterback play my entire life as a Commander's Redskins football team fan. A hundred percent. Absolutely. But do I also think that Jayden is, I'd say top two in the NFC right now.

(1h 39m 60s):
Yes. I do think He is. The only time I thought you recklessness was a little crazy was when you genuinely laughed at Max And. it was very similar to when Billy had like two good weeks for the Jets. And he was like, you guys don't understand. And I was like, PFT. We we're still far away from the finish line here. So the reason I I laughed at Max was actually because Max had just gotten done saying the Eagle season is completely over. And then he said, Eagles to win the Super Bowl. Yeah. That's why that was. It was like the 10th team pick though. Yeah, yeah. At that point, like, you have to, But it was a genuine laugh. Yeah. Yeah. And you were kind of looking at him like you sad sack of shit. Yeah. You don't know what it's like. No. And I'm not there yet. No, I'm not there yet. No, no. I I I would never say that.

(1h 40m 40s):
Like, I feel bad for Max because the Eagles, I've said this, they have a top to bottom much better roster than the commanders do. Like N no, don't do this now. It's true. No, don't do this. You can't Take back the laugh. Don't do this now. Okay. The laugh. I think it's true though. The laughing Was the, the the true reaction. I'm not, I'm not gonna answer that question. Hank Learning. Hank's learning by me. Anything I need Jane Dennis play. Okay. Yeah. We all do. This podcast needs Jane Daniel play. I'll be very bummed out if it happens on Sunday morning. He plans to attempt to try to practice to play. Wait, didn't you say you'd do something if he doesn't play? I think there was discussion of me getting fined for the Oh Yeah, we're gonna find you. Yes. No, we're finding you.

(1h 41m 21s):
Yeah, because I said we are finding you Sunday. I was like, he's playing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're finding you a hundred bucks a person. No, a hundred bucks. Next, next lottery ball winner gets it. Okay. Yeah. Put in free parking. Yeah. Free parking in the lottery Ball. That's good. We should just have A, we should do fines for That. We should have a free parking. Yep. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We should. Yeah. Yeah. We should have a a a jar for it. Memes will never get it. I'll never get it. No, you're gonna get it. Memes is never gonna get it. All right. Well, ba that was the breaking moves back to regular scheduled programming. Alright, last game. Cowboys at Niners. This is just the injury Bowl. Jennings, Deebo, IUK all out or Deebo probably out Kiddo May out McCaffrey Hank, he's out.

(1h 42m 9s):
Okay. And yeah, I don't know. All, all I have for this is Jerry Jones is doing weird shit again. He said that Mike McCarthy's designing bad plays and bad concepts on offense, saying That he's got bad plays is, is such a mean, funny thing to say. Yeah. And then also said Derrick Henry wasn't a fit for their offense. And then don don't know if you guys saw the story on ESPN, where it was basically a deep dive into the fact that the Cowboys facility does tours every single day that just basically has the players like zoo animals. Yeah. Yeah. You get to walk through and just see the players at work and then the players are just like, oh, there's people behind glass, like tapping on it and taking Pictures. Yeah. They're they're tapping on the glass when you're like trying to get a Workout.

(1h 42m 50s):
Yeah. It's, it's insane. Yeah. But that's Jerry Jones. Yeah. Jerry Jones is like, yeah. Go, go, go look at my boys out there. That's where he is. That one, that one boy he's got a big penis. Yeah. Try to see that. Yeah. There's A very funny tweet speaking of the, the 49 ERs. This is from Matt Ford. He pointed out after, after Deebo Samuel had pneumonia and he was sent to the hospital. Matt Ford said the 49 ERs healthiest receiver right now was shot in the chest two months ago. Yeah. Which is true. That's true. And it's crazy. Ricky Piol. And, and so he played last weekend and that's, it's insane the, the bad injury luck that the 49 ERs have had this season. I, I don't think that things are gonna turn around for the Niners. No, I like the Cowboys in This game. I feel like the Yeah.

(1h 43m 31s):
Could be a good week for the cowboy. Although Brandon Aubrey missed practice because he is doing jury duty. Jury duty, which is a very strange reason. Yes. Like back in the day, if you were missing practice for court on the Cowboys, you were having a lot more fun. Yeah. Yeah. That's very true. You weren't on that side of the box. Yeah. I didn't even think about that. Yeah, I like the Cowboys. Mike McCarthy off the buy is pretty good too. Yeah, he is. So as, As fat as he Is, he's 12 and five all time after by and he's three in one as the Cowboys coach. Okay. Okay. Let's do picks. Let's start with our touchdown parlay that we hit.

(1h 44m 2s):
So every day is game day Draftking Sportsbook. Now through the end of the year, it's extra special all customers. We get a special daily promo every single day. From profit boosts, odd boosts, no sweat boosts or bets and more. There's something for everyone. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Now use code. Take that's code. Take and take advantage of special daily promotions only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER (800) 327-5050 Or visit gambling helpline ma.org in Massachusetts in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9. Please gamble responsibly in Connecticut. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org Or visit md gambling help.org In Maryland 21 and over in President, most states 18 and over in Washington, dc, Kentucky, New Hampshire or Wyoming offer void in Ontario Void. Were prohibited. Eligibility restrictions. Apply terms at sportsbook. At DraftKings dot com slash promos on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. One plus promotion per day promotion, sport eligibility and requirements vary. Ends 12 31 24 Sponsored by DraftKings.

(1h 45m 6s):
Touchdown Parlay. We hit it. Who was in it? Saquon was mine. No, who? It was the three of us. Yeah. Alright, so we need, we need to do it again. We need to hit it again. I like Joe Mixon. Joe Mixon. I like that pick too. Good job. That's a good pick. Great pick. I will do JK Dobbins. Should I go running back or wide receiver? Do whatever you feel buddy. Yeah. Follow your heart. Devante Adams. Okay. Oh, against the Patriots. The best speech of all time. The realest speech of all Time. Best speech of all time. Patriots D is not good. If there was gonna be like a let's get on the right page. It would be this. Yeah. Memes, what do you think? I love it. Three touchdown game.

(1h 45m 47s):
Three for Devonte. Yeah. Three touchdowns, Two plus TDS is plus six 50. Alright. Three Plus TDS is 30 to one. What is what? Who? What's the standings for our, so we'll have the DraftKings in DraftKings Sportsbook we'll have the TD parlay. We're one in, oh, in our last one. What are the standings for the season long competition I'm in last, oh No, The season long competition. Big. Cat eight and six. Myself eight and six. PFT and Hank six and eight. Max four, nine and one mm. Max PFT went oh and two last week. The rest of us won 1, 4, 9 and one max. Yeah. No, I, I haven't got a total.

(1h 46m 28s):
Right. Once all year. Haven't got one total. Right. And you've been taking unders? I've got, I've been, I was doing mostly unders. I've, last week I did an over to try and combat all of my bad unders. I've been terrible. In your own head? Yep. All over my own head. Okay. Who's up first? Mr. Commenter? I will take the Denver Broncos minus nine and a half at home against the Carolina Panthers. Mm. Okay. I will take the Miami Dolphins minus three and a half at home against the Arizona Cardinals. I will take the Kansas City Chiefs minus nine and a half against the Raiders.

(1h 47m 11s):
I know the Chiefs don't have a great record. I might be making this up. Do they not have a good record when they have big spreads? Yeah, it's like Big spreads but The business but the, yeah. Yeah. Patrick Mahomes we're gonna handle, take care of business. Come with the frog. Yeah, we're gonna handle it. When we handle it. We're gonna take the bills minus three. I am going to take the Browns plus eight and a half. Hmm. I like that. I like that. Pick of Luck Max And Jets. Patriots Over 41. Ah, I wanted that one. Fuck Sunday Night Football under 46 and a half. Part of my take. Bull. Let's, let's have some fun over 43 and a half in the Bears Commanders.

(1h 47m 54s):
Mm, I like that. Okay, I'll do over 40 and a half Saints chargers. I'm gonna go under 41 Jets. Patriots. Three touchdowns for Devonte. No scores for the Patriots. Should We do three touchdowns in the TV playlist? That'd be wild. That would be wild. Okay, those were all of our picks. Let's do fantasy Fuck boys. And then we'll get to an awesome interview with Jon Gruden

(1h 48m 20s):
Fantasy Fuck Boys. Brought to you by our friends at Body Armor Segment is brought to you by Body Armor, sports Water, the alkaline water that provides real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody's always drinking it around the office, the sports drink, the zero sugar and even the Flash iv. After a long weekend, we can't get enough body armor. The sport water. In my opinion, it's the best water on the market. Head on over to your local seven 11. Get your Body armor sports water today.

(1h 48m 46s):
What's up we, what's Up? What's up fucker? My name's Rocco. Ariba de What's up Rocco? What's Up My stardom this week? Ghost Energy. Oh, ghost. Okay. Ghost Time sponsor Hit. They just got sold to Keurig for a Billy. A Billy A Billy Holy Best Energy drink in the game. Shit. I guess they're gonna turn into Keurig pods. don. Don't fucking know how that works. That Rock Go Ghost. Also, it's Keurig Dr. Pepper. Way to go. Ghost. Who knew that was a company together? That's Wild. That is wild. Nice. Sitm. Bronny. James. Yeah. What You got your photo op? You didn't even dap up bro. LeBron on the way in yet. Yeah. Left him hanging.

(1h 49m 26s):
You got your picture. You're never playing again. Bud would've Been great though if you'd stepped in, knocked down one three and then the crowd goes nuts. You check yourself out. Get ready to learn kind buddy. I I saw stat. He had a better plus minus than his dad though. Oh shit. He almost had that. He had one offensive rebound. I think. Skip Baylor said Michael Jordan would out. Intangible. Bronny in one-on-one. Oh. I tend to believe it. Shit. My sleeper. Jake Bobo. Bobo Bobo the clown. Bobo. You're Bobo sexual Bobo's gonna score no dk Bobo's gonna step in on the depth shot. Love it. Like It Fun to say. Put him In your lineup. Put him to score Bobo time. Bobo time Bobo.

(1h 50m 6s):
I like it. Bobo Bobo. T What's up dickhead? It's Gucci. Ucci. What's Up Gucci? This week I'm starting Eli Manning. Eli Manning is starting for me. He's on the short list of 50 guys for the Hall of Fame. Eli's getting closer to the Hall of Fame. Shit. I just want to see the bus that they designed of Eli Manning. He's gotta have the mouth open. He's gotta have the hair all messed up. We need the manning face. Why catch up? I'm sitting Cardi B I'm not talking about ca tank. Bigsby. Cartus bigsby. I'm talking about the singer Cardi B. She's being investigated by the SEC for crypto fraud. Oh shit. Some prayers. And then my Sleep. I thought that was gonna be the one that made us rich.

(1h 50m 47s):
It probably was. It was Waco. Damn. WP Waco. I liquidated all my Waco damnit at the wrong time. Damnit. They tried to do a pump and dump and I'm not talking about that shit that got boned by 20 guys. My sleeper this weekend is going to be Joe Mixon. I feel like Joe Mixon goes off. And as inaccurately reported on part of my take on Monday, the individual at Lambeau Field was not kicked out. He was kicked out momentarily. Ah. They brought him back. They said you didn't do anything wrong. You didn't, you were protecting your house. You was standing in your ground. You're welcome. Back in the front row. Congrats to that guy. Alright. My What's up you fuckers. My name's Frankie Roast Beef. Hey Frankie.

(1h 51m 27s):
Ah. My stardom is Bryce Maximus James. 'cause guess what? He's gonna be in the NBA at some point. I'm gonna call my shot right now. Good For him. Feels like he's gonna get drafted and get in the NBA. The kid don don't know. I just got a feeling about this one. The kids earned It. The kids earned it. My sit is Zach. Edie, he fouled out in 15 minutes. That's tough. That's so everyone who, everyone who, who watched Zach Ed and the Big 10 said they fucking don't call fouls. He went one game to the NBA and he finally called fucking fouls. It's very interesting. Feels Good. It is very interesting. Feels Real fucking good. My sleeper is JK Dobbins. He's gonna score the chargers. All the, all the chargers. Offense gonna score, score, score, score, score, score, score.

(1h 52m 7s):
I love that. Charge up. JK Rowling. LeBron stuff was ridiculous. So it was a cool moment for LeBron. Like a good, it was a good family moment for LeBron. But then everyone else had to participate in LeBron James'. Awesome. Family moment. It and, which is fine. You can make us, he's earned the right to like basically tell the Lakers what to do. Yes. Because he's been arguably the best player of all time. And you've, you've got to see like Bronny grow up from the time that LeBron was starting in the league. So it's, it's a cool story but to act like it's a great moment that Bronny made it to the NBA. Yeah. And there there is obviously also the health scare thing with Bronny last year where he like his heart stopped. And so it does add to it being a cool moment for LeBron.

(1h 52m 49s):
For LeBron for LeBron. But we don't have to act like Bronny is an actual NBA player. That's the big part. Yeah. It's all for LeBron. Yeah. None, none of this was for Bronny. I feel bad for Bronny in a weird way. 'cause like he's, he knows it. But anyone who was saying this was like the coolest thing they've ever seen. I thought so When he got drafted I was like, oh, that's a cool moment. You know, that's, that's fun. And I was not, I wasn't totally against all of this. I thought that Bronny stupidly thought that Bronny would start in the G League and would be in the G league for a while. I it the where it flipped for me, where I was like, this is fucking ridiculous. Everyone just stopped like sucking LeBron's dick here and pretending like this is a monumental thing.

(1h 53m 33s):
Is that they put him in in the first game. Yeah. That was like, come on. Yeah. It was First fucking game. Do You think that the original plan was send him to the G league and then after he has one really good game, bring him up and act like he, he earned the right to be on the roster. The, if Bronny had gone to the G league and worked on his game and he's probably not talented enough to be in the NBA regardless. But say he works on his game for a year, two years. LeBron says, I'm gonna retire LeBron's last game in the NBA. He's like, Hey, I would like my son to be on the court with me. That's an awesome moment. And. it it, that's a great moment. I actually think that even, even the biggest haters amongst us, right? If, if Bronny had gotten into the game, gets one shot and he hits it, that would've been awesome.

(1h 54m 15s):
Right? That That's an checked awesome Moment. That would've been a very cool moment. It's like the, the student manager getting in in the last game of a high school game and just heating up from three for no reason. Yeah. But this was just so manufactured and not real that it just don don't know. First game was just so weird to me. But It is a cool moment for LeBron. For LeBron. It's an insanely cool moment for LeBron family. I think it's better that he went played in his first game. Well I don't think he should have been on the roster in The first game, but, but you can just get it out of the way because if he was in the G League then that would be the whole story. Yeah. I guess for like a while I don know, which would be like, when is Bro gonna get get called up? When is he gonna get that, that game with LeBron? Like, when are we gonna have that moment now that it's out of the way now he can like just Focus.

(1h 54m 56s):
Yeah, maybe if you were Bronny, like, I know you can't do this, but I would've said, Hey dad, don't make me get drafted to your team. Let me go be in the G league on another team. I I agree with Max though. If you're gonna do it better to get it outta the way it seems. Just have a game one seems So weird already happened now. It already like the moment is already there. We would be talking about it all the time. Like, when is Brony has one good game and they're like, oh they're gonna bring him up now. It was very funny watching him check into the game too. Seeing that Brony is like probably nine inches shorter than LeBron. Yeah. It just seems so fake. That's all. Alright, let's I I like JJ though, pretending that he didn't know that Brony was gonna check. Yeah, that was Funny. Yeah. Alright, let's get to our great interview with Jon Gruden. Before we do that, Pitta, you got a quick add?

(1h 55m 36s):
Yeah.

(1h 55m 36s):
Before we get to Jon Gruden, he's brought to you by Chevy. Chevy trucks are the best and there's a reason why we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because for part of my take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Well, Silverado's a partner. It's a partner that you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take Jobs, adventures and other shenanigans. They were a ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. They helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. That was last year at Grit Week. And they sponsor the Low Man Award and shout out the Low Man award. We're gonna get into that with Jon Gruden for a little bit. And this year the Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. It's got legendary grit and it's also got the modern truck tech inside and out. It's got the biggest screens up to eight cameras with 14 different views. They help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. That is a good looking truck. So head over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or your Silverado hd. Check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado. Go to chevy.com. Build your own today.

(1h 56m 42s):
And now here's Jon Gruden. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. He is Super Bowl champion, head coach Jon. Gruden. Coach Gruden, thank you for joining us. Let's start the, with this, can I still call you coach? Is that, is that still okay for us to call you coach during this interview? That's perfectly fine. Yes, sir. Okay. Alright. So you, we have a ton of questions. Very excited to have you on. Let's start with this. You, you're, you're, you're zooming in right now from the fired, what, what do we call it? The Fired Football Coaches Institute? Yeah, It's the association. It's the FFCA. Don't you know, man.

(1h 57m 23s):
Okay. So the FFCA, so for people who don't know, you have set up basically a facility that looks almost like a coach's facility at a, at at, at a team where there's offices in different rooms. So what, what exactly like made you decide to start this and what does a day to day look like in the FFCA? Well, when I got fired by the, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, I got into Monday night football. I needed a place to go and study and put all my game plans and my servers and memorabilia. So I bought a building and it's kind of taken off from there. But we bring in a lot of coaches, players, college players, pro players.

(1h 58m 3s):
We collaborate on football, study football. And during the season we have a routine. During the off season, we have a routine. And right now we're just grinding, getting ready for next week's games. I love that. So, yeah. So you're basically not coaching, but you're going through the motions of what a coach would do every single week. I that's, that's perfect. That's exactly right. I have two servers. I think I'm the only human being that has these servers where you can put cutups from years past. You can continue to make cutups from last week's games, offensive cutups, defensive cutups blocking scheme, red zone, you name it. And when the players start coming in, in the off season, I have everything ready to go.

(1h 58m 45s):
And we can start analyzing and, and studying things specifically. That's so cool. That's, that sounds like a, a great setup that you guys have down there. So you're grinding the tape, you're going through it like you would an actual coach. Do you have like a, a staff? Is there a hierarchy of like, who's the head fired football coach? Well, I'm the head man here. I pay the bills. So if you pay the electricity, you know, you get the big desk. I got the big room here. But I have my assistant Jeff Leonardo, who was with me at Monday night with me with the Raiders. He's my only full-time employee. I can't afford a full staff right now, but we're working hard, man. We're on our way back and we're, we're eager for that next opportunity down the road.

(1h 59m 25s):
So your YouTube channel, Gruden loves football. I, I love it because it's, it's you talking into the camera and getting sweaty, getting really intense and don don't know how much of it you put on as an act, but I choose to believe that it's a hundred percent authentic. That you're sitting there in the dark watching, you know, quarterback film and you're just sweating thinking about how good they are. Is that fair? It's pretty much accurate. I, I love to do three or four games a week and you know, I think to do a decent job, you gotta study every team's offense and every team's defense. You gotta study the matchups, you gotta look at the red zone, short yardage, goal line, two minute drill. You gotta look at the rotation of players, the injury list. And what it does is it keeps me on schedule, keeps me up abreast as to who's doing what in the NFL.

(2h 0m 11s):
Where personnel is going, who's emerging, who's declining and it's stimulating. I love it. And the channel's name Gruden loves footballs is about as accurate as you can call it. I'd say that because I still do love the game even though don don't have a team. Yeah, We, we love guys who love football. I mean we love football too. Sometimes football doesn't love us back, but we absolutely love guys who love football and I think you fit the bill more than anybody. Yeah, Well you guys do too. I love watching your show. You guys are a little bit more harsh, a little bit more critically honest than me. But I love it man. I absolutely love it. Some of the things that you guys say, I kind of say behind closed doors sometimes. Yeah, I think it's, I think it's mutual.

(2h 0m 52s):
We got a lot in common. So, So you said something there that I want to go back to. You said next opportunity. Are you actively trying to get back into coaching? Because I would, I we would love to see you back on a sideline. How's that process going and is it NFL, is it college or is it whoever's gonna give you that next opportunity? Yeah, I try not to overanalyze it. I just try to, I just try to stay ready and, and, and be ready to go. If, if that opportunity does arise, I know this, I'll be ready to go. But in the meantime I'm having a blast. Yeah. I really am. I, I enjoy what I'm doing. I've had a chance to spend some time with my wife, see a little bit of the sights and I've even got my golf game now where it's pretty competitive, so I like that.

(2h 1m 34s):
Okay, alright. Are you still waking up at three 17 in the morning every day? I'm a little bit later than that, but it's, it's four o'clock in the morning. I like to get in and get out. I like to have a day left when I get outta work. I like to come in here when there's nobody up, nobody's around. I can pound the film for four or five hours, get a workout and go do something else. That's Great. So let's talk about the NFL right now. What are, what are some of the big picture trends that you're seeing? I know you're not a fan of the RPO game and, and the clapping cadence. I, I read that. What, what, what's your gripe with that and, and, and what do you think you know, is missing in today's NFL? Well, I don't like passing plays with the offensive line run blocking.

(2h 2m 17s):
I don't like seeing quarterbacks getting their ass knocked off because of this ridiculous protection offense that I'm watching. That's what RPO stands for me. I mean, when you blitz a run play the quarterback gets rocked and some of these hits and some of these injuries that quarterbacks are getting running the ball. It, it makes me sick. I just saw another kid in Washington get hurt yesterday. But anyways, I try to look at the RPO game. I, I don't wanna see Friday night offense in high school all day Saturday and then see it on Sunday. I wanna see these NFL quarterbacks drop back to pass, throw an array of routes with different route trees and audibles.

(2h 2m 59s):
I wanna see a professional style of pass offense. I don't wanna see the Friday, Saturday night football. Yeah. So, so which quarterback right now do you think fits that mold the best? Who's, who's playing at the top of their game? Man, don don't even think it's close. I, I did a thing with the Detroit Lions last week. I think Jared Goff is starting to look like Joe Montana to me. He plays with continuous movement. He completes almost every single pass. He's tough as hell. He has continuity in the same system. He knows and anticipates what plays are gonna be called. They move the ball around man, they throw it to the tight end, both backs. They throw it to all these different receivers. They have a real impressive, balanced offense.

(2h 3m 39s):
But I don't even think it's close. I got golf way up there on my list. Yeah, He's been on fire And he is interesting because, you know, he, he was okay in la He was not a bad quarterback for the Rams. And then you've seen that, you know, they kind of cast him aside. They said they wanted somebody who can win them a Super Bowl. They got Stafford Golf goes up to Detroit, kind of forgotten about. And then he gets better and better as the years go on. And it's just kind of a reminder that not always, you know, you can't take a 23-year-old and say like this is the peak of their ability. They're going to continue to improve. So how do you do that? How do you weigh that as a coach saying we've got this guy who's supposed to be really good, all the physical tools, but he's just not getting it done when he's 23, 24 years old.

(2h 4m 21s):
How do you, how do you get through that spot and give that guy another chance or a chance to improve until like their late twenties, early thirties? Well, I was shocked that they traded golf personally. I, I wasn't on board with that trade. I mean, not only did they trade golf, they traded three first rounders with golf. And I see where the lions are now and I see where the Rams are now. And right now I'd rather be with Detroit. But you know, golf did take 'em to the Super Bowl and Bill Belichick and the Patriot Defense did a great job playing that four three defense, what they hadn't shown a lot during the season. And they stymied the Rams and I know Matt Stafford's got a cannon and I, I love watching him wing it. But obviously the longevity, the mobility of Stafford now isn't what it was three years ago.

(2h 5m 7s):
But I would've hung in there with golf. Personally, he's a great a guy. He's smart as hell. He's a great competitor and he is young and it's hard to depart with a quarterback that has that much upside and future in my opinion. Yeah. So that, it's a good point. Obviously the Rams won a Super Bowl but they did trade a lot of first round picks and you know, a little bit mortgage, a little bit of the future. You, for people who don't know because you know, we have fans that maybe were very young at the time you were traded from the Raiders to the Bucks for a hall. Like it's actually shocking to look at 'cause I don't think that would happen in today's NFL when you got traded, how, what was it, it was two first round picks, right?

(2h 5m 47s):
And, it was some, it was some more picks on top of that. Did you, when that happened, when that all went down, was there a part of you like, this might bite me in the ass going down the line because I'm going to Tampa, which is a great team, won a Super Bowl, but I'm also hurting myself four or five years down the line because we're giving up all these picks to the Raiders where I'm leaving. Yeah, I mean that was brutal. I mean we won the Super Bowl our first year. We had a hell of a defense. Our offense came around, but you know when the season is over and you gotta get ready for the draft and you don't have a first round pick and then whoops, you don't have a second round pick and then you don't have a first round pick or a second round pick the next year.

(2h 6m 30s):
That's tough when you see the Saints bringing in Drew Brees and Jeremy Shockey and the Falcons are bringing in Michael Turner and Tony Gonzalez and John Abram and people forget, at that time Carolina was a pain in the ass man. They had Julius Peppers and Mike Rucker and Steve Smith and Moose and Muhammad two great backs. They represented the NFC in the Super Bowl. So yeah, you're right. That was, that was a tough time when you sacrifice that much draft capital, it came back, it can come back and bite you pretty good. Yeah, It's, it's pretty shocking to look back at it. It was two first rounds, two second rounds and $8 million like that. That wouldn't happen in today's NFL. I feel like teams are a lot more protective of their picks and, and the way to get better is through the draft.

(2h 7m 17s):
But that defense and that Super Bowl team was incredible and flags fly forever. Where would you rank that your Buck's defense in terms of all time defenses? Because you guys were an absolute wrecking crew. Four Hall of Famers, maybe a fifth if you wanna say Simeon Rice could, could eventually end up there. There. Where do you rank them though, in all time defenses? Well, selfishly I'd rank 'em very high. I try not to get into all the nostalgia. I mean, I don't know the 75 Steelers, the Dolphins, the 17 and Old Dolphins. I mean you, you don't know those teams. The Chicago Bears, the 85 Bears, unbelievable. I, we lost to the Ravens in the a FC championship game when I was with Oakland.

(2h 7m 58s):
They were really good. But what we did with that defense guys is we scored touchdowns on defense. I knew we had a hell of a defense. We didn't have a hell of a team. When I got to Tampa, we had a hell of a defense And. we challenged the defense, if you're that good, why don't you start scoring touchdowns? I mean pick up the ball and run it back for a touchdown. Don't just intercept the ball, get a block and score. And I challenged him, this is no kid. And I said, Hey, I want nine touchdowns, And. it really pissed him off. They're like, who the hell is this guy coming in here telling us to score nine touchdowns? And I'll never forget this, when Dwight Smith intercepted Gannon for the last time in the Super Bowl, ran it back, Warren Sapp grabbed me and he said, you want nine touchdowns?

(2h 8m 43s):
There's number nine. They scored nine touchdowns. But I think that's what the, that's what really separated us from other defenses is not only did we stop the run and we're really tough against the past, but we scored touchdowns. Yeah, I love that you spoke it into existence. You said, I believe you can get nine and they, in the back of their head, they might have subconsciously believed you the entire time. That's, it's pretty crazy. So when you were on the Bucks, you had Mike Alstot, one of our favorite players of all time, and I believe John Lynch was your safety at the time. Did you have a rule in practice that they weren't allowed to hit each other? Yeah, I tried to make sure those two guys didn't hit each other because I wanted to save those hits for Sunday.

(2h 9m 26s):
But we had a lot of etiquette rules. And, we tried to enforce 'em probably harder than I ever had done before because it was so competitive. This was an, this was an alpha defensive team who had taken great pride in punishing the offense twice a day in training camp and throughout the off season. But when I got there, we had to make sure they stay away from the quarterback And. we try to protect each other. And that's pretty common around the league. Yeah. Yeah. I, I got a, this is a question from our, our friend Steven Che, who's a diehard Bucks fan who loves you. He wanted, he wanted me to have you, I'm gonna read a play call out to you and he wants you to, to explain exactly what it means.

(2h 10m 8s):
Some real football, nitty gritty stuff. Green, right X shift to Viper 3 8, 2 x stick luki, It's XY lookie look, lookie, Lookie, lookie Green. Right? XX was a tag that switched the Z and the X. So McArdle and Keyshawn Johnson would switch sides. So green was the backfield set. It was an I formation green, right X, our two receivers switched when we shifted the Viper, right? Viper, our empty backfield sets were named after snakes at that time. So we had Cobra, Viper, Python, we had a lot of different reptiles and snakes you see. But it was green, right? X shift to Viper, right And it was three 80 or 3 82 at that time, which was the protection.

(2h 10m 54s):
And X stick was on one side and lookie was on the other. It was a pick a side play for the quarterback. But Greenwright X shifted Viper, right? 3 82 x stick lookie. The only guy that ever had a hard time calling that play was Chris Sims. And unfortunately they caught me on video getting ticked off about it. Well yeah, you basically, you basically reinvented algebra just in, in the name of football plays they get, they get like so long. But you are a math guy. I remember I saw a video you can count backwards by threes from any number. No I can do it by four. I can go forward better than backward. But don don't have a lot of intelligence. I will say this, when I did Monday night football for nine years, I studied different terminologies.

(2h 11m 38s):
I grew up in Bill Walsh and Mike Holmgren's 49 er West coast system, which is very wordy at times. But for the six or seven years, the last six or seven years, I started studying new terminologies, new ways to streamline it so we could get outta the huddle and be quicker. And our new terminology that we had with the Raiders those last couple years, if you get with Darren Waller or Hunter Renfro or Derek Carr, it was, it was a lot easier to say I do believe. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. 'cause sometimes they do, it sounds like they go on for like five seconds of the play clock. I'm like, we need to shorten this down a little bit. Get up to the line of scrimmage. You were talking about the the RPOs, how you don't like, you know, that that new evolution of the game.

(2h 12m 20s):
Is there something in the game like a new wrinkle that you're looking at and you're saying, hey this is actually really cool. I think that this actually has a future. Well don't get me wrong, I think the RPOs are great until you see a lot of man coverage or you start seeing some blitzing because your quarterback has to hold the ball and sometimes the protection breaks down. But I like tempos. I like changing of speeds. I like the no huddle offense, don't get me wrong. And I do like having three different tempo speeds where you have maybe 15 or 20 words in every game plan where you say the word man, you say Tina Turner or you say Bruce Springsteen and that means everything.

(2h 13m 1s):
Formation, play everything. And we're gone, man. Before you could even say PTI, it's gone. I mean we're playing fast and then we get up there And, we might slow the tempo down, use a dummy count and try to read the defense's mail a little bit. And then we might use some motions, maybe two or three motions and milk it all the way down to six seconds to try to get into the perfect play and take advantage of that coach to quarterback walkie talkie. But I love the teams that change speeds. I'm very interested in Seattle with this grubs cat from Washington. I think they're doing some of this and they tore Atlanta up the other day. And I think they're kind of on the cutting edge of what I'm talking about in terms of changing up the speeds to keeping these defensive coordinators off balance.

(2h 13m 49s):
You know, these defensive guys, they have a hard time calling plays until they know what personnel is on the field. And I give the defensive guys a hard time 'cause they're not as smart and and intelligent as us offensive guys. So the more we can screw with these guys in terms of changing speeds and in personnel, the more you can have success. So, so you mentioned Seattle. Is there another offense that you've watched the tape of and you're like, they're doing something different and special and watch out for these guys? Because I love, I love whenever a coach comes on and tells us that like, hey, this is what we're not seeing right now. It might not be, they may not be the best team in the league, but what they're doing is something that's different that everyone's gonna eventually probably copy.

(2h 14m 35s):
Well, I, I went up to Kansas City and spent five or six days with the chiefs in training camp. Andy's a good friend of mine and they afforded me that opportunity. I, I just think the way that they practice, the way that they work behind the scenes, they're on the cutting edge and they have been able to adapt to so many incredible, I mean, incredible changes on their offense. Left tackle, they're playing a rookie. They lose pacheco, they lose their receivers. I mean, it's amazing what they've been able to accomplish as they reinvent their offense. But I always love watching them and I like watching Kyle Shanahan's stuff on first and second down. I think their run and play action pass marries together really good.

(2h 15m 18s):
I enjoy watching that. And I like LaFleur honestly up in Green Bay. And I've been, you know, keeping some tabs on Houston a little bit too here lately. Although they kind of disappointed me yesterday late in the game. Yeah, yeah. What was the so, so about that Houston, like, they have all the talent in the world. CJ Stroud is a very good quarterback, but it has looked clunky at times. What's it, you know, offensive line has not been great. What I, let me actually ask you this. What, what do you do when your offensive line is not great? How do you fix it in season knowing you can't get help from free agency, you can't probably get a trade 'cause offensive linemen don't get traded like that. What is, what is a fix from a coaching perspective for an offensive line that's getting your quarterback killed?

(2h 16m 2s):
Man, it's hard. You know, it's very hard when you lose some linemen. I'm watching the New Orleans Saints, they've lost four or five linemen. Yeah, it's hard to call, plays hard to run, hard to run block, hard to pass, protect and the way we have to practice guys. That's what ticks me off as a, as a coach. I fought a little bit with people behind the scenes about not being able to wear pads during training camp or not being able to pad it up twice a week during practice. I'm not talking about every period, but being able to go out there there and work on some stunt pickups, some one-on-one pickup with pass protection. You know, when you just think you're gonna go out there in shorts and have a walkthrough and have eight or nine, you know, stunts in shorts pickup and then go out there and pick up Micah Parsons screaming in the A gap.

(2h 16m 45s):
You're whistling Zippity dude dials your butt. You know what I mean? So past protection is falling apart right now, I think because of the way we're practicing and the injuries that are occurring now. I've never seen before. I've never seen so many big guys miss time. I remember certain seasons where lineman never missed a snap. Yeah, yeah. So when you're watching this tape o obviously you're an offensive guy and you, your eye goes to the offense. I like to also think that you still have that, that football coach mentality where you see a great defensive player and you actually get scared watching him. You're like, oh shit, this guy's, this guy's gonna gimme nightmares. I'm gonna wake up tomorrow. Think about Micah Parsons. Is there anybody else in the NFL right now that's, that's has that effect on you where you watch them and you're like, I'm really glad I don't have to coach against this guy?

(2h 17m 32s):
Well, my favorite players don don't know where I, I, I love Micah Parsons when he plays. I mean he's, his motor's in insane. You know, I really like guys like Fred Warner of the 49 ERs. I got a lot of respect for him how he plays the game. Chris Jones Bosa, I'm talking about Nick Bosa in San Francisco. Those guys are incredible players and I do like the two inside linebackers of the chiefs. If you ever get a chance to watch Tranquil and Bolton, they'll kick your ass man. And they know what they're doing and they cover for each other. They're great communicators. And right now they just don't make any missed tackles. They're sure tackling guys, but Buddha Baker in Arizona is one of my favorite players.

(2h 18m 16s):
I love watching him play. I like this mafia guy Maa out in Seattle. Yeah, I didn't know much about 'em until I started studying these Seahawks. Dexter Lawrence is the one guy though I would say that is probably the one one guy we would struggle with the most. If you don't have a guard, if you don't have a center, you're in trouble against the Giants because that guy's pretty good man. Yeah. And what about Gruden grinders? Are you still awarding Gruden grinders? Yeah, Yeah we do. We try to pick five Gruden grinders in college and five or six in the pros every week. And, we try to pick, you know, the Gruden grinder criteria. You gotta be a off the radar kind of guy. You gotta be a, a teamwork kind of guy.

(2h 18m 57s):
Versatile, smart, tough, mentally tough guy. That's clutch. So we're always looking for Gruden grinders. Do you have, do you have like a, a number one Gru and Grinder in the NFL right now? Well right now it'd be hard to say. It's only seven games into the season. But you know the little running back in, in Tampa, this Bucky Bird. Bucky, yes. Yeah, He's starting to, he's starting to really fire me up. You know this guy, he's starting to catch the ball better. He is picking up blitzes a little bit better and if he hangs onto the ball, I know he had that big fumble against Atlanta, but if he hangs onto the Rock, he's, he's gonna be on my old Gruden grinder team. It's also fun to say Bucky Irving. Yeah, it's just a good name.

(2h 19m 38s):
Yeah, It's a great name. Yeah, it's,

(2h 19m 40s):
We'll get back to Jon Gruden in a moment. He's brought to you by BLUECHEW. You can have better sex with BLUECHEW. BLUECHEW is the original brand offering chewable tablets. There are erection enhancing tablets that help men achieve stronger, harder, longer lasting erections for sexual activities. And it's all done from the comfort of home. With BLUECHEW, you can say goodbye to performance anxiety, say hello to stronger, longer lasting erections. These chewable tablets have the same active ingredients that you're gonna find in Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra, but they're in a chewable form and a fraction of the cost. Bluetooth's all about having confidence when it comes time to perform and having happy and healthy relationships. Bluetooth subscriptions include a free online consultation, 24 7 medical support delivery straight to your door every month. Chew it and do it. Carry that erection high and tight, not like a loaf of bread. BLUECHEW it and do it. If you want more confidence in the bedroom, use code PMT for your first month for free. Your first month is free when you use promo code pmt at BLUECHEW dot com. Check 'em out. Thank you to BLUECHEW for sponsoring the pod

(2h 20m 41s):
Jon. Gruden also being brought to you by Uber Eats, where you can get almost anything. It's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites like Little Caesar's, if you're craving even more, they've got you covered. They have game day deals on burgers, tacos, wings, and more. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand food delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms taxes, fees supply. See app for details this week you can enjoy. Buy one Ultimate Supreme, get one extra most bestest pepperoni pizza free from Little Caesar's only on Uber Eats. It's a great deal. Buy one Ultimate Supreme, get one extra most bestest pepperoni pizza for free from Little Caesar's only on Uber Eats. And now here's more Jon Gruden.

(2h 21m 25s):
We, we gotta get you. So we, we give out a yearly trophy award to the full back of the year in college football. We, if you like, we'd love to have you be of a voter on the, on the award. It's called the Low Man Trophy. And, and we've got some guys who are playing the NFL now. Hunter Lepke won it. He's on the Cowboys. Alec Ingold on the Dolphins. So we we're, we're trying to shine some lights on the guys that probably aren't getting a lot of publicity. Well, we had Alec Ingold. I coached Alec in the Senior Bowl when he was coming outta Wisconsin. We signed Alec and don. Don't know why the Raiders let him go, but he's a poor man's use check. Use check is my favorite fullback of all Yeah.

(2h 22m 5s):
The things that he does in San Francisco. It's insane, man. He's, he's Whamming the nose tackle. He's reaching the defensive in. I like him. I like the big guy in, in Baltimore too. This Patrick Ricard Ard. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And I know a Harbaugh down is in Los Angeles. Charger Land is trying to duplicate it with that, that Madock guy they got out of Boise State. Yeah, Alec Ingold is, is is certainly pretty good. I I think he'll benefit when Tua comes back to play quarterback so they can become a little bit more pro style. Yeah, probably. So you mentioned the Harbaughs. Is there any sibling rivalry between the Gruden and the Harbaughs? No, not really. don Don't think so. I we never really crossed paths much with the Harbaughs har coach Harbaugh came to the Raiders after I left, and I did get a chance to spend some time with John Harbaugh and Todd Monk in this off season here at the FFCA.

(2h 22m 58s):
So if you get those guys on your show, you can even ask them. They were, they were here representing the Ravens. Yeah, the Harbaughs. They're good friends of ours. I was just, I was wondering who would win in a fight between the two sets of brothers. I'm not messing with, with Jim Harbaugh. John Harbaugh probably he's, you've seen that guy lately. He looks like he lives in the weight room. Yeah. You know, I'm good friends with Tom Crane also, and Tom Crane, the great basketball coach now, I think he's at ESPN still, but he, he married Harbaugh's sister. So it's quite, it's quite a coaching family that they have. And I'm really, I'm excited to watch the Harbaugh Raven team come in here tonight.

(2h 23m 38s):
They play the Bucks here in Tampa. What about, what about the Ryan Brothers? Do we have any beef with the Ryan Brothers? Because we just love, we love just making up beef where it's brothers coaching brother to duos going up against each other. No, not really. You know, Rex kicked my ass when he was with the Baltimore Ravens in the a FC championship game. He had, they had quite a defense, but I never really got to coach against Rex more than that. I think that one time, and Rob is still with the Raiders. My son Deuce is still with the Raiders. He's one of the strength coaches down there. And if you know Rex or Rob Ryan, you know, those guys are great, man. They are fun. I got to go visit the Jets when Rex was the head coach. He let me come out there when I was doing Monday Night Football.

(2h 24m 20s):
We spent about three days out there. What a staff they had with Mike Westoff and Mike Petton and you know, just a heck of a group of guys. We really enjoyed that. Yeah. We're we're big fans of your son Deuce. We've met him a couple times. He just, whenever, you know, we'd see him. I mean, he's a, he's anco accomplished weightlifter. What does he, what's his weightlifting routine these days? I mean, he's just, he, he feels like he just loves football as much as you and he just found a way into the game through the strength and conditioning. Well, he played football at Lafayette in Pennsylvania and he is a running back and he wanted to be a strength coach. He won the world champion power lifting meet. My wife and I flew to Belarus, if you can believe that he won the strongest man in the world, 180 pound guy with the bench press, the squat and the deadlift.

(2h 25m 6s):
But he still lifts. I remember one time I was down there with the Raiders and Richie Incognito was our strongest player, and Richie had a hard time getting the 455 pounds off his chest because in power lifting it's by commands, it's down. I don't know what the commands are. They say press. So you have to do it from a complete negative. And I remember Deuce knocking up about 4 55 and incognito struggling and all the players giving Richie a hard time. It was, it was pretty cool. But he still lifts, he still trains and I think he's hoping to get back into the competitive part of it. Yeah, we saw him out in, out in LA this year, and he looks just as strong as ever.

(2h 25m 48s):
So his name's not Deuce though, it's John. Did you, and you called him Deuce because he's John the second. Well, that was, that was what everybody thinks when I was coaching for the Green Bay Packers. Sterling Sharp was our best player. He was our receiver. I coached the receivers in Sterling War number two at South Carolina. Everybody called him Deuce. I said, that's a pretty cool name. So I started thinking, you know, John David ii Sterling Sharp, I really named him after Sterling Sharp, to be honest with you. He was a hell of a player. You guys should help get him into Hall of Fame. It's too bad he got hurt. Yeah, yeah. No, he was An incredible in his career. Cut short, speaking of your time in Green Bay and all your travels, you were on part of that coaching staff that had a bunch of head coaches come out of that in the, you know, mid nineties packers in terms of your coaching tree.

(2h 26m 38s):
You got, you know, guys like Mike Tomlin, Raheem Morris, Sean McVeigh, Kyle Shannon. Do you find yourself rooting extra hard for guys that you are under your tree, so to speak? Pretty much. I mean, if it's one of the guys I know against one of the guys that, you know, I'm rooting for my guy. Yeah. What is it, what is it about Mike Tomlin let's, I I, I have a question about him because he just, it's so consistent and every year it feels like the Steelers are in the same spot where, you know, teams discount them and say they got no chance. And then he always just, he, he has a competitive team year in, year out. What is it with Mike Tomlin that has that special sauce that he's always able to get the most out of his team?

(2h 27m 19s):
I think number one, he is a great communicator. He is a great motivator and he is very consistent and he is not a basket case. He doesn't come in different one day and different than next. People believe in him, they trust him and he knows what he's talking about. He's also in a superior organization. You know, they have had a, a, a great organization from top to bottom. And I think he really allows people to do their thing. And he's, he's not one of these abrasive guys. He's, he's, he's just a great communicator. He is a very smart football guy. He knows how to use people and their talents, and he's been very good at delegating when he has to delegate. And he's been very good at taking the, taking the chalk and saying, here's what we're doing.

(2h 28m 4s):
And there's a fine line to that. I think being a great coach, he's overcome the loss of a lot of different offensive co coordinators and now he's putting it together without Ben Roethlisberger, which a lot of people thought he would struggle doing. Yeah. But it's a, I think it's a credit to his imagination, his creativity, his people skills. And nobody's a better competitor than Tomlin. He is a, he's a guy that'll fight you till the end, whether you wanna fight or not. Yeah. He And it, it does feel like history has been kind to Mike Tomlin in the fact that he's had locker rooms with some big personalities that have gone other places. And you're like, how did Tomlin keep that together? Was there, did you call Coach Tomlin when Antonio Brown came to your team and you're like, Hey, w what, what do I do here?

(2h 28m 49s):
Because it didn't feel like he, he was able to push the right buttons with ab and maybe teams after that weren't able to find all the right buttons. Well, you know what, that was probably one of the more disappointing things that I had to go through as a coach. I studied Antonio when I went and watched the Steelers practice when I was doing Monday Night Football. I knew Butch John, I know Butch Jones, who coached Antonio in college. And the work ethic, the practice etiquette, the, the conditioning of this man, the route running, good God. He came to our mini camp and he put on a display when he was on the grass for us, I, I really thought we were gonna win every game.

(2h 29m 29s):
I thought we were gonna complete every pass. He is a certified badass when it comes to running routes. I just think he got later in life and he found some different interests and I don't know what happened. Yeah. But I, I did have some brief conversations with, with Mike, obviously along the way and, you know, I just had hope that putting him in our locker room with some of the veteran leadership that we had, I thought maybe we could, we could really help him take off and take his game to even another level. But you gotta put that on me. It just didn't work out. Yeah. What, what were the updates like for you during that? It felt like two weeks of just chaos. Was there somebody that would come in your office and say, sir Antonio Brown has just arrived in the hot air balloon.

(2h 30m 10s):
He's frozen his foot off. Sir Antonio Brown doesn't like his helmet, sir. Well, you know what the FL was, so the NFL was so kind. They put us on hard knocks. So yeah. You know, we had some characters on that team. We had Richie Incognito and Antonio and Es bur, and we, we really had a great group of guys, but I'd never heard of cryotherapy. I don't know if you guys have heard of it. Yeah. But evidently he burned his feet doing cryotherapy. And I'd never had a player show up on a hot air balloon before. I was excited about that. But everything was different, you know, the helmet we had an issue with, and unfortunately it just did not work out.

(2h 30m 50s):
We never really got to spend enough time together to build a relationship. And that's what I, I regret the most. I felt, had we been able to be around each other maybe a little bit more, perhaps it would've worked out. Yeah. Yeah. You were talking about good organizations like the Sealers you've coached for some good organizations. Your brother Jay, I'll just say he hasn't been as lucky with some of the organizations that he's worked for in the past and the leadership, but from the top down, like what does that look like if you're a head coach and the difference between just a good organization with stable ownership and a bad organization? Like what are the day-Today implications and things that come up when you have to deal with just a, a, a team that might not have it all together?

(2h 31m 30s):
Well, I think that's a great question. Great. I think it all starts with, with communication and knowledge. You know, I think the owner that really, or the owner that hires people that really are on top of the league, the matchups, the rules, the, you know, the playing rules, the scheduling, there's so many details, the financial piece of this and hiring a staff, the facilities, there's a million things that you need to address and to have an, an owner who's around perhaps enough to stay on top of all these issues and really have a competitive edge about it, if you know what I mean.

(2h 32m 13s):
I think those are, those are the places that, that really are a cut above. Yeah. In the like 2010s, early 2010s. The NFL network did a top 100 NFL players of all time. You had Jerry Rice's number one of all time. Is that still the case? Yeah, that would be for me. I mean, I I, I was telling somebody the other day that the thing that Jerry Rice, you know, you hear about some of these receivers now, you know, their stats and all this. Jerry Rice never caught a bubble screen. I don't know if Jerry Rice caught three quick screens either. He didn't want those routes. He was running patterns, man. And the greatest thing about Jerry Rice is I really believe he loved the misery.

(2h 32m 56s):
37, 38 years old, whenever it was, when he came to the Raiders to play opposite Tim Brown. His body didn't feel good. He was sore as hell. He was tired, he was beat up. We were behind, we weren't getting in the ball enough. They were rotating coverage to him. And that's when he kicked your ass. That's when he played his best. When he was miserable, that's when Jerry Rice was the hardest to stop. And I think that's what separates the great ones from the really good ones, is their ability to go out there and just lay it down, man, when they're not at their best. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's a great pick for, for a best player of all time. It was incredible. And you've been around enough football, I mean, you love football so much.

(2h 33m 37s):
You created like a synthetic football team in South Florida that you guys can, can study tape on. You clearly love football. You're a football guy through and through. You've been around so many great coaches who is the top football guy and he might not be the best coach, might not be the best coach that you would think of, but one guy that just eats, breathes and shits football. You talking about living? Yeah. Yeah, Man, that's, that's, that's a good question. I a good Question. I'm going to Bloomington, Indiana this week to find out the best, what the hell's going on with the best story in all of football. That's the Indiana Hoosiers. This Yeah, this s Netti guy, S Netti. He takes James Madison, he's undefeated at James Madison or 12 and one Indiana's seven.

(2h 34m 21s):
And oh man, they just beat Nebraska 56 to seven. Yeah. And I heard this guy absolutely loves it. I'm, I'm gonna try to sneak into practice or sneak around to walk through and find out, but there's so many guys that love it to, you know, to to, to try to rank him right now. I would, I would say that would be tough. Sean McVey, I, I think loves it just after working with Sean, I know how hard he works. Mike Tomlin's, one of the guys that loves it. I think Tomlin would do it for free, to be honest with you. Yeah. But I can't, I can't say, I think Bill Walsh was the number one guy I was ever around. Al Davis would be right up there because of their 24 7 year round the clock passion for it. Yeah. Do you ever give Sean McVay shit because over the years he's changed his voice a little bit to try to sound more like you?

(2h 35m 6s):
No, they just, they gotta start winning some games because since that Super Bowl, I know people quote my one lost record after we won the Super Bowl. Ah, they ain't worth the shit. You know, they gotta, they gotta get back in gear and get back to that Super Bowl and win it. Do you, do you think Sean has gotten a little too pretty with the, you know, facial hair being perfect and, and you know, the perfect hair and he looks like he's put on some muscle? Do you think he's gotten too pretty? Probably. You know, all these guys nowadays they have beards. I couldn't grow, I still can't grow a beard. But all these coaches, I saw Shanahan on TV the other day. He had a beard teach Tomlin's, got a big old beard down there on the field. I liked to clean shaving Bob when I was Bobby Knight's ball boy, when I was a kid, you had to have hair above the ear.

(2h 35m 50s):
You had to have clean facial hair. don don't like all these beards. And even Mike McCarthy, Mike and I worked together at the University of Pittsburgh. Even he's got a big old beard now. So don don't know what the hell kinda styles going on with these coaches. Yeah. What, What were they trying to hide with that beard? Yeah. Wait, you were Bobby Knight's ball boy? I was, my dad coached at Indiana for Lee Corso when I was a kid. And Bobby Knight's son. Tim and I were best friends, so I was one of the ball boys for the Hoosiers. We were 33 and oh by the way, 32 and one Quinn Buckner, Scotty May, Kent Benson, I, I got to be the ball boy for the red team.

(2h 36m 31s):
I Love it. The backup players. And Tim was the, he was the ball boy for the starters and they would kick the red team's ass. So Coach Knight would come in and he would lace some syllables down that I had never heard before. So, Wait, how old were you when this was happening? Dude, I was 10. I was 11 years old. 12 years old. 10, 11 and 12. That's incredible. Would, would, would Bobby Knight ever get mad at you for your ball boy technique? Would he ever be like, what the hell are you doing over there? Gruden? He might get mad. You know, my hair was probably over my ears for one of the bus trips. I think that's the only time he got on my case. So, so what point in, when you were growing up, did you know that you wanted to be a coach?

(2h 37m 11s):
Was it, was it as early as, you know, 10, 11, 12, you're like, this is for me, I love this. I pretty much knew in high school my dad was coaching at Notre Dame. Joe Montana was our quarterback, And, we were beating people, man. And that fight song and going to those Notre Dame games was great. And I kind of realized, you know what, I'm not gonna be an NFL player. I'm not good enough. I was a backup quarterback at University of Dayton and being around that Notre Dame locker room, those kids, the kind of guys that they had, the fact they were winning the tradition, I knew I wanted to do it when I was a junior in high school. Yeah. And that's probably why I wasn't a great student. And, but at least I found my passion and my mom and dad encouraged me to go for it.

(2h 37m 56s):
Wait, so at Dayton, what was your record? What was your team's record against San Diego? We know, we know that that's a big rivalry. We were with Coach Harbaugh during training camp and he, there's a story that he created a rivalry flag without even telling Dayton that he was doing it. And so the, after they beat him one year, they were just like, this is our flag now. And the Dayton coach was like, what do you mean we didn't, you just created that. And that's, he wanted to juice up the rivalry. But how'd you guys do against San Diego? Well, that was before we were in that conference. Okay. See, we did not play San Diego. But the funny thing about San Diego, Diego's, when I was coaching for the Bucks, there was a quarterback at San Diego I kinda liked, so I called Harbaugh and he said, hell yeah, he's pretty good.

(2h 38m 38s):
So we drafted him Tampa Bay in a fifth round and the sucker's still playing. His name is Josh Johnson. Yeah, he's played for about 25 years. I think he's played for every team in the league now. And that's unbelievable, isn't it? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That is. What is it though? Like, I, I love Josh Johnson. He seems like a good guy. You wouldn't get all these jobs if you were a bad dude. He's obviously a professional coaches like him, teammates like him. Why hasn't a guy like that been able to stick around with one team? I don't think he throws it personally. I don't think he throws it consistently great. I think when you go watch him, you're like, what the hell's wrong with your, he has a nice throwing motion. He has a good arm, don't get me wrong, but it's not a pretty smile spiral.

(2h 39m 21s):
It's not always accurate. But you know what, every time he, I see him in a game. The guy comes alive when the lights are on, man, he's really something. He's a gamer. I think he's a guy that can survive on a few reps. He probably just lacks the talent, the elite talent to be an everyday starter. Yeah. Yeah. I just feel like a, a backup quarterback like that, that's proven that they can be a, a good backup. Even an emergency guy that you put in, that guy should have a job as a backup on a consistent team. Yeah. He still has a job right now. Yeah. I mean, he's still in the league. Yeah. And matter of fact, when Jay was coaching, I think his last year in Washington, they got decimated. Alex Smith got hurt, Haskins got hurt. Colt McCoy got hurt.

(2h 40m 1s):
They brought in Sanchez, I think, and he ended up signing Josh Johnson and he played really good the games he got in. Yeah. Yeah. So what about you coach? Do you have a coach? Are you, have you been at the top of, of your own coaching hierarchy for, for a while and you don't have somebody that that's barking orders at you and, and screaming at you? Well, my wife, you should see how that's going, fellas. I mean, she's tough. My wife's a, my wife's a, she cheered at Tennessee, that's where I met her. She's five feet tall. She's a cute little gal and she's running the show now. I'm just, I'm doing my best man. I'm trying to reinvent myself as a more productive, you know, assistant around the house. But she's dancing, she's a ballroom dancer for Fred Astaire and she dances really well and she dances with these really handsome guys.

(2h 40m 48s):
And I'm just kinda, I'm just kind over here cleaning the house. Jealous. W is there ever a moment when you're getting up at four in the morning to go into your facility where she has to be like, Hey, John, you're not, you're not on a team right now. Yeah. Like, you don't have to go in at 4:00 AM That happens a lot. It happens a lot. I mean, Butch Jones brought some of the Arkansas State guys down and dial Loggins from South Carolina, brought a couple of the game cock coaches over. And I, I still look at it like it's the last thing in life, man. Just the opportunity to help somebody get better. You know, that's what, that's what this game has always been for me. You know, you just love bringing in a guy and, and have him play better for you than he did for the other guy.

(2h 41m 31s):
There's something that that really fires me up about that. And you know, when you study something all off season and you can help somebody and you see him use it in a game and have success with it. That's awesome. Wa was, was Rich Ganon the quintessential guy that you just described? Because obviously he, you know, he was not like lighting the world on fire and then you got your hands on him and, and he had some great seasons. Yeah, Gannon was unbelievable, man. I mean, he, he single handedly I think turned that franchise around. I got a lot of credit for some of the good things that happened. But his attitude, his desire to be great, he'd walk in the office, say, what do you got for me? Coach me, gimme something. I mean, he needed tip sheets and the more control we gave him at the line of scrimmage, the more plays, you know, the more personnel groupings, the better he played, the more we asked him to do.

(2h 42m 23s):
I told him one day, I said, one of these days, rich, you're gonna get on the plane and you're gonna hit me right in the chest and say, wait till you see this film. We didn't waste one play. Yeah. And I remember one year we played up in Kansas City, And, we got after their ass. I was sitting in the front of the plane having a cold beer. I was so happy. Gannon walked back toward the plane. He t bumped me right on his chest. He goes, take a look at that film. He just, He loved, he relished supreme execution. I mean, he was so into that. And if he audible to a play where we had four on three or we had, we were on a fast break, we had numbers or he audible for Tim Brown against their weak link corner And.

(2h 43m 4s):
we didn't get it done. He'd be pissed off for a week. You know what I mean? Yeah, Yeah. He Was, he was, he was just into that. He was anally competitive and I absolutely loved every minute of coaching that guy. Yeah. Yeah. Is is there, is there a guy that you've had, I know obviously when you coach guys, you coach 'em hard, that's kinda your style. You, you're gonna yell at everybody, you're going to get in everybody's face. How do you know when there's a guy that maybe can't take as much pushing as you want to give him? And then do you dial it back or are you just like, this guy can't play for me? Yeah, I, I really, I, I don't yell at everybody. I never yelled at Jerry Rice. I really didn't yell at Tim Brown. I'm not gonna yell at Steve Wisnewski or, you know, Barrett Robbins or something. I don't yell a lot of these guys.

(2h 43m 44s):
A lot of it's encouraging sarcasm. I try to piss you off one day. I try to stir the pot, you know what I mean, guys, I try to make you guys laugh. Say something that really make you laugh and I'll try to tick you off the next, the next day, then I might try to fire you up. Might even try to, will you up one day with a teary-eyed little comment or something, you know. But I, I like guys that, that, that, that are emotionally into it, genuine enthusiasm and consistently there while we're out there. I just can't stand going through the motions with these dull, boring meetings and lackluster practices.

(2h 44m 25s):
They drove me nuts. Yeah. So how, how do you stir it up if, if you're going through a, a lackluster meeting, if you've been walking around the building, you know, things are just kind of boring. What, what's your plan? What's your go-to? Do you have like a, a book that you look up, you're like football coach tricks? Do you get on the phone with somebody? Do you, do you talk to another coach or do you just have like, creative energy to, to come up with something weird? Well, creativity's always, I think, been part of being a good teacher. You know, you, you, you don't just run the same play from the same formation with the same drills. You gotta mix it up. And I believe in analogies a lot. I would make videos, you know, talking about competitiveness, might have a don don't know. I might have a lepar, I might have a a, a leopard taking a drink out of a puddle of water and have some alligator come out of Don where snatch that freaking alley snatch that guy right there for a snack, you know?

(2h 45m 16s):
And if you don't, if you're not competing for dinner, man, you ain't competing. But just stupid analogies, having fun with these guys demonstrations, whatever it may be. Using the social media world, there's some unbelievable things. If you have a video guy on your staff or you have somebody that's helping you put together analogies that are relative to the team you're playing, or to the guy you're coaching, the players loved it and they appreciated it, I think deep down somewhere. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so we, this has been awesome, coach. I got a couple last questions for you. The first is the, so I'm a Bears fan, PF t's a Commanders fan, and our producer Hank's the Patriots fan.

(2h 45m 60s):
How, what have you seen from the rookie quarterbacks through, you know, limited sample size, but how are, how are you feeling about K Williams, Jayden Daniels and Drake May going forward? Did, did those franchises get the right guy? I really liked the kid in Chicago, Caleb Williams. I think they gotta protect him better, you know, against good defenses and obvious passing situations. I'm hoping he starts to do a little bit more at the line of scrimmage, fixing protections, getting outta certain protections when he knows there's a blitz coming that they can't pick up. And I think that'll help him big time moving forward. But his ability to throw the ball from awkward deliveries, his accuracy.

(2h 46m 41s):
I wanna see Williams when the weather gets shitty up there in Chicago though. Yeah. That, that to me is gonna be really important because, you know, I've been coached for the Green Bay Packers. I'm telling you, it is cold man. It's hard to throw a ball. I couldn't throw sterling sharp ball drills in pregame. It was too cold for me. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And, and Jaden Daniels, I like Daniels a lot. Obviously he's, he's electrifying, but I, I saw him get hit again. I saw him carry the ball 18 times in that first game against Tampa. I don't wanna see this guy running the ball unless he's scrambling. And I wanna see him protect himself a lot better because he's not the biggest guy, but I'll say this, he has been very impressive throwing and passing and competing.

(2h 47m 25s):
He's just gonna be his own worst enemy. I'd be pissed at him every time he took a hit. You know what I mean, guys? Yeah, yeah. Because that quarterback, he's the only guy on the team that can't play with a sore right shoulder or a jammed left or a jammed right thumb. So we gotta be really careful with him. And, you know, when it comes to Drake, may I just, I think they have a, a long way to go with their offense. They really don't have much firepower at receiver. They don't really have a great offensive line and they're playing behind a little bit. But I thought he showed some poise and he showed some real progress in the last game and a half against Houston and in Jacksonville, out there in London. Yeah. I, I had a last question for you coach.

(2h 48m 6s):
And again, thank you very much for joining us. I hope we can talk to you in person at some point. Yeah, I love that. Come, come watch some football. By the way, what is your setup like for NFL Sunday? Well, I have this YouTube channel as you know, you can go, you get all the games, you can flick back and forth or you can put four four at a time on. So we here at the FFCA, we've got two TVs. We can put the game we really wanna watch on the big one, And, we can put four games on at the bottom and then you can put a couple of your buddies over there in the other room to study the game that you can't study. So they can give you a report at halftime. It's a sick world that I live in. Really? I love it. I love that. I love, do you still love Spider two? Why Banana Spider two?

(2h 48m 47s):
If you have a fullback, that's why I should be on your fullback board. Yeah. Yes. You know, you know I, I'm watching the Rams. No disrespect at the Rams. I've been watching 'em all morning. They're in 11 personnel the whole game. They never have a fullback. Zero, no two back sets. How the hell do you go through a game short yardage yesterday against the Raiders? They get smashed on third and one three straight times. Put the fallback in there and throw a wide banana. Man. What is it about throw a why banana out? What's it about that play that that just makes it unguardable? You know what's great about the play, it's the protection Spider two is the protection spider two, the line slides to the left and the fullback goes to the right in spider two, if we call spider three, the line slides to the right and the back goes to the left.

(2h 49m 33s):
But spider two is an aggressive protection. If you're the right tackle the right guard or the center, you block your inside gap. That's it. And you come down pissed off and knock the crap out of that inside gap. The lineman loved the protection and it's a safe gap protection. And then you have obviously the fullback bluffing and catching the ball. We used to throw a banana just to get Mike Alstot the ball on the sidelines. So I could see Rab Buchanan of the Falcons try to tackle him. I love it. Making these corners tackle Mike Alto. Hell, I didn't want to get in my car and go home unless I had that image in my mind.

(2h 50m 14s):
Yeah, I love it. I love it. All right, so I have one last question.

(2h 50m 17s):
Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs Polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts, row back.com promo code take.

(2h 50m 25s):
This has been so much fun Coach And, we definitely want to have you back on talking football week to week here and there. But I had one last question. Will Compton, you coached him, what do you think about him as a football player? Real football guy. He's a football guy. Yeah. Will Compton, he was the original Gru and Grinder when I started doing that segment on Monday night Football Will Compton's exactly what I'm talking about. It's not gonna be pretty, he's not gonna be Luke, he's not Luke Heley, he's not Fred Warner. He's just not. He's just will freaking Compton. But he gets the job done man. I love it. The guy's productive in any situation and he fights his ass. I love Will Compton you tell him I said hello.

(2h 51m 6s):
I will listen. We gotta like PFT said we gotta get you here to Chicago to our studio. Do in person, maybe watch some football together and then you get to watch We have a con, we have a Will Compton museum in the bathroom here so you can visit it. Oh, maybe you have something that you could put in there, But. yeah, he's got a full handicap stall in the bathroom. It's got all his stats and his, his jerseys. It's a beautiful museum. Yeah. Why don't you tell Wil Compton to put a picture of himself up throwing up after Indiana kicked their ass. 56 7. Oh No, he's in a bad spot right now. Yeah, he's not. He's not. Tell him I said hello. I love your show and thanks for having me on. I hope the ratings don't plummet. No, This could be great. No, it's great.

(2h 51m 46s):
And yeah, we would love to have you come by sometime and thank you so much Coach. It was great talking football With you. Yeah Coach, I'm gonna get your info and we're gonna, I'm gonna send you a text about the, the college football Lowman Trophy because we got Loren O'Neal on there. Mike Stotts on the committee. We would love to have you on there and shine some light on the fullbacks. That would be an honor. Thank you guys.

(2h 52m 7s):
Welcome back to another Fyre Fest of The Week brought to you by our friends over at Morgan and Morgan. You know it really sucks quitting golf for the entire winter. You know what doesn't suck is going to Morgan and Morgan so they can help get, help you get what you deserve. Well they can't help Hank get above the rim. They can help fight to get you full and fair compensation if you're injured. Their fee is free unless they win For. more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or you can dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. For more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone.

(2h 52m 43s):
Okay, let's wrap up. We have Fire Fest of the week, Henry. Yes, Go ahead. Not too bad of a fire fest. Could have been worse. I had a 6:00 AM flight back from Boston yesterday. Oh no. I was staying at my uncle I a place in Cambridge, like not too far from the airport. I was sleeping on an air mattress at his place. I had an alarm set for 4 45. Didn't drink a single beer. I had one single beer it was given to me. Would've been rude to turn it down, but one beer, not bad alarm set for 4 45. It was on vibrate mode. So I did not hear it. My uncle kinda shook me at five 15 and was like, Hey, it's five 15.

(2h 53m 24s):
I had to just instantly wake up, call an Uber right away, run downstairs, get to the airport. The flight stopped boarding at 5 45. I got to the airport at 5 35 and then my fire fest was that I had to be that guy in the line at security that Was Like, Hey, I'm really sorry I have a flight at six. Do you mind? Hey, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Do you have a flight at six? Do you mind? Hey, I'm really sorry, I have a flight at six. Do you mind? You're the worst. And then I had to full sprint to the airport to make it with one minute to spare you the, Did anybody say yes I do mind. No, it was only, it was in the clear line. So it was only like 10, 10 15 people. But I felt horrible doing it. Super awkward, but also it was the only way that I was gonna make my flight and I did so worth it.

(2h 54m 7s):
Awkward. Felt like an asshole, but sometimes it's gotta be done. Yeah. I feel like You, you lead this podcast. Definitely. And having other people wake you up as your alarm for you. Yeah, Probably. Yeah. Well who knows with you guys, I just talk about it. Yeah, good point. So did, what did the people say in the line? Yeah, like no problem. Good luck. Yeah. They, and they said someone else just, they Hated your guts. Yeah, That's the worst. Although there's no one else. Like it's the, it's the 6:00 AM I think is like the earliest flight. So I think true That does change It. It wasn't as big of a deal 'cause there was no way anyone else was in a rush.

(2h 54m 47s):
The and 6:00 AM the very, very early is definitely a different vibe than like running in at like two in the afternoon. Everyone been like, dude, you couldn't have planned for this. Right. Yeah. It's clear that you just slept in. Yeah. Would you, when you sat down on the plane, were you breathing hard? Sweating. Yeah. Yeah. Sweating. It wasn't too long of a run, so no. I also lost my AirPods in the Oh, that's Terrible. Yeah. So that was the other fire fest. Like I put them in the thing, grabbed what? I, I thought I grabbed them and then I got to the plane and went to take 'em out. I was like, fuck, That is terrible. Yeah. So Yeah. So you had to raw dog it. Yeah, but I slept. There you go. That's our guy. Probably didn't snore anything. That's Our guy.

(2h 55m 27s):
Definitely snore. It's definitely snore. Probably got a boner. Yeah, It's a healthy man. Yeah. Alright. PFT My fire fest is that I have a problem. I have a problem. It's been going on for a few years now and it's gotten, it's gotten worse in the last, like, I'd say six months. I, I can't stop ordering food to the wrong address. Yeah. So I, I used to be good for this once every I don know, two months or so, but it's been like an avalanche recently. So a couple Saturdays ago, I, I ordered a hundred dollars worth of Thai food accidentally sent it to the office when I was at home and didn't realize it until I got out and there was no delivery guy there at my front door.

(2h 56m 7s):
And I was like, fuck, wrong address. Then two days later I ordered Greek soup to the wrong address and I, I resolved to myself at the moment, it's gonna stop happening. And, it was the opposite. I was at work, I ordered it to my house and then two days ago I did it again. Ugh. And I just can't, I can't stop doing It. You gotta check at the top At least. So the be was over at my house a couple Saturdays ago and the day that I forgot and ordered soup to my house by mistake and said to the office, the be hit me up. And he was like, Hey, just so a heads up, I I ordered roast pork by accident to your house. 'cause it was still the most recent address. Oh. So then I got home and I had two meals waiting for me at my Oh hell yes. Door. Which was kind of nice, but I don't know, I don't know how to fix this because I've tried to remind myself, but every time I order on Uber Eats I accidentally, I sent it to the wrong place.

(2h 56m 55s):
Yeah. Just, and it's a real problem that I have Now. Look at the top, I I've only done that once. And, it was after Beer Olympics. We got back to Chicago like two days after or whatever, a day and a half after. And I ordered like three different thing three different times. I ordered something like back to back to back from CVS to the hotel room we were staying at. Yeah. Remember. Because CVS like, you don't think like I, it wasn't a restaurant. 'cause obviously if it was a restaurant, you would be like, that's not that Restaurant's not in Chicago. It doesn't exist there. Right, right. But I just kept on trying to get something ordered to the office. And, it just, I, it just was going to the hotel. I feel Like there's, there's no worse feeling than being super excited about a meal.

(2h 57m 36s):
Yes. And you, and you wait for an hour for that meal and then you just open up the app and you're like, well fuck, now I gotta wait an extra hour for the meal. Right. Because it got delivered to the wrong plug. Right place Max did that. You remember with Taco Bell? Oh Yeah. Yep. Did that that was a nice anniversary gift. Yeah. I've got a real problem with that. don don't know. I don't know how to fix it. 'cause I've tried everything. don don't know what to do about it. I, I wanna find like a, a homeless guy in my neighborhood that I can call up and be like, Hey, there's food at the house Again, if you just just wanna stop buying The front porch, you just have to stop ordering food to the office. But what do I do for lunch? I'm about to do it. I'm gonna do it in about 30 minutes. Yeah. And, and I am, if I fuck up when it's this front of my mind, then there's a real issue. You need to, I need to have somebody else order. Just order for You.

(2h 58m 16s):
Yeah. Yeah. Or like, it's gotta be a submarine where you turn two keys Yeah. To make it happen. And then my other Fyre Fest is I've got a, a new whitest thing that I've ever done. don don't know. Might, it might not be. Right now the current white whitest thing that I've ever done Is wearing the Luke McCaffrey jersey. That's actually in the top three too. Okay. So I'm thinking back because for a long time my, the whitest thing I've ever done was I, at one point took a, I took a Hamilton themed Peloton ride. Okay. Which is pretty white. That is, it's tough to beat that amount. The Luke McCaffrey salute to service off camo jersey. That's pretty high up there. Might be. I, I don't know what it is. I love counterfeit jerseys. They, they're the best. So that might be number two.

(2h 58m 56s):
And then my third is I ordered a Halloween costume for my dog. So I've done that. So Blake is getting dressed up this year as Willie Nelson. Yeah. And I got him like, it's got overalls on the front and like a little ukulele for a guitar. And then it's got the braids in his head. I ordered the extra large because Blake's a big boy. He is about like 125 pounds right now. And the extra large does not translate to Blake's size. It looks like a smaller medium. So I got Blake dressed up in this Halloween outfit the other day and, and he's, I just wasted my money on this outfit. I think That's okay. I've done that still. It's like a little Mini Willie Nelson. Yeah. Why not? It's kind, it is kind of adorable though. Of course it is. Yeah. It's a dog and a costume of rules, But it's also very white.

(2h 59m 42s):
Alright. Mine is just simple that I, last week was on a Oh, that's very cool. You Think that's, you think that's a good outfit for Blake? Yeah. Okays a very good outfit. Mine is very simple. I just, last week I was on by because the Bears were on the by and Wisconsin played Northwestern. And this week I'm just like in it, it's gonna change Penn State on Saturday night and then Commanders on Sunday. My mood could be completely wrecked until like Thanksgiving. Yeah. Somebody's gonna be very depressed on Sunday Night. And I have the, the Penn State, like that's a double whammy. So I could be, I'm staring down the barrel of A gun. Am I crazy to think though? That Wisconsin's not as bad as they looked at the start of the year?

(3h 0m 23s):
No, they're definitely better. But Penn State's very good. I'm just hoping the difference between playing at 11 o'clock in the morning and six 30 at night at Camp Randall is night and day. Yeah. Yeah. Literally things. Yeah. Yeah. Things could get dicey for you. Yeah. I I predict a split for you this weekend. I'll be in The building for, for That makes me feel good. Yeah, no, You'd be happy with the split. No. That on there. I'm saying that makes me feel good that Max is gonna be there in Penn State gear. Yeah. He's a cool costume people, People are not happy. Penn State fans were not happy when I tweeted that I was was gonna go. Oh I love That. I love that. What's your record? What do you mean?

(3h 1m 3s):
Oh, They had the whiteout game against Minnesota. What's my record? What's your record For Penn State Games attended by Max? I think three and oh no, two in one. I went to Michigan last year. That was the worst game ever. That was really the worst football game in the history of football. Yeah. Michigan didn't throw the ball. Yeah, that was, they didn't throw the ball one time in the second half. Bullied you. I went Yeah. Actually bullied. You beat Washington. There was like No quarterback playing that game on either side. Yeah. But Drew a Drew Aler a lot better. Drew Aler a lot better this year than he was. It's way Different. Way different. Way different. It's gonna be a tough game. Alright, good show boys. Numbers 3 5 18.

(3h 1m 43s):
11 9 9 Po. 17. 17. 12. 12 TB 12. Love you guys.