
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today's, Pardon? My Take. We have our newest coworker, John fricking Gruden in studio to talk to us about football. We're gonna do NFL Week 11 picks in preview. We got all of our picks. We got Fantasy Fuck boys, we got Fire Fest, And we have Thursday Night Football Recap, Eagles and Commanders.


It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. This is the week fight fans have been waiting for two epic battles on back to back nights. Get in on all the action at DraftKings Sportsbook. First up on Friday, down in Dallas, the baddest man in the planet, Mike Tyson steps back in the ring taking on Jake Paul. Then Saturday night and w what might be the fight of the year. John Jones puts his heavyweight title on the line, taking on steep a miocic, two nights of fights, two nights for first timers to get started on DraftKings Sportsbook. Try betting on something simple like picking a fighter to win. Go to the app, select your fighter, and place your first bet. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers Bet $5. Get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportswear app now. Use code take that's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire, 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/mma.


Okay, let's go. Football. My take.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code. Take big fights this weekend and you can use code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, November 15th, and the Philadelphia Eagles are at the top of the NFC East Bernie Madoff. Sam Bankman freed the 2020 election. The 2024 Washington Commanders. Oh no, you can't do that this quickly. Feel like the haters might honestly Wait. What do, what do all those things have in common? Frauds you say. Oh, frauds. Yeah. Sometimes the haters are right. When the haters are right. You gotta say, great job haters. I'm, if nothing, I'm consistent about congratulating the haters. I don't wanna say that we're fully frauds yet, but No, you're not.


That's a tough division game. But, and, and also the commanders being frauds. Nobody expected anything out of 'em. So it's hard to say that they're fraud. However, tonight gave me some deeper concerns than I thought that a loss would give me. No. Some deeper, not necessarily about being a fraud, but I'll tell you a couple things that, that gave me. Pause. Number one. What? What are you laughing at? Hank? You piece of shit. You asshole. You fucking dickhead. I apologize. That was rude. Why are you laughing already? Are you piece of shit? It's, it's just like I'm laughing at Hank's Laugh. I know, I know. Yeah. It's like when someone, when someone dies, you accidentally laugh. Like you don't mean to laugh. That was, that was a, that was unnecessary. And I apologize.


You Die. You, you laugh when people Die. I don't. But like, you know, hustle sometimes. What sounds like You do? No. Like maybe When a clown dies, it's a Movie or a TV show or something. Whatever. I'm sorry. A movie or A TV show where like someone or someone says something really like sad or like something like are you talking about Enthusiasm? Kind of. Yeah. Maybe that's what It's like. Bare naked ladies. I'm the kind of guy who laughs at a funeral. Yeah. It Had nothing to do with Jayden Daniels. You shut the fuck up. Max. You're talking I was asking Max. You not talking yet? Max. Oh, I'm Max on the new Coco. I'm the going to the show now. I'm gonna talk over, now I'm laughing at PFT. Not laughing at you, but laughing at your reaction. Fat Italian. Here's the thing, the thing that gave me pause about this game.


The coaching decisions. Yeah. Dan Quinn, when he, when he went for it, I'm actually okay with it. I am too. He's being aggressive. Yes. Three points gives you the lead in that case. And we're talking about the field goal that he kicked when he was down 10 to 12 or didn't kick, did not kick elected to, to go forward on fourth down where it looked like the offensive line didn't have the right timing of the play. It was just a fumble. Never went anywhere. Bad play, bad result. The process, I'm okay with going for it because for the first time tonight, our offense look good on that drive and fuck it. Let's just go and get two yards. We've done it before. We're pretty good on fourth down. That didn't gimme pause as much as the offense.


When we're down two scores at the end of the game And we burn up four minutes, I believe there's like five minutes left in the game, burn up, four minutes on the clock. We're running the ball. We're not calling timeouts, running the ball, running the ball, throwing inside passes. It seemed like, I don't think that Cliff Kingsbury understands that 26 minus 10 is 16 and that 16 is a two score game. 16 divided By two Is eight. Now we've gone over this on the show. There's some, there's some 16 point leads that look enormous. Yeah. That look like they're much bigger than 16 points. 26 to 10 is a pretty easy one. The players. It's, It's the easiest to comprehend. It's the easiest to comprehend. Yes.


It it's not like you're skipping over two different sets of 10. It's 26 minus 10 is 16. Exactly. It's very easy. It looked like the players on the field knew that it was a two score game, but the plays that were being called, it didn't feel like the guy who was calling It knows. That's a two score game. And here's what this gets at, is going back to Cliff's entire existence in the second half of seasons. So back at Texas Tech, here's his record as a head coach from 2013 to 2018, at the end of the season, lost five of six, lost four of six, lost four of six, lost six of eight, lost six of eight, lost five of five at the Cardinals.


He lost seven of his last nine, then he lost five of his last seven. Then he lost five of his last six, then he lost nine of his last 10. His offense looks completely different right now. We had Austin Eckler. That's pretty much it. Yeah. Jayden Daniels a lot of drops tonight. A lot of drops out there. But no, Jayden did not look good. He didn't look nearly as good as he, that was his worst game by far, that he had tonight. Missed open guys, made some questionable decisions, felt timid on a few passes. Didn't look particularly fast even. I do wanna give credit to the Eagles defense line. Yeah. Eagles defense line. That was the game. And their linebackers played outstanding. And your secondary played pretty good too.


The Eagles played very well tonight. The, The the the fourth and two that you didn't go for the field goal, which I agreed with. That was the game because you had second in one and they stood up on three straight plays. Yeah. So that was, that was phenomenal. That was, that was great. Yeah. And, and Big Cat, you brought it up during the broadcast. I, I've said it before, but Cliff without the sunglasses, It's brutal. Listen, It's just not hot. I, more than anybody else understand that sometimes you look a lot better when you're wearing sunglasses all the time. Yeah. That's All I'm gonna say. He, he should, he should, he should keep the sunglasses on. Looks like He got pink Eye. Okay, so Jaden Daniels didn't play well, but he's a rookie. Yeah. And he had, he had a bad rookie game.


Who cares? Yeah. It doesn't, that was a tough divisional game. You said it before. I think we all knew it going in the Eagles have a better roster. They do. Like that's just a fact. So it's not to win that game would've been very difficult. You have the Cowboys, the Titans, and the Saints coming up. You're still a yos team. Yep. So, you know, pick yourself up. What Percent chance The offs are we At on the machine? Still high or in my brain? In your brain. In my brain. 90 Still high In the machine. Probably 76. I'm gonna guess Still high. Oh, We're we're in the offs right now. Yeah. 70, 79. That was 79.


That was really good. But in my brain. But we also haven't had the week 11 yet. Yep. But can you a max? No, that was if loss max both. They They do. But what if the 49 ERs Oh, oh, oh. It. But what about the 49 ERs? Oh, It's just like right now. Got it. In this, in this moment. It was like Got it. It didn't change at all. It went from 80% to 79 Max. I apologize for calling you fat Italian. No, That's fine. I deserve That heat of the mo heat of the moment you jumped in. No, I deserve that. I deserve that. But congratulations Max Eagles look great. They've, they've turned the season around. Yeah. I I mean, Saquon Barkley is a problem. He's a real problem.


Max, from your perspective, break down this game because obviously you were nervous go, you were very nervous going into this game. You can tell when Max is nervous. He was like, he kinda like slapped me on the back at one point, just kind of before, like, this is like three hours before the game kind of just knocked the football outta your hand. Yeah. Bouncing around. Like, you know, he was basically a little kid that needed like a weighted blanket for the last three hours before kickoff. You Know, I'm not good in the bright light always. I know. And he had Dave here you air That was, that was a, that had max loss written all over It. So, so my question to you though is the game, the Eagles. I want to hear how you feel about the Eagles, but I also want you to hear how you feel about Jayden Daniels because you were nervous about Jayden Daniels and he has been very good this year.


And he's gonna be in your division for a very long time. That was your first dance with him. Tell us where your head's at. Jane Daniels will be a very good quarterback in this league. Jane Daniels is just, is still a rookie. And that's something that I think was very evident tonight. I think it's something that you have seen a lot when he has played good defenses. It's back to back games against two top defenses. And he is looked like a rookie quarterback. But that's okay because you expect that from a rookie quarterback Yeah. To struggle against good defenses and to do well against bad defense. So going into this year, that's exactly what you want. But Jane Daniels I don't think is as a rookie, a Super Bowl winning quarterback.


'cause no rookies are a Super Bowl winning quarterbacks true. And I I, I would still, by the way, I would still cut off a knot for that line. Jane Daniels 22 for 32. 191. I would, would touchdown one interception. I would fucking don't forget, if you told me that was Caleb's line on Sunday, Don't forget about the drops. Sign Me the fuck up. Plus the drops. Yeah. How many of those yards were, I mean, a lot of those yards came in that garbage garbage. That garbage sign. Yeah. I mean it was, well the, the drive where we kicked the field where we did not kick the field goal. That was a good drive too. And I wouldn't call that garbage time. Correct. Correct. So he got a lot of yards then. But that was a Yeah, listen. No, but I'm counting those yards. I'm, that's what, that's What I'm saying. I'm not, I'm not going to say that Jay Daniels played even a, an average game tonight.


He played a bad game tonight. He was, he was all over the map. He missed a lot of easy throws. He's a rookie Quarterback. He was a rookie quarterback. He like a rookie quarterback. And I think he might be injured too. I'm not making excuses, but the drops and the injuries. I said That before the game. That's so that's the story of the game. I said that like you can tell he's not, he's a little more tentative to run the ball ever since the rib injury. It was funny though, watching the game with Coach Gruden. He, he saw Jayden warming up with a basketball and he was disgusted, disgusted, disgusted. What is this man playing basketball out here? Come on. Disgusted. Get that man a football man. Yeah. He Was. God damn it. This bitch. This bitch. Yeah. But in a good way. Oh man. So Max, you're feeling good.


Eagles are eating too. This is, I mean, the one seed. No, we're taking it one game at a time. Really Gotta Jake Elliot. I I'm going to Jake Elliot has enough in his history. He's given the Yeah. To give him the benefit of a doubt of like, this is just a one-off game. If it happens again, then you, then you start to get worried. I'm like hovering over the panic button, but I'm not clicking the panic button on Jake Elliot yet. Okay. 'cause that was terrible. Realistically, the Eagles should have scored 35 points in this game. Can you issue a statement to the city of Phil Philadelphia and Eagles fans? How should they be treating Jake Elliot moving forward?


Treat him, like, treat him the same from this game. But if he has one more bad game, panic. Panic. The, the clip of him pacing the sidelines, double tapping his head. You never wanna see that outta your kicker. Ever. That was bad. That's like what I do. Yeah. Yeah. That's like what I do when I'm, I gotta get my, I gotta get myself right. And I for sure don't have the mentals to be an NFL kicker. No, no, no. But I, it's good that we have a little mini buy now because it'll be even more time for him to get this game out of his head. Yep. He can watch some, he can watch some games this weekend. Chill out.


Yeah. No, Also the one seed's not gonna happen. 'cause the lion's schedule is significantly easier than, Yeah. We still are at Ravens and home against the Steelers at Commander. Like Yeah. The, the Lions have the Packers and the bills at home and then the 49 ERs on the road. So I don't know. Maybe. Yeah. Hey, 49 ERs on the road. But The two seed wouldn't be bad either. Yeah. Two seed's. Good. I would like Yeah, people come to the link. You want the one seat? I would Like the one seat, but it's, it's all right. We're just gotta take it. We're on the next weekend, Sunday night against the, against the Rams in la. That's a tough game. That's a tough game. I can't believe we, we lost the Shark Week game. Yeah.


I was very nervous because I bet the Eagles tonight and I was when the, the first half happened and the commanders were up and the Eagles were missing every field goal. And then the Amazon broadcast was like, yeah, Dan Quinn decided this was Shark Week and he's been just showing clips of shark attacks and jaws. Like this is Mike McCarthy smashing a watermelon all over again. Yeah. The problem with Shark Week, and I think Dan Quinn was there for the smashing of the watermelon. I Think he was, I think that's who he learned it for. Yeah. So the Shark Week problem is that Dan Quinn as a boomer looks back fondly on Shark Week back when Shark Week was good. Also don't think I would use Jaws for Shark Week because Jaws is an incredible movie. One of the best movies of all time.


But who wins? Like to today's age, you watch Jaws and you're like, that's a fake shark. Who wins though? Does the shark survive? I don't think so. So that, yeah. So yeah, Dan Quinn probably didn't know that. Yeah. He Probably should have Had do a movie where the shark wins. Yeah. Shark Week. Hank, do you have any thoughts on the game Commanders look bad? I was, I was honestly thinking, 'cause What, that was a half a half a sentence. Commanders look bad. Okay. I was honestly thinking, 'cause Coach Gruden on the stream also, it was asked him about Caleb Williams or Drake May. Yeah. He said Drake May and he said Drake may. Drake may is gonna be a superstar. Patriots have looked good. Commanders have looked, basically should be on a three game losing streak.


What does that mean? Whose line would it be anyway if the Patriots played the commanders next week at where, This is what I was saying, Sneak in Washington. This is what I was saying. People Were confus minus One people were confusing me. You're insane. I'm just, I was just, I'm just thinking aloud are insane. This Is, this is way worse than what I did. This is what I was saying on Wednesday. And people were like, Coachin said at night, this isn't my, these aren't my words. This Is what I was saying. I was, and people were like, oh, you're just, you're saying Jane Dino's bad. No, no, no. I think Jane Daniel's really good. Kle Williams. We got problems. The fucked up nature of this podcast is this guy on the couch is now gonna be like, I got the superstar.


I think, I think the spread in all honesty, Hank in, look at that smirk in Landover. Look at that smirk in Landover. Hank I think the spread, we, we, we definitely have some like book makers that listen to this game. Right. Tell us the hypothetical spread. My guess is commanders five and a half. Yeah. Plus at home. And they were just five and a half point underdogs to the bears. The bears quit. Yeah. I just, I I thought it was interesting that, you know, he did Say Drake May's a superstar steam football mine. John Gruden, when asked about the number one pick, he said he would take the number three pick, which obviously means he would take the number three pick over the number two pick. Just thought it was interesting. John, John Gruden has never coached.


I don't think he's coached a first round quarterback, But he's evaluated all of them. Yeah, I guess. Yeah. He has evaluated all of them. That's a fair point. I listen. I think Drake may is very good. We're gonna talk about it actually more. And I, I said something about Drake May, that is a very high compliment in the p and preview. But just You asked my opinion. Yeah, I did. No, well, I did. Fuck. I think He asked. I did Hank, I asked. That's what I was, I was wondering the game being like, this game is Terrible. I did ask his opinion. What's Your opinion about the game? The game, I mean, the Eagles have no kicker. That's gonna be a major problem. He's a good kicker. He, he just had had a terrible night, a bad game.


He's a good Kicker. Terrible night. Terrible. I mean that you can't, that's gonna be a problem. If I'm an Eagles fan, I'd be very like, that's a you, that's your kicker in the playoffs. That game is gonna creep in your mind. But he's kicked in the playoffs before. He is had a, he he's had a bad game. I'm still gonna give him the benefit of the doubt. Has he ever had A game? No. Not even close. So that's what I'm saying, that No, the extra point was where it was really, If you're going into a playoff game, like if you're saying that you're not gonna be worried about him having a bad game, you're lying. And the commanders turn back into a pumpkin 76% playoffs, percent chance. I, it doesn't look good.


You're you're taking the 24%. I think I might be. I mean, they, they lost to the Bears. And the Bears quit. In fact. Check. They Did not lose the bears. They beat the bears. But they, but also, and, and a double fact check. That was before the Bears quit. That's True. The Bears quit at the last play of the Cardinals game at halftime. I'm also just, this did not have an effect on the outcome of the game. Probably, but I would've liked to see a Hail Mary at the end of the first half. Yeah. Yep. You're at I agree. Like the what, 47 yard line. I agree. And we just run the ball. Like what? Why not try Hail Mary? He's, he's Lifetime a thousand percent on Hail Mary's in the NFL. Agreed. I have one More thing. Any quarterback can make that throw that I would try.


Try. Yeah. We as a national podcast. Need to, Quinn Mitchell is a top five Player. Yeah. Toledo Maxin. It's incredible. He's awesome. The things that he has done this year. He is awesome. And can I, it looks like you guys have finally, like Vic Van's defense, you know, when it starts to work and it's starting to work. Can I read his his Yeah. Please. Against Top Receivers this year, please. Packers week one. They don't have a true one. One reception gave up. One reception for six Yards. Drake, London, one reception, five yards. Chris Ave. Two receptions, 23 yards. Mike Evans, two receptions, 19 yards, Amari Cooper, one reception, 10 yards Malik Neighbors, one reception, nine yards, Jamar Chase, two receptions, and 19 yards.


Jaguars don't have a true one, one reception. 11 yards CD lamb, two receptions, 14 yards. Terry McClure, zero reception, zero yards. That's Incr, I mean stud. That's going through gauntlet as a rookie and being, coming out. Yeah. Unbelievably. Yeah. He, he's he's awesome. Happy for you Max. Very Happy for you. I I As a national podcast. We had to mention that, I dunno why you said the national podcast thing before, Because I want the, the national media isn't saying anything about United. Oh, got, got it. Got it. And we are the national media. Correct. Max. So now we've, we fixed that. I max I wait, we, we Talked a lot about rookies. I, I wanna to talk about my Rookie. Go. There You go. I appreciate Max because we try to get it right when we can.


Right Max? Yeah, we do. So in the spirit. Yeah. Maybe I should've, maybe I Should have added that in, in the spirit of getting it right. I'd like to correct Max. Terry McClure did not get shut out for zero catches. He had one catch for 10 years. No, that's against him. Oh, against him. Oh, against him. Okay. Yeah. Where was, Because that was Cooper that he, he got a catch Against Cooper. And see that, that's what worries me about Jayden is we didn't even really try to pass 12. I know it was a lot of dump offs and like, we Built the entire plane out of Austin. Eckler and Zucker's where Were, where were his shot plays. 'cause he's been throwing those so Perfectly. Didn't take any deep shots. Really. That's why I think he, he might not be healthy and trying to play off short rest with the rib injuries is probably not good for him. Yeah. But yeah. Listen. Okay.


I I I feel like I'm being quite lional and I will still take the 76% chance of making the playoffs. You, you also, And we do this every single week. And I think that there's maybe sometime, 'cause people listen to this at Friday morning when we have to record right after a loss. It is always a different mindset. Yeah. Than like tomorrow morning. Like when you get us right after a loss, it will always be the worst and most overreacting thing. I think tomorrow morning you're gonna wake up and be like, we're gonna be fine. I'm gonna say something good about the commander tonight. One, one bright thing. Mike Sandre. Yeah.


Cornerback. That's a guy. Michigan. Five foot nine had him on. Aj. AJ Brown's been cooking. Wait, hold on. Before you do this, you should say that it's because we're a national podcast. Because we're a national podcast. I'd like to draw this Is, this Is fair to Mike Sandre. Tell The World That guy is awesome. I love that dude. He's, he's undersized. He's, he's a fucking, what's a different name for a honey badger? He's a wolverine. He is like a Literal, he, he's Wolverine. A literal Wolverine is what he is. And yeah, he played great defense tonight when he was on aj, especially in the Red Zone. He pretty much shut 'em down when they were matched up against each other. So love that guy. And at least we have a good cornerback moving forward.


Plus haven't gotten latimore out there. This game is totally different without, with Latimore out there. Yeah, I would agree with that. Probably not. Okay. We, We ran, we just ran. I know. Yeah. I know. I'm, listen, I'm going through stages of cope right now. Yep. Okay. Some of my stages of cope include Cliff Kingsbury has been bad in the last three weeks. He might be on the downside, but at least that means that no team will try to hire Cliff Kingsbury as a head coach because he's kind of taken some of that shot off. That's one of the stages of cope that I'm at. Another stages stage is we're getting an impact free agent from the New Orleans Saints. Yeah. Who's currently on a roster right now that hasn't played yet Because we're a national podcast.


Zach Bond has also been great. Also. Great. I, I badger I thought about it. I was like, I can't do two national podcast Guys. Yeah. But Badger you should have Yeah. Badger Well, National podcast. Yeah. Big Cat as a national podcast. Would you like to Talk about Zach Bond? Yeah. Would You like to talk about the Wisconsin Badgers? Yeah. That Played well tonight. Zach Bond played great tonight. Yeah. Badger. He's really good defense player of the year. Probably. Yeah. Well, would you like to Hank National podcast? Anything? Christian Gonzalez And from the game tonight? Yeah. No, no, no, no. We're just from just talking about your guys. Luca Luca had a great game tonight. National podcast. Oh, okay. All right. Hey, hey. National podcast, real quick. National podcast. We should shout out to Cleveland Cavaliers.


They're 13 and oh, national podcast. That's pretty crazy. 13 and oh, national podcast. I'm looking at the standings right now. It's like you, you, you thought the sell would be there. The Magic of Good. The Knicks. But the Cavs 13 and Oh Yeah. How about that? And it's like, I mean, the Pistons are in there. How? The Bulls are the six seed. There must be a Oh, the, oh. The Sixers are two and Nine. National podcast. National Podcast Two And nine. Two and nine. Jared McCain almost almost won the game by himself last night. National Podcast Two and nine. The national podcast. The Sixers are two and nine almost. You missed, do you hear Max? Are they almost, Almost, almost won the game. Yeah. We got, we're building, we're building Something. That was almost your third win. We're building something in Philly.


We got good young guys. National podcast. You just need a couple superstars to get in the mix. And, and you guys could have a real team going, right? You're absolutely right. Maybe get them healthy and, and then you got a real team. Thanks. An yeah. National PO National podcast. I'm very excited. Tonight is, I think Alabama verse Purdue in college basketball, I believe. National podcast. That's gonna be a great game. Love Purdue National Podcast. He national podcast. Blake turns one and a half years. Oh wow. Tomorrow. Yeah. National podcast. National podcast. We do half years national podcast. Love That. National podcast. Raise awareness. Love That you should, you should see, you should not do one and a half.


You should do 18 months. 18 months just To throw people off. How many trimesters like my dog is 18 months. Yeah. Like, what the fuck? Yeah, you should do, you should do months for Blake until he's like six years old. Oh, okay. You should, yeah. Bring that up naturally. Somewhere tomorrow. Be like, yeah. Blake is 18 months. I Will, I will. It's a promise.


Okay, let's kick it to ourselves. Weekend preview. An incredible interview with Coach John Gruden, our newest coworker in studio. Okay. Weekend preview time. It's brought to you by our friends at Gametime football season is here. And we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner, bar stools. Sports, you know much we love Gametime. Now with their brand new Gametime picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Hank, we were looking at those tickets. Northwestern, Ohio State at Wrigley on Saturday. Yep. Iconic Wrigley Field. Great place to go to a football game. Great place for, for a date or whatever you want to do. You can get in for as cheap as $113. 13. 13 romantic place to watch a football game last year. Some Of the greatest romance movies have been taped there. It was Northwestern Football. Yeah. The breakup. The Great aphrodisiac. Not a lot of scoring on the field. Yeah. In the stands, different Story. Tiffany Gomez and Hank. Whoa. Oh. Just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? We're gonna buy those tickets to Ohio State Northwestern now with Gametime Picks. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram and tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt. Five winners will be selected every Saturday until December 7th. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold. Refreshing of Coors. Like Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Literally made it chill. Coors Light is cold lager cold filtered cold package. It says crisp and refreshing as the Rockies Perfect for a moment to unwind. Even the biggest rivals. Agree when it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game you choose. Chill. And then reach for a Coors Light at Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere they sell beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Okay, boys, week 11 in the N nfl. They did, I, I love this. Every time they release this, because it's like a, it's basically a pervert stat. It's the what if NFL standings have been released. So what if every one possession NFL game had the opposite result? Who do you think would be first in the A FC? The Indianapolis Colts? No, it'd actually be, the Cincinnati Bengals would be eight and two. Eight and two. And last would be the Kansas City Chiefs two and seven. Fascinating. Because they had played all one score games in the nfc. I Love This stat. It's the best.


What if, what if the teams that were good at winning? Yeah. We're actually bad At winning. Yeah. What if, yeah. What if every win was a loss? Yeah. The what if standings for the NFC Tampa Bay would be seven and three. That's the big notable switch. Also, the giants would be six and four. And then the saddest part about this is the Carolina Panthers would be one and nine. So they would actually get worse. So they're good in, they punch above their weight class in close games. They would get worse. That's when you get blown out. The jets would be five and five memes Still in it. He wanted me to fact check you to make sure it wasn't the Jets. No. Five and five would that make would be five and five. You reverse all one Score games. Oh, We stink. Would that make them top five?


No. They'd be outta the playoffs. Okay. Even in these, this what if fan fantastical standings. Ah, we shock. Yeah. In a fantasy land, you can't stink in a fantasy land. I just always like looking at those. 'cause it is, it is very funny just being like, yeah, what if everything was different? So What I like about this weekend is there are like three games that are awesome. Yeah. And then there's a just heaping mound of dog shit. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. So let's, let's start with it. Oh, let me, let me, someone, a listener said, could you guys please say the line when you say the game and I will start doing that. Thank you to DraftKings. So we will start, let me pull up the current lines. Let's start, I got the lines right here. If you just want to say the game, I'll say the Line.


Yeah. So it's, it's, we'll start with the Ravens at the Steelers. Okay. We got the Ravens favored by three on the road. Yeah. Over under 48 and a half. Okay. So this to me is, I'm very excited for this game because it will tell us a lot about the Steelers. I think the Ravens I believe are gonna be there no matter what because their offense feels unstoppable. The Steelers, if they win this game, why? Why, why not? Yeah, Why not? Why, Why not Steelers? I already think why not? I, I, I'm very close to thinking why not? I would like to see it especially it's Russell Wilson against the Ravens defense. Kyle Hamilton's out. So their secondary is, is banged up has not been great all year.


They're run. Defense is elite. So what happens when Russell Wilson win? If the Steelers can't run the ball? What's gonna happen? This though is a strictly numbers game because here are the stats and it's ridiculous. So this 36th time Tomlin and Harbaugh have played against each other. It's second all time only to George, Hal and Curly Lambo over the last 20 years. The underdog in this series is 28, 10 and three 74% against the spread. And Mike Tomlin is a dog against Harbaugh is 12, two and two. And then also here the final margins of the games between the Steelers and Ravens since 2020. Seven points. Seven points, three points, two points, three points, 1.5 points, four points.


These teams just play tight games. They don't like each other very much. Yeah. No love loss between these teams. Yeah. Throughout the record books. When these teams get together, Lamar Jackson Yeah. As a starter. Yeah. Has only won one time at Pittsburgh. Against Pittsburgh. Yeah. So, so his only win was in 2019 and that's when Devlin Hodges Duck or Guy Duck Duck Hodges Is Duck still around? What's Duck doing these days? I think he's, Isn't he in Nashville? Yeah, sure. Just hanging out. I don't know. Wasn't that when we went to Kid's House, he was like Duck Hodges. Was he there? He was, no, he was like, sometimes I'll throw with Duck. Oh maybe I'm, I might be making that up. That's Cool. I like that though. For Duck. That's A great gig for Duck. If he just goes and throws routes to George Kittle in the off season. Yeah, I like That for Duck Duck's probably just, he's, he's in the middle of a field somewhere shooting a, a shotgun.


I don't know the answer but I like if that is the answer. I like where he is at in that answer. Yeah, he's probably very happy. That's A good life. That's a really good life. He's living off the land. A for like a guy who had a cup of coffee in the NFL started an NFL game as quarterback named Duck Hodges. Cleans up in Nashville. Cleans up. Yep. That's just a fact. Yeah, so he's, he's Lamar is one in three against Pittsburgh Duck Hodges. That was the only game that Lamar has won against the Steelers. So I love the Steelers as an underdog. I always do home game home Underdog against the Ravens. This game. My, my only qualm this game should be at night. It should be a primetime game.


Yeah. It's unfortunate that it, that it's not that it is in fact one of the early games this weekend. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't, I don't love that. This Will be sound, The sound is gonna be on this, This is gonna be sound main tv. We're Gonna have a, this is the crown jewel of the early slate. Yeah. We have, by the way, we have eight games And we only have seven TVs that we look at. We have obviously the eighth TV off to our left. So I think what we're gonna do is just put one game on the eight TV off to the left. I like that. And that's usually the Panthers game. Yeah, that's usually the Panthers Are on the bi week. They're on a bi week this week. So it won't be, it won't be this week. I'm excited to see George Pickens and Marlon Humphrey go at it. Yep. I, so I saw that matchup and I thought to myself there's a good chance that one of the two of these guys gets ejected from the game just based on vibes from both of them.


But then I looked ahead at the Steeler schedule and I saw Steelers playing the Eagles I think December 15th. Mm. The day of the, of the Hank. And remember that fight Hank December 15th? Yeah. December 15th. Hank's first knockout. Yeah. His first and only knockout. That is going to be a matchup of the Steelers and the Eagles. Mm. And that is when we're going to get an ejection between either George Pickens or CD Deuce. Yeah, It Will be. But it's still gonna be a feisty matchup between Humphrey and Pickens Pickens if they're on each other. Do you guys want a crazy Lamar Jackson stat? Yeah, I have one. This is from Dry Defender RS Lamar Jackson. So last week the Ravens were down 21 to seven I believe at halftime.


That was the first time in 40 consecutive starts for Lamar Jackson. So where he plays the majority of the game. 'cause obviously he's come out for diarrhea a few times. 40 consecutive games without trailing by more than 10 points. Wow. That's insane. Yeah. He also is currently still on his streak of 40. So this would be the 41st game without losing by more than seven Lamar. Ja. Like that's, that's insane. They just don't get blown like the, the Ravens just don't get blown out. Yeah. They're, I mean they've been a very consistent team and Lamar's been incredible and I, I wonder did the, did the Steelers maybe show too much keeping Jaden Daniels in the pocket? They were very, very good at that.


So, And Highsmith is out, which is big. Yeah, that's a big one. Also Hamilton's out for the Ravens. Yeah. So a couple big injuries there. They did a great job with their linebackers in the defensive line. Patrick Queen is awesome And he's pissed And he's pissed off. He's pissed that he did not get a contract. I don't know what they offered him if they offered him in Baltimore, but he's pissed off about, about playing up against the Ravens and he's still playing like at the top of his ability. Yeah. Pissed. He's very fast. He's pissed. There was one play last week where it was an RPO. Jayden fakes the handoff. Patrick Queen takes a step inside towards the running back and then he beats Jayden Daniels to the sideline. Yeah. Keeping the ball. Yeah, he's, he's elite. He Might be, he might be spying.


That's what Jerry told us. He said, Patrick Queen's gonna spy Lamar Jackson. Yeah. Do you see that there was a snake in Russell Wilson's locker last Week in his pants? Yeah, in his dick. That's what, yeah. Oh that's what they call it. No, he had, there was a mom mentality. There was a snake that was in the locker and then they couldn't find it but they escaped it before. Are you saying an actual snake or is this something that Russell Wilson did? And he's corny. Do you think he had like one of those fake snakes? I and he used as a motivation, if I said to you, Hey Russell Wilson put a fake snake in his locker and said it's mamba mentality time. Would you think that's I made that up? Well I might. I said mamba mentality. Yeah, I know. But if he had said that, if He had said that I would buy it, I would also see A hundred percent buy it. I could also see Russell Wilson having a snake there and he's like, there was a snake in my locker, tried to get me to eat an apple before the game.


I turned to the Lord. I said no. Yeah. I said, I said vanquish these Satan. Yeah. That also happens. Yeah. A hundred percent happened. Okay. I, I agree with you. I, I like the Steelers in this game. Next game Packers of Bears Go on longest winning streak in the NFL 10. Matt La Flores never lost to the Bears. He's 10 and oh okay, so this is not correct, this is not right or justified, but this is the way that I have to mentally get myself to a point where I can think the Bears can beat the Packers on Sunday. Shane Waldron is the Antichrist.


Shane Waldron caused all the problems. Shane Waldron, every war tragedy, anything you can think of in history. Shane Waldron was the issue behind it. That's the only, again, not right, not justified. Shane Waldron probably a very nice guy, not a great football coach, but that doesn't matter. He's gone. And the only way I can tell myself that the Bears have a chance is that Shane Waldron was deliberately holding the bears back in every capacity and now everything's gonna be different going forward. Also, Keenan Allen's quote where he said Shane Waldron was just too nice of a guy that feels like it's all a mess. Yeah. That's not good. Shane Waldron, I don't know if you get the interim coordinator bump.


I don't know if that's a thing that happens Thomas Brown. Well but There has to be an element of the offense not having to deal with Shane Waldron that just makes them happier. Yeah. You know like when, when you have a guy that is clearly inept at his job, just being no longer around that guy all the time gives you a little bit more confidence gonna the game, you don't know what you're gonna get. But you know that it's not gonna be Shane Waldron. Yeah. So what the Bears are doing, and we've made this joke before that you know, Sean McVay has such a great track record that it became a part of the NFL ecosystem that like if you got Sean McVay's coffee, you got a job. The Bears are testing that theory because Shane Waldron, I think his highest level for the Rams was passing game coordinator and he's gone.


And now we have Thomas Brown whose highest level for Sean McVay was assistant head coach and tight ends coach. Now wasn't Thomas Brown didn't he call plays for the PA for the Panthers last Year for three weeks and then Frank Wright took it back. Yeah. So we are really going to the bottom of the, bottom of the bottom of the barrel of if you were in a same room as Sean McVay, you know how to call NFL offense. I don't think that he does. But the Bears at least are testing the theory. Yeah. It's somebody new. Yes. Se Are there reports, I saw reports that Caleb Williams and and him Tom don't talk. Yeah. That was weird. That was Weird. He was the passing game coordinator before now there was the offensive coordinator and there's been a lot of reports.


There's a report that like they don't really meet. There's Been a lot of reports. There's been a lot of bad reports. I also saw Recently there's the difference between Russell Wilson and Caleb Williams. Did You see the clip from Rossini's podcast from Chase Daniel? Yeah. I mean it's what I've, yeah, I've done that clip a hundred times. I know. Just the, the way it was all laid out tight was was yeah, honestly wild. What does the clip Say? It says everything I've said a million times over. But I'll say real quick again. They've basically since firing Lovey Smith, they've gotten every timeline wrong. Phil Emery hired Mark Trestman. Mark Trestman leave. Phil Emery stayed. John Fox drafted Mr. Bisky fired John Fox after a year. Then it was Matt e Eber Flu or sorry, Matt Nay.


I get my Matt's confused. Who was there. So John Fox drafted John Fox didn't even know he was drafting Mitch Trubisky. Ryan Paste did. And then Matt Eber flues came on inherited Mitch Trubisky never drafted Mitch Trubisky didn't want Mitch Trubisky. And then Mitch's gone and they drafted Justin Fields and Matt Nay then gets fired and Matt Eber flu inherits Justin Fields didn't want Justin Fields drafted Caleb Williams and then he's gonna get fired and whoever the next guy is is gonna inherit Caleb Williams. Probably not wanting Caleb Williams. Basically a history of coaches that didn't want the quarterbacks that they had and then a bunch of general managers who didn't want the coach that they had. Yeah.


Just never actually hiring the right thing at the right time At the same time. Yeah. They're never on on the same page as each other. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a shit show. Hey guys, it's a shit show and it's the Packers shock the World. I told you I'm gonna, by Sunday morning I'm gonna believe that we're gonna win this game. 'cause I haven't connected all the dots. But where was Shane Waldron on nine 11? Good question. Just asking. Did you see, by the way, did you see, so Carl blogged it, but there was an entire blog he found, I think it was a Reddit post that essentially was like, Paul Skees is a sociopath. That's why he is so good at baseball. And they backtracked when he was born and the theory is that his parents had sex at nine 11, The Butterfly Effect.


And they basically like blocked out all the noise of nine 11 and and created Paul Skees. Did they now, was this happen a little too much? How early in the morning was this? We don't, was this like before you get outta bed for work? It was just, yeah, you don't, you don't know the exact time. But yeah, it was, people have way too much time on their hands. But I did did, I did think it was interesting. He was born mad. Yeah. We like Paul Skees on this show. I love Paul Skees. Yeah. I mean it was a sociopath in a good way. Like he's, he's locked in, he's so locked in that he like his ability to lock in and and outside noise and just like mow down hitters. Like that's why he's elite. It wasn't a bad thing for me. Yeah, I know. Good guy. Yeah. Very guest.


Yeah. Okay. I don't have anything else in this game. The Packers are gonna kill us. You never know. You never know. Division matchup. I want Big Cat to be back. I'm gonna bet on the Packers. I'm gonna say fuck it. No Bears. There's sorry. Yeah. Bets against the Packers betting on the Bears. There's no reason why the Bears should win this game. Absolutely zero reason why they should do it. But the N NFL's a weird place. Yeah. And weird shit happens and chaos happens. Just you need an ugly game. They're Gonna lose You gotta get an ugly game going here Matt LA Floors Never Lost. Here's a recipe you need. You need Jordan. Love to throw one of those weird like behind his back pick sixes, get a defensive score. You need Caleb to just do handoffs. Caleb, I hope that, I hope that the new offense coordinator doesn't have Caleb doing all that weird shit at the line of scrimmage.


I get it. If you're like Peyton Manning or if you're Tom Brady, if you've been in an offense for a long time, have them direct the offense. Why are you making a rookie quarterback do that? It made no sense since week one. Nothing makes sense. The level of responsibility that you put on Caleb Williams when Caleb hasn't done shit in the NFL yet. Let him go out there and make easy throws. Don't have him trying to direct the symphony. That is the weird fucked up bears offense. Because even if it, even if he's able to know all the plays and tell players where to go, it's still gonna be a bad result to these shitty plays that they're calling. Don't make him feel like he's got too big a part of that failure right off the bat. Give him easy shit to do. It's all, I mean I, everything you said is correct. Whether they do it.


Yeah, Probably not. It just makes No sense to have a rookie quarterback. None of it makes sense. And to put that much on him right now, straight Off the bat, he the guy, he's mentally locked up. 'cause Matt Ebra flu is a fucking idiot and they're just Doofuses and Kevin Warren tried to cancel Big 10 because of Covid and he's the one who's calling the shots and it's just, I hate everything. Everything sucks. We're just in an exact same spot. What about bear football just continues. What About Bear football Big Cat? What about handing the ball off to your running back? It would be nice And not, it be nice not letting him get sacked eight times The game offensive behind. Not been great. It would be nice. I actually wouldn't hate it too if Kwilliams threw an interception in this game. 'cause maybe he would be taking a shot that actually was close to someone. You know what my red flag on Caleb is?


He's been throwing deep balls that aren't even close to being intercepted. You know what my red flag is? What? He hasn't even cried this year. Yeah, He should cry. I mean that was the knock on him. Was he? He cried after bad Losses. He's definitely cried this Year. Well he hasn't cried on camera in In private. I mean, I've cried in private. Yeah. So he's definitely cried in Private. But I mean, there's something about him last year where he was taking losses so hard that he was crying. Yeah, I'd like to see the man cry. It's a disaster. We're walking into a disaster also. Our good friend bear down Cz is gonna come on on the stream on Sunday from, from Bob does Sports Universe. He was on, he came last year. Yeah. Great dude. So he'll be with us on the stream, so at least we'll have an extra, the the bear they're gonna be on no sound.


I just, whatever. We'll see. We'll see. They suck. They suck. Everything sucks. The organization is a joke. They've ruined K Williams and sucks. Speaking of the Bears being frauds, did you see the Well no, they're not frauds. They're, did you see the clip? They're bad. Did you see the clip that came out from California about the, the fraudulent bear? Well, but the bears aren't frauds. Okay, but Did you see they're bad? Did you see the clip in, in No California? So apparently these people are under investigation for insurance fraud. Every now and again you see a camera, like a ring camera or like a security camera of a bear that climbs into somebody's car looking for food and malls it up and tears it up from the inside. Apparently there's been this group of people that have been dressing up as bears wearing like scissors on their hands, climbing into cars, scraping 'em up, and then collecting all the insurance money because the car's totaled or the inside the car's all fucked up.


So they got like a human wearing a bear outfit climbing into a car, trying to look like a bear and then scraping it up on the inside. Ooh, I just thought that was an interesting, I Would love to be a fraud. Yeah, we were frauds at four too, Dude. That's what I'm saying. Being a fraud. I'm, I'm loving life as a fraud. Let me, real quick, I want to just go around the room. I'm holding a number underneath my chair, one to 10, 10 being wins a Super Bowl. One being he's outta the league in like a year and a half. What do you, what do you think about the future of kale? BBLs? Be honest. Well, you're only holding one hand, so it's gotta be between one and five. Well, Yeah, duh. Three. Okay. Seven. That's a lie.


I said be honest. I would say higher. I would say higher than this. But the fact you only have one hand. I'll say five. Okay. For one hand I'll say four, but I think he's an eight name's. Got it. I think he's an eight. That's where I'm at. And it's not Caleb, but it's, the organization's a fucking joke. Well, do you extend that same grace to the offensive coordinators that come in? Is it the, is it the Bears just working for the Bears that makes offensive coordinators suck? No. Well, we hired the worst offensive coordinator on the market. Yeah, that's true. True. I mean, Jackson Smith and Jig laughed when he got hired. We all knew this was gonna happen. It's not revisionist history, it's just wishful thinking. That went totally awry. Okay. Raiders of Dolphins. We are back to Gardner.


Minchi, what were you gonna say, max? You had something else? No, I I had nothing else. You were looking at me like you wanted to say something. No, I just like Caleb Williams memes likes Caleb Williams. I love Caleb Williams. You could get it. Who knows? Who knows? It's year one. You could get it. It's not, you guys should be, I appreciate you guys, the coaches out there. I appreciate you guys being nice. I really do. As friends, you don't have to. Caleb Williams is the best quarterback prospect since Andrew Luck. Yeah. How many times did you hear that Max? I I agree. True. Caleb Williams is still, he's he's still a good quarterback. He just needs to get in a comfortable system. He needs to not be like surrounded by a hurricane of shit. And he needs his players to not hate him. Yeah. He needs his wide receivers to not hate him.


That's that dj DJ Moore's gotta get outta there. I said that. Let, How about this? What if Caleb Williams right now, what if he was on the open market as if for for a trade easily. He's not what, what do you give up for him? First round pick. We should just Whole As me. Memes wants him All. You can have him. I take him First round pick. He's still first round. Pick quarterback still. We'll go first. I still want him. I'm not trading him. There we go. See that's all we need. That's all. I'm not, that's all we needed you to say. It's bad, but I'm not trading on this And, and they're gonna beat the Packers This weekend. And Shane Waldron was the reason for all of this. Raiders at Dolphins line raid. Oh, we got it right there. Yep. Raiders at Dolphins. It is going to be seven minus seven for the Dolphins.


Okay. Yeah. Hank, you do last Over under 44. Okay. Hank will do the line. So we're back to Gardner Minsu also, we have to be, we have to be full disclosure, I think, I think I speak for both of us. PFT when I say that we're rooting for the Raiders' offense to have some success because our friend Scott Turner is now the oc. Yep. We like Scott Turner And Norv Turner, his dad is, is working as a consultant with a team. Love that. Norville Bold with Scott Turner in the 2019 Final four in Minneapolis. I said Minneapolis. Minneapolis had a great night.


Great time knows brother too. So we knew we loved the Turners. Yep. I don't know how the Raiders are gonna be able to run the ball though. And I think that's what Scott Turner wants to do. Yeah. It's gonna be a challenge for him. Although we're getting Florida man, Minsu. True. Good point. So, so you're always looking for what kind of spark you can get out of Minsu. We always say if you put Michu in as a backup quarterback, you get a spark. I feel like in the state of Florida, that's when you're gonna get pure guard Michu. I know he is not from Florida, but he's got big time Florida energy to him. I like the possibility of him doing some fuck shit this weekend. Yeah. Now this is a rest game too. It's, it, it's A big time. A Bi week, big time rest game.


It's a bi week for the Raiders and then it's a short week for the Dolphins who played on Monday night. So you might say to yourself, that heavily favors the Raiders in this situation, but the dolphins are five and oh against the spread when they are at arrest disadvantage. Oh, wow. Since 2022. So the dolphins don't need sleep. Yeah. They're like sharks just keep swimming. Also, Tuo said he would do it again. Yeah. When going head first into a tackle. I think he also said that just discourages me from throwing interceptions. Sure. Yeah. Whatever it takes. I think we have to stop the hand wringing about Tua. I know that everyone wanted him to maybe walk away. Tua knows what Tua knows at this point.


It's, I I mean he's, if he's gonna jump head first into people, it's like, I What are you gonna do? Yeah. What are you gonna do? Yeah. I mean, that's, Tua wants to play football, he Wants to play football. You can't stop someone. I'm, I'm, I'm a believer in, you know, freedom of choice. Like, you, you should be able to do this. Yeah. The dolphins. So they are just coming off. I believe they cut their team captain, which hardly ever happens. Yeah. I can't think of another time that, that a team captain has been cut. Midseason. Shane Waldron was our team Captain. Yeah, he was. Yeah. And Desmond Ritter is now being talked about by certain segments of Raiders fans as being the answer. Ooh.


So that's kind of a sad state of affairs that you've got in Las Vegas right Now. Desmond Ritter is the answer. I don't know what the question is. Yeah. What, what question could Desmond Ritter possibly be the answer to? I think this game, the Dolphins are second in pass blocking. The Raiders are 29th and pass Rush. But the Raiders do do a good job. They do the, they do the chief's defense where they just don't let explosives down the field. I think it might be a little tighter. I just don't know how the Raiders offense does anything. And it's not because of Scott Turner. He's a very good play caller. Yeah. Yeah. Ultimately this might come down to, to football guy versus nerd. Yeah. Who do you take? Antonio Pierce or Mike McDaniel.


Okay. Next game. Colts at Jets. Colts at Jets line. Hank, that was your only job right here. Minus four. The over under 43 and half. You do the line. I got the line, I got the lines. Got lines. Now I can, I can do the lines. I just don't, You have other things going on, but I just don't know what game you're gonna go to. I haven't pulled up right here. Yeah. Max has them pulled up. I have 'em pulled up. Hank's out. Okay. Max damn Colts of Jets memes. Jeff Brook said to the team that they're gonna return to fundamentals of tackling and be in pads and they needed a tackling presentation for the team before practice.


What do we think about that? Sometimes you gotta keep some things to yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Some media training for Jeff. Yeah. Don't say anything. This is why Jeff isn't, you don't have a head coach? No. He ruined all chances of becoming a head coach. He was gonna get some interviews in the off season and now he's getting, I don't know if he was, he's No, he, he was predicted To get some top name. Oh really? Yeah. Oh. Oh. But then he got promoted to head coach and now He's Who told you that? Tyson Be's dad. A bunch of Rios. Yeah. A bunch of Flores. You hear the Good Flores, you've got two Flores on your shoulder at any given time and, and depending on what mood you're in, you listen to the Angel or the demon. This case, I don't feel like Jeff Ulbrich was gonna be like a real hot name.


He would've, he would've got some interviews. Yeah. We've got some interviews. Okay. Memes. Here's some good news for you. When Aaron Rogers was asked if he's gonna play in 2025, he said, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm kind of fired up. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So real quick, mes, I had a question about, about Jeff Ulbrich. I gotta, I, this is, this is really bad for me too because the jet, like the jets and bears are an equal hell. So you being fired up just shows how ridiculous I am whenever I get fired up. Hold on. I said kind of fired. Yeah. Hold on. Did you take that as like a, I think so, yeah. It's not an, it's not an answer. I think so. So yeah, you said I'm, I think I'm fired up as if like, his answer was yes.


I'm back. I just gotta see who the coach is. Well, this is also tremendous inconsistency from you Muse, because you said, I believe last week that you hope that he retires. Yeah. But it's a rollercoaster rooting for the Jess. Okay. So right now where you're at, at 3:10 PM on Thursday. Yep. You want Aaron Rogers to play next year and you're kind of fired up about him kind of wanting to play next Year. Yeah. 'cause you could go all, all in in the off season. Let's put it this, in this analogy. Okay. So I have, I have a, a garage at home and every now and then I'll forget to hit the garage door when I leave. If my wife texted me and said, did you hit the garage door?


And I say, I think so. Yeah. She's like, fuck. He didn't do it. Yeah. So that did I think so, yeah. Is not a good, that's a, that's a lot of No, and I think so. Yeah. I mean you gotta see how the team looks in the off season. It's like, did you remember to do this? I think so. Yeah. That's pretty much. Well, now I have to go. Did you remember to turn off the oven? I think so. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think the idea of Aaron Rogers, he's a Hall of Fame quarterback is good, but Aaron Rogers right now is not good. Yeah. So, But I just want to keep believing that he's gonna have that Aaron Rogers performance. And maybe next year is that year What, What other former friends of Aaron Rogers would have to get signed by the Jets for you to be like, yes, we're rebuilding, we're all all in again.


David Bakari. Okay. Yep. Oh, the missing link. Yeah, the Missing link. I have some news on memes as mental headspace right now, by the Way. Oh no. Before we started here, memes said memes goes, I hope that they lose this week so that they can just die. Oh. And I picked up on what he said and I was like, wait a minute. If they lose this week, they're dead. So they're not dead yet. That's, I think so, yeah. And he goes, well, if you look at the percentages, if they win this weekend, they're actually still alive. Yeah. Okay. They bounce up to 20% Memes. Are the jets dead right now? Technically, no. Okay. The answer there was, I think so. Yeah. I, I don't, you never know because That gives you a little No.


Yeah, no, I, if they win, they could technically Be All right. So what, what does a perfect weekend look like for, You mean now to win The Perfect weekend actually happened last weekend, so now Yeah, I know. Which Is why you were like, but you were down after the perfect weekend. Yeah. So they'll win and everybody else will win. Okay. So you'll do, you'll hold up your end of the bargain. Yeah. Yeah. Hold, hold on. Can we just remind the listeners what happened to the Jets this weekend? Yeah. Defense doesn't travel. They got killed by the car. They got Smoked. What Ha memes. I'm just, I'm living one week ahead of you. Yep. We got smoked by the Cardinals and I was like, it's over. We walked into that Patriots game. I was like, we're gonna lose this game. You need to get in line. The Cardinals are just, are graveyard teams.


Yeah. So would you rather go up against Joe Flaco or Anthony Richardson this weekend? Joe Flaco. You would per, so you don't so you don't like the move to Anthony Richardson? Well, he's, he's actually right because it's, we Can't stop the run. The run. Yeah. The run. I, Ima I imagine the switch to Anthony Richardson was they watched the Cardinals film And we can't tackle, and Jonathan Taylor and Anthony Richardson are just gonna run the ball. Yes. Every single Play. That would be crazy if Shane Steichen didn't into throw a pass. Yeah. Shane Steichen said, well, he had a quote about Anthony Richardson. He said over the last two weeks he's made strides, big time strides in becoming a pros pro. Mm. So we got Pros Pro Anthony Richardson coming in. I don't know what that means. The, the, the problem that Shane Steichen, I like, I always thought that benching Anthony Richardson, we've talked about this.


It was kind of weird because you're not, probably not a playoff team, but then they're like, maybe we are a playoff team. You don't wanna lose the locker room, get the, whatever the problem was. They said that Joe Flaco was the future light or the starter going forward. They should have just said, Anthony Register needs a couple games to get his head on. Right. And then you go back to him because now you're going back to him essentially saying, we're not gonna The Playoffs. Yeah. The, the Colts. They should just say whoever has the best week of practice. Yeah. They should, should open, honestly, they should flip a Coin open competition. They Should flip a coin and week take all just be like, Hey, we're just gonna go this way. That way no one loses Their confidence. All right. So we, I think we can all agree that at some point this season, the culture going to go back to Joe Flacco. Mm. Right. Probably, probably real Definitely.


Because Anthony might get tired. That's true. But I mean, as a starting quarterback. Yeah. If he gets tired from Harvey. I think so. I think they will. The real question is, are they going to, are the, are the Colts going to go back to Anthony Richardson this season? I think so, yeah. So, okay. We're, we're gonna get back forth. Back And forth. Yeah. I, I Think so. Yeah. At least one more time. I like that. I like that. And is there any rule that says that you have to name a starting quarterback? Like before, before the actual game? I think So. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think so. Yeah. It's actually a great answer. 'cause you just give yourself such a great out. Yeah. Like, yeah. Well, I didn't say yes. I said I think so. Yeah. So when, when Aaron Rogers says, I think so, yeah. At returning, is he thinking that he might get a job in the administration and in that case he won't be back?


I, I think so. That It's there. It's, That honestly wouldn't be the most shocking thing ever, would it? If He Got a job, Ross went to work for the government. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think his odds are better for That than the win Super Bowl. I think. Did see the, did you see the deep dive into Aaron Rodgers on ES espn? Did you read that article? I Did not. Yeah. It was, I mean, it wasn't anything new. It was basically like this guy, you know, he is a legend. He's hurt, he's doesn't have his mobility. And I think the, the biggest issue is that he, he demands perfection and a lot of the players in talking about it, like they were talking to offensive lineman, wide receivers, that you have to be perfect and on his wavelength.


And he doesn't always explain what his wavelength is. What does wavelength mean? Like, You gotta know where he wants you. He wants everything specific. Like he wants you, he wants to know that you're gonna be at this spot, at this location, at this part of the drop. Like all that. It's the Mike Williams play that, that ended that game against the bills. It Sounds like something that an offensive coordinator should be in charge of. Yeah, But they don't have one. Yeah. We don't have anything. I didn't realize he referred to Nathaniel Hackett as his best friend. I didn't realize he was his best Friend. Yeah. That's crazy. Best friend Too. Nice of a guy Too. Nice of a guy. Okay, next up Browns at Saints Max.


We're gonna get this eventually. I got it. I got it. I got it. I was so confused. I was like, neither of these are my teams. It is, it is Memes. You're in charge Rounds minus one against the saints. You're jumping all over the map. No one, no one knows what game you're gonna go to. Yeah. But it's all right there. Yeah, No, it was literally right. Literally the very next one. It's On there. I Just panicked. 'cause normally you say Max when it's Eagles. I was like, neither of these are my teams. No, I just, I I went, I think I went off of how ESPN had 'em listed. So, okay. Brown Saints. I love the Browns in this game. I think we're back with Jamis. Yeah. Also big news outta Browns camp this week.


Vrabel iss back on the field. Oh, Vrabel put on the practice jersey and went out there and took some reps at defensive end. Ooh. Now it was, it was the red non-contact jersey. I expect more from RAs. I was hoping maybe some pads and cleats. I actually do think he was wearing cleats, but yeah, he's back on the field and Jamis revenge game. I kind of shame revenge game. I kind of, I I also just think that the interim bump is, you can only do so much. It's over. Yeah. It's, it actually, I, I was looking back at the game on Sunday, the Falcons and the Saints. I actually think the interim bump ended at halftime, but they were able to hold on because if you look at that game, the Falcons outgained him by over a hundred yards.


The Falcons had, I, I think it was 11 more first downs. The Falcons ran for 181 yards on the Saints. The Saints just got off to a hot start. They, they went with passion and fight and then they were able to hold on to the last second. That was a little misleading. This Brown's coming off a by Nick Chubb now feels like he might be fully, this might be the Nick Chubb's all the way back game. Yeah, yeah. That's, that's how I'm feeling. I don't hate that. The only Counteraction is if, if the Grizzler clogs a toilet before this game. Yeah. That's what he is gotta do. He is gotta take a massive, massive dump. He has to bring Bounty Gate back. But this time it's about paper towels. Yes. He has to. So yeah, I mean, I, I just think the Saints Saints are 30th and pass blocking.


The Browns are fourth and Pass Rush. The, the Saints can't stop the run. The Browns are gonna want to try to run. I think I, I'm backing on Jamis. Backing on Jamis. Yeah. Let's, let's, let's get some weird stuff going here. Jamis. Yeah. You know the building, you know how you know where everything's located in that town. You're gonna show up to the game, give a big pre-game speech. It's gonna be excellent. I think I liked Brownstone. Yeah. Okay. Rams at Patriots. My Rams minus four and a half at the Patriots. You know what, next week when I write all these down, I'll just write down all my notes. The line so I can just read it right from my notes. That was my mistake. But it could change.


But it could change. It could change, could change. Hank I'm going in optimistic probably the first time that, you know, I'm, I'm working my way into actually rooting for this team and being excited about games. I think we could win this game. I, I like how Drake May has been playing. It's been exciting. The Rams are a good team. Well coached. There's a chance that Sean McVay, you know, just absolutely Alphas the fuck outta Mayo. And, and they score like 40 points. That's definitely a possibility. But I like our chances. I like us, I like us hungry dogs. What about Drake? May's speech, It's a great speech. He Gave great speech, a candidate for Speech of the Year.


So he addressed the lock. He asked the offense coordinator permission first. Yep. Permission to address the offense. Permission granted Drake. And then apparently he, he stumbled over his words a couple times, but the message got across and Demario Douglas heard it and said, okay, it's serious now. Now that Drake May is taking leadership on Yeah, we got a leader. We got a leader, we got a good quarterback. The the players are bought in. They believe in him. I think they're gonna fight. I have, I think the Bears quit. So I think that was a little misleading. That's fair. Not from Drake. May, I think Drake May's pretty good. I think Drake May's like, he's kind of, he's kind of got a little Josh Allen where It's like he, he likes to take off And a, a couple, you know, the in in interceptions if you can.


Josh Allen threw a lot of interceptions first year. Like bring him down. Like I, I'm not saying he's Josh Allen, but I, I like Drake May what I've seen, I'm talking more about the Patriots defense. They had nine sacks, which was, oh, you know, they had 16 going into the, to the weak against the Bears than they had nine against the Bears. Yeah. And the Bears offensive line is a joke. I don't think you can pay too much mind to that. That's what I'm saying. I think I'm excited for the Patriots offense. I think there's a chance that the defense, you know, again, McVay's a really good coach and, and Mayo is not the most experienced. So this could be a serious mismatch. Rams offense, Pat's defense and, and the Patriots could lose. But we're at the point in the season where it's like, I want them to win and I want the Patriots to play Well even if we lose, I just hope that, you know, the offense looks good.


Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, your defense looked good last week. The Rams offensive line did not look good last week. But they, it's one of those tricky things where the Rams went from being like very injured. So you can blame poor offensive line play on just having stop gapped guys to then now you can blame their bad offensive line play on getting their healthy players back and not having any chemistry with the rest of the offensive line. And they didn't give 'em much help. I think they used 12 personnel 9% of the time in week 10, which is like 25% lower than what they've been doing all season. Yeah, Yeah. The Rams. Yeah. It felt like that was the week they got healthy, but not all the, they needed a game under it. Yeah. And the Rams have to win. Like they are still very much alive.


What's the weather gonna be like though? That is Rams cross coverage? That's a long Trip. Yeah. Also, that's long trip. Who's keeping the light? I don't know. Who's keeping the light in Boston on Sunday? It's gonna be nice. Oh, okay. 42 59. Obviously Gillettes a little bit outside of that, but looks like it'll be perfectly good weather. Okay. Sunny, sunny, 50 degrees. Did you watch the season finale of the Aaron Hernandez sports story? No, I haven't watched the season beginning. Season finale is interesting. The guy had Watches still. What happens? Kirk Mehan happens. Does Aaron survive? I gotta watch It. Basically what they did was they did a full season on Aaron Hernandez life, nine episodes on his life, his family, his career.


And then episode 10 was Kirk Manahan. Yeah, I saw the clips. I have to watch the whole Episode. Yeah, Kirk Manahan basically. But they were Basic, basically like Yeah, he did it. He was the villain. He, he is the, the brand, the broken of the season of American Sports story. It's ridiculous. Yeah. Wait till Aaron Hernandez dies. He does. He does. Fuck he does. I Gotta watch that, that season two. I don't know if there's gonna be a season two. I did see that Kirk had a full, he had a full movie theater packed to watch it, which is very funny. Yeah. So I gotta watch that. I haven't caught up on any tv. I'll behind. I mean that's, I've started like six different shows and I gotta watch The Penguin. I heard that was Guy Is so good.


Good. Yeah. I'm not even close to, it's so good. I started the Menendez thing, maybe two episodes. Haven't gone back to it. Skip everything. You go to Penguin. Okay. I gave up on that. Shrinking. Shrinking is awesome. I know, but I, I can't, I just can't. I start it and then football comes back on. Penguin Penguin's Good. Okay. Penguin Your time. All right. I'll The Penman also the Aaron Hernandez, just because the guy that plays Matt. Patricia. Okay. And Robert Kraft. You've said that about like 10 guys. I mean the Matt, Patricia Guy, they ba what they did was they basically put a visor and a pencil on Max and then just had him sit in silence and they're like, here's Matt. Sounds like Matt. Patricia. Yeah. That does. Okay, next up. So Hank optimistic, also excited to watch Drake May.


Yeah. I think that's fair. I'm glad that you're excited finally. Yeah. You finally got what we were telling you. Yeah. And if he gets hurt, rookie Quarterbacks watching rookie quarterbacks can be fun If he gets hurt or if he gets, if he gets tired during a play and has to take a spell. We going back to Jacoby Bassett? Or is this Joe Milton? I don't care if, if if, if that happens, I'm, I'm back out. Yeah, Yeah. You turn it off. Yeah. Okay. Vikings at Titans. Vikings at Titans Max. That Would be the Vikings minus six at The Titans. Oh, you yelled that. Well, I got excited 'cause it was, I was quick with it. Yeah. You work quick with that. I, I don't know what to make of this game because I still believe in the Titans defense and I think Sam Donald's slipping, but I also know that Brian Flores is probably gonna cause massive havoc.


Yeah. This is, this is his wet dream is going up against Will Levi. Yeah. A man who gets, he gets excited easily. I'll put it that way. Yeah. I kind of want to take the Titans in the first half. They've, they've played good, they've played good football in the first 30 minutes of every game. Or not every game, but a lot of the games and then they just fall apart. Yeah. I just, I I I go back to that matchup. Brian Flores is tough enough to deal with if you've been in the league for a long time. Yeah. And I feel like he's, he sees a quarterback with like lots of tattoos on his throwing arm and he thinks to himself, I'm gonna, I'm just gonna fuck this guy up this weekend. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Max just pulled up. The Titans are still first in defensive yards allowed.


They're also 11th in DVOA. They're a good defense. Everything else. I don't know what to make. They can get run on though. Yeah. A little bit. They titan they can, the last three weeks they've had like 137 rushing yards per game against them. That was also the lion though. Yeah, That's true. And that was Jamir Gibbs like 80 yard rush. Yeah, that's true. I saw an article that said that Sam Donald could actually be the Titans quarterback next year. That's perfect. As a bridge Quarterback. Oh my God. Is that perfect? So this could be a test drive for Sam if you're the, if you're the Titans defense, are you being told, Hey, let's, let's see what he can do. Let's run some different patterns. Let's mix up the coverages to see how he would fare against certain types of defenses so we can get a scouting.


I'm mad. I didn't think about that. Yeah. That couldn't have, that couldn't be a more perfect Fit. It would be a great fit. Right. Yeah. Okay. Last early game. Jaguars at Lions. Jaguars at Lions 13. No, I seen 14. 14. That's On me. I saw em earlier. Today is 13. It's 14. So the Jaguars have been underdogs of 13 plus points How many times? Since 2010? Since 2010. Since 2010. 13 plus points a lot. That doesn't happen often in the NFL Six 11. Six, 18 times. 18 times. They've been 13 plus point underdogs since 2010 to put into perspective since 1970.


The Pittsburgh Steelers have been 13 plus point underdogs one single time. Hmm. That's, that's quite something. That's quite something. They Pay these guys to play football too. But This is Doug Peterson's firing game. It's a bi-week next week. Trevor Lawrence is hurt. Mac Jones is going again. I have, I have this circle, this quit watch. I, I'm predicting over one and a half interceptions for Mac Jones this weekend. Mac Jones is a, is four and 15 against the spread in his last 19 starts as an underdog. Yeah. So it does feel like a blowout. It feels Like a blowout early and then a quit. Because this, if you're gonna fire Doug Peterson in season, it's going to be after playing the Lions going on a bi week.


That all just kind of tracks, right? Yeah. So, and the and the Lions, I I think they're the, I think they're the number one team I would trust with a double digit spread in the NFL right now. Yeah. I mean their offense has all the weapons. It feels like they can score 30 points against anybody. And it does. And the Jacksonville secondary is like one of the worst. They don't have a single person that's in the top 50 at Pro Football focus. Yeah. And it also feels like the Lions are just like, they, they're so dialed in. They're just push, push, push. What, what was that Face Inc. You're gonna take the Jaguars? I think so. This, this is like, this is the NFL makes no sense. Game of maybe the year Really, Don't you think?


No. They, they won't be able to pass the ball. What if they, they're gonna get, they're gonna get at least 35 points scored on 'em. I I like you releasing that though. That was for free. Just so AWS know. Hank just released his, the NFL makes no sense. Game of the Year. You, you're talking Moneyline. I will be taking the spread. I'm I you No, no, no. You gotta take Moneyline after, after making that statement. You have to take money. Well, I, I mean, I'll definitely take a Moneyline personally. I probably won't put him in the hungry dog and I'll take, but I'll take 'em spread for Well, I won't give away my picks. Oh man. But I will take them Jaguars if no one else does. I love that. And also I love the fact that Jared Goff threw five interceptions last week. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. Because he, he's not gonna do it again.


Yeah. You got him out of his system. Agreed. Agreed. Okay. Oh, you want, you want a crazy stat. This is a mind blowing stat that I found. Aiden Hutchinson is still fifth in the NFL in total Pressure. Yeah. That's pretty nuts. They were Saying that he probably would've broken the all time record. Yeah. If he stayed healthy. He Hasn't played in weeks. Also this is from Sports Info Solutions. The Jaguar's given up 11 yards a play versus Play Action passes this year. 31st. The lines are pretty damn good at play action passes. But the NFL makes no sense Game of the Year. So now I'm in a pickle. Yeah.


So Hank how confident are you in this pick? In plus 14? Yeah. Confident. What about Money Line? Not, but I will do it. But it sounds like you're supremely confident at plus 14. I am. Really? Yeah. I I, it NFL makes no sense. It's not, there's not like stats behind it. I'm very close. But that, but it happens every year. There's always games where it's like, how the fuck did the lines loose to the Jaguars when the playoffs come? I don't think it's gonna affect their seating. I don't think it's gonna affect, I love the synergy. Like it'll be, you know, oh yeah. The, the Patriots lost to the Bengals. Like the, the, that was week one. So it's not, it's harder for that to happen. It's like when Doug Peterson said, after the last game, you wouldn't understand.


He's talking about like this type of game. You, you don't understand. The NFL doesn't make sense to you. Okay. So I I'm very close to now releasing my Doug Peterson is gonna get fired after this game, game of the year. Very close. And here's the only thing I'll say to you, Hank. I know what you're saying. There is always one or two of these games. Can I interest you in a different option for this? Sure. The Kansas City Chiefs beat the Buffalo Bills. They're 10 to Oh, next week they play the Carolina Panthers. Nice. The chiefs and Chiefs have chiefs. The, the, the lines don't have the Chiefs. The lines have the opposite of like the Chief's Black Magic. The I Jack Mhar guy.


Jack Max said, I, I just saw him tweeting about it. That I guess it's like a trend on TikTok right now. That people are making memes about the Panthers ending the Chief's undefeated season. Like that calling their shot. It's like, yeah. Like everyone's just making hype videos a a, a week and a half in advance. I Like that. Listen, the Panthers have 14 days to get ready for the Chiefs. Yeah. What's Yeah. Dangerous with 14 days. What's Bryce Young's record off a long breast. Dave Canals is dangerous with 14 days dangerous. I just like that, that the Internet's getting ahead of this. I it would be, I mean it would be so funny if it happened and they just called their shot. This would be, this would be a Shocking. Can you watch one of 'em memes? Can you find one If Hank's right, this is a shocking result.


Yeah. This would be a, this would be a shocking, shocking result if this happens. Alright. M he's gonna find one for us before we do. Does It feel like this is a matchup of two teams that never played each other? Yeah, I'd agree. It does feel like the Lion and the Jaguars. Yeah. Never seen that before. Panthers and Chiefs also. Yeah. Big Time. Yeah. Big time. Haven't played each other.


Alright, so before we watch this video and get to the afternoon games, pardon my cheese steak football's back in full gear ordering Pardon my cheese steak for your game day meal or late night Eats the best play call you can make. You can order the popular Big Cat combo. Get your cheese steak of choice, fries and a drink. Find a pardon my cheese steak near you. Or order yours now@pardonmycheesesteak.com. Use code a WL for free delivery. Pardon? My cheese steak. Go get it right now. It's a perfect, perfect meal for football. Delicious cheese steaks, caramelized onions made with fresh thinly sliced steak. Pardon my cheese steak.com. Go right now. Use code a L for free delivery.


All right, let's watch this. You got this. Okay. So the, before we do the afternoon games, I wanna see these, the, the memes that are going around about the Panthers ending the Chief's. Perfect. Which again is 10 days early. 'cause they still, they they might have a, oh, max just had to do a Are you a human drag The slide thing. All right, let's see this. We're gonna stop. Who's gonna stop The Chief's three-peat. I like that the Panthers have their swag back a little bit. You gotta, this is what I love about and kind of miss about having just like everything to complain about. Yeah. Is it forces you to find creative ways to love your team. Yeah. This is, yeah. 'cause like we haven't seen this from, we haven't seen this fight from the Panthers in forever.


Oh Hero. It's Bryce Young. He's throwing one of his multiple touchdown passes. He's thrown. I love this. I love this Good spiral. That was maybe a preseason game. This is great. I Like it when they also mix in like a, a dropped pass. Yeah. Into the highlight reel. Yeah. Okay. So good luck to the Panthers in the That might be my, the NFL makes no sense. Game of the Year. Yeah. Okay. Afternoon games. We have the Falcons at the Broncos. I think the Broncos are going to get off the mat here and respond very well.


And I think the Broncos are gonna win this game. And I think we're gonna be like, what's up with the Falcons? Can they win a game? Well, fun stat about Sean Peyton because I was thinking about this game. Peyton going up against an old NFC South opponent. Sean Peyton, this year is three and oh against the NFC South. Mm. His old division. And not only is he three and oh against the south, he's absolutely fucked them up this year. Yeah. The only team that was within 14 points was the Carolina Panthers. So Sean Peyton Revenge tour, the, The Feisty Panthers. So they have a plus 56 point differential in NFC South games. I I like the Panther, or excuse me, I like the Broncos. They just replaced their, their field For a third time.


Third time, three years in a row, brought in New grass. It's Kentucky Bluegrass. And they surprised Sean Payton with it. He didn't know what was gonna happen. He's like, oh, it's beautiful. I love it. He got you a new field. I love it. Thank you. The Broncos are two and a half point favorites. I, here's why I like the Broncos in this game. The Falcons cannot rush the passer at all 32nd and pass rush. Try to, they don't blitz. They don't, they don't do anything. They just don't get pa to the passer. Bo Nicks with Time Lethal Bow Believers. I think this whole podcast. Are we all Bo Bow believers now? I've, I've been a bow believer since week one. Huge. I've gone back and forth, but I'm, I'm officially a bow. And the, the brons are rookie weak.


That's all you need to say. A pass blocking. Yeah. I, I mean I, I've been scarred by Bo Nicks in college, so I'm, it took me a little bit, but I'm now a bow lever. Fully Welcome aboard. Yeah. I feel good about being there. Bow lever. I don't know what to make of the Falcons. I think the Falcons, they're the perfect team that you would put into the slot of losing a Wild Card weekend playoff game. Yeah, That makes sense. I think that they're Good. I would like the Bronco. I would like to the Bucks to maybe get that spot. 'cause I feel like the Bucks are more, I just like Baker. Yeah. I just love Baker. Now Memes is gonna be watching this game like a hawk. Oh yeah. Like a goddamn hawk. Oh yeah. You need the Falcons. He needs the Falcons bad.


No, no bigger Falcons fan than memes this weekend. You need the Falcons bad. You need the chargers bad too. Right. And then you would be that that would make you almost all the way back. Almost all the way back. The playoff percentages are hilarious on the playoff picture. On nfl.com. Yeah. Yeah. But if you get those, if if it, you would be, if the Bengals, obviously the Colts would've to lose 'cause you have to win. You'd be one game back memes. And we have a buy after the cults. Oh wow. Get some people healthy. Get healthy. Okay. I might believe in this too. Yeah. There's some, this is another game where these teams have never played each other. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Falcon well especially in In Denver. In Denver.


Yeah. In Denver. It feels like the Falcons are not an altitude team. Yeah. This is the weird matchup week Whatsoever. Although Young Thug can go to this game. He can. He's allowed to. Yeah. Oh yeah, he can. Yeah. Yeah. He should go to all their road games. Yeah, he should. Absolutely. Okay. Seahawks at Niners Seahawks. At Niners. Niners Seahawks off of bi, the Seahawks. We talked about the Dolphins cutting their captain. The Seahawks cut their leading Tackler, which is a little weird Linebacker. Tyrell Dodson doesn't really make sense. Gino Smith has never beaten Kyle Shanahan. But if we're going off of like what team needs something more, the Seahawks, this does kind of feel like their season.


Like they have to win this game. They have to, they have to avenge the loss from earlier this year. The 49 ERs are getting better on offense. They're, so their offense without Christian McCaffrey for most of the season, they are plus 1.4 net yards per play, which is the second best offense in the NFL. But Their red zone is bad Red Zone's bad Below 50%. One of six teams that are below 50%. But, but that's C mcc, Maybe Christian McCafe being back is gonna help that out a lot. This is why I'm not, I'm not out on the, on the Niners at all. I feel like this is per, this is perfectly Niners. Yeah. To start out this slow and then they put their foot on the gas. Yeah. They're the, the NFC West. No one's run away with it. So Yeah. The Niners are gonna be in a, a fine spot.


I just, yeah, the Seahawk, this is the Seahawks season off of by you got the spot you, you're playing in the division. If you can find a way to win this, your season's still alive. If you lose this, it's gonna be big, big trouble. It does, it does not make any sense to cut your leading tackler does it? No, I don't get it. It's like how much, how much more would you like him to tackle? Yeah. I don't get it. That Seems like a problem. If you're mad that he has that many tackles, it's probably a problem with the guys that play in front of him. Yeah. Cutting your leading tackler, cutting your team captain. Weird moves. Yep. Alright, last one. I'm the captain now in the afternoon, the best one. Chiefs at Bills. Chiefs at Bills. We should start as always. Patrick Mahomes is 12 one and one Against Spread is an underdog.


That needs to be said. That needs to be said. That needs to be said. That needs to be said again. 12. One and one is an underdog. The Chiefs are winning games by the skin of their teeth. Are they playing with fire? I don't know because the, like, because I would say that that the University of Miami, they've been playing with fire all year And they got burned And they got burned. BY u's been playing With Fire. They've been playing with fire. I don't think that the chiefs have been playing with fire. I think they, I think they've been grinding it out. I think They've played with fire. I don't know if they're playing with fire Right now. They've Played with fire. They've dabbled in fire, They've dabbled in fire, They've lit a match. The Broncos game last week was definitely dabbling with fire.


That was definitely like, you know, like a little kid lighting some grass on fire being like, Ooh, this is cool. Yeah. Also sometimes playing with fire just kicks ass. Yeah. And I I this Is more like a fire witch like Game of Thrones like blood sacrifice situation that they have going on. Go on. No. Okay. Like it's Like, wait was that the, the redheaded? Yeah the redhead. She was hot red the Best until she got old. Yeah, Yeah. No, but then she got hotter. But it's Like they've, yeah they've, they've, they've done some crazy shit to get to this spot and that's might be the fire they're playing with. But it's not. It does, I, it's because Patrick Mahomes, Patrick Mahomes and it's Andy Reed that if it were any other team, I think we'd be like, they're fraudulent 'cause they keep getting these crazy endings and they but you can't say the chiefs are fraudulent 'cause they've done it before and they might just be like you said, tough.


There's a part of me that thinks that maybe the chiefs have intentionally not blown teams out. Yeah. So that they can learn how to win and be comfortable winning close games that would not like Andy Reed when he, when he dials up the weird shit in the red zone where he does like ring around the Rosie, he's got Travis Kelsey throwing like shovel passes to Patrick Mahomes. That weird stuff like Andy Reed sometimes I think tries to put his team in very complicated situations Yeah. To build up their mental toughness. Yeah, I agree. I'm worried about, so Keon Coleman I believe is out. Dalton Kincaid is most likely out. Amari Cooper is trying to come back. It does feel like a lot of, that's a lot of guy. That's a lot of guys that, that the bill's need to be full strength.


And again, Patrick Holmes is an underdog. God dammit. The one thing that makes me bullish on the bills here, sports Info Solutions has a stat, the chief blitz the fourth most in the NFL. Josh Allen has been the most efficient quarterback against the blitz blitzes season. But what makes me like the bills is that the bills take the ball away a lot. Yeah. That's what makes me like the bills Too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they take the ball away a lot. And Patrick Mahomes loves throwing interceptions. He does. Did you guys see Matt Collins quote, it's the most like trying to inspire yourself for no fucking reason. Quote of all time. He said that he does not take elevators on away trips and on game days because no one is gonna carry him to success.


Mm. I like that. That's Yeah. He's built like that Harbaugh Or ridiculous quote. How are you gonna show your coach how much, how much adversity you can respond to in a stuck elevator situation. He said when they get to the hotel, the team will like, there'll be someone from the team who will be standing by the stairs being like, Mack this way. Yeah. No shortcuts. Take the stairs. I'm Fine with it. We have an elevator here in this office. We have two floors. I take it all the time. That's Probably why my great grandfather sucked at football. Yeah. Loved the Elevators. Took the elevator's success. Okay. I, yeah, I, I'm so excited to watch this game. I just, I keep getting burned. Wait, what is this?


Harrison Booker's hurt. Harrison Bucker is out. Oh. He's got a knee injury. Oh That's actually huge. Alright. Here. Oh, I might be Bills now because that, that's, this does does feel like a field Goal game here. Here's what worries me a lot. Here's what worries me a lot. Big Cat, the guy that they signed was off the Jets Practice squad. They signed a kicker. Oh. He is gonna be incredible. That's Our kicker. We don't have a kicker on the roster. They signed a kicker who was not good enough to make the jets as a kicker. Wow. He was our kicker last week. So who, who's your kicker now? Anders Carlson. Oh. Oh, Swedish guy. He was, He was bad on the Packers. He was really bad on the Packers. But One game with the four nine ERs, he went 4, 4 5 5. Oh my God. Mees one game.


But one game That's, that's about as low as you can get. Signing a One game sample size for a kicker. Signing the Jets backup kicker. No, but that, imagine How bad he was in practice. No, no, No. For the Jets to be like, mm, No this is no that's that's their starting kicker. That was their starting kicker. No. So he is on the practice squad right now for the jet. They move, they move him down, then they bring out for game day. Okay. Now this seems like it was just done only to piss memes off hold. But I, I would put the GM of the Chiefs as a top floreal right now because he just did this to fuck with You. And I'm, now I'm back on the Chiefs. 'cause Hank, what, what is this game? The blood, whatever you said Blood.


Blood magic. Blood magic. The Jets practice squad kicker kicking a like 57 yarder to beat the bills. Of course it's also, and and Andrew Carlson missing a p kick to beat the cults. Those two things are gonna happen. Don't forget about that one game though. Yeah. The one game sample side game size. You were in four for four. Yeah. This also Andy Reed being like, I, we need to learn how to win in tough situations. Let's take our great kicker, the best kicker in the NFL And we will sub him in for a guy that can't make a kick. Yeah. And we'll see if we can overcome him shanking some shit into the fifth row. Just a little bit of adversity. Yeah, just a little bit of adversity.


Me memes. You crack me up. Memes. He, so he was on the, the, he did not have a game. Oh he was five for five in two games. I believe it was two games. I thought, I thought it was just one. But either way Fired up. No, it was two games total. He was five for five Ratings. Bonanza in this game. Ratings. Big time Ratings. Ratings Bonanza. It's gonna be an Awesome game. CBS is jacking off to this game. I dunno. Jim Ratings bonanza on mute. Yeah. Okay. Last game on Sunday Bengals at Chargers Boys.


This is, this is a huge one for our Chargers. Future Chargers Minus one and a half at home against Bengals. This is a huge one for our Chargers future. Yeah. Joe Burrow. Oh and two against the Chargers. He's only played against Justin Herbert once the over under is is pretty high on this game, isn't it? Yeah. Isn't It like 48? But the Penals just make everyone go Over. They do make everyone go over. Joe Burrow leads league in incredible, incredible performances where he ends up losing somehow. I love the Chargers here. I love him. I love how much Harbaugh loves Herbert. I love that shit. He, so we said on Sunday that he started telling reporters that we're gonna start calling Justin Herbert Beast Herbert Her, her Beast.


I think it was just Beast. Beast Herbert. And then you watch the miked up of Harbaugh during the game and you can see the second that he decides that he's a beast. And then Harbaugh goes around to the entire coaching staff, all the other players and tells him for the rest of the game. He's a beast, isn't he? He's a beast. He's a beast isn't he? Yeah. Yeah. He's he's a beast. He loves him Bengals 27th and pass blocking charters. Sixth and Pass Rush. I also just think the Bengals, so I was thinking about it more 'cause I don't want to give up on the Bengals, but I'm also thinking about giving up on the Bengals because are we getting fooled a little bit by the Bengals playing the Ravens really close twice. Maybe they're just built to play against the Ravens Because there are other winds are against the Panthers, giants, Deshaun, Watson and Raiders.


And in our heads we're like, but they basically beat the Ravens twice. So maybe they're just engineered to play the Ravens close. Correct. Now follow me on this. I guess they did play the Chiefs close too. The Chargers. Excuse me. The Chargers have a shit load of old Ravens players that they brought over. So does that mean that the Bengals are, are built to also play tough against the Chargers? And They're Harbaugh And they're Harbaughs. I'm excited for this game. It's a great Sunday night game because it's basically, if the Chargers win this game, they, they, they basically end the Bengals season. The Bengals win this. They're, they're Back. And by the rule of the Harbaughs, no team has gone two and oh against both the Harbaugh brothers this year.


Yeah. Is T Higgins gonna play? Is he ever gonna play again? It feels like he's making a business decision. He's Expected to return. Oh, okay. So he is back. But We don't know. We're gonna find out more probably later today, tomorrow. Yeah. I feel like there's, there's maybe a little business decision which he should do. If you don't give him a new contract, why wouldn't you be like, I'm not gonna get injured more on a season. Like I'm, I'm gonna wait till I'm a hundred, a hundred percent healthy. That's so funny. Watching the Bengals having to cross the street. It's Brutal. So again, just remind everybody, the Chargers are the fourth team in the last 40 years to hold opponents under 21 points in their first nine games of the season. Oh.


Only been done four times. Defense is legit. Legit. Our friend John Gruden who's coming up did point out that the quarterbacks they've played have not been great. That's true. So you have to play that game in, in fairness, you have to play that game as well where you're like, okay, they beat up on some bad quarterbacks and Joe Brozo really, really, really, really good quarterback. I don't know. This game's great. I'm just gonna enjoy, you know what, I think Vegas got it right. I like that. I think Vegas got off. Got right hats off Vegas. I actually don't think I'm gonna bet this game because we have our Chargers future. So it's, we have bet this game. I'm betting this game is massive for the Chargers. I'm Betting the under in this game. Okay. I Cashed out. You did? Yeah. You got an option to cash out? Yeah, for like half.


Oh, Hank, I added more. 35. I'm just a Augh guy. What can I say? You didn't cash out Travis Hunter did you? No. Oh, nice. Okay. Weekend. I can't Nope, you can't. Okay. You, you physically can't or you, you Won't, I don't think they let you cash out on futures. Oh, okay. Say you do, you won't do that to us. No, I like, I I won't because I can't. Got it. I'm not saying I wouldn't got it in Theory. Okay, let's do our touchdown prop parlay and let's do our picks.


Every day is game day a Draftking Sportsbook Now through the end of the year, it's extra special. All customers will get a special daily promo every single day. From profit boosts, odd boosts, no sweat bets and more. There's something for everyone. Download the Draftking Sportsbook now and use code take that's code. Take and take advantage of special daily promotions only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER (800) 327-5050 Or visit gambling helpline ma.org in Massachusetts in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9. Please gamble responsibly in Connecticut. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org or visit md gambling help.org In Maryland 21 and over in P in most states, 18 and over in Washington, DC, Kentucky, New Hampshire or Wyoming offer void in Ontario Void. Were prohibited. Eligibility restrictions apply terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. One plus promotion per day promotion, sport eligibility and requirements vary. Ends 12 31 24 sponsored by DraftKings.


Touchdown Parlay. Let's hit one. I lost Hank back in. Hank back in. I'll go jk. JK Dobbins. We'll leave it up to the night game. Let's get the first two legs. Alright. JK Dobbins is minus one 15. Anytime. So someone told, so an a WL tweeted me after the show on Friday. He's like, you, what you guys put in was doomed to fail 'cause you had no conviction. So let's have conviction. PFD You have conviction. I have conviction. I'm a 12 man, jury of one and I'm convicting this motherfucker. Okay. Jamir Gibbs. Oh, I love it. Jamir Gibbs. I love it. Hey, I against the Jaguar, He's minus one 50 At his convict. We're trying to get one through the No, that's fine, that's fine. Hank Conviction.


Sorry Big Cat. I am gonna go easy. A a bet that I feel like is, is is not gonna be hard. They're gonna score a lot of touchdowns. I'm going Josh Jacobs. He's minus 1 45 Touchdown score. Don't apologize. But yeah. What's your, see, let's see. One through. So What are we at? What's this? What's this par lay up to? Should we add a fourth? Should we add a fourth? No, Let's get three. Let's Get, all right, let's get three. You're right, you're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right, you're right. Okay, we gotta do our picks too. What are the standings? We're all bad. I'm hot. You are myself. I'm 4.004. But what are the standings? I'm 500. Me And Hank 10. So and you're in first? Yep.


So we're all bad. Speak for yourself. Number one is in is 504 And oh Me and Hank 10 and 10. Big Cat nine and 11 PFT. Eight and 12 Max seven, 12 and one. Okay. We are bad. That's bad. We're bad. No one over 500 is bad. It's okay to be bad. Alright, who's up first? That'd be me. I'm gonna go Kansas City Chiefs bills over 46. It's A fun over. Fun. Fun, fun, fun In the sun. I am gonna go Jamis. Revenge browns minus one. Shit. I wanted that. All right. Wanted that. I'm going to go with the Niners minus six and a half Against the Seahawks Hosting the Seahawks.


Okay. They went by 12 on the road without McCaffrey. I feel like six and a half. Doable. All right. I really wanted that one. Max. You're son of a bitch. I, you Did that to me last week. It's true. I'll take the Denver Broncos minus two and a half I against the Atlanta Falcons. It's a good pick. I will be taking the Baltimore Ravens at the Pittsburgh Steelers under 48 and a half. Lot of hard fought defense field goals. Not gonna be letting up touchdowns. Easy. 48 and a, a lot of points in my humble opinion. And then I'll be taking the NFL doesn't make any sense. Game of the Year. Jaguars plus 14 at the Detroit Lions.


Mm. Okay. All I'll take the Seahawks Niners over four. Ah, That was mine. Yeah. Got It back. Yes. I'm gonna go with the under in Vikings Titans. 39 and a half. That's A good pick. That's a great pick. I love It. I love this. Pick PFT. That's A great pick. Thank you. I love it. I, I wanna marry this. Pick it. Love complimenting each other on picks when we're, it's so bad. So, But you know, that's a good pick. It's a Great pick. Yeah. It's An awesome pick. It's a, I don I actually don't care if it wins. I'm just happy with how good of a pick it is. Everyone's had great picks so far. I'm A process guy, not a results guy when it comes to gambling. Yeah. That's how you know. I'm good. I'm lost right now. I'm going to, I'll go, I'm gonna go with, This is so awful.


Bengal. No is awful. I don't like that. This is so awful. Well, I, I, I always have just one pick and then you you, you robbed that of me. Oh, this is, I'm gonna go, this is Hank wants to kill you right now. Memes. You go, you, me you go. Oh, I'll take the Texans minus seven. Okay. That did nothing for me. I needed, I needed more of a spike. Oh, I'm gonna go Packer's bears over 40 and A half. That's a bad pick. I like that. That's a really bad pick. No, that was a terrible pick this pick. I the bear. I mean the p That could easily be a 34 to three game. Yeah, it could for sure. That would be an under, But that would maybe Caleb's good now Mary and Caleb's good. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like that.


What's What weather like on Sunday? It's gonna be nice. I think it's gonna be nice. Yeah. Balmy. That's an, that's an over, that's an over number. That Is weather. Alright, let's finish up with Fancy fuck Boys. And we'll go to our interview with John Gruden in person. Our newest coworker,


fantasy Fuck Boys. Brought to you by Body Armor. Real hydration, real ingredients. Packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing Artificial. Body armor, sports drinks has great tasting flavors like strawberry, banana and blue raspberry. Not only do you, we hydrate with body armor, but some of the best athletes in the world do as well. Like Christian McCaffrey, Joe Burrow and Sabrina Escu. We love it. My stra strawberry banana right there is my favorite by far. Get yours today at Walmart or local grocery stores near you with Body Armor. Go right now. The best drink in the world.


What's up boys? What's up brother? It's Rico Rocco son. Hey, Rico. Rocco sending you. Hey you a little bit. You got the m Little Irish boy? Yeah. Yeah. My Irish stallion. Best of both worlds. My stam this week is Duck Hodges. Yeah. He's not in the NFL. Turns out he's selling real estate and he's dating Country Star Lanny Wilson. Oh, good for duck. Good for duck. Duck fucks Duck fucks. And he fucking Duck Fucks sells. Sell Land up Guy Cleans up My sitm. Pray to God. Jake Paul. Jake Paul. I don't think it's gonna happen, but I hope so badly that he gets fucking knocked on his ass and knocked out and sits down forever.


Hypothetically. Yeah. Knocked out. Not forever, but like for, you know, 10 seconds. Fight gets cold. Would love to see that. Don't think it's gonna happen though. But I really wanted To Tyson's a bad man. He's old. My SM or my sleeper. Jamo Williams. Jamon Williams. Jamo. Take a shot. Jacksonville, 32nd rink pass defense. And they allow the most yachts to pass. Play. Gonna get a lot of points. I love that. It's gonna be a shootout. Jags are gonna win, but James Williams is gonna go off. He's Got a little surprise in the trunk waiting for the Jaguars, if you know what I'm saying. A little bit. Hey, what's up? This is Alex Jones from infowars.com Prison. Planet tv. They sold my website.


So this is the only place that you can hear Alex Jones. What's up Alex? I'm starting this weekend. I'm starting folks. The New England Patriots folks. I'm starting the Patriots. I've got documents right here. I love New England defense. Shutting down the Rams. You can bet on a Patriot Act to be used to prevent any future McVay's from creating explosives. That's a fact. Love it. This week I'm sitting CJ Stroud. CJ Stroud. He's number seven in your programs. I call this guy building seven because he collapsed the other week. Even though the Jet's never really hit him that bad. My sleeper is Anthony Richardson. He is like Dr. Fauci taking so many unnecessary shots.


The people are waking up. People are waking up. Expect a lot of false flags from New York Jets. Google operates to Northwood. The Jets are Lazar people. Oh, Lazar people. What's up guys? What's up Fuckers. It's Tony Macaroni. Hey Tony. What's on? Hey, Tony Macaroni. Hey Dom. My stardom this week is going to be the Dallas Cowboys and Cooper Rush. I don't know, I feel I have a feeling it's my, the NFL makes no sense. Game of the Year. The co cou. You like that? I like the phrase, you like the phrase, you're my blood magic game of the year. You like that? Yeah. Mycin is, what Time is this game being played? That's Monday night.


Mycin is the, So there's no sun involved? No sun involved. My cinemas in Houston, Texas. 'cause they've had not one, not two, but possibly three players only meetings in the last five days. I saw that. That's way too many. It's a lot of play. That's way too many players. Only league. We just call That Practice. That's, yeah. And my sleeper is daylight savings time. Set your clocks back this week everyone. It's gonna suck. But you lose that hour of sleep. Daylight, savings time. Make sure you set your clocks Saturday night. Seriously though. Make sure you set your clock Saturday night. Very Important. I forgot last week. I know, I know. I know you did. 'cause you were late. I was late. Yeah. All week. Yeah. Literally all week. Yeah. You were one hour Late. I know. It sucked. It was nuts.


Reverse. You show up exactly one hour late. Reverse Coughlin time. Yeah. Okay, let's get to our interview with John Gruden and then we'll finish up with Fire Fest of the week.


Before we get to Coach Gruden, he's brought to you by our good friends over at Chevy. There's a reason why we've never done the Mount Rushmore of pickup trucks. And that is because there's only one pickup truck for you for part of my take. It's the only truck that we have done business with. It's the only truck that gets us here and there. It gets us across the country. It gets us all around on Grit Week, and it sponsors the Low Man Trophy, nation's top fullback. Look for the watch list coming out soon. The Silverado is a partner with Legendary Grit. It's got modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens, up to eight cameras, 14 different views. It helps make driving, towing, and parking all easier. We love the Bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. Head over to chevy.com. Build your own Silverado or your Silverado hd. Check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado chevy.com. Check it out today.


Coach Gruden's also brought to you by our friends over at Muggsy Muggsy jeans. They make damn comfortable clothing for guys everywhere. They started it in 2015, they reinvented the jeans game and now they make the best jeans, chinos, tops, joggers. They make it all. Muggsy works exclusively with some of the best designers and manufacturers all around the world. They deliver the finest quality fabrics directly to your door. Their entire goal is making guys more comfortable at work, at the bar, on the course, wherever. They give them a one place to shop for everything. They make buttery, soft, patented stretch materials that look stylish, but they're insanely comfortable. Never too baggy, never too tight. Over 20,005 star reviews from dudes of every shape and size. First Time com customers can get 20% back on their first order right now. Just go to muggsy.com, enter your email, and the discount is automatically added to your cart. That's 20% back on the jeans and pants that you will want to wear every day for the rest of your life. That the only jeans that I own. Muggsy jeans, free shipping, free returns on every single order. The only risk is never knowing how great they truly are. They feel like sweatpants. They're the most comfortable jeans in the world. I'm telling you, these jeans will change your whole outlook on life. Check it out mugsy.com. Get 20% back.


And now here's Coach Gruten. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest and our newest coworker. It is Super Bowl champion Coach John Gruden. First of all, congrats and welcome to the Pirate Ship. This is a, this is a pinch me moment for myself because obviously John Gruden, you, you know, you grow up watching on the sidelines and obviously Monday Night Football, the Raiders, and now you're our coworker. Does that now diminish your legacy? No. That you are sitting in the room with us. Are you kidding me? I I, I really, it's like a dream for me. I mean, you talk about a new life. I don't know that much about anything other than sitting in a dark room.


Yeah. But being a, you know, coming down here to Chicago, seeing this facility hanging out with Port Noy, getting on this show with you guys and being a part of this team is awesome. I'm excited about it. I know I got a long way to go and a lot to prove. But with your help Yeah, yeah. You, I know I can, I can make It your Number, number one draft there. Yeah. Right. It's also a genius move from your perspective as well, because you, like, I think there's a, a group of fans. What was your years that you did Monday Night Football? 10, I think it was 2009. Okay. I did it for nine years. So, yeah, So 18. 18. So, you know, it's been, what, six, seven years? So people forget that you are part of the best booth in broadcasting, and now you get to, you know, you get to basically get reemer reintroduced to the internet age.


Like people need more Gruden. Wow. We're gonna give 'em more Gruden. I'm gonna do my best. I tell you though, this this, this whole operation for the fans that haven't seen it, to walk in here and see it, it's, it's really incredible. The facility. Yeah. The kind of people that you've hired, the passionate sports fans. Yeah. You know, there is no clock that you guys punch. Everybody just kind of does their own thing. It's an amazing operation. I'm proud to be here. It's, I like it. We we got a good organization going Right now. Yeah. It's been very funny. PFT you just walked in, but like, people have been going up to Gruden and he's gotten the, the introduction to everyone in their interesting, like weird, you know, ticks and everything. Because Jerry immediately said, are you wearing Creed?


So he, he spotted Gruden's cologne, big T went up to him, was like, I have to ask you right now, how close were you taking the Tennessee job? Mincy has tried to hire him to the Saints. He's just getting like, you're just Meet Frank to Tank. Yeah. Frank Tank. We gotta get you on a string with Frank. Yeah. And we got a big game tonight. Yeah. That's, that's what I'm most excited about. You know, the commanders heading into Philly, so it'll be an awesome night. I'm fired up. Yeah. Yeah. So, so Big T did ask me to ask you that on the record, because he's a giant volunteers fan. He only wears Tennessee Orange O only wears the Power T He wanted to know how, how close you were to actually signing that, because there was a rumor. You remember you had your picture taken in a Hooters Yeah, I think in Knoxville, Tennessee.


Yeah. And the internet went wild. They were like, okay, Gruden's in the Hooters, he's gonna be our coach. I thought John Gruden might just love Hooters that much, that he's just casually stopping in for, for an ice cold beer. No, I do love Hooters. I, I did love Hooters when Hooters was in their heyday, but my wife cheered at Tennessee. I love Tennessee. I was a graduate coach there, and I did talk to the athletic director, and I don't look up to anybody more than I look up to Peyton Manning and Kenny Chesney. Those are two of my favorite Tennessee guys. And I was very interested in doing it, but at that time, I was having so much fun on Monday Night Football with Mike Tico. I couldn't take any other job. Yeah, yeah. You, you did have that stretch where it was like every year it was like, well, Gruden's Open.


That had to feel good. It was every single year it felt like they'd be like, well, there's a opening Gruden. Well, They fire so many coaches now. I know Big Cat. I mean, every year, you know, six or seven of your best friends get fired and Yeah. But to be in the thought process is, is always exciting. And hell, Tennessee was one that is really close to my heart. I almost did consider pulling a trigger there. Yeah. You're talking about how coaches they get, they get fired all the time. We're in that season where we start to speculate about what openings are gonna be ready to go next season. Do you think that the NFL moves on from coaches too quickly? Sometimes I do. I remember as a young coach, when I was coaching the Raiders in 1998, I went to the owners' meetings and every owner and every head coach was in there.


I was 34 years old. I look over there and there's Marty Schottenheimer over, there's Mike Shanahan and Mike Holmgren. Then you see Joe Gibbs, bill Cower. And it just seemed every team, Tom Kauflin of the Jaguars, Tony Dungy, Tampa, every team had a coach that was there for a period of years. Dan Reeves with the Falcons, and now they change coaches every year or two and they change offense and defensive coordinators, like they change shirts. And I think that has a lot to do with the lack of quarterback consistency and development over time. Yeah. Yeah. What about, what about offensive coordinators? So if you're set, if you're a defensive head coach and you're setting up your staff, you want to get the best offensive coordinator that you can, obviously.


But then there's also the danger that if he performs too well at his job, he's gonna be hired as a head coach next season, then you have to go and find somebody else to fill that guy's shoes. Like is that a double-edged sword where it's like he's the best guy for my team right now, but I also have to have a, a roster of guys that I'm ready to elevate? That's a great point. Great point. That is a great point. You know, that's why the model that I learned growing up was with the 49 ERs. Bill Walsh called the plays was the head coach. Mike Congre, who I worked for was the head coach called the Plays. So if you lose your coordinator, you're able to call the plays yourself. But when you're a defensive coach, and as you said, if you hire a hot shot coordinator, he is probably gonna be gone. You better have somebody in your operation that has learned the system, that can teach the system and keep your system alive if that guy leaves.


Yeah. Yeah. This is a weird question, but I'm gonna ask a weird question. Did Mark Davis ever say like, Hey, I really like your haircut. Yeah, no, I said, I like your haircut. You, You should go Mark Davis. You know what, I get my $15, I get it dry and I let it fly and I move on. You know, I mean, he's wearing a hat and sunglasses. Yeah. You know, but no, my hairstyle is, it's not really well thought through Debbie. Mark Davis has, have you, did you ever think about it? Like, Hey, he, he might gimme a couple extra million dollars if I just start going bull cut. Yeah, he might. Yeah. I don't know. It's just twin. I never looked at it quite like that, but I have been criticized for my hair several times. Did I ask you if you ever went to a PF Chang's with him?


I have. You Have. I have. Tell us everything. We, this is our, we want to go to a PF Changs with Well, in, in Oakland. Yeah. There's a beautiful PF Changs and not, not in Oakland. It's, it's a fancy part of town. I can't remember what it was called. But there's not a normal PF Chang's. It's like the killer PF Chang's. It's like the PF Chang is on steroids. Yeah. An MD walks in, he sits up there, he is, got the same seat and he, they know exactly what he wants mean. So he doesn't even order, they just bring It. Well, they pretty much know what he wants. He absolutely is dialed in at PF Chang's. I mean, it's unbelievable. Yeah. We, it's really a hell of a place. Yeah. I, I learned to love it myself. Yeah. Did he drive you there in the van? No, I think I met him there. Yeah. Okay. The van is another, that's a bucket life item for us.


Yeah. When we found out he drove that van. But yeah, we, the PF Chang's, like we, apparently he goes there every day. You know, the Bucks play the Raiders December 8th in Tampa. Maybe you guys should come down. Ooh. Maybe MD will be there. There is a nice PF Chang's in Tampa perhaps. Yeah, We did, we did get a verbal Yes. We, we kind of accosted him at the Super Bowl when we saw 'em in a, in the lobby in Vegas. We were like, Hey, come on the show. And he is like, okay. But I don't think it really stuck. I think we could do maybe, maybe we do a double dip, maybe we go to PF Chang's and Hooters. Oh yeah. So, so I did a bad job last time we had you on the show because we talked about your, your Fired Football Coaches Association. Is that the correct name for it? Yes, it is FFCA.


The synthetic football team that you've built in a Tampa strip mall. I didn't know that you guys were essentially located in the headquarters of Hooters. Well, at one time we were. Now I'm not. Okay. You not. I have my own standalone building. I've graduated to higher levels. Okay. But when Hooters came around, my dad was coaching for the Bucks. I needed a summer job and Hooters just showed up. This is like 1986. And I got a job at the original Hooters in Clearwater, Florida. I was a wing shaker, oyster shucker, beer keg changer. Best job I ever had. Then I moved on to Hillsborough. Hooters, the number two Hooters. I was a backup college quarterback at Dayton. And I remember getting on the plane, going to training camp, crying.


I didn't wanna leave Hooters, man. I was, I just wanna work at Hooters. My dad said, get your ass on a plane. I love Hooters. Yeah. Oyster shucking. That's no joke. That's a, that's a tough job. You, they give you the glove, you can cut yourself up a little Bit. Yeah. It's tough. I mean it's hard labor. Yeah. Yeah. But it probably makes it easier. But Back in the day, easier having the ERs when Hooters was rolling there wasn't a better place for me. Yeah, I Bet. Talking about the NFL this year, who in your mind is running the most innovative offensive stuff? Obviously everyone knows Ben Johnson, he's talked about a lot, but who's maybe an under the radar guy. You're like, what he's doing is, is some stuff that people are gonna start copying a couple years down the line. 'cause that's really what the NFL ends up being is his copycat leak.


Yeah, that's, that's something I've been looking for. I'm always, I have two servers in my office and I make cutups. I'm looking for new concepts to teach and use. If I ever do coach or when players and coaches come in, what's going on? What are people doing in the red zone? Third down short yardage. I was interested in grubs, the guy that went to Seattle. Yeah. Early in the year they were shredding people. And I still think they do some really cool things offensively in Seattle. I do like Ben Johnson because I recognize the offense. I like what Cliff Kingsbury has done. Yeah. With Washington and, and when you have a guy like Daniels, you can call any play you want, but their usage of those backs, they use two at a time.


McNichols, Eckler Robinson, it doesn't matter. Rodriguez comes in and they do an excellent job with the ball distribution. I like teams that use the tight end. Zach Ertz. Yeah. They gotta go to receiver McClaren. They can run the ball. They can do a lot. So I can't wait for tonight's game because I wanna see Kingsbury, the offensive coordinator of Washington against Vic Fangio, the D coordinator of Philly, who's done a hell of a job. Yeah. Vic Fangio can coach defense Hell Of a job. And their defense, their defense has gotten a lot better over the course of the year too. So I don't know it, I've heard a lot of people say that it's, you know, getting more comfortable with the system, especially the quarterbacks and the safeties, understanding what Vic Fangio is trying to do. Can you explain to us what that means?


How a team can finally like understand the concepts of the system and feel comfortable with it? You know what I think too is, well Vic Fangio is a great teacher and he hired, I think a very good defensive staff. And when you go watch teams practice, you can see the coaches that are better developing players in teaching their system than maybe others. Fangio has a lot of young players on this defense. They're emerging. I mean, Nolan Smith, nobody realizes he's starting the kid, the linebacker, Kobe Dean, he's playing his butt off. Zach Bond is one of the best kept secrets in the league. He was an on the ball linebacker for the Saints. I don't ever remember him playing inside linebacker, a rookie corner Mitchell, a rookie nickel guy, Cooper Deje, a lot of young guys that are really kicking ass in this system.


And I think a lot of it has to do with the simplicity of it. It's not over the, not a ton of blitzes and 96 different coverages, but I also think he teaches effort. You know, he teaches guys how to tackle taking proper angles. They're very detailed, they're very disciplined and there are no exceptions. Yeah. Fangio is a hell of a coach and he's hired really good coaches to help him. Yeah. And from the offensive coordinator side, we talked a little bit about Kingsbury, but I wanna talk about Ben Johnson for a minute. So Ben Johnson, he was like the top number one hottest name head coach, last off season, decided to go back to Detroit. He's probably gonna get even more money on the open market if he chooses to take a head coaching job this year.


But what is it that Ben Johnson does that's so innovative? You know, he does a lot pre-snap. What I love about Detroit is they win in the pre-snap, meaning they'll change the tight end, they'll change the receiver, they'll motion two or three times before the ball is snapped and they'll let Jared Goff pick a play. They're using the pre-snap to recognize your defense. I call it RCE. You recognize the defense and when you know what defense they're in, now you communicate a play to beat that defense. And that's what leads to great levels of execution. I call it RCE now. They're blessed. They have an excellent offensive line. They got a one two punch in the back field. That's unbelievable.


Those two cats are great. They got a great slot receiver who's a total badass. The way he plays in blocks. I mean, you watch this guy play, he's like a Tommy Hearns. He's like a haggler type guy. Yeah, yeah. He'll get in the ring and kick your ass now. Yeah. And with Jameson Williams, they got the guy that can turbo it over the top and golf, other than last week hasn't been good. He's been great. Yeah, he has. He's been like, perfect. So the Jets, I got a question about the Jets. There was a report this week that Jeff Ulbrich, the interim head coach, went back to the fundamentals of tackling this week. So they put the pads back on. He even gave a demonstration of tackling to start the practice.


That's, I mean, we already know the Jets are in disarray, but what does that say when you have to do a fundamental of tackling? Did you ever do that as a coach, like halfway through the season? Like, Hey, we gotta learn how to tackle again. Well, we try to emphasize tackling. And when you have a poor tackling game or a poor tackling month, you want to emphasize tackling. I'm surprised he came out and said that. Yeah. Because your players, you know, they got a lot of pride in tackling, but the jets do have problems. And I had always said that their defense wasn't part of the problem, but I know o Brick is in charge of the defense. He expects a lot from the defense and they didn't give it to him last week in Arizona. So I can understand his frustration.


Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's been interesting up there. It feels like they, they didn't really have much of a plan going into the season, or at least a plan for how to fix things. So, have you ever been on a team that started out slow and you know, the media's saying coaches lost the locker room, they're gonna move on maybe in season firing for Coach Gruden. And have you ever turned a team like that around? And if you have, how did you, how did you take things from, you know, the brink of collapse to making everybody buy back in? Well, I was a coach 15 years, so I've been a part of everything. My hands are dirty. You know, we've gone from first to worst and, you know, there's a, there's a short, short way from the penthouse to the outhouse. But in this league right now, with the ability to change your team and free agency in the draft and your coaching staffs, you can flip it in a, in a year.


So I, we've gone from last to first in the NFC South, you gotta have mental toughness. And I think you have to have a, a real bond in which how you handle the media and what you're saying in public, you know, there's just too much out there right now. When the fire starts in your kitchen, if you start releasing all these statements, it just gets bigger and bigger and bigger. Yeah. And it becomes an inferno. You can't stop. Yeah. But there's negativity in Chicago. Yeah. That's What's happening. And it's, It's, it's just a horrible thing. Yeah. So I was always one of those guys that I was always trying to stir the emotions, try to, I try to piss you off one day, make you laugh, make you cry, fire you up. I just think you gotta keep everybody together and it's us against the world.


I think the great teams, the teams that come out of it are the teams that love the misery. And we used to talk about that. Don't you love that we're ing to, we're all beat up. We're tired, we're 10 point underdog, we gotta go on the road, our dog just shit in our yard. Certain teams love the opportunity to showcase how they can come out of it and certain teams don't. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you, you, you said it, the, the cracks after the commander's Hail Mary. Like it just, it was a report from five different guys doing media and it all looked bad and it was finger pointing. Yeah. And so if you were to coach the Bears, I want you to stay here at Barsol, but if you wanna coach the Bears, I could, we could maybe get that worked out as well.


If you were to coach the Bears, what would be the first thing you do to try to put Caleb Williams back on path? Because it feels like we're off the path right now. It feels like we're off the road and it's starting to kind of care to a bad spot. What would be the first thing that you would tell him? Tell your team, tell your offense. What would, what would be the the first like, Hey, this is the fundamentals we gotta do. Well, It's getting late to do that. Yeah. You know, we're at the 10 week point of the season. I'm saying more for next year. I think the big thing you do is you have a private meeting with the guys you deem as your leaders, the defensive leadership, the offensive leadership, the eight or nine Chicago bears that you're really saying, this is the heart and soul of our football team.


And we're gonna get behind this quarterback And we gotta spread that news downstairs and publicly. But we gotta make this guy a great player. He is gonna be a hell of a player unless we screw it up. Right. Let's be honest with you, you've had a lot of guys come through here, but this guy's a unique talent and right now he needs support man. Yeah. And he needs it the most from his coach and the blue chip leaders that we have on the team now, I don't know what kind of leadership they have on this bear football team. Yeah. Brisker hurt. They got a bunch of guys from different teams. DJ Moore, Keenan Allen, everybody's the number one receiver. Swift is a new player. I think they're all searching for an identity, but we better figure it out.


This is our guy right here. Yeah. And we gotta get him to hand the ball off to Swift play. Good defense, win a couple ugly games. The weather's getting shitty. Yeah. But You gotta get excited about Caleb Williams and keep putting your arm around this guy and challenging him and helping him get through it. What do you see on the tape? It's bad. There's too much of him. You know, there's 40 times he's carried the ball. Yeah. There's 40 times he's been sacked. I just encourage him, you know, to get rid of the ball. Yeah. Sometimes the best play you can make is throwing the ball away because that's the only good play you could make. Yeah. I think he's waiting for receivers to get open and I think it's hurting him. Yeah. A lot of the sacks are on the quarterback holding the ball.


Yeah. You can't blame the offensive line for all these six. No, I agree. I agree. There's, it, it feels like a, a mental lock that's that's going on right now where it's like, it's a combination of guys not getting open, but even when they are open, he's not letting it rip. I Think they gotta get 'em three for three to start the game. A quick pass. I'm not talking about quick screens either. Yeah. I'm thinking there are different routes we can run other than if I see one more quick screen, you Hate screens. I, well I can't take 'em. I mean, It's just, I I hate 'em too. I hate, I hate, I like running back screens. I hate wide receiver screens. When you throw a bubble screen or a quick screen, I mean, how, how many times do you see Jerry Rice run a bubble screen right Now? Real routes. You never saw Willie Gault run a bubble screen. You got these three Corvettes.


I mean, Keenan Allen was a number one guy for the Chargers. DJ Moore is paid to be a number one guy. You draft a guy in the top 10 because you obviously think he's a number one guy. Yeah. Now let him run some routes and tell the quarterback to throw him the ball or get rid of the ball, but quit taking sex. Yeah. I, I've got no absolutely no data to back this up, but I feel like 99% of the time they run a quick screen to a wide receiver. It's tackled for a loss of a yard. Yeah. Like I, I feel like defensive backs have become too good at defending that screen pass where maybe now it doesn't have that same element of surprise that it used to. Yeah. There's like a couple guys that I would feel comfortable in the entire NFL being like, yeah, that's a, like Kalil Shaki. Yeah. He, he, he could run a, a quick screen.


Rasheed Shaheed. Rasheed Shaheed. He can run a quick screen. There's a lot. It just, it feels like sometimes offensive coordinators are like, oh, we haven't run a, a wide receiver screen in a while. Let's just do it to do it to refill. And it's like, what the fuck? Yeah. Why, why? Like they, it they, they just always get, guys are just, and you have to also, you can't run 'em if you're wide receivers aren't committed to blocking. That's the thing that drives me nuts. When you run a quick screen and the wide receiver's not blocking And then you run a fake quick screen and you act like you're blocking and you take off. Yeah. You know, the playbook has become what you see on Friday night football in high school. You start to see on Saturday everybody's clapping their hands running RPOs. And now you're starting to see that on Sunday. That's why it's a pleasure to watch the Lions.


It's a pleasure to watch the Chiefs, you know, some of these offenses that are really doing it. The old fashioned National Football League way. I think those are the teams they're gonna be talking about here in December. Yeah. And talking about the Chiefs, they just keep winning. They won't stop winning no matter what position they're in. They're never dead. They figure out ways to win games, which I think is a mark of one, just a really good football team, but mostly really, really, really good coaching that makes you pay attention to all those details. And I feel like with Hopkins, who is actually, I thought that he was like 35 years old. I looked up, he's 32 I think. Yeah. So he's still got some years. And with Hopkins, I feel like the Chiefs are in as good a position to win the Super Bowl as they've ever been. Right. Now, given what they have, what do you see that the chiefs are doing?


Like how have they evolved on offense in the post Tyre Hill era? You know, I did get to go there for about a week in training camp. Andy Reed invited me up there, and you're right man, they got a great coaching staff. I mean, Dave Tobe, the special teams coach Spagnolo, they get all the ink 'cause they're the coordinators I'm talking about the position coaches, their drills, their team periods, their competitiveness on the practice field. Their organization's phenomenal. They're winning games in their preparation. Fans don't see 'em on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. They have a contingency plan. If they lose this player, we're gonna play like this. If we lose this player, we'll play like this. If the left tackle isn't quite ready, we'll help 'em, we'll do this.


But they do have a well orchestrated contingency plan. I think they're only getting stronger Pachecos coming back on the practice field. Juju Smith schuster's back the last time he played, he had over a hundred yards against the Saints. And they're gonna get a a, a ue, a very good pass rusher back. So I think they're gonna get stronger and stronger. But you know, what they do is they just kill you with their preparation, their contingency planning for if it doesn't go the way they want. And their mental toughness. They got a great coach, they got a great quarterback and a great kicker. And their defense is on fire. Yeah. They are. I mean, they, it, it doesn't matter how you win. Doesn't matter how many you win by, you just keep winning.


And Mahomes feels like that guy where every chiefs game kind of goes the same. Where it's like, you know, their offense looks a little clunky and then there's a third and eight and he'll find a way to get it. Yeah. The thing that's really startling is how quick he's throwing the ball. Yeah. You don't see throw the ball over 20 yards in a game sometimes. Yeah. And here's Pat Mahomes. I had him on Gruden's QB camp. He could throw better lefthanded than I can right-handed. I mean, this guy's a magician. I mean, he can really wi wing it. Yeah. But you don't see seam patterns go balls, deep breaking routes. Everything has been quick. But they are converting 52% on third down. Yeah. Which is a way better than everybody else. Yeah. Statistically. And I just think they're, they're about to explode.


We'll get back to Coach in a second. He's brought to you by Aura Frames the best gifts. Feel like they were picked out just for you. That's why we love Aura Digital picture frames during the holidays. You can give your mom and grandpa the same gift and completely personalize it with all their favorite pictures. Wirecutter called it the best digital photo frame. And it's easy to see why it takes no time to set up and get connected. And then you can add the perfect photos and the videos yourself right from the app. I'm gonna get max in Aura Frames. Actually, I'll get in Aura Frames for the studio And we can preload it with all the pictures of Max with his pants almost falling down in the back when he's got the reverse cleavage going on. I feel like that would really complete the studio. Tie it together. It is holiday gift time. Start thinking about it right now. Take care of all of your holiday gift shopping right now and go to Aura Frames. That's a URA frames.com promo code PMT use promo code PMT and you get $45 off. Aura is bestselling carver mat frames when you use promo code PMT at a URA frames.com, Aura Frames dot com. It's an ex exclusive Black Friday Cyber Monday deal. It's their best of the year. So don't miss out, take care of all of your holiday shopping right now. Don't forget terms and conditions apply.


And now here's more Coach Gruden. So Gruden QB camp, which you gotta bring it back. Maybe that's part of what, what what happens with, with Barstool here. Was there ever a guy who you walked away from, you're sitting doing film and you're like, I don't think that guy's got it. And then he went and, and ended up being a great pro. You know, I did 63 shows. Yeah. So we had a lot of quarterbacks come down the pikes, you know. No, not really. Yeah know there were a few guys that came in and said, damn, I like that Guy. Who were those? Well, I mean, I love Russell Wilson. When he came in outta NC State, we made fun besides, Well, Wisconsin, he came outta Wisconsin. Well, Yeah, Wisconsin. But I just, I was, I was smitten with him.


Matter of fact, I got to talk to Pete Carroll during the draft process and they had just signed Tovar Jackson. They had Flynn. Yep. Yeah. And he asked me about Russell Wilson. I said, if you take this kid, and I said, if you bring him into your team and give him a chance, he'll beat both those guys out. And that's just what he did. He, the other guy I loved was Kirk Cousins. Yeah. And I still stay in touch with Kirk Cousins. Yeah. And they drafted RG three in the first round. I remember telling Bruce Allen, I said, this guy's going, this guy's, this guy's a sun bitch now. Yeah. Be careful. Yeah. And look where he is. Yeah, He is. Had a great career. Great career. Fantastic career. He got paid a lot of money Too. He really has. And and when I, when I watch him play, there's not many guys that stand in there and take shots and deliver strikes like cousins.


I mean, I love that about him. Always half. Yeah. I remember in Gruden's QB camp, was it, was it Jimmy Clawson? You got pissed off at Yeah. Fraley. Yeah. I think you said there was a, a, a route that his receiver ran ran that was incorrect. And he told you that and you're like, you can't fucking tell me that it's your fault. Take accountability. So as a coach, sometimes receivers screw up. Right. They mess up. Everybody messes up. Yeah. And an interception might not necessarily be on a quarterback, but you always want to see your quarterback say, Hey, that's my fault. I didn't do a good enough job communicating what you should have done. Is that fair? It is fair. I think the quarterback has to be bulletproof. At least the ones that are great that I've been around now in privacy, the coach and a quarterback, they address those issues.


But, you know, you gotta coach body language. I think I gotta coach Dan on his body language. Yeah. You got bad. Well, I'm down right now, Big Cat, he's Getting mad at me. He's getting mad at me because I'm very doom and Gloom. You don't wanna see your quarterback, you know, pointing fingers and, and, and, and blaming guys. I, I don't think it's healthy. So you gotta control your emotions. You gotta be an assassin man. You gotta really have a very thick mental toughness about you. And some do and some don't. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So going back to your time in, in Green Bay when you were coaching Brett fav, one of the best arms of all time, just incredible. Took a lot of chances. Did you, how, how was that coaching him when he would go off script and take some of these chances, throw these interceptions, and you were like, what the fuck are you doing, Brett?


But you knew that, you know, ultimately the good was gonna outweigh the bad with him. I was coaching receivers. I didn't coach Farf. Okay. But I can, I can re I was the signal guy back then. We didn't have the walkie-talkie. I would signal to jet Dino y shallow cross and he had to memorize the formations. He struggled with that. But I can still remember Mike Holmgren, the head coach when fav was scrambling, he'd be saying, no, no. Yes. Great job Brett. And then he'd be saying, no, no, what the hell? To your point, the first couple years, a lot of growing pains. But fav, he had a triple X pouch. Man. This guy had, this guy had he had big balls, man.


Yeah. At least was afraid to the other body. He was as tough as hell. And he had a rocket. And he tried to prove it in every drill, every period he tried to wow you. Yeah. And he broke a lot of our receiver's hands, face masks. He had a rocket. Are Are you, we had this debate, not debate, but I, I pointed out that I, I like my quarterbacks to throw a a couple interceptions. I want, I like, I don't like when a quarterback gets late in the season. It's like, oh, they have no interceptions. That means they're not taking the risks. Is that a crazy thought to have? Like, is are there some interceptions that you're like, you know what, we can live with that because you're trying to make the big play and if you keep trying to make the big play, it will happen.


I love this conversation. Yeah. I hope we're ha I hope you're having fun. You know what, having a great time, you know, when you're coaching aggressiveness with your offense, you got a guy like fav and you got sterling sharp out there running routes. There's an understanding in trust. Hey, I'm the receiver coach. If you throw the ball, if he throws the ball to us and it's tight, he's giving you a chance. Right. So there's only three things that are gonna happen. Big Cat, you're gonna be a savage and you're gonna go catch the damn ball. That's why we're paying you too. Yeah. Secondly, you're gonna make damn sure he doesn't get it. You're gonna play defensive back and, and make sure it's incomplete. Or third, you're gonna be like a Academy Award winner. You're gonna get me that pass interference penalty.


Yeah. Yeah. But I think you gotta have a real careful understanding. And I think that's what the Bear's problem is a little bit is do you trust that Keenan a do you not trust Keenan Allen? Right. Throw him the ball when it's tight. Yeah. He's gonna catch it. He's gonna make sure it's not intercepted and he's gonna get a couple fouls. Yeah. That's what, that's Russell Wilson. Russell Wilson going into. Right. That Steeler's offense, you've seen it with George Pickens. He's going to give his guys a chance and like, like yeah, there might be some interceptions, but now his guys are more locked in and they know they can go get those jump balls. Those moon balls and their offense look totally different. And when you watch Kansas City early in the season, they threw a bomb to worthy their fast receiver from Texas.


And I I know you remember the play. Yeah. Cam Taylor Britt of the Bengals makes a one-handed interception. Yeah. And everybody's like, whoa, what a great interception. You know what, you know what they were saying in Kansas City, they're pissed at worthy because what didn't he do? Go Attack the ball. You don't let anybody intercept it. Yeah. And, and I think that's one of the reasons Kansas City's a little bit reluctant to give him a ton of 50 50 opportunities. Yeah. They used to do that with Deshaun Jackson. Yeah. But D Jack, he would go up there and he would tip it away from somebody. And I just think these are little behind the scene things that young quarterbacks, they gotta have confidence in their receivers. Yeah. They will make you. Right one way or another. Yeah. What what about what's going on in, in Los Angeles with the Chargers?


'cause we love Coach Harbaugh is one of her favorite people. He, that man, his blood type is football. That's all he thinks about. He loves Justin Herbert. Justin Herbert's been looking pretty good. And the defense is playing at just an other worldly clip right now. What has Harbaugh done to that team to, to remake them and to reimagine the Chargers of the span of one year? Well he is come in there and given him confidence, you know, I think he's walked in there and they've changed the whole dynamic of how they practice. They never ran the ball in, in charger land. Yeah. I mean, I don't know what the rushing stats were last year, but you could go two or three games and not see 10 or 15 carries. This is now a smash mouth running team. Forget about Herbert for a second. You don't know who their receivers are.


I mean, they're leading receivers. McConkey a, a slot receiver. Yeah. They really aren't a pass first team and they're not a pass second team. They're running the ball possessing the ball and trusting their defense. He just has brought a lot of confidence and physicality to their team and defensively 13.1 points per game. Big Cat and I were talking earlier though, they, they have not beaten many quality quarterbacks. This will be a good test form. Yeah. He Wrote down the list of quarterbacks and it was not, it was Garner minsu. It was, yeah. Justin Fields. It wasn't, it wasn't lighting the world on fire. Did you ever do a post game handshake with Coach Harbaugh? I don't think so. I think I was in the booth when he was in the NFL.


Yeah. I just competed against his brother. But you love coaches that compete. I think that permeates into the locker room. If your coach is fiery and he's competitive and banging on your shoulder pads and taking snaps and pregame warm up. He loves football, he loves to compete. He's a badass. And I think the Chargers in some way are emulating their coach. Yeah. Yeah. It's culture. Yeah, it sure is. You, you need that culture and you have guys want to go like, you know, take someone's head off. I agree. Yeah. That's what the Chargers feel like. They, they're just a tough football team. But you do also still believe in the Bengals and maybe making a run here, which I, I just believe in the quarterback Big Cat.


I mean, watching that game last week, that was the best single game played this year by a quarterback, in my opinion. And I think second best might've been his other game against the, might Have Been. Yeah. Might have been. He's running around more than you think. He's not just your typical pocket passer. He's getting outta trouble. He's running for first downs and he can see the whole field. He's got great peripheral vision and he has no wasted motion when he throws the ball. I really am impressed with him. Yeah. Yeah. So you think that the Bengals might be, we may have buried the Bengals prematurely. I think the Bengals, if they're defense gets going a little bit and with the return of Higgins, I think they can be a problem.


I do know this though. They miss Joe Mixon. Yeah. They miss Joe Mixons receiving skills, I think in some of these check downs. I'm used to seeing Mixon come out of the trash. Yeah. Yeah. Another team you mentioned that I think is going a little under the radar, but they have been playing great football is the Arizona Cardinals. What are they doing? Yeah. 'cause I, you know, I didn't, I thought they were gonna be an okay team. I didn't think they were gonna be sitting at the top of the NFC West in November, but they're, they're a legit team and it feels like they have everything clicking. I know. I hate their uniforms. Yeah. You know, there's something about it. It's either red on red and I just, ugh. Yeah. But they get Harrison, the receiver from Ohio State. Connor's a good back.


I can't even tell you who their other running back is, but he is a beast. Yeah. McBride is a hell of a tight end. Incredible. And Kyler Murray's playing great. He talk about quick and their defense. They have my favorite player, Buddha Baker, Jonathan Gannon has done a nice job with the defense. He stayed in his wheelhouse and offensively they're a problem because they're balanced and they've already beaten the San Francisco 49 I knowers in San Francisco. They're dangerous. Yeah. I love watching James Connor run with the football too. He's so upright. Very upright. It's crazy. But he gets shit done. Yeah. I, I can't even tell you who the backup running back is. I can just tell you this on the flight down here, I said I better find out more about this guy because he's, he's, he's a load also How I always assume it's just, what's his name?


Johnson De Marcado. Yeah, that's right. Oh no, J oh, you got Trey Benson as well. Yeah. It's not Trey Benson. It's De Marcado. Yeah. De Marcado Or DJ Dallas. Oh, it's De Marcado. Yeah. Yeah. What, how much, how many hours of tape do you watch a week? Probably too much early in the week. Yeah. You know, when you get the tape, you know, they got the FedEx guy, he knocks on the door. It's like Tuesday morning or Monday night, you're like, Hey, there's a tape. And I, my assistant Jeff Leonardo, wait, They send a tape. You don't just have it on your computer. Well, I, I, you know, I, I don't want to get into all that. I, I pay a lot of money to get my tape. Okay. Got it, got it, got it. I actually know what I know now. I understand. Yes. Premium delivery. Yeah. You got the tape. Yeah. Yeah. But Yeah, you know, when I do get the tapes, I, I, I get so excited.


I, I actually have a, a notepad and I'll write down, like, I'll go over the stats. Who had double digit tackles, who had interceptions, who got the sacks, who had the explosive plays, you know, who did this, who did that? And I would, I'll, I'll start making reels to see how they did it. Right. And it's an obsession. And then when I was doing my little YouTube channel, Gruden loves football. I always pick three or four games a week. And I really tried to dig in on those two teams. Yeah. And learn all their players and some of the key matchups. I just love it, man. I love It. I love it. Can tell you about that. Love it. I love that you get tape FedEx to your, your place of business on Tuesday mornings. Does Your, does your wife ever like, Hey, can you like, stop watching so much tape?


What's going For my wife? When I got, when I got fired by Tampa, I had an office at my house and I had my little projector and back then we had the beta tapes and I'd have coaches coming in the office at 6:00 AM My wife would come downstairs in her pajamas. She didn't go for this. If you gotta get outta here, get all your stuff. So I bought a building. I rented a building. Yeah. Eventually I bought a building. And when you guys come down. Yeah. Can't wait. I can't. Excited. Wait. You guys Will freaky Like it. I am, I'm pumped to see that. So when you're watching tape, I know you get excited about guys, I've seen you get really excited watching football. Do you still get mad? Do you get mad watching a football team If they're not, if they're guys on the team. So what's the last team that made you mad?


Well, to be honest with you, the Bears made me mad. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I, I just have high expectations for the kind of roster they have. I mean, skill wise, and I'm not just talking about the coaching or the, the coordinator or the play calling the players are not making me happy. I saw a guy run an out route and sit down while the play is going on. Yeah. That was bad. You know, that kind of rubbed me the wrong way. That was bad. Very bad. The Jets have made me upset. You know, I, I, you know, I put my, I put put a lot of stock in his quarterback Rogers. I think he's one of the best I've ever seen play. You know, he had an injury last year. He is coming back. Their protection hasn't been good. Their running game hadn't been good. Their body language is horrific.


I get upset. Yeah. Yeah. We, we do this with every guest that we have. First time we have 'em in the studio, it's questions from a third grader. Oh, good. So this is from a third grade class in Dripping Springs, Texas. And this is Amy. This is Amy. She's in third grade. She wants to know Coach Gruden, what's your favorite color? Whew. Amy. I love purple. Oh, purple, purple. Okay. The color of royalty. Yeah. Good answer, love. Purple Coach. Gruden, what did you want to be when you grew up? I wanted to be a coach. My dad was a coach. So I've been around coaching my whole life and I knew I wasn't gonna be a good enough player. So I said, man, maybe one day I can be a coach. I like that. And then her third question, actually, it's not really a question.


Amy says, coach Gruden. I agree. Roger Goodell is an anti football pussy. You guys Are kidding. So Amy knows Ball. Amy. Amy, tell me where I can get a new haircut. Good job, Amy. Yeah. Amy's a listen. She, she's a big fan. So Thanks Amy. I love you. Yeah. Alright, so gimme the list of teams right now that can win the Super Bowl. We have our list. I wanna see how it matches up. How many teams I think We have what, five, six? You gimme Five. Let's, let's run through it. We have the Eagles, we had the Lions and the NFC. We had the bills, the chiefs, the Ravens. And If, depending on how, how the Steelers play this weekend, maybe the Steelers get, get put into that.


Well, you can't, you can't make that list. I, I was at the Bucks 49 er game last week and with McCaffrey back and Jawan Jennings back, I was telling Big Cat, they're gonna be a hard offense to stop because Mason, the backup running back now. Yeah. Hell, he's leading the league and rushing down here. Yeah. Yeah. So you, you got, and Purdy is a lot better quarterback when you see him live. This guy's strong. He's, he's loose. He's Gutty man. Gritty love him. And I think their defense, although they're missing some key guys, I, I don't know if they're safety, who, fungus coming back or not. But if he comes back, I love the 49 ERs on that. 49 ERs added it's list. Did we miss any other teams? They might have the best fullback Too. No, we talked about Arizona. Yeah. Arizona.


You know, somebody's gonna come outta the west. Yeah. Somebody's gonna come outta the west and someone's gonna win that division and get a home playoff game. Yep. Who's it gonna be? Yeah, who's it gonna be? It's gonna be Arizona in my opinion, but I really think it's gonna be the 49 ERs. Yeah. Okay. All right. And you think the bills, what do the bills have to do to get over that hump? I think the bills need Milano back. I think they need to get healthy on defense. The, the big thing with the bills is Vaughn Miller, are you really Vaughn Miller? You know, if Von Miller and Rousseau and the fourth quarter pass Rush Ed Oliver, if they can get that fourth quarter pass rush humming. That's what bothered me against the Dolphins two weeks ago, is I thought that Pass Rush would just eat up to a, and it didn't happen.


I think they gotta get that pass rush revved up and they could be, they could seriously be a problem if they do. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I have one last question. This has been great, coach. We're so excited that you're here with us


Rollback question RHO bac k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com. Promo code. Take


last question. We know it's football number one. What other sports are you watching? 'cause I heard a rumor that you watch all the sports. Yeah, I love sports. I do. I love the Cincinnati Reds when I was growing up. Okay. So I love baseball. Matter of fact, I'm going to Arizona to see Tony Larussa. We're having a Wounded Warrior Service dog event. Love baseball. And I, I do love basketball. I was Bobby Knight's. Yeah. Ball boy. I just don't like the three point shot. I think it's too much. Okay. I like that. It's way too much. Three points. And I like golf. Oh, I do like golf. I got the caddy for John Daly one time. Yeah. That's incredible. So tell that story real quick, because I remember when it happened, there was a rain delay, right?


Yeah. And so you're hanging out. John Daly goes over the Hooter's tent. I was up at the Hooter Owls Nest, they call it. I was just having some beers. I was coaching Tampa, relaxing lightning bolt. They suspend play. So Daily comes up with this caddy and this rain delay goes on and on and on. It gets cold and it's wet. It, it appears like the tournament's over. So the caddy had a couple cocktails. I guess he, he was off. I had a Daley's bib on, I was wearing his bib. We were meeting fans, taking pictures and the tournament director came back and he says, Mr. Daley, you got 15 minutes to get in position. We're gonna play four or five more holes before it gets dark. So we go up and hit balls and Daley looks at me and he says, well, you're wearing a bib.


Let's go. So I carried this bag and I had been in this hooter album, this drinking a few beers. I had to pee like a rhinoceros. And I got this bag and there's like 14 diet Cokes in there. Umbrella thing weighed a hundred pounds and we're on like the 16th hole. I only did it for three holes. I'm like the 16th hole. I the caddies pee on the course. I don't know, are there bathrooms out here? So I had to go pee. And then we come up on the 17th hole where the Owl's nest was. That's one of the holes we played. And all my friends had stayed around. Everybody was gone. There was no fans left. And the fans started going, caddy, caddy. I said, I'm gonna get ripped for this.


And sure enough, on the golf channel, they destroyed me for not having any etiquette and not having any Well, how'd you do with the club selection? How, how did, how did John Daley shoot in those last holes? I can't remember. I was nervous, but I did not get near the green. I just stayed over there by the bag. I didn't try to go up there and read putts or anything like that. That was a great experience. I love That's So funny. Love John Daley. That's awesome. The Owls nest. Yeah. We gotta go to the, I gotta spend some time with the owls Nest. Yeah. Alright, well Coach, we're excited for everything we got coming up with you and Barstool people are gonna listen to this on Friday, but the stream tonight is, I don't think you're ready. Just so you know. And this could look stupid in, in restaurant. I don't think you're ready.


P fts a a diehard commanders fan, but he's a respectable like football watcher. The mutant we have in that booth, max. Yeah, I've heard about Max. Yeah, He is, he is going to shock you with some of the stuff. And you're probably gonna see his ass crack. He has a problem with his ass crack. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen a lot of that in Philadelphia. Yeah. So you're gonna, so but like he's, he might cry, he might scream, he's Italian, he's fiery. He might Spit on you accidentally. He might spit on you. So just be, yeah, you might have to wear like a, a poncho Max. Control yourself Max. Don't peak too early. Man, we got plenty of time before kickoff. I, I'll be good before kickoff, but once the, once the whistle starts, I, I got no problems.


There's no, so As is confirmed, 100% will see my ass rack. He, he said he is good for now, but once a whistle whistle blows, he's ready to go. You got score prediction even though this is coming out tomorrow. So you might look stupid with your prediction, but what do you have? I'm going with the Philadelphia Eagles 27 20. I love it. I love it. Everyone, everyone clean sweep. Everyone has predicted these. No, Hank, Hank doesn't count. Hank has A command. Hank Doesn't count. Yeah, Hank does not count. Alright, well thanks so much coach. Thank you guys. Love you.


Welcome back to another fire fest of the week. It's brought to you by our great friends over at Morgan and Morgan. You know what really sucks? Passing kidney stones. You know what else really sucks. Getting injured, but you know what doesn't suck? Calling Morgan and Morgan so they can help get you what you deserve. While they can't help Big Cat urethra pass tiny little shards of calcium, they can't help fight to get you full and fair compensation when you're injured. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone.


Okay, let's wrap up. Fire Fest of the week, Henry. Yeah, I mean I feel like this is one that's probably T-M-I-I-I don't, it's just actively going on in my head. So I'll share it on this podcast with you guys and the world. I feel like it's, I know the answer that it's a sign that I'm going through somewhat of a midlife crisis. Yeah. I have been spending a lot of time thinking about, 'cause I bought my car that I have now. It's in perfectly fine condition. I have been spending a lot of time thinking about selling it the Audi And then leasing a really nice car. Yeah. Like really nice.


Yeah. And, and I also, gee again, like this is, I'm 31 years old. I probably should have figured out this point. At this point in my life, I've never been really good with. I have good credit, but I don't, I've never had a credit card that's like, gets really good points of rewards and like miles and stuff, which I want. That's something I want to do. So it's like, why not open a line of credit with good points, pay the lease off with that and have a nice car. So the midlife crisis, you think this car will fix it? That's kind of, that's, that's where I've been like why do I wanna do this? Fuck I think you're having a midlife crisis. Fuck. But Like, I do think you're having a midlife crisis. I do kind of. But like What kind of Car? You also think it might, if it here's that's Why It won't, why I asked the question was it would be sick.


If you think it will fix it, you should do it. If you think it will just be like, shit, I got the car and I still can't find happiness in my heart. Then we got other issues. You Just got this car. IIII preface this by saying I understand the situation. Are you gonna sell it to memes? No memes. I'm, I probably, I sell it to someone else that works here though. You know what Hank I think you should do it. Yeah, why not? Is It gonna make you happy? Yeah. Okay. Well I will, I will take even like 1% less grumpy. Hank Is it? But I want you to be happy. I haven't been grumpy lately. I want I have you been grumpy lately? I don't think so. I feel like I've Been good. The only time you should have said. I think so. Yeah.


The Only time Hank is truly happy not counting on the golf course is when he is pissing somebody else off. False. But that's fine. That's fine. That's, that's The stuff. I don't believe even been that grumpy recently. I do think you're going through a midlife crisis. The problem with the car purchase, which I'm fully supportive of because I want you to be happy, is that if you buy it and then you're still going through the midlife crisis, what's next? Right? Whereas if you just don't buy it, you could always be like, oh, well maybe the car would've fixed it. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know the answer. I probably am not gonna do anything about it. I don't probably, that's why I said I didn't even need to share it. But it is, it's the only fire fest that's stewing in my brain of like, why do I even, why am I even thinking about if this what There's no, it's, it's, there's no reason for me to even be going down this road.


What if, but I've spent, I'm researching, I'm I'm going to test drive some stuff this weekend. Oh hell yeah. Test driving is so much fun. What are you looking At? You're done then if You test drive, you're gonna, you're gonna, Yeah, you're gonna Do it. It's done. Whatcha you gonna look at Hank? Well, I don't wanna spoil it. Also, Elise does not make financial sense. Oh, Beamer, you Oh, I Heard, I heard a different, different brand From who I heard a Lambo. People were saying a people were talking, people were saying, Steve will DOT's gonna give you a Lambo. I heard Hank's doing no Porsche cyber truck. Who said Porsche? Porsche, cayenne, Porsche. Hank. I don't think this is gonna solve anything, but I'm supportive.


Yeah, of course it's not gonna solve anything. But it could be fun. Like, 'cause I drive a nice car, but it doesn't, I don't even think about it. You know what I mean? Like, it doesn't, it's not like I'm happy every time I Hear you drive a nice car, not a sick car. Okay. All right. Oh wow. Oh wow. Now wait a minute. I gotta get a new lease. Yeah. Damn. Why? Well, what makes a Damn? Alright. Alright. What makes a Beaver better than a Mercedes? Gonna a better car. Oh yeah, we're gonna have a car off Hank. What if you put took all, what kind, if you took all this energy that you've got going into looking at new cars and you put that into fixing a van. I've also been, that's, I mean that's in the works. We're, we're, we're looking good with that. Are we? I've also, I've also just like I did, I didn't have nuuk all my clothes. I got rid of like 75% of my clothes.


I'm completely redesigning like my office room and just getting rid of a bunch of shit. So I, it's, it's, it's a overall situation that's happening where I'm just like, get rid of everything, get new stuff, feel better. I don't know. We'll see. Okay. So what else would go in this midlife crisis? Tattoos. You're thinking about getting more tattoos? No, no Different apartment? No. I'm still confused about this car. What, what kind of beamer is this? If it's that much better than big cat's car, it's just, I don't think you understand how car work, cars work. It's sicker. It's just, if you put them next to each other, it's like, yeah, that's a, that's a nice car. That's a sick Car. If you got like a Subaru, What the fuck? What kind of car is it? Well, I also, I mean I do have, I'm shopping around.


I have, I don't have, I do have three car seats in my car so that, that lowers the sickness factor of it. Or if you got like a Subaru WRX just like a fast fucking car. No, that'd be bad. Racing Car. Get a Lambo. I don't like Lambos. Nah, I think you go Porsche Cayenne. Alright, well I'm, I'm, I'm, We'll see. I mean I'm probably gonna do nothing. Like I said, this was probably like, I sometimes am like, why did I say that on a podcast that so many people listen to when I'm probably gonna do nothing. No, you're Gonna do it. You're test driving cars. You gotta, are you going to multiple dealerships? No. Oh. 'cause I was gonna say the best part about getting a new car and test driving cars is you go like, Is my leasing thought?


Correct? That's probably where people are. Make your fucking idiot. Well it's kind of sing makes financial sense. It's kind of a waste of money. But you get, get sick cars. Yeah, but it doesn't Wait, Wait, what do you mean you get credit? You build up your Credit, but it's stupid. Wait, Wait. Are you talking about like credit card points or are you talking like building your credit score? Both, Both. Ha making payments. You Know that if you finance a car, you also, I paid for my car in cash. Got it. But you could also buy a car and finance it and that would also Yeah. But what if this is a midlife crisis in like a year. I want a different car. That's the, that's what I was gonna say. I lease a car. But it's, I know it's stupid financially, but I like to be like, I could have a new option in two and a half years. Yeah. Yeah. Do That Hank, if you, if you buy a car, can you, can you have me do the negotiation?


I'm not gonna buy a car. Well, What I was saying is, Hank, you need to go to a couple dealerships. You need to go to a place where you know you're probably not gonna buy it. Just so you can negotiate. 'cause it's so awesome negotiating at a car dealership knowing that you're not, probably not gonna buy that car unless they just go crazy low. Yeah. I love, I love negotiating. Yeah. It is my favorite thing in the world. You Just walk out, You just fuck with 'em. We'll see, I Needed you. Yeah, listen, I You got fucked on warranty. You got fucked. I got fucked In my warranty. I'll provide that service as a former, former car salesman, it's my favorite thing in the world to go in there and then just, just ask 'em for all the Cokes they have. Yeah. I Gotta Be On the actual car. Gimme another. So I don't, I would, whenever I've, I've only bought a new car like me twice, but whenever I've done it, I've had like my options, like it's like one through five and the fifth one I'll go and I'll be like, if they offer me this deal, I'll do it.


And it's a crazy deal. And it's the best. Yeah. When, when I, when I got my car, the guy kept tell, he kept telling me the warranty and he kept and I kept being like, no. Like I'm just gonna get the lowest one. And he just kept asking me why. Yeah. He was like, why aren't you getting the, the higher one? Yeah. And I had no good answer. So eventually I was like, eh, fuck it. Gimme the higher. No. Yeah. That's how they get you the financing. You asked Me five times, why don't you want, why don't you want this warranty? Yeah. And I had no answer. You gotta secure your own financing. Have that ready to go when you walk in 'cause they'll fuck you. Yeah, I didn't do that either. They'll fuck you over. Then they take you in that second room. I Got a great price On the actual call. And then the guy keeps walking back and forth to his manager. Let me see if I can do that. Let see if I can do that. It's a great process. Yeah.


It's a lot of fun. Alright, PF to your fire Fest. My fire. Hey Kyle, good luck. Thank You. My fire fest of the week is that, stay tuned for nothing. Mike Tyson put me into an existential crisis. What's going on in this podcast? Have you guys seen the interview with Mike Tyson and the the little girl? No. Can we pull it up And we can watch it here. So ahead of the fight, Mike Tyson's doing press. They had a child reporter interview Mike Tyson and he gave her answers that are definitely not meant for, for like a child. But he also made me think a lot about like, what is life? Okay. In a very dark way. Okay. God damn Career. What type of legacy would you like to leave behind when it's all said and done?


Well, I don't know. I don't believe in the word legacy. I just think that's another word for ego. Legacy doesn't mean nothing. That's just some word everybody grabbed onto. Someone said that word and everyone grabbed onto words and now it's used every five seconds. It means absolutely nothing to me. I'm just passing through. I'm gonna die and it's gonna be over. Who cares about legacy after that? What, what a big ego. So I'm gonna die. I want people to think that I'm this. I'm great. I'm no, we're nothing. We're just dead. We are dust. It's two kids. Absolutely nothing. Our legacy is nothing. Well, thank you so much for sharing that. That Is something that I He's all the way Back not heard before. Someone say that as an answer. Can You really imagine somebody say, I want my legacy to be this way when I you debt.


Why do you want true? You think somebody really wants to think about you. How, how? What's the audacity? I think I want people to think about me when I'm gone. Who the fuck cares about me when I'm gone? All my kids made me a grandkids. True. Kids. Incredible. That's such a good collect. It's, it, it actually does make me think that Mike Tyson might be able to do it. Like he is. He's in a dark, no fucks given place right now. He's just Talking to a kid about death. Yeah. Like, well, okay, cool. I've never heard About Thank you. I've never heard that perspective before. Yeah. I mean, credit to the interviewer. She did a Yeah, She Held did a great job. Rolling with it. Shout out I am Jazzy world TV on TikTok. Love that. Yeah. But that tells me Mike Tyson is, he is locked in right now.


Yeah, he's All the way back. Okay. My fire fest is, there's a, I think there's a word for it. Karma. Everyone in my house has been waking up at 5 45 in the morning since something happened two weeks ago. What happened Two weeks ago? We changed the clocks. Oh yeah. Stella. All three of my kids every fucking morning. I've been getting up so goddamn early, so I deserve that. Why don't you get blackout curtains? I do. I have dude, we have everything. We, it's, there's nothing. I changed the fucking lights. I changed the, the, the what time the thing goes off.


We change the thing going off in my son's room. It's till six 30. He still came in at six 30 this morning. Said, Hey, my light changed. I'm, can I play? And I said, yeah. And then he goes back and then I don't go back to sleep. Can somebody explain to me why we changed the clocks? Well, I'll let you know when we do it on Saturday Night. Okay. Yeah. Everyone keeps saying one of the world wars, the five O'clock pitch darkness shit is, is so, so depressing. Worst. It's depressing. The worst when you go to work in the dark and then you leave and it's dark outside. Well, No, you go to work in the light. Yeah. But sometimes, depending how early you get up. I've had jobs where I went to work when it was dark. Yeah. And then you step out and it's still Dark. But I'd rather go to work in the dark and be, have it be light when I get outta work.


Yeah, that'd be a lot better because yeah. I'm, I'm living in hell. We're just, we have not adjusted in my house. We're, I'm living in Arizona or that little part of Indiana. We just haven't changed it. There's no, no good reason why we do this. Stop it. Okay. Max, you got something? Just that next week is gonna be the absolute Disaster. Oh. Why? It's not like you're pitching against be People A really good, a really good team. Someone would say the best. I I think we should do post a picture after with the team we pitched so people get hyped up. Yeah. I'm, I we're the pmm TV this week was my bullpen that I did yesterday to get, get ready for it.


What, how fast do you think my fastest pitch was? 60 64. Oh boy. That's gonna be a lot of home runs. How Fast do you think batting practices usually About 60. About exactly what you throw. Well, Good news is you do have four outfielders, so that's a little bit of advantage. Yeah. They're great athletes out there. The bad news is the four outfielders are me, Brandon, Hank, and Jerry. So you have three and a half. You have three outfielders. Well, I don't know. I three Brandon's gotten in better shape, but Brandon also could easily like the sun better not be out that day. Brandon doesn't do well outside. Yeah. This is Where do you want us positioned?


Me and Hank and center? Yeah. I guess Center right and center left. Yeah. Yeah. And then the, the Jerry and Jerry and pf t's catching Jerry played baseball. Yeah. Jerry played baseball. That's Good. That's good to know. I didn't know that. The catching thing, max. It sucks. I'm not, I I don't have a big frame for you to aim for. I apologize for that. That's fine. I'm gonna try to wear the biggest equipment I possibly can In our bullpen session that we had yesterday, I noticed you got a little bit of movement on Your pitch. That's all. That's all I'm trying. And Max tried to say that he was gonna have four pitches, like a two seamer and a four seamer. Like what do you think the difference between your two seamer and your four seam Fast followers movement. Love That movement. Okay. I'm only throwing the, I'm never throwing the four seamer.


Okay. There's no point. Okay. And then you said that the, you've got a curve ball. Yep. How, how do we feel about that? It's a curve ball Does a curve. It does, but it, it's not good. Is It a hanging curve ball? Yeah. Yes. How how high does it hang? It depends where I throw it. Hernandez, curve ball. And then I got a palm ball. Yeah, a palm ball. You guys throw an afis. Yeah, I know. I don't really understand anus. I, this would work. Throw It really slow. I Tried. No, you throw it high and Slow. I also can mix in a little submarine. Okay. Okay. What are the chances you throw out your arm? A hundred percent.


Yeah. Like we need a, we actually, I've, we need a pitch count. We need a, we need a pitch count. Yeah. It's six out. When you say submarine, the meatball sub, are you talking about throwing it hard under hand or like softball style? How on hand? How, how mad are you gonna be if we drop an easy one? So mad. So you're gonna do it on purpose? No, I won't. Won't know You're gonna won't. I'm gonna, no, I don't wanna, I wanna look good. That's true. So I'm not, it will be ashamed if Hank did. No, Hank wants look good too. Max did bounce One. Alright then maybe I'll have to do it. He Bounced one into, into my leg. I have a Feeling. No, the jerry would be the one to do it. I have a feeling I'm gonna get in the balls a few times. Max. You gotta Wear a cup. You gotta wear a cup. And also it sucks BFT because it's also scary about foul balls.


Yeah. And my umpire is, I I already, and he was umping my bullpen. He was giving me nothing. Yeah. Big T. Big T is, he is an honest man to a fault. Oh no. All right. Well it'll be fun for the aws. I'm Worried like What about come backers? Are we worried about that? Yeah. That, that was very scary. Yeah, you should, you should look alive. Because going into it last year I was told that there might be that screen that was in front of me and then we said, nah, fuck it. That's gonna look stupid. And it was a constant fear of mine. You can do A screen. You can do a screen if you want. All right. I personally didn't. I Would rather, Let's not, we gotta stop comparing with the what? Just wear a helmet. Yeah. Wear a a John Orry. I thought About that. Yeah, because like a comebacker like hitting you in the like ass would be very funny.


A a comebacker hitting you in the head would not be funny. I I need one of those softball helmets Also. You know what? No, I'm not gonna put bad vibes out there. What If a comebacker, if a comebacker hit you and you have to go to the hospital, we're still gonna come back to Chicago at the allotted time. This is this guy. I'm ha I'm, I'm thrilled that that's your biggest worry right now. No, it's actually not a worry. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, No, no. The first thing that goes into your No, your worry is your first thing that goes into head is, oh, will we make a be ah, fuck it. I'll Just, yeah. No, it's not a worry. Can you, we set. No, but it it, it popped into your head because that was a worry.


And then you were like, oh, nevermind. I just won't, I didn't, no. The worry Was, I didn't want say it out loud. No. 'cause I didn't want you. No, but it popped into your head. Yeah. Oh yeah. It popped in my head. Yeah. Yeah. Can we, that's not a word. Look on. Can we look into getting fanatics to do the pants for Max? Get the see-through going on. You're gonna be fine. I I If you wanna do the screen, I would do the screen. So I will not call you a pussy. Yeah, I'm, I'm probably gonna do the Screen. Yeah, do the screen. Well the, The good news that Max, if you're throwing 60 miles an hour, they're probably not gonna hit like straightaway shots. I they're gonna pull the shit out. Yeah. They also, yeah, they also can hit it wherever they want. That's not, eh, That's, that's 60 miles an hour. They absolutely can. They absolutely can. They're gonna be able to put it wherever they want. Yeah. And hopefully none go in and then out of my glove, Can I give you some advice Max?


Yes. Read up on box. I know The BA will catch you. I, I mean I know what, I'm not a good baseball player. I know the game of baseball. Alright, numbers we got. That's what's bullshit. I should be able to get in the box. 17. Is Jack doing a number? Yeah. Give Jack a number. Shout Out. 11. Jack. Jack is our new, he's part of our team. 24 Clips guy. The 24 Jack. What? Why are you laughing? What? Oh, someone else? No, you were just giving him an intro. He was like 24. Yeah, he's 24. Gimme the number. Jack is a Lions fan. Detroit sports all across the board. Yeah, But mostly Michigan Football.


Michigan football. Yeah. That was after the Commander's Bears game. And I was spiraling and Jack was laughing. I was like, who the fuck do you root for? And he's like, lions. I was like, nah, fuck you. But Jack, welcome Jack. Good luck Jack. 2 1 3 99 11. You gotta reset. Oh shit. Wait, is that 40 that's up there? What would that 4 48 It Would've been 44. It would've been 44. Would've been 44. I start making that number. It would've been 44. Four Four. That actually is the next one I wanna do. Because I wanna say 4 4, 5 17.


Nine 11. 21. 24 76, 6 7 Max. There go Sixers. Have the 76ers won another game. No They haven't. But Jerry McCain's really good. He is. I actually bet him over 30 points last night. That was awesome. He was awesome. Love you guys. Don't cut that out.