
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today is part of my take. We have our brackets And we also have our good friend John Rothstein on the show to break down the best storylines. He's gonna name all the regions. We got a lot to catch up on with him because we haven't talked to him in a year. We're gonna talk some brackets. Great weekend of hoops, college conference tournaments wrap up, and we're gonna get into one of the best weeks of the year. We also have who's back of the week, and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.


Hey, basketball fans, are you ready to win real money? Check out. Pick six from DraftKings When it comes to basketball payouts, DraftKings pick six dunks on its rivals, including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you'll slam home higher. Minimum payouts on pick six and Flex Play plays on prize picks. And best of all, you'll win even more cash if you post rise of competition. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six and cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 and pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. The fun of the basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get $50 in, pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Hey, yeah, my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. The fun of basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code, take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get $50 in, pick six credits.


Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, March 17th, And we have our brackets. Got the brackets right here. Got a Little little ink under my fingernails. Big Cat. You hear this? This is a, a real life in person bracket. I don't do my shit online. I hold it in my hands. Hell yes. Pin in a paper like a man always. This is horoscopes for guys. This is the best. It's the best. I'm gonna sleep with it underneath my pillow tonight. I'm gonna Fuck it. I I wasn't gonna fuck it, but now I have to fuck It. I'm gonna fuck my bracket Now. I gotta fuck It. You're not a man if you don't fuck. I actually think that this is the best non-sporting, sporting event of the year. Just roll it up like this is Yeah, just roll it up and, and crank it.


Yeah, I think, I think that bracket Oh, oh. Max is going through the hole. Oh, you make a hole in your bracket. You're Fucking it. That way you could, I was thinking of just going like This. You could also roll it up and then the the bracket could fuck you. True. Maybe just get a whole, maybe make a paper mache doll out of it. Yeah. Okay. I'm into that. I'm in for that. But you know what I'm saying? I think that, I think that bracket reveal is the best sporting event that does not actually contain sports of the year. Oh, It's, it's incredible. And it's, it just, just the, you know, you spend, I think I, I counted, it was like 50 hours of basketball I've watched in the last five days. And I, my eyes hurt and like every morning I wake up and I'm, I'm, I'm like, what just happened?


I feel like I got hit by a truck. But then you end it all with the bracket and it's all like, oh, that was worth it because we, we just, we just did all that and now we have a bracket and it's beautiful. It feels great and it's, it's perfect. It's one of my favorite weeks. And it's, I know some people don't like the first four, but I actually love it because they're like, at this point right now, I wish there was a college basketball game on right this second And we only have to wait till Tuesday. But let's talk about the bracket. Let's first talk about who got screwed and that would be West Virginia and Indiana because UNC got into the tournament with one quad, one win. And Bubba Cunningham, who is part of the selection committee is also the ad at UNC.


Hmm. He now, he said that he recused himself from all conversations. What I would say to that is that doesn't fucking matter at all because you spend an entire weekend hanging out with this people and then you're like, Hey guys, we're gonna talk about UNC, I'm gonna go take a piss. You guys talk about UNC, but come on, we're boys. Right? It's me, Bubba. Yeah. We're boys. And then let's say he doesn't even do that. Let's say he doesn't say, Hey, come on guys, gimme a solid, everyone in that room has to decide on UNC and then have him come back in the room and he's gonna be like, so how we looking? Yeah. Then you tell him your decision and then Bub has to look at you and be like, what the hell?


Yeah, God Damnit, y'all gonna do that to Bubba. He also just, he, he went on CBS and ESPN after and just used, I don't know who his human shield was next to him, but they asked him a question about UNC and he, he brought another guy who was from the committee and he, he immediately said, well I wasn't allowed to talk about UNC so I'm just gonna have to defer to him. Yeah. It just made him answer all the hard Questions. He's gonna answer all the UNC related topics that you have for me. This is classic Belichick. Yeah. I think he might have had something to do with it. Yeah, Well he was on a Beach. He was on a beach. We know that. Yeah. We do know that. Also. Living his best life. Living his best life life. Congrats athlete. Congrats athlete. I mean my hank, that's a, that I do that game with my kids.


Yeah. Your kids are small. Actually the age difference is less between me and my kids. Your kids are, don't weigh a lot but, but like that's the airplane game I play with my kids. I'm not gonna make fun of Coach Belichick for doing that. Congrats Bill. She wearing headphones in this? Yeah. So they're not talking. He's just listening to like airplane noises. Okay. Either way, backseat back to bracket UN Unc got in. So here's a stat that I looked up. 'cause the bracket matrix, they track everything. Yes. They, they compile everybody, all the amateur bracketologist out there, which is such a funny science to study. They have 111 bracketologist and they compile all their results outta those 111.


27 of the 111 had UNC in the bracket and 111 out of 111 Bracketologist had West Virginia in Yes. And UNC got in, they got Screwed. I think there were one in 12 in Quad one. Yeah, they, they beat UCLA. Hmm. They listen the committee And we, we can ask John Rothstein the committee. It's very clear they stopped working on Friday night. Maybe that's why Leonard's been sleeping because it makes no sense that UNC is in this tournament. It makes no sense that Michigan got a five. It makes no sense that Louisville got an eight, Louisville got an eight. It makes no sense that they put Wisconsin and Denver in four days after, in the third game total in the tournament.


Yeah. They're playing at like one o'clock in the afternoon. I Have a question for Big Cat. Why does the Big 10 insist on having their championship game as late as Possible? I don't think it's the big 10. I think it's CBS Are, they ask them to, so they have a lead in for The, well, I mean I think it's the, the tv The TV networks dictate that Because it's so late that the committee is forced to ignore the results of the Big 10 championship game. Correct. No matter what put that CBS. Yeah. I mean they want a game going into the bracket reveal and they have rights to the Big 10. Yeah. So, so they, I'm sure the Big 10 would like to be like, Hey can we play this game on Saturday and C B's like no we need this right before. So I think, I think Louisville finished the season 20 and two. Yeah, they were 14th in the AP and they were 23 third in the net and they got an eight seed.


Yeah They got an eight seed. Riddle me this Also Gonzaga is an eight seed and they are a top 10 Ken Pom team. Yeah. Houston would potentially have to match up against them in the second round, which would be a very tough matchup. Especially for, I think Houston was Houston technically the second one seed, I have the full seed list. Hold on, let me find it. 'cause I always love going through the seed list. I know Wisconsin was the fourth thir three in Michigan was the first fifth five seed. So, but it didn't like Purdue shouldn't have been a four. Michigan should have been the four. All right, here it is. You have it, it Houston. Oh, Houston's the third one seed. Okay. That actually makes sense. 'cause Duke is an absolute wagon. We can talk about them in a second.


Either way there's some weird things that they made. Like even I believe Colorado State is a 12 seed that's a three and a half point favorite. Yep. Over Memphis. The five seed. So, and I know it's not off betting lines, but it's like this committee outside the UNCI think did a good job except for the fact that some of the seedings make absolutely no sense. Yeah. I think this year there weren't as many teams that are pissed off. Like obviously if you're Indiana, if you're West Virginia especially, you have every right to be super pissed. But there weren't a lot of bid Steelers this year. Right. But West Virginia did get Screwed. They got fucked. West Virginia got absolutely screwed. Okay. Well yeah. So yeah, I mean Houston might have to play without Juwan Roberts against the top 10.


Ken Palm team. I don't understand that. Gonzaga feels like it should have been a higher than an eight. Seed And Grand Canyon women's team got left off. Total snub. Why'd you? Well, no, they made the tournament And then of Of this one. Oh, this one? Yeah. Why'd you bring them up? I just thought that was a snub. You said something in the Cave too. York. I love their women's Program. Why? Yeah, they got a great program. Why? Because their head coach is very hot. No, no, no. That's so it on the Bon list. She's a great Coach. Yeah. Put it on the Bon List. She's a fantastic coach. Yeah, That's, that's that's why What's her name? Her name coach. Yeah, exactly. I have respect for, I call her coach. Coach. Okay. How do we wanna, how do we wanna break down the bracket? Where do we wanna start? You just want to go region by region. Let's go region by region. And I think that there should be a uniform there.


I'd say like 90% of the brackets are in the same format, but then you get some websites to try to get cute with it and they mix things around. Yeah. The regions, they go south in the top left corner. They go west in the bottom left corner and east top right. Midwest, bottom. Right. That's how it should be. Yeah. Agree. So just go by region. I agree. Alright. So South region top left. Yep. Top left. Auburn. The one overall seed. Another thing that made no sense, not only the Louisville being an eight seed, but if Louisville wins their first game, which I actually kind of like them to win that game. 'cause I think Chucky Hepburn's gonna put Steven Ashworth in a torture chamber. They're gonna be playing in Kentucky.


This game is in Lexington. Auburn's gonna have to play a road game in the second round as the number one overall seed. Yeah. It's one of those things where Louisville got fucked over by having a bad seed. So they have to play Creighton in the first round. Yeah. Which sucks for them. But also they get what would be two home games, Speaking of which Creighton and Yukon a little do to do on Saturday night. That was very funny. Or sorry, that was Friday night. Oof. My, my brain is, is warped. That was, that felt like a situation that Yukon fans didn't fully realize that when you're on the top of the block for as long as they've bend, people hate you and they just gotta, you just gotta eat it. And I'm okay with them like throwing home a slam dunk at the end of it. Hanging on the room celebrating a little bit.


Yeah, that's, I don't think it's that fucked up. Well, and they'll say, and and Danny Hurley who we, we love and we'll defend Danny Danny Hurley, but Danny Hurley does think part of what makes Danny Hurley great is he is boisterous and yells at fans and lives on the edge. And that's also why he's won back to back national titles is because he's that type of coach wired that way. What comes on the flip side is if you're wired like that where you're yelling at fans as you beat Creighton a month ago when the, the other team has a chance to rub it in your face, they're gonna do it. Yeah. Like, that's just how it works. So if you're a Yukon fan, I know you can get in arguments with Creighton, but you should just say, guess what? Yeah, we, we kind of, we kind of deserve, we we've been on the top for so long and we've been killing everyone.


Yeah. It's gonna, it's it's gonna turn every now and then. I'm okay with it. It's Fair, fair Play. You win the Big East, you, you celebrate with a dunk at the end. That's fine. They were trying to make the point that some fans were trying to make the point that Yukon never, like, you know, when, when, when Danny Hurley's son would get in, Andrew Hurley would get in games, he would dribble it out and he would yell at him not to shoot. Yeah. Those were also like 20 point games. And I, I don't think UConn does like run it up in that, in that scenario. But again, if you're, if you're the best team for two years running and you just demolish everyone and you have a coach like Danny Hurley, the minute it turns people are gonna take their shots. I'm okay With it. Max is a big east guy.


You think that's fair play? Yeah. I think that was obvious. An obvious retaliation to Right. Danny Hurley doing the rings to the Creighton student section on his way out of winning. Right. And people are like, well that's not the players. It's like, but it is, it is. It's an extension of the players. That's hundred percent. And, and I wouldn't, if I were a Yukon fan, I wouldn't take back Danny Hurley doing that to Creighton fans because that's what makes Danny Hurley wired that way to win two national titles. So it's like fair play all around in my, in my event. You just have to, if you're a Yukon fan, you just have to accept it and be like, yeah, we, we lost this one Tough shit we got dunked on. If you're the type of fan that gets online and says, stay classy after getting beat by somebody you've lost, you lost, you lost that argument already.


You've lost. And there's probably a bunch of people that did the stay classy to Danny Hurley from Creighton that are now getting stay classy by Yukon fans. Yes. Yes. And you're all losers big time. Alright, so that was Cre Creighton also has never won a Big East title. I feel like they've been to every single, every year they go to the final and they lose. I like Louisville in that game though. I do too. I got that moving Forward. Then we have the, the, the probably probably going to be the number 1 12 5 upset that everyone's gonna pick uc. San Diego, who's been awesome, who could have been an at large team if they failed to win the Big West, which they did on Saturday night playing against Michigan.


I think they're only three and a half point underdogs. The Tritons are fun though. They're, they're a top 60 team in offense and defense on Ken Palm. They're really, really good. They got a New Zealander who love, he would love PFT Tate Jones. He's tight. He's he's, he's sick. That's his last name. It's a hyphenated last name. Tate Jones. I don't know how to say his first name. It's, it's a lots Ena Ena Tight Jones. Yeah. Ena Tight Jones. But I watched that whole game on Saturday night. He's good. So, but that's, that's the pick that everyone's gonna make. They Force a lot of turnovers. Right. They force law. Michigan turns the ball over. But I will say Michigan obviously beat Wisconsin Big 10 title today. Dusty May called it correctly.


He was like, our team needs a reset. They got their reset and then they won the big 10 tournament and they looked really good doing it. So maybe they've turned the corner and gotten that reset they needed. And also they have two seven footers, which always scares me when you go up two seven footers against a, a smaller team. Yeah. If you look at San Diego starting lineup, it's all 6 4, 6 5. I think they got one guy who's six eight and they don't really run, they don't really, their, their pace isn't big. So if they can, if they can force turnovers, but Michigan, the way they were playing against Wisconsin, that's granted also like at the end of a big 10 tournament run where every team's tired. The shots aren't going in it. Like every shot was, It was a horrendous game to watch. Well yeah it Was. But it smoked out the haters. Who think that's what Wisconsin, how Wisconsin plays now.


Yeah. It was, it was not a fun game. But this goes back to what we talked about with Dusty Ma. It's like at the end of a hockey game and the Playoffs, you're getting your ass kicked. Start a fight. Yeah. Flip up the whole dynamic. And they got into a fight with Michigan State and, and played way, way better coming out of it. Yeah. I also kind of like, Yale is over text a and m Yale's Yale's a good team. I feel like Yale also just, that's just a Yale does it every year kind of guy. Remember the big sweater guy? Yeah. Yeah. That was pretty funny. Buzz is gonna be dressed up like a guy from Yale. He wears like nine piece suits. Yeah. He's gonna be sweating his balls off. It's gonna be great. I I feel like Buzz though. He might dress up like a guy from Yale but you if you spot him, he's not a Yale guy. No, he's not a, I'd say he dresses like a guy from Yale in the 1920s.


Yeah. Like A robber baron. Yeah. That, that contributes a significant amount to the Yale endowment. He Sweats too much to be a Yale guy. Yeah. Yale guys don't Sweat. And there's never been a guy from Yale named Buzz. No. And then we got Ole Miss verse San Diego State and UNC, which UNC we've already discussed. Now you know what's gonna happen you unc C to get to the Sweet 16? Well it's, there's one team that's in the play in that gets to the sweet 16 every year. Right. Yeah. It's gonna be them after everyone complained it's gonna be them. Louisville's gonna lose in in the first round and then UN C's gonna make it. Yeah. Yeah. Also Iowa State Great move by TJ Berger. He basically just held out a pretty big injury until after the selection committee decided.


Because they can ding you for that. They can absolutely ding you for that. And after, after everything was decided, he was just like, oh yeah, I forgot to mention one of our best players is out. My bad. Thanks for the three seed. See guys there. Yeah. We'll take it. We'll run. Yeah. We're we're good. We're good. Max Max and I were talking earlier about Villanova and then if them firing Kyle Neptune would've actually made it more likely for Villanova to make the tournament. Oh Yeah. No, that would've been the funniest thing ever. If just somehow they up. It's a resume. Bruce messed up And we were like, you know what Kyle, a Kyle Neptune list, Villanova team should make Dangerous. Should be, yeah. Should would be a dangerous team. I kinda like that idea. We also have New Mexico verse Marquette.


That's gonna be a fun game. Yeah, that's gonna be a lot of points. Cam Jones is awesome. New Mexico runs Ri Richard Patino. Richard Patino, Chaka Smart And Michigan State. Bryant at the bottom. I I actually like this region a lot for Michigan State. 'cause I, Auburn has not been playing its best ball ball. And Michigan State felt like on Saturday when Wisconsin beat 'em. Like that was the reset they kind of needed where they had been running so hot and it was a perfect time for IZO to be like, all right guys, we're not, you know, a perfect team. Let's get ready for the tournament. Yeah. A good loss. I have them. I have Michigan State winning this bracket. Yeah, I do too. Hank, any thoughts?


I like UNC to make a run. What's your mentals at right now? Hank? My mentals are, we're, we're stringing it together. This for why St Patrick's Day Give people, 'cause I don't want you to, I don't want the AWS to be like, Hank said five words. I actually said before you came in here, I was like over under 10 words. If we don't ask him any questions, I'll speak with, spoken to guys. How is St. Patrick's Day? St. Patrick's Day is a lot of fun. Chicago I would say it goes harder than Boston for St. Patrick's Day. Wow. Everywhere is absolute chaos. A lot of fun. I'm old. What was your I don't know that I have those days than me. What was too many more, more, more of those days than me if we Did a old school, like steel mill. Clock in, clock out. What was your clock in Clock out numbers.


It was a, it was a full 12 hour shift. 12 hour shift. Shift breaks. Yeah. At least. Was it I maybe overtime. Yeah. I feel like it was maybe some time and a half. What Time did you guys, did you guys all meet up early? What Time did you guys meet up? I went out late unquote at like 11. And You stayed out till two ish. That's 14 hours. Yeah. Yeah. Overtime. Time and a half. That's 15 hours. I was with Hank at 11. I went out until like four 30, went home, took a nap, went back out. Hank was still out from when I started and then I left Early sleep, death, you know that. Yeah. Sleep is Death. And then I left and then he was like, oh, well you're a pushy, you're gonna meet me out here and and then you're gonna be the one to leave early.


And I'm like, dude, I'm going home. You guys are, you guys are too fucked up for me. No, that's actually, that's the most impressive thing you can do. I think Max, I think it's way more impressive to go home for two hours, take a nap and then come back than it is to stay out for 15 hours. Yeah. I can't do that. I felt great. It felt I was rejuvenated. It was, it was like I was just starting my day over again. Yeah. The power. But nobody else was in my mindset, which I didn't account for. The power nap reset is something I, I don't think I've done that in 20 years. I really don't. Like it's, that's something that you just don't do when you get older. No. You go home, you even think about your house and you're like, well that's it for me for the night. Sleep is death. Sleep is death. The the what Hank is referring to as sleep is death is when 2015, when Wisconsin beat Kentucky in the final four, I basically stayed out from after that game until, so the game ended Saturday at like 10:00 PM I think I was out till about 4:00 AM Went to sleep for like three hours.


Got back up, went back out to the bar on that Sunday till like midnight. So basically was out for, I don't know, 24 out of 30 hours. And we were with clients and they were like, we have a tour of Lucas Oil Stadium. This is Sunday afternoon after I had been drinking for 14 out of 18 hours. And I just kept on repeating. I was like, sleep is death. Sleep is death. Sleep is death. I was like, I'm going on. I, the only way I can go on this tour is if you let me sneak alcohol in. So they, they poured me drinks into like a Coke can. And I walked in standing on Lucas Oil Stadium, just drinking like straight vodka, just trying to stay awake because I was so fucked.


Sleep is death but credit's. You hank Yeah. We're here. I'm excited for this week. I mean this, this is the best. Like, you know, it was definitely one of those like, I'm never drinking again type of mornings and and this is the best week to, to just take it easy and just go all in on college basketball. Yeah. Love it. Love it. How'd your bets do? Did you, you were so drunk. You forgot to fade me. Yeah. Damn. That's tough to do. Good stuff. No, actually did well. So you, you're good. Alright. This Was a good week. Shout out oldie. Yeah. If you tailed oldie. You did well. Yeah. Oldie with some red hot. Okay. Any other thoughts from this region? I'm excited for this region. I like Michigan State though A lot. Yeah. I got Michigan State over Auburn. Yeah.


Okay. West Florida is the, is the one seed in the west. This is, is this my region of death? No, I think it's another one. This is the best region of coaches. This might be the best region of coaches. Yeah. The the big storyline in this, in this region is that we get Bill Self versus Cal for a chance to play Rick Pitino. If Rick Pitino can beat Omaha. If Rick Pitino beat Omar. I need that to be Cal Vino. Yes. Cal v Petino. That's what America is hoping for. Kansas is a bummer to watch. Yeah. They like, because you're gonna look at them and and think, oh wait, it's Kansas. Kansas is the tournament bill self and the tournament. They're gonna be a pain in the ass to watch. But Arkansas is not great.


No. So this, I think Kansas is favored, aren't they? It's a seven 10. But I think Kansas is also a slight Favorite. Someone look it up on DraftKings right now. This is my region of death because I think Florida, Maryland, and St. John's and Texas Tech, those the top four seeds in this region all in my mind could be Final four teams. And they've Got maybe the best 12 seed. Yeah. They have one of the best 12 seasons in Colorado state who's a favorite in this game. And Florida's probably playing the best ball outta anyone right now. They just steamrolled the SEC tournament. Oh yeah. And also Yukon is in there. Okay, so let's talk about that real, real quick. 'cause Florida's gonna beat Norfolk State and then Yukon plays Oklahoma. I think Yukon can lose to Oklahoma.


I kind of don't want Yukon to lose to Oklahoma 'cause I want Yukon to play Florida and everyone to be like, watch out for Yukon and Florida's gonna beat 'em by a hundred. And it's no offense to Yukon, they've, they're back to back title winners, but they're not the same Yukon. But you're gonna see Yukon in that second round and state. Everyone's gonna be like, you're Gonna save to yourself. Danny Hurley. He knows how to coach during the tournament And Florida will kill him. Very. Florida's would be, that would be my take on that. So I'm, I'm, I'm rooting for Yukon just so that I can bet Florida against Yukon. Florida's very good. Yeah. Colorado State team has started five and five probably the hottest team in the country. They are awesome. And they're the 12 seat over Memphis and they are a three and a half point favor. Which makes perfect sense if you follow the numbers.


It doesn't make sense if you just look at a Bracket. And Memphis, they have that. What's the guy that they got that scored four? He scored 42 I think in the tournament. Semifinals. I don't know who's They have a big injury though. Fuck. Who is it? I wrote down notes. God damnit. I took notes on like three different things. They Have, they have a really, really Good player. And I can't, I can't remember where all my notes are. Oh, Tyrese Hunter is the, is the Memphis player who might be out. He was in a walking boot and he will, he's a, he's a very big part of their defense. Yeah. Nick Clifford is, he's awesome. He's awesome. No, we were looking for Memphis. I think it was Clifford.


I think Clifford. Oh you're saying Colorado State scored 42 points. Memphis. I know somebody on Memphis scored. Oh yeah. 'cause I think 42 in the semis. Alright, Find it Max there. I watched so much fucking basketball. My brain is just completely PJ Haggerty. He scored 42. He's a bucket. He's a walking bucket. Max is just not good at the Google thing. 42. There you go. There we go. There we go. Against Wichita. Against Wichita State. Yeah. There we go. Against, Against Wichita. You got it. Max. That nap coming in Clutch. That nap is, you can feel that. I took another Nap today. Let's go. Wow, You Did. I'm napped up. I'm napped up. What roots Did you take that nap?


I don't know. Around like one. Hell yes. Sick. Yeah. Nate Clifford though for Colorado State is he's awesome. And without Tyrese Hunter, if he doesn't play, that would be a problem. Missouri Drake. I'm very excited for. Oh, Maryland. Maryland. Grand Canyon's gonna be a good game. Maryland kind of got screwed too. I feel like they probably could have been a three. The Crab five. Yeah. The best nickname They have to, where is that game? Why doesn't the games, why don't the games have the locations on the bracket? I don't know where that game is, but I, I got a fun stat about Maryland. Okay. Queen one of the members of the Fab Five. Yes. Crab five. Yeah, that's what I said. Right. You said Fab five. First time I said crab. The crab five. They have lost in every single game that he's made a three pointer.


Mm. So keep keep an eye out for that. If he makes a three early on, they're gonna lose. Do not. Yeah. If he's, do not let him shoot any threes. That's very important. Yeah. So I, I like Maryland in that little quadrant. And then Missouri Drake's gonna be very fun because Drake is an absolute snail of a team. They don't want, they wanna go as slow, as slow as possible. If there was no shot clock, they would hold the ball for the like 10 minutes to start the game. That's they, they'd be like the, a high school team just being like, we're not gonna play this game. We're gonna make it a three possession game and Mizzou can run. And then Texas Tech is really good too. So this, this might be our region of death.


I'm just rooting for Drake to keep playing so we can make jokes. That's it. Okay. That's like when Oral Roberts is playing. Yeah. You loved that season. Yeah. Yeah. With Drake. A lot of, And Morehead you loved when it was Oral Roberts and Morehead that Yeah. That's the best. That was. Maybe that was my Super Bowl bracket. Yeah. Yeah. You can't, can't get better than that. Hank, how you doing? Checking in. Good. Checking in on the west. Checking in on you physically. I actually think you should fill it out right now because there's a chance you might just be so hung over that you turned off your brain and you just come up with the best picks. I Would like Coach Cal to make a run. Okay. I think that'd be fun. Okay. Good thoughts.


And St. John's, I, you, I bet St. John's final four probably a month or so ago when you told me to. And we'll be rooting for that As well. St. John's good. They play Big East basketball. Do you have a Pen over there? I do. Yeah. Memes. And Max, if you guys have any thoughts or picks you love, just chime in because I know memes, did you already fill out a bracket? Memes has St. John's win it all. St. John's win it all. I filled out my entire bracket. It's kind of, it's a weird final four. What's your final four? Michigan State. St. John's. BYU Kentucky. Hmm. Hmm. Michigan State. St. John's. BYU Kentucky. That's, that's, That's the first go at it. How many edits are you gonna do? Probably two or three.


How what what led you to that? I love BYU. I just love how they play and the region they're in. I think they could outrun the teams. They're gonna play shots At you. Yeah. Straight shots. You, but that's also memes. And it had been a while because I haven't been in a lot of big games in a long time. It had been a while since I lost a, a quote unquote big game. The Big 10 championship today. Memes was just firing off the memes instantly. Like it felt like he had been waiting for that moment for so long. 'cause he hasn't had a chance. If You're just betting on social media memes, I would say that you want, you want Wisconsin to beat BYU and then you want Wisconsin to lose to Duke?


No. You want Or the Wisconsin Bama? No, I think you want Wisconsin to beat Bama just so that Duke can be the one to beat you. I think if, if I'm just thinking about memes here. No, He's gonna get, listen, he's gonna get 'em off no matter when Wisconsin loses. Like it's gonna be, he's ready to go no matter what. I made so many more today too. Oh, of course. I'm sure you did. There's so many good ones. I thought you were gonna win too. We, we need to have a rule for, we need to get back control. Remember when we used to have control of the Twitter account? Yeah. It's had the password for the Twitter account forever. We need to get control for when memes loses. We, we should do that next year if the Jets are ever in a big game.


Oh, you know what? The Knicks. So if the Knicks, when the Knicks are in the playoffs, I want, I want control if the Knicks are in elimination game. Okay. Deal. So we can just go off on memes. What about the islanders? Nah, they suck. They suck. I knew that they suck. Okay. East I've come to the realization that I think Duke's gonna win the whole thing. So Flagg, his injury is going to, I don't think he's gonna play at all in the first two games. Doesn't matter. But then he's gonna be back. Will he be a hundred percent? Doesn't matter. I don't know. They're still very deep. They're so good. I they're gonna win it all. I've just come to accept that. I it would, they're just so well-rounded, so deep.


I think Cooper flag will be fine. I think he, he probably, even if he doesn't play in the first weekend, they'll be fine. And then it'll be fully healthy. They're so good. I can't, I'm, I'm just, I have to brace myself. Where are they playing? Probably somewhere. Probably at Durham, Raleigh. There you go. Pretty easy. Pretty easy trip for him on I have the, oh by the way, shout out to our guy Jonathan Warner. I think we mentioned him last year. A lot of people have brackets. He's the only guy I know that in the 45 minutes from when the bracket is released to when the tip times come out, he tries to predict every tip time. How do you do this here?


I don't know. There's so many games. I'm trying to see if you nailed any of 'em. No. And you're playing on Thursday, right? Yeah. Whiskey. Yeah. Okay. So Duke, we have, we have revenge games in Duke's region. 'cause we have Jeremy Roach on Baylor could play Duke. He played for Duke. And then we also have on Arizona, if they get to the Sweet 16 against Duke killed Love, which would be fun. Mm. To see them go up against each other one last time. I think AR Oregon is the, is the scary team in this region for Duke. If they can get to the Sweet 16. Yeah, I have Oregon, beating Arizona in the second round. Because that will be, I think that's gonna be the Caleb love masterpiece. Yeah. I think he'll go three for 21 for 14 points.


I Like that. I think that's where, we'll I like that essentially the, the Josh Rosen stat line of basketball. Yes. Yes. Okay. Then in the bottom half. Yeah, it's B-Y-U-V-C-U. Memes is BYU If, if BYU loses in the first round, memes, I'd like access to the Twitter account. Okay. Deal. Okay. I'm A BYU leaver. Oh. Please don't say that ever again. Means what? How much BYU basketball have you watched? I wa I watch every single game they play, they play late and I, I just love bending on 'em. Okay. BYU and VCU. That's actually a stylistic clash because VCU can muck it up and just play gritty defense right.


In their face. And then Wisconsin, Montana, Wisconsin got screwed in terms of the time. But you gotta go play the games. And altitude. And altitude. It is crazy. Montana's. Montana's used to the altitude. Yeah. It is crazy. The third game on Thursday after playing four games in a row out in Denver. Yeah. I don't know why they didn't give, I also don't know why they wouldn't want, why, why wouldn't you wanna sell more tickets? Why wouldn't you want Wisconsin to be in in Milwaukee like they were? Well there's two other three seeds in Milwaukee. So who, who is playing in Milwaukee? What three seats? Kentucky and, and, and Iowa State. I don't know. I think like protecting a three seed is like halfway down the list of stuff that's important for them.


Yeah, I know. It's just, it just kind of made no sense. I actually think they probably should have lost on Saturday. It almost hurt them. Yeah. And then Alabama, St. Mary's, Vanderbilt and Robert Morris, the bottom half. We need Alabama to lose. I got Van D. I think Baba could beat Duke. Why? I think they could. They're good. I think they possibly could too. Phylon is my favorite player to watch and call it. They get hot. Hank was also you, didn't you? I also didn't watch the game on Saturday. But you also did not watch the game on Saturday. It was out at the bar. Didn't they get Absolutely. They got bullied. Smoked. Oh yeah, they got bullied. Oh. Oh The Bamo game. No, I didn't watch the Bamo game. Yeah, I watch they got bullied. Bamo also is not as good of a three point shooting team as they were last year when they went to the Final Four, which they were a very good team last year I think.


And Grant Nelson got hurt. Who knows what's gonna happen with him. That's a very big injury. That Is, did not Know that. Yeah. That happened on Saturday night. That Changes things for my Bracket. Saturday afternoon. That's, you gotta check in on Grant Nelson. He might be okay. Bosco couldn't get an answer. But they did crush Vandy when they played earlier. Yeah. And then St. Mary's, I don't know anything about St. Mary's. St. Mary's. Wait, do they have an Australian guy this year? They always do. Randy Bennett's been to about a billion tournaments. He also, they, the last two years they've not played great but I think one of 'em was against Yukon. So it's like that doesn't really count. 'cause Yukon was really, really good. They'll slow it down.


So it would be a very fun matchup to see Alabama trying to speed it up for St. Mary's. Slowing it down. Where are they? On Ken Palm? They had a very St Mary's year. They beat Gonzaga twice in, in league play and then lost to him in the championship game. Hmm. And they're a very well-rounded team that plays very slow 359 in Tempo. Yep. That's what they want to do. And Bama is one That's, that's why I wanna see it be very funny to watch. Okay. And then in the Midwest we have, like I said, Houston kind of got screwed 'cause Houston Gonzaga is the ninth team in Ken Palm and Houston is a one seed. So that's who they maybe have to match up with in the second round.


And they have a big injury with Juwan Roberts. So that could be, that could be a wrinkle in this whole bracket that Happens to Houston every year. Yeah, every year they've got the worst luck. This is one of my favorite regions. And just that there's a game that I really want to happen in Illinois and Kentucky in the second round. That would be so much fun because it's like the two quintessential boomer bust teams where if they're on, they play the best basketball in the world and when they're off they are just absolute dog shit. So I would love to see them match up and hope both are on because we'd get one of the best tournament games possible. I like the, I like the bottom half of this bracket. A lot. I like Illinois, Kentucky, UCLA and Tennessee.


I think those will make for at the very least very entertaining second round matchups. Yeah. If they all win Tough Region. Clemson also, I feel like they got a little bit screwed with their seating. But Clemson, Purdue High point's gonna be a Greek game. There's so many fucking good games. I God damnit. I love this tournament. I Heard a rumor that high point's not pumped about playing Purdue. Oh really? Yeah. It's a rumor. It It's a rumor. You got sources. No, I don't wanna throw anybody under the bus. It's not it under the bus. No, but it's someone who's in my inner circle and you know, we have a a good relationship. Yeah. And so I don't want to go behind their back. I don't wanna annoy the guy. Yeah. Hank, what are your thoughts on the Midwest? I got Houston coming outta the Midwest. Yeah.


I like Houston, Tennessee in the Elite Eight. And I think high point's gonna make a run despite not loving their first round matchup against Purdue. That's Bad to not love that. Yeah, I know. That's what I said too. The one thing I will say about this bracket, it's Crazy that they hypothetically were even thinking about Purdue this, this early on. High point. Yeah. What do you mean? Like they said before the tournament actually nevermind. Well, oh They said before Tournament They didn't wanna play. They were just saying like if there's a bunch of teams that they could play in that you know, the slot that they were looking at, the 13 ish slot that they were putting themselves in and Purdue was one of the teams that they said do do not like that matchup. Who's your guy Source? I don't wanna talk about it.


Max. Just rumors He knows someone at High Point. He knows A coach. No, no. Got it. I didn't say that. You know it was a train training Stuff. Who said it was a he? Yeah, good point. Hank PFT Has multiple insiders sources that are women. That's right. Could be anyone. Purdue's defense is not good. I think this is the, I think the Midwest region. So the West is my region of death. 'cause I think there's four teams that are all very like qualified to be in the Final four. Midwest is my chaos region. I this could go any which way. 'cause I could with Juwan, Roberts out, Alfred Houston, potentially out for Houston. There's not one in like Tennessee.


Rick Barnes. Rick Barnes, Rick Barnes season. And then you have two teams in Kentucky and Illinois who at their ceiling could be Final Four teams. But they've also shown their floor and it's very ugly. I Like Coach Cal. He could lose that first round matchup again. That would be a game that Cal would lose Pope. Pope. I don't think so. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Pope is, you know Cal would lose Troy Cal. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. Cal would lose Troy. Troy Would throw his zone at Cal and he'd be like, what? I think Pope would not lose Troy. Right. Pope might lose to Illinois. Yeah. And also this, this region has some a fun wrinkle that Mick Cronin who was very vocal about Eastern standard time and having to play there and you say it was bad playing in Eastern standard time this year.


This they have to go play in Eastern standard time. That's tough. So they kind of stuck it to 'em there. Yeah. This is my region of, I don't know what the fuck's gonna happen. So I, I think here's my take. I think whoever wins the East winning it all. Yeah. It's gonna be Duke. Duke's gonna win it all. Could be Wisconsin, could be Bama. Florida's The only chance. Why Not? Why not Wisconsin Revenge in the elite aid for a chance of the final four. Listen, I'm, I just wanna to get to the sweet 16. That's my, everything after that is like, let's just, let's see what happens. God will take me Revenge. Yeah. If Wisconsin can shoot like you're just out on Thursday. You're just a memes. Memes start Start of the championship. DVD 2015. You're just another memes you wanna set me up for.


I do. I am very happy that Wisconsin played a game like today where it just, it really smoked out all the haters. 'cause there's a lot of people who watched their first college basketball game today and they're like, wow, Wisconsin stinks. They hit 18 threes on Friday. They played great offense, bad day. They were tired Legs. They were taking the same shots. I actually think that they were taking better shots. Yeah. They were good In the championship game than they were on Friday. It's just that every shot they were taking on Friday was going in. Yeah. Every single one. And They just were ran outta gas. But that was, it was fun to, I got a lot of bookmarks and hopefully I can revisit. Alright. What any other things from the bracket? We're gonna get into more of it with John Rothstein.


Talk more brackets. I'm sure he's got some, some good intel we didn't even think about. Oh, I had one thing that I wanted to say about this. This is the year that don't be afraid to just do chalk. I know that. It sounds like you never wanna be that guy. Don't get as cute as you think you want to get. Because I saw this stat it from Max Bar CBB on Twitter. Only four teams since 2000 have entered the tournament. Plus 35 net rating. That's adjusted deficiency rating on Ken Palm or better. So only 14 since 2000 entered the tournament plus 35 net rating.


That was the 2021 Gonzaga Bulldogs. They were, they finished second, they, they were the runner up in that year. 2019 Virginia. They were the champion. 2015 Kentucky Final Four, loss of Wisconsin 2001 Duke. They won it all. So only four teams since 2000 at 35 net rating or higher this year, four teams have 35 net rating or higher. Wow. So that's insane. Yeah. Like that, that just shows you that the one seeds this year are playing at such a high level and are so dominant that it's literally net the, the, the total amount of teams. That is good.


This year it's been whatever, 25 years it took four for four other teams to do it. So Duke, Florida, Houston, Auburn are historically great teams. And so don't be afraid to just go chalk. That would be my speech. You're gonna want to get cute. Well get, don't get cute. Maybe get cute early on. Get cute early on. And I would say if you're gonna try to say, hey, where can we not do the one seed? It would be if Juwan Roberts doesn't play in Houston, might be that one. And maybe Michigan State possum. Michigan State overall. Auburn does have bad vibes the way they finish out the season. Bad body language. They didn't look Great. But a Auburn bam. A national championship hypothetically. I would like to see that.


No, why not? He just, He has a bam, a few. He has a bam a few. But every Time he's, well every time they play it's a, it's a good game. He wants Max on the bus. Not even, I mean I just want good content. He Wants you at the, at the pumps party And you on the bus. What's Max on the bus for? Pick him. We made a bet. Rico Bosco. Huge Bama fan. Good call. A basketball expert. Close friends of Nate os. If Alabama doesn't make the final four Rico, Bosco has to take a bus to San Antonio from New York City. If Alabama does make the final four, max and Jack McCarthy have to take a bus from Chicago to San Antonio.


And I have to go to the pump party on Thursday night. Am Am, am I This is a pick him bet. Yeah. Am I a part of the pick him show? Yeah. Yeah. By proxy. Yeah. Alright. Just wanted to put a little bit of context out there that this is an insane bet that I'm a part of. Max Just got thrown into it for no reason. I know you're a chill guy. Who will do it? You're a chief scout. It's Max. Yeah. Yeah. Ba yeah. That's basically what happened. Yeah. Blame your buddy. It Jack MCC McCarthy. No, it was Jack McCarthy. No, It was just buddy. It was Jack first Rico. And then, and then you were like, oh yeah, we'll have Max go with Jack too. Well well BA's gonna Loses what, what's done is done. Bama Has to lose. You have to, you have to, as Hank said, we're just rooting for content.


So you'll be very invested in those games. Other good content though would be Wisco beating Bama and then beating Duke. Oh, I appreciate that. 'cause I, I assumed you wanted them to lose one of those games so that you can get your memes off. Well then he, he's just assuming you would lose in the final four. Oh Yeah. But that would be, it would be losing at some point. Those would be two electric, electric games. Those would be electric gates. Big Cat versus Hank Be fun. Duke, Wisconsin. People forget. I respectfully didn't even wear Duke. You did gear to, you were very nice about that. The national championship team. It was very nice about that. Wow. There's, I just love looking at this bracket Also.


The NIT bracket just came out Max. Oh, You're not in it. Sorry. What Do you, are you aware of the crown Or are you not aware of the crown? Oh, The college basketball crown. Yeah, the fake tournament that it just Built Up at the last Second. The crown is pretty, the Crown pretty prestigious. The crown. I don't think you know about the crown. I know About the crown. Ah, the crown where they say that they're gonna make NIL payments, but they don't actually make NIL payments unless you finish in the finals. That Crown, the crown is gonna be pretty sick. It's in Vegas. It's pretty awesome. Is Villanova in the Crown? We're we, we should Be Standby. Who's coaching him? Great point. I want him to do a player coach Eric Dixon. Oh, Coach.


What is he gonna do? Miss more shots? Yep. Then and then we're just on, I, I'm fine with losing immediately and, and just figuring out who our next coach is. You're fine with losing the crown then. Let's not be that important tournament. It's not that important. Okay. But it's cool to say, say the Crown. It's cool to say the crown. Yeah. It was a good weekend of hoops. Fucking wall to wall. I had fun until I didn't. Anything else? NI who say oh NIT. So wait, do you have the NIT bracket? Yeah, I got the NIT bracket right now. Give it to us. All right. SMU against Northern Iowa. Smu the one seed Oklahoma State at Wichita or against Wich, Wichita State.


Arkansas State against St. Louis, north Texas. Against Furman, Dayton. Furman In that Dayton. The NIT has taken a hit This year. Oh man. Dayton Against FAU. Middle Tennessee against Chattanooga. Bradley against North Alabama. George Mason against Sanford. I love George Mason's big man. He was fun to watch. Yeah. San Francisco against Utah Valley. San Jose State against Loyola Chicago. Sister Gene. Yeah, St one last ride. St. Bonnie's against Kent State and then Stanford against csun. Cal State Northridge. So no, Indiana, do they just deny the bid? They might be in the crown? No, they're in the crown. All in the You're the crown dude. Power five teeth. You gotta understand how, oh wait, the crown is, you don't get the crown.


I left off one leg of the bracket. Then we have uc, Irvine, Northern Colorado, Georgia Tech against Jacksonville State. St. Joseph's against UAB Santa Clara against uc, Riverside. The NIT. It's gonna be about the Crown. So wait, who's the, who's respect's the biggest Power five team in the, in the NIT this year? I respect Georgia Tech. Respect. It looks like the a c is the only Power Is the only Crown. Georgia Tech. Stanford. Stanford. S-M-U-S-M-U. Oklahoma State. Yeah. Okay. Damn. And then Hank's. Furman. You like Furman all the way. I like Furman a lot. Where they, all The way? Furman. Whats The Furman? Boilers. Boilers.


All right. Like boilers. Like a, a chef. Someone who boils something or boilers. Like an engine. Like an engine. Okay. Hey, did you fill out a bracket? I did. Alright. Give it to us. Well, I asked a question for a reason, although I didn't know about the injury I have out of the South Auburn coming outta the West St. John's after beating Yukon. Oh, in the Elite Eight? Yeah. So you have Yukon over Florida And Maryland. Yeah. Wow. They, you gotta beat the Champs to be the champs. That, But that They have the championship. DNA. What if Florida beats the champs? What if Oklahoma beats the champs? I don't think they're going to, I think Okay. I think this team is coached well. They have championship DNA, they know what it takes to get it done at this time of the year.


Rick Pitino, he has championship DNA. It's true. That's why he's gonna beat. It's Been tested. And then I have Houston beating Tennessee to advance outta the Midwest. I love that. When, when you talk college basketball, you say it the correct Houston Way. Houston Auburn. I like Kentucky, Tennessee matchup before that. That'll be a fun one. High point. They have the, the kid, he's gonna be the story. The Exciting white. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, who, who mean mugged? Yeah. Yeah. Big time. And then in this bracket, I guess I wasn't thinking about storylines, but I have Bama beating Wisconsin and then Duke on the way to the final Four.


So Bama iss gonna be in the final four, And they're going to beat Auburn to win it All. So you have Bama winning it all. And Max having to take a bus and me having to go to the pump party. Yeah. I wasn't really thinking about any of that when I filled this bracket out. This is just how it kind of shook, shook out. Yeah. Got it. Well, that would suck, right, max? I'm, I'm still doing research on the Crown. What are you, what are you Finding? You might not even be in the Crown. What do you got for Us? No, we're definitely in the Crown. I think we have an auto bid to the Crown. Yeah, the Crown is in conjunction with the TV network. So they basically force teams to go to the crowd.


Got it. You can't say no, correct? Yeah, I did ask some Villanova people because I've been trying to get on, get on the, I'm trying to get in the know of who our next coach is gonna be. I'm like, can we opt out of the next tournament to just focus on coaching? And apparently you're not allowed to opt out of the ground. That sucks. You can opt outta the NIT, You can opt outta the, It's an invitation. You're not allowed To opt out of the ground. You just gotta wait for Vandy to lose. Then you get your next coach. Yeah, he's, he's on, he's on the list. Who else Is on your list? Jay Wright. I can give you my list. Richard Pitino. I can give you my list. Okay. Richard Pitino is on my list.


Italian League. My list is TJ Tson Tson. What's his name? Zen Berg Oberg. Yep. Todd Golden. Will Wade, Tommy Lloyd, Ben McCollum, Ryan Odom, Chris Collins. Mitch Henderson. Richard Patino. Matt Lel, Porter Moser. Wait, wait, Hold on. Go back real quick. Todd Golden is the Florida head coach. Yep. On my list. Who's on one seed and has probably an insane NIL and coaches in the SEC On my list. He's Gonna go to Villanova. He's on my list. Is Villanova. Are they Jesuit school? What? I don't know what to, I, he's on my list.


I don't You think he's Villanova material? He's on your list. He's on my list. John Shier? Yep. He's On your list. Sure. He can be on my list. I do like Will Wade though. Let's get Will Wade a a a proper program to run now Father Peter would love Will Wade and, and Todd Golden. What About Chris Beard List? He's on the list. List. They're all on The list. They're all on the list. They're on the list. Vov was the number one job in America. Arguably Championship. DNA. What about Jay Wright? Jay Wright owns the list. Oh, he runs the list. He, he runs the list. So What do you think they'd have to offer Jay Wright to come back?


I think they have offered him unlimited money, so I think that there is not a number. Got It. What would you personally do to get Jay Wright as the coach? What, what would you want? I would do, I Just wanna know where your line is. Yeah, my line is high. My line. I Miss j Wright. Would You suck and fuck? Yes. Okay. Would you, would you quit? Would I quit this show? Yeah. I wouldn't let you. I'd think about it. Well, you should say yes because we we just say no, you're not allowed to. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Would you kill memes? Easy. That's easier than quitting the show. I would help you with that.


Yeah. He's a BY. He's a BYU lever. Don't say That. Please don't say that. YU leave. He's just been like cackling to himself back here with the Mike soft saying BYU. Leave her over and over again. It was So bad. I wish they, I wish they had given A-B-Y-U-A Sunday game and just be like, let's put our chips on the table here. Yeah. I, I would say it would be funny if, if there's a year where BYU makes a tournament, but they're not very good and the committee's just like, yeah, we're giving you Friday. Sunday. You're not gonna win. Don't worry. Yeah, it's not a big deal. Okay. Let's do who's back of the week and then we will get to more bracket. Talk with John Rothstein,


who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends at truly, truly unruly. Guess what guys? We're about to get unruly this summer. Truly hard Seltzer is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light party hard with 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Fine. Truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com. Go right now. Truly unruly. It's about to be warm. We did have a little snow this morning. That was crazy. That Stunk. It was like 68 degrees on Friday. It Was 75 And then it snowed. Yeah, but guess what? We're gonna get unruly this summer and it's right around the corner. Truly unruly. Go check it out with 8% A BV. It hits harbor still tastes amazing. Official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


Alright, Hank, who's back the week? My who's back? You got it in you. Yeah, I got a couple. Let's go. My first one is Playoffs. Playoffs. Playoffs. We talk about it a lot. I mean, it's obviously a week early, but there was a lot of college basketball similar to the tournament and having something to wean you off on Monday. And the golf gods, the weather gods have granted us that there's a three hole aggregate playoff for the players championship tomorrow morning. 9:00 AM Eastern. So that will be a nice, nice thing to wake up to. Nice way to get your way into the week. Rory McElroy. JJ Spawn. Who's Gonna win? I hope jj. Yeah. Why? I just, Rory. It's a fun storyline of him just, you know, kind of getting so close and choking, but Rory on St.


Patrick's Day. True. I feel like that's good vibe for him. Right? But isn't he, he, Northern Ireland also celebrates it. They do. I looked it up. Yeah. Oh, it's not as big a deal, I don't think as like they're Protestant up there. It's St. Patrick's Day. That's a Catholic thing. I just feel like if it's a guy from a part of Ireland against a guy, not from a part of Ireland that leans towards the, the Irish guy, Then my other, wait, Do you not like Rory? Now? You've come around on our ta on our discussion. I'm a Live guy. This is where it's like, I, I haven't something I've come around. You see the Live performer? Yeah, she was Great. She was awesome. What if Liv just decided to get into the college basketball playoff scene? Probably's gonna happen. Probably gonna be what? The crown is gonna crown The crown. Yeah. It's kinda what it is, right?


Crown Prince. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then my other, who's back of the week is, Hey, it's Hank's hot in the street and this is definitely a sign of, I'm really old, but have you guys seen Borks? Nope. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, You're talking about the jugs? Yeah. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it, they're, It's big in Madison. I see everyone drinking Borks. Think it's out on the lake. I Think it's Borg, isn't it Bor G or it's Borg. Sorry. Yeah. Black blackout rage gallon. Yeah. Yeah. And it's basically just pouring it's Jungle juice, A ton of vodka into a gallon jug, some water, and then just the like liquid drops. Yeah, the flavor Drops. Yeah. Foul. Yeah. But did You not have that at like, parties?


Not, no, not in the way, not in a way where like used to Use Everclear. I've seen, we Wouldn't put it in the, in, we'd put it in like an actual Gatorade container. It wasn't as, it's not as common. It seems like it's a super, super common thing where like they're, you know, in the streets of Boston, streets of Chicago, there's just all the confiscated borgs, gallon borgs and people name 'em and stuff. The Borg James, What it is, it's just like a personal thing that you bring around. It's just, It just to get blacked out. Yeah. It used to be just jungle juice in that cooler at the party. Yeah. And then you have some of that, you never have to worry about cleaning out the cooler because you just make more jungle juice and it goes in there. But now yeah, you've got your own Borg that you carry around. Yeah. No co like it's just, it's, it's, it's so ratchet. I assume assume just have a half handle of vodka and, and some, I I assume it's also like, it's a lot of underage drinking, I would assume.


The borgs it's got Yeah. Big. Oh, look at all those borgs body borgs confiscated. Yeah. I, I, I'll, it is one of those things that I saw it and I immediately said that would make me want to die. But if I, I were 20 years old, I'd be heavy into the borks. Definitely. All right, so those are two Who's backs? Those are those are it. All right. Hank, Hank took one of my, whose backs? Borgs. I was gonna say Borg. Yeah. Oh shit. So I brought, I brought two. Sorry. We should Borg. Yeah, it, it definitely made me, it seems like a case race thing, but a Borg race. No, I just think, yeah, chairman of the Borg like that. My who's back of the week is Karen Reed.


Oh, you guys remember Karen Reed? Yeah. So her trial's going to resume Restarting. I think it's gonna restart. Hank, you probably know more about it than I do. Karen Reed. Is it? They're restarting her trial. Yeah. So I thought what would happen? Why'd it get stopped last time? No, I think it was a, They didn't come to a decision or whatever. Is That hung jury? No. What's a hung jury Split. Jury Hung jury. When you're all just packing heat. Yeah, I think that's it. Too many Cocks. There was a lot of meat on the jury. No, it was, yeah, there was, it's Not unanimous. It wasn't unanimous. Yeah. Not unanimous. Yes. Another murder news trial. There's a new OJ Simpson documentary, which I watched as well, which doesn't, I will watch every single OJ documentary that they put out. I will learn nothing new.


Every single one that I watch because I've already seen 20 of them. But I'm gonna watch it if it's out. I have a question for you. PFT if we're in the circle of trusts. Yep. I actually almost made a purchase for you the other night. But then I realized, you know what, this is probably too messed up. Oh, I should've done it. I don't know if it's still live. There was an auction selling off OJ Simpson's clothes. What kind of clothes? Like Hawaiian shirts. Oh, not the clothes? No. Okay. But like Clothes, just his entire closet. Listen, I don't like oj. I've been very clear on that. Ojs been on my shit list for a long time.


Ever since he blocked me on twitter.com. So you're saying I so maybe I shouldn't, I should have bought it, but it maybe the fucked up part is that I saw it and immediately thought He thought of me. Yeah. I want people to look at OJ and their first thought to be PFT. Like I know exactly who'd want this shirt? Remember we almost interviewed him outside of jail. Yeah. Well, no, it wasn't outside of jail. The deal was there was a, an alcohol brand, I won't say their name, that was asking us to pick him up from jail in a van and do an interview in the van on the ride home from the jail in Las Vegas, Nevada. Yeah. Like his first interview out was gonna be with us and we're like, you know what? He's, he's a murderer, so we're gonna pass credit to us. Yeah.


Integrity. Integrity. Also, it would've just been a terrible interview and He probably would've tried to kill us. Just Yeah. It would've, it would've been a bad one. All here's the, here's the auction site. Let me see if there's still Okay. You could get where, oh, oh is Heisman $10,000? That's it. Yeah. I mean I think it's an auction. So there's still time to go. 13 days to go. That's A tying. His Heisman would be pretty sick. That is a steal. That would be pretty fucking Sick. You wanna do it? Well, let's see. Let's someone, someone please keep a counter 12 days from now. Let us know.


Pretty much depends on how I do in March matters. Hey, can you do that? Can you actually do it on like the, the bunk list, which you didn't do. Bunk list is, is hot and heavy. Oh, he is. Got golf bags. That'd be sick That now that you having o j's golf bags. Yeah. Would be pretty sick. Yeah, I'm, I'm in on that. Alright. Yeah. Let's, let's get, there's 13 days left in the auction, so we, we'll have to revisit. So what, March 26th, 25th. I know, dude. You do the maths. You got the calendar in front of you. What website is the OD auction on? Is it on enter slash slash slash slash oh 13 Escape? No, it's actually the guy Golden auction. Yeah, we head in. Yeah. Oh, I got it.


I got the joke. That's an old school, one Old school throw back slash Slash is what Max? I don't, I don't get, I didn't get it. Slash slash life. His his email address is enter slash slash slash back slash escape. The P ft literally just dropped. Like it was actually, I remember, I think I even remember my dad saying that joke in like 1996. I still, I still don't get it Slash like a knife. Oh, Enter slash slash slash back slash escape. Got it. Got it. Yes. Got it. And it was, it was like one of the premier dad jokes when the internet came along and they're like, how can we make the OJ internet? It was a big one back in the day Because it like o the internet was new too.


Yeah. So it was like combining two very current things. Jay Leno got paid probably $40 million just for those jokes That Monica Lewinsky. Yeah. Oh, he is got his, his student id. That's a revelle. Revelle's gotta be all over this. Yeah, that's the problem is like, if we get something, we just have to understand that Revelle is gonna have his pause on one of these things. Yeah, yeah. Also, it's kind of fucked up to just be like, I have O J's golf bag, but also kind of a statement piece. Ran For 2000 yards in what? 14 games. Peter King has him in the hall of fame. Y yep. Yeah. Alright. My who's back of the week? I have two baseball's back Cub's opening day Tuesday morning in Japan against the Dodgers.


I hate that so much. Did you See the camera angle? No. Yeah. Show Me the camera angle. It's sick. I'm gonna be live streaming with, with Eddie Chief and White Sox, Dave and Titus at five 10 in the morning. So this camera angle it, it looks like it's a video game. Don't laugh at me, Hank. That's wild. What I mean there. It's first, first pitch of the Major League baseball season. Where's the camera angle Look up. We gotta send Max. Actually don't, we're gonna defend Max on this one. Twitter's search is so bad now. You can't find anything. Max memes Just tells me to look up stuff that we aren't talking about Max. Well, all The time. Are you listening yourself? I am but he just keeps saying, look this up. Look this up. He's like, look up the Shin Tigers.


Why would you say that? Because I guess they shut out the Cubs. No, that was a, an association to what you're talking To Max. Look up Dan. Look up Dansby camera because there's a sick angle of Dansby Swanson Bar Cubs camera. Oh wait, that was fake. Was it? It looks fake. It's scary. This one. That was my point. This is Fake. Yeah, that's definitely fake. Yeah. It's a video game. Yeah. That, wait, that's, this is what I saw. This Is is another camera angle. Fake. So we all scrolled past that and thought maybe it's real. This Is so fake. It's very fake. Yes. This was, this was like MLB the show. That's the Show that's insanely fake. Yeah. That's the show. Did you think that was I scrolled past it very fast on my phone and I thought that's what he was talking about with the camera angle.


Got it. I I think it's real. That's, Hey, look at the look to the left of You. Look at the tv. Hank Look to the left of you. You think it's real Hank That is MLP the show. That's so fake. Hank. It looks fake. Yeah, you just said it looks real, But it's so high tech. I think, I don't know. I don't know. Hank, Hank. There's no way that you think this is real. Why Would Bartell Sports Maine tweeted that it was real? Because They Got caught. Look at it. I understand that. That's, that's why I brought the point up is because if this was real, it's scary how weird it looks. And if it's not real, then I'm happy because society's all right, Good. You're happy.


By the way, I found a new, it Was a talking point. I'm happy I brought it up. Yeah, we got to the bottom of it. Maybe I Found a new kind of guy online on Friday. It's very rare that you find a new guy, but there's been like a conspiracy out there for a while. That sunscreen is actually what gives you cancer. Not the raise from the sun. Oh, this is good. But that's, that. That's been out there for a long time. Being account Tweeted it. What? So it's real. Alright, this person says look at the M lbs pin tweet. Actual. Okay. This says it's actual footage from a different angle fed into ai, which then creates the highlight. Okay. So it is fake. So it's like that really happened. But then they make this angle via ai.


This is also my source is Rob J oh eight. And it has four likes on Twitter Also. X.com be, everything happens all happening on That. So MLB main account said we can't get over this ridiculous replay from the Tokyo Dome. So What they're doing is they're taking real highlights and then they're making it look more like video games so that kids will watch the highlights. It Is hurting my Brain. That sucks. That's why I brought it up. It's crazy. It is a talking point. Okay. My other who's back is but Wait, wait, I, I didn't tell you about the new guy. Oh yeah, guy. New guy. So the, the sunscreen truth was they've been out there for a while. Then I found guys Briggs that think that actually this is a different sun that was Oh, that we, we switched the sun out like 40 years ago and it's the new son and it's Worse And it's worse for you.


I have so many questions though. One, where did we make the new son? What did we do with the old son? What year did we switch it out? Oh. And how is that person able to get through life without dying every single day getting hit by a car? This Is good. So I gotta, I gotta do some more research on the new Sun guys. Good conspiracy Theory. Yeah, it's very good. I had one the other day that actually I completely believe that Chernobyl was on purpose. Okay. Yeah. For what reason? Everyone was doing nuclear power plants and Russia has a shitload of oil and gas and so they're like, Hey, let's blow up a nuclear PowerPoint plant and scare the fuck outta everyone about nuclear energy.


Ooh, I Like that. And everyone stopped doing nuclear energy or inside job. Maybe we sabotaged it to fuck with Russia. But that wouldn't make sense for us because then we have to buy their gas. Yeah, That's true. Yeah. But that's just, I like that one. That one was just cut and dry. I just saw one tweet and I was like, yep, I'm in. Alright. My other, who's back is Aaron Rogers playing games because Aaron Rogers is, apparently the Giants and the Steelers are sitting and waiting for Aaron Rogers to decide if he wants to be in Minnesota Viking. And I don't know if the Vikings are also, I don't know what the Vikings are. If they're waiting for Aaron Rogers or they're like, Hey, we haven't offered you anything. I think the Vikings want 'em.


I don't think that the Vikings love jj. Why wouldn't they love jj? I don't know. They drafted him. But it seems, it seems weird that they're waiting for Aaron Rogers to make his decision If they were really that convinced that JJ was their guy. Right. I I I read it as the Vikings. Yeah. I get, I don't know. I don't know what's gonna end up happening. Oh. So it is a real highlight. It's it's a real highlight. Hmm. With ai, it's apologize. Like the footage is ai apologize. No, it's, it's a real highlight that they were like, if this looked like video games, then kids would like watching it. So let's just turn the real highlight into a video game. Apologize. The angle is ai. The footage is Real.


That angle is, what does that mean? Look at it. That is not like a I've seen it. Look at the difference between the two video. Yeah. And where Would be, there's no, there's no camera behind Dan V Swanson. Look, look at his jersey. It's like pic. There's no camera behind Dan v Swanson. It lags the j like the middle of his torso lags. It Could just be a super wide lens. Super long lens. Yeah. It could be A super long lens. Look At his belt. Look at his belt when he does this little action. Well There it's a grainy video. Like the, the Yeah. No glitches. It's AI glitches. It glitched tank. It glitched. Come on. That's the play on top. It's the Same play. No, it's the same play but it's not, that's not a real camera that shot that. Correct. The big camera that's over top of everything.


It sees all the movement and then it feeds it into a little processor and it's like, here the, the idiots like Hank out there will like this highlight more if it looks like we're playing the show. Well And when MLB the main account posts this and it doesn't have the little AI tag or anything and it just says, I can't believe this replay. Why would I not believe that? It's a real replay. I'm very sad for the future of our society. Yeah. Well this whole conversation has made us all dumber. Aaron Rodgers. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what the Vikings are gonna do. I, I feel And they have a good offensive line. They made some good moves in the free agency. I feel Like he'd be good on the Steelers. Steelers would be funny. Yeah.


Loves Mike Tomlin. Let's make the Steelers happen. Where do you want him to go? Memes. I would like the Giants 'cause I predicted that but the Vikings for the Brett Vav. Yeah. Storyline. That's memes for you. And that means the jets are going to the A FFC championship. Oh, okay. Got it. Good Point. Good point. Okay, let's, Hank is still looking at this highlight. Are you okay Hank? Yeah. I'm trying to get some, some proof that it's not real but you guys are just, You got what? Oh nevermind. Okay, let's get to John Rothstein. After John Rothstein we say goodbye to Oldie.


For now he was, he was watching us all weekend And we do numbers with him.


John Rothstein is brought to you by our forensic Experian Madness In March is good madness and credit is bad. To take control of your credit and finances, make sure you pick the Experian app. Experian could be your financial Cinderella with tons of free tools at your fingertips to help you take control of your financial life. The amount of free tools you get with Experian could fill a bracket with things like, I don't know your free FIO score. You could boost your FICO score instantly free with Experian. Boost free credit monitoring with alerts to keep you in the know on changes to your profile. Free access to a marketplace of credit card loan and auto insurance options all matched to you. Freeze your credit file for free, helping protect you against identity theft. Make sure you're ready for your one shining moment with Experian. Go to the app store and download the free Experian app now. Results will vary. See app For details, go to the app store and download the free Experian app.


Now


we're also brought to you by our friends at proper 12. You've heard of the Irish exit. You slide out the bar or the party without saying goodbye to anyone slipping away quietly. This St. Patrick's Day proper 12 is celebrating a new trend. The Irish entrance. The Irish entrance is what happens when you show up and bring the energy with great vibes in a bottle of proper number 12 Irish whiskey. The party starts with the Irish entrance and it simply wouldn't be a proper Irish entrance without proper 12. The original rich and smooth proper number 12 Irish whiskey is delicious. Blend of golden grain and single malt triple distilled and aged four years in bourbon barrels because anything else just wouldn't be proper. It's great. Straight on the rocks or in your favorite whiskey cocktail, make your Irish entrance this St. Patrick's Day with proper number 12 Irish whiskey. Make your Irish entrance this St. Patrick's with proper number 12 Irish whiskey. We love proper number 12. I saw Max was drink some proper number 12 on Saturday. I think Hank was as well. Proper number 12 Irish whiskey. The absolute best.


Okay, here he is, John Rothstein. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. It is John Rothstein. He is our good friend. You can see him on CBS. He's got a new podcast coming out with CBS, which will be his exclusive podcast home moving forward. John, we got our bracket. What's your schedule this week? You got a probably crazy schedule. What's going on? Yeah. Where are we gonna see you? Crazy schedule Mama with you guys tonight, which is awesome. It's your tradition unlike any other. I'm gonna fly out to Ohio in the morning. I'll be doing the first four games with Spiro, Adidas and Jim Spinco on Tuesday and Wednesday. I think from the, the big games in the first four.


It's the best First four in the history of the first four. Ooh. With Carolina, San Diego State and Xavier against Texas. And then we are going to go after we do Wednesday's broadcast up to Cleveland and we're gonna do those games. So that's Michigan State against Bryant, New Mexico against Marquette. That's a great matchup between Donovan Dent and Cam Jones of two great guards. And then we're also gonna do Alabama, Robert Morris and St. Mary's Vanderbilt. So pumped to be in the great state of Ohio here coming up this week. So it's interesting you said that. I like the promo. It's maybe the best first four in the history, the long vaunted history of the first four. We got UNC in there and John just, just put a couple days ago. Yep. You were, you were passionately making your declaration that UNC would not be in the first four.


Yep. What, what happened? What's going on with it? 'cause I know that you talked to Bubba Cunningham, the ad from from UNC. So what happened, this Is one of the biggest miscarriage of justices that I have seen in all my years covering college basketball. And when you think right now about what the criteria is to get teams into the NCAA tournament, at the end of the day, what is always going to usurp everything is who did you play, where did you play 'em? And did you win? North Carolina was one and 12 against quad one opponents. That is just a fact of life. And then when you look at some of the teams that were left out of the bracket, the two that I'm looking at specifically is West Virginia and Indiana. And remember with North Carolina's resume, Carolina also had a quad three defeat on its resume, which Indiana, who was left out of the tournament in favor of North Carolina did not have.


And if you're looking at big wins right now, North Carolina had won against the field. It had the win against UCLA in the CBS Sports Classic. Let's look, go. What Indiana had, and again, remember the Hoosiers had no quad three and four losses. Indiana won a road game at Michigan State in East Lansing, who is a two seed right now. Okay? In the south region, which I've named the region of depth because of the depth that exists with the Spartans, Auburn, Texas a and m and other programs in that region. And Indiana also beat Purdue at home. I don't understand how Carolina can get in over Indiana if Indiana won a game at Michigan State and beat Purdue and doesn't have a quad three or four loss and Carolina does.


But what about West Virginia? The miscarriage of justice continues. West Virginia went to Allen Fieldhouse and beat Kansas, West Virginia, beat Iowa State at home with three seed and West Virginia on a neutral court beat Arizona State and beat Gonzaga. This is one of the biggest miscarriage of justices that I have seen in nearly 20 years covering college basketball on the national level. Now, I will say this because North Carolina does not deserve to be in the NCAA tournament that has no bearing on what the guitar heels can do when they get into the NCAA tournament. And I'll give you a perfect example. 14 years ago, I did not believe that VCU deserved to be into the NCAA tournament.


VCU then started in the first four and went all the way to the final four under Chaka Smart and VCU in the regular season that year averaged 8.3, made three point shots a game and then made 12 in the NCAA tournament. So what Carolina does moving forward has no bearing on whether or not the tar heels deserve to be in the field. But my heart breaks for West Virginia, it breaks for Indiana that North Carolina got this opportunity instead of them. So You talked to Bubba Cunning the ad from UNC. What was his exp What? What did he say? Was he just like, Hey, wasn't my call, did he try to defend it? He was very, very clear that he was not involved in obviously what was going on in the room when North Carolina was brought up.


But you guys know this as well as I do. It always helps to help out your friends. And when you're in a situation like this where the committee chair is from North Carolina, it's obviously going to influence the other committee members. Now I understand he can leave the premises when a resume of the Tar heels is going to be brought to the table. But I'm sorry. This again is the biggest miscarriage of justice that I've seen in nearly 20 years covering college basketball at the national level. My heart breaks for Darren DeVries in West Virginia. My heart breaks for Indiana and its fan base. But again, North Carolina is going to get an opportunity here in the first four to do some major things in this bracket if it can beat San Diego State coming up here on Tuesday night.


All right, so I, I agree with everything you said. It's crazy. UNC got in relationships matter. B Cunningham can leave the room when he comes back in the room. Those are the people he's been sitting with all weekend. Yes, that's, that has a effect. Whether you wanna say it's subconscious, that's fine, but it has an effect. I also don't understand the, they're, it feels like this bracket is just littered with some weird decisions. Gonzaga is the top 10 team in Ken Palm. They're an eight seed and they, and they're going up against, what is it, Houston in the second round? Yeah. If they win their first round game, Auburn, who's the number one overall seed, if Louisville wins their set first round game, Auburn has to play a road game in their second Yes.


Game as the number one overall seed. Michigan was the, was a five seat, I think they got Miss seeded. You had VCU is is probably not an 11 seat. Probably should have been higher than that, right? Like it's all over the map where it feels like they just pray and sprayed a lot of this stuff and it doesn't really make sense. You have Colorado State is a three and a half point favorite as a 12 seed over Memphis, the five seed. Yeah, it feels like in a lot of areas of the bracket, we did not have a compass and there was no rhyme or reason in a lot of things that were going on. I thought for certain that Gonzaga would've been better than an eight after it beat St. Mary's in Las Vegas last week in the WCC tournament.


But I'm with you, Kat. I think there's a lot of different things that really stood out here. Another thing that stood out to me, and I wasn't surprised about this, I felt with the way that the selection committee had treated the mountain west last year by putting two teams into the first foreign Dayton, that Boise State was vulnerable by not winning the automatic qualifier on Saturday. And that's what came to fruition. Xavier had a pristine resume in Quad three and four. And Xavier also, we have to remember, lost two games in December without Zach Fremantle in the lineup who was a 17 and seven guy at Yukon in overtime and also by a basket at home against Marquette.


As you guys know, as well as I do, And we had heard this when we spoke to Bubba Cunningham, I believe on Friday, player availability matters in the NCAA tournament when you're evaluating teams. If Xavier obviously is gonna have Zach Fremantle in the NCAA tournament, which it will, it's gonna be a much more formable team. I think that is one of the biggest reasons why the Musketeers are gonna hook up here with Texas in the first four on Wednesday. And I, you guys know, I've been doing the first four now for a number of years. We have never had brands like this in the big games in the first four in terms of, you know, games on back-to-back nights. North Carolina and San Diego State have appeared in two of the last three national title games. Xavier, Xavier and get this UD Arena is 47 miles away from the Cintas Center where Xavier plays its home games.


That's gonna be obviously a Xavier home game. And Texas has a lottery pick in Trey Johnson and it's Texas. Yeah. So I think, you know, the brands in this first four in terms of the marquee games are second to none. And I, and I've said this guys time and time again, you know, the three of us haven't really schmoozed about this, but I wanna put it out there right now. You guys know how I feel about NCAA tournament expansion. I've said for a long time that Jeff Goldblum said in the lost world in 1997 that taking dinosaurs off this island was the worst idea in the history of long said history of bad ideas. Expanding the tournament will be worse than that. But I do think this, I think if you're good enough to get an automatic qualifier to the NCAA tournament, you deserve to partake in the Thursday and Friday of the first week.


I think if we made that shift and moved all aqs to Thursday, Friday and then put the last eight at large teams in the first four, it would reward these programs again at the lower level and give them the NCAA tournament experience of Thursday, Friday and also spruce up the way we start the tournament with maybe four bigger games instead of two. I like That. I Agree. I think we were talking about expanding the tournament. We said don't expand it. It's, it's great the way that it is, but if you were, do it that way so you don't make the automatic qualifiers play playing games on a Tuesday or Wednesday. I I, I got a question for you, John, about the injury stuff. Yeah. TJ Berger announced after the bracket came out that Keyshawn Gilbert is out for Iowa State.


Does like, was that, that was just a smart move by him because do you think Iowa State would've had a different seed if that had been known to the committee going into selection? You know, Sunday because like I, they're Iowa State's playing, it's Very po It's very possible. Yeah, they're playing Milwaukee. Yeah. And like, and Wisconsin has to go all the way out to Denver. Right. You know, it, it's very possible that we could have flip flopped Iowa State and Wisconsin if that information was made privy to the committee before the selection went out. I remember it was 25 years ago now, Cincinnati had the best team in the country with Kenyon Martin in 2000. And Ken Martin broke his leg in the conference USA tournament that year in Cincinnati, which had been dominant all year long.


Number one team consensus in the country was dropped to the two line and it was ridiculous. And Bob Huggin said it at the time, but they were evaluating Cincinnati without Kenyon Martin who wound up being the number one player in the NBA draft. So I totally agree with you on that Kat. Okay, so let's get to the actual bracket. We got some other questions that we'll ask you after, but let's talk about the bracket. I know you always break it down, so I kinda wanna let you go whichever direction you want to go. Tell us what you've got and yeah, go, go off. We'll, we'll, we'll jump in where we wanna jump in, but this is, this is our favorite part of selection Sunday. Alright guys, well let's start right now on the top left of your bracket, which is the region of depth, the south region. Now why is it the region of depth?


I'm looking right now at these teams at the top Auburn, Michigan State, Texas a and m, really deep rotations on all of these teams. All of these teams can really go into their bench. That's why I like it to be the region of depth. I obviously got Auburn coming out of the top. I am going to take Creighton to beat Louisville at Ru Arena, the Ryan LK Brenner Factor. He's kind of like, and I haven't really watched a hockey game in probably 30 years, but wasn't Martin Brodo that famous goalie for the Devils in like the nineties? Yeah, he's kinda like the Martin Brodo of like, you know, the Big East. You know, he is kinda like the goalie because he is so good defensively. Then I am going to take Michigan to beat uc, San Diego, who's gonna be a trendy upset pick.


And here's an upset, I'm gonna take Yale under James Jones, a program that beat Auburn last year to pick off Texas a and m at a 13 four game in Denver. Remember Yale Beat Auburn last year beat Baylor in 2016. And then I think when you look at the next part of the bracket in this region of depth, this is Taylor made for Ole Miss. This is Taylor made for Chris Beard to really, really go on a run right here. I felt all season long that Ole Miss reminded me of some of the teams that Chris Beard had at Texas Tech. I've got Ole Miss beating the winner of San Diego State Carolina and then beating a vulnerable Iowa State team without Keyshawn Gilbert Ole Miss to the Sweet 16.


I'm gonna take Marquette to beat New Mexico and Michigan State to beat Marquette. So in the sweet 16 here I'm gonna give you Auburn against Michigan and I've got Ole Miss against Michigan State. I've got Auburn against then Michigan State in a regional final Atlanta. And I've got Tom Izzo getting back to the final four. Ooh, Okay. I like it. Yeah, I like that a lot too. I like it. So you, you think that Yale's coach is the most underrated coach in America, right? I think he's the most underrated coach in America. It amazes me that James Jones has not gotten a bigger job. He has won the Ivy League multiple times in the last couple years, as I mentioned, won a game against Auburn last year in the NCAA tournament, won a game against Baylor in 2016. But I think, you know, we could see this, you know, Yale team be a factor.


But guys, here's the interesting thing. When you look at the amazing job that Yale has done, only lost one game this year, you know, in the Ivy League. When you think about Yale and you think about the dynamic right now for this team that again is going into the NCAA tournament as a trendy, trendy, upset pick potentially Yale is in a scenario okay, where it lost Danny Wolfe to Michigan and it lost Matt Nolan to USC and it is still in the scenario that it's in right now where it made the NCAA tournament. That is a credit to the head coach. A couple of names you want to keep your eye out for for Yale right now as you're getting ready to think about the NCAA tournament against Texas a and m.


Nick Townsend to obviously a very, very burly forward inside, he's gonna have to hold his own on the glass. And then John Qui is a dynamite, dynamite lefty shooter can come off screens. He had 25 against Cornell in the title game. And also Bez Ang along with Casey Simmons, Kat, you might remember him from the Big 10, started his career at Northwestern before he transferred to New Haven. Okay. And then you got Tom Izzo over Bruce Pearl to get to the final four there. What's, what's your thought about Auburn right now? Because they were dominant all year long and then at the end they kind of stumbled a little bit. You could write that off. Some people were like, yeah, it's, the tournament doesn't really count. Conference tournaments Not a big deal. Yeah, No, I think PPFD, what it does is it reiterates to me that we don't have a dominant team this year in college basketball.


And what I mean by that is, you know, last year Yukon was so removed from the pack because it was a two year run that we may never see again in our lifetimes in terms of the level of dominance. 12 NCAA tournament wins by an average of 21.7 points per game. But we do not have a team this year like Yukon. We do not have a figure this year. Like Zach Edie at Purdue last year, the only player since Ralph Sampson in the, in the 1980s to win obviously National Player of the Year Awards in back to back season. So I think Auburn's a little bit vulnerable right now. I do think it's a big advantage for the Tigers to be playing in Atlanta, which isn't that far from the Auburn campus potentially in the Sweet 16.


But if Louisville does beat Creighton in the first round, Auburn will have a pseudo road game there at Rina, which is something to monitor. Yeah. Okay, let's go west where Florida's the one seed. Florida's playing probably the best ball of anyone right now of what they did in the SEC tournament was incredible. What are we calling the West? This is the region of prestige because four coaches in this region, Dan Hurley, Rick Pitino, John Calipari and Bill Selp have won national titles. Also Florida, the one seed in this region has won multiple national titles in the last 20 years. So there's brand name power in this region.


I got Florida or for Norfolk State, I got Yukon over Oklahoma. Both coaches in that game, Dan Hurley and Porter Moser have been in a situation where they've coached in the final four in the last decade. Dan Hurley's won two national titles. I'm taking Nick Clifford in Colorado State over Memphis, Maryland over Grand Canyon, Drake started from the bottom. Now they're here, in my opinion, Has has for all intents and purposes an interesting road here and, and I'm gonna tell you why. You got Missouri and you got Ben McCollum who's really looking like, you know, a bit of a wizard at Drake. It wouldn't shock me if next year he's coaching somewhere in the Big 10.


He's got a 31 team with four D two transfers. One of 'em, Mitch Miscarry has made 86 3 point shots this year. If Drake beats Missouri, Drake gets a vulnerable Texas Tech team in the round of 32. Now why are they vulnerable? Grant McCaslin told me earlier on Sunday night that he expects Chance McMillan and Darien Williams to play in the first round against UNC Wilmington. But with that said, those players didn't play in Texas Tech's last Big 12 tournament game due to injuries. So Texas Tech's a little bit banged up. I think Drake is a team with Ben McCullum. If it can get by Missouri, that could maybe flirt with a chance to go to the Sweet 16.


And then how about the lower part of that region? Yeah, in Providence, Kansas and Arkansas, Cali Perry against self. Two coaches that coached against each other in the title game in 2012. And then St. John's takes on Omaha. Now look, you guys understand media as well as anybody. I work for CBSI know how much the program executives love to match up certain games on Saturday nights and going to 60 Minutes. And look, whoever St. John's plays on Saturday night's gonna be crazy. Can you imagine if we get Cali Perry and Patino on Saturday night? And look, Cali Patino itself would be great. It would be an incredible matchup of Hall of Fame coaches. But if it's Cali Perry and Patino, it would become again, appointment television.


And it would be the third time that these guys have met in the NCAA tournament, I believe. Yeah, since 2012. And remember they also met in the 1996 Final Four. Now I've talked to Rick Pitino about this and I did an interview with him when he was at Iona and he made a joke about it, but I think he was telling the truth. He said one of the reasons why he came back to college was to get John Gallari off his resume. 'cause if you think about it, these coaches each took three different schools to a final four. So that's another thing that is lying here in the weeds right now. Rick Pitino is trying to get a fourth school to a Final Four, but he might have to go through John Calipari to do it.


It's gonna be Calipari herself as long as St. John's gets by Omaha. So I have Florida, Yukon, Colorado State, Maryland, Drake, Texas Tech, and then I'm gonna go Arkansas, St. John's. I've got St. John's against Drake in the Sweet 16. Ooh. And I've got Florida against Maryland in the region of Prestige. I'm going Florida over St. John's in a regional final. So on the left side of the bracket, I've got Michigan State against Florida. And ironically enough, you know, I love good nuggets. Guys, that would be a rematch of the 2000 national title game that Michigan State won. 89 76 in Indianapolis. There We go. All right, that's good. That's some good stuff. Okay, We'll get back to John in a second.


He is brought to you by Morgan and Morgan. There's a reason why coffee's the first thing that people reach for in the morning. Just like there's a reason why Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. For over 35 years, Morgan and Morgan has been fighting for the people just like you and I. They have over a hundred offices and more than a thousand lawyers nationwide when hiring Morgan and Morgan. It's like hiring an army that has your back. If you're injured by the negligence of another, you deserve to be paid. When you hire the wrong law firm, you may be beat before you start. All law firms are not the same. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound 5 2 9 from your cell.


And now here's more. John Rothstein. What about in the East where we have Duke? Who Duke is? I I said it before you came on. I think Duke's winning the whole thing. I I, they're just, they're, they're so good. And even without Cooper flag in the a c tournament, they showed how good they are. I think he's gonna be fine. He'll come back and they're gonna roll through everyone. Yeah. You know guys, it's amazing and I think it speaks obviously how talented Duke is, but it also speaks to the state of the A CC right now. Duke was able to win the a CC tournament and be Carolina in Louisville in back to back days without Cooper Flag and also without Malik Brown, who, you know, Duke's staff feels this way.


And I know from being, you know, on Duke's campus in the preseason, he's like Emil Jefferson was 10 years ago. Not to bring up bad memories there, Kat. Yeah, but I mean you, you know what I'm saying? In terms of a versatile defender, that can be a factor defensively in that rotation. Those two players don't play. And all of a sudden we have a scenario where Duke is still beating Louisville, who is the second best team this year other than Clemson in the a CC in North Carolina. That is not obviously a great, obviously ringing endorsement for the A CC, but for Duke it speaks to their talent level. I've got Duke playing Mississippi State. I've got Oregon. Arizona, which to me could be one of the best games in the round of 32. These former PAC 12 rivals hooking up. Yep. Then I'm gonna take VCU to beat BYU to hook up with Wisconsin, the most aesthetically pleasing Wisconsin team of our lifetime.


Thank you. And then I'm gonna be in Cleveland for these games. So I'm pump pumped about this. I'm taking St. Mary's to beat Vanderbilt. I'm taking Alabama to beat Robert Morris. I've got Duke, Oregon, Wisconsin to the Sweet 16 to take on Alabama. And then I am going to take in a rematch of the 2015 national title Baby Duke, Like over Wisconsin in Newark to go to the final four. That's the region of Firepower because Duke, Alabama, Wisconsin, Arizona, Oregon, obviously explosive teams offensively so much offense in that region. Yeah. So you Got VCU over BYU, it sounds like you're not a BYU lever.


Mm. Did You just come up? I'm not, I did, I just came up with that. Have you heard That before? Used that before. If you wanna use that. Yeah, use that one. I-I-I-I-I like, I like BYU. I think Kevin Young's done an incredible job and I think they got great pieces. But look, it's not fun if you don't roll the dice places in your bracket. Facts, the NCAA tournament isn't fun. So I'm looking right now at the B-Y-U-V-C-U matchup and I know that, you know, we have seen a scenario where BYU has, you know, played great basketball the last couple weeks and it wouldn't shock me if BYU wins a couple games, but I'm looking at this. VCU is no 11 seed. And if there was one thing that I would say right now, the non-power conference teams in this bracket in a lot of places won their respective conference tournaments after having a high volume of wins during the regular season VCU with Max Juga, Zed Jackson, Joe Basile, all these guys.


Okay. Philip Russell as well has the deepest perimeter in the Atlantic 10 since Dan Hurley's last team at Rhode Island had Fatz Russell, Jeff Dalton, Stan Robinson, JT Terrell, EC Matthews, and Jarvis Garrett. That team, you have to remember, beat Trey Young in Oklahoma in the NCAA tournament and lost to Marvin Bagley in Duke in 2018. This VCU team is for real. And also another player on VCU. Jack Clark was a part of the Clemson team last year that went to the Elite eight and lost to Alabama. VCU is the best VCU team since we saw BTE Weber and company lose to Steven F. Austin in 2014.


John, when you, when you're rattling off all these names from old teams, do you ever just think about making up a name and tossing it in there? See if you get called on it, Ooh, I would do that if I were you. It's an interesting proposition. It never crossed my mind. I just go to the internal hard drive and I just keep it moving. Just like if you're thinking of an A 10 team from 2006, just tossing the name, I don't know, like Tommy Span knotty. Oh yeah. Time spend naughty. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Three point, like all time. Three point guy, not much off the dribble but catch and shoot all day long. You know me though, PFT and you're America's drinking buddy for a reason. I pride myself on being as accurate and as thorough as possible. So I feel like I'd be shortchanging the beat if I did that. That is True. So that's fair. I, I have a question for you because you are plugged in John, and that's not a robot comment.


You're plugged in. You talked to a lot of people, grant Nelson from Alabama. Yeah. What, what are we hearing about him? Because I think Alabama's a good team. You know, I, I would still take them in the first two games without Grant Nelson, but after that it's probably gonna be a problem. What are you hearing about his, it's his knee right? Yeah. I have an update for you. I had a bunch of injury updates e earlier, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna just read you exactly what I tweeted and NATO's texted me this, oh in the early afternoon. But I want to give you guys the full reports. I have a couple of injury updates of substance for the NCAA tournaments. So you guys just let know what you want. Yeah, so Grant Nelson's gonna see a knee specialist on Monday to determine his status moving forward. He obviously suffered the injury so that evaluation's gonna happen on Monday.


And then you know, as I told you, like Alabama plays Robert Morris in Cleveland, that's one to monitor some other stuff from Sunday. And this is big for the first four. Brian Dutcher told me that Magoon Gu, the mountain West freshman and defensive player of the year is gonna be available for the NCAA tournament. So in the first four Tuesday night, Magoon Gu will be available to play against North Carolina. He hasn't played since February 22nd. That's a big boost for San Diego State. Mark Pope also told me earlier on Sunday morning that Lamont Butler will be available for Kentucky's first NCAA tournament game. He's been dealing with his shoulder and John Calipari has told me that Adu Theo is doubtful for the Kansas game due to the knee injury he has been dealing with.


He hasn't played since February 22nd. But Boogie Flan who we thought was out for the season, came back on Sunday to practice, went through practice, had no missteps. He should be fine. I was referencing the Missouri Drake game. According to a school spokesman, Mark Mitchell from Missouri is expected to be fully available for that basketball game against Drake in the round of 64. A note from Scott Drew, Langston Love is expected to be available against Mississippi State in the east region. He averages just over eight points per game. Another nugget for a number one seed. Kelvin Sampson told me that J Jwan Roberts dude who did not play at the end of the Big 12 tournament due an ankle injury. There's, they're obviously veteran leader is receiving treatment.


He'll be reevaluated on Monday in terms of his status for the Cougar's first game, which just make, just wanna make sure I don't leave anything out there, but these are all great. Those are the bullet points as of now. Right fellas? John, do you have every single head coach's number? Yeah. Yes. Wow. Most powerful phone on the East Coast. Like Every single one. Every every single one I believe. I mean, I do, what I do is I kinda like when I get back from the final four, like you use April to detox a little bit and then you just, you spend some time over the summer just making sure your Rolodex is on point and everything is on point and then, you know, you just go, you just, you know, you, you make sure you're locked in. Yeah. How often do you text these guys? I would say probably, lemme think.


I mean, I think it's, it's pretty, I have daily communication so it's like I, I would say with every staff there's daily communication. It might just be for an injury update. It might be like, what is the key to this game on game days? I like to follow up if a team, 'cause if I'm in the studio, I like to have obviously, you know, nuggets on what they think keys to the game are, or trends to watch. Because when you're trying to cover everything you wanna, I always try to, as somebody who's a non-player coach, get the insight of the player of, you know, the, the teams that I'm covering from their perspective. So it's constant communication. And in the off season it's constant communication as well because there's a thing to cover during the off season. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. 'cause I mean, I read the article in the New York Times, it was great that said that the Stein text an inside joke in the industry. Now I feel like they're being disrespectful to you with that.


No, I mean, look, I mean, you guys know me now for a number of years. I mean, I don't make any bones about this. You know, I did not have any connections in this inju in this industry. You know, I have no inheritance, so I don't have any other choice but to work as hard as I can each and every single day to be as thorough as I can to do the best job I can. And I'm never going to relent on that. It's never going to happen. I'm never gonna stop. Yeah. The the world meets nobody halfway and you know that because you told me that you thought over the top was an underrated movie by Stallone. That Is, that's facts. Yeah, no, you, you are, I I love the article because I, there was some things I didn't even know like that you basically bought time on a radio station Yes. That had no one listening to it just to get reps.


Yes. It really an awesome story of how to work your way up through the industry. And the other nugget I had from it was, you get your haircut every Sunday. Every Sunday, yeah. At 10:00 AM That's End season. This a standing appointment and out season. Yes. Just if as long as I'm home, as long as I'm home. 10:00 AM every Sunday creature habit. So What do you do when you're, when you're on the road? On the road this week, because I'm leaving Monday and obviously I couldn't do it. Selection Sunday. I got a Thursday and I said, just go a little shorter on the sides. 'cause I'm not gonna be back in New York till a a week, you know, for a week from now. 'cause I'm going to Dayton and then we're going up to Cleveland and those first and second round games are Friday, Sunday.


But I want to tell you guys something, if I can backtrack a little bit. 'cause I know you guys obviously started out with humbled beginnings too. That experience of selling airtime was the most humbling experience that I've ever had in my life because at that time I was making like $13 an hour screening calls and doing reporting at ES, ESPN Radio, New York. I was cold calling for my friend's brother's mortgage company like Glen Gary, Glen Ross. That was like what I was living in just cold calling people outta the yellow pages. And I was like making $50 an article writing college basketball for different publications. So I knew though I needed like a demo to try and have an opportunity. So I would like walk up and down near Rochelle going into businesses, trying to buy airtime and nobody would buy anything.


And I remember talking to a guy in a car dealership, and this was like probably 20 years ago. And I said, well you, if I do a weekly show, you know, will you buy some airtime? And he goes, well it's Joe Tory, a weekly guest. And I didn't know who that was at the time. And then he was, and then he was like, he is like, well if Joe Torre's not a weekly guest, then I'm not doing it. Oh man. And it was that moment where I was just like, look, I'm not gonna become anything in his business unless I have calluses and I'm getting calluses right now. But that also brought me back to the over the top thing. You know, the world meets nobody half way. Yeah, No, it's very cool. And it's, it's a very cool story and I, I think people should go read it because it gives kind of a backstory of like, Hey John Rothstein has, has done it the hard way. You know, people don't, people need to respect that because it's very hard business to, to, to break into.


And you weren't a coach, you weren't a player. And to get into it is, is awesome. Well, Another thing too, and you guys know I have a passion for this, but you know, when 20, in my twenties when like people that I was close with in New York and friends like that were taking vacations and traveling, I went to a a u tournaments and networked. That's what I would do. Like I would sit with Dan Hurley when he was at Wagner and you know, bill a relationship. I would sit with Bill Self, I drove, once I remember to Virginia, there was this big tournament down there, boo Williams. And I drove, it was like seven hours each way. And I just went, I like made business cards at Kinko's and I just went and just networked and networked and network and you know, I feel like, you know, when that is your backbone every single day you owe it to yourself, but most of all, you owe it to your bosses who continue to give you these great assignments to give everybody ev the best you can every single day.


Now I do want to because we're, I feel like we're close. Share something personal with you. Two things personal. Okay. But I switched recently, I was kind of pressured. I had a little crisis. And I don't know if you noticed this when we were texting earlier, but it was probably, I have, I've had dreams, and I will admit this to you guys ly I've had dreams because like of how much my life revolves around my phone and I needed like the machine rolling. I've had dreams that I've been at a pool party and I jump and do like a cannonball and my phone's on me and it's like nightmares. And I wake up and I'm like, I didn't do that. So a couple of weeks ago, you guys know I've been a droid guy my entire life. Yep. Like there's like twice a year there's like, there's like something that happens where there's like an iOS upgrade and droid people can't text iPhones.


And like it was giving me a kanara, I started the Schitz. Like I didn't know what was going on. I couldn't communicate with people. And communication is so important. So my wife, you know, we have a child now who's 18 months, 18 months old, she couldn't get in touch with me and you start to flip out. So one day I just ripped the bandaid off and now I'm Team Blue Bubbles. Yeah. Oh, there we go. On, go. I'm adjusting to it. Yeah. I'm, I I'm adjusting to it. So that I thought was a life altering experience. The day after I switched to an iPhone, it was either day or week after. Yeah. And, and when they, the kids just talked about the Rothstein text, I bet they're happier to get the text now that it's a blue bubble Facts. That's what I'm saying. Yes. So, but then again, then get this, this was another thing that happened. So I, and you guys, you guys know how sometimes like I'll tweet in the spring, it's like in April or May.


Like I hate you Pollen. Yeah. I've tweeted that in the past. Last year I was having a bad deal with allergies, you know, I just said to myself, should I get allergy shots? And I went and investigated with my local allergist and they said, you can do 32 rounds of shots and you should be 80% immune. And I was like, I don't want to get back from the final four when everything's over and have to deal with allergies. I'm sick of dealing with allergies. So there's 32 rounds of shots to be done with it. So I get through 30 rounds of shots. Okay? This is like maybe two weeks ago. I go for my 31st shot. I get it. I think, you know, you go to the gym, get your allergy shot, come home, do your podcast, whatever. I start having this weird reaction like I'm Jack Nicholson and something's gotta give.


I'm sitting on a stoop and I'm sweating. I go back into the doctor's office, I start throwing up, they gimme me two shots of an EpiPen to calm me down. And I just remember like the, my life was flashing in front of my eyes. But I said, I remember I said to these people, I thought it was crazy. I said, if I'm gonna go, I'm not going before March. Yeah, Yeah. Smart. You can't. Yeah you can't. I can't. I said, I said, if you, if you want to take me, take me on April 10th. Yeah. Don't take me now. Yes. Yeah. We Die in May. So, so there was exactly, yeah. Dust. Another victim claimed by Dusty May. Yeah. Apollo. Correct. Exactly. Exactly. There was another part of the article that I loved and it, it talks about your wife and she said when it gets to March, he will literally walk around our place and repeat, This Is March.


This Is March. I'm like, I know it's March. Just say it in your head. How many times a day do you say This Is March to yourself? Probably 10 to 15. Especially when the TV's on and like you're just soaking everything in and you see close finishes, you see crazy upsets. I mean it's a part of the fabric of college basketball. It's definitely a big part of my life. And the thing that's so humbling is like a takeaway I've gotten from that article. And some of a, a very prominent media reporter reached out to me. He is like, I'd like to do, you know, a feature on your wife? She sounds a lot, lot more interesting than you do. I was like, yeah, I guess you don't care about the path obviously in the region of Firepower. Alright. Alright, back to back to the bracket Midwest. That was great.


John Midwest last one. Okay, this is the region of toughness. Okay. Think about guys, the coaches in the scowling that is, that is involved in this region. Kelvin Sampson, Houston, Rick Barnes, Tennessee, Mick Cron in UCLA, Brad Underwood at Illinois. This is a dynamite region. I've got Houston, I've got Gonzaga beat in Georgia. I've got McNee coached by Will Wade beating his alma mater Clemson in the 12 five. Remember Will Wade was a student manager at Clemson before he got into coaching. That's my 12 five. I got Purdue over High Point.


I've got Illinois over the Texas Xavier winner, Kentucky, UCLA and Tennessee. Then we're going bottom. I got Houston against Purdue and then I'm gonna take Illinois against Tennessee in the Sweet 16 and I'm gonna take Illinois against Houston in the Elite eight. And I got Houston going on the final four. So I got Houston against Duke on one side. Houston comes outta the region of toughness on the other side. I've got Michigan State and Florida and I got Houston finally breaking through under Kelvin Sampson and winning the national championship. Kelvin Sampson again, I've said it before, this is why Houston Basketball's nickname is No Mercy. He reminds me a lot of the sensei in Karate kid, John Crease, you know, with just, you know, remember when he said strike first?


Yes. Strike hard. No mercy sir. Yeah, that's what Kelvin Sampson reminds me of. He's like the Sam, he's a much, you know, kinder man than you know Martin Cove was in the Karate kid. But he has that same type of fierce kind of presence. Does that guy Win in Karate Kid? He doesn't win. And if you remember at the start of Karate kid too, he'd be his knuckles bleed 'cause he punches them through a car when he gets in that fight with Mr. Miyagi. Yeah that guy rocks. So yeah you mentioned Will Wade. We were actually just talking about Will Wade earlier today Will Wade any chance any, if you're Villanova, any chance you're picking up with the phone giving Will Wade a call. I Don't think Villanova is the school to give Will Wade a call? But I will say this, we have seen a number of big time coaches get second chances for off the court issues.


And there's many programs that are coached by them now in this NCAA tournament and those programs are thriving. Yeah. Bruce Beard at Ole Miss Rick Patino at St. John's. Bruce Pearl at Auburn, Kelvin Sampson at Houston. The school that hires Will Wade is going to be the school that falls next in that line. Yeah. Yeah. Think about this. Here's a couple of things on Will Wade. I was thinking about, I talked about it tonight on our show. Will Wade is the only coach in shock of smart to win an NCAA tournament game of ECU. Will Wade won the SEC regular season title at LSU and Will Wade, since he took the McNee job in two years is 57 and 10. I know that things were very sloppy at LSU but a lot of those things are legal right now.


Right. So the school that hires him is gonna be on upward trajectory moving forward. And then I'm gonna have to come up with a new tagline for him. Yeah, yeah. I mean all all this stuff that he got in trouble for is stuff that is actually legal and it's an advantage if your coach can do those things. Well right now they also have I think the best student manager of anybody. Yeah. That guy. Oh he's a star. Yeah. Amir Khan is a star. Yeah, He's awesome. Yeah. So good vibes from him. So you have Houston over Illinois, you had Illinois over Tennessee. Talk me through that one. You know, I did on Thanksgiving Day, you know CBS sports had a a than we have a Thanksgiving game game now after the NFL next year it's gonna be Arkansas and Duke and Chicago, which maybe you guys can go to, I dunno if you wanna do it on Thanksgiving, but it's a big time game in Chicago.


It is. So I did the game with Iron Eagle and Bill Raftery, you know, in Kansas City and I I, I saw Illinois up close and when, when everything is equal on a neutral court and Kat I know you know this 'cause you know the Big 10 so well Illinois has Final four talent when things are clicking with YaaS, with Visic, there's obviously great role players and ancillary pieces around those guys with Boswell will re, I talked to Brad Underwood last week. He loves the way Will Re has been playing, you know, the last couple of weeks. And this is the thing too, you gotta, like when you're looking at Illinois because of Eva's ability to stretch things from the five spot, it's very difficult.


And this is what killed Arkansas in that game on Thanksgiving. It's very difficult to play a traditional five man against them because they can extend the defense so much with Evisit. He reminds me a lot, this is a throwback comparison. He reminds me a lot of Ray Lare. Mm Ooh I like that Kansas So much. Ray Lare and Thomas la Visic. Yeah, no, Illinois is like I I was saying when we were, we were talking about the bracket before you came on, I wanna see Illinois, Kentucky because those two teams, when they're, when they hit their ceiling, it's incredible basketball. They have had floors that we've seen as well and it's been bad. But both those teams have insane firepower and I agree Illinois, they're very volatile.


But if it's good, it's great. It's good, it's great. And you bring up a great point because a potential Illinois Kentucky game in the round of 32 would be like a regional final. But guys, I've always felt that the round of 32 is the most intriguing round of the NCAA tournament because you are going to get, in some cases the dreamer having a chance to dream the dream for another week or you are going to get a massive showdown of powerful programs. Look, we could have in the region of toughness, you could have Houston, Gonzaga, Purdue, Clemson, Illinois, Kentucky or Texas or Xavier against Kentucky and then UCLA against Tennessee.


If we saw any one of those matchups in an Elite eight or a final four, probably take it. Yeah, Yeah, you're right. I mean just the Houston Gonzaga one is crazy. That could be a second round matchup. So can you give us some names of guys that, that we're going to want to get to know for March? Like guys that have the potential to take over this tournament and become household names. How deep do you want to go? Do you want power conference names? Do you want me to get really in the wes here, in the, in the weeds here. Let's start out with with just gimme like two names per bracket that you should keep going. Okay, let, let's go right up right now. To the top left, the region of depth, the Donovan Dent from New Mexico is one of the great point guards in college basketball. That is somebody you want to put on your radar for sure.


Ole Miss has a couple of players. Sean Padula a terrific veteran point guard to transferred from Virginia Tech also John Pita, I told you from Yale. We go down to the region of Prestige right now. A couple of guys again who are off the radar. I'm trying to come up with Bennett Sturtz at Drake who's kind of the maestro for them. Also Nick Clifford from Colorado State who has been part of this incredible surge by Colorado State. He has been elite playing like one of the top 15 or 20 players in the country over the last couple of weeks. I will also point out in the Yukon, Oklahoma game, Jeremiah fears the freshman point guard for Oklahoma, the brother of Michigan State's Germany Fears is a name to watch.


And then as we look right now in your top right, the region of Firepower, I'm gonna give you one for Mississippi State. Josh Hubbard, an electrifying guard. Yep. Plus Oregon. You've got Jackson Shead and Nate Biddle. Max Ood, VCU, Richie Saunders at BYU at St. Mary's. Augustus Lon is the least talked about back to back conference player of the year. We may have in history, he's won the award in the WCC in back-to-back seasons. Ryan Mhar, we know from Gonzaga for Georgia, a talented player, ACE Newell who's a good freshman. I'm trying to keep going down the Ryan Conwell at Xavier is like a poor man's Michael Red.


Hmm. He will be in the first four Wednesday night in the Xavier Texas game. And then I'm gonna say, I mean UCLA, I mean you can't, you don't really get in the weeds here too much, but I mean at UCLA, Eric Daley and Tyler Billiau I would say are two are two names there. Okay. Love it. Alright, well John, I got one last question for you. This has been awesome. We love having you on. Yep.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com, promo code take Rollback dot com promo code, take CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code. Take again, everyone tune in. John will be Tuesday and Wednesday and Dayton, then he, he's going up to Cleveland. We're gonna see him on the broadcast. Can't wait for it.


I saw you dropped a new rostering and I had a question about it. Yeah, the new one is Todd Golden is to Florida basketball. What Mark Zuckerberg was to Facebook in the social network. They both built monsters and, and Golden's looks like it can win the whole damn thing. You know, like you Mark Zuckerberg's a real person. Yes. Social network is his life. Right. I know, I know that. But in terms of like, Todd was always this guy and like I'll just, I talked about this with Bruce Pearl on our show tonight when Bruce Pearl first got the Auburn job, you know, I went down to a practice And we went out to eat after, and like Todd was this guy who wasn't even like an assistant coach on the staff, but everybody looked at him as like this prodigy.


And he had this incredible mind for basketball and he had these unique ways to evaluate and he was always kind of ahead of things with the analytics. And he used that, you know, he had that team at San Francisco a couple years ago that went to the tournament and you know, gotten that large bid and now he's doing incredible things to Florida. And guys, I wanna say this 'cause Todd Golden I had in my top five for National Coach of the Year, and this is not to disparage him at all as a coach, but obviously he's still so young. If Billy Donovan was coaching this Florida team with the way we're playing Florida would be universally viewed as the favorite to win the national championship. And it wouldn't be close. But Todd knows he's gotta prove it in the NCAA tournament. But Florida is ripping through college basketball right now, like a chainsaw through butter.


Okay. But I think Big Cat's point still stands though, which is Mark Zuckerberg is a, he's a person, he's a real person. Not like outside of the movie. The movie was about Mark Zuckerberg, but you can just say Mark Zuckerberg, mark, he's like Mark Zuckerberg. Okay, I appreciate the amendment. But you guys know part of like what gives me balance is when I get through the Final four and things are a little quieter. I love having like a Peroni and a Bowl of Tara and watching these old movies that I've watched 15 to 20 times, sometimes more. The social network is in that rotation. Okay. Yeah. But he is a real person. Yeah, He is a real person. We What about the Roth unionism I suggested, I know that you don't take, you don't take submissions for Rothsteins, but Danny Hurley drink and piss. That's a good one right there.


That's a really good one. Yeah. I don't know man. You said one a couple of years ago, like for Wake Forest, like run Forest run, like we had to kind of put that's put that in the delete files. You think that's good? Yeah, That's really good. Well, I mean it it fits in with your thing. It's like old movies. Rothstein ISS can't be forced. I know. That's The thing. I know, I know, I Know. They can't be forced. Okay. Well, I I do can't be forced. I have one last last question for you, John. Some people have accused you, you know, you're an insider. You, you work on the air, you're in media, but you never, you weren't a a coach, you weren't a player. Right. Some people are saying that you can't diagram a flare screen. Can you describe flare screen? Can you describe a flare screen to us? Sure. Well, let's just use Wisconsin as an example because that's obviously, you know, some common ground for us right here.


So a flare screen is this, let's say we have three players on the perimeter, let's say John Blackwell is on the point and on the two wings on the right wing is John Tanja. On the other side is Max Klem. If Blackwell throws the ball to the right wing, he is then gonna go to the left to kind of drift to the corner and Klem is gonna come and set a back screen on Blackwell's Man. And then Tanja would throw it over the top to John Blackwell and get him a shot. Now another thing is the guy who's the screener on that back screen is also a threat to roll to the basket and get an easy layup because the defense then might think that the play is going over the top to John Blackwell. So that's a, that's the flare screen. I Love it.


I Think that's, I love it. You got that exactly Right John, I I we, we we love having you on. And, and I, like I said, everyone go read the story because I, I can't say it enough like you love and breathe hoops and you are a great story in the fact that like the world is cynical. You just worked your ass off and got to this point and we're very happy for you. And this is the best time of year. Yeah. It's the best time of year. I appreciate you guys. This is something I look forward to every single year. And if I make it to Chicago this summer, I hope to see you guys. Yes. And also also, you know, you guys enjoy the tournament too because Kat, I'm telling you man, I don't know if it can happen, but Wisconsin has enough here to at least get to the second weekend.


I know you live and die with that team and they got the best off guard America. Yeah, I'm, I'm very excited for the tournament. I, I want, I want to try to have a run also. It sounds like I might have to invite you over to Thanksgiving. I mean, you might have to just come to my house for Thanksgiving. Well, I mean, if, if I, if I'm fortunate enough to get the assignment again, but I mean, but you know, me, I I have to, I focus on a game day, like when I have a game day assignment, like, it's like, you know, that's the only thing that matters. So I can't unwind until that happens. You don't have to unwind. You can literally just come over and eat. You don't have to talk to anyone. I'm totally fine with that. I don't like talking to anyone in my house on Thanksgiving. But then You and I, I could get into a little disagreement because I'm gonna want like feast week on the TV and you're gonna wanna watch the NFL. Listen, I Do you know how many TVs I have in my house, John?


How many TVs? I have like 18 TVs. There's not a room that doesn't have multiple TVs. I got you. Don't you worry. I love, I love I love you guys know I love New York more than anything. I, as you guys know, I used to watch Cocktail Wall Street, the secret of my success nonstop. But there is nothing like a great long weekend in Chicago. Especially in the summer. So come it's Italia tremendous it great portion sizes it Come do it. Let's get it. Let's live it up. Let's move It up. We, we were gonna take a long weekend with the baby last summer and like we didn't think she was ready for it, but maybe, maybe this summer she will be. We love that architecture tour too. That's big time. It's like Vince Vaughn in the breakup. Yeah, The boat tour's great. But you don't eat pizza when you're out here. I do. I will not waste calories on pizza outside of the eastern time zone.


Yes. Yes. We, we, we know that rule. Did you watch any football this year? We had a Super Bowl party and I was so tired from the weekend in college basketball. I like dozed off a little bit even though, you know, just because I couldn't take the game and my wife came over and said we have a an apartment full of people you can't sleep. And I said, you're right. We sleep in May. Yeah, There we go. There we go. Alright John, thanks so much. Can't wait to see you on the broadcast and hopefully you do come to Chicago sometime soon and we'll we will get some dinner. You got it. Love. You guys have a great tournament.


John Rothstein was brought to you by T-G-L-T-G-L presented by SoFi Golf's newest league in all new indoor arena style golf where high tech meets higher stakes meets primetime ESPN and the first round of playoffs are here Monday St. Patty's day. We've got number one LA against number four New York at 7:00 PM Eastern ESPN two and ESPN plus. And then on Tuesday we've got the second ranked team, the bay verse the third ranked Atlanta 7:00 PM Eastern ESPN and ESPN plus it's three V three match play Team golf that takes the competition of pro golf and places it inside an arena sports atmosphere. The regular season is over and the top four teams have clinched the playoffs. Number one LA against New York. And then number two, the bay against number three Atlanta Monday and Tuesday This week TGL Glory is on the line as each semi-final round will only consist of one match with the winners of the semi-finals facing off in a best of three exhibition to win it all. The semi-finals have some big players. Atlanta has Justin Thomas, Patrick Cantley, Billy Horschel, LA has Colin Morak, Ethal, Tommy Fleetwood, New York has Ricky Fowler, cam Young, Xander Schley and the Bay has Wyndham Clark, Shane Lowry and Ludvig. Aber I dare you to keep up with the rest of the TGL playoffs. Tune in tonight and tomorrow only on E-S-P-N-S-P-N two and ESPN plus search for and download the TGL app to keep up with all the matches through the matchup. Live realtime stats, live interviews, highlights and more. It's TGL presented by SoFi. Keep up it's golf.


John Rothstein was also brought to you by Reese's. Reese's is the goat. Reese's Peanut butter cups are the perfect combination of chocolate and peanut butter. You can buy Reese's cups basically anywhere. Feed your fandom. Reese's cups are the perfect compliment to the chaos of March. They're a drool worthy competition. Combination of chocolate and peanut butter to go wild for with its mouth water and combination of chocolate and peanut butter. Reese's peanut butter cups are a winning part of the game day experience the Reese's big cup with the, the caramel sauce inside. Oh my god. So good. They've done it again. Eat Reese's peanut butter cups. Feed your fandom.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. Oh, breaking news. We're actually cheating 'cause we already finished the whole show and we're adding this at the end of the show before we do numbers with oldie Breaking Moose. Hank Breaking Moose Jamar Chase t Higgins paid Whoa per by who? The Cincinnati Bengal. That's the important part. Yeah. So Jamar four years, 161 million, 112 million guaranteed. He's now the highest paid non quarterback in NFL history. Ah, he didn't give him seven days, he Got the crown and then T Higgins got four years, two years guaranteed worth up to 115 million.


I don't know what the guaranteed money is on that, but he is now the highest paid wide receiver too. Whoa. In NFL history, I am very happy for Bengals fans. I'm very happy for Joe Burrow. This is awesome because Bengals fans, I think were very nervous about this entire off season. Will the Bengals be cheap? What's gonna happen to the future of their franchise? Their offense? Those two guys are really fucking good at football and they're both still young, relatively young. And you have Joe Burrow and you basically are saying, you know yeah they gotta make some some right decisions on defense and and make some good picks. But they're always gonna be in the mix with those three guys.


Yeah. They're saying let's lean into what we do really well. Yeah. And that's offense. Our offense is fucking awesome. Let's just do more of that. And if You're a fan, that's exactly what you want. That's what you want. You don't want to have to revamp that whole thing. You don't want to also, you just don't want to piss off your quarterback. Right. And it seems like he's gonna be very happy with what you've done. It also probably means that Trey Hendrickson will definitely get traded. Yes. At some point, right? Yes. Yes, I would say so. But good for the Bengals. Good for Bengals fins. You basically guaranteed the next three to four years are gonna be fun. Yeah. I don't know if they're gonna win, but they're gonna be fun. Yeah, you're gonna be great to Watchers Have always been fun when those three guys are on the field, so good job. Thanks for the breaking moves, Hank. No problem. Good breaking moves Hank.


So do we know if that video is real or not? Hank have we gotten to the bottom of that? Just a tweet from MLB saying this tweet is not a video game. So Max saying it's a video game. You idiot. He's the idiot. I memory hold this whole conversation because Yeah, you don't like so depressed. This is from Quig. It's Well, I mean it's, it's it's, it might be the worst podcasting to, to have a extended debate about a video that people are listening. Can't see It's new segment. Is this motherfucker real When you're thinking about it? Right? Yeah. I mean, I didn't bring it back And we definitely can't, we definitely can't even put the video in. Oh, So it's not even good for The YouTube. No, it's not YouTube. So everyone's gonna have to go look For the video. I'm thinking about the fans. Hank, personally I'd be, I Yeah, I mean I didn't bring it up.


When We end this, when we end recording right now, we Did bring it up when we, no, not right now. When we, I brought it up this time when we end recording right now, just To get this conversation going again When we end recording, I am a hundred percent in on just hanging out with the boys and continuing this debate. Cool. Yeah. All right, so let's do that. So now the podcast listeners can, can be like finally. Well that's Not good for the listeners either. Now they're like, I wonder if they talked about something cool with the video. No, we're gonna just talk about the video. It's be worse whether it's real Or not. Nothing's gonna worse. We're gonna have a worse conversation than we did on the air. Alright, Let's kick into ourselves with oldie. Okay. Time for numbers. And we're gonna say goodbye to Oldie for now. Oldie, how was, how was your weekend watching hoops with us? It was four days of you just getting blitzed with college hoops.


Electric like fire. It was unbelievable from the second I showed up while the airplane was another story. But I mean, once I arrived it was, it was on, yeah, donkey Kong. We were ready to rumble in the jungle. Heaters good on Thursday. Heater on Friday, good Saturday good. And Sunday, you know, my number's four and it was my fourth day here and yep. Phenomenal. Oh, finished hard. Yeah, finished hard. Finished hard and hot. So you just kept on winning Basically. It's almost like, what's his name there? Piss and excellence. Right? Wake up in the morning. Piss excellence. Yeah. What'd you think about brackets? Dad is Sick. Yeah, so, so Sickening. Like so, so oldie had never seen a live bracket reveal. Like I've seen a bracket in Canada like, and once it comes out, but like 48, 72 hours after the fact, right?


By the time it gets up north. Yeah. But I mean to see it live, to see teams fired up, sitting, waiting. Is there a squad gonna be the squad and all of a sudden boom, it's their squad and everyone's fired up. Give, give us a couple. Cinderellas. Cinderellas. Well St. John's not a Cinderella. Nope. It used to be. I gotta go with my boys. I gotta, we gotta go back to Akron. Zips. Zips, okay. Unbelievable. Who else are we banging with on the west side region? I'm trying to remember. There's, there's so many teams it's trying hard to track. Yeah, it's a lot. I think it's like 300 and I dunno, 56 and just D one and then they got the other unranked schools that still make it, which is still incredible. Yeah, Florida.


Florida's a one. Come on. Oldie orange one. Yeah. Dodgers is not a Cinderella story. No, there's eight. They should be even higher for some reason. I don't understand. But they that appreciate that. That's all politics stuff that's behind The scenes We figured out. Out after. Yeah. Who else is out there Is Shanty, who was the one team there or Norfolk? Norfolk. Norfolk. Norfolk. Yeah. Okay. I like them. I watch them play a couple games, pretty Get a home game. I think they're playing Raleigh, right? Max is trying to find a bracket. They're doing a bad Job Bracket can't, all he's doing is looking up memes and tweets where it's like thought holding bracket. There we go. I got, I got it. I got, gimme me empty brack. He's giving me straight empty bracks and I'm just like, okay.


Final four from 20. I got you right now. Right here. He's got, we're back in, we're back in Oldie. What, what was your takeaway from just the, the gambling, you spent a lot of time with us. You saw a lot like the Rico Bosco experience. A lot of, lot of history. A lot of lot of inside jokes At At some points it's just like as I'm right now I get speechless at some point. It's crazy. Yeah. It's incredibly amazing. Guy knows every coach in America. The guy Literally knows every coach and if he doesn't know the coach, he's running straight goods practice facility. Yeah. If your guys can't get into a barn because it's so big, it's call Rico one shot, one dial, you got him. Boom. He's on it. Yeah. He won't even miss the call.


No, No. I mean he, I think to, I seen Rico Beat Wisconsin last year. Yeah. He got J Mu the practice facility. Yeah, he did. You might wanna also keep an eye on the electricity he's been punishing through. That phone is constantly charged. Oh it's The most powerful phone on the east coast. It's It is. That's a huge phone. I'm surprised you're not a secure like a, like a w one of those things that a beamer around it. Like Whomping kind of. I don't know what You're talking about, but I like that. Yeah. But It's just so powerful. It has like a raise off everything. You can't even come close to it. We try to touch you to get zapped. Yeah. Alright. So great trip oldie. We'll see you. We'll see you in the future. Yes. We, we we you'll maybe back for some hockey Playoffs. So a couple months from now or a month and a half from now.


But yeah, it's great having you around. You have great energy on the streams. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. It's live. Everyone's a beauty in there. Everyone's bumping and grinding. They got tickets going, winning tickets, losing tickets. It doesn't matter. Yeah. And if you're not even for that team, just be the team. Be the team if you're not for that team. Right. Be there like be The team. Yeah. No oldie bet on Florida today. And he a was, he was head to toe in balls gear. He was just like, I'm doing this for big T. Oh yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna ride with him. I rode with Big T, the whole choo choo train the whole way there. And about last seven minutes, I, I had a Florida ticket. Yeah, yeah. It connected though. It connected. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Run by the Vols. Great run. Good work. Good team atmosphere. But Gators chomped in through great Run.


Better bet. Yeah. Yeah. Way better. Way better bet than the run. Yeah. Also great job. I mean you just like, we would leave basically every day we'd come in, watch basketball all day. Leave at like 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock and then I'd wake up the next morning and Oldie was just everywhere in Chicago. He was hitting, he was hitting, he was doing BP at Sluggers last night at one in the morning, walking around Fulton Market. You had a great time. E everywhere. I was on the strip. I was here, I was there. I was here Friday. I wanna apologize though. I was late. I was the second in the office. Oh, who was here first? Luke. Oh yeah. And I knocked on the door and I, I, I was excited and I didn't see anyone. He goes, hold are you, what are you doing here? I said, back to the grind with the boys.


What do you mean am I doing here? Like it's got time to it's go time dude. Yeah. And he goes, well it's a good thing you met me and seen me here because I was just on my way to the office and you would've been done 'cause you don't have a card. Right. And I'm like, how would I have a card? Like I don't have a card yet. Yeah. So, and I was like, okay, no problem, no problem. And I go sorry for being late. And he goes, it's like nine, 14 or nine something On a Saturday. This is Saturday. Oh This is, yeah this is Saturday. This is Saturday. Yeah. No one was here till noon. But you are here at nine 14. And he's like, the show doesn't start till like 12 or one the stream. And I'm like, I don't care about the stream of the show right now. I'm here for the work. Let's go. Yeah. So I went and started filling up the waters, you know, cleaned it up and that was it. Bang baa boom, baa b we're back at it. Love it. And then everyone showed up. Thanks for coming too.


Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was. He was filling up the waters every single time I turned around so I appreciate that. Oldie and throwing out trash with PFT. Yeah that was, that was all time We were working on the El Camino. Yep. Out in the garage here. We hear a beeping noise. The garage door raises up, it's a dump truck backing in immediately. Oldie goes, hang on, I'll be right back. He runs over the dumpster, starts loading the truck up with trash. Yep. The guy gets out and oldie starts hitting the gears to work the back gate of the truck. And The Guy just looked at him and was like at first like, what the fuck? And then oldie was like, it's okay, I got this. And then he just da it up. Yeah. And it was all good from there. You were touching another man's truck and The guy Was cool with it. I ran the controls. I ran the controls. He tried to just come over and show me.


This is how you do it buddy. Take it easy. You got seniority pal. How many years you got in dude? I want to tell him. But he is a good guy. He is out there bumping and grinding with the boys. So you Gotta love that dude. Yeah you gotta love That. You can't hate it in the guy bumping and grinding working full force. And he is been out probably popping from five in the morning. Yeah. Running straight shift. It's a, It's a Friday long week for him. Oldie gave him a spell at the end of it. He appreciate the blow. Yeah. Yeah. Big time. Big time. We got, the car was fired up. How'd she run? Oh She runs great like it she, she got home safe and sound. It's no putter. Nothing crazy like that. No it's all good. I think this is gonna be a good year for the El Camino oldie. Oh. It's gonna be smooth once that sunshine come coming out. Luck out Highway one 90. Here we come. Nope. Nope. No highways can't take it on the highway anymore. No. You know what, that's right. Ran outta gas on the highway one Time's P Ts D from that now from my guy Pete.


Yeah. Can't do it. Can't do it. Not PI made, I made the entire city of Chicago late for work. Yeah. Can't do it again. Stay on those safe streets. Keep it real out there. Yep. Nice car. Let's get it. Alright, let's finish up. Numbers everyone. 3 33. Oh come on. Alright, go ahead. Memes. You get it? Nah, no memes. You have it. You have it? Nah. Alright take it. I'll take 84. 13 One. I gotta go. I already went my four banger. I hit the, hit the Nasher six one. I gotta go back to the roots. Stand up on the hang side. Six, nine. Oh Nice. Back to the roots.


99 Poke, P Jack, little 52, little boy Jack. 21 Little Jackie. Little Jackie Little. 54. 54. Love.