
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have a two for, for the people. We have our good friend Julian Edelman, and then we have Coach Bruce Arians in person. He stopped by the office today. Great time with him. We're gonna talk Thursday Night Football, the Jets being back. We're gonna talk about the Los Angeles Dodgers being World Series Champions as they clinched it on Wednesday night after the Yankees Epic meltdown. We have week nine Picks And Preview for every single game.


And then Fire Fest, maybe a little freaky Friday Fire Fest with some costumes if you're watching.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The rollercoaster for the NFL season is moving right along, and it promises to be a month full of tricks, treats, and of course, touchdowns and DraftKings sports book and official sports betting partner of the NFL is The number one place to bet touchdowns running it in from the one or an 80 yard bomb. We don't care how they score touchdowns. We want to bet on 'em. DraftKings heard us and is delivering Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score a touchdown, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app and Make your pick. Here's a reason for new customers to do a touchdown dance of their own bet. $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big with the Draftking Sportsbook The number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the Draftking Sports Book app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. We'll have our touchdown parlay coming up later on in the week. We're gonna, or later on the show. We're gonna hit it this week. So go right now to DraftKings Sportsbook bet some touchdowns use code. Take new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. Use that code. Take only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go.


Hey, Football guy, A Mindset. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Score big with DraftKings Sports Book, The number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, November 1st. And the New York Jets try as they might are back temporarily. They tried, tried, tried PFT to blow that game many different ways. They were drop, they were doing the Deshaun Jackson, they were dropping balls before the end zone. They were down seven, nothing at half. They were making just huge mistakes in special teams, giving the Texans first downs and then somehow at having it work their way. Whereas a Kimie fair bear missed field goal from 27. But the Jets have won a game. The Jets are three and six. I can't believe it. They're such a bad team, but they're three and six and someone in this room is, thinks they're all the way back.


I know they're all the way back. I think the Jets are gonna win three straight right now, I think. I think we're gonna turn around and the jets are gonna be, they're gonna be six and six. It's the cayenne water. I'm gonna start having to put Cayenne pepper in my water. I told you on, on Tuesday night when we were recording, I said, I think I'm gonna take the Jets, the dark uniforms, the color rush neon black uniforms. They're due. Everyone thought I was dumb. Well, maybe I was just dumb enough to be right. I listen, I I came around, I bet on 'em. I was just like, I I put on my Bowser costume. I said, the Jets are the pick. I it made no sense. They shouldn't be favored over anyone. They're a torturous watch.


They are a torturous watch. And, and except for, except for Garrett. Wilson's incredible. Yes. That catch was incredible. The shin catch, the body control he had. He is so, so good. But yeah, everything else about the Jets is an absolute, like even how they started the game where it was, I think the first play of the game was just, Hey, Devonte Adams, Aaron Rogers. Those guys know each other. They live together. They, they just, they, they, they can think on the same wavelength. Air Devonte Adams streaking down the sideline wide open. And Aaron Rogers throws it like, he basically hits the, the water cooler and then looks at Devonte Adams like, he made the mistake. That was an incredible catch. They're torture. It was an incredible catch, though.


One of the best catches of the year, if not the best catch of the year. I, I wanna kick it over to our good friend Nick Oli. He's always doing his job here at Barcel Sports. He had an interesting comment about it. I thought maybe we could discuss. He said, this tops odells a hundred percent best catch ever, ever best catch ever prisoner of the moment. Maybe had a couple beers watching Thursday night football, or is this an accurate take by a good friend fli? It was a pretty incredible catch. I I, we've talked about it a million times, but like the one thing NFL players are so good at so many different things. They're so fast, they're so strong, they're so skilled.


But the body control like that for Garrett Wilson's whole momentum to go backwards in that moment and be able to get a body part down, you could, you could try to do that a hundred times in the end zone and you would probably break every bone in your body trying to do it and you'd never accomplish it. That was just, it's so out of the out like it's so insane what, what NFL players are able to do. And yes, that catch maybe not best ever, but it was pretty goddamn good. It was a Pretty good catch. And yeah, it would go like your toes break, then your foot breaks, then your ankle breaks, then your shin breaks hip, then your knee breaks and yeah, I I I don't know how NFL players do this from time to time, but how does the shin even hit the ground before the knee hits?


I, I look down can't at my shin and my knee. And I think to myself, like I would, I would dislocate everything from my waist down if I could get my shin down before my knee. It doesn't even seem possible. But yeah, it was a great catch. I I have a question for you guys though about, we saw the Deshaun Jackson play. Deshaun Jackson did this like three times and nobody had ever done it before. Deshaun and then after Deshaun, people do it left and right. Why was it watching Deshaun do it? And they're like, oh, this is a thing now. What happened? It hap it happens like once or twice a year pretty regularly. Me, if I were in the NFL, I would run all the way to the back of the end zone every time I would, there would be no chance I would give that ball up early.


I think the coolness factor of being like, man, I scored so easy. Look at me, drop the ball right away. But it is, it's insane that it ever happens. Yes, it's crazy. It's truly insane that it ever happens. It's, it's crazy. Yeah. Big. I'm with you Big Cat. I would, I would hand the ball to the official, like I've been there before. Yep. I'd run into the tunnel memes. Go ahead. You. This is the first happy memes we've had, I think in, in a month, month and a half. Yeah. It's been a very long time. They should give Garrett Wilson all the money. I think he's the greatest player of all time. Okay. Oh, but this is the first half was one of the worst first Hals of all time.


Yeah. This is the worst. This is also the worst coach football team of all time. Oh, that's a lot of, all times. That was three all Times. There's so many All times. Times. Okay. There's, But they don't even really have a coach. That's, that's the Part about it. Yeah. You can't say it's the worst football coach team of all time. They fired their coach, They fired the coach. But you still have an interim coach. I understand, but that's like, it's not Jeff Ulrich's fault. He wasn't the coach. They decided to fire the coach four weeks into the season. No, the Jeff Ulbrich is the meme where it's just like, I got too important at my job and now it's ruining my life. Like he should just be the defensive coordinator. That meme. Yeah. Yeah. We all know it. Everybody knows that one.


Thanks for speaking Internet to us. Okay, keep going. The Peter principle where you just, in your job, you, you get promoted until the point where you reach incompetence. That's the corporate world. Yeah. Yeah. But it we're still very poorly coached. Yeah. Yeah. You fired your coach. You don't have a head coach. But we do have a coach. I understand. I don't think That you do. Y you don't. Jeff is our coach. Coach Brick is our coach. Right, right. So you still have to coach Your guy. You said yourself. He's not, he, he shouldn't be the coach. You don't have a coach.


The fact that You refer to shouldn't be the coach. This is his. Jeff tells me everything I need to hear. You're talking about him like he's your stepdad. Jeff's our Coach. Yeah. Jeff. Jeff, Yeah. Jeff. Jeff's our tie right now. And Dick, Dick, you need to coach the players to take the ball and run over the goal line with it. It's not that hard. Yeah. Do you put that on coaching? Yeah. I don't know if I put that on coaching. I bet you Belichick tells his guys to cross the fucking goal line. Yeah. The whole, yeah. What does the Belichick say? The whole franchise in your hands? Yeah. No, I put, IIII could That's a, that's that's under coaching for me because it's just, it's lazy football. It's little like the minor details. It's the same thing as the, the, the penalty they had on the field goal.


Like the one thing you can't do is just run over the center, the long snapper. And that's exactly what they did Need him in the head. Tried to Kill him. Yeah, you're right. That is, that is it is coaching. That's just the But they don't have a coach. Yeah. They don't have a coach. They fired your coach. Have a coach. But congratulations memes. I know you needed this. And it, it was good to see a win for you guys. Now, on the other hand, the Houston Texans, they're very banged up. They're missing some wide receivers, some weapons. CJ Stroud doesn't look like himself. No. He offensive line is bad and they don't have weapons.


And CJ Shroud, maybe sophomore slump you wanna call it? I don't know. It's just 11 for thirty, a hundred ninety one yards. And you could say, I mean, I'm not, I don't think C Shroud's bad guys aren't getting open. He's got no time, but their offense has not looked good for the majority of the year. No. You know what I mean? Like, it's, it's been, it's been a lot of ugly football and it feels like they are a team that unless Joe Mixon is doing everything, they're never, like, they're never ahead on, on the downs. You know what I mean? It, it doesn't, doesn't feel like they're sitting there with a lot of like second and twos and, and the playbooks open.


It's just a lot of like third and eighths and CJ Stroud running for his life and Yeah, he's getting, he's getting his ass kicked. He's his offensive line isn't holding up. He's getting his ass kicked every single, every single game. And CJ Stroud, he's, he's still a good quarterback, don't get me wrong. He still makes some incredible throws and I think he'll be fine if this is his sophomore slump. This is a pretty good sophomore slump to have. Yeah. They're six and three. They're football games. He's, it's yeah. Memes real quick. I Also have a theory about That. What'd you Say? I have a theory about that. Okay, go ahead. So it was a freaky Friday situation. Broncos week four Jets came in. Zach Wilson, dapped up, Aaron Rogers. We got all that bad energy today.


We sent all the bad energy to the Texans. Oh, Okay. So now CJ Raub. Now, now it's over there and now we're back. Yes. Got it. Who is Zach Wil Now? Alright. C That'd be CJ sra. CJ sra, memes real quick. Three in six at Cardinals home against the cults home against the Seahawks. Do the Jets get to 500 before the the stretch run last five weeks of the season? Gotta beat the Cardinals. Okay. Gotta beat the Cardinals. I I feel that Aaron Rogers had the run the table thing to Al Michaels in the pregame production meeting though. Yeah.


I mean, it, it does feel like you, if you're not six and six going down the stretch, run it like it, it's, you have to win every, I mean like six and six, then you, then you get in a spot where you're like, okay, all right, if we go four and five down here, you know, we can still lose a game. But if you're sitting there, if you only win one or two of the next three, we're not, we're not even gonna entertain this. Yeah, no, I'm excited about this current second half. But in reality, I know that we're in a, a deep dark hole. Okay, listen, darkness. Aaron Rogers been there. Embrace The darkness. Memes Embrace the darkness. Yeah. But I think we're in a good spot.


Bad energy. Texans jets back. Oh yeah. Okay. You want, you want a game and you put yourself in a position where if everything crazy happens to you, then you can be back at 500. Yeah. Yeah. You got, you got this, you got this memes. Do you believe this memes? You don't believe this? What? No, I think he's just excited that they won a game. Yeah. Which you should be. I, I'm very, I'm very excited. We beat the Texans. They are a playoff team right now. Yeah. And, and this is a, like a, it's nice to win a Thursday now you get a full weekend where you don't have to think about having to be in another must win situation. You get a little break, mental break and then you'll be back at it next week.


Yeah. Right back. They also just have to stop putting us on prime time. Yeah. Well I think you guys still have like, Let we have the cult on Sunday Night Football. What? What? Yeah. Damn. Flex it Cols on Sunday Night Football. You Flacco. Yeah. Joe Flacco, Joe Flacco. And we F And we might have one at the end of the year. Yeah, it does. I don't see one at the end of the year right now, but I'm sure they'll find a way to put you in another one. Alright. We should congratulate the Los Angeles Dodgers on the World Series because they have won the World Series. Congrats. The Los Angeles Dodgers, they were the best team in baseball this year.


They've been the best team in baseball for basically a decade. I, I like, I want to talk about the Yankees, but I wanna give the Dodgers their, their full hat tip first. The Dodgers are, is it weird that even though they spent all this money and they're, you know, all in every single year, I weirdly am happy for the Dodgers because they have been the best team in baseball for like, you know, the Astros obviously have a case, but the Dodgers have been in the playoffs for like, something like 12, 13 years in a row. They've won over a hundred games a bunch of times. They won the Covid World series, which I think we all, we joke about the bubble and stuff.


That's the only one where it's like they did play a significantly less games. You know, like the NBA still tried to play most of their games. The NFL played all their games. Baseball, they played 60 games. Right. So that was the one that was like a little weird. So this one kind of affirms like, hey, this is like great job. You guys did it. You know, all the times that you've won a hundred games and been bounce in the first round baseball playoffs are so random. It's really just such a crapshoot who could be the hottest team. So I'm weirdly happy for the Dodgers and I'm happy for Shhe. I'm happy for Walker Bueller who had a tough year and then he was just absolute nails in the playoffs, got his first career save in the, in the game cli in the World Series clincher, Freddy Freeman.


Mookie Bets is a stud. And the Dodgers did it by just being the better team and being the fundamentally better team. Because like, if you look at it like average in the series was pretty much the same. Home runs the same, runs the same. The Dodgers did, don't make mistakes like the Yankees made mistakes. And that showed a hundred percent in game five when the Yankees had a complete and utter meltdown, of which I don't think I've seen anything like that where it was just, it was, I mean, I've seen things like that, but like the bang bang bang where it was Aaron ju missing just an absolute can of corn. The, the error at third base.


And then Garrett Cole refusing to cover first base all happening in rapid succession. Five unearned runs a guy, Garrett Cole had a no hitter going into the fifth inning and they leave the fifth inning with no unearned runs and it's five five. That was insane. Absolutely insane. Well, yeah, I mean, going back to the Dodgers real quick though. Freddy Freeman, what he's done in this postseason, especially in the World Series Yeah. Is absolutely incredible. And going back to even when he was with Atlanta, like this is, he is one of the best world series batters of all time. You can look at the stats, put 'em up against anybody and what he did in the World Series and he had other deep shots that were hit off the wall.


He had hard hit balls that were caught. Like that dude could not miss this entire World series. Yeah. It was cool to watch. I am happy for Shhe as well. He obviously seemed like he was pretty banged up in the World Series after that slide in second pace. But you, he, he was out there. The other guys were happy for him, but he was like a shell of himself at the plate. Yeah. But that fifth inning Yes, you're right. That fifth inning that the Yankees had absolutely incredible as somebody that does not consider themselves to be Yankees fan. And I think I, I speak for most of America when I say that. Yeah. That was an incredible piece of theater. Incredible performance he put on in that inning. It was one right after the, the throw to third base.


I, he probably should have gone to second on that one to begin with. But then the throw was low to third base. It was like two errors in one and, and on top of everything that happened in that inning for Garrett Cole to go out there the next inning and locked the fuck in. Yeah. After it all went to shit in the fifth was actually very, very impressive on Garrett Cole's part. I, I don't know if that was him being like, yeah, I probably should have covered for a space now I have to go out there and make up for it and just get absolutely lights out on him. But whatever he did to lock in, he should get some credit for that. But it's, it's just an all time screen grab now too. It's, it's what? Five. Oh, and there's, and Anthony Rizzo is picking up a ground ball and Garrett Cole has, has a path to beat Mooky bets to the bag, like that picture.


And then the next thing that happens is five five. It was, and I know people were, were blaming Garrett Cole and he should get blamed for not covering first base. That's like day one fundamentals. But in his semi defense, that inning should have been over way before that because Aaron Judge dropped like that. I don't even know what happened with that ball that Aaron judge Dropped. They got six outs in that. It's crazy. It was nuts. So I, with the Garrett Cole not covering the first base thing. Yes. It's on Garrett Cole. I also think Rizzo probably could have tried to run to first base. I think he was, I think he, I think that ball had some weird spin on it. And I, I think he was like trying to field the cleanly and that's just, I mean, max, you're, you're a baseball expert.


You, you know, base like that. They do that day one of spring training though. The, the pitcher covers first base there. They do that day one of spring training of little league. Yeah. Right. Like that is the most fundamental play of baseball. That he just had an absolute brain fart. Like there, that's there's nothing else to it. Yeah. And it's just maybe Rizzo could have been quicker to the ball, but I still think Rizzo thinks a hundred times out of a hundred there will be a ball hit to his side. Like Garrett, Cole's going to go cover the bag for clearly. I think it's something you have to make the decision on, like as, as the ball's going. Like he, he wasn't thinking he was had to get there so he didn't Yeah, yeah.


If he had, if he, when the off the bat, if he was like, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm the only person that can get to first. Like, he probably could've but he just wasn't, It just Wasn't doing that. Yeah. It's automatic. If there's a ground ball to the right side, you automatically, like it's the first instinct is run a first like no matter what. No, I'm saying Rizzo. Yeah. I'm saying Rizzo, like, oh yeah, yeah. If Rizzo, if Rizzo right away was like, I'm going first, but he just assumed. Yeah. Yeah. If Riz, if Garrett Cole had screamed like, I'm not going to first maybe Rizzo could have gotten it. Yeah. But why would you ever assume he wasn't? Rizzo is like not base. He's not gonna be the fastest guy, the most explosive athlete ever to feel that in run first base.


And I think he was a little surprised not to see Cole there. And then he just pulled up too. And then everyone was just standing around like, well, what the fuck just happened? Yeah. And it's, it's in insult to injury. I don't know if you guys saw, there was a story in the New York post that it, I'm just gonna read this real quick. It's the Dodgers scouting report. What the Dodgers told their players in scouting meetings was the Yankees were talent over fundamentals. That if you run the bases with purpose and aggression, the Yankees will self-inflict harm as it was exposed by bets. Tommy Edmond, Freddy Freeman, et cetera, that the value was very high to put the ball in play to make the Yankees execute. They mentioned that the Yankees were not just the majors worst base running team by every metric, but the difference was vast on the field between them and the Padres.


Who the Dodgers beat in the NL division series was Max Just flossing on camera. He the camera, the the floss like an up close. I he Might just been flossing. I Have a DDI do like, like different stupid shit. But I may have been, I may have been Flossing. May have been flossing, but that, that's gotta be such insult to injury. Yeah. That the Dodgers before the series were like, Hey, just so you guys know, if you just try a little bit harder on every single play, they basically, the Dodgers got a scouting report that was like the Yankees or a softball team. Yeah. They're like, all you gotta do is put the ball and play and run hard and they'll fuck up. Yeah. And that's what happened.


Just put pressure on 'em and, and they're gonna fall under the pressure and then, right. It wasn't even pressure. That's the craziest part. It wasn't even like there was that much pressure. It's like, make them play baseball. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. Crazy. And Then right afterwards, I, I thought it was interesting to talk to Soto right after the game was over and they were like, so what do you think about next year? And under most circumstances, I think a player would say, I really enjoyed my time with the Yankees great group of guys. Sorry that we couldn't get it done and we'll just have to let the process play out. But then Soto was like, yeah, I'm gonna talk to every team in the league that wants to talk to me. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he is, he basically proved that getting Soto for a year now obviously the Yankees won the World Series.


It's worth it, but it does not do them any favors in free agency. Soto's not gonna be like, oh, well I I know where Yankee Stadium is and I'm comfortable here. He's just get you just give him the most money and he'll be there. Yeah. And I, everyone should, anyone who's rooting for a team has money. Someone said the Blue Jays, that would kind of suck. I don't know if that would be, He's already said that. He's already said that there's zero, he has zero emotion to any team. It's literally just a blank check. Yeah. I love it. It goes to the highest bidder. That's what it, I Love that. So obviously the Mets are gonna be involved. Obviously teams like, probably the, the Rangers might get involved too.


Yankees are gonna make an offer. Dodgers maybe, I don't know what, what they're, if they'd be willing to pay him as much money as he's gonna need. I I actually wouldn't be surprised if the nationals were involved to get him back too. Yeah, yeah. I mean, why not Philly if they have the money. He's a Boris guy, right? Oh yeah. Scott Boris had to just be pumping his fist When that, when, when Soto said that. Yeah. Just not even a little bit of like, I love the guys in this clubhouse. It's gonna take me a couple days to get my head right. He's like, highest bidder, get it ready. He just Made the money. Did you guys see the, did you guys see the fireworks in la? That was pretty cool. I saw the guy blow his hand off.


Oh, I did not see that. That was not cool. That was on the, the for you page of x.com XC everything app. I opened it up today and it was just this dude sitting off a firecracker in the middle of the street, blows his hand off and then he runs to the sidewalk dripping blood everywhere. It was a wonderful way to start my morning. Did he have a Dodger cap on? Yeah, he was a big Dodgers guy. Yeah. Oh, all right. Well at least he's gotta win. Yeah, I mean that was, that wa it la I, you know, I know Hank loves la He wants us to move to la I have no affinity towards LA other than they did get a little screwed in the winning their championships during Covid. And this one feels like the FI know obviously the Rams, but this feels like the first one and they deserve that.


You know, like, 'cause imagine I I flags fly forever, all that shit. But like, you win a a Covid championship, you don't get to go to the games. You don't, you know, there's no parade. Like this is the first true one. And, and like I said, the Dodgers have been the best team in baseball for Astro fans are gonna still gonna get mad at me. The best team in terms of like consistently being in the playoffs and winning, you know, a hundred games for 12, 13 years. And so they deserve one. I know people will say they spent the most money they did. They, they went all in the Dodgers of the new Yankees. That was the, that was the big thing. Like the, the Dodgers.


The Dodgers already had a super team and they're like, you know what we're gonna do? We're gonna add Shohet. That's what the Yankees used to do. Yeah. So like that's, that's the Dodgers are the new Yankees and they, and they played fundamental Ball better than anyone else. They were the best team by far. Yeah. You know how you say that, that Cabs fans and Browns fans are different people even though they are probably the same people, but you think of them in different ways. That's exactly how I think of Dodgers fans and Lakers fans. I agree. Yeah. Dodgers fans to me. Yeah. They, they seem like a real, like actual localized fan base. And I kind of root for Dodgers fans in, in that sense, in a way that's completely different from how I feel about the Lakers.


But yeah, I I guess you could say they're the new Yankees, but they, I don't think that they've had enough success No. To really reach that point of, of like entitlement that Yankees fans sometimes get. I'm not saying they're the new Yankees in terms of like what they've done winning wise. I'm saying they're the new Yankees in the fact that like the Yankees used to, you know, be the best team that they would still be like, let's go get the best player in free agency. Yeah. Like the Dodgers were, were a great team and they're like, yeah, let's fucking add show way. You know? And like you just said, Soto, like, I don't think the Dodgers will sign Soto, but if they did, I wouldn't, it would just be like, yeah, I guess that's what they do. They just keep spending the most amount of money.


Yeah. I wouldn't, I wouldn't be shocked. I think that it's probably gonna be the Mets, but again, whoever has the biggest check, that's it. Yeah. It's sad knowing that like Tom Ricketts has the money and it's just, I don't, I'm not even gonna even pretend to get my hopes up. Like, I've sent like two like low, low effort tweets being like, Juan Soto come to the Cubs. That's how I, that's that's what, that's what it sounds like in my head when I'm tweeting it. Yeah. Because I just know there's not even a chance. You just have to Do it. Yeah. It just, 'cause I just like, maybe what, maybe he sees it and he's like, oh shit, I didn't even think maybe I should call the Cubs. Yeah. You never know. I mean, he's, he's something to say. Something He's so fun to root for.


Yeah. Alright, anything else before we get to ourselves? We got, by the way, Bob does sports. Our collab with them was out Tuesday. Go watch it. We have the, our vlog from after Commander's Bears and then today episode one of the, pardon my TikTok. So a lot of stuff going on. Yeah. I haven't seen the doc yet, but we were part of filming the doc. They interviewed us and I think it's gonna be really good. I, I trust Hank. Yeah. 4, 4, 4 episodes. This is episode one. Episode two will be in a couple weeks. All about BVT and yeah, I think that's it. So we will, we'll kick it to ourselves back in studio.


Talk some football. And if you're in, if you're in Connecticut or Oh yeah, the New York area. Come out to see Pup Punk tonight we're playing at Toad's Place. Awesome venue. Me, Ronan, Robbie, Frankie, Nick, Caroline and Robbie's brother. It's gonna be a great time. And I just added 500 bucks to the costume contest, so I think winner gets a thousand bucks. Come out, see us. Fun time. Hell yes. Alright, let's kick it to ourselves.


Okay. Before we get to the weekend preview, we are brought to you by our friends. A Gametime football season is here And we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show, show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We're looking at Commander's giants on Sunday. PFT. Yeah. What Do we, yeah. NFC Beast Tilt. Yeah. Looks like there's a Gametime there's a super deal for 150 bucks, but you can get in for $44. $44 at MetLife. Yeah. So there you go. Just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen, or browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? We're gonna buy those tickets to Commanders Giants on the Gametime app. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore of pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado is a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of, Pardon My Take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year at Grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com to build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover, world of strength and capability. All behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, boys. Week nine. At the end of this week we'll be at the halfway point of the NFL season. What do you, what was that face, Hank Week nine? I just don't, I just don't like it when you give me updates on these because it, it starts usually like week five after we've gotten through the first quarter of the season. And I would prefer just not to know. Yeah. I prefer to just bury my head in the sand and be ignorant about it. Listen, week nine we're, we're almost halftime. I I have a, I have, before we get into the games, I really wish the NFL would link up moving our clocks with week nine instead the, the clocks are being moved next week, week 10. Why wouldn't they just do it at the halfway point? It feels like it would just make most sense. The NFL needs to come in and, and do their own version of savings time.


Like we go by the NFL clock And we go by the NFL League year now. Right. The, the start of the new year is in March at some point. Yeah. I like how the trade deadline is on election day. Yeah. This year we need to do everything according to the NFL League rules. Yeah. So I feel like if they want to decide maybe after the trade deadline move the clocks forward, move the clocks. I just, I just wish it was this weekend. It's next weekend And it's stupid. It is stupid. Yeah. 'cause like, okay, we got baseball this week and, and you know, I remember sometimes there would be daylight savings in the middle of the World Series. Yeah. But fortunately they moved that back to that first week of November. Yeah. It would Also suck too. Like if it's like you're going out on Halloween and then the next day you're losing time, like Yeah. That would just be insult to injury.


Exactly. Alright. So Yeah, they did pick a good week then. You're right. Week 10 next week. Move the clocks. All right. Week nine, we have a full slate. Only two buys. Let's just dive into the games. I think there's some exciting games this weekend. We got some good ones. We Got some really good ones. You know which one I'm most excited for? What? Broncos and Ravens Broncos. All right, let's start There. I'm excited about that one. 'cause Bo Nicks has been actually good recently and their defense is legitimate Top five defense and the Ravens. If the Ravens had won last week, I would feel very strongly about believing them this week. But the fact that they lost last week tells me they're not gonna, obviously not gonna take it lightly, but it's the most yards per play in the Ravens offense against the least yards per play given up in the Broncos defense.


I think this is the Ravens. Okay. I think I, I think it's trick yourself into thinking the Broncos, which they're not bad, it's No, no knock on the, on the Broncos. But the Ravens off a loss, kind of a focused effort. Just signed Deontay Johnson, which is, I mean that was a, was that not a genius trade? Yeah. Yeah. Like I, Deontay Johnson's good And and he is also doesn't have to be the number one receiver. And if you're, if you're Deontay Johnson, it's a great trade. Yeah. You're, you're more pumped than anybody. So Your life just got so much better. He Got traded twice in the span of eight months. Yeah. And the Panthers gave up Dante Jackson for Deontay Johnson and they got a, they also gave up, I think a sixth and a seventh, and now they got back a fifth from Baltimore.


So they gave up a player and a sixth and a seventh and got back a fifth round pick, I guess. Good. Excuse me. Good for the Panthers. I guess that's an asset. Yeah. You have to move on from your, your good players if you're in a, a position like they are. But yeah, if you're deontay this is, this is nice. Yeah, this is really good. Real nice. I, I, yeah, I think the, I think the Broncos are good. I think the Broncos have also played maybe the three worst teams in, in the NFL right now in the last three weeks. The Raiders, saints, Panthers. Yeah. But as we discussed, there's a lot of ass out There. There is a lot of ass This is ass Season. There's a lot of ass, I just think the Ravens are a little, and again, it's awful loss where it's like a game they could've won and the Ravens are gonna be very focused.


Broncos riding high and you see that nine point spread and you're like, oof, that's easy. It's a Lot of points. Broncos are, are five and three. How are they nine point underdogs. Yeah. It's a lot of points. And yeah, I agree with you. Like I said, if, if the Ravens had won last week, I would probably be leaning heavy to the Broncos. But I'm excited to watch the game guys. Oh Yeah, definitely. Because we're gonna learn a lot about the Broncos. I have a stat from Sports Info Solutions. The Broncos are probably gonna try. So they're gonna try to blitz Lamar because they send, they bring five rushers more than anyone. But the Ravens have the seven second best success rate against five or more pass rushers this year. So Lamar, I mean, if you blitz 'em, you're gonna get fucked. That's, that's another thing where if you're Lamar and, and you get the house sent at you and you avoid the sack, even if they get into the backfield and you somehow avoid it and either take off with your feet or hit somebody downfield, that's gotta be the most demoralizing thing as either a, an actual defense or as a fan of that team.


Right. And just blitz the house and then he easily avoided your blitz and exploited it. You're like, well what the fuck do I do now? Yeah. We're, we're out of options. Okay. Next game that I'm also excited for, very excited for Dolphins and Bills because now I don't wanna say that something looks easy, but the Buffalo Bills and Josh Allen own the Miami Dolphins. Yes, they are. The dolphins are two and 12 against the bills when Josh Allen's been the quarterback and they're oh and seven in Buffalo. I don't, they are the bills are the Dolphins, boogeyman and Josh Allen specifically. And it's crazy. We, we, we touched on it on Monday, but like we Bills have just fucking dudes now.


Like Keon Coleman is becoming a dude. I loved his quote. Did you see? He said, when you ain't getting the ball, I'm gonna hit somebody. It's been fun for me. I love that. He seems like one of those guys. It's just a refreshing, like a fresh breath of air and the fact that he just loves playing football, loves doing his job, loves hitting guys. Shaki iss awesome. There's some crazy stats out there about Shaki and Josh Allen. Like they just, every time he throws it to him, it's a catch. Yeah. Kincaid, Ja, James Cook and I, the Dolphins, Mac Collins, Mac Collins, the Dolphins. I it when they have to go, I don't even know what the weather's gonna be like in Buffalo when they have to go anywhere. That's not Miami. I'm just like, no, they can't do it. Do you know when the last time the Dolphins beat the bills in Buffalo was What?


Well I know it's at least oh and seven. So it Was, it was 2016. Yeah. And the quarterback was Radd Taylor. Yeah. That's the last time that that's happened. They've never beaten Josh Allen in Buffalo. And since Josh Allen's been the quarterback of the Bills, the cumulative score is 460 to 269. Whew. Just an ass kicking. Ass kicking. Alright. I'm looking at the Weather Daily forecast. It's gonna be nice Little rain, but still 57 degrees. That's too cold for the Dolphins. It's very, yeah, it's very, very cold for them. Yeah. And Tua, I'm happy Tua iss back. I don't think they're, I don't think they're winning this game. I think it's gonna be a fun game.


I think that the bills, at least they Do score a lot of points when they play Each other. Yeah. And at least the, it feels like at least the Dolphins offense looks fun. And Josh Allen. I think Josh Allen's gonna have a big day with his feet too. Yeah. I think he's gonna just, he's gonna take off, he's gonna run some people over Josh Allen touchdown this weekend. Memes, if the bills lose this game in the, we've already talked about the Jets, Texas, but let's say the Jets win. Are you thinking, wow, we might be back in this 'cause it's six and three and and the bills would and the Jets would be three and six And we won. Yeah. Did you guys win? Did you guys win? We're taping this in the morning. Did you guys win? I don't think so. Oh, so this would be bad if you won and then you're like, I knew we were gonna win.


Yeah. Well there's one thing I know about memes. By the time kickoff rolls around, you're gonna be like, we're gonna win Playoffs Super Bowl. Well When Bruce Arians were gonna get to him. When he was talking about being ae I was, I said to Max, I was like, I'm back. Yeah. Yeah. All you needed, you just need a chip in a chair. Yeah. The Dolphins, I feel like they did the, the thing where they would blitz a lot and then just get abused by Kyler Murray last week. Yeah. And that's gonna be Josh Allen this Week. Yeah. Their, their defense failed them in the second half. The Dolphins. Yeah. They're, they're 27th in defensive. DVOA. Alright, next game. Cowboys of Falcons. I'm another one I'm very excited For. Another must win for Dallas. This is a must win for Dallas.


These are Just games. No, but they we're doing the ones that we're most excited for Whatcha talking about Hank? You're not excited about cowboys vocals? No. Why Not? Well, Hank doesn't like football. Yeah. You don't like football. You like winning. You're anti football pussy. Tell me why, how about this Hank we'll turn the tables. Tell me why we shouldn't be excited about this game. Because the Cowboys stink and the Falcons are are, it's just not like a, it doesn't pop jump off the screen. Like, it's not like, Oh, I think this one jumps. You know, obviously football guys and football guys guys love every game, but no one, no casual fan is like, oh shit. All right. This one does. It doesn't jump off the Screens of cowboys. Let me get to my couch. Alright. Jump off the screen. Maybe not the right term, but I would say this game stands out. Yeah. It's the Cowboys.


It's game playing for their, their season. I think Bij John's gonna have a huge game. I think Cal Pitts is gonna have a huge game. We had Trayvon Diggs make up with the reporter, which was nice. Feels good that we can respect journalism again. Yeah. He should let the reporter Bo of him. Yeah, He should. Yeah. Just be like, I'm gonna bo of you at some point. You have to answer all my questions. It has to be natural. Yeah. At their meeting. I wish the reporter had said, smells like Upd dog in here. Just like a little prank. Yeah, just get him back the D's nuts for the UPD dog. The UPD dog. Yeah. What's Up dog? Not much. What's up with you? I have some stats for you to get you excited here. Alright, here's something to be excited about.


Kyle Pitts bet him this week. Cowboys run the second most. One high shell looks in the league. Kyle pits six most yards per route. Verse single high safety. Okay. Kyle Pitts. And also I'm back. I'm ze. Zeke is completely washed by the way. Zeke is completely washed. He's the only running back with 30 Carries who has yet to break or miss a tackle according to Sports Info Solutions. He's yet to break a tackle Break or mi or Miss Tackle. That's A pretty key thing about being a running back. But if you're, if you're worried about getting old at the running back position, don't worry because Dalvin cook's playing. Yeah. There's the Cowboys are so sad and it's also just, it's Dak and cd. They have to do everything. I, I'm just rooting for something to happen in both the Ravens and the Cowboys game where we get to just tie into the fact that Jerry Jones passed on going after Derrick Henry again.


Yeah. I want, I want updates on that every single week. The IJ and Jerry Jones keeps talking about it too. Yeah, he does. Yeah. He keeps like being like, it's not bothering me. He's like, That guy's so good. But you know, couldn't get him. Couldn't work. I think this is just gonna be a fun over game too. I the Falcons can't rush the passer and Dak is up and down. He's busy. He's been like, if he's got a clean pocket, I think there's gonna be points. Yeah. Did you know that Dallas? I think that they, in the third quarter, they can't score points. Yeah. Whatever's going on in Mike McCarthy at halftime, he needs, he maybe needs to switch over play calling again at halftime and give that up because they got crushed 21 0 last week in the third quarter. Now they've been outscored 61 to 19 in all third quarters.


Do you think he's eating at halftime? Probably taking A snack. Maybe he needs to. Did you see that? I don't know. It was like maybe two weeks ago. Jeff Halfly, the defensive coordinator for the Packers was explaining, there was a reporter who asked about halftime and he was like, you guys don't realize that. Like, I maybe have 90 seconds with the team at halftime. Yeah. He's like, break down. By the time I get all the way down, talk to our coaches then have like a, a minute to talk to our players. He's like, we, I hit like two things. He's like, there's no such thing as a halftime adjustment. The adjustments are happening throughout the Game. And also maybe your individual position group coach. Yeah. Just talking To you about, but he was like, I'm adjusting after every series. Well it's not like a halftime adjustment.


This is a whole new Game. Maybe Mike McCarthy needs to go back to the well of Tricks. Smash a watermelon at halftime. Oh That, that brings up bad memories for me. He smashed that watermelon. I was, I was, I was in that survivor where I was, I think it was for the Pro football show. I was like 13 and Oh and I didn't know it was a watermelon game. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe save some of these awesome stunts for halftime instead of for a pre-game meeting on, on a Sunday or a Saturday. Was that Cooper Rush? I believe? I think he smashed a watermelon for Cooper Rush on the Cooper Rush game Because it was Vikings. They beat the Vikings Say I don't remember. I don't remember who the quarterback was. Yeah, I think it was Cooper Rush Smashed the quarterback at halftime. Mike smashed, Smashed Cooper Rush's head. Yeah. Yeah. That will work.


Alright. Hank, you want the honesty Raiders and Bengals, I'm not very excited for you. There you go. Yeah, I'm not either. I'm gonna predict something. I think memes has this game circled 'cause of Macaulay Culkin Because McCaulay Culkin, I thought getting dressed up as ha as Joe Burrow for Halloween. If you've seen the pictures, Adam Shefter tweeted out. Yeah. And then he was like, look at this. Dressed up as Joe Burrow. It's, it's such a bad representation, such a bad vibe for Joe Burrow. Yeah. Because the picture, especially the one where he is like laying down on his helmet or the ball or whatever, you know, that memes can't wait for like the first interception, first bad play that Joe Burrow has to tweet out that picture of Macaulay Culkin.


Yeah. Memes. Yeah. But you can't trash our friends. True. I don't think I, but I don't think I, I, I thought the same thing when I saw the picture and I was like, Joe Burrow's gotta be rolling his eyes. But it's also, at this point everything's a meme anyway. It's not like there's no memes of Joe Burrow when he loses. This is just something for the arsenal. Just like there's something for everyone. Yeah. In the arsenal. And it's, I'm sure Joe Burrow has probably laughed at the fact that like it's McCulley kin and he stresses as me. Right. Right. Like I watch all of his movies as a kid and this is just, it's it's a very funny picture. It's funny. It is funny. Like it's not, it will be used against him, but I don't think it's one where he's like, you know, if he loses he sees it, he's gonna be like, oh what the fuck. Like that's just, that's just the easiest he's expecting me that will come.


He's Got expect it at this point. But yeah, when I saw that, I just knew that memes has added that to the file. Yeah. That got bookmarked instantly. I want to believe in the Bengals. They are testing my faith in the Bengals. I think Bengals fans even agree. They're like, this is when I do my power rankings on Tuesday. They were a lot of Bengals fans like just put us in full ass. Yeah. Because it's, it's just, they played, they played Deshaun Watson, Daniel Jones and then after that, I mean I guess they're playing Gardner Michu so they should look good this week. They could look and t Higgins needs to play. They could look good. And the defense is, I feel like Brock is gonna be a Brock game for Raiders. Rock Powers. Yeah. Bengals have to win.


They're in every game is a must win. Yeah. And if they lose this game, then it'll be like, we gotta win eight outta the last nine. And if they lose that game, they gotta win eight outta the last eight. If they lose that game, they gotta win eight outta the last seven. I think they have to run the table now. They're just gonna keep where the Bengals are gonna be in in week 17 and they're gonna be like six and 10 and they're like, if we just win five of our out of our last one, we'll be a playoff team. Yeah. Zach Taylor right now is the coach that is spending the most time on the playoff machine. Yeah. Yeah. All the combinations. So Hank, were you happy that I said that, that I, I admitted that there was one game. Here's another game of Oxsight for Patriots. Titans Disagree.


Oh, is Drake May playing, maybe if Drake may plays I'll, I'll up my excitement level A of sco because he would make it a more exciting game if it's Jacob Kobe Prot versus Mason Rudolph. That's a tough one. Yeah, No, that's fair. We're also by law, have to bet the Patriots. Yep. Because we've said it before. Teams after facing the lines are oh and six against the spread and straight up. I don't have an actual opinion on this game other than that stat. I will probably not even look at this game. I will just hope that this stat continues and we're sitting here on Sunday night and we're like, teams that have played the lion are oh and seven straight up and against the spread after playing Lion. You know what that sounds like. What? An under.


Oh, Okay. If you're not gonna watch it, you don't wanna see. Well, it's Gonna be on. I'm gonna watch it. No, I know, but like in a, in the best case, you don't even have to worry about it. 'cause it's like 13 to nine. The Titans defense is still good. This is why I can't quit The Titans, the Patriots can't catch. Yeah. Even it doesn't matter who's throwing The Titans defense is good in theory, but at this point in the season, after they've been through all this shit, they know that they're just in tank mode right now. I don't know if it, it's a lot to ask the Titans defense to keep playing at that level for the entire season. They Did even play that bad against the lions. And the lions scored 52. I know. That's crazy to say. Well, They didn't play that bad against the lions because they, they had, they played great. They had short every short field They had short fields. Yeah. Right. So who knows if they would've played good against the lions, if they had true, you know, like 50 more yards on defense.


The Lions should have done the respectable thing and just taken from the 20 every time. Yeah. Play a gentleman's game. Dan Campbell. There's, there's no no honor in Dan Campbell this season. Yeah. He's just gonna go for your jugular every single time. He's gonna overkill you. Yeah. He's the king of overkill right now. Bad, bad offensive teams in terms of throwing the ball. I think the two worst for yards per game. The Patriots and the Titans and Hank, there's a lot, there's a lot going on this week for the Patriots, according to Jos Anderson, she said that New England might be towing the line between buyer and seller. What at the trade deadline, in what world do you think that the Patriots become buyers? What is that? If you're, you have middleman, you A wholesaler.


I think, I don't, I mean, this is just speculation and I don't know that this is really how pro sports work, but there's a possible world where craft and the craft watched last game and watched our receivers drop 20 balls and are like, we need to get a receiver. I don't know if that makes sense. Even though they know they're bad. But they, But they were like, if we had just like, they, they had like seven drops last week that were just off the hands. Yeah, Yeah. Really, really bad. They're gonna work On it. So they, They know that they have to improve receiver. Yeah. Wasn't there A rumor? Jordan Addison. Yeah. That made no sense. Yeah. So I guess they have to look at The Vikings. They have to look at who's gonna be available as a free agent.


They have to look at who's coming outta the draft, where they're gonna be like, I don't think that the Patriots should be buyers right now. No, me neither. No, but that to Your question of how is that possible? That was my only thought. Maybe they're just trying to, maybe they're trying to get more people to call them. They're just lonely. No. Well, yeah. They're like, we're buyers and sellers. And then so sellers will call them and they'll be like, ha ha, just kidding. We're actually selling as Well. It's like, well, scalping tickets. Yeah. Just Wanna talk. Yeah. Yeah. You'd be like, I need one. I need one. That's exactly what's happening. I like That. Yeah. Yeah. Or Robert Kraft just, he wants, he wants to make some trades so that he can leak that information to the journalists who will be voting on whether or not he will get into the Hall of Fame. Mm. Because he is a finalist.


So if you can give them scoops. So Robert Kraft makes like 50 trades. 50 trades, and, and he leaks them to, he has A whole room, Every different journalist that's gonna be voting for him in the Hall of fame selection process. Yeah. Does he, does Peter King still have a vote? I'm sure Peter King's never given up that vote. Did you? Have you seen He is doing Kings across America. Yeah. He's just going, It's just such a funny name. Like, I know it's his last name, but it, every time I see the tweet, I'm just like, damn. That's a little like, what is it? He really think a lot about yourself. He's just driving across the country with his wife's going on a road trip. Yeah. And it's, every tweet is just Kings across America. And it's just like, damn, dude, listen, I, you're really egotistical. Then I remember I'm like, oh, his name's Peter King. I, I love, I love what Peter King's doing, because that's like the ultimate dream.


Yeah. Yes. In old age retirement, just get, get an RV or one of those silver like trailers, just cruise. Go to national parks. I wanna do that right now. The grid. Same. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna just fucking drive RV parks. Nothing better than a long drive. Okay. So, Hank, wait, what game are we on? Patriot Sights. We just went down a rabbit hole. Yeah. Patriot sights. All right. How about your game? PFD Commanders Giants? Yeah. I'm a little bit worried about the Giants because they, they always play The commanders very, very tough. They beat us a lot just throughout history. And the defensive line makes me a little bit nervous because I think we're still, without our starting left tackle, we might even be on a third string left tackle at this point.


So I am, I'm not there, there are no easy games for the commanders. Like they're still liable to fall back to, you know, where they, how they looked in the first couple weeks. And the Giants in that first second game of the season, their defense played really, really well and held us to field goals. Yeah. So that makes me nervous. I wouldn't be nervous because Brian DaBell said this week, he confirmed that QB Daniel Jones and Deontay Banks will remain in their starting roles. That's not good For how long De Banks for, I liked that. He just was like, oh, everyone keeps asking about Deontay Banks. Let throw Daniel Jones in here as well. Yeah. Shortest. I think Deontay Banks might have the shortest leash in the NFL Right now. He got benched in the middle of the game on Monday night Football, and now you have your starting quarterback throwing in the same sentence as him.


That doesn't feel good. Yeah. Well, who's They're just a mess. Backup Drew Locke. No. Is it not? Is it not our guy? DeVito? Yeah. Oh, Yeah. But who's, who's second? Oh, he might, DeVito might be number three, Because if, if DeVito gets in, actually I'm, I'm worried about both those backup quarterbacks. Yeah. DeVito, you should be worried about Andrew Locke. Will You guys be trying to score touchdowns this time? Drew Lock comes in and he just does some fuck shit. He's gonna throw The ball deep. Yeah. Ju Locke and Tommy DeVito. 'cause remember the first time you guys played the Giants didn't have a kicker. The Yeah. Commanders won with seven field goals to three touchdowns. Yeah. Also, offense played Great though, which is a fucking, no, our Offense wasn't great in that game, but he were, you just couldn't score on the red zone.


That's true. Good point. The kicking situation in DC I give enormous amount of credit to the front office for that, because we had a shitty kicker at the start of the season. Couldn't trust him. And then you go out and you, you change it immediately after one game where it's like, I don't want this to be a problem for the rest of the season. And you make a quick decision and you get a guy that can actually and has won you football games. Yeah. That's like one of those underrated calls that, that can fly under the radar. But yeah, that, that was, it was shockingly competent on the part of, of Washington's front office. Now, here's a crazy stat for Daniel Jones in terms of how he plays at home. The last time he threw a touchdown pass at MetLife was 2023.


It was New Year's Day 2023. It's been a long, long time for him. Wow. Deontay Banks, did he get benched for getting hurdled or did he get benched for something else? I Think it was a combo. I think the hurdle didn't help. The hurdle was a bad visual. The hurdle did not help. But he's been, he's been bad. I, I just, I feel like Jayden's rib is not fully healthy yet at this point. It can't be healthy after two weeks. So that's still a concern. Even though we haven't talked about it at all this week, like we were last week. It was like in the news every single day. I thought He faked It. Yeah. But that, that's probably not true. Oh, I'm just saying it could have been a fake, could Have been a Fake. But there have been, But also could be very injured. He he Could be, he could be injured. And that's not an injury that gets better over the course of two weeks.


No. So it's gonna be tough. Any, any divisional matchup is gonna be tough. Yeah. What, you have a question? No, I just, I, I'll be honest, because I feel like me and PFT have been in, in good spirits with the whole Bayer's commanders thing last week. It would be very funny if, and I feel like the commanders are gonna lose this game. Yeah. Really. So Giants are gonna be, you're in your hungry dog thinking About it. Yeah. Wow. I honestly, I think the Giants are a good bet this week. Wow. If I'm being completely neutral on this and knowing my franchise and knowing how the giants typically play against us. It, it's, it's a good bet.


Hank Hungry Dog. How's the Hungry Dog been doing? Pretty good, right? Yeah, we won week two. So that was like 14. You had the Panthers in it last week. Still Tough. Last week we were two. We were two for three. I know. We were so close, But we're up, up money on the year, so it's gotta win Another one. Okay. So next game Chargers at Brown's excited about this one. Is that Okay? Hank, I guess Jamus. Jamus. Jamus. Jamus Jamus Also. Justin Ever's been playing awesome. And he needs more credit. They've, they've gone, they're now opening up the game. I looked at it. His stats first four games. He had 23 pass attempts per game. He was averaging last three games, 35 pass attempts per game. Lad McConkey. Jim Harbaugh said that he, see, he reminds lad McConkey reminds him of Steve Smith.


It's High praise. High praise. So, And we get Justin Herbert playing really well. Jamis, I'm excited for this game. Yeah. So Justin, he's had two consecutive games with over 270 yards passing and they don't have a lot at wide receiver, but if you can unlock lad, then you all of a sudden have a weapon and going up against the Browns. I Defense The Browns defense banged up. Denzel wore out. JOK Obviously Brown's Defense is banged up. And the Chargers defense is awesome. Yes. Chargers defense is really good. They haven't allowed more than 20 points all season. I kinda like the Chargers. Yeah, I do too. But I still want, I want Jamis to go out there and, and I want him to ball.


Yeah. Do it for America. James. I want him to ball out. I want him to have fun. I want him to do some crazy shit. I want Jamis. Yep. I need Jamis. Alright, Hank, here's another one that stinks. Saints, Panthers. Derek Carr said he is. I am no savior. Yeah. I disagree. Well, for a savior from how bad they've been. Yeah. They've, they've been outscored 110 to 45 when he is been out. Wait, do we Have, is this Derek Carr like trying to rebrand as a bad boy? Because he said I'm no savior. And he also said when I'm, when I get back, I'm going to be a psychopath. Oh. So we have psych. Like I'm no, I'm no saint. He's basically being like, I'm a bad boy. We got bad boy Derek car.


Holy shit. I didn't psychopath. I didn't see the psychopath quote. Yeah. Derek Carr's gonna be a psychopath. I is. Is Derek Carr a psych psychopath? Like when, like a sports center anchor gets let go and they're like, now I get to say what I really want to say. Yeah. I, I I'm gonna join, I'm gonna call it Bar stool. See if they'll let me do a podcast. Yeah. Right. Like, did that, is that what what's going on here? Are we gonna really see a, a psychopath? I think he's going to, he's probably going to eat carbohydrates. Oh. I think like he's, he might even have a full sugar Coca-Cola. He might not put on his mascara. Yeah. Or make heavier your mascara. Heavier Your Mascara. Yeah. Go, go dressed as Halloween as slutty. Derek Carr. The Panthers are just the most bad vibe team in the world. I mean, trading Deontay Johnson, it's like you, you basically are just telling your whole team, we all suck.


None of you're gonna be here when we're good again. It's gonna be a while. Yeah. I don't know what I, there's no Ir I there's no irredeemable part of the Panthers. Well, Bryce is starting in. Annie Dalton's healthy. Okay. So I don't, what are they doing? I don't, I don't, I Think they're tr I think they, they're doing the right thing. I don't think, I don't think they know what they're doing though. I think they're seeing if he could do something, he probably can't, but he's trying to do something. Yes. Sec Xavier Legett is, is the best part of the Panthers. Yeah. Yep. Did you guys see I've, I've, What'd he say? You guys wanna watch this? I've said the way he says, I can't stop saying allergic. Okay. Oh, Asparagus Was the one. And as, but allergic. I've been saying to myself for the, like, I can't get outta my head.


All right. Let's Hear it. I Just hoping they got some good food. I'm freaky eater, so I just hope they got something I can eat. They have good chocolate. I don't eat candy like that. Well, what is your, what are your no-go? You said you're a picky eater. What are your No-go. Yeah, I don't eat seafood. I don't eat like peppers and onions and all that. I, I don't really vegetables like that. What you eat? Like pizza? Yeah. I, yeah. And like, I just started eating the spears. Oh. I eat like string ma and green paste. But that's not surprise for some reason to cooked bacon grease. Hmm. Do they have to be cooked in bacon grease? No. No. No. That ain't like that pasta. Yeah. I eat some pasta.


Okay. Yeah. I eat some past chicken steak. All the regular stuff. Yeah. Yeah. All the regular No seafood though. Nah. I'm allude. Yeah. He is the best part of the panther. Yeah. He's country as fuck. I love that. I like that so much. Asparagus. Yeah. The, that's the Germany game next week. Giants. Panthers. Oh man. I, yeah. That's, that might be the only NFL game that I will not watch. I won't watch a second Now. I don't think I'm gonna watch it. I think the NFL, they've, they've pulled enough levers. If you're doing Mad Libs for how you, how you engineer a game that even I won't watch. I think having the Panthers and the Giants play at 8:30 AM in Germany on Daylight savings.


Daylight on Daylight savings. Shit. That's like, it's the reverse Vince McMahon meme where he keeps getting more excited. I keep getting less excited until finally you figure out a way Goodell. Yeah. I, That might be the least watched NFL game in modern history. Yeah. The, the daylight savings helps you. No, no. We go forward next week. No, Fall back. Fall forward. Fall forward. F's That's why your running game doesn't work. You always F it's an alliteration dummy. Right. Fall forward. Right. You guys are gonna watch it. You guys are lying. I don't think I am. I Definitely not. I will. I'm Second half. I will. I know that guy's Gonna watch it. I'm gonna watch it. I'm not gonna watch all of it. Fair. I will watch parts of it.


I think I've watched every NFL game in the last at least 10 years. I think I've seen every single one. And I think this might be the one where I, I will opt out of, We actually should not watch it as a podcast and then give a recap. Yeah. Okay. That would be fun. Yeah. Oh, Hank, we have to twist your arm for that one. We're We're doing a boy. This is our boycott against the NFL. Yeah. By the way, this the, the stat. How bad are the Panthers? Saints are the only team over the last 20 years to have to be seven plus point favorite on the road. Week eight later with a winning percentage less than 30%. That's wild. They're two and six and they are seven point a half point favorites on the road in division.


That's how bad the Panthers are. Psychopath. Derek Carr. Psychopath. Derek Carr. Okay. Max Jaguars Eagles. Are we worried about Doug Peterson's homecoming? Yes. Okay. Here's something that could make you feel a little better. Violist Jones is on the Jaguars now. He'll probably fumble if they play him O Okay. That's your guy. Yeah. That's your not my guy. No, that's your guy. Not my guy. Also want to give credit to the Eagles. I don't, we have some contacts with the Eagles, but we probably should figure out how their contracts work because I think we need to rework Hank's contract. Did you guys see there was a story that Jalen Hurtz Saquon and Jeffrey Lurie played golf with Obama.


It came out afterwards when Jalen Hurtz did his press conference. He said he didn't play golf. He rode with them because in his contract he's not allowed to play golf. How do we get that contract for Hank? There were a lot of people Tagging him. Tagging. Yeah. Yeah. Well, tagging me and asking why, why can Hank do this? Yeah. Yeah. I would have to sign the contract. We could get you to sign The contract. No. Yeah. The four of us don't. You don't think we could physically manhandle you into signing a contract? Well, that would Be illegal. No, it wouldn't Put you under duress. Street Justice give you Two years. Guaranteed. You don't know about that. I'd Hold out, don't drop the soap. Is That dealbreaker That's deal breaker for you. Yes. What would you demand to have?


Like, what would we need to do to make you include that in your contract? I, I honestly was thinking about it. Like, I really don't, can't put a price on happiness. Can't put a price on golf. So you wouldn't take Ja and Hertz's contract If it was Jalen Hertz's contract and Yeah, that's what it would be. How long is this contract? Like four years. We Can probably get outta this contract pretty quickly. There's probably an, an exit in there after about two Years. I would do that because I don't have so much money then I wouldn't even have to sign another contract. It he, Hank would put this podcast in Cap. Hell Yeah. He would. We'd be maxed out. Let's see what the contract is. We'd Have to have memes start Five years.


255 mil. All right, fine. Yeah. I would sign that contract. You think that's worth it? So you do have a price on happiness? Yeah. 'cause I could just do, I could then just retire and call for the rest of my life. We should just get it and then, then fine. Print the 250 mils in Taylor coins. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, man, I lost a lot of money in that and I thought it was a great thing. They were bringing the world of the crypto communities and sports, Sports betting and boobs Together, and the communities were gonna join. And then once the communities joined, it's like now they're together. And there's just a huge community at that point. Because I actually don't think crypto guys have ever sports gambled or looked at boobs.


No. No. But imagine you're not thinking about the communities coming together though. That's true. That's true. That was, it's more important than money at that point. I have a sad Jag stat. Oh, this, this is one of the saddest ones. Chap sent this to me yesterday. He actually, he had, he FaceTimed me to tell me the stat. 'cause he's like, I can't text this to you because it's so sad. This came from Daniel Griffis. The Jaguars this year are averaging 5.8 yards per play. Okay. This is technically the best offense of all time in Jaguars history. What, What we've seen this year is the best they've ever been. How's that possible? No. Yes. Better than Bortles.


Apparently they don't win. I mean, Iron Leftwich, David Grard BALs almost got too Mark Brunell. They're averaging. This is the best plane train right now. This is the best the Jacksonville Jaguars have ever played offensively. This might be a situation where chaps is faking us out and it it, because the Jags are so sad, we can be like, I guess it's right. It it might be. He's a, he's a, he's a Wiley one Chaps. Yeah. But if true, this is, that is crazy. This is a very sad stat. This is as good as it's ever been. I Guess. Different league now they pass. That's true. Max. So nerve level for this game. You gotta crush 'em. I You just gotta win. No, you gotta crush 'em. You just gotta win. You gotta crush him. This is Peterson's second time coming back.


We, we, we crushed him the first time morally. 'cause I think they went up and then we came back. Oh. Morally crushed More. It was a moral crushing this time. You just have to win. It looks like such an easy spot for the Eagles. It looks like such an obvious spot for the Eagles. The Jags are so bad. The Eagles are look so good right now that it's, it's a nerve wracking game. It's like, it's an obvious, like you think one way NF l's a week-to-week lead. It's Week to Weekly. It's a week to weekly. It's week To the week. But The last like three weeks, you guys have looked pretty good. Very good. Very. Are you guys fully back? Fully? No. No, no. Last week we were, last week we looked like a team that was fully back. But it's a week to weekly. I don't know if You heard him say that.


Should we start talking Jalen Hertz? MVP People are saying. Yeah. Is that the, a discussion that's happening? What are we talking about right now? People are saying us there. We got us there Max, About right now. God, us there. Max is Learning. I feel like a dad that his son finally beat him up. Damn, this is good. This is Good shit. Flipped it on us. So, but If you do win this week, you're fully, fully back. No, we're not fully back until we beat the commanders. I love that. I love that. I, yeah, I, this is what I wanted. I wanted, I wanted Max to hate me. I wanted Philly fans to feel something about the Commanders. I know I got DC I got Washington fans and my mentions all pissed off at me. It feels good.


I like it. Good. Did you guys see who won Pepsi? Rookie of the week. The fan vote. Pepsi Rookie the most. Yeah. Hardware. Was it, Was it Jaden Daniels hardware? It must have been that, that drive. He had hardware before. The Hail Mary Hardware. I, I was, I've been watching so much Eagles film this week. Twitter film. Oh, Twitter. Twitter film after a big win is the best. Yeah. Yeah it is. Yeah. Just watching like the random guy that you've never heard of break down how Cooper de Jean going from one side of the field to the other means that he's gonna be an NFL superstar for the next 10 years. It's the best. It's The best. Oh, 22. Okay. Bears Cardinals afternoon games.


Matt Fus finally said it was his fault. What did he Him till Wednesday? How'd he Say it? I believe, let me pull up the exact quote. He, so he, he obviously said on Sunday and Monday that it's not a big deal that they didn't guard the sideline, all that stuff. And then I believe he said I'm gonna find it right now. 'cause I know it took all the way till Wednesday. Matt ber flus. Alright. He said on reviewing the Washington loss, the game didn't finish the way we wanted it to. And it starts with me. Okay. So he finally came to grips after three days after everyone after the locker room.


Everyone talked out after Ben Johnson rumors started. He finally is like, you know what? I've done some soul searching. It's me. Okay. Starts with me is good. That's a good start. Yeah. I would like at some point for him to say it starts and ends with me. Yeah. Yeah. Because it can start with you and then It needs to end with You. You, it needs to end with you also. Otherwise it's ending with somebody else. It Needs to end with you as Well. It starts and ends with you. I got a, a question for you Big Cat about Caleb. Yeah. Do you think that they're asking Caleb to do too much? No. Not physically. No. I'm, I'm talking about like the, the 10, 15 seconds before every play. Yeah. The checks at The line or if he Goes to like every single player and lets them know what their responsibility is for that play.


No. Would it be easier if he they took like half that off Of his play? No, because then that would be more on Shane Waldron. Okay. So it's like you'd rather have that be on I'd rather kill make mistake than Shane Walter make The mistake. Shane. Walter. Yeah. Okay. Because it Seems like that's, they're asking him to do a lot that can get in the way. He does a lot. Yeah. It can like, you know, simplifying it just a little bit can help him play a little bit more loose. I would like them to come out and maybe have a good drive to start a game for once. Also, here's a fun stat. Rohan Johnson, did you know that he's the only player to score a touchdown on a hundred percent of the carries inside the five yard line this season? Minimum four carries. Hmm. That's the guy that we had in on the field for the, when Doug Kramer got the handoff.


What's Doug Kramer's percentage at? He's not scored a touchdown Yet. 0%. 0%. I this is, this is a must win for the Bears. Obviously this is also how you respond game. If they respond well, we can start saying, okay, let's see what happens in the NFC North when we get going with that. If they come out flat, if the Cardinals look good and, And we lose this game, it's just like bottom out. So it's this week against the Cardinals next week. Patriots. Yep. And then it starts And then it's divisional time. Then it's basically, and if you win these two next games, then you're like, okay, YFS Six. No, no, no, I'm not, I'm not saying yfs. It's six and three. I'm saying if they're six and three going into the divisional gauntlet, they have a chance to go to the playoffs.


They, they, they would six and three was the, was the goal to get to a spot where, hey you can, you can take some lumps against the Lions Packers and Vikings and still maybe be in the playoffs. I don't even know if I should put this out there into the universe, but I will. There is a chance that we get a rematch Big Cat in the playoffs. Mm. Well I don't think the Bears are gonna make the Playoffs. No, don't put that into the universe. I don't thinks it gonna make the playoffs. So that would be tough. Okay. It Is after in the universe. Now. It could cha I mean, if they win these extra games, I'll, I'll reassess. I'm, I'm on a week to week. It's week to week leak. Good point. The only thing that makes me excited about this game is that the Cardinals are last in pass rush win rates.


So hopefully with our banged up offensive line, we can still protect Caleb. And also we, people have been calling for Tyreek Stevenson to get cut. We need them. 'cause we've got some banged up guys And we need him. Yeah. And he is not a bad player. He had a bad moment. So we Need him. So the, the Cardinals, they, they stink in terms of getting pressure. Yeah. So if, if Caleb can have a little bit more time, It would be nice. It Would be very, very nice. The only, the only thing that you're looking at on the Cardinal side is they might get their first round pick this week. Ooh. So Darius Robinson has been practicing. Mm. And he's about to come back. Mm. We don't know if it's gonna be on Sunday or not. Okay. I, if I were the Bears, I would just hope like Yeah, maybe just know.


Take another week. Don't push it. Don't push it. Give yourself another week and make Sure you're ready. Don't rush it. Let Caleb get some time back in the pocket. Yeah, don't rush it. Okay. How about Lions at Packers? Hank, are we allowed to get excited about vacuuming? Yes. This is, this is Two, this is the Primo Games. There's Two exciting ones. The crown jewel. Wait, What was the other Exciting one? Like Dolphins Bills. This is exciting too. What? For a casual, You pick, you picked Dolphins, bills over Broncos. Ravens Falcons Cowboys For a casual. Okay. I disagree. Hank Casuals Don't even know Bo who Bo next is. Are you a casual? If I didn't work for this podcast, I'd be a lot more casual. You'd Be the most casual.


Would you not? What would you do on Sundays? I'd do what I used to do before this podcast existed. Which is like, watch the Patriots game and then sometimes do other stuff or go to Bars and then it should be done. Yeah. What a life. Alright, so what are your thoughts on this game? 'cause this is gonna be a great game. I'm excited about this game. I think the lions are gonna roll. Wow. Lions roll. What does that mean? 10 plus 10. Like a, A stomping Jordan Love maybe playing. How's his groin? Can we get an update on Jordan love's groin. I don't know how his groin is. James Groins don't recover that easily.


No They don't. Jordan Love might be playing. I think the Packers are gonna win. So this is one of Jared Goff's three outdoor games this season. Yep. He's only got three of them. And he hasn't had one yet. Right, because it's the 49 ERs. It's the Packers Bears and it's The Bears. Yeah. No, he hasn't had one. So we're, and it's gonna be shitty. It's gonna be like rainy. Yeah, maybe a little bit windy. I just, this just feels like a Matt Eber flu spot. Well, Or sorry, not Matt Eber flu. I'm an idiot. Matt LaFleur. Matt LaFleur. The good. The good Matt. Good Matt. Matt LaFleur loves doing shit.


Weird shit with Malik Willis who might get some playing time this weekend. And if he plays well then now we're talking about official Matt Flynn status where there will be a team that offers him. Maybe not. Yeah, maybe not insane money but good. He will extend something. He'll extend his career by three to five years if he plays good this weekend. Hank, I don't like when you like the favorite and I like the underdog. It's freaky Friday. You know what I think it is Big Cat. I did you hear what? What Coach Bill said? No Belichick. No Belichick called the Detroit offense. Impossible to stop. Whoa. Impossible. They are kind of impossible. They are but they haven't played outside yet. That's right. Maybe, yeah. Maybe only, only winter. A little bit slower.


It's also a three and a half is it feels like a lot for a division game. I'll just say it. It's a lot for a division game. Okay. Last game in the afternoon. Ram Seahawks. What Hank The stat from advisors that is, is the one, is the lines are 14 and three against the spread in their last 17 divisional matchups and 14 and three against the spread in their last 17 road games. Whoa. That's pretty good. Now I'm thinking the lines are gonna roll And also impossible to stop offense. Impossible to stop. But what about Matt LaFleur? Good coach. But I think, I also think that having a half in half out quarterback that might not be a hundred percent versus your backup. Like it's almost worse than Jordan loved just being out and knowing you're playing Malik Willis.


That's a fair point. That was good analysis. Thank you. Ram Seahawks the afternoon. I'm just gonna bet the over in this game and hope the Seahawks aren't total Jekyll and Hyde where they can't do anything on both sides of the ball. We're gonna get DK back maybe. Hopefully this is a huge game for the NFC West. It is. Yeah. Massive. Yeah. Whoever wins this game, it's like, we we're going to say that they have a commanding lead basically in the NFC West. Even though they don't, they Absolutely will not. But, but it's gonna, it's gonna feel like that is the best team right now in that division. And the Rams, if they win, they're all the way back in this thing. If they lose, they're gonna be back into a spot where they're like, where we got a lot of hay to make here.


Yeah, exactly. And then we're also going to be forgetting about the 49 ERs who will probably get off the bye week, be healthy and then they'll Just stop dominate everyone. Yeah. Yeah. I just don't know what the Seahawks just, they feel like they're teetering. What are you gonna say, max? Do you have something? I got nothing. Nothing. Do you have any opinion on this game? Not much. Nothing. Not much. I'm excited for this game. I Think that McDonald needs to just run the damn ball. Yeah. This feels like an, this just feels like an afternoon game obviously. 'cause it's in Seattle and it's two NFC West teams. But like, I'm just gonna enjoy having this game being on, you know, it's gonna be, I'm gonna take the over Matt Stafford is this.


Matthew Stafford is way too often forgotten about. And now with Puka and Cooper back, their their offense is gonna just eat everyone. I feel like it's just can their defense, which is very young. Hang in. I, I like watching Puka Nku without the ball. Yeah. He's one of those guys when even when they're running the ball, I, I just like how he blocks and it might have to do with his hair just flying around out there as he's running into linebackers and, and safeties and shit. But he is one of the funnest players in the NFL to watch when he's not even a part of the play. Yeah. Agreed. Alright. Last game on Sunday. Colts Vikings. This Anthony Richardson thing has, feels like it's been handled poorly, I would say.


So it came out, Shane Steichen made the call. No influence from Jim Rse. No in influence from Chris Ballard. Anthony Richardson came out and said that Steichen didn't really give him a reason why he was being benched. And then Shane Steichen also said, job be our quarterback going forward. So it's not a one game benching, it's a He He clarified that. Yeah. He's he clarified it too. That seems like a weird point to clarify. Yeah. Like you make the switch and if Joe Flaco doesn't play well, then it's real easy for you to go back to Anthony Richardson. But then he came out and clarified the switch and said, no, he's now our full quarterback. So now you can't make a switch back to Anthony Richardson. And then a team source from the cult said, we are not quitting on Anthony. That will be the story.


But that's not the case. Feels like that's the Story you're quitting on him for now. Yeah. It's also like, I, I know you don't want it to be the story, but it feels like it's that the, the story. Yeah. Brian Flores had an interesting quote about Anthony Richardson. He said, I know there's been a lot of talk about the play where he came out, but did you watch the play? I mean, the guy throws a 300 pounder off and runs around. I thought it was incredible play. I mean, I got tired watching him. It seems like this is a lot of description of like Brian Flores is doing too much overpraising how crazy that play was. Yeah. It's almost like he's saying it to keep that story going and like in the news. Well, it's also, it like creates, yeah, he's trying to create the division in that locker room where if there was anyone who was defending Anthony Richard and they'd be like, oh look, Brian Flores has our back.


I think everyone probably hated that Move. Have you watched the play? Yeah. I 'cause hand up. I actually haven't seen, I didn't go back and watch the play where he asked to come out. It wasn't, it wasn't that crazy. And again, I, if you're an offensive lineman who is, you know, offensive lineman have to have to just be living 70 pounds overweight, probably banged up everything running down the field and then the quarterback comes out Each, I mean, the description of that play was the guy throws a 300 pounder off him. Runs around. Yeah. That's what you do every play. If you're an offensive lineman. Brian Flores Playing head games. Yeah. Keeping it going. The Viking Straight for Cameron Robinson from the Jaguars beef up their offensive line. Good move. Good move. They had to do it. I'll see the, the Vikings, we'll see if their defense starts to, 'cause it's happened a couple times where the Vikings defense has fallen off a little.


Where at some point you gotta have guys who can win one-on-one and not just blitz. Yeah. Blitzing. Blitzing. If you're playing a really good quarterback or quarterback can figure it out. Blitzing. You can't just blitz and be like, that's all of our pressure. But I think they're still gonna do it. Even if they get those guys that can win one-on-one. That's just the Brian Flores way. But They're back-to-back games where their defense is taking a a step back with the lines and the ramps. They're also like No pressure. Huge Free agents signing this week for the Vikings TJ Hawkinson. Mm. I think he's back. I think he's gonna play this week. That Is a huge free agency signing And I'm excited to see him out there. Yeah, There's gonna be a fun game. 'cause Joe Flacco's playing Sunday Night Football. I'm excited Joe Flaco.


Okay, let's do some, let's do a touchdown parlay because we gotta we gotta hit it. We were, were we two outta three last week? Yeah, I lost So Yeah. No, it was, it was you Devonte Adams. Yeah. That was a bad pick. Devonte Adams hurt us. So we're gonna put up a touchdown Parlay in the Draftking Sports book. Every day is Game Day Draftking Sports book. And now through the end of the year it's extra special. All customers will get a special daily promo every single day. From Profit boost, odd boost, no sweat bets and more. There's something for everyone. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Use code take that's code take. Take advantage of special daily promotions only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER (800) 327-5050 Or visit gambling helpline ma.org in Massachusetts in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9. Please gamble responsibly in Connecticut. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland 21 and over in present in most states, 18 and over in Washington, DC, Kentucky, New Hampshire or Wyoming offer Void in Ontario Void. Were prohibited. Eligibility restrictions apply terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resorting Kansas. One plus promotion per day promotion, sport eligibility and requirements vary. Ends 12 31 24 sponsored by DraftKings. Who we got. So Max you in. You in Max. Sure. Get in. I'll hop in. Get in here. I'm gonna go Bija. I'm gonna go Josh. Josh Allen. I'm Gonna go Kwan, he didn't score last week so it'll be early. Oh no, no, no. The Eagles are late game. Yeah, yeah. Afternoon. Three O' Okay. Four o'clock. I feel good about that. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah, that is a good one. So go check that out on the draft games. We Were one of three last week just for the record. But That's what were the other two? Brian Robinson was the other one. Oh, okay. Sorry. It's alright. I just remember sitting there and you being like, why did I take Devonte? No, that Was a bad pick. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't feel as bad. No, no. You you shouldn't feel as bad. You should not feel as bad. It Was a terrible pick.


Okay. Should we do our picks? We are bad as a collective unit. I think meme, I'm outta the basement. Memes is, is is at top. Memes is nine and seven. I'm eight and eight. PFT, seven and nine Max is six, nine and one. Hank is six and 10. Yeah, it might be one in five. My last six mm Would be ashamed if you had to go on a bachelor party and golf. I know. Okay. Who's up first? That would Actually be awesome if it was a bachelor party that didn't golf. That'd be Big Cat. Yeah. I am up first. Oh. A lot of pressure. Shit. I don't like going first here. I will. I will. I will, I will.


I will take, I'll take the Chargers and the Browns over 43. I like that. Jamus. Jamus. You'll Find a way Jamus. I'll take the Detroit Lions minus three and a half against the Green Bay Packers. Mm. I will take the over in the Lions Packers over 48 and a half. I think the last six games. Four outta six went over. It's fun. I'm going to take the opposite of Hank. I will take the Packers plus three and a half. Okay. I will take the over in that game.


Memes just took the Over. Oh memes. You took the Over. You did just take the over in that game. Okay. I will take the, did anyone do the under in Patriots? Titans? No. No, but I was going to, I will take that. Nice. Good Pick 38. That's a lot of points. What the fuck You go, You got Oh, go again. Okay. So in that case I not ready, I would take psychopath. Derek Carr. Ooh. Minus seven at the Panthers. Mm Mm. Seven. Yep. Seven. Yep. I will take the under in Giants Commanders under 44 and a half. Okay. Vikings minus five. Ooh. I'm going to take the over in the Commanders Giants game.


Whoa. Great offense. I think the Giants is gonna be a shootout. Okay. Shootout. I will take, fuck it. I'll take the bears plus one and a half. I was thinking about it. Yeah, Let's just do it. I'll do it. All right. So You know how you said that, that playing the Panthers is fun. Yeah. I think playing the Cardinals from an offensive standpoint is Fun. Not the pass rush. Yeah. No pass rush. Fun would be nice. Fun. It would be fun. Okay.


We have Fantasy Fuccbois brought to you by our friends at Body Armor. Body Armor. This segment is brought to you by Body Armor. Real hydration, real ingredients packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing Artificial Body armor sports drink has great tasting flavors like strawberry banana and blue raspberry. Not only do we hydrate with body armor, but some of the best athletes in the world do as well. Like Christian McCaffrey, Joe Burrow and Sabrina Esca. We love Body Armor. I'm drinking it right now. Get yours today at Walmart or a local grocery store near you with Body Armor.


What's up? What's up? What's up? What's Up? What's up k Bianco's. My name's Mako Mozzarella. Hey Marco. Hey, It's Eminem. Marco Mortadella my stardom this week. Will Smith, big Willie style. Yeah, It's the fifth Street year. Will Smith is won of World Series. Oh shit. That's that's pretty jiggy. That's Wild. How many will Smith do you think it is? Three. It's five. Five Will Smith. Oh shit. Just kidding. It's two. That guy's doing a lot of slapping, getting Jiggy with it. I sit him Lil Dirk. Lil Lil Dirk. He got caught up in a Hawaii tap. He's bopped. He's going to jail for life. He was trying to get back at King Vaughn's guy. Yeah, he was.


Yeah. He was riding. Said too much On, he said too much on Mike. Now he's riding for the clink. Remember Erta? My sleeper? Xavier Legett. Yeah. Xavier. He might be allergic to Allergic. He's Not allergic to the end zone. He's gonna get in. He's gonna have a couple tds. I love it. Take him off the bench. Put him in your stat and rotation. I love it. Love that. Love that a lot. Mor Elli Mat. Michael Mor. Muscle Moberg. Yeah. Hey, what's up? This is Austin Capo Bianco. This weekend. I'm, I'm starting covering first base. Mm. Pretty important thing to do. Oh, It's right there. It's right. Oh, where is it? It's right There. Right Over there. Yeah. But I don't know.


I'm, I'm, I I don't feel like running all the way over there. It is a long way away. Respect 90 this week. I'm, I'm sitting soup this week actually. Oh, this week it's been two. It's been two nights at Italian Wedding Soup. It's very nice this time of year normally, but it's been too hot. Why is it so hot out these days? I miss the days when it was October and it was cold. You had to put on pants. You say your Watch to it. Remember, remember next week we set our clocks forward, Set our clocks forward. Yeah, that's right. Absolutely. And then my, my sleep of this week is TJ Hawkinson. TJ Kinson. Getting back. People forget about TJ Hawkinson. TJ Hawkinson is going score a touchdown this weekend. That's fast. Bet on TJ TJ's back. Alright, What's up? Fuckers. This is Devin p Bianco.


Hey Devin for couple bco My stardom this week. Isho Tony's interpreter. I hope he bet on the Dodgers to win the World Series and made some bang. EBay. EBay. EBay. Good job. eBay. My sit is Ryan Clark. He dressed up as Bill Belichick for Halloween and it's fucking freaky. I thought it was funny. I thought it was creepy. I think it's an example of a double standard White face. Double standard. Can't do that shit. You Know, rod Clark, I don't think he used to play when you went out to Denver, which is a smart move because you go out there, you might turn a little, a little gay. You might start looking at your buddy and be like, Hey, the altitude's getting to me. Gimme A kiss. And my sleeper this week is gonna be Bija, three touchdowns for Bijon.


Love that. Three. Love that. Oh yeah. That is creepy. How do you, how do you say that? Look good. It doesn't look like Bill Belichick. It's funny. Tell, It looks like white chicks. It looks like. That's funny. It's, It's funny, but it's not, it doesn't look like Bill Belichick. I mean, it's, to me Halloween is like a, you know, funny and creative. But He should have just worn the sweatshirt and the wig. That's Basic to me. That looks Like, but it doesn't look like Bill Belichick. Looks Like you remember those episodes of the office where Kathy Bates came in. That looks like Kathy Bates. I I expect to have two great Danes next to her. Doesn't look like Belichick. Belichick looked great in his suit. I mean, that's, what'd he do?


He just wore one of Ryan Clark's suit. Oh. What did you think about the shots Fired? Yeah, Shots fired. I I mean it's, it's petty war. This This league. This was Belichick's ex-girlfriend. Wife. Wife. I believe so. Talking about Linda. Okay. Yeah. So what happened? She wore a kill bill costume. She wore a kill bill costume and then his new girlfriend dressed up as him when he was the coach of the Giants. I don't know if that was a response or a coincidence. Ah, he's got girls fighting over each other. I love it. Dressing up as your boyfriend for Halloween is. That's, that's kind of strange. Can we see the, can we see the, the young Bill Belichick? Because then what Do, like, do you kiss her while She kiss herself?


Yeah. While She's dressed up as you. I'd agree. That's a little strange. Yeah. Okay. We got two great interviews. Two great interviews. So we have Julian Edelman, our good friend, and then coach Bruce Arians, also our good friend. Before we do that


PFT, you got a couple ads Before we get to Jules. He's brought to you by Coors Light because no matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. You just go to the PMT Instagram. Tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light Rivalry shirt. Five winners are selected every Saturday until December 7th. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill. Keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold refreshment of Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment literally made to chill. Coors Light is cold, laggered cold filtered, cold packaged. It's as crisp and refreshing as the Rockies Perfect for a moment to unwind Coors Light is the best. Sometimes you're watching your games on TV and you're like, I, I need, I need to kick my feet up. I'm getting too intense right now. I need to reach for an ice cold blue mountain and drink a Coors Light. I'm gonna have a couple Coors Lights this weekend. Might even have some on Friday during the Pup Punk show on stage, bring a couple mountain cold Coors Lights with me. Even the biggest rival is great. When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game. You choose Chill, then you reach for Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado.


Julian Edelman is also brought to you by SimpliSafe. If you're ever worried about the safety of your home and family, there's no better time to act right now. You can get 60% off a new SimpliSafe security system. Their best deal of the year. SimpliSafe is the home security that I trust. My listeners can get 60% off today by visiting simplisafe.com/pmt. It's a big deal. 60% off wireless security. That's when you go to simplisafe.com/pmt. It's a new way to protect your home. It stops intruders before they break in. Old school systems only take action once someone is already inside your home. That's too late. SimpliSafe active guard. Outdoor protection changes the game. It prevents crime before it even happens. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously, those agents see them in real time. They talk to them directly. Set off your spotlights and even call the police before they've had a chance to break in. SimpliSafe is offering my listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale. This week Only you get 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is their best offer of the year. Go to simplisafe.com/pmt. That's simplisafe.com/pmt. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


And now here's Julian Edelman. Okay, we now welcome on our very good friend Julian Edelman. Jules who now has another podcast, dudes on Dudes with Gronk, which we're gonna get both of you on together in a couple weeks. But we wanted to have you on to talk ball and also dude, like how many podcasts are you gonna do? I think this is it. Two, we'll do two. Okay. Two. That's a good amount. Honestly, it's just an excuse for me and Rob to hit the hot tub together and do like a sauna session and then like talk for an hour. And it's been fun.


We've literally tried to bring the same routine that we did together for nine years in New England and just try to capture like the locker moments when you're, you know, in between meetings. You go there and there and you, you guys are taking a piss next to each other and you know, Rob says, oh dude, you see how good fucking Ray Lewis looks on film or something like that. And just crazy shit like that. So it's been fun. Games with names has been fun. Dudes with dudes been fun. It's cool to have two different kind of concepts. You or, but kind of similar, you know, like we get to talk about games with on the games with names and then, you know, everyone always wants to categorize what kind of guy a guy is, you know, and, and that's kind of what we've been doing on dudes with dudes.


You know, you got your stud, your freak, your dude's dude, your wizz and a dog. So it's been fun to kind of go in there and, and, and categorize it and then communicate with the people arguing about, nah, this guy's not a dog. He's a whiz. So it's been fun, you know, it keeps your, honestly, for me it helps me in my TV world too, because the more I like watch the old football, then it brings all these memories from like my career that I fucking completely forgot. And then like, it makes it better for everything. So these things are just awesome. Keeps my head in the game. Yeah. Okay. So what is a dude? What is a dude? Yeah. What are the categories of dudes? I it's your show, so whatever.


Yeah. What is it? What is, dude, I wanna know. There's categories of dudes. You got your stud. Okay. Oh, so a dude isn't its own category? No, A dude is just like someone that we all are. Man or female. Man or girl. You could be a dude, like a dude's like a bro. Like do, if you, you have a 7-year-old, how olds your kid? Big Cat. Five. Five. Are they broing you yet? Yo he bros me all the time. He goes, I got a year old's, Bro. She bros me. I don't, I don't know what she means by it, but that's the same thing as a dude. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. He Says that all the time. So there's five different categories. You got your stud, which is like the athleticism is there, the football iq, he's got the pedigree. He's always been the guy.


You got your freak, which is some a one of one guy. He's just a fucking one of one. There's no one like him. You know, like a Randy Johnson or like a, a Randy Moss or something Receiver. Yeah. He's a one of one jumps high, catches a ball, can, can freaking, you know, track anything. One hander, landers. He was just an absolute freak. You got your dog, someone who's like, relentless motivated, maybe had to go the long road, maybe been arrested or something, but is always been that kind of guy to, to make big plays when his team needs it. Then you got your Wiz, which that's like a innovative guy for me, like an intellect guy. Someone who comes in clutch, like a Steph Curry.


Like that dude's like the un most unbelievable wiz. He's literally changed the game of basketball because now, like I, I just remember basketball always being a bigger guy's sport now. Like you see a bunch of these littler dudes. It's a space game. It's three pointers. Like every kid you go to, like the, the Asphalts I'll, I'll be at my daughter's soccer practice and I'll watch the kids playing basketball. And like every kid thinks they're Steph Curry. They're like eight year olds hitting, like, trying to, like, they're practicing their, their half court shots. That's a whi it's unreal. And then you got your dude's dude, the dude's dude, he's your glue guy. You know, the guy is in the locker room, kind of.


He's not, maybe he's not the craziest player on your team, but he's kind of that guy that keeps everything together. He could count, you can count on him when you, you're having a, a low day or you can go have a beer with him. He may not drink, but he'll, he'll be there and just listen to you like a dude's dude. He's the glue guy. So that we just categorize these dudes into what kind of dudes they are. I like that. I like that. Yes. Wait, so what are, are we dudes, dudes? Yeah. Or we we're not, we're definitely not freaks, I would say. This is what I thought for you two. Okay. PFTI think he's a wiz. Okay. I, I, I, I think he's elite with just his podcast Wittiness.


And you were in that category too, but like, it's, it's just, it's different when you're from DC like the Chicago is like the Cheers vibes. So like everyone wants to hang out with you. So I put you in the dude's dude category. Oh, you know, you could, you could, you could be in any room, you could do five different shows, which you both can do that. But like, it's, it's just impressive that like, anywhere you're around, people just wanna hang out with you because you just seem like a guy that everyone wants to hang out with. What about Hank? That's the most important part. Hank, I would Say is dog. I, I give him a dog. Dog, okay. I give him a dog, you know, this, this, he wasn't, didn't he get fired like four times and just kept on showing back to work?


Like he, he's been fired. He started as an intern. Didn't get paid for the first 20 years of his career or five years of his career, you know? Now he's, he's kind of worked his way up the rank. He's a Dog. What about Max Freak? Huh? Max is a freak. Max is a Freak, yeah. Freak for Max. You don't Know Max that well yet. Still, I'm still learning. Max, We gotta get you to do a freak off with Max. Yeah, yeah. Max is, I'd say, I'd say I like Big all his takes. He he's funny. Yeah. He's he big freak. Big freak big. That's what that boy Max is. So, I dunno if he sound news. He doesn't sound like a big guy on, on the, on, on his, on the podcast though. Like when I met him for The Oh little Boy, I was like, he doesn't sound like a bigger guy.


Yeah. He's powerful. He's powerful. Max, I don't know if you just saw the news, Julian, but speaking of dudes and dudes that do podcasts, I, I hope I'm not breaking this to you, but you and Gronk did not win sexiest podcasts this year. Who won it? The Kelsey's. Kelsey's. Well, without a doubt. You think so? I don't know. You guys are pretty sexy. They're they're pretty. They're they're, they're hot right now. They're, they're, they're, they're on this, they fire right now. Yeah. They also, I saw you guys mention on your podcast that you and Gronk were saying that Travis and Taylor should have a kid. 100%. So why is it o Yeah. So why, why is it okay for you to say that? But we can't, Who said you guys said they shouldn't?


We were encouraging them to try, wanted, try, try really hard Would be Yeah. But we, we end that comes after Us. It could run her out. It could probably dunk. Yeah. She's, it'll be a freak. She's a stud kid. Yeah. Yeah. She is a Stud. They're both studs. That make a freak. Jules. What way we need to get, we need to get your take on, I know you probably said it on a couple other shows, but tell us the whole Dro Mayo Soft thing, how a team responds to that. What, what's going on in New England right now? Well, The, the team clearly responded. Yeah. You know, they go out and gotta a win against the Jets. We all know that rivalry.


And for me, with, with Gerard, I think he was including himself in that. Like, I, I think he's on that level with the team where he could say that. And he knows what buttons to push to get them to, to clearly respond like they did this week against the Jets. You know, he, he's a, he's a guy that's played, he, he communicates in more of a younger fashion and it clearly works. So, you know, I'm, I'm happy for the, for Gerald and, and sometimes, Hey, you gotta call a spade a spade. He's like, you can't go out there and lie to the guys and say, you know, go and do a press game conference and give up a million yards in the run game kick return for a touchdown and, and say things are freaking sunshine and rainbows.


You know, you gotta press a little, put a little urgency in there. And he did. And they went out and responded. Yeah. Has a coach ever called Yusof? Who, who Has any coach ever called you soft? I don't think so. I don't, I can't remember a time now. You know, maybe like the unit or, or something, you know, like if, so there's been some kind of softness communicated, but never like publicly. But that's, it's just a different generation. Like they were tough. Exactly. They would do that to try to pull a string, even if you weren't soft. They try to say you're soft because they knew I would get all pissed off and then they would, you know, like that's just a, that's a, yeah, that's what coaches have to do.


They gotta find certain buttons to push to, to make certain guys go. Some guys need to be hurt, hear that stuff. And some guys need to be pampered. So, you know, that's What it is. I'm not soft. It's, it happens to A lot of guys get called soft sometimes. Yeah. When they're actually not. Yeah. I, I don't Know. Keep going. I, You, you wouldn't know you, you've definitely never been called soft. I like that. You you tried to be like, oh yeah, the unit. Well, you did. Yeah. You did say my unit's been called soft before. Yeah. Oh, I don't know about my UI don't, it, I, I just don't want someone to fucking hear this clip and say, yeah, we called you soft that one time, that one year. And I don't fucking remember. So I'm trying to make it gray.


Yeah, yeah. Maybe after a little whiskey. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Oh, this never happens to me, babe. Yeah. Don't call my unit soft. Yeah, that's a, listen Julian, we've all, we've all been there. It's okay. But We were, we watched the film. Everyone knows fucking New England Patriots receivers weren't soft. We were fucking, you know, you guys see everyone blocking the run game. And we were extension to that run game And we took pride in that. We had three fucking rules in New England's receiver room. Get open. I I think we catch ball and block. That was the three things you had to fucking do. Yeah. I think what pick out was about to say was that like, that's the worst thing you can call. Yeah. It's the worst thing you can call a team, right? Soft. I mean, you, we play a physical sport.


This is a physical sport and you know, toughness goes a long way. You look at the last, however many Super Bowl champs, they all had a, some form of characteristic of toughness in their locker room. Yeah. Or in their play. So I think that that would be, it's, it, it'd be a tough long day if you heard that you were soft. Yeah. Alright, so Jules, we're gonna run this Friday before week nine. Yeah. So I don't really want to go into the past here, but I have to ask about the Tyreek Stevenson. Obviously the Hail Mary. What, when you see that, is that a discipline thing with a football team where it's like, 'cause it's kind of the old coaching thing. Like either you're teaching it or you're allowing it to happen.


Is that, is that wrong for me to say, oh, as much as Terry Stevenson needs blame, it's, that's a, that's a co like coaching, coaching matters and having your guys in the right spot and locked in for 60 minutes matters. And that's kind of like a, that's a culture thing. Yeah. If I were to see, see that when I was playing, I would look at that, like if I saw the highlight of that, and I would just say that that's just a bad football team. Like Yeah. You know, or a young football team, they're just, they're young in the mind still. Like they still have good things and Chicago did some really good things on defense that week or against the Washington Redskins, but like, that's competitive stamina.


And that's the, those are the little things that separate like a good football program from like a team that's still trying to figure out what they are and who they are. Like I, I don't think I would, would you, would you ever see a Dan Campbell team do that? No, Probably. No, definitely not. You know, would you, would you see, you know, one of the Harbaughs guys teams do that? No. Nah, no. You, you just, you don't. So, and I, and I know Matt Flu has walked through that situation probably once a week for the last 23 weeks or however long they've been in OTAs. That's something every team does. And if they don't, we got a problem.


So yeah, regardless, whatever whoever's fault it is, it doesn't look good. It looks like a slap dick organization that like, act like you've been there, go out and win a game before you win a game. And, and especially against such a, you know, that that's a, it's a conference opponent. There's a lot riding in that game, even though it's a week seven game, you know, for your young quarterback that, you know, needs a little confidence, you guys go out and win that game. Chicago goes out and wins that game, you know, the confidence of that team's on a different level than what it is right now. And, and yeah, this is when you need to be your most confident, especially going into the division, which all these teams are gonna have to start battling in the division right now. They put themselves in good positions to get to this situation.


Like, that's not what you want. So hopefully they can turn around. I mean, they got young guys, they may be too naive to know how big that moment is and, and like have short enough memory where they just go, you know, that could be spin zone right there for you. Yeah. Okay. That like, they Don't know how big the opportunity they have is right now, so like, it doesn't matter. You're gonna play the same regardless. Yeah, yeah. That Like that in your, that I've played with, you know what I mean? Like Yeah. You don't realize like, hey, it's, it's like you go out and you have a, a really bad football play and like, it doesn't a phase them because they don't realize how big it is and then they, they go make a play after. So maybe you do that with Chicago Bears. So what, what's the best way to, to punish a guy like that?


How does it happen in the NFL in high school? I, man, like, it would just be like, he's gonna run until he throws up and, and it was like, okay, we'll run for a while and then he won't do it again. But at the NFL obviously they're pros, they get treated a little bit differently. There's a CBA, but are, can you just make somebody run or do you have to shame them in film room or, or how does that work out? I I think he's probably feeling pretty embarrassed right now and, and feels pretty bad. And, and you know, the whole team sees that on film. Like that's the most humbling thing as a player is when, like I've, I've had plays where, you know, I've been stripped, touched down other way against Baltimore. You know, you, you fumble in a big crucial situation and, and that like, as a player is like the worst feeling.


It's like when you go home, it's, it, it reminds you a lot of when your mom got your report card and your dad didn't come home yet and you had like a c or maybe a D plus on that thing and she didn't tell your dad yet. Like, and then you, you, you finally have to, he gets to see it and you see the react like when you see it in front. That's, that's scary. Like that, that moment of anticipating the scaredness of what your dad is gonna do or say. That's how he's probably feeling going into that film session. So if, if he's, if he loves football, you know, I, I don't know what the team does. I mean, I'm sure some of the, the leaders are probably gonna have a talk with him. The, the coach should probably have a talk with him.


It depends on what kind of guy he is in the locker room too. Like if, if this is a, a thing that occurs a lot like, and you could see that in, in just workplace environment. If, if he's a guy that you know, thinks his shit doesn't stink and, and, and does that kind of shit all the time, they'll probably be tougher on him. If he's a guy that maybe slipped up and, you know, the moment was a little too much for him and he got too excited, you know, maybe he made a mistake. So I don't know what kind of guy the guy is in the building, but I would be terrified going in and having to watch that around my, my, my teammates just because of accountability factor. Yeah. Your punishment is, you, you have to take a goal line carry next week from the one.


That's probably what Walgreen's gonna be. I would love that. Yeah. Yeah. That's your punishment. Just like a big, a big picture thing. Touchdown Fuck, that's a, yeah, no way. Give him that. The big picture thing in the NFL who has been, are you as high on the lines as I am? I was trying to ask a question that would get you to talk about the lions, but I feel like they are the best team in the NFL right now. Top to bottom. The Hutchinson in injury is obviously devastating for their defense, but I still think that they right now have the best shot at the Super Bowl that they've maybe ever had in the history of their franchise. And I think they're the best team in the NFL. Do you agree with that? Or you think I'm crazy? I Don't think they're the best team in the NFL, but I do think this is the best opportunity that they can go out and have a shot to win the Super Bowl.


They're playing really good football. The Hutchinson's injury though does concern me. Like against bad football teams, you don't need a pass rush. And, and with the offensive line that they have, they can control games and keep the other offense off the, off the field. But you know, I, the, the lions have played so good, they're not in the category of that. Now they're at a, a place where, you know, it's, it's NFC championship or bust or it's Super Bowl or bust because they played themselves in that standard. They played such a good job and they've shown how good they are. So I'm concerned of those games when they have to play against a Lamar Jackson may be in a Super Bowl or you know, a Rock purdy or, or or a a Jordan Love a and you know, when they need to have that third and eight on defense, can they get off the field?


Like there's gonna be a time where you're gonna have to do that. And if you can't manu, like that's when the big name players make their money and their names is are in those situations and they don't have any, they have a lot of guys that are working hard and they, they play physical and fast, but you know, they gotta find a way to manufacture that. I'm, I, that's how I think. Do you think that they could stop Patrick Mahomes on a third Nate to clench the game? I don't think so right now. That's how I think like all, all these games, that's good. But can you stop 'em in the red? They need to get a three points in the red area. They can't give up a touchdown. Can they stop 'em in the red area or could they score a touchdown in the red area? Can Jared Goff go and play from behind? There's a lot of situations we haven't seen.


Yes, he played in behind a little bit in that Minnesota game, but I think there is more to that just for the physical factor of Detroit. But they, they definitely have put themselves in a great situation. I do get a little scared with one thing with the Detroit Lions though. Dan Campbell, I love him to death. Love Dan Campbell, but he needs to evolve his play color. His, his, his coaching style. He, he, he can't act like he's a the hunter anymore. He's being hunted. You know, you, you're the good team. Your culture's in place. We don't have to run a fake punt in the opening drive against the divisional rival on a fourth and three on your 35 when you, me, everyone in the goddamn stadium knew it was gonna be a fake fucking punt.


Like, we can't do that. That's like, you don't need to steal a possession anymore. You have a great offense that we're gonna score you points. You could do that right now in week seven. You go do that in the playoffs, you'll get eliminated. Good teams will, will, will cap on the, or will capitalize on those. And so like that's the one thing that we worries me with Dan. And I know, I know he floats that line of reckless and and aggressive and and he doesn't need to right now. You, you don't have to. Your team is good enough where you could just sit back and play and let the game unfold itself and use the strengths that you have and you're, it's gonna be enough. Yeah, no, it's a good point I didn't even think about because it is true like the, they do have that scrappy underdog, but they're not anymore.


They're the best team in the Yeah, we don't, We don't need any more fake punts. I like it. I I do like it. I like the recklessness. I loved it when he did it and he needed it two years ago. That, I mean that's, we're this is a different team. This is a different year. You have different standards. We, we don't need that. The Recklessness is fun though. Just as an outsider, maybe I'd think differently if I was a Lions fan, but watching them and and rooting for them, I do. I I enjoy it because you know that Dan Campbell's gonna do some fuck shit a Hundred percent. I don't think that he's, he's not, you're right. He's not gonna stop doing it either. It's like, this is who he is. So love him or hate him. He's gonna continue to, to call maybe some unnecessary risks that he doesn't have to.


Hundred percent. Alright, what team right now are you, do you have your eyes on that's maybe four and four, five and three and you're like, watch out for that Rams, you're starting to put Rams. I like, I fucking, you know, ever since I started working on Fox, I watch this NFC so much more. And, and, and I live in LA and watching Matthew Stafford and I, I talked about it three weeks ago when they played the 49 ERs. I was like, we had some mariachi. We, you know, it was Latin Latino month or something, or day we had the mariachi on the show. And I was like, Matthew Stafford could take this mariachi band out and go and compete and if you, if you catch him slipping, he'll take advantage and win a game. And that's what he did that week against the Niners.


And, and what those last three or four like kind of hard weeks have been for the Lions have been a great opportunity for to gain depth. I mean now that you're getting pka back, Cooper's back, like they look like a completely different team. Kyron Williams is a, a stud. They found him in the fifth round and now you got like two, two atwells and all these three, four or five receivers that got a lot of opportunity to get experience in those four or five weeks that pka and cou have been out. So I think they're gonna be a tough team. They got a young defense that plays hard and it's so hard to bet against Matthew Stafford. Man. He competes, it doesn't matter who's in the huddle with him.


He finds a way to make the game competitive. He's, he's a, he's a, I think he's a first battle hall of famer, man. He's a stud. Yes. I've been saying it for a long time. I said it before, it was cool not to, not to brag. He's One of the, the most gifted throwers in the football man. Yeah. Like we always give Aaron and Aaron de deservingly. So, but like, I feel like he's like a Aaron in Mahomes hybrid where like he gets that pop that, that Aaron got. But he also has been changing arm angles and doing No looks back in Detroit 10, 15 years ago. Just we didn't talk about it. 'cause they were getting their teeth kicked in. Yeah. Yeah. So, so this, this episode's coming out I think the day after Halloween, right? Yeah, November 1st.


Yeah. You were on the Patriots for the Belichick Halloween costume thing, right? Where he dressed up like a pirate. Yeah. Tell me about the process behind that. Because I remember at the time watching it on TV and like all the players were shocked that Bill Belichick actually like, did something fun and went all out for Halloween. So what was that like him and did you get the invite to it? I, I didn't go, I didn't go. I was a rookie. I think I was a rookie that year and, and like, I was still like trying to make the team. I was like bouncing around and I wasn't, I couldn't have fun with like the superstars and the coaches yet. So, but you know, it was pretty crazy because we all saw it on the internet like the next day.


Like the guys that weren't there. It, it was, it was pretty or heard about it, you know, everyone was talking about it. Randy was talking about it. Randy, Randy always talked about that Halloween party, but didn't didn't get any inside look, don't have any info on that. I know he looked like he had a fun time. Him and his babe. Yeah. The, you mentioned Rogers, so it's coming out after the Thursday night game, but what, what do the Jets do? Is it, is it Aaron Rogers or is it everything else around him? Because it's a disaster. An absolute disaster how this season has started for that. Yeah, it's, it, it is, it's a tough si. I don't know. I've never been in that situation.


But, you know, whenever things were like state of the Union type, like feelings around the building and like we thought the sky was falling after like maybe a two game slide. Like what you really have to do to get out of that slump And we all just gotta worry about one game. Can we just stop with the noise every week? Like, we don't want to hear about this, we don't want to hear about that. Like, let's just put all our time and energy and try to do everything we can to go put our best performance on Sunday for three hours. That's all we gotta do this week. Okay. On our let's, if we're receivers, let's go, let's go study our third down plan. So when we know it's third and sixth, we know we're getting that defensive coverage.


We can spit out the play call. We know that's how fast and on a great page we are. Let's let, let's worry about our job. Like that's all they gotta do. And it's a tough, tough, I guess said than done. The actions they've done kind of like, you know, you it it's kind of like one of those, those, have you seen those rubber things where you watch those infomercials and you know, you see the guy slap the thing on the boat has a hole in it and it stops the water. I just don't Yeah. Flex Seal. Yeah. Yeah. One of those I they need, You need Flex Seal. I think that stuff works though. It definitely works. Like yeah, I've, I have seen the commercials, you know, the guy that like builds a canoe out of It.


You know what I thought about, and, and I'm gonna catch some slack for this, but the way the organizations are, are ran in the last few years and, and the Jets are like, I I'd say like the Oakland Raiders, the West Coast Jets or the, the Raiders, the East coast or the, the Jets of the East Coast Raiders. Like they just, those these organizations just seem like they do such desperate moves so fast. Like they, they do the same shit is not synonymous. Yeah. Like, Like hiring Tom Brady as an owner. No, that I think that's gonna change it, baby. There you go. Change everything. No, it's, It's, I said last few years. Did you hear what you see how I worded that last years?


Yeah. No, it's very smart. Not Now. It's, it's not now. Raid should be excited. I just, it's the teams, teams that try shortcuts. There's, there's no shortcut to winning. No shortcut winning in the NFL. You gotta build a roster through the draft and free agency. Not just free agency. Not just it like, you just can't do shortcuts and It feels like you gotta put deposits, bro. Yeah, yeah. You gotta Put deposits, you gotta put it in the bank. As Belichick would say, put it in the fucking bank run the, these are just deposits. A lot of times around this, this time of the season, I look around the NFL and I just imagine like what the most bummer teams to play for would be like, like punching that clock going into work every day. You don't really have, you have to like, invent reasons to Panthers to be excited.


Is that a question? Would they be number one? 'cause I feel like there's a couple, there's a handful of teams that I think would be bummers to play for in var various different ways. But you think the Panther's number one? Yeah, dude, it, it looks, I don't know man. It's, it's tough over there. And, and I feel bad because, you know, they're working hard, they just don't know how to work probably, or, or whatever they're doing. It's not right. But, you know, they're professional athletes and they're working, I guarantee they're working hard. That's gotta be so tough to, to, you know, try to go into work and put a good practice in and, and string together three or four good practices and then get your teeth kicked in every Sunday. I, I, that's, that's, I that would be tough.


That would be tough. You know, I, I've never, I've never experienced that in my career. I felt that at Kent State. Yeah. I felt that at Kent. But we were always dangerous. We were a dangerous team And we weren't getting blown out. Like, like, so we weren't even like the, the, the Panthers man. We, we'd go battle some big teams. We'd beat a BCS team at Kent State. We'd be Iowa State back in the day. So like, you know, we, we were that dangerous team. I would say we were more like, we were more like Arizona. We were, we were more like Arizona where like if they put it all together, they don't turn the ball over. They got some really good football players and the quarterback is, is athletic and can make some plays, but if he turns it over, they're, it's not good.


So what about a team that, that had expectations that hasn't lived up to 'em? I'm speaking like more like the cowboys. If, if you're on a team like that, they seem like they would be a bummer to play for right now, but for a very different reason than the Panthers who just, you know, they, they were rebuilding. They kind of knew that didn't have a lot of expectations. But down in Dallas, things just seem like the vibes are way off. Yeah. Stress. Stress seems high Stress levels in the building are high right now. You can feel it. I I, I feel it. Yeah. You know, that's, that's one of those positions where, you know, they're the Dallas Cowboys. They're always gonna have that, that microscope and you know, there are certain things they could have addressed at the end of the year that maybe they, I don't know.


I'm not in the books. I don't know how their, their teams built team. But you know, when you pay, you know, high top dollar for three or four players, you know, you usually lose depth or you can't have that, that mid player guy that is very productive. You know, the, you know, so I, I just think there's a whole lot that goes into that. They're off. You know, I, I think they need to find a running game. That's, that's how Dak has had all his success. Success. It's always been off the play. Action. Let's stay ahead of our count and not to have, you know, a running back that can, can handle that and that they can build off of. It's, I was a little this point. So they gotta find a way to manufacture some run, you know, I know Alvin Cook came out, but he don't look, he looks a little, you know, he, he needs a couple more.


Maybe a rep, maybe maybe Hunter Lepke season. What? Leke They're fullback. Hey, you see that guy? Yeah. That's a dog. Dog. We'll see. Dog run with the dog. Hey Bill Belt. They're a little too, that whole team San Francisco's kind of disappointed Me too though, honestly. Yeah. Yeah. They, they feel like that's also injuries. Say That again? That's also injuries in like, you know, the weird stuff going to training camp, but Yeah, they, they feel like they're way better than their record and they should be able to put some more games together. Yeah. You know, I, you know, this is National Football League. I mean, Kansas City's had a lot of big injuries over there.


May not have been on the defensive side, but on offense. And they've had the mental toughness to find ways to win games. I, I think it, that's clearly what it is in San Fran. And I love them. They're a good football team. I, I root for them. That's my childhood team. But like, they act like they've already won the Super Bowl, like the way they play and stuff. To me, they need a little more mental toughness. There's always a a story out there. Someone's hurt, someone's shot, someone's this, someone's that guy doesn't, guy's not playing wants more money. This guy. Like, there's so many things that go on over there. Like, how could you not have a a bad season? Yeah. Like how, how can you focus on the games?


We don't, we don't focus on anything but what's going on outside the game. That's like, that's what I feel, you know, over there. Like, yeah, you guys are banged up. Yeah, you don't have Christian McCaffrey, but let's, let's fucking put our energy in. Let's go fucking, let's go take this opportunity and make some names. Like, that's, that's what you have to do in the National Football League if you're a good football team. You know, and that's why you look at Kansas City, they're dealing with the same shit, you know? And, and they're, they find ways to win games even when the quarterback's not play. Even when Pat's not playing that great. Yeah. That's a team thing. What about in Pittsburgh? That's a team. Sometimes the offense ain't putting up the points. Defense looks at you and say, Hey boys, we got you. Hey, hey, we got you.


Just don't turn that shit over. All right man. We got you. There's sometimes with the defense, Hey, we got you. You guys can't stop a lick right now. We're gonna score points. You know, that's, that's, that's what a good team does. Finds ways. Yeah. Special teams. Hey, we need a fucking touchdown. Let's get one teams, teams in need right now. We ain't got shit. That's, that's exactly fucking, that's exactly why I like Pittsburgh. 'cause I feel like Pittsburgh's defense has been saying to their offense for years, like, we got you. We'll go out there. We'll we'll keep it interesting for you Pittsburgh. And now that their offense is like, maybe we'll get you a little bit. Yeah. Pittsburgh's sneaky man. Hey, you gotta tip your cap to Tom limit to have the balls do what he's done. And it looks like it's working out.


'cause Russ, that team right now reminds me and gives me like, not, I'm not saying they are, but it's like those legion of being boom, super Bowl teams. Russ Wilson throws a teardrop here, deep ball there. He's got an explosive receiver to get a good run game and play really good defensive special teams. Like that's how they won in Seattle. So, you know, Ru Russ is, hopefully he can build off this, you know, he's not gonna have the same kind of running that he did in those days, but maybe he's learned to be able to dump the ball off in which he's, he has these last couple games and they've looked pretty good. Yeah, they have. They're Five and two man, Five. Wait, no. Are they five and two? Six and, and two six.


Six and two. Top of the and top of the A FFC north. Yeah. I mean that's, that's six two. That's fucking talk about a team that just ignores the noise. Yeah. Talk about a team that we don't even got a goddamn starting quarterback at the beginning of the year and, and you know, we got all these stories. Who's the quarterback, who's not? This guy's getting traded at receiver this, that, and what they're six and two. That's, that's a good football team. That's a football team right there. Yeah. And we were talking earlier about, about their record on Monday Night Football. I think they're 22 and oh in their last 22 games at home Yeah. On Monday night. Who is there a, is there a difference? Like, can you feel a difference in, in a game that's played at night versus a game that's played at, you know, 1:00 PM on a Sunday, 100% night games.


You, you, you feel the electricity, you know, Sunday night football, Monday Night Football, the, those, you know, it is crazy. It used to be early in my career, like Monday night football was the thing, you know, that was like, you wanted, you know, it was like the only show on, you know, and, and then, then it later Sunday night football kind of caught up to it and that became where everyone was at the, you know, everyone, it's the nightcap. Like that's where everyone's watching. And there's definitely a lot more electricity in those night games, especially with the matchups you usually have in those games. You know, they're gonna put a a a, a crappy game on one of those in theory.


So there, it's always been fun to play in those night games. You know, when everyone's watching, everyone's watching. We played a lot of those. Alright, well Jules, I know you gotta run in a second. I have one last question for you. Everyone tune into dudes on Dudes also games names. We're gonna have Gro and Jules back on in a, in, in a month and talk some more ball with them. But my last question,


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take


Is Bill Belichick gonna coach again? Hell Yeah. Okay. So that's a hell yeah. That's definite. They like, he's 'cause he is doing great at media. Yeah. And you gotta probably be a little like, what the hell is this? He's, he's, he's way nicer than he was when he was our coach, but he's, he's not lost. He, he's definitely gonna coach again last Few weeks. Have you noticed his little de So he's, he's been getting a little, you know, I always said early in the thing, it's all sunshine rainbows with Bill on the media, real good TV and real good podcasting. We'll be put on like this five 20 worst plays in fucking that weeks of football and then have him break down that film. And you've kind of, you've seen a little bit of that.


Yeah. Recently. Yeah. You know, that's real entertainment. This like, fun stuff is, that's not fun. But I think he's been doing great. But I do think he, he, he loves football and he wants to coach man. I think this could be all part of his, his master trick of trying to get back in and show that he's like young and cool and you know, like that's, that's part of his plan. But, you know, I I I think he wants that record. I don't know. He's never told me. I'm speaking for myself Coach Belichick, so don't be coming at me. But yeah, if I was a gambling man, I think he'd be a, he, he, he, Yeah. I think he Wants that record too. And he's 14. I absolutely, yeah. I, I love how much he hates bad football.


Oh, he hates It's the best. Yeah. He's just disgusted by it. Who was he Talking about? I I, I got flashbacks. Who, who was he talking about? It was something to do with Oh, the Jet. Yeah. He don't like the Jets. No. Yeah, he doesn't, no, He hates the Jet. He Don't like the jets. Yeah. And he's got grudges, which I, which I appreciate. Love This guy comes in, he's been off the field, runs past the quarterback every time, every, you hear, you know what I mean? Yeah. You start. Yeah. Yeah. You're starting to get a little Contained. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. It's good stuff. My last question for you, Jules, I don't know if you've seen maybe my favorite new TV show, but it's the Aaron Hernandez American sports story that they've got on fx.


Have you had the chance to watch it? Because they put you on, you were in the, in the TV show, I don't know if you know, that they, they reenacted one of your scenes where you caught a little pass out in the flat and then ran and got tackled immediately. I think you actually bobbled the pass on the TV show. I Think it's kind of true. Yeah. Do you think you bobbled that one? I hurt Aaron. I I hurt Aaron on that, on that play. I, he, I got rolled up. They, they sniffed it out and they, it was basically like a, we we spread out, it was a stacked position. Threw it out to me like a, a slip screen or something like that. And they read it. It was three on two. So they dove in and he really, you know, I don't think he really blocked or he didn't block anyone.


The guy came in, I fell up on his ankle and I told, I I didn't look that unathletic though. I looked pretty athletic doing it. Like, unlike Well I saw, I saw in the reenactment that they did, you didn't even catch the ball cleanly. You like bobbled it a few times. And then I went back and I watched the real thing. You caught your pass cleanly. I thought that was kind of fucked up that they did that to you. Was It? I see. I I don't even remember if I caught it cleanly. Yeah, I think you did. I think it was a great catch. And and they made you look like a schmuck. Yeah. But yeah, you pro you probably enjoy watching it. They do a great job portraying weer. Wes Welker has a, a very significant part in that show. I Haven't even watched, I've watched a couple of the clips. I watched like, probably the shit you guys post, The Belichick scene was the best. Yeah. The The, that I saw that scene.


I saw that scene. Bon Jovi. Yeah. That if he hasn't got the balls to ask him if he does it yet. I want, he gotta ask him. I don't think he did it. Yeah. But maybe he did. Maybe they had Inside Track. Maybe Belichick was rocking out to Bon Jovi who was in the locker room a bunch, you know? Yeah. Yeah. He's a friend of the organization, bill. And, and the Crafts. Alright, well Jules, thank you. We love you. And we'll talk to you soon. And you're, you keep crushing it. Two podcasts Now. Hey, let's go. Hey man, keep your head up, bubs, keep your head up. Dudes on Dudes. You's on Dudes.


Jules is brought to you by Duke Cannon. Maybe you've seen Duke Cannon products in Target, Walmart, or your local hardware store. If not, let me introduce you. Duke Canon makes a variety of men's grooming goods big as bricks of soap, thick body wash, beard care stuff, colognes and hair wash. They also donate money to veterans each year through the Duke Cannon Veterans Fund. Simply put, they give a damn and their products work hard. They smell terrific. Most of the year. I'm actually, I like their saw tooth thick body wash. It's really good in the fall. Their buffalo tray soaps are amazing. Get a little whiskey in your soap. But during the holiday season, which is pretty much here, I put their big ass lump of coal soap on my wishlist. It's a holiday classic like diehard. Shop now@dukecannon.com. Amazon in Target, or at Walmart. They're everywhere. Go forth. Save up to 20% on Mule Tide, soap bundles and gift sets, the products, the packaging. You won't find better gifts for the men on your list this year. Check 'em out duke cannon.com.


And now here's Bruce Arians. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, recurring guest. It is Coach Bruce Arians, super Bowl champion, coach, legend of the game coach. Great to see you. First of all, we've, we've been friends with you now for Yeah, we were saying like six, seven years. So you are fully retired ish. Ish, ish. How, let's start with that. How is fully retirement ish? Because when we, when we saw you, you still, you still had a Super Bowl to win. Oh yeah. It was, it was still, it was still go time back then, you know. Yeah. And now it's, you know, after, after the first year I went to practice every day, went to the games and had that little incident down in New Orleans where I wasn't on sidelines anymore, but I felt I was around too much.


You know, I had guys looking at me, not Todd and Todd. I gave the team to Todd. It's your team, man, let's go. So I went to the lake the last couple years and I didn't know golf in the fall was so much fun, man. It's pretty cool. Yeah. Do you, do you still watch all the games? You sit sit Down on Sunday? Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I've got all four of 'em on the same time. You know, that's, that's Brien broadcast and I love the game. Yeah. I really do. I hate, hate not being a part of it, but it was time for me to get out. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I know that it was probably a, a tough decision for you because you've been off and on retired. I, I feel like, what, how many times did you walk away from coaching? Like five. Just twice. Just twice. But yeah. Then you felt like twice officially. Yeah. But then I'm sure that there were promises behind the scenes where you're like, I swear, this is my last year, honey.


You know, but so when, when you officially retired, retired, walked away, did you, did you think about coming back one more time this time? No. You know, actually I had a dream the other night and I took a job and I woke up sweating like, what the fuck? It was like a nightmare. My wife said, you had a nightmare. I said, yeah, it was a nightmare. I was coaching again, Jamis just threw another Interception. Yeah. We, we love Jamis. We're we're big fans of Jamis Winston on, on this podcast. I know that as a coach, he probably, you probably loved him at times and other times probably made you wanna pull your hair out. Yeah. I mean, that's the beauty of Jamis. I mean, it's exciting. Yeah. It's one thing. And, and no one works harder, you know, he and I go, well, I had a soul football camp in Birmingham way back when my son and I, and Jamis won the, won the quarterback competition in 10th grade.


Oh wow. So I've known him forever and, and the legend of Jay Boo in Birmingham is, is big, you know? Yeah. So I've always been a fan and it was one of the reasons I kept back in coaching. You know, I love Jason Light. I liked Tampa's situation. I thought, I thought we could win with Jamis. And I think staying with Byron Left, which did with him that first year, 5,100 yards, 33 touchdowns, the 30 interceptions would've come down. But the last two, we had to look behind door number two. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. It was just the last two. Yeah. And, and not knowing behind Door number two is gonna be Tom Brady. Right. You know, or, or, or we're still, we're stuck.


We'll stick with Jamis and make him better. Yeah. Yeah. We're rooting for him whenever he gets in. And I was happy for him this week. An Opportunity. Yeah. And at the end of the game, he had, you know, the, the good Jamis and the Bad Jamis on his last two throws. That's him. But You know what, when, when The Good is Good with Jamis, it's excellent. Oh, it's, there's hardly any better. Yeah. He can make throws. Very few people can make. How was, what was it like when you made the switch from Jamis to Tom Brady where it's like Tom Brady comes in and he's, he's Tom Brady. He's got six Super Bowl rings at the time, and you're the coach. It's your team. But that's a, that's a crazy like amount of, you know, a pull of gravity with Tom Brady in the locker room. Did you feel it when he, when he came? No. 'cause we couldn't be in the locker room. Oh yeah, Its true.


Covid. Yeah. Yeah. Covid hit in in March. And so we don't even, my wife met Tom Brady for the first time on the stage at the Super Bowl. Holy shit. That's how crazy that year was. Wow. Yeah. That was a Crazy year. And, you know, to, to play those games in empty stadiums And we, we pull into Chicago, we pull it to New York, it's night game and there's no energy. Right. It took a long time to get used to that. Yeah. And, but no, so with Tom, it was like, thank God Blaine Blaine would take, they would all go over to the Yankees facility and, and start throwing. And Blaine Gabbard was basically giving him the offense, you know? And, and this is how we do it. And he says, you know, can you run a route different, can you run it like this?


I like it better this way. And I told Blaine, whatever he likes, good. You know, we'll fix it. Yeah. And so we don't, we don't meet till the first day of training camp. Yeah. And no preseason games. And it was such a weird year, Man. Yeah. Yeah. And immediately in training camp did you know, okay, this guy's still got it. Oh, we knew he had it. We broke down every film, every throw he made for the last three years, I didn't see any drop off. Yeah. You know, and so you, he was never, he was extremely mobile inside the pocket, just like Peyton. But he, he would never say Tom's gonna run anywhere. So, you know, that was our offense anyway. You know, just getting him to push it up the field a bit further than he was normally used to.


Yeah. The no risk it no biscuit. He probably enjoyed that though when you said like, Hey, we're gonna, we're gonna start, we're gonna start bombing this thing. It Really didn't, it really came to fruition in the most meaningful game. We we're in Atlanta, we gotta win to get in and we're down 17, nothing halftime. It's like, Hey, Tommy, JPP taking care of the defense right now, he's, he's going off over there. Right. We're throwing the ball down the field every play. Here's the home runs, here's the play actions. We're playing this way till the season's over. He says, I'm in. And we score every time we touch it in the second half and end up winning that game. Get the touchdown in the Green Bay at halftime. We get the touchdown in the Super Bowl at halftime. It's just the way we played.


And, and he embraced it and it was great. Yeah. Yeah. Is there, has there ever been a time when you've had, you've, you've had to hold yourself back and be like, I can't take as many deep shots because I know that you are in love with the deep ball. It's, it's your favorite play. You love, you love bombing deep. You, you select your quarterbacks based on who can get, you know, who can throw the ball down field. Has there been a time where you've had to hold yourself back and be like, I need to change the way that I coach And we can't take shots down field? No. 'cause every shot we take down field is a smart shot. There's a short pass in it. There's an intermediate pass in it. But if we got the match up downtown for, for the 30 order or the touchdown, don't pass it up for that short one. Yeah. All right. But you gotta be smart about it. And, and all the guys that I've had, that's really the no risk at no biscuit part Okay.


Is to read it out. No one is time to throw it up there. And yeah, we, we threw a lot of balls down the field, but they were a lot of times in five step drops, not seven step drops. Yeah. Hey, like going through your career, it's, it's so incredible how many hall of Famers you were around and one guy who's gonna be in the hall of fame, Mike Evans. We don't, we we're on this podcast, we're big on like, hey, people need to talk about Mike Evans more because he is getting into that rarefied air of receiver. Obviously he's hurt right now, but what is it about Mike Evans? Like he's just, every year it's a thousand yards. It's insane. Yeah. My, my man is so consistent. Works great. He's a great worker.


Good. He fantastic human being. He's been the Walter Peyton man the year for the Bucks two or three times. And what he does in the community way out outshines what he does on the field. Yeah. He's just, he's that good. But he's such a unique big man. You know, he is six five, his weight is down, but he can drop his hips and he can get in and outta brakes and, and can make that that long man catch. Yeah. You know, as a quarterback, when you're throwing it to a, to a five, seven guy who circle might be this big and you're throwing to a guy that's six six, that's easy for a quarterback man. You know? Yeah. And especially when we can drop it over shoulder or put it up high on the back shoulder, he can make all those catches.


Yeah. Yeah. I, And we were talking before we started taping here about you recommended a book to me, best assistant coach ever by Tom Moore, legendary, legendary assistant coach. You were an assistant coach for almost all your career until the end. And then you finally got your shot versus interim with the C with the Cols and the Cardinals, and then obviously the Bucks. But you were, you were one of the best assistant coaches in the NFLI feel like for decades. Is there a quality, 'cause we talk about backup quarterbacks and, and what their job is and how they might have a different role than a starting quarterback. But you can be a great backup quarterback with a great assistant coach. Like what, what makes the difference between a guy that can stick around for, you know, 10, 12 years being a great assistant and a guy that's just viewing that job as like a transaction to get to the next level?


Yeah, I, I think Coach Bryant gave me a great advice way, way back. You know, you get a job, you want a better job, you work your ass off at this job to get a better job until you get that job you're looking for, then you work your ass twice as hard to keep it, you know, and for me, I didn't really think I'd ever be a head coach. You know, after Super Bowl 43 Steelers offensive coordinator, we go down the field, two minute drive and win a game. I didn't get one phone call. That's Crazy. Yeah. Every other offensive coordinator for the Steelers got a head coaching job after that. And so it's like, it's not in the cards. And you know, it took Chuck getting sick, which is a shame that I got a chance.


And I never ever allowed myself to be called the head coach. Chuck was always the head coach. And what that team did, if you put that team on paper, you'd say they win two games. Rookie quarterback, two rookie tight ends, rookie receivers, rookie running back, rookie left tackle. All right. And guys coming off the street playing defense. And they went 11 because they had a cause and that cause was Chuck. Yeah. You know, And we rallied, we never said 1, 2, 3 win. It was always 1, 2, 3, Chuck. Yeah. You know, and so I always thought if you gave professional athletes a real cause to play for sky's the limit.


Yeah. So w why, why weren't you getting calls until that point? I don't know. I, I did all the interviews. I maybe a little too outspoken. Was That it? You know, you, like, when you would do an interview, would you, would you always hit a moment where you, you say you, you p you speak your mind and you're like, oh shit, that probably went bad. I never had one, but I would have Oh, you okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I obviously I did the, I did the NFL films, I mean the NFL network thing they do for prospective head coaches. And basically, I'm not gonna tell you what you want to hear, I'm gonna tell you the truth. Right. You know, the truth hurts sometimes, but you're gonna get the truth every time. That was your problem. That's what happened with the Bears where Maybe well, yeah, I, I was sitting in the room waiting to get the call. I thought I had the job I did too.


You know, and I think were a couple different things that were involved in that one. Yeah. Is There a fake press conference involved? Yeah. Is that what they Wanted to do? And we did a whole, we did a whole press conference. Yeah. There was like 20 or 30 of their people out there. And you know, I had gotten sick the week of the Baltimore game with Vertigo outta nowhere. I think it was the stress of the season to tell you the truth, because I never had it since. And guy kept harping on it. I said like, man, I'm fucking fine. Yeah. I'm good. You know, so it's like, had a long meeting with Jay Cutler that day, and I had a real long meeting with Rod and Marelli and, you know, rod, they kept saying Rod was staying.


And I said, no, Todd Bose is gonna be the defensive coordinator. And I think that was the ah, deciding factor. Yeah. And Rod told me I'm not staying. Yeah. You know, so Yeah. That's, and it's, some organizations don't, they're just kind of getting their own way with those type of things where it's like, Yeah, they had that, had that defense for a long time. Wanna stay with it. Yeah. And Yeah. And they just don't, they can't line things up correctly. So, I, I I wanna go back your, your relationship with, with Bear Bryant. How did you get Alabama to come to Temple? Because Te Alabama played a game at Temple. Yeah. When you were the coach. That's crazy. Alabama doesn't go to Temple. Yeah. So what, what happened to get that to happen?


And did w like were fan, did fans show up? We had about 38,000, 30,000 Alabama fans. Okay. And our, our, our normal, our normal 8,000 Temple fans, you know, and it was the opener and they were good too. I mean, bill Curry was the head coach, I believe then. And, but yeah, it was, you know, when when, when I took the job, I, I, I talked to the assistant athletic director and he said, look, we'll come down there twice. You come to us once and coach this. Right before Coach passed away. He said, let's do it, you know? And so it was, it was a big moment. 'cause we, we had scheduled Nebraska, Tennessee, I'd tried to copy everything that Miami did with Howard Schulenberg being inner city school.


Try to try to get the local talent and go play the best and get on television. Yeah. You know, and, and it, it kind of worked for us. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I just, it's just so funny thinking of Alabama playing at Temple, All that hounds tooth in Philadelphia showing up for a Road trip. Yeah. It's just a wild thing. That'd be a good one. And then I think a lot of people might not realize this, but I think you're still the all time leading touchdown score for quarterbacks at Virginia Tech. Is That right? Yeah. That you can win a lot of money with that Back. You got a lot of money. I think everybody would, I think it would go Michael Vick, Marcus Vick, maybe Logan Thomas, Tyro Taylor Tyro Taylor, but no, Jim Druckenmiller and a bunch of them. But it's Bruce s and yeah.


People forget about that. So how did you realize that you wanted to get into coaching after, you know, you were a pretty accomplished college quarterback? I was a good Scout team quarterback Don STR was accomplished. You know, you talk about backup quarterbacks, man, my man is probably the best it's ever been. Backed Don up for a couple years. And then, you know, we switched coaches and went to the Wishbone. That was kind of found my offense, you know, we were Dan Henning passing team and leading the nation in passing. And Coach Sharp came in from Alabama And we put in the Wishbone. I had actually was gonna graduate and applied for two junior high jobs. I didn't get either one or I'd done never gone back. Oh Wow.


That's crazy. Yeah. And then, and then met the new coach mean we hit it off and he really jumpstarted my career. Yeah. He started me coaching. He got me to Alabama with Coach Bryant. Those his last two years. And Jimmy Sharp. I owe everything to Jimmy Sharp, one of one of the greatest coaches I've ever known. What was the, what was the madness of Pate Manning ever was at you? Would he get mad At you? No. No. Peyton Peyton. Peyton was as even keeled as a player. Yeah. You know, now if he was gonna get mad, it is because I didn't have enough film. I didn't have meeting time ready for him. You know, I, if it was, if we had 45 minutes, I scheduled two hours worth.


Yeah. Now, the other two poor, some bitches couldn't take notes that fast. You know, poor Kelly, Kelly Holcomb's, like, man, I can't write that damn fast. Peyton just, he's writing everything down. You know, he had books and come books of, of notes and, but yeah, I, I, I had a lot of fun doing the Manning cast last year and Eli said, do you rather be introduced as Super Bowl 55 winning head coach or the quarterback coach who led Peyton Manning 28 interceptions as rookie year. I said, I'm gonna take those 28, man. Yeah. Because I saw us get better and they all got raced erased. And, And we went 13 three the next year that, That Peyton Manning season screws up everyone else. Yeah. 'cause they always point to it. And they're like, well, Peyton Manning through 28 interceptions. It's like, but he's Peyton Manning.


And you said it, I mean, like, you got better every single week. I think 18 to 20 were in the first eight to 10 games. Yeah. And then as we went through the division again, it, they, they were disappearing. Yeah. And it's like, yeah, we're three and 13, but man, we're, it's fun to go to practice every day. 'cause we saw ourselves getting better every single week, you know? Yeah. And in, in today's NFLI feel like if a, a quarterback goes up there, I mean, hell, we've seen a couple guys that, that in their first couple seasons, you just say, okay, I can't do it with this guy. He makes too many mistakes. There was too many turnovers, but 28 interceptions in a rookie season, if that happened now I feel like people would be calling for him to be benched before He got he be he'd hed be benched after 15. Yeah. They don't give him the chance to learn.


So, so how did you buy time? How did you, how did you convince people like, Hey, Peyton's on the right track. He's he's gonna work through this. The talent's there, we just gotta give him some time to work it Out. We give all the credit to the two leaders. We had two of the best leaders of in, in all of football. We had Bill Poey and a general manager and Jim Moore's head coach. You know, and they don't, it doesn't get any better than those two. And, and they were a great pair together. So it was just, this is who we are, this is what we're gonna do. And, and the, the fans were coming, you know, it wasn't like the fans were like, booing us or getting us out. They saw us getting better and better and, and, and the hope, the hope was already there. Yeah. Yeah. And, and it came to fruition like that the next year. Yeah. So is there any quarterback I, I guess I'm thinking in particular of Bryce Young and Anthony Richardson, two guys that their, their teams have kind of said, okay, I, we can't win with these guys right now.


We need to be able to compete with the backups. Do you see anything from those players that, that would make you as an offensive coach, say, I there might be something that, Oh, I saw Bryce win the national championship with, with maybe better players than he is playing with now. Yeah. You know, when you look at the receivers he had at Alabama. Yeah. You know, he can do it. He's shown he can do it in the right system. His stature scared me. 'cause when you start doing comparables, which I did for 27 years, I'd always break down all the quarterbacks. And, you know, I wouldn't say he's like this guy, but his measurables were like this guy.


Yeah. All right. There weren't any braces. There weren't any Johnny Manzes at that size and stature that made it in the NFL. Doug Flute took years in Canada to get there. Yeah. You know, so Anthony, I think the Colts got caught up in what happened with Jalen Hurtz in Philly. They hired Shane. They're gonna copy that. But Anthony's stats didn't match. Right. His ability and, and all, all ability doesn't make a quarterback. Now. You gotta be, you gotta win two minute, third down. I don't give a shit how fast you run.


How high you jump. You know, cam, in his young years, could, he could win two minute third down till he got all broken up from running. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and his arm was gone. But if, if you can't show me that you can do that in college, that to me, you're not a quarterback, you're an athlete. And athletes play in college. Yeah. And, and, and they spread the field and they just tear people up. Yeah. But he didn't exactly tear people up in college. Yeah. You know, it was just combine superstar. Yeah. It's Like when he was in college, you saw a lot of the same things that you see in the NFL where it's like, this guy, he's got all the tools. This guy got the flashes great Quarterback, he Right. But it's not the consistency, it's like mental processing.


He has the arm strength, he has the leg speed. But that's not how you play quarterback. Yeah. The two muscles you play quarterback with are your heart and your brain. I like that. I like that a Lot. So, so do you think like the colts, what, what do you think the future is? 'cause it in terms of like benching a guy after he is what started eight games or something like that. That's gotta be a confidence thing now where you're taking that away and, and like, can you go back to him? Are you giving up on him? How does that work? I Don't think you can give up. You got too much invested already. It's just a matter of let's get to the Playoffs this year and let's continue to grow him. You know, maybe he can learn some more, give him some snaps in practice, maybe give him a package to play in a game.


But you gotta ride with Joe right now to get you to the playoffs. Yeah. If you get in the Playoffs, all bets are off, man. You can win the Super Bowl. Yeah. Anything can happen. You know, I've been six C to two different places. Went on the road and won 'em all and, and got the ring. So anything can happen. You just gotta get there. Yeah. And Joe gives them probably the best chance to get there right now. And that's gonna save the locker room. 'cause players all wanna go to the playoffs. Yeah. Yeah. So I asked about Peyton, what about Ben? Was he ever, was there ever a moment where he was really pissed at you A bunch? Yeah. What would he get mad about? Oh, the way I was cussing out the receivers, man, you ever talk to me like that? I said, why would I talk to you like that? These are, these are the receivers, man. You're the quarterback. Yeah. All right. So when, when I first took over as coordinator, we'd play golf and we'd have that conversation like, Hey man, you gonna yell at me like you, you yell at those guys?


I said, don't make me. I don't think you're gonna make me. Yeah. And so we've always had a a great, he always loves telling the story. I'd always chew out the backup quarterback for the starter. Like Drew Stanton, he can tell the stories. Charlie Batz, Byron Leftwich. And I had my hand on the button, not knowingly to Ben. I was like, Charlie, what the fuck is he thinking? Man, can you get his ass straight? Okay, Ben, here's what we're gonna do, buddy. He loves telling that story. He's like, really? You got your hand on the button, dude, I can hear you Andrew. Luck tells the exact same story. So So you would do it through the backup quarterback? Oh, he rip the backup quarterback's ass all the time.


Yeah, No. Like, you gotta filter, filter built in. It's like, so Drew, Drew Stanton finally went, I got it, man. I got it. I got, I got him To play backup quarterback for Bruce Arians. You have to be able to translate Bruce Arians to the starting quarterback. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. And have like a cool demeanor to You. Yeah. Blaine, Gabert, drew Stanton, those Charlie Batch, Byron left. Those are all those kind of guys, man. Yeah. So I, I know that when, when Tom was up in New England, he got famously kind of tired of, of being rubbed the wrong way by the coaching staff or treated differently by the coaching staff up there. When Tom came down to Tampa, did you have to treat him differently from the other players? 'cause he's Tom Brady and he's got all the Super Bowl rings already. Or did you make a point to say, I'm gonna cuss him out in the meetings just like I cuss everybody else out?


Yeah. I mean, he knew me. He'd already done his homework. He talked to Ben, he talked to Peyton and they're good friends. And so it's like, Tommy, this is, this is how we do it. Alright. Tell me how you see the game. You know, without, without spring that year it was so hard to get a feel for how he saw the game. You know, we couldn't, we couldn't have those meetings and, and, and go through the game film and, and practice film and, and see it. We were, we were in such a crash course of how I saw the game, which was totally different than the way he saw the game. And as we were going along through the season, we started seeing it the same way. And, and Byron Lewi did an unbelievable job with our offense that year being the middleman.


Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So what, was there a game or a moment that you were like, oh, this is now we're, we're now lock step. We got this. Yeah, it was halftime of, of Falcon's game. I think we're seven and five. We gotta have it. We're down 17 zip and that was it, bro. We're cutting it loose from here on out. Yeah. You know, no more, no more check downs baby. We're going down to, we gotta score every time we touch it. And, and that's kind of way we played it all the way through the Super Bowl. Yeah. I know that you have a deep hatred for prevent defense. It's bad defense, it's bad. And I, I wanna, I wanna give you permission to maybe educate us, maybe talk to us maybe over our heads a little bit, but get it as detailed as you want on why you hate prevent defense so much.


Well, first of all, it's, it is normally zone and a really good quarterback will pick zone apart. And if you're only rush in three Alright. I don't care how many zones you think you have covered, he's got the answers. Right. He got the answer to that test. Yeah. If, if, if the great quarterbacks know what you're you're doing, you're done. You know, we go back to Pittsburgh, Cleveland, we talked earlier, we got 17 point lead in the playoffs. Kelly Holcomb is playing lights out And we decided to play prevent defense from the middle of the third quarter on and blow a 17 point lead to Tommy Maddox who will light you apart without a pass rush.


And they came back and beat us. And I've always no risk at no biscuit for me goes to defense too. Yeah. When I was the head coach at Temple game got tight, I only knew one call all BLS cover zero go sick 'em. Yeah. And I'd get on them. No coach, we, I don't give a shit. If we go down, we're going down with the guns blazing baby. And that's how we play. I love That. So for you it's more about the, the overall philosophy, the overall mentality. Yeah. I mean I, I looked at Detroit Blitz, the Hail Mary the other day. Sack 'em. Yep. All right. It's a great play. Still had a bunch, bunch of guys back there, but go ahead and get the pressure on them and I see Chicago and Washington do the exact opposite and give them a chance at that damn play, you know?


Yeah, Yeah. The ultimate Yeah. I mean even the play before that. Yes. The ultimate proven defense. You go ahead. You take these 14 yards Yeah. Have at it. Yeah. You're just preventing yourself from winning, That's all. It's basically you, you're giving them a chance. Yes. Yeah. So the, the back to the Anthony Richardson, Bryce Young thing, there's been a big discussion especially this week that like the NFL is now failing quarterbacks and guys are not getting enough time and that maybe the college game has affected guys like development. Do you see that at all or is it just, I think it's simply there's some guys that can now play till their thirties, late thirties, and there's only 32 spots. And guess what, it's a really, really hard thing to break into.


Totally. Sports science has changed it, you know, guys are playing 40, 45 years old and there's no drop off. Right. Because of the sports science we have now. And, but I think more guys are coming outta college as passers than ever before because of high school seven on sevens and seven on sevens around the, the a a u and everything that we have in the passing game from 10th grade on, you know. Yeah. So the passers are there now are we developing them mentally alright. To, to read a whole defense or just, is it half field shit and one, two run too much run, two run. Yeah. You know, because they're putting the best athletes back there.


Yeah. And so it's like one, two to take off. Well that, that does win in college. I'm not against that, but Yeah. It doesn't necessarily win in the NFL. Yeah. You gotta win from the pocket. Like IE Lamar, it's saying like, oh yeah, Lamar Jack, Lamar Jackson is beat you from the one of one unicorn and he can beat you with his arm too. Lamar can spin it coming outta college. Right. It was a little bit raw, but when I look at him and Michael Vick, I thought he spun it more accurately than Mike did coming out. Now Mike got better Lamar's Lamar's there now. Yeah. And Todd Kins done a great job with, with that offense and Yeah. And his development of his pocket passer. It's just pick your poison man. You gonna, you gonna let him throw those zone plays and or you're gonna bump out there and let him take off up the middle.


Right. Yeah. Because he's gonna gain more up the middle than you let him throw that little screen pass out there. Yeah. And it's just, I mean, it's hard. Like you can't replicate Lamar Jackson. That's, that's The other thing. No. And then now if you rock the coverage, they do so many good things offensively, but now you, you got a number one player back there, you know, they got a, a number one pick back there that they used they didn't used to have. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm thinking about what's going on in San Francisco a lot because Brock Purdy kind of came outta nowhere, Mr. Relevant, we all watched him in college, seemed like a different player. Honestly, since he's gotten to the NFL, he's improved quite a bit. But they're gonna have to make a, a decision out there on how much you're gonna pay Brock Purdy. And to me, I think if you take away the fact of, you know, him being drafted so late, if you just look at how he's played since he's been in the NFL, I think that you have to, you have to treat the guy like he's a top 10 quarterback.


You have to pay him, you know, big, big dollars. And you, those Brock Purdy don't necessarily grow on trees, but from your eye while you're watching him play, what is it about Brock that makes him stand out from every other quarterback that might not have, you know, maybe they've got the same kind of generic type measurables come outta college, but there's something different about Brock that that lets him excel at the NFL level. I I think he's always had what I call grit. Yeah. You know, he's a winner and he wanted Iowa State not surrounded by great talent, but good, you know, you know Bryce Hall and, and some of those guys. And, but so when he gets in the right system, which he's in the perfect system for him, and I don't think he's a system quarterback, but not necessarily could he play in other offenses that push it way down the field.


He's in the perfect thing with Kyle who's gonna run the ball. Well have play action, keep it between the numbers. Is he $300 million quarterback? I can't answer that one Because then it takes away some of the other pieces. Yeah. Yeah. And it does seem like he's, he, he's the perfect quarterback for that system. And the system is perfect for a quarterback just like him. So it's almost like they need each other at the same level. Right. It's a, it's a great marriage. Now how much do you have to ransom the farm to keep the guys around him? Yeah. Yeah. Are the guys around him as helping him as much be good or is he good on his own?


Right. Yeah. Is there any quarterback in the league right now that you look at and you're like, I would like to coach that guy? Oh, there's probably 10. Yeah. I mean, I, the, the, this young group that came has come out in the last five or six years. I, I, I would've loved to have coached, you know, I love Baker. I mean he, he's my kind of guy too and you know, but Justin Herbert, Patrick Mahomes, Josh Allen, you can go on and on. Yeah. Lamar, I mean your imagination can go run wild when you have a guy that can do a couple things. He can beat you from the pocket, but he is also lethal. Running a ball now. Not gonna put him, if you put him in harm's way too much.


Harm's coming. You know, so you gotta be very, very measurable on how much harm's way you put him in. Yeah. Yeah. We have Steven Cha diehard Bucks fan in the booth. I think you've met him. You know Steven, Steven, I told Steven to come in here 'cause he, I I was like, Hey, if you have a couple questions for coach, and I'm sure he does. So Steven, go ahead. You're, this is your Super Bowl winning head coach right here. Yeah. Thank you for the sweatshirt. I'm rocking the Super Bowl 55 championship Merch right now. There you go baby. Of course. So you're involved in as the head coach, obviously you're involved a lot in the draft and you fall in love with certain guys 2020 draft. You know, they just brought in Tom Brady, you're building up the team. Great draft Tristan Ws Anto 20 Phil guys that have been paid at the top of their position.


But there are guys that you fall in love with too. I know you wanted Antonio Gibson. Yeah. The third route. What do you do when, when your guy and you got taken I think like 10 picks before we were on the clock And we ended up picking a running back. What happens when your guy gets taken off? How do you pivot? Personally, I always get pissed. I walk outta the room, you know, come back in with, with a, you know, a couple picks on our pick And we, we've got five guys usually there every time that, that they've slotted that are gonna be around that pick. You never draft for a need, but if, if above those five is a need that, that trumps everything and Jason Light does and John Spy, those guys do an unbelievable job.


Yeah. I did want Antonio. 'cause I thought he was the next David Johnson and David was a unique guy 'cause he played receiver before he was a running back and you could do things outta the backfill with him and get great matchups. And I thought Antonio Gibson did the same thing at Memphis. Could get matchups on safeties and linebackers. That would be uncomfortable. You know? So those guys are so hard to find. You know, Washington took him and, you know, I I I still love, I don't think, I don't think Jason's missed a draft since I've been a part of it. Yeah, yeah. He's a great guy too. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, Devin White was no bust.


Devin, just, Steven Cha cried when you guys drafted Devon White did not cry. He was upset, not cry. He was like a linebacker at five. He cried, He literally cried. But I mean, credit to Jason said they pulled out the NFL's leading Sacker off the, you know, got him for 4 million bucks. Shaq Garrett Shaq. Yep. You, you mentioned door number two earlier with the 2023 agent class Operation Shoeless, Joe Jackson was the pursuit of getting Tom Brady. Whoa. Wait, That it had like a CIA name to it. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Did you have Like dossiers and folders Cases Off in a park? It was from Field of Dreams that if you build it, they will come. Like if you build up the team, then to Brady of course come Tom Brady's gonna make the logical decision to come to a good team.


So how long did you have Operation Shoeless Joe Jackson in place? Like did you make decisions a year before Tom Brady that we're gonna build Tom Brady's dream team? Oh no, no. We're building our own dream team And we thought, we thought Jamis was the guy, you know, and, and not ever thinking Tom would ever become a free agent. If you think that year, I think Philip Rivers was a free agent. Tom was a free agent. Somebody else who had a Teddy, Bridgewater Teddy, yeah. We're all available and it's say, Hmm, would we stick with Jamis? Yeah. Tom, Tom Brady. No. Yeah. You know, and, and that was a hard decision. But I mean, but Tom had done his homework. He knew as much about us as we knew about him for sure. Yeah.


Okay, so go ahead, keep going. What was plan B? Like if Tom didn't come? Is there a world where Jamis gets sick and they run it back or Jamis was our guy. Yeah. Yeah. We, we knew we were gonna make him better. You know, we could improve on the 33 touchdowns easily And we had to improve on the 30 interceptions And we can just cut 'em in half, you know, especially the early ones. The defense, we were gonna build the defense. Yeah. We felt like we could win with him. And did you get upset at all when you found out that he got LASIK after he left the team? Good Question. No, but I loved his comment. He said, I didn't know Bruce was, I thought he was black.


That's q smooth, right? That's it. Yeah. That's awesome. That's a good question. Steve, have you Got another one? I I got one final one. Okay. You, I don't know if you're the originator of it, but kind of the CEO coaching style where you're the coach, but you put a ton on your coordinators now. We see a lot of very hot in the streets coordinators get hired and sometimes they get a little bit underwater. What do you think the biggest mistake current owners are having in GMs and hiring coaches and, and what the importance of that head guy is? Yeah, I I think if they're hiring a coordinator to be a coordinator, that's a mistake.


You're not hiring the guy to be the head coach. Now if he continues to be the coordinator, it's okay. Now, if he hasn't been the coordinator and you're hiring to be the head coach and the coordinator, you're asking him to do two jobs, he's never done. That's a lot. I don't see those guys being as successful. Yeah. You know, I always called the plays until Byron was ready. Then I handed it all over to Byron, you know, and, and I coming back to Tampa, coming back into coaching. The Glaser family wanted me to call the plays. I'm like, look, I got a guy. He's ready more than ready. I'm gonna be right there next to him.


We'll be good. And, and they, and they, they went along with it, which was great. And it, it's just a cry. And Shane Byron's not calling plays for somebody right now 'cause he's, he's the best I've ever been around. And but it, at that time there were only three guys calling plays as head coaches. You know, Andy's always done it. I always did it. John Gruden did it. McVay might do it, Sean's doing it. Sean w kind, the young guy that started doing it, Kyle does it, you know. Yeah. But that, that young group of guys is, is starting to do it. Yeah. Yeah. I I I don't know how, I don't know how you do it when you're like, you're trying to coach a whole football team and you also got a call the Next day. That, that was one of the things I I'd gotten from Arizona, you know, and this goes even back to Temple.


John Devlin we're kind, he's my assistant head coach at Temple and, and we're walking off the field and he said, coach, can we ever end practice where the defense wins? I went, what do you mean? He said, we practice an extra half an hour today just till the offense won. Yeah. And it's like every day I say, oh shit. Yeah, you're right. And, and that was a play calling offensive coordinator head coach. And we weren't leaving the field till the offense won. And part of that went on in Arizona a little bit. And I'm like catching myself and, and I, I had Tom Moore and Tom Pratt on my staff, Tom Moore great book out right now, one of the, one of the best reads I've ever had.


And Tom Pratt coach in Super Bowl one, he coached Buck Buchanan and Curly Col every night they would come up to the suite and we'd have cocktails and, and, and go over what they thought, what they saw, how they felt we were doing. And I leaned on him. Yeah. You know, and, and I had, I had learned that word delegate, which was really hard. You know, I was 30, 30 years old at Temple as the head coach. I, I did everything and I went in the hospital like three times a week by the fifth year. Yeah. And it was like, I never learned how to delegate. Right. And when Chuck got sick, didn't have time to do anything, but just do your damn job guys. I'll decide if we go for it on the fourth down and I'll give a shitty speech on Saturday night.


Yeah. You know, that's it. Yeah, yeah. If you delegate to the right people. Yeah. And then everybody in charge of everybody did their job. Right. You know, and everybody had their hand in it and it was like, Chuck's the head coach, nus, you do your thing. And, and, and, And we win 11 games with that team. Yeah. I got, I got two last questions for you coach and appreciate this has been awesome to talk to you again. First of all, the first time we spoke, it was right as your book came out and the story about you drinking paint as a child to make your bones stronger, made a song and just come out. We made a song about it Called drink paint. Yeah. Have you ever gotten the urge, have you ever walked down like the aisle in Sherwin Williams or Home Depot and took a look at some of maybe the, the light green mint chocolate chip colored paint?


That was one of the ones I had. Yeah. It's, It's a delicious looking color of paint and looked at it and thought to yourself, maybe I'll just, what harm could one more sip do? No, no. I think part of this thing up here is that lead that was in that paint. Yeah. It Got you a Little crazy that no risk and no biscuit stuff. It might have came from that paint. You know, you pushed it, it was high, it was high lead baby. You Pushed the limits of no risk and no biscuit when you're Drinking paint. Yeah. And then the other thing I, since you've coached so many great quarterbacks over the years, if you were to take, like, if you were to break 'em down by like brain, heart, guts, arms, legs, how would you build the ultimate like Frankenstein Bruce Arians quarterback?


Yeah. Very fortunate. When with Abey Peyton and Tom and Ben Carson, Andrew Timmy couch, Kelly Holcomb. The guys that I've had, if I was gonna build all of them into one, One guy Yeah. It'd be Andrew Luck. Oh. So it's just all Andrew luck. Yeah. 'cause he had everything that they all had, you know, he had a photographic memory. He was as athletic stuff was off the charts, same as Cam Newton's. His, his recall was like Ben and Tom. His preparation was like Ben and Tom and Ben, Tom and Peyton. If there was one guy in a big game, I'm taking Ben 'cause I've been in the big game with Ben.


You know, I never had a chance to get into the big game with, with Andrew. But yeah, they're all great. I mean now they're all pissed 'cause I didn't pick one of them. I I liked your answer though. That was an ultimate like zigzag saying it's just Andrew luck. He was that good at everything. Yeah, It was, he was amazing. But he took maybe the worst roster I've ever seen and won 11 games. Yeah. And seven of 'em in the last minute. Two minutes. Damn. Hmm. Yeah. Alright, well coach, I got one last question.


Rollback question. R-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts, great golf gear. And that's my last question. How is the golf game? What's the handicap?


I'm back to a six. Oh and damn. Yeah, I've shot age three times now. Okay. And actually he's shot at 72 the day before my birthday, but I'm counting it. Yep. Yeah. You know, I, I asked somebody at old, old doctor friend of mine, I said, Hey, does this, he's whenever your, your mother was pregnant, it counts all the way back to then. So, so I sat 71 twice in 72 once now. Oh wow. And So that's pretty Good. That's, that's crazy. So you're, you're doing everything out there you gotta be able to do. You gotta be able to drive, you gotta be able to have a nice approach game and good ping. Yeah. I mean, when I tore my Achilles that last year coaching, it ruined my golf game. I mean, I couldn't hit it 160 yards and I almost quit. And then it's like I never had it fixed 'cause it's not, it's non fixable and it's like I either trusted or quit playing.


So I started pushing off of it and start playing, hitting it a lot further. And this year I found a little more speed somehow. And so I'm hitting my driver pretty solid. So Wait, wait. So you still have a torn Achilles? Yeah, I've got like 6% strand. Oh my god. That I didn't know that that was possible. You said that they couldn't fix it. No, it's, it had to be a cadaver, mine's rotten. Wait, so does it hurt? It'll get sore every now and then, but no, I just, if I go down steps I can't catch myself. But yeah, That's, that's pretty as Fuck. Holy shit. You're just walking around That, that whole season. I was these they, these orthotic high heels after like game five I actually tore running in the pool. Oh yeah. It never felt it anything.


It just swelled up. And I think it was a burn spur that cut it up. But they said it so bad it have to do a cadaver. I said that's eight months in a boot. You don't know my wife, she ain't driving me for eight months. Yeah. You know her. Yeah. That ain't happening bro. Yeah, that's not happening. Well that's an incredible golf game and very gritty to kill. Torn Achilles just going around. Well coach, thank you as always, always great to have you come Around. Oh man. Thank you guys, bro, You're the best. And yeah, good luck on the, the rest of the fall golf season. You got it.


Welcome Back to another Fire fest of the week, brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. You know, it really sucks not having a great Halloween costume. You know what else really sucks getting injured, but you know it doesn't suck. Calling Morgan and Morgan so they can help you get what you deserve. While they can't help Hank be able to dunk, while they can't help Max stop getting invited to so many weddings, they can help to get you full and fair compensation when you're injured. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone.


Okay, let's wrap up. Fire Fest of the week. I'll start. I hate Mondays. Yeah, Get it. I get it. You remember that one Garfield? Where? Where John drank OIE come. What? Yeah, They, they went to like a, a vet and John had OIE and they had a nurse and he was like, there was a cup of coffee that was like on the table and he drank a sip of it and he's like, don't mind if I do. And the nurse was like, that's Garfield's cu, that's Cat cum. That's Odys CU or Dog's cu. It Was Dog cu. Yeah, Dog cu by the way, for the people who are listening to the podcast, not watching the podcast, we are all dressed in our Halloween costumes. That's why I started with, I hate Monday.


I'm dressed as Garfield. You are Miley Cyrus. I'm Miley Cyrus. Hank You are Shaggy. Do Sha Shaggy. Do we got Marty McFly? We got Mario. We got what are you Max? I would be Frank Cushman from the film. Jerry McGuire the lead of that movie actually. Oh, the lead. The lead. The lead. I thought The lead was Tom Cruise. No, that would be Jerry O'Connell actually this Role. Okay. From Kangaroo Jack. From From Kangaroo Jack. Correct. Oh, he's Kangaroo Jack. He's The guy that used to be an actor. Yes. Okay. Used to be correct. But he is the lead in this movie and I am Frank Cushman. Got it. Bing Bong. And then Memes. Memes is a state puff guy.


State puff man, I don't think memes can hear it now. He's the Michelin man. He is state puffed. I can't see all the way back there. Yeah, I'm the thing from Ghostbusters and I can't, I can't see fucking shit. Alright. Fire fest. Hank My fire fest is I am addicted to TikTok shop. Oh yeah. I didn't realize the rabbit hole that you could go down and obviously the algorithm that it feeds you once you get something. But I saw after like I finally did the purge of all my clothes and I got rid of probably 70%. And so I've been in the process of buying new stuff and I saw some sweatpants.


They were like 10 cents. What? You bought 10 cents sweatpants. You buy 10 cent sweatpants on TikTok show. They were legitimately like a dollar. So I ordered like five pairs. Are they good? They're That bad. They gotta be trash. They're not that bad. Get what you pay for Hank. I would prefer to spend way more than 10 if I, me too. I saw sweat. Oh these are nice. I look into 'em and I clicked into it was like they're so cheap that I had no choice but to at least see That's crazy. What's what's different about these sweatpants? They're pretty normal sweatpants. Like they're not, they don't like, obviously they're super cheap. It's not the highest quality, but they're, they're pretty solid. So yeah, the, the whole marketing is like, these are the cheapest sweatpants you can possibly buy So cheap that you're basically like, why? It's only $10 so why not?


Yeah. What's the catch? That's The catch. That's why that's that's the catch. That's The catch. They're gonna suck. And now they just feed. Like now I'm just getting, Oh, I have that on Instagram. I'm just, I I get fed every single like thing I've ever bought in a different variation and just keep rebuying it over and over. They're good. Hey Zuckerberg, Elon, whoever the fuck. China. China. You're good. You're good. Darius Rucker, You're good. You're good. The algorithms down Pat, you're good. Miley, what's your fire fest of the week? My fire fest. I'm trying to make sure my nipples don't slip out so it doesn't mess up the YouTube so quick. Which one? Which Oh yeah, four. I do have four.


I think these two at the bottom might be covered by the desk. I gave just quick update on the card situation. Oh, from Wednesday. The Guy who's gonna be cool. The Guy that's, he's been cool about it so far. So I haven't, there's been no more charges on my card. Okay. Since I told him you be cool, I'll be cool about it. But I had a bunch of people online reach out to me yesterday and, and tell me that I may have accidentally given that guy permission and ruined any chance that I would have of recouping, recouping any fraudulent spending. Like their lawyers, if they heard that podcast, they would be like, well technically this bank doesn't need to refund PFT because he gave permission. No, that's Not true.


Those people, whoever, whoever hits you up is wrong because you specifically said be cool. Yeah, I think so. If he goes and buys a car, that's not cool. Not Cool. Not Cool. Right. And that's against the law. If you go out to a bar and you get like $50 worth of beers, that's cool. Right. You go to Hooters. Very cool, cool. Like you can do that but the guy has not done anything not cool yet. So I think that it might have worked. Has he Done More? No. Oh, okay. It's been, it's been quiet so I think it's probably gonna be a big Is there a chance you just ordered it? Pizza Hut in Georgia? In Georgia. I don't, it wouldn't Be the weirdest thing to get. I mean you Order from my shopping. Yeah you order from everywhere. I accidentally had had Uber Eats de delivered to an unknown apartment in Georgia. So, but I might, I might've signed away my rights in terms of recouping any money that he spends.


If there's like a big purchase. No. 'cause that's not cool. Is There a way that I can limit my, my credit card like limit to $50 a day? I don't know Because if I did that then I would make sure that he was being cool with me. Yeah, you would have a restriction on his school, you'd Be really cool. My other fire fest of the week is just that the election's coming up and everybody's pissed off and everything sucks and next Tuesday's gonna suck and then next Wednesday's definitely gonna suck no matter who wins. Yeah. And There's, there's gonna be just Weeks. Everyone's gonna be some suck. Everyone's gonna be shitty. It's probably gonna suck for another couple months. Might suck for another four years. Just in general of people being pissed off about stuff. I'm so ready for it to be over. Yeah, me too. Everyone's just on edge and it's just like, just chill out man. All the commercials on tv.


Yeah, those suck. Everything sucks. Give us back the commercials, Everything. That's why I'm so very much looking forward to games like Falcons Cowboys and Yes, It's a brief, Brief window into not sucking Ohio State, Penn State. Hank gonna be a good game. Max do you have a prediction on that game? I don't know. Big noon kickoff has ruined college football though. I don't like big noon kickoff. I agree. I agree. I agree. Why Is that game at 11:00 AM You have to ease yourself into the day That it's too, it's too good of a game that Early. Agreed. They gotta bring the white out energy. Why don't they just do a white out? Imagine that at night. 'cause of, Because it's, they can't go do it at night. Why? What do you mean Fox won't let 'em play at night? No. Why don't they just do a white out during the day?


You, that doesn't work. You can't, Why not white out? You never tried it during day. You've never tried it. Can't do it. Why now with that attitude you Don't, you don't think the white would pop. You could do a stripe out. They do stripe outs too. Stripe outs aren't, aren't the same though. What's a stripe out? Is that each section? Each section. One wears white, one wears blue. That's Michigan. Was that last year? I Do. I do the stripe out. That would be a good time to do it. I do like college football Saturday around Halloween. 'cause it's just a lot of drunk kids just dressed up. Yeah. Like sad fans And Halloween costumes are the best. I don't really have a fire fest. My fire fest I guess is just that Halloween is one of my favorite holidays when you have little kids, but not really shocking. I told my son and daughter last night, I was like, Hey, it's Halloween tomorrow.


Let's let's try to stay in our rooms till till mommy and daddy wake up. But there's no such thing as Santa Claus for Halloween. 5 45. Yeah, they're ready to get in their costumes. You Can't scare them with the, the Santa cla will give you good toys. Yeah. You can't even say I'm gonna cancel Halloween. 'cause it's such a, that's such a lie. Like Halloween is the best. So, but yeah, going like, just watching my kids go to school and they're like, I dropped off my son. He was dressed as Mario. It's fucking best. He was so pumped to put on the Mario. He was, he didn't wanna put on the mustache 'cause he didn't want the sticky tape to, to go out during the day. So we're saving it for trick or treating. But he was just so pumped. Did you guys watch You guys watch a movie? Or is that movie aged kids appropriate? Yeah, we watched a movie. Is it good? It is good.


It is very good. We watched a movie a bunch. That's why we did it. And then I, I dressed as Bow. We put on our Halloween costumes last night. His little, you know, on Wednesday night his little warmup and I dressed as Bowser and chased him around. So I was chasing Mario Toad. Princess Peach around. It's good. It's fun. What are you looking for? I'm just trying to see if I'm wrong. I feel like your Garfield is is way more yellow than it should be. Yeah. You, you got, you got a problem like Garfield. I Thought you were Bowser when you walked in. Why are you so why have such an issue with the Garfield? No, It's not an issue. I'm just, I was You think I hate Mondays in Hank. You're thinking of Heathcliff. He's the he's the super orange cat. Sound Off in the comets. I could be wrong. That's not, I'm not hating. I just You're Saying you're looking at, You're like Pika Pika field.


What Would you like him to be? Oranger Oranger more orange. I'm licking my hands. Look at, look at, look at Kush. You by the way, max. I'm not trying to, I'm happy we all dressed up. I Halloween's a fun holiday. P anyone who shits on Halloween's an idiot. But Jerry bodied you in the costume off body like he did. He was Max two times. He was Philly's Max and Eagles Max. He did. You're just one of the coolest characters that he played. Although he wasn't that cool. No, Kush was kind of a dick. But I can run Hat. Are we surfing or are we skiing? I I like Kush. You just look like a, a tour manager for Spinal Tap.


No, but I got a hat that says Team Cushman on it. I Do see that. Yeah. Do you See the hat? And you were complaining about having to do arts and crafts. All you had to do was write Team Cushman. I know it was hard though. The S's are so hard to do. Block letters. Really? Yes. Just do the power S The I know I thought about doing the Power Superman. The powers. The powers Rocks about doing the powers. How, how is that a thing? Do we know who the first person was? This? This Looks in. It's awesome. I love the boys. I love Looks awesome. Pug. You look great. Pug. Can you do a It's a me, Mario. It's a me. Mario Mario. Alright. Good show boys.


Hope everyone has a great weekend and we'll see you on Monday. Oh, I thought we had an applause. No Applause Track for, For AFL second itself. Numbers Also. Max forgot to, or Max released the PMT documentary two days early. Oh yeah. Well we say, we'll say it at the beginning of the show too, but yeah, do the PMT documentary. There's gonna be four episodes, first one Friday, so check it out. And we're gonna have, I think it's the first one is just us, the beginning of PMT Max. Why'd you do that Second one, Kush? I Don't know. I fucked up. Fucked up right in the middle of a World series game. People love the button Right in the middle of a world. They love the button too much. Like one of the best World series games.


So yeah. Friday or today, episode one. Episode two will be all BVT. Yeah. So that will be in a couple weeks. So we'll do a better job of promoing it 'cause we are bad at that. Really bad. Okay. Numbers 3, 13, 5. I actually, I I gotta give memes three 'cause he already, I already said numbers. He 11. You said it. I knew. Whoa, whoa. I said it. Marty McFly Shane is Marty McFly is the best costume here. He looks cool. What was the number? Memes was guessing when I was guessing. Three 17. Okay, great. 17 three for the third win. I thought you guys lost Marty mcm. No, I'm, I'm back. Okay, everyone say their numbers again.


19 5 11. 1799. Mario, 21. I can't see shit. Oh, 56. Oh, I thought that was 99. 56. Sorry. Plug 56. Sorry, Mario.