
Hey Pardon. my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music. On today's part of my take, we have a two for for the people we have Kyle Rudolph, old, old friend of the show in studio. Awesome interview. Awesome. Catching up with him, talking football, talking. The end of his career. Tom Brady, everything. And then we have the first ever Pardon My Take hologram interview Francis Nano. We had a hologram machine in the office. In the studio. It was wild. This is Like a six dimensional video. Yeah. That you're watching on online right now. You get the experience of us and then you get to look at, I don't know what the hologram's gonna look like.


I don't either. I'm gonna have to watch the episode. Yeah. But it was very cool. It was cool. So Francis Ano really cool guy. We also have NF NFL Week seven Picks And Preview Fantasy. Fuck Boys. We're gonna talk some playoff baseball. We're gonna talk Thursday Night Football. We got Fire Fest.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The rollercoaster of an NFL season is moving right along. And. it promises to be a month full of tricks, treats, and a course Touchdowns and DraftKings sports book and official sports betting partner of the NFL is the number one place to bet touchdowns running it in from the one or an 80 yard bomb. We don't care how they score touchdowns. We want to bet on them. DraftKings hurt us and is delivering Ready to place your first bet Try betting on something simple like a player to score a touchdown Go to the DraftKings Sports Book app. Make your pick. Here's a reason for new customers to do a touchdown dance of their own bet. $5 to get 200 in Bonus bets instantly. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdown Download. the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Football Pardon My Take. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings Score big with Draftking Sportsbook. the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download. the Draftking Sportsbook app. use code. take that's code. Take TAKE to get new co new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings.


The crown is yours. Today is Friday, October 18th. And Bo Nicks baby. Yeah. Bo Nicks. Bo Nicks. He did it tonight. Kind of. He Did all of it tonight. Bronco's Russian game. Did it a lot. If you've ever wondered what Tso Hill would look like if he was a little bit better at passing and a little bit worse at running. You got the full Bo Nicks TSO Hill experience tonight because Sean Peyton was doing the old TSO Hill playbook for Bo Nicks and nobody loves calling their own number more than Bo Nicks. Yeah. He drops back like he does the five step drop looks one way and he is like, fuck Bo Nicks has to run this ball. Bo Nicks has to run this ball or throw it in between two wide open receivers.


I So when you were like, Bo Nicks was fun a couple weeks ago, I was like, eh, I don't know. And I was thinking more about Oregon Bo Nicks watching tonight, like being able to take in a full bow Nicks game without any other games going on. It's Auburn Bo Nicks and I'll agree. Yeah, he is fun because he, he he just, you don't know if it's gonna be the worst pass or the best pass every single time he throws, We had full blown bow tonight. Yeah. He was doing Nicks on It and he was, it was the Bronco's running game. They ran it down their face. I think they had over 200 yards rushing. And the Saints are officially on quit watch. I would like to opt out of watching the Saints this year. That two one oh start baby That. How bad is Dallas? Yeah, that's what tonight really told me.


How bad are the Dallas Cowboys? Yeah. Now obviously Derek Carr not playing. That has a little bit to do with I with it I think. But the fact remains that the Saints, they're old, they're not fun and they're not getting any younger or more fun because right now we've talked for the last like five years about how the saints have just been in cap hell their entire life or the entire, at least like feels like the last decade. Right now they own, this is from Jason OTC. They have only three players on the salary cap who had saved the team more than $3 million in cap room next year if they cut. Oh my God. So their current 2025 salary cap position is the worst in the NFL again. And how bad is it? Big Cat.


How bad? It's 75 million more in cap commitments than the next worst team. Jesus. And, and, and this is what Happened. We're we're currently witnessing cap hell. And they also are like, when I say quit watch, obviously injuries happen, but when key players start being like hamstring injury, a weird knee injury and you're like, did we even see him get injured? Yeah. It might be quit time. Dennis Allen, Richard Sherman said at halftime, he's like, they're trying to get Dennis Allen fired. I wouldn't be shocked. And the Saints are just like, this was so, this was a bad game but I kind of enjoyed it just from the fact that like Thursday night football, the last two weeks we've had really good games.


Thursday night football should be bad. Yeah. We should just embrace the bad and just like, just bathe in just shitty gross football. 'cause you know, you got all the football coming up, it's like the entry point to the weekend. And I kind of enjoyed the fact like even that first pass that Bo Nicks had where he split his wide receivers that were both Two guys that were opening And as wide open as you get and He missed both of 'em equally. Yeah. And, and, but yeah, it was bad football from the Saints. Better football from the Broncos. Broncos are feisty. They're defense. Good. Patrick Satan wasn't even playing. And Bo Nicks, he's a rollercoaster. He's a rollercoaster. So yeah. It's funny that you bring up like what Thursday night football used to be.


'cause it's the One thing. We, you know, old people like to be like, back in my day everything was better. No. It's like back in my day, Thursday night football was shit sucked. If you get good Thursday night games, that's not what Thursday night football is. Thursday night football I think is at its peak when Al Michaels is actively complaining about how shitty the game is. The, when I think Thursday night football, I think Bronco's cults last year, two years ago. Matt versus Ross Wilson. That was bad. That's And And it still will come because as the season goes on, the Thursday night, football games get worse. That happens every year. Early season, Thursday night football, you can get some good like shootouts. Then as the season goes along and everyone's banged up, it just gets worse and worse and worse. And I love it. I love it. So Broncos be, I mean they're four and three.


Sean Peyton's doing a pretty good job that that bow Nicks design run on fourth and one was nice. That was some Sean Peyton's like I got, I got both, like you said, I have Tso Hill in Bo Nicks. Yeah he that he's running the TSO Hill playbook and Bo Nicks, he's not a great passer yet. He's not afraid to throw the ball, but he's not very good at doing it. No, but he's better at passing than Tsum is. Yes. He's just not as physical of runner, but they're doing like the exact same plays that they used to do with Tatu. I'm looking at the schedule for Thursday night football. We have a couple Vikings play next week, but it's at the Rams. Then we have Texans jets. That's gonna be, that's good. That's gross On Halloween. Texans at Jets. Okay. That, but that will be gross.


Like it will be a good, like that's a good game on paper. But that will be a gross game. 'cause you know, both defenses will just have their way And. it will be like frustrated Aaron Rogers and it's on Halloween, so there might be somebody in the stands that's dressed up as a fireman. Who knows if he's gonna get on the jumbotron. Yeah. That's a great Sunday game and a bad Thursday Game. I agree. I agree. And then Bengals at Ravens. That Will be fun. That'll be fun. Then we got commanders at Eagles for a perm. Hmm. Week 12 Steelers Browns. I'm looking forward to that one. Oh yeah, That one's gonna Be great. Can I take the under already? What do you think? Let's guess the spread in advance. Thursday night, November 21st. Steelers at Browns Thursday night. 35 And a half.


If Deshaun's still playing, Is it gonna be Ruy or is it gonna be Jesse? I think it's gonna be back to Jesse. Back to Jesse. I'm gonna say, yeah, 34 probably. And I'm probably gonna take the over and it's probably gonna lose. Yeah, Yeah. Alright. So we also had some playoff baseball happen. Unbelievable comeback by the guardians. They were down two. Oh they were down. They were up three, one and then comes in. And who has been their lights out closer blows the game. Season's over down 3.0. It's all, it's all for naught. It is back to back dingers by Yeah. By judging Stanton. Yeah. And then the guardians just hit just two huge bombs.


A walk off and a one in the ninth or no, was it ninth? Two outs. Two outs in the ninth and they're down two. That's the beauty of playoff baseball is like, do I think the guardians are going this series? No, but that type of game, you just never know. Did you See the video of the stadium? They got the, the audio reaction to the stadium from like a mile away. It was Rock And, it was sick, it was incredible. I The Guardians, I think they'll win one more game. I think the Yankees are, are the better teams. He said six. I think whoever wins the next game. Oh, you think it's a series? Wait, wait. But no, the series doesn't start until the road team wins a game. Right. Arod taught me that. I'm just happy for Guardians fans because that felt like it was just gonna be doom and gloom. No chance to even celebrate.


You know, you, you beat the Tigers obviously, but then you go to the Yankees and you get swept or losing five. But that was an awesome, awesome scene. And now they got hope and now they got life. Now they don't have to go back to the Browns. Yeah. And then the Mets are memes. The game's not over. It is, it's over seven to two. We Still have three. We still have three. Three what more innings? Three, nine more outs. There's nine more outs. So if we are wrong, if We all right, if we're wrong up to this point, we're dead. Okay. But it, I was gonna say if we're wrong, 'cause we, the, the, the Thursday night football game is so bad, we're like, all right, we can just start recording and this Mets Dodgers game seven two if we're wrong, before we get to our Picks, And Preview, I want a solo.


Three minutes of memes. Three minutes of memes just going like coward, just Talking memes. Francesa. Yeah, Memes francesa. You could do three minutes memes, but I need it to be three minutes. I don't want you to be like, you know what, and no jets talk And you and you can't do No, you can't do karaoke tequila either. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Pug as a co-host. Oh yeah. Pug can be your co-host. No Pug should open up the three minutes with 30 seconds of pug. You know, I want pug, I want pug in memes in these seats. Okay. Yeah, That would be that. I mean, now I'm kind of rooting for the Mets to come back. And If the Mets come back, then we should have seen that coming. Yeah. Because this is what the Mets do.


That's True. Although It does. But unfortunately they didn't come back. They lost. It feels like the magic, the the Dodgers are just too good and get too many. They have too many dudes. And like, I mean it started with Shhe hitting a bomb in the first that that home run he hit on Wednesday night. That was a, he put it on the moon. Oh, the stadium. Did they see how It's crazy. Did they measure how far it went? I know it was the upper deck, like the middle of the upper deck. But was there a tape measure on there? Max's gonna look it up. Okay. Max's gonna look it up. Max's gonna look it up because Sometimes those balls that go into the upper deck, I expect them to come back and say there's a 470 foot home run. And they say it's like 390. Yeah, Because it's the height. Yeah, the height. The height of it.


The Height is overrated. I've always said that. He's gonna look it up. Max said he's struggling. Too many Leadoff walks though, for the Mets given to the Dodgers. And Shhe finally got a, a hit when there were no runners on base. That was a weird stat that he Had. Yeah. Now he's won for 21. Won for 21 in the playoffs with runners on base, which is, it's cra at some point you have to think about not having him hit lead off, right? Yeah. Yeah. You'd think so. What is it? What do we got? I'm struggling. Max can't do It. He's struggling. Go to Stack Cast. Just go to the box score. Yeah. I thought I've realized that mid right when I said I was struggling.


Come on Max. Come on Max. Struggling. All right. How far do you think it was? Big? Cat. I think it was. I you're, you're right. That they, they always, those Upper Deckers are the best. Oh, Spencer Rattler just threw Oh, The most, The most Jamis Winston interception. Not ever thrown by Jamis Winston. Oh. And the Broncos are gonna score again. I'm gonna say it was 4 38. Oh 3 97. That's bullshit. That Is bullshit, right? That, that went halfway up the Front deck. That's wrong. That's wrong. I don't trust that shit. 32 to three is a very funny, Ooh, maybe Sami. Let me look up. Sami Might be a Sami That would make everything. 33 is a tough number to hit.


That's a, that doesn't feel like a football Number. No. 33. 'cause like you get 34 sometimes you have Have to go for two Gear for Saint. Makes sense. 35. Obviously Spencer Rattler. I, I feel bad for Spencer Rattler. He doesn't really, he he's lost like his entire offensive line. A lave was out. Shahid was out. Brutal. I think they had eight starters out today. Yeah. So they, I think they had three actual starters on offense that were playing. Yeah. Okay. Do we have anything else? And maybe we will, maybe we will have memes on in a second and not us.


No, there's no chance. There's no chance. Memes. They gotta run our own base. I'm rooting for it. Memes. I would love to see if it gets tied. You still have to do it. I'm In not even a wave. Yeah. Yeah. If it gets tied, that would be crazy. If it got seven. Seven, What would he talk about? He'd talk about them losing and coming all the way back. You'd have to do, It's three minutes of Mets content. Three minutes of Mets content. Do you wanna just do it anyway? No, no, no. I wanna be, I kind of wanna see it. No Pucking memes in the big chair. I'm gonna be here. I thought we were gonna have an early Night. Yeah. All right. Okay. All right.


Let, let's, let's kick it to ourselves. Let's talk some week. Seven NFL Picks. And Preview.


Okay. Before we get to our weekend preview Coors Light, no matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram and tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt, five winners will be selected every Saturday until 1130. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold, refreshing of Coors Light. Coors Light's, mountain cold refreshment literally made it chill. Coors Light is cold. Lager cold filtered in cold packages is crisp and refreshing. As the Rockies perfect for a moment's unwind, even the biggest rivals agree When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game, you choose Chill. And then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado.


We're also brought to you by our friends. It's Supercuts Pardon. My Take is sponsored by Supercuts, where no matter how you roll in, you roll out looking great. Seriously, I just hit up Supercuts. Everyone's been complimenting me around the office. Had a great time there. They're the ultimate professionals in and out. If you want some Supercuts stats, I bet you don't, but they're playing for you to hear them. So buckle up. There are nearly 2000 Supercuts nationwide. Each one individually owned and operated. It's like having a franchise in every city in the country. Supercuts gives nearly 25 million haircuts a year. That's a fresh cut. Every 1.26 seconds. More haircuts than Gino Smith takes snaps. PFT Ready? That was another Supercuts Damn Supercuts has an average rating of 4.8 out of five stars on Google. 96%. That's more of a sure thing than an extra point. You may think you know Supercuts, but I bet you don't. Didn't know it all. So, and you didn't know all that. Supercuts is great. Like I said, I went and just got my haircut a week ago with Supercuts. There you go in, you go out, it's, they, you know, you're gonna get a great haircut. You can sign up online. It's super, super easy. So find a salon near you at Supercuts dot com. Book ahead online at Supercuts dot com or like I did, you can just walk right in. Supercuts real smart hair with Supercuts.


Okay, boys, week seven in the NFL. We're ready to go. A disclaimer before we start this week, and this is more of a PSA for everyone out there, but really for myself, if you are sitting here and listening to this right now, and you said to yourself, man, I crushed last weekend. I had it. Well, not you Hank. We know that I had the best weekend of the year. I'm smart. I know this league. I know exactly what's gonna happen. Just remember that on Monday it was reported that it was the worst weekend Vegas has had in like 20 years. Really? Makes me feel like a sucker. It was one of the best weekends for, for favorites of all time. Yeah.


Yeah. It was crazy. So this is a trap weekend. Watch out. Don't fall for the traps. Come In in your trap. Take your trap. Yeah. Kirk cousins, Kirk memes. How do you feel about screwing that quote up? And how many times did people get mad at you online? Which quote? The Kirk Cousins one. Come in your trap. Steal your trap. Take your trap. Come in your trap. Take your trap. Come in your trap. Pull outta your trap. Take your trap. Come On your belly. It was messed. It was messed up. Well, you said Kirk Cousins talking about his upcoming game in Seattle. He was talking about his game in, wait. Whoa. Tony Bennett is retiring breaking moves.


The, The singer. Oh, Breaking moves. Virginia Head coach Tony Bennett is retiring. How about that? What the hell man? Memes off the hook. So is Virginia gonna be fun this year? I don't know. It's they, they they can't, they can't do that quickly. They can't, you can't do a switch, right? No, you can't just switch up your style. No, that's A weird out of nowhere. And then he was gonna take his spot and his, his probably gonna be an assistant, right? Yeah. I always wanted Tony Bennett to come, come to Wisconsin, but wow. Tony Bennett retiring. Okay. Means comment on the screwing up of that quote.


I'm I, I'll, I'll take full accountability. Okay. Okay. Good. All right. Good. I'll take Full account. Accountability was, there's a trust issue with when I send stuff to Shane. Oh no. And I didn't overlook it when sending, and that happens Occasion. Did you send ca talking about his upcoming game in Seattle? I sent him the video. Oh. And Shane editorialize. But you're gonna take accountability. But I, Because I press end, I just didn't read it. Yeah, it Was welcome to your trap. Take over your trap. Yeah. He was talking about the Panthers game. Yes. Was the Main quote. Kirk Cousins has become the most Atlanta guy in the world. I love it somehow. I love it. I, yes, no, nothing brings me more joy than just seeing like after a game when Kirk Cousins puts on his little like mascot chains.


Yeah. And they, everybody like claps for him. Like, look, look at our little boy jumping around. It's The best. It's The best. He does the Taylor Swift dance. The swag surf. Yeah. Swag and surf. Okay. So London, let's start there. Hank, will you be waking up for this game? Yes. Pro? Yes. Yes Pro. The whole game. You're in London time. Drake May Yeah. In London. Going up against the Jaguars. How are we feeling? This is a trap game. You said this is, this is the trap week. I don't know if this is, I don't think the Patriots can have a trap Game. Yeah, neither can the Jaguars. Yeah, it's Unrapable. But The Jaguars are, are, I guess the Jaguars could be a trap game, but not against another one in five team.


But the Jaguars are arrested. That's true. They're activated. That's, but you knew that. So that's a trap that you know about. But I think people are are I'm just worried that, you know, Jaguars Are favorite, aren't They? Yeah, they're five and a half points. Can that be a, can that be a trap game if you're Under for the Patriots? Yeah. That doesn't make sense. They're, You can't have a trap game if, If you're under, There's a lot of people out there, you know, sure. That are like the Patriots. Drake may looked really good explosive offense, but you lost By 20. The Jaguars are terrible. But there was some, there were some fluky turnovers. Okay. The Jaguars are bad. This is gonna be Drake Mays coming out show. And I'm just worried that, you know, the travel, you know the, the Jaguars being acclimated not traveling. I'm just worried that, you know, people think that this is gonna be Drake MA's coming out Party And.


it just might not be yet. Got it. Okay. Are these people in the room with us right now? No, I'm, I'm prepared for the trap. I'm not falling into that trap. You're not Gonna fall Into trap. You're gonna take, are you gonna take over the trap? Not the London trap. I think the Drake MAs gonna have a good game. Are you worried about his health? Well you got an MR mri. That was a scary, like Was that a real story? Yes. Who reported it? I thought a lot of people did. I saw last night the Patriots reporter, Ben Volland I think was the one who reported it. No one else reported it except him. I just saw that he, he took an MR MRI and then after there was no concerns after the Mri. And then I saw, but that was tweet from a, an account saying, Mr, fill me up.


Who said I DM Ben Volland and told him Drake May had an MR mri. Hope this helps. So it might've been, he might trash it could've been A fake MRI trash. He might've eaten the trash. It Might have been a fake MRI or a fake fake MRI story. Drake May was a full participant at practice. There was no great concern regarding his injury and NFL Networks Insiders, Ian Repport, Mike Garo. That was the follow up that they, I think only one guy reported that he had an MRI May may was on the Patriot's injury report. Yes. So the, so the team actually listed him on there with a knee injury. The Patriots would never play fast and loose with the league's injury Policies. They did not deny him having an MRI. But they did not confirm it either. Correct. That would be funny though, if he got caught by just some guy being like, Hey, heard he got an MRII think the Patriots are gonna be a alive dog here.


So I, I don't know how the Jaguars are favored By five and a half over Anyone. That's a lot. It's a lot. You Know what? It sounds like A trap. A trap To take the Jaguars. No, because they shouldn't be favored by five. If this line was three, I'd be like, oh, that makes sense. They're five and a half point favorites over they Jaguars are bad. Which is why they're gonna, you, you see that, you're like, the Jaguars are bad. I'm gonna take the Patriots. But the Patriots are also bad. You're forgetting that part of this equation. But When you say five and half, you Keep saying Jaguars are a trap game, but the Patriots are equally as bad. I Think you're just no explaining How the line makes no Sense what's happening inside, inside The Jaguars are really bad. What's Happening inside Hank's head is that Hank is, is thinking about the Patriots as a collective like football team that he knows and the Jaguars as a collective football team that he knows and he's like, why are the Jaguars favored by five and a half?


I think the Jaguar should be favored by five and a half over anyone. But the Patriots are also bad. I know. I don't think you can, it can't be a trap game if you're an underdog. Let me just, You struggle with, Sound it out. No, I I know This. Sound it out. You guys sound it out. Sound it out. Okay. Big Cat. Dan Katz. I think this line makes no sense. The Jaguar shouldn't be favored. Five and a half of ours. Anyone, the Patriots are gonna be live dogs. So it sounds like you're gonna bet the Patriots. Yeah. Which probably that might be No, it's not a trap. I'm gonna take the Patriots. Hank's talking about That's the trap. Hank is hypothesizing. There's, It's too Easy a double trap. So we should take the Jaguars. Yes. Okay. That's my point. Got It. I think you might be alright. That makes Sense. You might be trapping yourself.


No, I've, You guys just explained my whole point back To me. I, all right. So when I, when you fir, when we first started this conversation, when you said trap game, I was thinking like a, a good team going to play a bad team overlooking them. That's the trap game. You're just talking strictly on the line. That's a trap. Yeah. You're overlooking how bad the Patriots are because the Jaguars are also bad. Okay. Now it makes sense. Big patriot. So now I gotta take, so You gotta take Patriots, but I don't think that's the right move. I have a positive Trevor Lawrence stat, well not positive, but more in Trevor Lawrence's defense. I, I think I have the same stat. Yeah. The amount of drops. Yep. Yeah. So Trevor Lawrence, since coming into League T in 2021, the Jaguars have dropped 113 passes per ESPN research most in the league.


And 21 more than the second place team Kansas City. That's insane. It's also crazy that Kansas City has the second one. How many of those are C Tony? Yeah, sure. We have to account for that. Also. I read something pretty interesting about Kansas City and their drop rate the other day. People think that their lights were fucked up for like the last seven years. Like the night games in the stadium. The Oh really? The light frequency, however, like whatever, like, I don't even know what you call it, but it was a type of light that didn't provide, it was almost like a mini strobe effect. And, it fucked up every single receiver that played there. Okay. And. it was only in the night games. And. it was for every team that was like statistically an outlier to every other night stadium. So that might explain part of it. Also Ariton explain also Gary Eston.


But yeah, that is, it's something not bad for Trevor Lawrence. Like tr I've seen a lot of drops, especially this year. Yeah. His receivers have dropped some easy catches and easy touchdowns. Can I just say One thing about it? Because there were some Jaguars fans being like, the Jaguars dropped four touchdowns against the Bears. It would've been a different game. Three of them were on the same drive. You can't score three touchdowns on one drive. Yeah, that's a, that's a seven point swing. Yeah. But they did drop a lot of balls. I said it on Sunday after the game. I said exactly that. The Jaguars dropped a lot of balls and Trevor Lawrence is not getting any favors. What About Cisco talking about quitting? Yeah. So his teammates seem to kind of have his back. So Andre, Cisco, after the game said, feel like, should I say this?


A lot of quit. There was a lot of quit out there. We weren't playing as one. You don't like to use the Q word. There are two words you don't like to use in football. The Q word and the S word for soft. So when he said that we quit, at first I was like, sounds kind of weird to say that about your team. But then I thought about it and I was like, well he's not wrong. No, Definitely not wrong. He's not wrong about it. And I feel like his teammates were kind of in that same mindset where they're like, yeah, we fucking quit last week. Yeah. And I think this game comes down to, does anyone in that locker room like, or feel good about Doug Peterson? Because if they do, they have to win this game to save his job. But if they don't and want to quit, like you kind of can get out of it.


'cause he's gonna get fired if he loses this game. Right? Possible mutiny. Yeah. Oh, we know about that. Hank, Are you, are you afraid of a mutiny? No. Hank. So I think Drake Ray's gonna look good. The Jaguar's defense is bad. I hope so. I hope he's well rested. He, he gets, you know, no funky stuff with the layover or anything. Yeah. When did they travel? I don't know. Hmm. Gotta look into that. Okay. Because the Jaguars are acclimated. So what's your, what's your pick Hank? My pick in this game? Yeah. I have to make one. No, well over. Okay. Alright. I like that Wembley Wembley Stadium. They have a half retractable roof. So is it gonna rain this weekend there man? Makes make snow Sets. I think so.


So half of the field, It's gonna rain on half the field, Half the field will be rain. I want to, I wanna look up what the first half or first quarter line is even because the Patriots, I think they might be the worst team in the league in the first quarter. What about the second and third and fourth? Well That's, that's different stories. It's different quarter. But this would be the ultimate first quarter. Yeah. Because it does include like you, if you see a team that's sleepwalk over there walking where they're still getting acclimated time and The Jaguars did win this spot last year against the bills. Remember their second London game. Yeah. And the bills were pretty good last year and they beat the bills. So Yeah, I guess. Fuck. I think Hank was right. Thank you. I think this is a trap for the Patriots. Well it's a trap for one in five teams. It's a trap For us.


Okay. So yeah. Are you finding it out? I'm looking. When do they go? What do, what do you got memes or Max 60% Rain now 60% rain. But that's 30% rain with a half retractable roof. Correct. I think they did that right. Half retractable roof. I don't really understand it. Oh, max me just threw something That's like a SoFi, right? Yeah. Well no the lightning Can come in. The lightning comes in. Yeah. Alright. Hank. Find that for us. We'll go to the next game. Okay. Seahawks at Falcons. Seahawks at Falcons. I kind of like the Seahawks in this game. I think that the Seahawks, their defense isn't that far away. They've been injured And, and yeah, they're dealing with a shit load of injuries and they give up a lot of big plays and I feel like that's a symptom of having a, a brand new defensive system that they're running with with McDonald.


But I feel like they're not far away. 'cause when they're not letting up the big plays, they're actually not that bad against the run. This also feels like a hungry dog runs faster game where you have the Seahawks on a three game losing streak. And the One thing that I could point positive to Seahawks, well actually two things. One is from my friends at Sports Info Solutions. The Seahawks love to, to run plays against middle of the field open cover two or four. The Falcons run a lot of that. So there should be, Gino should be good today or Sunday. Also, the Falcons have no pass rush whatsoever. They are averaging less than a sack a game. They didn't sack Andy Dalton once last week against the Panthers.


Does feel like every Seahawks game we've watched the last few weeks, Gino Smith has been running for his life and been under pressure constantly. He might have some more time this week. I like the Seahawks. Yeah. He hasn't really been taking sacks, but he's been having to move around a lot and then just dumping the ball off or throwing outer bounds and, and just firing something off that's not on target. Remember Matthew Judon? Yeah. He's on the Falcons. He is. Remember the guardrails? I do remember the guardrails. The Guardrails were huge for this. Yeah. So I, I feel like, I feel like the Seahawks are, are close. They're not good. Their defense, don't get me wrong, their defense especially, their rush defense is not good. I think it's the worst in the history of the Seattle Seahawks right now. But what I'm saying is they're not far from being good.


Yeah. They just gotta fix a couple things And the Falcons do run the ball. Well IIII like the Seahawks in this spot. I like the Falcons overall like for the rest of the year. But I've also retracted my take. I've done some soul searching about the Bucks. I apologize for saying the Bucks aren't very good. It is a hundred percent che bias. Yeah. That, I mean, I I I can read you like a book. I don't understand a deep seated hatred was I just, I sat with Che for an entire game watching him And. it just, it sits with you And. it really eats away at You. Let me say I get it. Yeah, I get it. It's not everyone gets it. It's not fun. People Who watch our streams Get it. There's an unnamed executive at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers who went informed that I would be much more of a Bucks fan if it wasn't for Stephen Chaa. Yeah.


Informed me that they're willing to part ways with Stephen Chaa as a Bucks fan. That'd be great. And. it means that they can open up the big tent to getting people in the band. Because I love Mike Evans. I love Baker Mayfield. I love, I love Chris Godwin. I love Vita Vey. I love Bucky. I love Bucky LaVonte David, I love all these guys. Yeah. They're, they're a fun team. Cha cha gate keeping bucks from a Lot of people. Cha screws it for all of us. Okay. Titans at Bills Amari Cooper now on the Bills. He said that I, it's always funny because you, you forget, like Cleveland and Buffalo are very close together, so on. He drove to Buffalo from Cleveland when traded and he said he had a lot to think about.


Said Josh Allen plays a lot of grit and hustle. Called him one of the league's best top quarterbacks to play with him was re is really cool. And he said that it felt like the first day of school again driving from Cleveland to Buffalo. That's awesome. I I'm excited. First day. Wait, wait, first day of school? Not No, first day of school is fun. Yeah. Because you get your new fit. Yeah. You got little tan, you get to see all the people you haven. Second day sucks. Haven't seen over the summer. Yeah. You go in there and you act all big and bad. Second day syllabus week. Not that fun in know, in like, you know, before you get to college. Yeah. And I love the internet for, I hate the internet for a lot of reasons. I love the internet for the random, Hey, someone just thought of this game. Josh Allen has thrown a pass to a completion to Ma Cooper.


Did you see that clip going around? It was in a week, week 11 game between the bills and the Browns. And he threw one to the sideline and Mari Cooper one handed it. And the best part about the clip is the game was happening at Ford Field. Oh, I love that. Because it was a snowstorm. Yeah, I remember that one. Yeah, That's, well, so it's the most random clip ever to be like, look, Josh Allen and Marie Cooper have a connection. I feel like this is where people are gonna get sick of the Bills glazing. But I feel like this is a great move for the Buffalo bills. Yeah. And this is also, I feel like this might be a smash spot for the Bills. The Titans. I, I can't, I can't keep believing in the Titans. I keep doing it and I just, I gotta quit 'em. I'm quitting them. I'm going cold Turkey on the Titans.


I'm gonna say I'm going to, I'm gonna call it right now. This is the weekend where Josh throws an interception. Oh. But I think the bills are gonna win. Hunter's Start too. Yeah. I think it's, I think it would be good for Josh to get that first one outta the Way. I just, I, I'm done with the Titans. I'm done. It's probably smart. Can't Do it. Can't do it anymore. Done with the Titans Bengals at Browns. This is gonna be a fun game. Not really. No. Yeah. Okay. Here's why it's gonna be fun. Let me pitch you on Bengals and Browns. Marie Cooper got traded. The vibes in Cleveland could not be worse except for the fact that Nick Chubb is back. And I've watched multiple videos now, I think three different videos of Nick Chubb, whether it be going out to the practice field for the first time.


He did a press conference the other day. This team loves Nick Chubb as much as they hate Deshaun Watson. Yeah. Nick Chubb is the best. Like they are. They, it was basically he was standing at the podium getting ready to, to talk to the reporters and all the guys that they must have been walking in the hallway. And they all were just screaming like, Chubb's back 2 4, 2 4 and all this stuff. I think that you will maybe get a one game bounce from Nick Chubb being in that huddle. And I might only run the ball 10 times, but just, they needed something to change the vibes. Nick Chubb changes it for a game. I kind of like the Browns against the spread. Yeah. Nick Chubb is very easy guy to root for. Yeah. And I've been watching some of his Mike Ds where he's on the, he's got, he's wearing the wire and he steps out on the field and then the video goes for like two minutes.


And Nick Chubb still hasn't said anything. Yeah. He's the best guy in the NFL to, to mic up. Yeah. I hope they have him wearing the wire this time because it's just him breathing grunting and then that's it. That's all he does out there. He's gonna be fun. It's gonna be fun to have him back. The Browns have not scored 20 points or had 200 yards passing in a game. Maybe it changes this week. Also, Kevin. Well Here's what's wild about that. Yeah. You said 20 points, the last two home games that the Browns have had against the Bengals, they've won by 19 or more points. Oh Yeah. They do own the, they own the Bengals. They own the Bengals. Yeah. Kevin Stefanski also Nick Chubb did a really good piece in the Player's Tribune. He was talking about his injury, his leg atrophying to a point where he said his leg was his, the size of his arm.


Which his arm is really big Too. Yeah. Big, big leg. But Kevin Stefanski told reporters that Nick Chubb is a better journalist than all of you. Better football player too. Better journalist. Didn't Have to add the football Player. Well, technically not a journal. He's a blogger. Yeah, Kevin. But I like the football player being added. Just looking at a bunch of like journalists being like, Nick Chubb's a better football player than you guys. Yeah. Probably accurate. Yeah. But I still believe in the Bengals. They'll probably win this game. I just think it's gonna be tighter than we expect. And yeah, I I The Bengals, this is where the Bengals ha they're in must win territory. Especially against the team that they are on paper, on the field. Everything better then. Yeah. So the Browns, I I want to bet on the Browns this weekend.


I know that's very stupid, but you gave me a reason with Nick Chubb coming back, they've been the, it's it's vibes. They've been the worst vibes ever in the NFL this season. Deshaun Watson continues to set records for just all the stats. You can find any bad quarterback stat and Deshaun Watson will be number one across the board in all of them. I feel like this is, it's all lining up the Browns Bengals. We know how that's gone recently. Nick Chubb coming back. It's at home. I, I think I like the Browns. Yeah. Will I be man enough to bet on the Browns this weekend? I don't Know. I think I'm going to be, and it's gonna be scary as all hell Texans and Packers. I got something I gotta say to the Packers and this is, this actually comes from a place of respect.


So hear me out. The Packers going with the all white uniforms and all white helmets are a disgusting affront to football color rush. It's a disgusting front it Thursday night front to Footballs, I, the Green Bay Packers hear me out the Green Bay Packers and I hate them. I hate them. Can you use the proper term for it though? It's the winter warning. The winter warning. I hate the Packers, but they, their football jerseys and color scheme are football. Like that's what you like. That's classic football. They are a franchise a hundred years old. They have all this history. Like they should never do any type of gimmicky alternate bullshit.


They have a uniform. It's like changing Alabama's uniform or Penn State's uniform. Like don't do it. The Packers have a uniform that works. Don't change the helmet. It's, if you're a Packers fan, you should be disgusted by this. I think that this is disgusted, it's disgusted end the whole franchise. It's disgusting. I think that this is an appropriate uniform to wear in a late December game at Lambeau Field when it's snowing. Yeah. What That, That would rock. Do you know what the temperature's gonna be at Lambo Field this weekend? Seven. Four. Yeah. Seven. You can't have the winter warning jerseys on when it's 74 degrees outside. This matchups, this, this uniform matchup stinks. Well, you gonna say Max, you like it? Yeah. I think the package jerseys are no, they aren the No. Alright.


Jerseys are fine. Is rock In a snow storm? The jerseys are fine. You can't even predict the snowstorm. You can't do the white Helmet. It's probably not gonna happen in mid-October. True. I Think you're gonna, we're gonna turn this Game off. No, and we're gonna look at this, this matchup and be like those. No, this is a sick uniform. I would never say that. First of all, I, I actually would. I mean, there uni there regular helmet is a great helmet also. You should never change it. Max. You can't turn on it. It's impossible to turn on a Texans game and say this is a great all time uniform matchup. That's a they just don't have, they don't have the history. Nothing against the Texas uniforms Texan. Look, I think the Texans ones are gonna look cool Too. I dont wanna be a a snob here, but throwback uniforms. We made a song about color throwback uniforms. Color Is for Thursday nights. Throwback uniforms are for the Jaguars. They're for the Titans.


They're for the, the Texans. Great. Not even throwback. Alternate weird, funky uniforms. They're not for the Green Bay Packers. I, I'm actually doing Packers fans of service because I'm speaking up for them. You should be disgusted by this. I'm gonna take the Packers in this game. I don't, I don't like the fact that it's gonna be so nice outside wearing these uniforms. Yeah, I really don't. I think it gonna be They gross. I thinks it's gonna be very strange looking. I'm, I'm excited to watch this game though. This is gonna be maybe the, the funnest game of the weekend. This is a measuring stick game for both teams. For who? Both teams See how they measure up against each other. Both Teams. The, the Texans that only losses in the NFC North, the Packers now that Jordan Love is healthy. He also won the MVP last year or last week, which hurt me very much so.


But yeah, I think this is, we're gonna walk away. If one team can beat the other like soundly, like, oh shit, watch out. I think both teams are very Good. I think they're both capable of beating each other. Soundly. Soundly. Yeah. Soundly. I think the Texas have some defensive injuries. They're working Through, well they got Jimmy Ward. This is kind of interesting. Mario Edwards Jr. He just got suspended four games for Peds and so he's out. But they're getting back to Nico Autry who's coming back after serving six games of his own for peds. Is Brian Cushing still in that building? I don't know, but it's a great, great idea. If you're the Texans, they might be onto something. The Texans might have this like a calendar, giant calendar set up where they have their guys go on like a regimen of steroids in cycles.


So it's like right when one guy gets popped, the other guy gets clean, comes back. Yep. Then he starts using, he gets popped. The other guy comes back. Yes. Pretty smart. That is smart. You keep 'em fresh. Keep 'em fresh. Yeah. Jimmy Ward is out. Yeah. I I I like to pack I, this game's gonna be tough. I'm gonna, I'm gonna text our friend Aaron Ler and ask him what he thinks about these Packers Uniforms. I'm going over, I'm going over, this is a, those are over uniforms. You know that by looking at it, right? Yeah. Like it might not be appealing on the eye to see those white uniforms in 70 degree weather. What Max? It is So appealing on the eye. It's such a great uniform In the snow. It would rock. I think regardless it's, It'd be like camouflage would be very cool. I Think once you turn the game on you're gonna be like, those uniforms Are safe.


Well, Color Rush is great. You're not a historian of the game like we are Though. I think these are over uniforms though. Thank you mem right. Uniforms sounds like good uniforms. No, but an over sounds like a over uniforms Big Difference. It's a big difference between over uniforms and a great uniform matchup. Great uniform matchup could be the, the Steelers and the Raiders and that's not hitting the over, That's a pretty basic matchup. Yeah. What Steelers, Raiders. I mean that's a classic uniform matchup. It's Classic. Yeah. Alright. I think Aaron Ler actually agrees they're boring. He said. Yeah, they are. That's, That's the opposite of what you're saying.


Well, they're, they're boring and they're also, you should never change a classic uniform. That's really what it comes down to. But He didn't say that. I, I, he sent me a video that he did, so I'll have to, okay. Alright. Fine. Play the video. I'm gonna send it to you. Let's see. Let's see here. This is from the actual Packers. We'll get this settled. Once And for all these are the guys that actually, or they live and breathe Packer football. Because this is a, I'll tell you right now if you're, if you're listening for X's and O's, find a new show. We're getting deep in uniforms. That's what we do. That's What we do. It's also hard to tell when the Texans are wearing alternate uniforms. Yeah. Are those, are those black? Yeah. You could never tell Are those Black or dark blue? Who? Who cares? Who knows?


I think I would like this uniform matchup if those were actually black. That's what I'm, I don't I like any of the yin and yang Uniforms. I don't think I like any of their uniforms. I'm actually coming around to the new ones. The, the H Town Blues. Yeah. I'm coming around to those H sound blues. I don't think the Texans have ever Worn black. They're blue. Blue. If you look at that uniform right there, it might be black. I don't know. Alright, here we go. This is for Mayor LER cheesehead tv and his co-host. Let's, let's see what they say. It's where the Green Bay Packers will be wearing. They're winter warning uniforms. I heard There's a little bit of controversy around this. Like they're not very good quality or something. Oh, I know. Is like, the merch line just isn't cool.


That was my thing. You can talk about they should have done this with the helmets or they should have put it in Prime time, which that I totally agree with because it would've popped, it would've looked so cool. Agreed at night. Agreed. But I agreed Outside Because this whole thing is a money grab. It's all about creating more merch, right? Yeah. You need more skews and more Skews equals more dollars More skews. We do that that Here too. Exactly. We did the Romeo. Exactly. We just Work for the Romeo And. we, I get the gig. I understand it man. I totally get it. But then make the stuff cool. It is the plainest boringest. Well, yep. To be honest with You, you that's I script nonsense. That That's what a lot of people complain about the women's stuff too. They have a lot of women's stuff, but it's not, Well, That's not, that's not, it's a different argument. But We got to the same point.


No, it's not. We got to the same point. I Think he, he makes a good point though, that if this was at night and you have those uniforms, it looks a lot better. I I it would probably look better night, but still think it'll look good during The day. Not in the bright hot sun. We ended up at the same spot. I Okay. We did. We, we both hate the uniforms for different reasons. I think it's, I think the Packers should just cease to exist after doing something like this to the gods of football. Vince Ardi would be rolling in his grave right now. All five. Two of them very Short man was really five two. Yeah. People don't talk about it. He was very short. Man, that's crazy. I don't know if he's actually five two, but he was very short. Man. I'm gonna look that up. Very short, man. Okay. How was some good analysis? It is weird to wear winter warning uniform when it's 72 degrees outside.


Five Eight. Dude, that's good. Don't wear it was five eight. There's no way. He was five eight. Okay. He's yeah. Basically a regularized human being. Especially in that era. There Was no, he was five two half of a man. Okay. Anti Italian discrimination Dolphins. His, his, his base Vince Lombardi's basement bar was like, that's one of those things that I wish still existed more in the world. The basement bar. People don't have basement bars. Oh, Just, he just had a bar in his basement. Yeah. He had, I feel like a lot of dudes have that. Yeah. But it's like all I I maybe it's the fact that it's now like a man cave with a chameleon TVs. I'm talking like, it was just like a, you just went there to, to lean up on the bar and drink.


That's It. The modern, you did nothing else. The modern man cave has become like this, come see the room in my house that my wife lets me have. Right. And also, I gotta put stuff on the wall that I see advertised in commercials that explicitly use the term man cave. And It's also, it feels like the modern man cave is, is for Instagram and not for comfortability. You know what I mean? It's like, look at this. I got turf field on the, on in the basement and all these jerseys And. it was like, dude, what about just a really fucking old nice couch that you can sit on and watch Tv? Yeah. My buddy bought a shed and then he just built a bar in his shed and he just goes out and gets hammered in the shed. Yeah. And turns a red light on for the neighbors to come over when the red light's on. That means come drink beer in my shed. It's, that's, that's man shed Is your buddy named Mike Florio?


It's not Mike Florio. He, He does do that with his barn. He's got A barn. Yeah, He's got a barn. Okay. Dolphins and cults. I want to take the Dolphins as long as Anthony Richardson has started. Okay. Let me tell you a reason why not to. Okay. He cut his hair. He cut all his hair off. Does that change the fact that he's bought, he's literally the last in completion percentage from inside a clean pocket. It might. Nick Sirianni shaved his head and then he won. Barely. Barely. That's true. And he also freaked out. He could, he might freak out. Anthony Richardson might freak out this weekend. It does feel like a step back to not have f Flaco starting. Just maybe that's just my excitement. Yeah. I I don't know.


I I also think Tyler Huntley off the, by the Dolphins ran the ball more last week. They were gonna maybe lean into that being like, Hey, we can't run the Tua offense. Is Tua coming back? Yes. I believe he's planning on it. That's gonna be scary. He's not allowed to come back till October 23rd. Do The Dolphins have any Prime time games? I hope not. That might be like, they might have to do the warning, when you're scrolling Instagram, it's like, do you wanna see this graphic nature Information that may be harmful to your mental psyche right now? I, I think they can flex too. We're in, we're in flex territory. Yeah. But yeah, two is not allowed to come back until the 23rd. That's the practice. That's not a game. That's The practice, not a game.


What memes? It looks like they have two Prime time games. Oh, no. One coming up against the Rams on November 11th. Oh No. So that could be Tua And that's a primetime game. And they also play Prime time, it looks like, against the Packers. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I, I don't know. I, I, I just am not a believer in Anthony Richardson. I get it. People do believe in him, but if Joe Flaco was starting this game, I'd hammer the cults. Yeah. I'm going to, I'm gonna bet the Colts regardless of who's starting. I think that's how little I believe in whoever the backup happens to be that's trying to fill Tuas role in this offense. So I feel like they, they just don't know, like Tua, like him, or who knows if Tua would be a good quarterback for any other team, but he works for the Dolphins.


Yeah. He's like perfect for them. And nobody else can come in and, and do any of the stuff that he's done. They just look completely lost. But I think they're gonna try to maybe do not the same stuff. Like they're gonna try to run the ball more and be like, Hey, Tyler Huntley, you're not Tua. You would think so, right? You would think So. You would. They, that's what I was thinking last week with Tyler Huntley. I was Like, well, they did, they ran it 41 times. Yeah. They, they also looked like shit Though. Yeah, they did. They did. What are we gonna do about these tickets? We Got Colts tickets this weekend to give away dolphins. Let's see. Why don't we give it to a Colts fan named Frank.


Okay. Yeah. I like that. Yeah, I like That. So Frank, any Frank Colt's fan named Frank Francis? No, Frank gotta be in Frank. Okay. I mean, they could legally be Francis, but they go by Frank. They go by Frank. Okay. They gotta be going by Frank. Yeah. And, And you have to wear glasses Yep. And chew on him. Yep. Yeah. Okay. Send us, if Your name's Frank and you're a Cols fan, send us a picture of you chewing on your glasses and, And then their tickets are yours. Tag. Pardon? My, what should we do? Pardon My. Take or pardon? Of my meme? Pardon My Take. Pardon? Of my meme. Pardon Of my meme. Pardon? Of my meme. And Pardon My Take Tag. Pardon my meme. But it has to be tagged to Pardon my meme. And also mems got Xbox codes for some new games. Call of Duty. Yeah. Call of Duty.


So hit 'em up And next year's college football game. Yeah. Hit 'em up. Do just Tweet 'em, tweet 'em. Asking For a Pardon my meme. Hashtag memes. Yeah. And say memes. Can I please have a code for PlayStation or Xbox? Yeah. We have 'em all. Yeah. And do you have 'em all? I have 'em all. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. You have 'em all slide into his dms. Yeah. Pull up. Okay. The game of, so the Texans Packers probably the second best game in the early slate. Lions Vikings I'm most excited for. Yeah. That's gonna be so fun. So, so fun. I actually, I I still believe in the Lions. Aiden Hutchinson. Not good. I understand that. If you're a Lions fan, probably pretty upset.


And you're like, what does this mean for a season? I still think that the Lions, they can make it happen because their offense is good enough. They'll figure it out. I'm a believer in the Lions long term. I don't know about this game because I really do think that, that that Cowboys game, they were like, they had that circled, you could tell they had it circled. It was an emotional game. Jared Goff gave, got a game ball from Dan Campbell, then he gave it back to Dan Campbell. And Well, it's because I don't think Jared got the game ball last week, right? Yeah. Or Something Like that. And, and Dan Gamble forgot. Yeah. And then he felt bad. He is like, I gotta get Jared a game ball now. And then Jared gave it back To him, which I love. Yeah. But it was like, you could see the locker room.


That was an emotional win. Losing Eden Hutchins is an emotional letdown. Vikings off a buy. I don't know. I just also, I have another staff for you from Sports Info Solutions. Vikings are third best in the NFL defending runs outta the 12 personnel allowing 3.1 yards a carry. That's what the Lions like to do the most in the NFL. Okay. So I, it's, it's, it's just, I I just like the spot for the Vikings also, here's the staff for you ready for this. Justin Jefferson has 1037 receiving yards in eight career games against the Lions. That's the most by anyone in NFL history against one team in eight games.


That's pretty crazy. That's a lot of yards. It is. Yeah. That's a lot of yards. The The receivers are, you can't go, you can't cover everybody on the Vikings. You just can't. Yeah. And so if, if you have good Sam, darn, then you're going to give up some points. What do you think about the Lions? Maybe not Max Crosby. What about Hassan Reddick? Yeah. I think they called about him. They did? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did we, didn't we talk about this? But then they have to give him a second round pick because Oh, 'cause of the NFC. Yeah. Yeah. Good point. That's why they're probably Not gonna trade Him. I think if there's any team in the NFL that's able to get over an emotional loss to the leader of your defense, it's probably Detroit Lines. I feel like Dan Campbell is the right guy.


I don't know when I, 'cause we do so many shows. Oh, it was, I think it was on the rundown. I threw out this idea. And Jerry Jones will never do it. Portrayed Michael Parsons. Yeah. He's not gonna do that. But you have to pay him. And your, your problem right now is you're, it seems like you have lack of depth going forward. What's gonna happen yet? You locked up Dak, you locked up cd, you're gonna, you're gonna have to pay Michael Parsons. You could probably get a lot for him. I don't even know if the Lions would do it, but if I were Jerry Jones, like reload on draft picks and trade Michael Parsons, That would be such an emasculating birthday to have the Lions come in, kick your ass to the point where you're like, we don't deserve to have this beautiful man on our defense.


We need to trade him to the team that just kicked. He'd be happier with them just Throwing it out there. Not saying there's no sourcing nothing. I was just thinking about it like, again, this is under the assumption that Jerry Jones would operate. He doesn't have a lot of years left, so he's probably not gonna operate in a long-term approach, because that would be a smart long-term move to trade Michael Parsons and get a haul for him right now before you have to pay him and then reload that way. But knowing just a, a little bit about human psyche, the fact that you just gave Dak a big contract, the fact you just paid CD Lamb. It's gonna be a a, a tough hill to climb to admit that you're not all in right now. Yeah. That you're all in my, but they're not all in. They're all in my ass. All in my Ass.


All in my ass. I also, I want to watch if Aaron Jones plays, that's gonna be important. So they just signed, or did they trade for Makers? Traded for Makers, yeah. Whose last game was in Minnesota. Yeah. He played for the day. I think he was inactive last week. And then the Texans played in Minnesota. So that's kind of a fun wrinkle. So Aaron Jones was at practice. I don't know if you practiced, but he was at practice. Okay. So take for that, which you will. But I feel like picking up Cam Akers makes it seem like he's gonna be out for a little bit. Yeah. And Aaron Jones is very good. Yes. And you don't probably don't want Sam Donald throwing 45 times a game. Yep. Aaron Jones returned to practice On Thursday. He was at practice. He was at Practice.


Did he practice or was he just there today? Limited Vikings running back. Aaron Jones returned to practice according to Pioneer Press. Did he have an MR? I did. Fill me up him back. DM someone seeing Him back on the field after not participating on Wednesday is a good sign. Okay. Okay. That is a good Sign. That's a great sign. But Let the record show I'm unwavering in my support from the Detroit Lions. I'm As well. I think they'll Be okay. I mean, I, it sucks. I I I'm doing that right now because the Bears don't have any NFC North games until week 10. Then it's gonna have to, I'm gonna have to flip the switch. You're gonna have to wave it. I'm gonna to flip the switch. Yeah. I'm gonna have to flip the switch and start poking holes at everyone to try to make myself feel better. That's kind of what sports are.


You gotta bring everyone else down to try to elevate Yourself. I got a question for you. Big Cat, is this the coordinator matchup of the week? Mm. Flores verse Ben Johnson. Yeah. I feel like it is. It is. I feel like this is coordinator matchup of The week. Let's see, let's see, let's see. Yeah. Might be the coordinator matchup of the week. Yeah. I think without a doubt, this might be the best coordinator matchup in the NFL all season. Mm. Yeah. It's gonna be a great coordinator matchup. This is great. This is good. Stuffs our Coordinator game of the week. The, The problem I have with what Ben Johnson did last week at the line or at the Cowboys, is just, I, I don't know what else he's got in his bag. Well, that was my whole point about the emotion. Like it was, that was a empty, the clip game.


Like the And what happens after you empty the clip, you go to shoot nothing's there. Click, click. Yeah. The fact that, that you ran the play with Pane se catching the lateral tells me that you're probably not, that, that has to be your most creative play that you have. Right? Oh, I'm sure he is got More. So that's, maybe he does, but I'm a little Bit, it's probably like pane se lateral only to Frank Rag. Now I'm a little bit worried that he emptied the clip. Yeah. How many shots were there? Do you feel lucky? A Lot of shots. Okay. Eagles of Giants Saquon Revenge game. Saquon had a story on ES, espn, I believe. Where he is like, I don't think they'll boo. I had to read it like three times. Yeah. Like I, that is a big question.


This Match up. I think, I think they're, I think they're gonna boo. Well, if you're a Giants fan, you probably, you lived and breathed this entire saga with Saquon and you know that he wanted to be a giant and then you know that the front office decided to franchise, say Saquon give a contract to Danny Jones. And then eventually like Yeah, the guy just went to a team that baed him more money. Yeah, a lot more money. I just Thought, I thought that was, I feel like that's wishful thinking, being like, I don't think they're gonna boo. I think there will be some fans that boo. I think there will be a, a smattering of booze. I think it's gonna be 30% booze and then 70% people standing silent next to the people that are booing saying, Hey man, he was a great player for Us. But you gotta remember, there's, so if the, the games in New York, they're still probably gonna be like 30% Phil Philly fans there.


Make The drive up. They Also could boo That's but they wouldn't be Boo sa or they might be. Yeah. Right. So it's, they might Be boo sequ, but you might have to up your boo Good sports town. 50 50 Boo. No, Saquon wouldn't get booed, But he might. No, there's no, there's no way to sa Boo you. But, but Max, it's also like, think about it, you're, if you're a a Eagles fan and you're going to this game at MetLife and you hear booze, your natural reaction is gonna just start joining in on the booze. Nah, Saquon wouldn't get booed. Saquon, everyone likes Saquon in Philly. There's there's levels to it. There's like pre boo. There's no boo. No boo. It's great Sushi punch. No boo. Yeah. Pre boo. And then Current Boo.


Now, now boo. So wait, wait, wait. You break that down to me. No, boo. There's pre Booo. Which pre boo. There's no boo That's sometimes more potent than booing. No Boo is no boo Boo. There's no boo bougie, No boo Bougie. Like this guy is not gonna get booed. He's in No, he's in no danger of getting Boo. Then there's pre boo no Boos for Instagram. All right. So he's like, we're feeling about boo. We're, yeah. Then there's like, there's like, it's like this guy's on the verge of possibly Getting through. It's like a, it's like a dog with a bark in their throat. Yeah. You can see them about to bark. You're like, that's a, that's a fat Philly guy who's got a boo in his throat. Great bow buttons, right? Yeah. So when, when you the first guy that booze, is there ever a guy that booze too soon? No. It's like a collective thing. Like, you just Know the vibe it takes.


All it takes is one guy to start and then everybody else has to join In. Would you not agree, max, that if, if you, if someone just started booing around you, your instinct would be, let me join in on this boo. What is his first take? No, you, I, we gotta do, we gotta test this. We're gonna forget. Let's just, I'm gonna set a secret reminder and we're gonna try to test this out later on at some point. Just start booing around Max and watch him just instinctively be like, where are we booing? Let's boo. No, no, no. I Don't think that, I don't think that the majority of Giants fans are gonna boo sequan, but I do think that if he fumbles, everyone's gonna cheer extra loud for that Fumble. Which counts as a boo.


Kind of a boo. It's a sarcastic cheer. No, we saquon Nobu. Just Nobu Su What's a Drake line? Sushi Drake line. Nobu something. Malibu. No. Boo something. How, how do you feel about this game? Bad. We lose in New York every time now. And I, New York just keeps dunking on me that I just ke keep thinking I'm going to get dunked on by New York and this would be, this would really be, really be a doozy of a loss If you rubbing it in yet. And, we No Boston Scott anymore? No Boston. Scott, You gotta sign him. He's Playing in Rocket League right now. The Giants professional. He's like a professional gamer. Yeah. Like the Giants stink, but they're not, they're, they're a little bit frisky.


I think their Defense is good. Yeah, they're frisky. Yeah. There's parts of them that are frisky Ma league neighbors coming back, But they still have like the label of stink. So like losing to them still will feel like embarrassing. Like losing to a horrible football team. Even though it should be, even though. But it should. But you agree with I Know what you're saying. Yeah. There's a stink around the giants. Correct. That losing to the Giants feels like a stink. And I'm sure same like with the commanders, if you were to lose to us, that stink is definitely that. We're not talking about Commanders right now. Okay. And, and on top of that, there's like a stink. And then also if you lose the Saquon revenge, no boo game. Right. That would hurt as well. And the way the Giants can win this game would hurt extra, extra hard because all they do is like little passes and they would just little, little passes do That And, it would be so boring and they would just, yeah, They'd little passes.


It Would be so boring. And because it would also, I also think the only way we lose is if, eh, I don't know. There's plenty of ways we could lose. Yeah. But like, I'm thinking of like a, like a bad turnover or something dumb like that, that like would really get the Nick Sirianni strips is closed at, at halftime and then comes out naked and you get a penalty. I'll Say this right now, if the, if the Eagles lose to the Giants on Sunday, Nick Ani will not be coaching the following week. Oh, I, I feel like that Is he coaching now? He's coaching for his job. Will He just It's his job to coach. Yeah. Yeah. It's his job to Coach. Will he just be taking a week off or he's gonna be fired? He'll, he will be done. Just Go, he just goes to MIA. Like he's just gonna leave. No, I think he will be, I think he'll be fired.


This is a prediction. This is a Prediction. Do they let him back on the bus to go back to Philly? Respect. Philly's a city of respect. Yeah. We would of course let him go get back on the bus. But Would there be a group of fans waiting to boo him at the facility? Yeah. And then I'll probably start yelling at him like the yelling at the fans last year, last week. Really? Like, it felt like if they lost, he wouldn't have yelled at the fans if they lost that game. But it like really bumped up his hot. I saw a saw, I don't know if it was from the actual fan. It was a guy that claiming to be the fan. Yeah, you saw that? I saw the thread. So yeah. So the guy I saw, it was like a post on Instagram or something, but he said that he was telling Nick Siri like, what run the ball more like run the ball to Saquon. And then Nick Siri did run the ball more.


And then after the game he was like, see, I told Joe I was gonna run the ball more. So it might not have been like booing then Nick Siri responding to the Boo. It might have been good coaching. You should hire that guy to be your coach Regardless. You shouldn't be like yelling at the fan about any like no, because a fan told you to run the ball. You're going, you, you like kept that in your head and you had to go back to the stands. That's what Fans do to tell, that's fan To tell that. Like that's not what head coaches do. And, But that's fan 1 0 1. It's like he, he's definitely heard probably a million fans before saying run the damn ball. But Sirianni shouldn't do that. I have a question for you, max. When you, if you lose this game and then you fire Sirianni, what is it gonna look like? Is it gonna look like Tommy and Goodfellas when they shoot him in the back of the head?


Or is it gonna look like Goodfellas when they do the wire, he sits in the front seat like big Dom. How's Big Dom gonna whack him? Big Dom would only treat any, anyone, any man with the most respect. So he face to face. Yep. Two in the face. Let Him take his shoes off first. Yeah. Yeah. Big Dom is a man of respect for sure. Would he, would Nick Ciani wind up frozen in a meat truck? I don't know. Okay. Would Nick, I know Ani be, yeah. Would he be like beat up in a bar and then, and then buried Upstate? What would you think of if, what would you think about the Eagle season going forward? If we lost Ani and somehow got VR got for Vrabel in the door.


That'd be crazy. That would rock. Awesome. I think that'd be awesome for you. Yeah. Mike Vrabel should be a coach In the NL. I know. I feel like Mike Vrabel is like a, it Is a, it's ridiculous that Mike Vrabel is not a head coach in the NFLI Would. The Browns let him out of his contract. Does he ha Isn't he just like an advisor? I No, I think he's, No, he's an advisor. A consultant. But He was, that's not, I feel like That's like a, there, I don't think he has like an ironclad contract. Yes, I'm sure. I'm sure they would let him out if he even had a con. He probably doesn't even have like a, a non-compete clause in there. Especially, it's not like they're playing for anything right now. Well they got Nick Chubb back. Yeah. He forgot about that part. They're, but they're punting. Andrew Thomas being out for the Giants should make you feel a little bit more excited about this game.


Yeah, I guess. But it's, I guess our, our D line looked better last week. Yeah. And neighbors come. They might not little pass you to death. They might find neighbors a few times too. Bill's still little pass him to death. His neighbor's might, might do some medium passes too. Neighbor, I think neighbors is back. Well he's back. But he has new injury From What? He got a concussion obviously that is, he's back from that. But then I think he has a groin. So do I. Yeah, We all do not Pulled groin. Yeah. Sounds, sounds like a Friday night. That was rude. He's a full go dammit. He's a full go. His groin is a hundred percent. Yeah, his groins, his groin is groin in. Oh no. So didn't he. I do like the Malik neighbors.


The, it's been going around like he doesn't wear any team issue things when he's been out on the sideline and people are very upset about it. It's kind of funny. What do they want him to wear? I, it does look a little weird. He's just rocking. Do you see the picture? He's rocking Echo Unlimited on the sidelines. He looks like he's going to a concert and he's just on the sidelines. Well wasn't he wearing the Chrome Hearts? Pull up, pull up a picture of him on the sidelines. He did go to a concert. Look at that. That's not, that is a ridiculous thing. That stick though. That's a ridiculous like thing to wear. I like it while being on the side though. Okay. But Counterpoint. It's calmed out. Counterpoint. The Giants need somebody like this because they do Max's whole swag stink around the Giants has to do with them just being a boring team offensively. Yeah. And the Malik neighbors is not boring. Yeah. This is the guy that you need, this is a culture change.


He counteracts Daniel Jones being a Deloitte accountant. I would also like to say for the record, in addition to Mike Vrabel definitely should be a head coach right now in the NFL somewhere. The Giants, if their season doesn't go well, they kind of have to make a decision about what to do for their entire future. Yeah. Like with the whole Dbol Daniel Jones thing. You gotta keep Dbol. I think that Dbol is a good head coach. I don't think that they should fire him after this season. I think 'cause you have to make the choice. Right. Do do you clean house, maybe get a new quarterback and a new head coach at the same time? Or do you keep the same guy around and give him at least a couple years to work with your new quarterback? I actually like Brian Dbol enough to say that he should be their head coach.


I think you just do a simple estimation of if you fire Brian Dbol, will he be hired tomorrow? And I think he probably would As a head coach or as a coordinator, A head coach or a coordinator. But it would be pretty quick. Yeah. So you don't wanna fire a guy like that. Yeah. And the mayors, they don't like to fire guys except like the last what, 10 years they fired. Oh, Okay. Macadoo. Yeah. He Should've been fired. They fired. They fired a lot of guys, but historically they don't like to fire guys. Yeah. And Brian table, like he, the one season that the Giants go to the playoffs, Dan Jones. That should, that should be like front and center. I can coach. Yeah. 'cause I did that. Yeah, We beat the Vikings. Okay, next up Raiders at Rams. I hate this game.


It's a bad game. Jimmy G Revenge game. Is Jimmy G playing? No. Oh, Aiden O'Connell. That guy stinks. I think the Ram's off the buy. Yeah, definitely the Ram's off the buy they're healthy. Right. Cooper Cup I think is, is trying to come back. And then the other big story that we talk about with Kyle Rudolph a little bit is Tom Brady has been, he's been awarded custody of 10% of the Raiders, I believe 5%. Oh, I thought he got 10. And then I thought He bought Mark Davis sold 10%. I think it's or 10.5%. Okay. 5% to Brady, 5% to Brady's business partner and then 0.5% to Richard Seymour.


Got it. So Tom Brady is now, according to the NFL, not permitted to be in another team's facility. He's not permitted to witness practices. He's not permitted to attend broadcast production meetings either in person or virtually. He's prohibited from publicly criticizing game officials in other clubs. He's subject to the NFL's gambling policy and antit tampering policy too. So he can't criticize the refs. Oh, you forgot One thing. He also can't play. He can't play. You Can't, owners cannot play. Which is a bullshit rule. That is stupid. Mark Davis going out there and holding the ball and kickoff would rock. Jerry Jones would, would definitely try to play. Yeah. Yeah. So Tom Brady is now, he's now a partial owner of an NFL team.


I mean, he's gonna eventually own the Raiders. Right. I don't know how this works. Is there like some sort of succession power play he can pull behind, behind Mark Davis's back? Well, isn't the whole story that Mark Davis's mom actually owns the Raiders and that eventually he won't have enough. Like when she passes, When she dies, the the inheritance tax is gonna be more than he has in cash. Yeah. So his, his wealth comes from owning the team. And then I guess you take out lines of credit against the asset that you own. Sure, yeah. Whatever, whatever the case may be. So yeah, maybe it is he set himself up for the future also. You think there's any, any truth to the Belichick rumors? Kirk, Kirk threw those out there. They got picked up everywhere. It would be an all time story.


I don't It would be an all time story. I just don't think there's a whole lot of truth. Yeah. I couldn't tell if Kirk was, was screwing with everyone or not. I think that's what Kirk Does. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Which is hilarious because it literally got picked up everywhere. So it was a masterclass. He's Also in sports Boston, sports Radio. He knows how these things goes. Like he knows how to say things semantically where he can just say, that's what I heard without, you know, reporting it as as fact. Yeah. I think I feel like Belichick, Like he can say I heard anything I Belichick might not go back to the, to the NFL. He might not go back to coaching at all because I feel Oh, he's definitely, he's got you think so? Yeah, because he's got the, the record. I feel like he's, he's trying to go for the record. I feel like He's having a lot of fun. Oh, Definitely not.


He's gotta go for the record. He's like a guy that worked in a factory his entire life and came from like a, a hard scrabble town in the Midwest Rust belt. He works finally retires, always thought about retiring in that same town he grew up in, then goes to Florida one week and he is like, this is really nice down here. Yeah. I might just stay By the way, the other owner is Tom Wagner, co-founder of Knighthead Capital Management, Knighthead. That sounds like the most evil company. That guy sounds like evil. Just sounds like a great company. He'll, he'll cut your fucking, you know, neck tie and then shit down your Throat. The, the Wagner Group, is that what it's called? The N Tom Wagner, the co-founder of Knighthead Capital Management Night Head. That's either, that's either the most evil name or the horniest name I've ever heard.


Yeah. So that's, that's the other, that's the 5% to each of them. And then a half percent to Richard Seymour. See if Tom Brady like says that's a bad call during a game. Is that criticizing the officials? He's In a bad spot. Yeah. I feel bad. I don't know why he's doing it. Yeah, well I know why he is buying the Raiders. I don't know why he's still doing the broadcasting. That part makes sense. I 'cause they're paying him $40 million a Year. I guess you gotta pay one. Yeah. I don't, I don't know why he got into bro. Yeah. The $40 million a year that, that whole thing. But I don't really understand why Tom wanted to, he's Tom Brady, isn't it? Again, it goes back to the thought of like, Tom Brady should be too good to be talking to me on my couch about games that are happening. Correct. That's, that's beneath Tom Brady. What are you say Max?


I Also looked up the, the Kirk stuff of if it was real. He followed that up today with saying that Kamala will be the next head coach of the Miami Dodge. Are you saying that's not real? No, that could happen. Yeah. If we, if we wanna make things are real. That's very funny. Yeah, that could definitely happen. Kamala being That he was like, I only have one source, but I'll say it anyway. I mean, Kamala doing her, her pre-game speech. Just being like, so I was born in a middle class family. All right boys, let's go out there. Let's Be clear about One thing. Okay. I have a, I have a plan. Go to my website and see my game plan. Ugh. Yeah. I mean it actually did kind of happen with Adam Shefter reporting Condoleezza Rice and Crowns.


Yeah, true. True. Okay, next game. Panthers and Commanders. PFT, you're in trouble. I agree. Oh, why do you think I was gonna say, you're in trouble. I'm saying I'm in trouble because I, I ran my mouth hot and loose last weekend. Just said I counted this as bye week. And I regret doing that. I was gonna say, you're in trouble for a different reason because Dave Canals said that Bryce Young did a great job in the role of rookie QB Jaden Daniels on the scout team today and making the Washington offense concepts come to life. Oh my God, that's so sad to be like, yeah, Bryce Young. Good job dude Scout team. You pretended to be Jaden Daniels. That is very, very sad. Like, not only That's brutal. Not only are you getting buried because people talk about you in comparison to the number one overall pick, or excuse me, the number two overall pick in your draft.


Now you're running Scout team for the number two overall pick in the next draft. Like, Just don't say it. No, he was one overall. No, I know that. Yeah. Yeah. I'm saying But he gets Buried because of CJ Troub. Yes. Now he's doing scout team for the next number two pick. Just Don't say it. Don't say that Dave Canals just be like, we had a good week of practice. Do you remember RG three at one point when he got demoted to scout team, but he wasn't playing quarterback scout team. He got demoted to being the scout team. Safety. Yeah, you do. That was pretty sad. Yeah, that was sad. I think you, I think you're gonna have a really fun time playing the, the Panthers. I'm just worried because I shouldn't have said that about the Panthers. I feel bad for Panthers fans.


I I want to, I don't wanna bully Panthers fans. Okay. Now speak honestly like you've been, you've been speaking honestly. I've Been trying. Yeah. So now speak honestly, From what I've seen from the Commanders, this is a game that we should win by 20 points. Oh wow. We should I like that. I hope that we, I hope we win. Our defense isn't good. Well, like we actually stink on defense. We're one of the worst defenses. How many Touchdown passes for Jaden Daniels? I think, I don't know about total touchdowns passing and running. I'm gonna say three. Okay. And then he's gonna have two handoff touchdowns. Okay. Those count two. Yep, they do. Okay. Yeah. This is gonna be a fun game for you. I hope so. I I is a game.


This is take care. Take care of business game. Yeah. Just Take care of business. Beating the bad team still counts. Yep. It still Counts. I'm also just still amazed that we have a home field advantage. It's been, it's been a decade since we've had a true home field advantage. Yeah. So it's, it's very cool seeing Commanders fans also. Fuck you to that Ravens fan that beat up the two Commanders fans after the game. Yeah. He got arrested. Yeah. Well, no, there's a warrant out for there's a warrant Out. Yeah. They'll find him. They will ti will track him down. Yes, Absolutely. Okay. Another great game. This is a great Sunday Slate Chiefs at 49 ERs. Andy re off by 21 and four. Patrick Mahomes straight up as an underdog is 10 and three mm.


The Chiefs are one and a half point underdogs. They're off a buy. Also, Kyle Shanahan forced the team to watch the Super Bowl this week and said, I think everyone understands that we've lost two Super Bowls them. So, I mean, that can give you a little post-traumatic stress when you turn on the tape. I don't know. I don't know if I like that. I, I think I'm gonna, I'm gonna take the, the 49 ERs, but I don't like that. I don't, I don't like the move of playing the game for the guys. Yeah. Like that puts bad thoughts in your head. Really bad thoughts. In what world does that improve morale? Zero. I I guess you could just hope that it's gonna piss 'em off. Yeah. And it was. They were so close to be like, Hey, look how close we Were. Yeah. So in terms of Super Bowl matchups, like Rematches, the Chiefs lost to the Eagles last year, but before that, the last time the Super Bowl loser won the following regular season matchup was 1993.


Oh wow. So it goes back a long ways. That was the Chief's Eagles last year was the, that was the beginning of the end for Nick Ciani going Remember going up the tunnel? Yeah. Screaming at everyone. Yep. But he won that game. No, I know. But that was the beginning of the end. That Was his Super Bowl. That was his Super Bowl. I think that was the end of the beginning. Oh. Oh, Interesting. Okay. So now we're in the middle or are we at the end? No, Now we're at the end. Actually, you know what? No, that was the beginning of the end. If you point to one point where you're like, Nick Cii, he's kind of, he's really like, this is kind of Turning, but that was, that was like High. But it was, but remember how obnoxious it was and everyone's like, what's his problem? But we But Eagles fans were like, whatever.


That's our guy at that point. Yeah. But Max, I feel like the Super Bowl was the end of the beginning. Wrong. That was the, We started 10 and one. Okay. That was the beginning of the end without you realizing it was the beginning of the end. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yes. You just didn't go out for intermission. You didn't know that there was the beginning of the end. But if you look back, you're like, that was the beginning of the end. He beat the, he beat the Chiefs and was like, I'm done. Job done. Yeah. And stop coaching. Hank Confused. Yeah. I was so happy. There's, what Did he say in this? In there? What are You confused by? What's that Pink? It's like, I think the walls are hacked. Why? Someone tweeted at me two minutes ago and said, do you happen to know when the pats are flying to London this week? Yeah. Phil.


Think someone listen to us Weirding. That's a, that's a pretty standard question Yeah. To Ask me. Well, you should have known the answer to that. Yeah. If my team was playing in London, that's the, I would have that. I knew the Bears were flying on Monday night. Memes also already tweeted it. What? I'm kidding. What what? What's the answer? I can't find a definitive Answer. You'll find an answer. They Practice in Gillette today. They're in Gillette I'm assuming tomorrow. Oh, so They're they're Flying tonight? No, they're flying tonight. Okay. They're flying tonight. If they, if they practice in Gillette today, That'd be funny if they flew over early in the week, just like went on a sightseeing tour, then flew back, practiced and then flew back again. Yeah. Just got a little lay of the land.


Yeah, we have our answer. They're flying Thursday night. Yeah, They're flying tonight. Okay. Where were we beginning the end Chief Niners. I wanted, I want to read a tweet for you, see if you can decipher it for me. Ready? This is from Charles. Amen. Who plays for the Chiefs? He's coming back shortly. I think he tore his ACL. So he is gonna be back shortly and he is kind of pumping himself up. He said, I'm coming back to get what I deserve. The biggest shit. Anything else ain't for me. Done speak until I'm back. Been too humble folks forgot what, what the fuck I did with less games than your favorite player.


Okay. Lemme Read that first sentence again. I'm coming back to get what I deserve. The biggest shit. Anything else ain't for me. It sounds like Napoleon. It's a riddle. Yeah, no, it sounds like exactly what Napoleon said after he got, he got exiled. Yeah. So what is the biggest shit? I don't know. Ain't for me. Ain't for me. And your favorite player. What was that about? It been two humble folks. Forgot what the fuck I did with Les Games. And your favorite player. How does he know who my favorite player is? Yeah, what if your favorite player is, is TJ Watt? Yeah, Jerry should reply. Be like, I don't think so. Dude, favorite player is Andy Dalton Then? He probably did. He probably did. That's a good Point. Yeah.


Yeah. I like, I like the Niners here. I don't know. Do we Have an update on Christian McCaffrey speaking of the walls? No. Got it. And Jordan Mason, is he playing Hank Hank? You should He practiced next week? You, I think he's playing next week. You should just wait. Am I like the injury guy? Yeah. No, I'm saying Okay, I'm saying next week you should print out every injury report and just be The injury guy. Okay. Yeah. You're pro football guy. That Would be actually very funny if we just had, you had 'em all just printed in your hand. Hank Dock Wood Jordan Mason Was in a blue no contact jersey Today. Wait, a blue, A blue no contact jersey. Are there levels to the no contact jerseys? Well, I think the red is for the quarterbacks only. Or maybe the blue is just, it's the injury tent.


He was in the injury tent to just cause it a jersey. He's wearing the injury tent. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Last game on Sunday Jets at Steelers. I love how old are no flexes this week? Jet Steelers is a, that's a pretty interesting match up. Rusty dude. You got Rusty. He got everything going on in New York. the Vikings Packers or a Super Bowl rematch. The, the stations Fox and CBS gets to keep a certain amount 'cause they don't want to give 'em up. The Jets and Giants since 2019 are four and 31 playing at night in Prime time. That's Good. What was that memes? Your mic's still on that? That was Max.


That was Max? No, that was you. What was that? No, it was max four and 31. Yeah, it's Disgusting. That's insane. I got a couple reasons why I love the Steelers this weekend. That's that stat that you just mentioned. Okay. The fact that they're squeezing out fireman Ed Yeah. Who's now taken to the media and there's stories about him in the New York Post. Yeah. Memes. What do you think about that? Firemen is accusing the, the New York Jets of not putting him on the video screen as much this season. I Believe him. I I saw that We two and four's just win a football games. It's squeeze up and not not go on your Instagram. And there's too many distractions going on with the Jets. We don't need Fireman Ed just going on an Instagram Taking a video. It's, it's a chicken or the ed situation.


No. Which are they losing these games? Because fireman Ed's not on the jumbotron. Didn't fireman Ed officially quit? The Jets did. He did bullshit that this guy I agree, just comes around, acts like he's the Jet's number one guy and that it's, and that they, the team quit. He quit on the team. The team didn't quit on him. He quit on the team fast. Yeah, He quit after the, but yeah, and then he came back like, and then he came Back and then he is like, I just demand respect like Two years later. And he is like, now they're not putting me on the jumbo tron enough. I love that. I love superfan getting like into litigation with the team that they're a super fan of. So that's, that's data point number one. Why I like the Steelers DA data point number two that I have is that the Steelers are wearing their throwback uniforms. Oh, now Bumblebees.


Now. No, now we, if we thought that that memes is Jets throwback uniform thing was ridiculous. The Steelers throwbacks. Look at them and you tell me what's different. Can you pull them up? Pull 'em up Now. But here's a stat. It's gotta be the helmet. Here's a stat about these uniforms. They've wore them four times since they reintroduced them and they're 4.0. So what's different about these, these throwback into fish? No Idea. Hank, do you have any idea? Maybe the shoulder. Shoulder is the black Blacker? No, it's block lettering. So Oh, So the new, The new Steelers uniforms are in italics. Like the numbers are like at a slant and these are just the block letters on 'em.


What The hell? So, but they are four and oh when they wear these, but they're the, the most unth throwback throwbacks of all time. Yeah. I'm this, I'm looking at this tweet from the official Steeler shop account. It says you asked, we delivered. Yeah. Everyone the hell asked this. Everyone was asked Same thing. So they, they are four and oh, they played 2018 to against Browns 2019 against the Rams Christmas Eve against the Raiders in 2022 and then against the Packers in 2023 wearing the throwback numbers. So I like 'em. That's so funny. So I can't go against Yeah, see 'cause you see the, the new ones. Yeah, I see what you're saying. They're like Sleeker. I Like the Jets because I have a theory that doesn't really make sense when you talk it all the way out.


But I'm gonna say it anyway, I I, I was on with our guys Pittsburgh radio today and I think Mike Tomlin, so the courting process for Russell Wilson, they obviously, they went out to get him. They still had Kenny Pickett. They, you know, there was the stories about everyone like calling him, being like, please come help Kenny Pickett. This would be great. Kenny Pickett's like fucked out. I'm out. And they're like, all right rush, you're the starter, right? Like that was, that was what Mike Tomlin told him. Then Justin Fields gets straight to the Steelers. And Mike Tom, a man of his word is like, I know I have a better chance with Justin Fields, but I promise Russell Wilson, he's a starter. Russell Wilson was, was healthy last week.


Why wouldn't you start Russell Wilson against the Raiders to get his feet wet against a very bad team. Instead he's gonna throw him out against the Jets to basically have him suck. And then he is gonna be like, see you guys told me that I need to start Russell Wilson. I told Russell Wilson it wasn't his job to lose. He sucks Justin Fields. That's not a bad theory. But Then again, the theory all goes along the lines of Mike Tomlins deliberately throwing a football game, which doesn't really make sense, but let's just forget that part. Yeah, I I I like the Steeler's defense at night. Their own own stadium remade. This is a double renegade Yeah. Game For sure. Also shout out Devonte Adams, his hamstring got better. It's crazy. Magically It's wild. Yeah, he's good now. How did he even hurt his hamstring to begin with?


His practice injury? Yeah. I don't know. Maybe A getting to practice injury. He pulled up lame according to Adam sch he pulled on a Friday. On a Friday on a Friday before, before the game on Sunday. That's like, yeah, that's like when Hank is just like, I I I Do you need me for the yak on Friday? Yeah. I I I I'm not gonna be around do you? No. Okay. You're good to golf. It Sounds like, it sounds like you're just roasting your nerdiest friend for like coming out to the bar for the weekend. Like Yeah, this guy pulled up lame on Friday I pulled up. Lame. So lame. That's Such a mean thing to say about somebody so lame. Yeah. I, I don't know. I just, the jets are completely out of excuses. It's over. This is it.


You gotta win right now with what? You got Season's on the line. This is for the season. Yes. You got your coach fired. You got, you got Devonte Adams. Aaron Rogers has gotten everything he wants. The next blame is Aaron Rogers. Well, is memes, is there anything else that you can do if you lose this game? Is there another panic move that you can do to save the season? Aan Reddick Hasan Reddick. Sign him. Bring him in. Yeah. Wait. Means get the deal done. I want to your face there. I said the next move is to blame Aaron Rodgers and you're not gonna do that. Yeah. I, I like Aaron Rogers. Yeah. But He is literally gotten everything you wants. That's He's fun to watch. I wanna see how deep this well goes. Like how many, how many different things, how many different band-aids can you put on after Heartbreaking losses before you get to Aaron?


Yeah. Well I think the next panic move is just sit Tyran Smith and then put Nu in. 'cause the offensive line has looked great. Apparently Tyran Smith has led up the same amount of sacks in his entire career in this first six games. So that's not great. Okay. I, I have all, I also asked memes if the season's season is over if they lose this weekend and he said, well we got a pretty easy schedule even if they go two and Five. Yeah. 'cause if we lose this week, then Aaron Rogers will do that thing where he is just like, we could run the table and then it's Too early for the run the table though. Yeah. But he'll do, he'll do that thing later in the season, then we'll win, win a bunch of games and miss the playoffs by one game. This Is all getting a little Pathetic.


All right, so next, so next panic move is you sign us on Reddit, get him in the building, get the deal done Right. And then move after that is bench Tyron Smith. Yes. But we're gonna win this weekend, So we're fine. And what's, what's after that sign Izzy again. I, Izzy hasn't played all this season. Yeah, he's been an active. Okay. All right, well that was, that was all the games. Let's do our picks and then we'll do Fantasy fuck Boys. Okay.


For our TD Parlay DraftKings sports book, everyone has a shot to score big with DraftKings Touchdown Parlay Profit Boost. This week all customers get up to a hundred percent profit boost on any NFL touchdown parlay. The more touchdown bets you add to your bet slip, the bigger the boost and the bigger your winnings Download. The DraftKings Sports book Gap and use code take, that's code take for everyone to score up to a hundred percent profit boost on any NFL touchdown. Parlay only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One boost per day when offered NFL Touchdown parlays only maximum 100% boost. Minimum three legs required. Other wagering restrictions apply. Max BET varies for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng dot coast slash ft ball.


We have to hit one. Guys, this is sad. I didn't hit Justin Jefferson. Brian Robinson Saan. Okay, I Love that. I That was good. Bang, bang, bang. Say I was really hoping someone was gonna say Saan, he's Bang bang score Back at MetLife this Weekend. I love that. And you Know Sirianni wants him to score Yeah. Against the Giants. Yeah, for sure of, for sure. Alright, our picks. Who's up first and what are the records? Max is up first. Me and Big Cat are seven and five. PFT six and six Hank five and seven Max. Four seven and one Oh Max Half a game back. Long season half And I'm half a game back. When does, Does it not become a long season? I'm half a game back. I know. It could be the last week of the year. And. it wouldn't be bad. That's true. Although that did happen to you.


Yeah. Fucking David Mills, Davis Mills a piece of shit. Davis Mills the best. I love Davis Mills. All right Max, I'm gonna go to the Jets. Jets minus two jets. Jets minus two against the Steelers. I like it. I like it. I'm going to go with the New England Patriots five and a half. Okay. I'm gonna take the Chargers minus two a Super Bowl winner. I am going to take the Washington Commanders minus eight. Wow. So Hank, are you gonna reverse what you did last week? Because we said it at the beginning of the week that that was the beginning of the show.


That that was the best week for like gamblers. Worst week for Vegas. All the favorites covered. You did a round robin of all the underdogs. Yep. 165 bets. Oh, for 165 I think I'm gonna do it again. Do it it on the trafficking sports book. All right. Memes, Niners minus one and a half. Okay. And I'm gonna take the Bills Titans over 41. Hmm. Okay, I'm going to take the Bengals Browns over 41 and a half. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Someone took the Jags Patriots over 42.


Nope, I will take it. Jags Patriots over 42. I like That. I'm going to take the Commanders and the Panthers over 51 and a half. Mm. Love taking overs in Commanders games. Yes. Max, I am going to take the Packers Texans over 47 and a half. Did anyone take that with those Uniforms? Yeah, that's a we we said that was over. Yeah. No it's over uniform. But you feel good about that? I Keep saying I like the uniform. Okay. Do you want me to say it again? I like the uniform. Yeah, I don't, I haven't hit a total once this year I think. Hmm. My total, I I, If this game ends 10 to three, will you admit that I was right about the uniforms?


Yes. Okay, thank you. If it, if exactly 10 to three. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. That's all I wanted. That's all. I get an apology. That's perfect. But If it's, if it's six three, I will not. Okay. Deal. Deal 10 To three. Great deal. Great doing business with you. Yep. Great. Doing business with you. I get 10 to three both ways though. It could be Packers 10, three or Texans 10 to three. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Right. 10 to three is all I need. Okay, let's do go. So we're gonna have our parlay up for in the drafting sports book. We have Justin Jefferson Saquon and Brian Robinson. So we're gonna hit it this week. I feel good about this week.


Before we get to our interviews, we got great interviews with Kyle Rudolph and Francis Nanu. We're gonna do some fantasy fuck boys brought to you by Body Armor. This segment is brought to you by Body Armor, sports Water, the alkaline water that provides real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody's always drinking around the office. I have it right here. Sports drink the zero sugar and even the flash IV after a long weekend, we can't get enough body armor. The sports water in my opinion is the best water on the market. Head on over to your local seven 11. Get your Body armor sports water today.


What's up boys? What's up fucker? What up dickhead? What's up? Fuck Face. What's up fucka? My name's Paul. What's up? Paul Lee. Paul Lee. Paul ED in the pick of Destiny. Oh. Oh. How we doing? Nice. My stardom this week is Tom Brady. Yeah, The goat The grace of all time. He's now an owner. Oakland Raider second hottest owner on that fucking franchise. Second Hottest Owner. Second hottest. Who's the hottest? MM Oh good guy. Mie Mock baby Dave. My Sitm. Kawhi Leonard? Yeah. KW Leonard. Yeah. What Do looks like? Playoff P Much like Joel M Bead. He doesn't like to play a lot. And what do you know? He got hurt. He's in, he's out for an a definite period of time.


Oh No. Indefinite season Hasn't even started These. You know the playoffs are in a while from now. That's usually you turn, Wait probably trying to wait till the playoffs start to come back. Okay. You sound like you might be a little bit from Northeast. Yeah. So you a lobsterman Paul? Yeah, kid Gloucester. Paul My sleeper Cooper Cup. Yeah. Cooper. Cooper Roo Cooper. Roo Cooper. Good kid from the old neighborhood. He's Back. He's wearing the got cap. I think he's gonna go off this week. Oh Got got Cap a little. A little like in the loafers. Not me. Good for Cooper, Not me. Cooper. Cooper. Cooper. Hey what's up assholes? My name is Italia.


Natalia. Natalia Natalia. Yeah. You can just call me it Nat It Nat. They call me this week. I'm starting taking, taking long poops during chess matches. Oh. You guys see that? That chess match that they had where the guy got busted for cheating 'cause he kept pooping. We got more drama. You pooped like nine times. Probably taking all the ceramic beir balls out of his dairy air. Queens gambit Queens get great show. She Was just doing pills the whole time. I forgot about that. She was fucked up. Eyeballs on the side of her head. Looked like a guy I shot one time. My sit is Jerry, Jerry R Dog Jerry Reinsdorf sitting them. You fan of the Chicago White Sox.


Congratulations. That was mine too. The end might be near for you, my friend. Because it looks like Jerry is gonna sign off the team. Yeah. Looks like he's getting rid of the team. Sell the bulls too, bitch. He said he's gonna focus on the Bulls. Am I right? Yeah. No, his son's gonna focus on the Bulls. He's gonna focus on the bulls in my sleeper. What'd He say? We get our 401k And try and, you know, make a, make a run at it. Go make a run at the White Sox. It'd be a Real shame if the White Sox fell off the back of a truck. And. we owned them all of a sudden. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Would be. And then my, my sleeper going into this weekend is, I'm gonna say my sleeper is Ashton Genty. Have you guys heard about this kid?


More Travis? I think he's a, I think he's a really good player. I, I hope the best for him. Hopefully Travis Hunter be a real shame. A real shame if he decided to save his knees for the NFL. I'm A Travis Hunter Guy. I'm a Travis Hunter guy myself. I'm a Travis Hunter guy. Up and down. I'm just saying it'd be a real shame if something happened. Ashton Gente was like, I, I don't want to run anymore. I'd rather save my knees for the NFL. What? What's up? Fuckers. My name's Nick Chicken Palmy. Hey Nick Chicky Brace. Nick. Nick Chicken Pomana Pomana Brace. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I like that. NCPB Nick. Nick. Yeah. Nick cb. Nick PB.


N-C-B-N-C-P-B-N-C-P-B. That's how we spell in here. My stardom is Travis Hunter. He's actually, the Heisman. Don't do that. That's a, that's a good point. Don't fucking do that. That's a good point. My son was Jerry Ro too. Fuck that guy. I hope he, I hope he sells the Bulls too. Maybe he'll sell the White Sox and be like, oh, I got a lot of money. Maybe I should sell the Bulls too. Maybe he gets Addicted to Selling. That guy Fucking stinks. I hate him. My sleeper is Devonte Adams. 'cause he's gonna solve all the Jets problems. I Agree. Well, and, and if he doesn't, then they gotta sign, sign Reddick. Yeah. Then that's gonna solve all the Problems. And then they gotta sign another guy and then another guy, and then another guy, and then another guy. And then fire another coach. And then the, then They gotta get their own stadium.


And then maybe one of 'em will be like, maybe Aaron Rogers is a problem, but nah, nah, Not Aaron Rod. He's good. Nah, nah. Good kid. Nah. Alright, let's, let's get to our interviews. We got Kyle Rudolph, and then a hologram interview with France s Nano. Whoa. Yeah.


Before we get to Kyle Rudolph, he's brought to you by our great, great friends over at Gametime. Gametime is the absolute best. Gametime is the place to go if you're looking for the best deals on tickets, even up to the last minute to get into any game that you want. They got a new feature. Gametime Picks. Can we open Hank? Can you open up the Gametime app? Surely I wanna see how much it costs to get into the Jets Steelers game. Sunday Night Football. Let's see what the Gametime picks are for it. It's football season. If you're getting out to the games, if it's college, if it's NFL, you gotta use Gametime. It's the best way to buy tickets. And they're the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love them. And with the Gametime Picks feature, they're making it even easier. They filter out all the fluff. So you only see the incredible deals on the best seats. $136, $136 on Gametime Picks. That's a good deal. That's, that plays, that stadium's gonna be awesome. That's gonna be a great stadium. Under the lights in Pittsburgh. Just pull up that chosen event. And you turn on the GT picks sitting at the top of the screen where you can browse the best local Gametime picks steal near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Go get those Steelers Jets tickets right now. Gametime picks Download the Gametime app. Use promo code PMT You can easily score great deals with new Gametime picks. What time is it? It's Gametime. Cal Rudolph is also brought to you by Chevy. Chevy is the best truck. The Silverado is the best truck I've ever seen. It's the best truck I've ever been in. And that's the reason why we've never had to do a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. There's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado Silverado is a partner. It's a partner that you can depend on. We've all spent time in this room using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take stuff. Adventures, shenanigans, jobs. It got us across the country to the Super Bowl. Helped us dig the, the biggest hole ever dug in the state of Ohio during Grit Week. And they sponsored the Low Man Trophy. They're a great partner for us. They'll be a great partner for YouTube. The Silverado has the grit, legendary grit. It's got modern truck tech as well. Inside and out. Massive screens. Up to eight cameras. 14 different views driving, towing parking's. All easier with these big screens. Check 'em out right now. Go over to chevy.com. Build your own Silverado or your Silverado hd. Check out all the current offers on Silverado. The Silverado is the best pickup truck in the entire world. Check him out@chevy.com.


And now here's Kyle Rudolph. Okay, we now welcome on. Recurring guest friend of the program. Been forever. It's been a while. Been a long time. It's Kyle Rudolph retired multi Pro Bowl winner. Or MultiPro Bowl haver. That's a good question. Did you win the Pro Bowls One in one 2013 2012 season. We NFC won that one pretty big. Was fortunate to be the MVP. I got a car out of that one. Oh, Oh, nice. I should've said that. Pro Bowl. MVP, pro Bowl. MVP Pro. What kind what Car was was UGMC Denali. Like a Yukon Denali. My dad is still driving the truck.


Seriously And It. But closing in on like 300,000 miles on it's, you Gotta pay the taxes on it's, Yeah. So you I think it was like three or four grand for the taxes. Oh, that's not bad. No, not bad at all. We had an idea for the Pro Bowl where, you know, to get the, the players to have some skin in the game. The winning team all gets a year early to free agency if they want. Yeah. What do you think About that? Do you think guys would go hard? Absolutely. Especially think about the guys that are in that game. Yeah, Yeah. Or no franchise tag. Like they can't, they they get to, they get basically a, a Uno card reverse on a franchise Tag if you win the Pro Bowl. Yeah. I feel like that's Roger del give us a call. We got tons of ideas.


Most of them are bad, but I think this is a good one. Yeah. But so we, we haven't had you on since I think it was the Teddy Bridgewater injury Yeah. Many years ago. Which is crazy because it's like you're, you're now retired from the NFL obviously Te is Teddy Bridgewater still in The NFL? No, he is retired. He, he's the head coach back at his high school in Miami. Northwestern. I love that. I love that. Teddy seems like one of those guys that everyone loved the best And rooted for the best. Yeah. I mean, I remember being with you guys like in that room, it was kind of like, Yeah, It was weird. It was Bad. Very like, what the fuck just happened? It was bad. Yeah. We felt bad being there. Yeah. And they're like, well Teddy obviously can't do it. No one was looking us in the eye. They're like, well you can talk to Kyle and Harrison and then Blair Walsh will talk to you too.


Yeah. The Blair Walsh run was, that was the add-on. 'cause I know we were gonna interview you and, and we didn't get Zimmer, but Blair Walsh. And that just became, that was right after the, the year that you guys lost the Seahawks in that cold game. Yeah. Yeah. That was bad. That was Literally the training camp after the kick. Yeah. Yeah. That game was cold. Yeah. I remember driving to the stadium like, I think we played at noon. Yeah. 'cause it was bright too. It was so bright, So cold. It was like, you check, you know, the temperature on your phone, And. it wasn't wind chill minus 26. It's, it was actual temp was minus 26 driving to the Stadium. Yeah. And you guys were outside at the time. Time we were outside. 'cause the stadium hadn't been completed yet.


Yeah. And then I remember before that game Bud Grant walked out. Shirt, well, bad shirtless, but Sleeveless. Sleeveless. He was wearing a polo shirt. Yeah. He was in his nineties at the time. Right. Crazy. Just And. it was just, he was like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna set the tone for this game by going out for the, for the coin flip, wearing a polo Shirt. So he had an office, like at our facility, you know, winter Park, the old school facility. And then at TCO, the, the beautiful big building that they have now, he always had an office there. And he'd walk around and he was still very present. Like literally to the day he died, And. it was like, there's just always this like gritty toughness about him. Like, so when he walked out for the coin toss with just a polo shirt on, you're like, yeah, that dude's crazy. Can anybody Complain about the cold anymore?


Did you go, Anyone go back to the locker room and they're like, fuck, I gotta take my sleeves off butts Out there. No Sleeves. I put like my park on. I went and sat on the bench and warmed up. Wait, so I, so you retired officially as a Viking. You signed a one day contract. Yeah. I mean, Explain that to us. 'cause we always are like, It's not a real contract. I mean, I didn't sign anything. Oh No, don't say that. Yeah, it's gotta be a You didn't sign Anything. No. 'cause technically if I would've signed a one day contract during the season, they would've had to have released someone for me to say, how shitty would that be to be the guy that gets cut so I could retire a Viking One day. Wait, but did you get to do anything? Like I, we always joke like we'd want to be like, go do a workout or something, or let, let me actually get the use out of this one day contract. I think the the coolest thing that I got to do was like my oldest two, my two my twin daughters, they remember going to games at US Bank Stadium.


Like they were old enough for that. My son does not. He's five now. The one year that he might have remembered some games was 2020 when no one went to games. So he remembers New York and Tampa, which for me, there's not a whole lot to remember from either of those two places. Yeah. I didn't do much there. You Caught Tom Brady's last touchdown, right? Wait, I did. That was about it. That's Pretty crazy. Did You hang onto to the ball? So I had the ball, we were actually talking about it out there on the, on the floor. I, I probably devalued one of the most valuable balls in the history. What did you do? It was my 50th career touchdown. So would you say that's why I kept it? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So I kept the ball.


I had no idea that was gonna be Tom's last regular season touchdown. I don't think anyone did. And so I caught the touchdown knowing it was my 50th and now like, you know, like the marathon runners that run the marathon and then just drop like a hundred yards from the finish line. Like their body just can't physically go another inch. That was like me getting to 50 touchdowns. I had like 47 touchdowns in 2019 and I retired in 2022 with my last game catching my 50th touchdown. Like I had never had a season with less than three touchdowns in a year. And I went like one in 20, one in 21. And then the last game of 22, I'm like, you know what? I'm just, I'm gonna retire with 49 touchdowns the way it's supposed to be.


And I caught the touchdown against the Falcons from Tom. So I'm like, all right, I got, you know, I got the ball in my 50th career touchdown. Like that's pretty sweet. And then I gave it to the equipment manager and then obviously he had it painted. It says Kyle Rudolph's 50th career Touchdown. Oh no, It does say from Tom Brady on it. That's awesome though. I feel like that might be like when they, when they make a baseball card and there's a small error on or something, maybe the value of the ball is even higher because see, you did That to him. You gotta, you know what you gotta do is you gotta donate that to Canton. 'cause then it will just be Tom Brady's last touchdown ball. But it'll be your, it will say I'm forever. Yeah. Because I'll never get in the Hall of Fame. So I could live in Canton forever. Yeah. They'll be like, here's Tom Brady's last touchdown passer to say Kyle Rudolph 50th touchdown.


You gotta do that. Take my boys to Canton in like 10 years and be like, look, your dad's in the Hall of Fame. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's a fun fact though. You can always say that. Like the last one that he threw, unless he comes back in plays for the Raiders in two years, which I, I know it's impossible for him to do that. But in the back of my head I'm like, well what if, what if? Yeah. I mean it's also supposedly impossible for him to continue to do the stuff that he's gonna do at Fox. Yeah. Like they, I I read something like the rules that he will have to follow, it'll almost be impossible for him to broadcast games with the, the protocol. Like, he can't be in production meetings, he can't talk to anyone. He can't go into other facilities across the league. He can't criticize officials. He has to abide by the tampering policies. So I don't know, is he allowed to say like, Hey, this player's really good.


I don't know, I don't know what the rules are gonna be, but It'll be interesting. But pretty strange. They're going to ch to your point, if they're gonna change the rules for anybody, it would be, Yeah, it would be Tom Brady. And it's like, if Tom wants to come play quarterback, they'd probably let him, Did Brady ever accidentally call you? Gronk? Did, would, would he ever give you a look and you're like, you're thinking I'm not Gronk. Yeah, For sure. Like, I remember like, probably like halfway through training camp. You know, it's interesting 'cause I had never, obviously never played with a quarterback like Tom. Not many people have And. it was more so the way in which he just simplified everything. Like if, if if I'm running a corner route and it's zone coverage and there's a massive void in the defense, like when I come outta my corner route, like turn around, I'm gonna throw the ball.


Yeah. Like so many quarterbacks that I played with were like, Hey, you have a corner route. You gotta run up to 12 yards. You gotta put your foot in the ground at 12 and I want you at 16 to 18 yards. Like right over there. And if you're not there, I'm gonna be pissed off. Because on the sheet of paper that we looked at on Wednesday, it says you have a corner route and that's where you're supposed to be to. Whereas Tom was like, almost at times like recess. Like he threw I again, so I run up, I got a corner out, you know, I, I get by the linebacker, I put my foot on the ground thinking, oh man, I'm gonna take this thing. Like there's no one over here. And all of a sudden the ball like skips next to me on the ground. I'm like, what the Fuck? Like, Yeah. And I turn around and he is like, bro, what are you doing? There's no one there. Like, turn around.


Turn around right away. Yeah. Oh yeah. That, now I know why Gronk cut so many balls. 'cause it's like, hey, when no one's around you and you're open, he's like, I know you're open. I'm gonna throw you the ball. Right. And I felt like that's one of the things with Tom, like so many quarterbacks are worried about, okay, here's the play. What do my guys have? What's my read? What's the defense giving me for him? He is just like, I know what my guys have. I've seen what you're gonna give me like five times already. Like, so I'm just looking. And it's like, oh, no one's over there. I'm gonna throw the ball there. Yeah. That's crazy. Oh shit. Like That makes total sense. It sounds Yeah. It becomes intuitive. Yeah. Yeah. Just get open. Yeah, Just get open and I'm, oh yeah, I probably should have done that. Gronk for sure would've done that. Yeah. It'll never happen again to, I promise. Did you ever try to talk to him with like a, a, a limited vocabulary just to make him feel comfortable?


I'm kind of like, Gronk Just throw ball. Yeah. Throw ball. I'll catch ball. Throw ball, I'll catch Ball. Yeah. No, it, it's it for me. You know, that was really the only reason I went to Tampa. He, Tom had reached out kind of earlier in the off season as OTAs were going on. Not sure what Gronk was going to do, whether he retired or not. And quite honestly, at that point he was like, look, if he comes back, I'll take both of you. Right. Like, get down here. You know, for me at that point in my career, I, I wouldn't say I didn't, I didn't know that was gonna be my last year going into it. But I knew the end was near and I just wanted to win. Yeah. That's all I cared about. And he's like, Hey, we have one of the most talented teams I've ever been on. And I'm like, sweet. Say no more. I'll be down there.


And then obviously Gronk retired and I'm like, no, I definitely want to go. Yeah. What, what down the stretch, what was the, what was the moment where you're like, oh, okay, this is, we're getting towards the end. Was there like something that you could feel playing where you're like, oh, my burst? Or, you know, I Mean, no, I like, I I tell people like, you can't lose your burst when you never had one. Yeah, that's true. Good point. You know what I mean? Like I've, I've never lost my burst. Yeah. Well we still have our burst and like, that was part of, probably what was so frustrating for me is like, you know, people would be like, oh, you know, you're getting older. Like you're in your thirties now. I'm like, I'm the exact same size that I've been my whole career and my skillset has never been my speed.


Right. I'm a big guy. You can throw the ball anywhere. Big catch radius. That has nothing to do with running fast. Right. So you can't lose something that you never had. Right. But for me, like I knew it was coming to the end where like what we do for previously 16 games now, 17 games. Like, it's brutal. It's a grind. And if you don't enjoy it, it's hard to go out and fake it and be like, yeah, I'll keep doing this. Like, no. Like, I, I just kind of lost the fun in it and, and once I, I lost the, the joy and the enjoyment that I got outta the game, that's where I knew it's like, it's, it's time to hang them up. Like you can't get that back once it's gone.


That might, that must have made it somewhat easier. Right. Obviously it's not, it's not easy to retire something that you've been doing your whole life. But to have that feeling of like, I feel it. I know it's not the same as it used to be. It's gotta make it a little bit easier. No, I I'd say the, the decision's not easy, but it makes the transition easier. Yeah. Because you know that you're making the right decision based on how you feel. And ultimately when I, I tell people like when you can walk away from the game on your own, not many guys get that opportunity. Right. Football's often taken from us and then you're on the outside, you know, looking in man, like OTAs are starting. I should be on a team and like training camp started like I should be in a camp somewhere. And then it's like you see preseason games on TV and regular season games and like last season, the, the 23 season OTAs training camp, regular season.


We went back to Minnesota week three for the retirement deal with my family. Not once was I like, damn, I should be there. Like I should be out There. Yeah. That's gotta feel good. I was just like, when I was done, I was done. It's funny, I actually got a phone call. 'cause like early in free agency there was still a few teams that were like, Hey, you know, what do you think you still want to come out? Actually the Raiders reached out in like August. So it was like five or six days into training camp. My agent called me and he is like, Hey, are you sure you're done? And I'm like, I'm at brunch in New York City and it's like 9:00 AM and I'm already drunk. Yeah. Like it's August 1st. Like I'm done. Yeah. I'm done. I'm done. Yeah. Probably good call. Not going to that team less That would've been a, a chaotic environment for you too.


Yeah. Yeah. And that's honestly, you know, one of the other ones was Cincinnati. I'm from Cincinnati, obviously they have one of the best quarterbacks we talked about Joe Burrow and, and just like his elite ability, you know, he took a franchise that I saw just be abysmal for decades to a Super Bowl, which I never would've thought would've happened. Yeah. And you know, we started talking to them and you know, I, I like the idea that, the idea of ending my career back home, going and basically playing there for peanuts. You know, having my family be able to come to all my games and watch games and then being on a team with a legit quarterback in a good, good roster the year before going to Tampa. Like waiting as long as I did.


Ultimately believing that I'm picking the best situation possible. And then having, like for me personally and as a team, like we completely underachieved as a team. We were eight and nine, we won our division. But it was because it was the NFC South. Right. It was the worst division in football lost in the first round of the playoffs. And for me it was just like not enjoyable of a year at all. And I thought I was picking like the most favorable situation possible. Right. So that was kind of playing in my mind as free agency was starting at that point where I think this is the best situation possible, but like how do you really know? Yeah. And sure enough I would've been playing with Jake Brownie. Yeah. Who we like Jake Brownie. Love Jake Brown. He took me in Minnesota. Yeah. It would've changed. Yeah.


I wasn't, Joe wasn't doing one. Right, right. You're doing One thing. And. It's, it's completely different. Yeah. I also feel like if you, if you go to Cincinnati to end your career, there's probably a good likelihood that you just stay there. Right. And then you gotta eat all the chili. And that's ci. Oh have you seen the chili ice cream? I haven't seen the chili. They got Skyline Chili Ice graters. Yeah. Oh, graters. Yeah. Yeah. That's, it's not the same. So graders is its own deal. Yeah. Yeah. But like when you get like a Cincinnati pack skyline would be in it, graders would be in it. There's like a pizza sauce. Montgomery Inn. No, no, no. They graders just made a skyline Chili flavored ice cream. Ooh. Yeah. It's Gross. I don't know how I feel about that. He, I'm gonna try it. I have To. Yeah. Kyle did what's for lunch with Donny and he made Skyline chili.


He Made chili. Was it good? Was unbelievable. So Donny came in yesterday, he was like PFT, Kyle wants Skyline Chili for lunch, what's in it? And I was like, dude, just cinnamon. Yeah. Just put a fuck. It's crazy. Like cinnamon chocolate. 'cause when we were planning the trip this week, they asked me kind of what I wanted to do. And, we were in Minnesota for 12 years. There's some Minnesota type things like the Juicy Lucy burgers. Yeah. Hot are edges are good. All that stuff's great. And I'm like man, you know, I born and raised in Cincinnati. Like I love my skyline Chili all send. 'cause like you can get like the packs of like, how many people are we serving? Yeah. 4, 8 30. Like I just gimme the number of people and I'll have 'em send it all up.


And, we can just rock out with it. They're like, no, no, no. Donny wants to make it from scratch. Yeah. And I was like, okay, yeah. This, this is gonna be, and sure enough just walking across the basketball court into the kitchen, I could smell it. Yeah. And. it smelled like Skyline Chili. It tasted phenomenal. So it was pretty cool for me to, to get to do what's for lunch with Donny and have a kid who grew up in Minnesota and like watched me play for the Vikings. I know. Yeah. A big Vikings fan. Yeah. I I don't think when we interviewed you it was before the Minneapolis Miracle, right? Yeah. Correct. So yeah, that one of the best plays, most iconic plays probably in NFL history. And you were there for it. What, what was going through your head when that happened? It's funny because everybody remembers digs his touchdown and like the miracle to win the game and the walk-off touchdown that it was.


But people don't really know kind of the whole flow of the game. You know, we were up like 16, I think it was 16 to nothing at halftime. Like nothing could go wrong. They would come out at the start of the second half. Obviously they have Drew Brees, Sean Peyton, like they were, the Saints had a run where they were really good for a long time and you never really felt like the game was over. But it, for us it was like interception, blocked punt. Like everything that we could possibly do wrong to let them back in the game. We did. And then sure enough, the last couple minutes of the game was like back and forth, back and forth. They score, I think there was like 26 seconds left, but we're only down one. All we needed to do was get in field goal range. Right. To ultimately have a chance at kicking a game winning field goal indoors in a, in a dome.


It, we weren't kicking this one at TCF Bank stadium with it being negative 20 degrees. This one was gonna be inside. So you know, we had 26 seconds. I don't think we had any timeouts And. it was like all really, all we need is like two chunk plays and if we can get like a big chunk and get outta bounds, now we're in really good shape. And, we had the play that we called repeatedly, like back to back ultimately the one that digs scored on. And you know, it was kind of myself, Jarius Wright and digs on one side of the formation. I go to the flat, jarius would go like a 12 yard out and then digs would take the high corner and ultimately it's like we want to put three guys where you only have two defenders, right?


Like there's only a corner and a safety over there and you've gotta pick which of the two you want to cover. So we called it on, I think it was second down. And I like run out to the flat and turn and look back thinking the ball's gonna come to me because there's no one around. Like they guarded jarius and they guarded digs like the 12 yard guy and the deep guy. And I'm like, this is perfect case can throw me the ball. I'll get like 10, 12 yards and get out of bounds. Now we're 10 yards closer to that field goal. And you know, I'm, I run to the flat thinking the ball's coming look over my shoulder and he chucks it to Jarius Wright who like was probably like 15 yards downfield over his head out of bounds.


I'm like, shit. Like now what are we gonna do? Like, you know that that would've been 10, 15 yards. We just wasted, you know, however many five, six seconds. So we called come back, we called the exact same play and the next time the corner jumped me in the flat And, it was like, so we were in the bunch, I run to the flat, the corner covered me right away. And immediately I'm like, what the fuck are you doing? Yeah, well you're not supposed to be here. No. Like you, we have no time outs. We need like 35 yards to get in the field goal range. If he throws me the ball, we're doing you a favor. Yeah. I'm, I'm not gonna be able to get 35 yards and get out of bounds. Like why and why would you cover me?


Because he didn't have the Last play. And he was like, fuck, I should have gone to Kyle. I, yeah. But ultimately that left Jarius and digs two on one with whoever that safety was. He chucked it to digs. We all saw, you know, saw the play where he catches it keeps his balance. The, you know, safety Johnson, he, I think he's in Baltimore now. Okay. Yeah. And we all were like yelling like you gotta get outta bounds. Yeah. And, It keeps going to going to me. Like I think about that, if that was me in that situation, I probably would've caught the ball and ran outta bounds immediately. And then it would've been up to a kicker to win the game. Which obviously we saw how that went for us once in the past where this Was a couple times in Vikings.


Yeah. I, I caught a ball. So in that Seahawks game I caught a ball in that two minute drill and like got to the nine yard line. And so I like went outta bounds at the nine yard line thinking this game's over. So for me it's like I would've caught that ball and probably went right outta bound because that's what you're supposed to do. And for Diggs to like have the wherewithal to keep his balance and then just like run and score. Yeah. It was amazing. That's Incredible. Now tough question but do you think the way that game ended had anything to do with how you guys came out against the Eagles the next week? Yeah. Or were the Eagles just that good? I mean they were obviously On the Super Bowl run. No, I think, I think it was a combination of that. But then also like I remember like that Eagles game, we went right down the field. The first drive and scored.


Yeah like I caught a touchdown. It was seven, nothing. They went maybe three and out, but like they didn't have the ball long on offense. We got the ball back a couple first downs were like getting ready to cross midfield. And I remember thinking to myself like, man, these, these Philly fans, if we can score and go up 14, nothing like they might boo Nick Foles outta here and like we'll get 'em to turn and have the advantage being on the road. And, it was like the next third down we threw a Pick, six And. it was like And. it was just all over. It Was over like Yeah they were cranking Meek Mill and like you just, it was like someone hit a bee's nest with a stick and I mean just the place was going bananas.


So everyone sees that score. I was like 38 to seven or something. I don't even remember what the final was, but so they made it seven seven, then it was 14 seven. We had the ball on like the 10 or 12 yard line getting ready to score with a minute or two left before half. And again, I run a corner out, I look over my shoulder thinking the ball's gonna be in the air. The game's tied 1414. And all of a sudden I come outta my break, look over my shoulder, there's no ball. So then ultimately I looked down to the quarterback. Well the ball was on the ground so Case had got strip sacked.


So instead of the game being tied 1414, they have a sack fumble. They go down and score 21 7, they get the ball to start the second half. 28, 7. The next time we touched the ball it was 28 7 instead of 14. 14. Yeah. And so, and it's like it's over. So It wasn't how you came out? No, it was just, It wasn't how we came out. And then for them honestly, like they were hitting everything. Like Foles hit a flea flicker to Tory Smith. Like he literally caught it like 50 yards downfield almost out of bounds. Yeah. He hit Alsa and Jeffrey on a bomb. Like they were just dialing it up. Did it fuck you up though, a little knowing you're going to this NFC championship game in the Super Bowls at home? Well it had never happened at that. I know. And Then it happened with the Bucks. Yeah.


Bucks and Rams. It was like two outta the next three years. It happened right away after we were so close it fucked me up more coming back after we lost and then like having Philly and New England come to Minneapolis like that. That sucked. Yeah. I remember landing that was, I was fortunate to be in the Pro Bowl that year. So after coming back from the NFC championship loss, we went to Orlando for the week. And it like gave us a break. Being in Orlando for the week, you didn't really think about it. But we landed back from Orlando that Monday, the big Super Bowl saw And. it was like the whole airport was decked out in Super Bowl gear. Like the Patriots plane had landed while we were in the terminal. And like you see it And that's where I was like, I gotta Get the hell up here And. it was also, I, I remember that Super Bowl week so well 'cause I have a bunch of friends from Minnesota and I went out to dinner with them I think that Friday night and they were like, thank God we had like decent weather this week.


It was like 20 degrees all week. Right. But they were right. Like that was actually like incredible weather for The middle of February. Yeah. I think it was like up until Thursday or maybe even Friday morning that week. It, it was, it was like in the twenties, which is a Heat wave. The weekend though. Like Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Yeah, it was brutally cold. I Remember that Friday it was like negative eight walking out to the car and I was like, what the Fuck? Yeah. But they were like, yeah, no, it's been incredible how like it's been beautiful. Sun's out. It's 20 degrees. We're like, we're worried about this weather and it's been awesome weather. Do you have any expectations put on you if you're, if it it's your hometown that's hosting the Super Bowl, do those players on the teams, like are you doing any events that week or anything? Yeah, I mean for us I felt like it was kind of unique because it wasn't like we had four weeks to plan it.


Having not made the playoffs. Right. Yeah. Like we were fully anticipating, you know, for me it's like I'm coming back to Minnesota, I'm gonna have like my wife worry about the tickets. Like you handle all that stuff. I gotta focus on a game. Instead we lost, went to Orlando, came home and then basically at that point it was like, how much money can I make this week? Yeah. Being that it's in our hometown. Yeah. Like make as much money as possible with all the appearances and whatnot. And then for us, we got the hell out of there. I think it was like Friday or Saturday we went to Did You, you didn't come to the worst sparse party ever did you? I was there. Oh That was so bad. Bad. That was pretty bad. Yeah, that was, I just remember no one could get in Warhouse. Was That the venue? Yeah. No one could get in. Yeah, No. You might be thinking of of the live radio setup that we had.


Oh yeah. On that Friday we had this big indoor Yeah It was like in the, there was like rows like a, it was like an atrium. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You were there. Yeah that was, yeah. I just remember SVP called me. He's like, they're, I'm standing in line in like 10 degree weather. Exactly. And you stand in line, you're Freezing. Yeah. And Greg Olson I think got a table And. it was just taken And. it was, it was. That was an embarrassing. And Glenny Balls had to get called outside to bring some famous musician and I'm trying to remember who it was. It was bad. It was like flow ride or something We did. And he had to go grab our Super Bowl party history is like, we just crushed it in Houston. The first year And we, I remember that. We should never have done it again. That was the best party ever. And every single one after that was Downhill. That Ja Rule and Ashanti It was.


Yeah. Yeah. And. it was like everyone came and everyone was like that's the best party of the week. We should have just walked off right here. White Trucks Miami, the torrential downpour. Oh yeah. Yeah. You hit that one. Absolutely. Yeah. Rough and Rowdy. Rowdy got washed out. Yeah. Yeah. Like the apocalypse, the bridge was like on fire. Coer mcg just sitting in like in like three feet of rain. Yeah. That picture I met our party. I was actually just looking at a list here of quarterbacks that you've caught touchdown passes from. 'cause I looked it up, I was like, well Tom Brady's, you know obviously won from him. Can you name every quarterback that you've caught a touchdown from? Yeah. Christian Ponder, Matt Castle, Joe Webb. Joe Webb. Joe Webb. What was that like? I believed in Joe Webb That was in Washington on Christmas Eve.


Joe, I lost a lot of money thinking Joe Webb was gonna go into Green Bay and the playoff game. I believe so I was like Joe Webb is the answer. Michael Vick did it. Joe Webb. The Next. That was so that 2011 was when I caught the touchdown from Joe Webb on Christmas Eve second to last. That was the game. We beat Washington in Washington so we didn't get Andrew Luck. We would've had the number one overall pick if we had lost to Washington And we lost to Chicago the next week. So Joe Webb kept us from having Andrew Luck, Joe Webb. But ultimately, yeah, so that Joe Webb, the next year Christian got hurt. Week 17. We beat Green Bay at home to then play them in the wild car round in Green Bay.


And the whole week we like, 'cause media's only at practice during the individual period. And like Christian pretended like he was practicing even though he couldn't even throw a football And. it was like we tried to keep it a secret that Joe was gonna be the starter. But then ultimately we didn't change anything. Like we didn't change the offense to shoot Joe Webb in his Skillset. Yeah. I thought you were gonna go Joe a full Joe Webb on him. Yes. The next week Green Bay goes to San Fran and Colin Kaepernick runs all over. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like we had That guy and week before we could have just let Joe run all over the place. I Haven't thought of Joe Webb forever. That was big believer in Joe Webb. A very frustrating playoff game to watch. I was like do something so cool.


I know you can Do Joe Webb, Joe Cold love Joe to death from Birmingham, Alabama. You know like as Joe's lips are frozen in Green Bay, like with his thick like Birmingham accent trying to hear him enunciate the plays. Yeah. That was a challenge in itself. Yeah. Then it would've been, let's See, who'd you say so far? You said Christian, ponder Christian Tom Brady, Christian Joe Webb. Yeah. I'm gonna go chronological order. That'd probably be my best chance. So it would be Christian Joe, Matt Castle, Teddy Bridgewater, Sam Bradford, case Keenum, Kirk Cousins, Daniel Jones and then Tom Brady.


There's one. One more. Who would it Have been? Matt Castle. You said? Matt. Oh you said Matt Castle. Okay. All right. You got 'em all Because then there's, I mean there, I've also had games that I've started with quarterbacks as well that didn't catch touchdowns from too. Yeah. So you've got Donovan McNabb, Marcus Freeman, Sean Hill. A lot of people thought that Marcus Freeman was the best quarterback coming outta college. Yeah. Or no, that's Josh Freeman. Josh Freeman. That's what Josh, That's what I met. Josh Freeman. Josh Free. Marcus Freeman's the head cushion. The Donovan McNabb Vikings era Was Donovan five games. Yeah. I went to, I went to a Monday night Game Bears. That was the last, yeah. Bears Viking. And he was, I just remember sitting there like chuckling to myself. 'cause every pass was just like five yards in front of everyone in.


Yeah. So that was, that was Donovan Christian started the next week. The Josh Freeman Can't wait. I said Marcus Freeman. What a fucking idiot. A coach at Notre Dame. That's okay. Yeah. Josh Freeman, we played in London against the Steelers. We were Oh and three, Christian was the starter for the first three weeks. He got smoked in like a Browns game. Remember I think his Phil Taylor was like the big defensive tackle from the Browns. Yeah. Massive dude. Like he hit Christian, I think he broke like two or three of his ribs. So Christian was out when we went to London. Matt Kessel started, we beat the Steelers in London and like we were talking about it over there on Yak. Like we stayed the night in London and then flew home the next morning.


We were one in three, but we were going into the bi-week with a win. We had a huge good time in London. Flew back, Matt started the next week against Carolina. That was the, the year that Carolina won like 15 in a row or something. So they beat us And. it was like ultimately Josh, we had traded for Josh Freeman over the bi-week. He had been there for like five practices. Yeah. We started him on Monday night in New York. And. it was like one of the historically worst performances by a quarterback ever. And I felt so bad for him. He had been there for five days. That's brutal And. we were like, yeah, let's throw him out there on Monday night Football against the Giants. So that was bad. But then they ran that back with Josh Dobbs.


Right. This, This might be a a dumb Yeah, dumb question. And this is probably just like my memory and just all the years of football. Was Josh Freeman a big snake guy? Yeah, he Was. He had him like all over his place Apparently. Yeah, he was a big snake guy. Was really? Yeah. Yeah. Like I don't know why that, that's a fact. I never wish I didn't have in my brain. I could remember like what I'm doing later today, but I'm like no I actually just have Josh Freeman was a snake guy in my Yeah, Yeah. I never, never went to a spot. But I heard that like he just kind of had 'em everywhere. Like they weren't in in like glass cage. Yeah. They were just Living with free range. Yeah. Yeah. Free range. That's Interesting. Snake guy. Yeah. I mean coming outta college, the big argument was who do you want Cam State? Yeah. Cam Newton or Josh Freeman. And I feel like Cam Newton might have won that debate. Yeah, I would say so.


I'd say he probably won that one. Yeah. I mean, but Josh, I mean he could throw it a hundred yards. I mean he had an absolute cannon Who's, who's the hardest, what's the hardest you've ever been hit by any player? Lance Briggs. Oh Shit. Chicago. He had a lot of, he had a lot of muscle behind him. He, it was the Sunday after Thanksgiving we were playing in Chicago noon kickoff. I was running like a crossing route. I didn't get the ball and he came down and just like smoked me. Probably would be a penalty today. Yeah. Do you get mad about that? I Was like sitting on the ground And. it was kind of like one of those things I was collecting my thoughts didn't really hit me right away.


I was like, okay. Like he hit me pretty good. Go back to the huddle. The next play was fourth in goal. We ended up turning it over on Downs. Went to the sideline. I think the Bears went three and out. They punted it back to us and then like the, we went three and out on the next drive, And, we got the ball back, And it. It was autopilot. Like I was out there. I was in the huddle. I was where I was supposed to be. I ran the route that I was supposed to run. I blocked like no clue. Yeah, no recollection. Come to the sideline and like one of the practice squad tight ends like tossed me a like a beanie. And I'm like, bro, what's this for? He's like, get your hat. I'm Like, holy shit. Wait, What do I need a hat for? And they were like, Suge, like our head trainer, like Suge, you need to talk to Rudy.


And he's, he's a little out there right now. And so sure enough they like came over and like, you know, do you know who we're playing? You didn't have an answer? No. Oh Wow. They were like, do you know what month it is? And I was like, October. I was sure as shit. It was October. I said the Sunday after Thanksgiving. Yeah. I said October like that. Nailed it. Nailed it. Yeah. And I'm like, lemme get back in the game. So they took me to the locker room. I failed my iPad test miserably. Our head doctor was like, you know, do you have anybody at home that can look out after you tonight? You know, just make sure you're all right. I'm like, yeah, I live with Harrison Smith. You're like, he's on the fucking table over there, knock themselves out in the first quarter.


And they're like, well do both of you have someone that can take care of you? Like Yeah, yeah, yeah. My now wife Jordan, it's like she'll take care of us. Oh, so yeah. She took care of both of you? Yeah, both of us. And. it was funny because they like told her, they're like, you know, try to, you know, typical don't watch tv. Like make sure you wake him up throughout the course of the night. And like we, we got back and we're like watching Sunday night football in a dark room. Exactly what you're not supposed to do. And then don't you dare wake us up. Like if we're sleeping, don't wake us up. But yeah, so that, that was the hardest I ever got hit And. it was funny because after, after I said that and I walked like back towards my locker, it like immediately came back.


Like something triggered my mind that Notre Dame, I think there was like a, I saw because we had Everson Griffin and Matt Khalil Castle may have been on the team at that. We had like a bunch of USC guys on the team and like, I don't know if I put like a Notre Dame something in one of their lockers or it triggered my memory like right away. And I like turned and ran back and I'm like, it's the Sunday after Thanksgiving. Notre Dame just beat USC last night. Like I'm good. And they're like, hit the showers, like you're not going back out there. So the iPad test that they give you what, what was on the iPad? Yeah. It's like a lot of like memory thing and like numbers. So like, hey here's five numbers in order. Like repeat 'em back.


Or you know, here's six words. Like we want you to remember 'em and then we're gonna ask you other questions and we're gonna come back and say like, Hey read me the six words if you don't know what month it is or who you're, I don't even know why they gave me the iPad test. Right. Like I clearly I failed. Well you were confident with October. Yeah. So maybe they're like, oh he's got it. Yeah. They just want to have you believe in it. Yeah. I love the idea of them sending you and Harrison Smith home together and just like, okay, look after each other. Yeah. Take care of one another. You guys, You guys got this. So what was that like living with a teammate? Was that, was it always Fun? It cool, you know, like, so Harry and I obviously we went to Notre Dame together. He was a year ahead of me at Notre Dame. So he was there for five, I left after three. So he got to Notre Dame in oh seven.


I got to Minnesota in 11 and then he got there in 12. So I had already been there for a year. We drafted him in the first round and like he was trying to figure out kinda where to live. And I'm like, dude, just live with me. Like let's live together. Yeah. And, it was, it was awesome. Like we, we had a blast. It was, you know, to be able to live with like one of your college buddies as you're both still trying to like figure out the whole NFL thing. For me it was year two. It was, it was good. It was a good year for us both too. Like we went to the playoffs, you know, Harry kind of, I don't think a lot of people expected him to be as good of a professional as he was like right away. You know, he came in, I think he had three touchdowns as a rookie.


Like pick sixes just balled out from the beginning. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so I got a couple last questions. It's been awesome catching up with you. Do you still talk to Charlie Weiss? I do actually. And, and his per, 'cause I think you were the one who told us about the birds. So Fuego. Yeah. So Fuego, I think you were the one who were You not maybe? No, Who told us about the birds first. We Might have invented the bird, but then we talked to Charlie Weiss. He's like, yeah, I got a bird. I got A bird. He's got, he's got two birds. Okay. That he lives in his house and they like attack people and they walk in asshole Parrot named Sogo. So Fuego. No, I, so every time I would spend ti he always had like golden retriever. Like dogs don't remember the birds. But yeah, Charlie, I, I still talk to Charlie probably weekly. I was just texting with him the other day.


I saw him, he came over, you know, obviously he lives on the Atlantic side of South Florida. So he drove over to Tampa a couple weeks ago. We got together. But for me, like 18 years old, you go to college and your head coach is so much more than a head coach for you at that point in your life. Like he, for me, he really became like a, a father figure and someone that I'm still super close with to, to this day. And Charlie's awesome man. He's lost like 150 pounds or, or something. Holy shit. Yeah, good friend. He looks great. Like when I saw him a couple weeks ago, he's moving around as good as I've ever seen him move around. Charlie Junior's got a couple kids now and it's just like, think he's an ole miss, right?


Yeah. He's the offensive coordinator at Ole Miss. And I think that really kind of just, you know, opened his eyes to, you know, like, I need to get it together. Like, you know, Charlie, the grandkids, like I wanna be here for them. And it's been awesome. You know, we, one of my college roommates, Mike Gollick Jr. His family has a charity event back in South Bend every summer, do a cool golf tournament and stuff. And Charlie was back this year, we had like 10 or 12 of the guys from my class And. it was just awesome to see 'em, awesome to spend time with them and see 'em doing so well. That's Awesome. You ever hang out with Gollick pugs? Yeah. Yeah. So the dogs are always around. They're, they're just the best family. I mean like all the kids, they are the Mr.


Goli, Mrs. Goli. They, they really took all of us in. They were kind of like our parents when we were in school. And they're, they're good people. Yeah, Yeah. No, we love the golis. We always love the Goli. All right, so my last question,


rollback question RH opa c k.com promo code. Take 20% off of your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, rollback.com, promo code take.


So you, you, you came to the office today where it was awesome. We did the pro football show, which will be out Friday night. You're doing a bunch, you did the gauntlet, you're not plugging anything. But we gotta plug the fact that you are still doing an awesome foundation. So we gotta talk about it. That's yeah, that's what you're doing. So when, for me, coming out of the pandemic, Jason Zucker, who played for the Minnesota Wild, he is on the Buffalo Saber currently. We did a ton of stuff together in the Twin Cities around Masonic Children's Hospital. And you know, we had all the traditional events. We had the, the Barstool Golf guys out to our golf tournament. Like I remember that. Yeah. We had Dave and Riggs Trent, Frankie, like when Frankie was Dave's camera guy, like I give 'em a hard time 'cause it's like way before any of you guys were famous, you were celebrities in my golf tournament.


And like now they're huge. They were not famous at the time, they were celebrities in, in our golf tournament. But we always had those traditional events like the, the fancy events, the golf tournaments. Hell, we even created like a beer Olympics on Lake Minnetonka, which is a touchy subject given the history of the Vikings in Lake Minnetonka, Fred. Well, and the history of the beer Olympics Yes. For us. So we, we called it the Lake Bash. That was our like, politically correct way of saying we're gonna raise money for a children's hospital, but we're gonna play flip cup and quarters and beer pong and all this fun stuff. So it's like we tried to find as many creative ways as we possibly could to raise money for the children's hospital there.


And the children's hospital is amazing. Like the, the nurses, the doctors, the staff, everybody, they're incredible. I've loved serving them as much as we can over the course of my time there. And you know, for me it was really coming out of the pandemic where we didn't have any events, right? Like you couldn't have all the traditional charity events that you always had. And sitting down with Jason and some of our other supporters from the Children's Hospital who have become co-founders in Altru, the company that we started to ultimately raise money for nonprofits was we wanted to come up with a way in which, like you think about sports, particularly sports, obviously now we're in music, we have it's wild with right now on our website on altru.com.


I wanna challenge the Duallys because the Swifties went crazy this week. I'm going to the Taylor Swift concert next Friday in New Orleans. Okay. Thanks to DeMar Davis. He had a suite there. You know, he hooked us up with some tickets. My daughters probably won't see the show, so I can say this. I'm taking my 8-year-old twin daughter. So my wife and I are taking our twin daughters over. Like they're super jacked about it. But we had two extra tickets. And, we put them on our platform to raise money for the hurricane relief, which we've lived through both of 'em. Yeah. And like seeing the Tampa Bay area and the destruction from Helene, which a lot of people don't realize because the storm hit so much further north.


And you hear about Carolinas and Tennessee and Georgia, they don't realize how bad the Tampa area flooded from Helene. And then obviously from Milton, you know, that was a direct path right through there, And, it was like everybody pretty much already had their lives out at the curb because it was flooded. And then this, you know, storm rolls through with high winds and it's just, it's been pretty catastrophic for just that Bay area. And I was like, look, we did so much for Minnesota when we were in Minnesota. And I get it, I was here for like a cup of coffee. I don't even, I played like five games for the Bucks. I think I, I was in sweats a majority of that season, but I'm like, this is home now. We want to do something to support this community.


And, we have these tickets that people are just dying Yeah. to get, they're in a suite at the Caesar Superdome in New Orleans. So we threw those up and I mean, it was like $25,000 of charity right away. Oh, that's awesome. For And like she's not even associated with it. Yeah. Like they're not even promoting. This is just people seeing it on the site and like a, we wanna support the hurricane relief and B like the Swifties came out and supported big time. So I need the stool. These Okay. To dominate the swifties here on the back And we got through the weekend. And then basically the way our platform works is we, most of the time we partner with celebrities. So, you know, whether it be, we actually did something with the foreplay guys.


So the Fourplay guys sent a winner and a guest to the Ryder Cup when it was in Paris. And the way we do it is like, we want to create those once in a lifetime opportunities that most of the time are out of reach for diehard sports fans. Yeah. Your diehard sports fans. Not spending 10,000 bucks in a live auction to, to buy that trip. Yeah. It's priced out of a majority of our, our fans who spend their hard-earned money on the game they can go to or the season tickets or, you know, whatever they can do to support their team with us. You can support your favorite player, your favorite musician, your favorite actor for as little as $10. And it's like we do donations directly to their nonprofit from $10 to $500.


And then you have chances to win these once in a lifetime. Yeah. Okay. That's Awesome. It's, it's a sweepstakes model in which, you know, for us, we have four co-founders who are to our core, you know, philanthropists, And, it's about raising as much money as we possibly can for these other individuals charities. So we, and providing a platform for that. We, we, we aren't, we don't go to anything, but let's, let's do something with us. Let's have let someone, let's, let's do an auction where someone can watch NFL football with us on a Sunday. So come to the Gambling cave. I I would love that. Let, let's do it with you guys. Yeah, we'll, we'll give fans the opportunity to That would be awesome. Pick you pick the charity. Yeah. So you get to pick the non-profit and we'll, we'll get it up and going and, and get the stools.


I love it. To have an opportunity to hang out with you guys. Yeah, that would be awesome Fun. We'd be happy to do that. And then when the next Rider Cup comes around me and Big Cat, were just talking about this, they're pricing out all the real golf fans here in America. So if you want to go up to Bethpage and watch the Ryder Cup. Was it 750 a ticket? Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. I saw that sheet that came out with the ticket prices. Maybe We can do something like that and send stay's house a diehard golf fan. Yeah. That's not able to afford. We're in though. It's crazy because in, in three years we've raised I think like over $6 million for charity. We've worked with over 165 different nonprofits. And to me that's one of the cool parts is like what we were able to do in Minneapolis with the Children's Hospital was amazing. And again, to serve those doctors, patients, families, nurses, it's great for that community.


And like the legacy that we were able to leave as a family in that small community is cool. That's awesome. But now what Altru allows us to do is impact organizations all across the country. And even like, we worked with Sidney Crosby last year and we're getting ready to launch again with Sid, his foundation's in Canada. Right. It's like a youth camp in Canada that we fund for him through an experience to go to a Penguins game and like meet Sid and get a signed stick. And you know, to your point, like the diehard sports fans are often priced out of these once in a lifetime experiences. And of the, call it 170 winners that we've had over the last three years, it's almost interesting how good like fate is.


And, we were just two weeks ago I was in LA for Arnold Schwartzenegger had a poker tournament at his house to benefit after school. All Stars is his nonprofit And. we call him rallies 'cause it's a sweepstakes. But ultimately we're trying to get fans to rally behind these causes and these celebrities. And so we did a rally with Arnold where the winner got to go to Arnold's house and play in the poker tournament. Go to That's awesome. And go to the event. That's awesome. And it's like to buy a seat at that event, it was like 50 grand right. To have a spot at the poker event. And this woman who's a diehard Arnold fan with like an Arnold tattoo on her thigh, won the opportunity to meet at their house. That's so perfect. Perfect. And so to me, like, yes, we're raising money for, for all these great nonprofits and like that's a win in itself because what I've tried to create is almost like a completely different pool of charitable dollars.


These little like 10, 25, $50 donations wouldn't be going to charity if you didn't have a reason to give 'em. Right. It would just be all of the events and the high net worth donations and the corporate sponsors, like all of that money that's always been going to charity will continue to go, how do we take that, call it billion dollar market and, and raise more money and add to it. But then the flip side is the winners. Yeah. And when you, when you tell these people that they won and they, they can't believe it. We, with the Minnesota Vikings Foundation over the summer, we gave away a brand new Ford F-150. Oh hell yes. So Northland Ford dealers in Minnesota pony up a brand new F-150 they donated to the charity.


Vikings fans got to donate for a chance to win a new truck. And sure enough, the winner was like a local St. Paul Guy had a Viking season ticket holder for 25 years. We get his address. Victor, literally the mascot and I roll up to his house, knock on the door, and like this dude had a rusted out F-150 in his drop. Oh, that's perfect And. it was like so cool. I mean, he just starts crying right away. He was like, I I don't ever buy myself a new truck. 'cause I got my wife a new car and he is like, I've been to season ticket holder for 25 years. I love the Vikings. I'm like, let's go pick out your truck. Oh. Like you give them your trust. Oh yeah. So the the winner side is almost as cool as raising the Money for.


Yeah. That's amazing. I I do have to follow up since you, you alluded to the love boat, Fred Smo and the love cruise that you guys had. This is before your time. It was, you weren't there. I think that was 2006. Oh six. I was still in high school, but Okay. Trust me, I lived on Lake Minnetonka and like the first time we went out on Lake Minnetonka, it was brought to our attention immediately. This is what happened. Don't do it. Yeah. Yeah. So what, what stories were still in the building. Were there guys still from that team? Yeah, I think the, the funniest story And, it really wasn't even from two stories. I'll tell two stories. First of which was a result of love boat and or love cruise, whatever they called it And. it was Chad Greenway who's like a dear friend of mine, like was a mentor.


As soon as I got drafted to the Vikings took me under his wing. He was their first, first round draft pick that next year. And he's like, they 100% drafted me because I was like a clean cut white guy from Iowa And. it was like, we gotta clean up our image. Like we can't be having like this love boat, love boat. So he swears that's why he got drafted by the Vikings. So that was a funny story from it. And the other was like the team meeting that followed, you know, so the, it happens like it hits the news, everybody gets called into the facility. The Will family had just bought the team. Like they just bought the team in oh six. And so Mark and Ziggy are there and they're talking to the team and Mark doesn't have much of an accent.


Like Mark speaks, you know, they're from New Jersey, but you, you wouldn't know that Mark is foreign. And you know, so Ziggy on the other hand, like still has a very thick accent and the guy said that, you know, Ziggy was just like, you could tell he was so disappointed in everybody on the team and he's kind of going through it and he's like, you know, I just, and everybody in their minds thinking like, what's he gonna say? Like, what's he gonna say that he's most disappointed about? Yeah. Like was it the hookers on the boat or the drugs that were all over the place or like whatnot. And he goes, I just, I I can't understand how you would pee in someone's yard.


'cause like when the guys got all got off the boat, that's what got him bus. Yeah. Guys got in trouble. Someone was peeing in someone's backyard. Oh man. And that's like the police report was that someone was peeing in someone's backyard, And. it wasn't that there was a million hookers getting off the boat and drugs everywhere. And they like, again talking Jim Klein saucer, who was a tight end when I got there as a rookie going into his 13th year, Jim would tell that story and he's just like, I was dying. He's like, you're thinking of what's the worst thing he could possibly say that Yeah. This poor guy who just bought the team heard that one of our morons was doing on this boat. Yeah. I just can't believe you guys would pee in someone's yard. That was like the most disappointing world.


I would've Been sick if you was like, I just can't believe you guys didn't invite me. We just bought the team. We Just spent all this money and you guys didn't give us an invite. Yeah. Well Kyle, thanks so much man for coming by. Always great to see you And. we will set it up so we'll let everyone knows it when we get it set up and we'll, we'll do something fun for the stools and always great having you on, man. I appreciate you guys. It, I can't believe it had been, I know since 2016. I mean, I see you guys all the time. Big Cat we hang out at, at Baja Mars. Yeah, We, we went to In The Bahamas, went Dinner in The Bahamas, But yeah, I hadn't, hadn't gotten on the show in a while. So Just randomly checking into the hotel and for our one vacation a year after Super Bowl, me and my wife And, it was just Kyle standing there with his wife. It's like, all right, let's go to dinner.


Yeah, we both did the exact same thing. It was like the season ended And, we left the kids at home and went to The Bahamas to have our trip. But yeah, no, I appreciate you guys. It's been awesome to be back. I tried to dust out my old big country t-shirt. Oh, That's right. Yeah, I still have that somewhere. Yeah. Yeah. One of the best T-shirts. Yeah, I, you know, a it was like the soft cotton type T-shirt, but then just the fact that there's not a, aside from enjoying country music, like Yeah, there's not a country bone in my body. Yeah. We just put a nickname on you that Didn't work. Big white guy with tattoos like And. it went vi like still to this day, I have people like yo big country, like, what's up man? Man, You from a Country though. That I am from a country and then like country is in my family.


Like my mom grew up on a dairy farm. Like it's in there, but I'm not. Yeah, you're not. I was Like soft grew up in Cincinnati. Who's next up? Maybe you can pass the nickname down. Maybe there's always one tied in in the NFL. That's big country. Yeah. Well We could go through it. I mean, I Cole here earlier. Yeah, Cole could be leading down Street. Cole Cole could be a great big country and he's just like, I grew up in, in the suburbs, like the rich area of Chicago has probably never spent a day in his life on a farm. Big country Could be a good thing. I kinda like country. Do You wanna get, you want pass that down to Cole? We'll, We'll we'll convene after this. I think we gotta go through a, a more formal vetting process. Yeah. Okay. But We're gonna watch football tonight. We'll, we'll we'll figure it out. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds good. We'll definitely pass it on to someone that doesn't deserve it much like I didn't deserve It either.


Alright. Thanks so much, Kyle. Yeah. Appreciate it guys. Thanks man.


Kyle Rudolph was brought to you by the PFL Professional Fighters League. The MMA event of the year of the Battle of the Giants is coming up fast. Lineal heavyweight world champion Francis Nano makes his return to the cage verse Nan Ferrera world's MMA Go. Chris Cyborg takes on 2023 PFL Champ Larissa Pacheco. Johnny Lin goes toe to toe with Fabian Edwards with a Bellator Middleweight title on the line. The Battle of the Giants nano verse Ferrera goes down Saturday, October 19th, 4:00 PM Eastern. That's 4:00 PM Eastern on ESPN plus pay-per-view. And you can get involved with an official sports betting partner of the PFL Draftking Sports book. Draftking Sports book. The crown is yours. Go check it out. And now here he is, Francis Nano Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas, 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. See DraftKings dot com slash sportsbook for eligibility terms and responsible gaming resources.


Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. He is one of the toughest guys in the world. It's Francis Nnu. He's getting, he's with us right now via hologram, getting ready for his big fight October 19th. It's the Battle of the Giants. Nnu v Ferrera goes down October 19th at 4:00 PM Eastern on ESPN plus pay-per-view and D zone pay-per-view. Francis, first of all, thank you for joining us. We are looking at you. It looks like you're in this room with us. I know you said you've never done a hologram before, but it's pretty damn cool from this end. So thank you for doing this. You're welcome. Okay, thank you. I mean, as I said, I feels little uncomfortable.


Yes. Little uncomfortable. Yeah. Like the hologram stuff. I never done that. I mean, at least not as a entity. Yes. Yeah. I have done a hologram, but not for entity. Yeah, Yeah. Well it, it does look cool on our end. It's gonna come out cool for our fans. So let's talk about the fight. October 19th, you're getting back in the octagon, you are putting on the MMA gloves again. Are you, what's going through your head now that you've had like, you know, had a couple years off switched to boxing? Now back to this, do you feel like you had to sharpen your skills and, and kind of relearn some things? Or is it like getting on a bike and just riding it again? It's not like relearn something, but it's like getting on the bike and ride it again.


Obviously like after a while you can like question if you're gonna ride it as you used to, you know, as far as performance and stuff. But at the end of the day, the ski is still there, then it just take couple months to shove the skis, you know? Yeah. So it is like ride riding a bike, like going to the gym the first time you are worried like, am I even going to remember how this work? Like, did I forget something? And then you get in the gym, you get on the mat, you find yourself in situation And. it just feels like you were there two days ago.


Yeah. Do you, do you feel like boxing made you a better MMA fighter? I think both are very different sport. They are very completely different because like, even if like you perform your, your boxing, like the, the training that you do for boxing the position, the, the guard and everything is not what other for MMA, but you, you have to like be very careful of your posture after coming from boxing to MMA. Because if you stand, like you're standing in boxing in MMA with a, giving an opportunity to a guy to kick your legs, to take you down and all the stuff is not good at all.


Yeah, Yeah. I could imagine like, have you noticed yourself doing that in training where you catch yourself every now and then doing like a boxing stance or acting like you're in boxing? No. So that doesn't happen when you're training and getting ready for this fight? No, no, no. It's not like I've been doing boxing for, I don't know, for 10 years and now I have a body motor metabolism for it. Like, no. Yeah, I've been doing MMA mostly. So going back into MMA is easier. I mean, what would it be complicated? Would it be like to come to do boxing from MMA after being doing MMA for such a long time? You know, but again, I was always able to distinguish both of them, make the difference between boxing and MMA.


Yeah. And, and you said that the punches are harder in MMA, right? In UFCI Mean, technically, yes. I mean, in MMA remember it is four ounce gloves with sometime like with your les your nick, some of your nickles knocked open. So sometime you get caught by that. That's why like, you'll find a lot of injury in mm MA in MMA knee and elbow are allowed. And I think those are more brutal. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. How, how, this is a dumb question for you. How awesome does it feel when you connect with a punch and knock someone out that's gotta feel like the coolest feeling in the world where you're like, man, like I, I could never knock anyone out.


I'm, I'm a pussy. But for you like hitting someone perfect, is it just an incredible feeling? Like adrenaline rush? I Think winning is an incredible feeling. Like, you know, like right in the action with the adrenaline and everything when you're fighting, you don't think about like, oh, I knocked this guy out, like the punches. You know, you just think about the overall result. Right. Which is the, what matters most. Because like sometimes during the fight you can really feel like you connect with someone and then he doesn't go down. Right. And sometime somebody goes down like, and you are even like wondering why he's down, like if he slipped because you didn't feel like you truly connect, but yet you clip him in some way.


Yeah. What's the most satisfying way to win? I have my own answer, but I haven't fought very much UFC, so maybe you have a different one than I do. Well, the most satisfying way to win is to have your hand raised. That's the most, if you are asking about the most, is to have your hand raised. And then it depend on the play out, you know, on, on how the fight play plays out. I think sometime you go to a tough battle and then you come back, you win the fight. And it is more satisfying, you know, than when you just get in the fight and get a knockout that seems like, of course you are fresh, you know, you are not hurt.


But he can be, he can be you like a lucky shot. Yeah. Yeah. I, I think the, I think the best way, at least as a, a spectator is a liver shot when you connect on a body shot and then like two seconds later they, they collapse the ground. That's my favorite one to watch. Ah, okay. That's cool. Yeah. I, I also, the, the UFC, like a guillotine choke. You've done that before. You've submitted someone with a guillotine choke, have you in training, in everything. Have you ever tapped? I've never tapped personally. Have you ever tapped? Yes. Oh wow. I have done Why I would never tap. Well I think no. Why? Because that maybe that's why you're not professional.


No, I've, and I think I can handle myself When you have, when you have somebody in the, in the gym that will not tap, that's not good for training. He's putting people at risk. He's putting his self at risk and you at risk. Because like, I think the confusion here is to understand like the purpose of training of why you are here there, you know, sometime tapping is like, okay, I made a mistake. You know, like, you are there to learn. You are not there to prove anything. And I think tapping is not like, is a sign of weakness. It's like noticing that yes, you did some mistake and then at that point that's maybe raise your awareness of what you did.


Like for not to do it again, you know, of to learn from it instead of like being there and playing tough. Yes. Maybe you might play tough in the gym and don't have to tap and then you get in the fight and then find yourself passing out. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean that's a, He wouldn't, he wouldn't then he wouldn't be productive. Yeah. Your training wouldn't be productive just because of your ego. But if you make your training productive, you're trying to understand, you are not there to prove to people. You know, like I always say like training for me is just exercising. I don't really consider, I'm there to learn. Like, in fact for the most mo most time, like when I have partners, which I think they're not in my level or even if they're at my level, I wanna put my arm, like, to get myself in a difficult situation and see how I can overcome that situation.


You know, I like to get someone on my back. I, I want to like to get some get down and get someone on top of me. Stuff like that, you know, learn, understand like the keys of getting out of those difficult situation, then I learn. But if I stand up, I'm sure this guy will not take me down. Right. So I'd rather just lay down for him, make things easy. And so he helped me walking maybe because this guy is a jisu guy, but he's not the wrestler. He does, he's not strong enough to take me down. Right. So it's for what I want, you know, I put myself in the position to learn. Then I find myself in the ground getting some sometime have to tap because he's a expert in Jisu.


In fact, that's why I get him there. Yeah, yeah. To help me understand what's going on. Yeah. I mean that's a, that actually now I think I will tap. 'cause Francis nano, one of the toughest guys in the world said, it's okay to tap. I'm not gonna tap because I'm never gonna fight Francis Nano. Yeah. That's my one rule. Yeah. I've always said that my entire life, if I ever meet you, I'm not gonna fight you. You can, you can try all you want, but I'm not gonna punch you. When you're training for this fight, are you, are you trying to find somebody that mimics the style of your opponent? Do you have somebody that, that you hand select because you think that it matches up with what your opponent's gonna do? Of course you always do that. How does always like match up Also, like, it's not all only about your opponent, it's all also about your strategy.


Like what is the strategy that you wanna implement in the fight? What's your game plan? How do you think you should approach the fight? You know? And also your, your sparring partner could be picked up into that, you know, like for example, you want a strike and then you, you better have a good training sparring partner. You wanna wrestle, you better have a, a sparring good wrestler as a sparring partner to get you work dose muscles conjection. Because otherwise you will get in the fight and in the first action, like you feel the congestion in your hands and blood flow and everything.


You can't move anymore. Yeah. Yeah. This, it might be a dumb question, but do you ever get scared? I would say nervous. Yes. Just as nervous as you don't want to lose nerve as nervous as when, I don't know, like when musician is going to a scene, they are, they are nervous, you know, I would never say like scared because you kind of like tell yourself that at the end of the day, what can possibly happen the worst is that I get hit in the face, you know? And at this point I'm not, I'm not into like getting really like consider that I don't wanna to get hit in the face, but he won't be Dr.


A drum is not exactly like what it is. It's not exactly what will humor, you know, so it's okay. Yeah. So your story is incredible. You obviously, you grew up in Cameroon in poverty, you're working in a quarry, moved to, to France. Have you, do you have moments where you sit back, you're like, I can't believe my life and how I was able to make it through all this adversity and, and and basically given no chance to get to where you are right now to being one of the best fighters in the world? Well, yes. There are moments like that. I mean, I still do, I still like when I think from where I came from, when I go where I came from, to see where I am today is still kind of like unbelievable.


Even though it's believable because you have to believe in order to make it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's a great story. It's, it's so Cool. But I don't, yeah. But you know, the thing is that I don't really like just sit down and like count it because I think what I'm focused about right now is like, how far can I go until I stop? You know? Because like where I am today is not where I was yesterday. And then my purpose is to be somewhere else tomorrow and the day after and the day after on all this end. So I look, yes, of course I look back for a reference, but I focus forward.


Do you, do you have a moment when you were growing up or maybe when you moved to France where you had a moment where you're like, I think I might be, I think I might have a special talent here. Like there's something, or or maybe someone told you it and you realized for the first time. 'cause I love those stories of, you know, so incredible athletes having that first light bulb moment where you're like, oh, this, this, I might have something here that's different than everyone else. My light bulbs, my light bulbs wasn't my talent. In fact, I didn't know, I didn't see, I didn't go into a combat sport gym into a boxing gym until I was 22 years old. That's crazy. But, but yet in my entire life I believe in this, I think my light bo ball was fit, you know, determination in order to do what I do and let, let, let's be honest right here.


I don't think I'm the most skills guy. I don't think I'm the most talented guy. In fact, I, I think talent is very important. But I think talent doesn't make you a champion. Talent doesn't make you put you in the top of the game. Like there only One thing is your dedication, your determination and your hard work. Because the most talented people, for some reason, they are not always in top of the game. Yeah. They might maintain play, use talent to get to the mirror and start there. But to get on top of the game, you need way more than talent. And which is something that a lot of people they don't have and they never get in that position.


Yeah. Talent doesn't get you here. So I was luck. I mean, in fact, I think in some way I would say is a luck not to have too much talent. Yeah. I'm very lucky. That's interesting. I'm a very, very lucky man. You have, because when you have talent, you relied on that talent. You trust that talent and then you on the look, the most important side of it, which is like your hard work, which is like your motivation, your determination and all those stuff. You underline them and then that play back on you. Yeah. Even at school you will see talented genius. They never do their homework.


They don't do stuff. They, everything come to them and they just take it as a granted, you know, even though they might be have the first note in the class, they don't study. Yeah, right. But they get to the point that they need to study. But since they never used to study, it's hard for them. But you, the guy that was always in the middle, that was always granting, you know, started, he's there already. He has that core and that's what drive him somewhere more than time. Yeah, it's a great point. Like knowing that you're not the most talented person can be a huge asset. 'cause you know, you have to outwork the most talented person that you see that has it, you know, come to 'em naturally.


What was the point though when you were growing up that you realized that you were super, super strong? I mean, in my family we used to always be strong. We had a reputation of being strong. Even like me as, as far as I can remember, my dad and my uncle, there was like, they were talking about them like the strongest guy in the village around and stuff, you know? So I knew I was, I was strong, but was strong. Strong. Is it enough? Yeah. Is it enough to do whatever you wanna do that you don't know even where to do it? Where to start it?


That was the problem. You know, the problem wasn't about strength. Yes, you're strong, but we are talking about a discipline that you have to practice. You have to learn. And I haven't learned yet. So how come would I be, would I be useful to me? So when you're talking to be strong, when you're talking about determination and, and how much you put in, how much work you put in, what does that look like in your world? Like how, how often are you training? What is, what is your determination? Getting you Determination is not just about like the training. It doesn't come about training. Let me tell you something. I believe in this sport and in what I'm doing, in where I am now, 10 year, 10 years before the first time stepping in the gym, you know that faith is also a part of it.


I think you need faith first and then you have the determination and then we, we'll talk about hard work and everything, but you need to believe in need at first because you are not determined about something that you don't believe is a, is a waste. It's first about like your faith to, to the consistent, to have the, a consistent fit, you know, stuff like that. Those are more important. Interesting. So Then you go to that, that's what get you into the gym. That's what get you to believe into something that's selfieing, that faith that you have in you and your, your capability of achieving something.


That's what get you into that. Yeah. And I read that and again, it's a incredible story that you have when you're growing up. You had to walk six miles to school. Yes. Every day. Yeah. It was six miles one way. Six miles. So what time would you have to wake up in the morning for that? I used to wake up around like 5 36 when I was living at our house that I was living because the school was at six, at six miles. So I will count, like, we will count like two hours to walk. I mean, I'm saying six miles. I don't know exactly I would say around that, but yeah. That's incredible. That's, that's such a long way to go to school.


Like I, when I would wake up in the morning for school, I wouldn't want to even get outta my bed. I'd be like, no, the, the kitchen's too far away. I don't wanna walk all the way to get breakfast. You're walking six miles. Yeah. But just, yeah. But that's, that's just human nature, you know? Like I'm walking six miles that I think is far, but the other kids, I walk four miles, someone I walk in two, someone I walk in one. But even those who walk One thing is far. And even if I was one mile away from school, I would've think the same thing. Yeah. It's just like human nature. But when you don't have an option, then you just get settled to what you have.


Yeah. Yeah. Can I ask you a, a random question? A video that I saw last year that was, I mean, it's just, it's a hilarious video. The time you accidentally pushed on a pole door and broke and shattered the door. Can you, what did the, what did the shop, did you see this video? I haven't, I haven't seen this one yet. Francis goes up to like, it, it looks like a seven 11 basically. And he was pushing on a pull door and he just shatters the door. Didn't even look like you pushed it hard. What did the, what did the shop owner say? You paid for the door. You're, you're a great guy. But what did the shop owner say when he, when he realized it was you And, it wasn't just like, oh, someone had broken his door, you know, on purpose. Well, I think what's happened is that you didn't follow back on that video otherwise you wouldn't find out that he was a, he was a Prime.


He was just something that we said, oh, that Was a prank. Oh damn, we got That Makes sense. You're contributing to fake news, Francis. Right. That was fake news. That was a good prank. It wasn't a fake, it wasn't a fake news. Let's just say it was a little action, you know, like watch movie sometime. I feel like an idiot now. Well, yeah. I'm, I'm seeing this video. Right. I thought, I thought it was real for a second. Yeah, this is, it's a well done fake news thing. That's a very Smart One. A lot of people thought that that, that that was the point. Got It. To make it feel real. Yeah. That was the point. You should do that in real life though. You should do that to a door. Just, just shatter it and make it make a reality. I think. Well if every door that I touch is gonna, I gonna break, break it, I think I'll go broke.


Yeah, true. You gotta pay for everything. Either that or I pay for door. Yeah. Or people see you coming and they walk out and they open the door for you. You will, you'll never have to walk through another door in your life. No. Or people just set, just set a fake doors. So you gonna keep paying. Yeah. Yeah. What one of my favorite questions to ask fighters, how's camp going? How is, how has this camp been? It's been a good camp. Tough camp. How, how like, you know, in terms of like diet, exercise, everything. How's camp going? It is going well. Okay. I mean, tough camp. I think half it camp has to be tough. So Yeah. Tough on your body, tough on everything. You know, tough on your mental because like, you put yourself in a different condition, you know, get, you know, very hard discipline and stuff and everything.


You're always tough. But you know, it's is a, is a is the part of the game. Yeah. Is a process. How fun is it to get to put the weight back on after a weigh in? Well I don't have that much to weight to put in, you know, like I don't deal with weight, weight, weight loss so much. So I'm at least for that, I'm happy. Yeah, you're good, you're good. Yeah. I managed to lose the, the amount of, to lose weight during my calm because I might have like what, maybe five to 10 pounds, which is not too much. And over couple weeks of training you, you are almost there.


And if at the end you, you have something, it's like two pounds, which is nothing. Yeah. Do you have a strategy at the weigh in for how to get inside your opponent's head? Do you, do you try to play mind games? No, I don't have that because it's not my game, but because we play physical games. Yeah. So And what happen if the guy is not receptive to your, to your game? If he's strong enough for you not to penetrate into his mind, then he keep penetrate into your Yeah. Because you think you are into somebody mind why you are not then in fact who is in who mind.


That's a good point. I also think that you just showing up is more than enough. Just like you physically standing there is more than enough to penetrate into someone's mind. You don't have to say anything. Yeah, I think that's happened sometime. You know, there is, you know, like behind our keyboard sometime we can type stuff, talk a lot of shit. And then you get into a way in sometime with somebody look at him and you can see in his eye like, what the fuck do I just put myself into? Yeah. You know? But you, I'm like, bro, it's late now. It's going down. Yeah. Yeah. You have, you have to, you have to back your wall.


Yeah. Your Ward. Alright, so I got a couple last questions. Everyone again, battle the giants, the gun versus Ferrera goes down Saturday, October 19th at 4:00 PM Eastern on ESPN plus pay-per-view and D zone pay-per-view. Do you wanna give us a prediction for the fight? Some prediction? I think the best prediction is me going out with my hand raised. Okay. Okay. Okay. I like that. Yeah, I like that. And then, yeah, go ahead. PFTI was gonna Say, do you have any plans on, on going back to boxing after this? Yeah, Of course. That's what I just said earlier. Yeah. You're gonna go back Like I think I have. Yeah. I have some cup fight. Some cup boxing match. Alright, so I had one last question. This has been awesome Francis. Really appreciate it.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts rollback.com.


I gotta ask, Is that a Question? Yeah, that, well that was the, the lead up to the question. I gotta, I gotta ask. I am, I am a huge, huge jackass fan. What was it like hanging out with those guys and doing a video with them and punching them? Because I just, I I love jackass from, you know, 20 years ago. So was that, what was it like being with those guys and around those guys? He was nuts. Good. Like, for real, like when I get there, I thought it was a movie star that you're gonna pretend and do something and they might use special effect to you just say, no, you're going to hit for real. I'm like, really?


They say yes. So I turn around and I asked my team that, do we have some waiver here that is sign that I'm not going to be su from hurting somebody from this, you know? And they say, no, it's good. We always do. Everything is authentic. We don't pretend here. And I'm like, okay. And then, yes, I have to hit this guy in the notes. And, and I was so, I was so worried. I was so stressed that I couldn't hit properly at the first, at first. And then I'm like, no bro, this not real, this not how you hit. Like, you gonna start again. And the guy is there screaming like, I'm like, so I'm gonna do it again.


I'm like, yes, for real. I'm like, okay, well if we're here, let's do it. Then. It's, It's incredible. I mean, that's, those guys are the best. Did they, did they, when you were on set with them, did they try to prank you at all? No. Okay. That was smart of That's a good job. Yeah. That was smart of them to, to leave you alone. 'cause they usually, they usually try to fuck with everyone who goes on set. No. Like, I mean, I think that was their way to fuck with me because I didn't know it was real. I was going to do it. Do it for real. Yeah. Like I put a 18 ounce glove and they say, you getting hit as hard as you can. That's, I'm like, what happen if it's explode? Yeah. Like, like how come?


What ha how come do, at which moment a human being start think of such a thing. Yeah. It's, it is crazy. I I don't think that as a yeah, as a fighter, you've trained to a point where you feel comfortable just winding up and hitting a guy in the dick, right? No. No. You don't. You Don't. It's never something that you practice. No, definitely not. Definitely not. Well yeah. Francis, thank you so much. We'll be watching October 19th, 4:00 PM Eastern pa you knows PN plus pay-per-View zone. Appreciate your time. I know it was a little, the hologram, it's crazy, but it was very cool on our end. You look good. Reviewed the hologram. Yeah, you look great. Okay. Thank you guys.


Welcome back to another fire fest of the week. Brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. You know what really sucks? Having to wake up early on Sunday morning to watch your team play in England. The time zones, they'll mess you up. You know what? You know what else really sucks Is trying to figure out what a trap is. You know what else really sucks? Someone would say those Green Bay Packers uniforms in the middle of the day when it's 72 degrees outside. But you know what doesn't suck? Calling Morgan. Morgan. They can help get you what you deserve. They can help fight to get you full and fair compensation when you're injured. Their fee is free unless they win. You know what else really sucks is having a spider infestation that starts to make their way inside. When it gets, when it gets cold outside, then they just invade your entire apartment and take over your bedroom. Next thing you know you're sleeping in the shower. You know what doesn't suck is calling Morgan and Morgan their fee. It's free unless they win For. more information Go to for the people.com/pmt or you can dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone.


Okay, let's wrap up. We got Fire Fest of the week. Henry. Danny, what's up? What's up? Not much. What's up with you? Mm JC you Trying to get me in a bit? Did did he do UPD dog too? Yeah, he did do upd. Did you get upd? Dogged Fire Fest? Sounds like you had a good week. Yeah, not much. He just answered. What's up with you? What's up? Not much. What's up with you? You're looking at it. It's cool. All right. Yeah, there was really pretty, Pretty pretty ba Pretty basic week.


This doesn't even, I mean this is like the Lamest Fire Festival of all time. I don't even know if I should say it. Say it. I, we had an a, an event at the office last night. Did not drink. There was an espresso martini cell blue station. I got a regular espresso at like six o'clock. Got home, was tired, got into bed, wide awake, wired, stayed up till three, no big deal. New stove. Blue, no New stove Blue. We got bully beans. Make bully beans Home. I think I got the Be Bully Bully beans. You got got bullied. They worked. I was wired and butter Cookies back as well. So you just, you stayed up till 3:00 AM Yeah, I just watched Queen's game at Ah, That's a good show. Had you seen it before? Yeah, I just, I was like, oh, this was a good show and I watched it the first time and then I forgot the whole premise.


Well, embarrassing story. This is a Fire fest. A retroactive fire fest. Okay. First time I watched that show I was like, the show's really good. Avoided the internet kind of. And then once it ended, I like went to look up like Wikipedia. Like what a crazy story. It's just not true. He thought it was based on true story. Ah, shit. Because surely they wouldn't make a TV show about chess unless it was like a real story. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent facts. But it Is a great, great show. Yeah, it is. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry you didn't sleep. Did you sleep in? No, I got up, got up, went to the gym. Eight o'clock. Well, Friday you can you have Friday off? No, I'll be here for a little bit. Yeah. How long, Like Why is this, why is Friday your last day of golf? It's my last, it's my last plan day.


Oh. I'm not. No, but like I don't, I don't, I don't see, like, I wouldn't be surprised if it is, I haven't golfed in the last three weeks. Like I don't Oh no, I wouldn't be surprised if this is it. Damn. That's how long it takes to break a habit, right? Is it 21 days? Yeah. Can you do a little like putting your clubs away for the winter video for us? Yeah, we'll see you again. Yeah. Do that for us. But it's been, Don't put 'em all away. Like you never know. Yeah, well yeah, it'll be me putting 'em away in the simulator. It's gonna be really nice next week, right? Is it? I think so. Yeah. It is. But the weekday really nice. The, That's how fast It took for Hank to No, it's only week Days you can go. No, I can't. You know Why not? Oh yeah. Hank. It's gonna be 74 Sunday 75 on Monday.


70 Tuesday. Yeah, you're back. I'm weekend golfer. You're back. We'll see. Sunday's a weekend. Yeah. It's not PFT. Are we gonna get Do the weekend debate again? It, yeah, it's a weekend in, in theory, but I'll be here for 14 hours. What About the morning? Go early. All right. PFTA couple Fire fest. First is, I got the car back so I guess it's a pre Yes, it's a pre-fire fest. I drove it all the way from the repair shop, which is about an hour and 15 minutes away. So I think it's probably outta gas right now. So we'll see if it starts up after I have to Leave to get there. Hour and 15 minutes back.


Roads. Yeah, back roads. Did not take the highway on the way back. I learned my lesson. The other fire fest also has to deal with last night. So we had a big event at the office here and our good friend Jersey Jerry got very dressed up. Yes. He put on a suit. He was looking to close some deals. In fact, he came up to me and he said, PFT, what are you looking to do tonight? Are you looking to, like, are you looking to close deals for part of my take or are you looking to close deals? You know, personally. And I was like, I'm just gonna talk to people. Yep. And, and like meet advertisers. And so you, he asked me that question I think for a reason. But we were hanging out myself, chaps, Donnie And. we had just talked to Jersey Jerry. And then we came up with an idea for a little prank under Good for Jersey Jerry.


Yep. Which was, we, we tried to find an advertiser that was walking around that was cool. That was a listener fan of the show, fan of Barstool. And to get them to go up to Jersey Jerry and tell Jerry that they were from Pfizer and they wanted to do an advertisement with Jersey Jerry. Yep. Obviously Jersey Jerry lived of the year. Yep. So, Loves Pfizer. Loves Pfizer. And he, whenever he sees John Legend or Travis Kel on tv, he just, he just turns bright red and starts sweating. Yeah. He's like, fuck these guys, fuck these guys. Yep. So we found a couple people that were into playing along with this. They went up to Jerry and they gave Jerry a pitch that they wanted to personally sponsor Jerry for I think $700,000.


And Jerry immediately said yes and went running across the room to get a sales person to close the deal. So that was funny. Jerry got upset about it. I think he blamed you. I think he went over he PFT He made me swear on my kid's life that I didn't set him up, which I was happily, I I had no idea you guys were doing this. I was aware because Max told me afterwards. So I was like, yeah, I'll swear on my kid's life. I literally did not set you up. It was someone else. Okay. But yeah, he was like, swear on your kid's life that He came up to me hot. You were the last person he expected it was. He thought when it wasn't, when he knew it wasn't you. He came up to me. He, he almost like put me, put me in like a choke hold. Couldn't Reach your neck. Yeah. So then I come to find out that there actually were two people from Pfizer Oh.


That were walking around last night. So I then that screwed me all up. Yeah. 'cause I'm like, what if they were actually trying to do a deal with Jerry? Right. And they go up to Jerry and they try to close the deal. Jerry's well, he'll like flip him off and run away. Yeah. So Jerry's very, very upset at a lot of people. We do have video footage of the conversation happening. Jerry has said that he does not, he does not consent to the video. I don't know what that means. It was just on the security camera. Okay. But Jerry says he doesn't consent. All right. He doesn't consent. So I don't know. Are we allowed to put that out? We'll Just blur his face out. We can blur trace's face out. It Could be Blur out his tattoos. Yeah. Blur Out Jerry's face. It Could be anybody. But yeah, I think we do have security footage of it.


But Jerry's upset and I maybe there's a chance that we accidentally ruined a possible actual deal between five. But He would've done the deal with Pfizer. Oh, he agreed to it? Yeah. He agreed to it immediately. Yeah, immediately. You can see. Good to know. In the video you can see they're just like making pleasantries and then you can see the exact second where dollars and cents get mentioned. Okay. So we'll Blur and Jerry's body language. We'll, we'll blur out the Jerry's face in the Jerry video. Yeah. Yeah. But it's, and We'll Title a Jerry agreeing to a deal with Pfizer. Yep. It could be anybody though. It could be anyone. Alright. My fire fest is, I've been betrayed by someone in this room. This room? Not this room. This room and the studio. Okay. I've been betrayed by someone in this room in the studio Pug, some memes.


Nope. That guy staring me right now. So we have a lot of people working here. I love my job. I love Barstool Sports. Oh, one of the parts of Barstool Sports. And I understand it. Piee and I are gonna turn 40 soon. We have hired some younger people and part of the younger people crew is a couple of younger girls that terrorized me by putting them, putting me in their tiktoks. And I feel so fucking old. And they say shit like, Hey, are you gonna go to the John Summit concert? And I'm like, what the fuck are you talking about? But Ella, who I like, is an Indiana grad and she's going to, this is, we're we're doing, we're doing a show college football show.


Come out to the college football show. This is great. This is great. 10 30 in the morning on Saturday. We'll be there. She's an Indiana grad. She's going to the game and she's trying to get me to go to Kilroy's after the game. I explained to Ella You should go. I explained to Ella as clearly as I could that I will be by the time the ball gets kicked off, I will most likely be back home in Chicago. But do You remember we went to Kilroy's One time? Yeah. Killroy is great. It, it was a great time. It's nothing against Kilroys but it's everything about the fact that I'm 39 and have three kids and I work nonstop and I don't have time to go to, I would love nothing more. Take a load off. I would love nothing more than to spend an afternoon at Kilroy's getting shitfaced. I believe me, that would be great. It's Also not, I can't, it's not a place for people in their upper thirties.


'cause we Correct. We went there a couple years ago, And, we went upstairs and I think we were up there for like maybe 10 minutes. It's an awesome bar. And I had a blast. Yeah, it's It's a great Bar. It, it's a great place. Don't get me Wrong. I love the people at Kilroy's. We, we did a T-shirt deal with Kilroy's 10 years ago for the black. I love it has nothing to do with Kilroys. It has to do with the fact that I'm old and I can't, like if I Continue, wait, continue with the, Yeah, yeah. I'm getting back to it. So I told Ella this, I said, I'm not going to Kilroys. It's just not happening. I appreciate the offer. I love Kilroy. Not gonna happen. I then got a text from Ella. She was like, Hey, max gave me your phone number. Can we set up a what deal?


Hey, Big. Cat, it's Ella. Max gave me your number headed to IU right now since you decided to bring your show to my alma mater on the grand week return, my grand weekend return. I would like to offer you my kilroy's tab for my game day table if IU wins. So I have to pay her tab if IU wins. That's right. Oh no, I get the tab. I I get the fully expense tab. That's right. Table fully expensed. Oh, no wait on you. If IU goes seven and oh, what the hell is this deal? So I have to pay her if IU wins. So She's making an offer to you? Her, her bet is you have to pay for my drinks if we win. Either Way, she shouldn't have my number. Text me about Kilroy's. Who did that? You know who did it? She Said who, who did it As we were walking out?


God, she went up to Hank and Hank was like, yeah, just say it was Max that gave you that. Oh, You fucker, you fucker. Well, no. She like, what A plot twist that was. That's like Saw where that guy that's In the room. Would you say Max the Entire Time? I did say whatever. I don't care. Yeah. Oh, alright. Well I was portrayed, I was, I mean she, she was like basically trying to figure out a way, like asking me like, how, how can I help get this table paid for? And there was a bunch of people just joking around and I was like, oh, just, I, I actually first said go ask Big Cat if you can use his card for the weekend. Which obviously was a joke. Joke. And then she was like, oh, you think I should text him? I was like, yeah, text him. Tell Max told you.


Well, I just replied to her 'cause I hadn't replied to her. I said, I respectfully declined. Thank you for the consideration. I, these girls just terrorized me. 'cause they're just young and they just know shit that I don't know. And they just say words to me that I don't know. What was The question they asked you? Are you gonna go see John Summit? Is that like a, is that he's next? Is John Summit real? He's next. He's next up dj. I know he's already Now, yeah, he's already now Was there, because when I heard that I thought is John's summit, is that code for like meet in the bathroom? PFT Our conversation was this, this is how our conversation question. No, this is how our conversation went. They said, are you gonna go see John Summit this weekend? I said, who? And he said, he's the best DJ in the world. And I said, what happened to Diplo? And then he laughed at my face. Yeah, That's that's tough.


That's exactly how it went down. What about Shaq? Shaq's a good dj. Yeah. So thank you Hank. Yeah, I mean you're like the, the, the patriarch of this office. I think it's good for employees that have your number. That's that's that's Fair. Yeah. That's what I needed. Yeah, that's a good point. I needed that. She's gonna FaceTime me from Kilroy's and that's gonna be so awesome. I'm gonna really enjoy that. And I It's nothing against Ella. She's, she's sounds like you're mad. No, she's no you, she's 20 max. She's 23 years old. She should be doing exact, she should be going to iu should be going to Kilroy's. Having the time of her life. She's done nothing wrong. My You have enabled it. My problem is there was no downside to this bet. This wasn't even a bet. It was just like, Hey, if we win, you're paying. Yeah. And probably if I, and there are seven point favorites.


What if they lose? Yeah. I, I don't know. Fired. She's probably Oh, so anxious. She probably woke up so anxious waiting for a text and then that's what she got. She she's definitely freaking out about that text. Yeah. And oh, I'm gonna say thank I respectfully passed. Thank you for your consideration. And I've fired Max for giving my number away. I What is she gonna say? She's gonna, she's gonna, she's gonna snitch. We're gonna do a test for her. That is a good test. Yeah. What if she tells the truth? Will you pay for the bar tab? This will be a good test. We'll see. Yeah. Then she's fired. Yeah. Okay. She's not fired. She does a good job. And Hannah terrorized me as well, but I got her back because Chaps does his videos and she didn't know where France was.


Neither did Max And. it was there. Yeah, that's true. That was, I got to watch it live though. Was great. Max, You don't know where France is. Nice. You Were in France. I know. And people keep saying that to me and because when You were on that live Series for everybody, Everybody was like, I see Paris, I see France. Oh, Funny Max, I'm just gonna start using I, so I had multiple underwear companies coming up to me last Night. Oh, I love couple. I'm gonna start, I'm gonna start weaponizing chaps. That's what I'll do. Because every time they put me in a TikTok and I don't understand a trend, I'm just gonna be like, chaps go up and ask 'em like, what color's the sun? And that will be funny for me. So I got, I I got my ways. Yeah. I'm dumb. I'm, I'm Done. I'm scared. I'm scared of the use of America. That shouldn't be a surprise.


Max. You got a fire fest. Underwear Companies. Yeah. We don't have to talk about underwear. Is it underwear? Companies Underwear? No, I almost got evicted. But it, the time, What I, you know, I moved into a new place. I've had autopay. What's address? I never actually What you had autopay. I've, I've had autopay in my last two apartments, so I don't really think about it. And then, oh no, I had to prorate it. So they said you can't set up autopay until your next thing. So how many months late were you? No, I was, I was like five days. And then someone, I wasn't even home, someone, apparently my girlfriend said that someone came knocking on the door. Like really? Like, and then just threw a piece of paper at her and just said From your landlord.


Oh shit. And. it was An addiction. Notice Was this situation. Like Steven Cha when he bought, he got a new car and he thought he set up autopay, but he, he just paid one time for automobile pay. No, this, this was me just like forgetting that I wasn't on auto pay anymore. But now I'm on a, I just like, she, my girlfriend texted me, she's like, you have to pay right now. I just got this. Yeah. Paid an hour. What's Up with the jacket today? You look good. Everyone keeps asking me this. It's A jacket. I mean that's, but they, but you know what, we, we were saying this the other day. This is Like the biggest fashion police but no building in The world. No, the the culture we've created at Barstool Sports, which I, I I welcome is that if you try to better yourself even a little bit, you get shamed to hell.


But that's how it should Be. I'm gonna start that. We All need to stay exactly where We are. No, I'm, I'm, I'm wearing no Bettering. This is the only place in the world where you can show up to work wearing a T-shirt and jeans and everyone would be like, Whoa, you Have a date tonight, dude. Yeah. What are p has a button down. I'm like, who died? Oh yeah. Last week I, I came and I wore a, a polo shirt and then I was wearing like, just jeans and Mad Dog was like, look at you. I was like, that's that's the meanest look at you I've ever gotten, I wore a flannel the other day and KB was like, why are you trying so hard? Yeah, if I have a button On Jerry said that exact, that exact same thing to me today. I love it. I said, why are you trying so hard? It's a toxic of a culture as you can get. I'm gonna look nice if I I'm tomorrow. I might. No I won't. But it's actually the nice part about, it's equal opportunity.


'cause anyone who tries to wear anything nice gets shamed instantly across the board. Yep. We should do a dress up. Nice week. Built For, for comfort, not for speed. Yeah. Yeah. I had to wear jeans yesterday. It was sucked. I'm a joggers guy now through and through. All right. Numbers 3 11 5 99 17. What? Oh no. Meme shit. Can't do that. Who said what? Pug can't do that. Big. Cat started it. Nine, nine. I did start. I like, this Is desperation. Oh nine nine actually came up yesterday. 21. One of the advertisers, one, one of the pick a number and 99 came up.


Six Sit going on. Love you guys.