
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music.


Summer is the best way to run the way you want. Dial it up with new challenges and programs, and bring your workouts with you to make the most of outside sunny days With the beautiful summer weather, I've been trying to stay consistent with my fitness just to stay in shape for beach season. Summer is the best time to push your pace. It's the time to move how you want, enhance your fitness journey, and feel like your most empowered self. Whatever road lies ahead, your training starts here. Whether you're one of 298,000 people prepping for a marathon or just working to improve your pace, your training starts here with Peloton Tread or Tread Plus Pelotons programs and instructors take you to new heights. Tap into that are expertly programmed workouts and real time metrics like pace targets that can take your fitness journey to new heights. Pelotons classes challenge you to be your best. Whatever your experience level Peloton has classes designed to push your potential, call yourself a runner with Peloton at one peloton.com/running


On today's Pardon My Take. We have Superbowl winning quarterback, future Hall of Famer. Hank, please stop doing what you're doing. Matthew Stafford on the show. He's so loopy right now. He was just, he was mouthing. Hank might just be loopy. He was mouthing what I was saying. Back to me. He's doing PardonMyTake of my take. Karaoke. Yeah. Matthew, Stafford on the show. Great interview. We have a violently hungover. Hank No. Should be interesting. We're gonna do the Mount Rushmore of steroid users alleged, just so that we don't get any legal problems. Yeah. But just Mount Rushmore of steroids. Yeah. Mount Rushmore steroid users. We're gonna talk some Olympics. We're gonna talk some football.


We've got who's back of the week, and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.


Throw another shrimp on the Barbie. Get it on with UFC 3 0 5 action. Live from the land down under at DraftKings Sportsbook, the official sports betting partner of UFC, the middleweight title on the line for the main event. But the card is stacked full of rip snorter blokes and Sheilas. Do you wanna say that line? Rip snorter blokes and Sheilas. There it is. And speaking of stacked, if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers bet $5. Get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Use code take that's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks. UFC 3 0 5. It's gonna be a ripper of a good time. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 100 hundred 68 hours after issuance, deposit and eligibility restrictions apply. See eligibility terms and responsible gaming resources@dkeng.co slash mma.


Okay, let's go. Bye. Pardon My Take is ended by Baring Sports.


Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Use code take, that's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks. UFC 3 0 5 is coming this weekend from Australia. It's gonna be a great time bet with DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, August 12th. And I know we wanna talk about football, but we also have to talk about the Olympics and our team being so awesome. That game being incredible. But for The record, I want to talk about football. I do too, but, But yeah, let's talk, let's lead it off with, with The, that was, I was thinking about it was like, could, should we lead it off with the fact that we both have future Hall of Fame quarterbacks? No. Let's, let's temper our excitement for a second, which we will get to that.


And I said the two of us, because there was only one guy who seemingly didn't play great. Well, I would say there, I would say all three of us have future Hall of Fame Quarterbacks. If. you include Joe Milton. That's True. But we should talk about the Olympics in that USA game because it was fucking awesome. Steph Curry is the man he saved America. That was one of the most fun times I've had watching basketball. And Steph Curry comes in and he was lights out for the last two games. He was 17 for 26 from 360 points in the last two games. And those, it was a three point game with 2 58 left. And Steph was like, fuck it, I'm just gonna hit every shot.


And he hit four threes and it was, I I yelped on that last one. Yeah. People were screaming. Yeah, it was, it was insane. And If, you listen to the French broadcast of it. I dunno if you've had a chance to go back. And I always saw saw do that saw Yes. In college football season, where you hear like the home announcing team like, like narrate a heartbreaking loss. The French guys were just like, this is impossible. What's happening? They kept calling him the Devil Curry. Yes. The Devil Curry just ended their dreams. And there were two shots that he put up that if it's anybody else on the planet, you're like, what the fuck are you doing? Yeah. At one point he, he passed out of a double team to Kevin Durant. Kevin Durant was like relatively open as far as KD goes, and he just said, fuck it, I'm gonna throw it back to Steph Curry because Steph can't miss right now.


Shoots it over two guys. Kevin Durant. And he said It was a bad shot too. Well, Kevin Durant and LeBron were wide open for a three. Yeah. And under no circumstance do you ever not give the ball to Kevin Durant or LeBron at the end of a game, unless your name is Steph Curry. And it somehow it went in. but it is just so much fucking fun to get to root for Steph Curry it. I get it. I, I understand why Warriors fans have been complete pricks to everybody else for the last 10 years. I get it. I understand it. Steph Curry, if he, if I got to root for Steph Curry every day, I would develop the same superiority con complex that Hank Lockwood has had. Yeah. From rooting for Tom Brady. It, it, It was, it was so good and so incredible.


Steph Curry impressed himself. He said that. He said afterwards, before every shot you take, you think it's going in. All I saw was this is talking about the last shot. All I saw was the rim. I didn't see who was in front of me. I knew it was kind of late clock situation, but that one impressed myself. Yeah. That's how good he is. Steph Curry's so good that he, he, I impresses Steph Curry. Yeah. There were really good. And you know what I loved about these Olympics? The fact that the players cared. Yeah. They cared very deeply about it. Oh dude, they cared. Like if any one of them told you like, oh, you know, I I just wanted to go over there and have fun. Didn't matter if I played, didn't matter if they got me in the game, didn't matter if I was in the rotation. They're lying. They wanted to be in there. They wanted to be playing. They wanted to do this. I, I guess for the country, which is awesome to see because in Olympics past some of the guys were just like, yeah, whatever.


It's basically an exhibition. We're gonna crush the world. The days of just showing up and, and destroying the rest of the world are over. We have to actually put in work, put in practice and play as a team if we wanna win. So to get a gold in that way was, it was awesome. It Was awesome. It, they, they care. Even their family cares. Yeah. To the point of like complaining publicly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They care A lot. And they flew in Draymond. Yeah. Which is the right Move to do. Draymond flew in just to troll Gobert. He, he, he tweeted, he's like, what should I say? I'm sitting right behind him. but it was, it also felt like the finale of an era in the NBA because it was kd, it was LeBron, it was Steph. Those were the three guys. Devin Booker was phenomenal by the way. Like he was the unsung hero.


He, he completely changed his role to fit into this team and was so, so good. And like the three guys who have meant so much to basketball for the last two decades, finishing it this way because all three of them are at the tail end of their career. And maybe not gonna win another NBA title. but it was, it was just awesome to watch. And they, and LeBron was amazing and KD was amazing and Steph was just going off. Anthony Davis finished the game because I can't remember who our other center was, but it was good that Anthony Davis was in there. I think he had four blocks. The starting center, he had trouble defending against Wim Weby, who everybody else, you know, also has that problem defending against Weby. The starting center looked slow. He looked like he was a step late to every loose ball.


He looked like he was outta shape a little bit. Who was our starting center? I'm not sure. Bam. Right? Bam. No, no. It wasn't. Bam. It was Joelle And Bead. Oh, thank You Wei. Joelle and Bead. Yeah. I got the pleasure of watching this game with Max and his brothers. And it was just them screaming at the TV the entire time. Come on Joe. I what the fuck, Joe? I knew it was not going well for Embi when Max tweeted halfway through the game, he's like, everyone's shitting on Joelle. We wouldn't be here without him. So true. Yeah. He, he was, he wanted to go back in time to the Serbia game. I also love The way that Joelle and Bead received his gold medal when the crowd was just booing the shit out of him because he chose to go with the US instead of France. And he was just like, yeah, give it to me.


Give it to Me. I mean, he's, he's a Philly guy. Yeah. You think that bothers him? France cannot boo out Booo. Joelle and bead. Yeah. He had a quote going into it. He was like, yeah, France is probably gonna boo me and I'm just gonna tell him to suck it. Yeah. Also very, he hit him with A Ds. That's, And like he, there's, there's one guy who can't like, you can't boo you can't boo Joel and beat outta the building he plays in Philadelphia. He also watching the, like the clips of everyone postgame and then the next day just how hungover they all were. Actually, we have someone who basically won the US gold right here. Henry Lockwood looked like he partied with him, but Joel MB doesn't drink. So he was like, like just side eyeing everyone walking to, I think they were getting to the airport.


Yeah. And it was just like everyone had glasses on, looked like shit. And Joel was just like, I'm ready to go. Let's get on the flight. Maybe he needs to start drinking. Maybe that's the problem. Yeah. It was Get outta his own head. It was awesome. So, and now there was two guys who maybe didn't play a lot. Tyrese, Halliburton, who handled it in a very funny way saying, when you get an A and you did none of the work, that's kind of the way you have to handle it because it's still, you're still one of the best 12 players to be on that team. And you did contribute in the fact that, you know, there were scrimmages and all the, the weeks leading up to it. You gotta Take pride in that shit. Yeah. Like you gotta take pride no matter what level basketball player you're at If, you helped the team. That's first and foremost. Right. Right. And Then Hank.


Yep. How do we feel, I mean, Jason Tatum did get into the final, felt like he got bullied. Bullied minutes. Bullied. He got bullied. No cur, he got bullied minutes. Curry Kerr got bullied into putting him in the game. Interesting. Well, Do you not agree? I Mean his explanation for Serbia made no sense when he said it's a math problem. Well there's eight less minutes. Right. But you could still, that's Are you talking metric system, The math. That's What Steve Kerr was saying. Saying, but There's eight less minutes in the NBA game. Listen, the resume, you don't, no one really knows who does well or who does poorly in the Olympics. At the end of the day, when you look back at his career, he is gonna have, you know, two gold medals at least. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. He said he would play in the 22.


I mean I, I do feel bad for Jason Tatum because I'll say this in defense of Jason Tatum, he did not say one word. No, his mom did fans. Did he? Didn't he like that? That's one of those situations where it gets put on him that he's upset. And he probably was upset because everyone wants to play. But he wasn't upset to the, he wasn't being a malcontent, he wasn't saying anything. Other people were saying things and then it gets attributed to him. Right. Which is not fair. But, But If, you watch the games. Games, the lineup that did not have Jason Tatum in it was vastly superior. Yeah. We were dominating with that lineup. They were really Fucked. Good. And he barely played our closing lineup was very good. Yeah. Anthony Davis was phenomenal at the end. And it was just fun.


It was fun to watch Steph Curry's the fucking man and ya dunked on LeBron. That was great. Ya did. He might've dunked his way back in the league and Skip obviously went straight to Twitter and was like, this is, Well Steph Curry won the MVP, right? Yeah. He says LeBron did win the MVP and yeah, skip was like, this is an indictment on LeBron's legacy just perfect spin zone That he won a fake MVP at the Olympics where they won gold. Yeah. And LeBron was, I mean he got a triple double against Serbia and he was good in every game. Steph basically locked in for the last two games. He closed it out at the end of the last two games. And we wouldn't have had that come back against Serbia without him. And we probably wouldn't have beaten France without him just catching fire at the very end. But If, you look at what the numbers were, LeBron, he did not lead the team in points per game.


Steph did. but it was like barely, it was like half. He led the team in rebounds and assists. Rebounds and assists. Yeah. And almost led the team in points per Yeah. Like you could give it to any one of those guys. But I love the fact that Skip, he's gonna find his angle. Yeah. Skip Bales by the way, doesn't have a show to do his LeBron thing on. He's just doing this for the love of the game. Yeah. And it would've been, if Steph had gotten the MVP, it would've been the same video being like, LeBron didn't get the MVP and this was his team. Yeah. His Olympics Also, shout out Serbia, probably the coolest dudes in the world. They won the bronze medal game, went straight to the bar, and then came back for the medal ceremony and they were shit housed. I love it. Like Yoic looked like he was gonna puke at one point. 'cause guys were like kind of like grabbing him. And then also there's a club. Yoku is already at the racetrack.


Yeah, of course. So Yoko Probably spent his entire Olympics watching dressage. That's why he probably didn't practice with the team that much. That That looked like the, like they did it perfectly for I, I would much rather, this is why the debate, like, would you rather win bronze or silver? I'd rather win bronze because then you don't have to live like the rest of your life saying, I was so close. I would like to win bronze if I lost to the gold medal winner. Yeah. But still, like they had the best time yesterday. France didn't, France looked, you know, in front of the home crowd, they lose. And then all the Serbians show up drunk as fuck. There's also the stat continues that there's only three tea three countries that have won a gold medal outside of u us in men's basketball.


And two of those, two of those three countries do not exist. So kind of a fun stat. What, what countries were they? It's Argentina. Was that the one that Arg exist? Arg does exist. Yeah. And then Soviet Union. Yeah. Yugoslavia. Okay. Yeah. If Yugoslavia had stayed a country, they'd be a problem. They'd Be a Real problem. Right. Because they would, they would have Yoic and Luca. They should be allowed to compete. It would be fun. Yeah. But those two, so, so the only country that still existed as one of gold other than us is Argentina And Soviet Union would have kp. Yeah, true. Yeah. Yeah. There was no rush in these Olympics, right? For the most part. I guess not. Yeah. And we won. So Is this asterisk? We won the gold or we won the Olympics. We did. Yeah. Congratulations. We did it.


We did it. We tied with China for most golds. And then the tiebreaker, which I think is made up by us. Is it silvers? It's silvers and bronzes. We won. Oh, together. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We did it guys Also, we were very close to not winning the total golds. And I just wanted to shout out, I don't know who this person is. Iman Kiff. That person stopped Chyna from getting one extra goal because If Iman Kiv Now what, what division were they competing in? This Was women's boxing. A women's box. Okay. The, yeah. Shout out to her. Yeah. So she stopped, she, she beat a Chinese woman in the welterweight championship. She's my favorite woman in the world.


So That's a funny wrinkle. Let's go. USA USA would've had it. All of the United States was rooting for whoever That boxer that you said. Yes. So that's, we're all getting behind Her. It's, it's really good that we, that we won. Yeah. The medal count. I love that. I love just being able to say like, fuck you to the rest of the world. We still got it. I don't care. Well, what about the horses? Do we know where the horses were from? No. I don't know. I don't know. If, you have to bring in the horses from the same place because I feel like the, the horses should get the medals. The riders should not get the medals. I agree. The equestrian events. Yeah. We did have an awesome, I forget her name, shit. What's her name? The, the female wrestler that suplex the fuck out of her opponent in the finals and just dropped on her head. Basically broke her neck in the finals.


They had to stop. Were us. Yeah. It was an awesome move. Fuck yes. I forget who it was. Hell yeah. But shout out to her because she's, she's a a fucking hos Also, if we're gonna try to figure out how to, to make sure that we win the golds outright in at la Well first of all, I didn't even realize that you get to the host country gets to add a, a sport. Yep. That's how break dancing came in. Shout out to re Yeah, Reagan the goat took the world by storm. We watched some of the, the breaking on Friday here in the office. I was trying to live Bet on it. I had no idea how the point system worked. But re was she's, she's a hero. She's yeah, she's amazing. She was doing the kangaroo hop. She was doing moves like an eighth grader would do at a talent show. Yeah. She's the rest of the break. Dancers have to be very upset at her. They have to. 'cause I watched some of the others and they were incredible.


Yeah. Like spinning on their heads for minutes at a time. And then Regan was just doing Elaine, you know, Benni dance? She's a, she's a professor and one of the things that she teaches Yeah. Is break dancing. I would drop her class Yes. If I were in it. But she Basically found a way to get a free trip to, to France and get a team uniform. Yeah. Credit to her. Yeah. And she was wearing like an Australian cricket uniform. She was wearing like the green pants. A green polo shirt, the green hat. It was awesome. I was struggling to figure out what the rules were with breaking. I didn't know if there was like a TKO If. you serve somebody so hard they just stop the fight. Yeah. Like that's too much. That's too much. Someone's gonna get hurt. Like battle rap. Like battle battle rap should be in the LA games. No, being an Olympian would be sick.


It, I think it might be more of a sport than, than some of the sports that we saw. Yeah. Definitely More of a sport than curling. I Think we're, are we adding football? Is that what it is? Being our flag. Football, baseball. Oh, is baseball. Our sport Baseball should be back anyways. We might not win that. We might not win that. We, we should win football. But our Oh, We definitely Win football. Remember our team stinks. No, but then we, we we're gonna have NFL players Joe Burrow. Yeah. Yeah. Who said he wants to do it? Yeah. The I, I was looking at it. If we wanna figure out a way to win it outright China. Now I'm not saying that they, you know, it's a Mickey Mouse gold, half of a title, whatever you wanna call it. They won five ping pong events and eight diving events. Seems a little, how Are there five ping pong events?


I have no idea. But they won 'em all Because there should be at the max there should be four. Right? I think there's men's, women's, Men's, men's doubles, women's doubles. Doubles. Mixed. Mixed doubles. Mixed Doubles. They swept it. Mm, they swept aboard. I don't like that. I didn't know there was eight diving. That's too many diving swept The board on that. There's yeah, there's too many of, of the niche ones. There should be maximum four medals in, in table tennis or football. Yeah. Now maybe we gotta sweeten the pot a little bit because we're giving each gold medalist $37,000. That's what the US gives. And a job at Home Depot. Other countries? No, we don't even do that anymore. Sometimes they get their picture on a Wheaties box. Okay. Congratulations. Here's 37 grand and your picture on the worst cereal in the world. Yeah. Enjoy Hong Kong and Singapore.


They do the highest payouts. Hong Kong gives $768,000. Whoa. To their winner. Singapore gives $745,000. And then the Philippines gives a house a lot. A two bedroom condominium. $18,000 worth of furniture. A lifetime supply of cookies that's sick. And free meals for life from local restaurant chains, including Korean fried chicken. There's, they Should just do the Armageddon If. you win a gold medal for us. You never pay taxes anymore. No. Don't pay taxes and alsos it. You get, you get to commit one felony. Sure. Get outta jail free. Well, not paying taxes.


Not paying taxes, but also you can transfer that. Okay. Up to manslaughter. Yeah. I mean I, Caitlyn Jenner would having everyone probably still be walking amongst us. Yeah. Having everyone be like, Hey, I don't have to pay taxes again. That would be the greatest. She is still walking. Well, at least she's not driving. Driving. Yeah. Driving is her issue. Indonesia in 2021 gave their gold medalist. Five cows each and a meatball restaurant. Oh, max. Wow. Yeah. Max, you need to get a passport. Yep. We gotta step our shit up. And in South Korea you get pensions. So you get like a, the lump sum and then you get money every single year for the rest of your life. Yeah. Instead we have Noah Lyles who's winning.


He's, he might be hater of the year. He's, he might have to do that as a takey hater of the year because he was the one who before the Olympics said, you don't win a world championship If, you win the NBA championship. Yep. That's not the world. And everyone's like, that's kind of weird. Whatever. Hank, did you write that down? Take techies. Got it. Hank write it down. What was it? Hank Hater of the Year. Who? Who? Noah Lyles. Okay. You got it. Yeah. You write It down. What's going on? Because you did say that, you did say this year you're gonna be on top of it. Max said he was gonna be on top of it. Did I I no, I Absolutely not me be on top of it. No. No. So are you giving Away? I can be on top of it. I can take, I can take this responsibility. You wanna take The lead Max?


You already did. Alright. So I could you back could be on me. This could me back him up. I told Max to write it down and then Max for some reason turned his mic on to tell Hank. But we, me and him are in charge of, Hey, listen, Max, Hey, he's playing hurt right now. I support Max taking care of No, that's all me. That's all me. Will you, will You be the backup? Yeah. Okay. Well, he will be the third. I I should me tell Max to write that down? Yeah. Max. Write that Dice. Yeah, I'll write that down. I'll write that down. We're good. I feel, I feel like Hank could show some strong competition hitter of the year too. Yeah, For Sure. It's an Award that I guarantee you he'll, he'll be nominated for. Yeah. But Noah Lyles came out that he was upset because Adidas, when he was negotiating with Adidas for his new contract, they invited him to an Anthony Edwards event.


Yeah. And he was like, this guy hasn't even been to A NBA finals. So I actually, I understand Noah Lyle is basically like, I need to get my name out there, so be hater of the year and people will talk about me. I think he knows what he's doing and I, I, I want to have his side in the fact that he can't be that dumb that he thinks that like, running track every four years as important as playing in the NBA. He does. He does. This Is okay. So maybe he's that guy. This is, this is what I love about Noah Lyles. Yeah. I think it all comes naturally to him. Okay. He definitely got cut playing basketball, right? Yeah. Like he's got some very deep seated anger for any ball sport. Yeah. And he's like, why, why is track not the number one sport in America?


He Was like a point guard that didn't have any handles whatsoever. And every time he was on a fast break, he'd dribbled off His foot. Yeah. No Lyles little tip for you. Why don't you just say that you're gonna try out for an NFL team. That would get you some nice publicity. People would talk about it. People would be like, wow. Could you imagine No Lyles running down, running, running a go route. Yeah. Now you probably can't catch because you're this upset about Anthony Am Edwards who's one of the best NBA players. But we'll deal with that later. Yeah. He'd be, he would be sick on the chiefs. Yeah. Flag football. Flag football. He probably, he, there's no I, no Lyle's definitely If. you threw him a ball. He would not be able to catch It. No. That's the Vibe I'm getting from him. His anger towards the NBA. I felt like he excelled at puzzles from a young age.


Yeah. Yeah. And he, he also overcame covid to get the hater going. I like that. He was just better. And then he was just like, now I got my hater back. I'm a little bit concerned about the state of one sport in America. Okay. Swimming. Yeah. Male swimming in America. Oh yeah. The French guy kicked our Ass. French guy kicked her ass. Katie Ledecky, shout out to her. I think she's like tied for the, the lead in gold medals. Shout out to all or women. Yeah. I think they Dominated. They dominated or men or men stink at swimming. What happened? What happened to American men? Is it fellas? Is it gay to swim? Is it Phelps? Might need to make a comeback. Is he? I actually think he could. I think he, he'd probably do better than whatever these jackasses were. Yeah. But we only got one gold medal and, and male swimming.


I don't know. I don't know what the problem is. Do we like I know Huey, you can definitely swim, right? Well, wasn't Probably, no, probably wasn't Caleb Dressel, the big story was that he was watching the House of Dragon too late one night. Yeah. So maybe we just gotta take away TVs. Yeah. If we put our best players or best athletes into swimming, we would dominate. Yeah. And we don't, we don't. I had FI listen, Olympics were fun. Can't say I watched a ton of it, but I watched it here and there. Yeah. It was good. It, it was good to have on in these desperate weeks that we just need to get through training camp. And the basketball was awesome. Basketball. I mean the basketball, the fact that the world has caught up and it makes it very exciting and there's drama involved in it. Like that was a dramatic game. Yeah. And I'm happy we won.


I would like to see an Olympics where they just select the, the athletes at random. Like anybody from the United States could get put on any team. Yeah. And we have to compete just average people from around the world competing against other average people in random sports that they've never practiced. Well They should have one average person in every single event. Just so that we have a a, a barometer to show. How are you, like, if you're just like, Hey, here's the a hundred meter dash, have just a random like 30 5-year-old dude running it. Yeah. And we can be like, oh, that's me. Yeah. I suck. I lost by seven seconds. I think one of the funniest events for that would be the high jump where you have to try to jump over it backwards. Yeah. Because I think most people If you tried to do that motion, you would just land directly on your head and you wouldn't even get above the mat.


Yeah. Pole vault. It would just go straight sideways. I mean all these Yeah. We, we, they should absolutely have just a base person just competing in all these events just so that we can see it because it would, we would quickly realize how much better they are. Not that we don't, but there's always a little bit of you where it's like that that doesn't seem that hard. There Should also, they All are very hard. There should be eating in the Olympics too. Yeah. Joey Chestnut. Joey, we should put that in for, for 2028. That would've Rock Hot dog eating. That would've Rocked. You wanna talk about football? Yeah. That was a fun weekend of football. It was a great week. It is back. It's preseason. I lasted as long as I I lasted longer than I ever could Ever. Oh, I didn't even try.


Yeah. I tried a hour and a half. I lasted. I didn't try. I saw all these people Are impressed. Yeah. So Big Cat. Congratulations. Congratulations To you as Well. How many, how many Super Bowls do you think you're gonna get? Listen, I don't wanna talk about Super Bowls. I just wanna talk about the, the, the realization that I had and, and this is gonna get clipped and people are gonna say I'm stupid and I'm doing it all over again. Watching Caleb Williams play quarterback made me feel like the dumbest person in the entire world forever thinking that Mitch Trubisky and Justin Fields were the guys. 'cause it looks so different. Yeah. And I know it's preseason. I know it was only a few plays, but it just looks different. Like he's his, he's confident, poised, like reading the defense, it just looks different.


I felt like such an idiot. And Yeah. I lasted an hour and a half and then I told the whole world to suck my dick from the back. Yeah. As you should. Yeah. Because my own experience watching Jayden on, on Saturday, That one throw he had Was so sick. And then Big Cat when I found out that he audible into that play. Oh my God. I I covered my entire basement. Yeah. I got still Tite stripping from the ceiling. Now gross. I've never, I don't wanna say never. He reminds me of RG three in the RG three good times. It's been 30 years since I've had a quarterback that for longer than like 10 weeks I could really root for and really think this is the guy this is gonna and know this is the guy Clipped. But but yet he's so fucking I know.


I agree. I agree. This deep ball Is so good. He's so fast. I agree. He's just, and he looks good in the uniform. I it's awesome having, I mean, you said RG three i, the, the screen dump off that Caleb Williams made when a guy had his hand in his face and it was like a broken Play. Yeah. That looked like Patrick. Yeah. We got, I I don't, I but I'm not, I'm not, these are just, we should have prefaced this segment with this is a safe space. We're just talking to guys having fun talking. None of this is, we're not putting this on anyone. This is not what we're saying is gonna happen. We're just saying what we saw. Yeah. And what, in a Preseason game, what I saw sickos, What I saw in preseason week one.


Preseason Week one. Preseason Week one in was Week two for the Bears. But Caleb Williams didn't play week one. The Excitement of having a team that, that has a quarterback. It's like we're we're fans of different sport this year. Yeah. It's like Sundays are gonna be different. Deep Sundays are different this year. The Like being like third and long Sundays, we could maybe still get this. Yeah. Hank did you feel the same way About Joe Milton? Yeah. I actually, I made a list. I made a ranking. Oh, should we do rankings of rookie quarterbacks? Sure. Number one I had Joe Milton. Yep. 'cause Joe Milton is fucking awesome. Yep. Yeah. The boys fired up. Yeah. Boys on The sideline. I also wouldn't have been watching those on what we were doing, coach Doug. So I pretty much watched the whole game and you could tell, you know, coming off the sidelines, like the team team was rallied.


They already Cute QB controversy Team was rallying behind him. We'll see. I think so. And we are in phase one of the Joe Milton experience. Would this be, this would be so mean though if Joe Milton did to Bailey Zappy what Bailey Zappy did to to Mac Jones. Yeah. They're gonna have a decision to make. Yeah. Have four QBs, three spots. Yeah. This segment is also Milton Tough. We're pretending to be guys that have never watched Joe Milton play in college at all. Yeah. No, I, that Guy, how did that guy last until the sixth round? That guy should have been top 10 Patriots get a six round steal. History repeats itself. Yeah. Number two, I had a tie between Caleb and Jayden. That's fair. I wanted to be fair. And Joe Milton, obviously number one. Caleb Jayden, number two.


JJ Arrington, number three. JJ Arrington. jj, no, sorry, sorry. JJ McCarthy. McCarthy. Yeah. Viking number three. Second Defense. Second defense. Where did Arrington come from? Yeah, I don't know. There's a player named JJ Arrington. LaVar Arrington number four. Bo Nicks. Bo Nicks look good. This Might be the season. Bo Nicks number. Bo Nicks Put it all together. I feel Like he's, JJ Aton was a running back for the, for Cal. Yeah. Bo Nicks a lot of Heisman buzz around him this year. I think he's gonna be good. Yeah. Five Spencer Rattler. Spencer looked good. He plays four. He plays for an NFL team. But I looked up his stats and they were good. Number six, Michael Pennix.


And then number seven I, Drake May. Mm. It's a pretty good Class. And Stetson Bennett Technically a rookie. Kind of. Kind of. Yeah. He, 'cause he sat out, He bounced back really nicely from his fourth interception Game. Winning drive. Yeah. Yeah. Anthony Richardson also kind of a rookie Kind of, yeah. Yeah. It was fun watching football. I'm very excited. I'm gonna let myself, I really did. I tried so hard. PFTI was like, I'm, I'm not gonna be, I'm not gonna do what I always do and just get crazy. And it was like, I was basically the meme, the kid in class, like holding everything in. I was just, for an hour I was watching The Bears and I was like, I'm not going to get crazy and tweet crazy shit.


Like, this has gotta be different. I gotta act differently. And then I just lost it and just busted everywhere. He, he looked really good. He looked very good. So did Jayden. I'll tell you what, if I was, this is gonna be the worst clip ever. I don't care. I'm, I'm ready. Make no mistake. I'm ready to be hurt again. I am. I haven't felt that way watching sports in a while. Markell Fultz was so good in Summer league. Why do you have to make this about Philadelphia? Good point. What the fuck? That's a good point. I'm just saying, what The fuck? That's a fair point, Max. I'm not, I wanna say I am not ready to get hurt again. Oh, I Am. I am not. I've been hurt too many times too recently. I feel like if we played the Justin not ready to get hurt's first preseason. Yes. That's why I'm not ready to get hurt again.


Exact same thing that you just said, but I just told you Hank I watched him. Never thought once I saw Justin, I shy. See, I knew Mitch wasn't a, you know. Well, I'm not ready to get hurt the guy. I'm not ready to get hurt again. I'm not, I'm not mentally, physically in a space where I could take the hurt again. It will, it will kill me. It will kill me. This will be the last hurt of my life. Max If, you had to pick If. you had to rank between just the three of us in this room. Which quarterback would you want first? Joe Melton. Good answer. He's got a rocket arm stud, Threw an orange, 106 yards. Yeah, I was thinking about it. I think I would want the Patriots to be, to be the best.


Why? Yeah. Because I can al I already know cocky Hank. I already know what it's like to be around Hank. Good Team. Oh, it's the devil. You Know? It's the devil. I know. I don't know how I All that makes sense. That actually On what planet, would we be worse? No, that's a fair there. That's a fair. Yeah. We can't be worse than this guy. That's not true. He's drunk during a show right now, because that's Also not true. But I already hate Hank. I don't wanna, I don't want hate, I don't want you guys. Yeah. You pass a breathalyzer right now. Yeah. We should get a breathalyzer. I doubt it. I I actually understand what you're saying, max, because I don't know what I'm capable of. Like, I, it's scary to think of what I could be capable of.


If Kale Williams was like incredible. I might be a monster. Yeah. I mean it would be cool, like if Chicago was buzzing for the Bears, that would be fun. But We need the hopes to get up. I want both of you guys to play. Oh, see, you're always doing it that way though. You never Thank you, Hank. He wants us to make the playoffs. Thank you Hank. Just, it was just preseason week one. It was, and we might be a year out, but Jayden. Yeah. CJ Straw was really good in the, in the preseason last year. I think more than anything was bad. It's just the ups and downs. I have to figure out how to deal with better. It's the ups and downs. Well, we've, we haven't been here Before. I'm like a drive by drive guy and I need to figure out how to be both. Been here very recently. I need to figure out like a month.


You had RG three Very recently. That was 12 years ago. You had Sam Howell And it lasted like, Oh, remember Sam Howell? You did say was a guy. I was talking soy after two, two weeks last year. Yes. That was 12 years ago. Hank. And we had like maybe 13 weeks where he looked healthy. Sam Howe was so good against Eagles in that one game. He was Twice. Since the podcast has existed, that's why I'm not ready to get hurt again. I've It's, it's becoming But like that we haven't been here before. Yes, you have. No, I haven't Not since RG three second pick. Overall I Sickos croissant. Although I, I, deep down I feel like Packers fans might actually think they're a little worried. Although Jordan Love looks good, but I think they're a little worried.


The RG three croissant picture was so funny. Yeah. Very, very funny. He, he was, He was always horny. He was deep Throat in that thing. Yeah. Deep throating. It Gretta was not. Yeah. RG three. He had that past the gag reflex. She was not like in on the same joke that he was doing. I don't think it was a joke. Yeah, I don't think so either. He Just loves Croson. He loves Croson. Okay. You have Anything else before we do. Who's back of the week?


Who's back of the week is brought to you by the Instigators now out on Apple tv. The Instigators. A hilarious Apple original film starring Matt Damon and Casey Affleck. Both recurring guests about two amateur criminals who are in way over their heads. From the director of Mr. And Mrs. Smith in the Born Identity. The instigator centers on Rory and ex-Marine and Nita Cash, who reluctantly teams up with an unpredictable excon named co Kabi to pull a simple 15 minute job robbing the mayor of Boston. Sounds easy, right? Well, when every step of the plan goes haywire, Rory and Kabi find themselves in the midst of a statewide manhunt running from the police in the criminal underworld alike, with nowhere left to go, the pair turned to the only person they know qualified to handle a crisis. Rory's therapist played by Hong Chow. You, you won't wanna miss this action pack comedic thriller. It's rated our now streaming only on Apple tv. Plus


we're also brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. We all know 2024 has been wild so far. Morgan and Morgan is there. If. you get injured by a person, place or thing. You deserve to get paid. Life can be crazy sometimes, and one person's negligence can result in another settlement. If you're in an accident, not calling a lawyer means you could be leaving money on the table. When you're seriously hurt, your injury could be worth millions. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. We actually had a situation, our colleague Res tore his Achilles during the bar stool, summer games, prayers Up Jersey. Jerry asked Dave, our boss could Reig sue us. And I don't think in that case, but there's a lot of cases where you can use Morgan and Morgan. That was Jerry. Just basically being like, I'm gonna try to get Injured. Could I get injured? Yeah. Yeah. Am I dumb for thinking that since Riggs got hurt, that means that none of us are gonna get hurt. Like he took that for us. Knocking on wood, right. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over a hundred offices nationwide and more than 1000 lawyers with over $20 billion recovered for over 500,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. So playing basketball is hard, but submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. Showing up to the podcast not hungover is hard. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win For. more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or Dow pound law. Pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement.


Henry, who's back of the week. My who's back of the week is Jamis Winston. Yes. Yeah, we're gonna do new place. Same faces, new places. I think we'll do that Wednesday now soon. But Jamis, we forgot. Jamis on the Browns is is a match made in heaven. He had a very funny pre-game speech. Go ahead. Getting the boys fired up. Tell us what he said in the pregame reenact the pre-game speech. Get us fired up. What do you mean? Come on, Do it dude. Get us Fired up. Pretend that you that you're Where my dog's At. Okay. That was good. And yeah, we're we're about to do a podcast. He said like, I'm gonna spell D-A-W-G-S and I'm gonna go.


Okay, So you do it, but Do it for us for the podcast. Gimme a DDD. Gimme an A, a a. Gimme a WWW. Gimme a G. G. Gimme an SS Where my dogs at? Oh, Right here. Oh, Jamis did it better. Yeah. I wasn't as fired up as the Browns were If. you were Deshaun Watson. You saw that you, you'd be a little bit nervous. Right? Of course Jam is the Best. Like he's got, he's got a captive audience. Everyone hang every word that he says. At bare minimum you like if Deshaun Watson has an MVP types year, even with an MVP type year, the rest of the locker room likes Jamis Moore.


Yeah. Like no matter what, you have a backup quarterback that is liked more the Whole building. Correct. Likes Jamis Moore. Correct. Which, And he doesn't have all that baggage that Deshaun has. Correct. The history. Great. Facts. Facts. Facts. Good. Good. Hoops back. Facts. Thank you. Was that the last tweet you saw? No. Oh, That's a good. Who's back? Hank. Thank You. It's a great who's back. Thank You way do your job, Winston. Thank you. He's back. He is. I thought your who's back was gonna be elevators. No, no elevators. We did get stuck in an elevator. Oh, Do tell. We were just going down. We had too many people in the elevator. Was Max In It? Max was not in it. I was not in it. This was bullshit. That was a bullshit question. I was not in the Elevator.


I'm just asking questions. I got down, down safely. I got down safely in that Elevator. Wait, so you, how many people did you get in the elevator? It was probably like 15. I think it's like a, a 2000 weight limit. We had a couple And no max Couple big boys though. A couple football players, former football players. Quis come, Come on Hank. Whoa, whoa. Quis is allowed to get fucking shots. Hank you were in there too. I was in there and I was like, oh yeah, we're good. Let's just squeeze on. And then we got to the first floor and then you just felt it go even lower. Wait Was you got down to the first Floor? We got down to the first floor and then it dropped. Oh. Oh, you sank too low. So they had to open the door, took like 10, 15 minutes and then we had to basically climb out onto the First floor.


Oh shit. Was that a thre and Krupp elevator? I know it wasn't a ois. I dunno what type of It was, but never malfunction like that. So Hank answer me this. Had you been drinking alcohol before this? Yes. Okay. So yeah, I would imagine if you're stuck in an elevator with 15 people that had been drinking. Not Max. Not Max. Some somebody had to go to the bathroom at some point, right? No, it wasn't, it hadn't got to that point. Everyone was, everyone was pretty chilled. Everyone was freaking out. You know, we were squeeze in pretty tight. It Was, it's a nightmare. It was good. It was good vibes. I think it, if it went another like 10 minutes, then you know, some people might have been like claustrophobic or, you know, had to pee. but it wasn't too, too bad. I'm get so mad that Max wasn't on that elevator. Did you get some tunes going?


I was playing some music. Yeah. Where Were you? What's good? Elevator music. Billy Strings. Yeah. You're obsess That. Well that was just what was on my Spotify being played. So I just, you know, pressed play, kept it going, Fired it Back up. We also were playing it, we were playing a great playlist vie, I think you, you asked for it. I just looked it up on Spotify. The playlist is called just Vietnam War Music. Yeah. Yeah. I was watching the planes at Hank's Place and they brought the helicopters out. I was like, we gotta blast Fortunate Sun. Yeah. It's a must, but It's a great playlist. I've been playing it all day. Nice. You've got a little mini Vietnam going on in your brain right now. Yeah. It's all, it's I'm, it's a constant Vietnam in my brain.


Try To avoid land. Who's winning? No one's winning. Yeah. A lot of resources. No one's winning. All right. That e elevator's being, I've been suck in one elevator in my life. It, it was brutal. It's just like that first five minutes. Like, are we getting out? Are we never getting out? And then you realize you're probably gonna be fine. Yeah. You call the fire department. No, it wasn't, I, I wasn't that worried about it until once we got out I was like, oh, that was kind of bad. Like You had to step So you would what If you got caught when you were stepping up or Yeah. If. you were stepping up and the thing came down. Yeah. Oh, it's, that would've been bad. Yeah. Would've been real bad. Bad. We've been a shame. Real bad. Okay. PFT your who's Back? My who's back of the week is the Indianapolis Colts.


Yeah. They just redid Lucas Oil Stadium. They did some renovations to it, some major renovations to the point where I, I don't think they could open up the roof. They opened up the window and they were trying to open the roof up, but they couldn't, I guess they've taken some things down from the stadium and the stadium roof is not used to being opened in this new configuration. One of the things they took down was sent to our office. It's a piece of NFL history to say lightly Jim Rse specially packaged up and sent over. First of all very nice letter. Yes. For myself and Big Cat normal Signature. Totally cool. Signature referred to as as Mr. Cat and Mr. Commenter. I Like that touch. And he added in a little line about sometimes it takes a real friend to tell you when you're pissing in the wind.


Yep. So we opened up the package and what's inside, but the 2014 a FC finalist banner. The one that was hanging up in Lucas Oil Stadium. So we have that here at Barstow hq. The Deflategate game. It's the Deflategate game that Hank actually is responsible for that banner. Yes. And Got arrested. 'cause of that Banner. Yeah. That you can't tell the story. The NFL without the 2014 Colts. A FC finalist banner. We've had a lot of fun with that banner over the years. I think memes has made like 70 Photoshops of it and now it's ours and we gotta figure out a place to hang it up. We Own it. We own it. But thank you to, to Mr. Ersing. Incredible Colts. Never in a million years. I knew that there was a package coming from them.


Never in a million years did I think it was gonna be that banner. No. So we tried to find a place to hang it up in the office. It's so big that there's maybe one or two places we can hang it up. But we have to figure out a good place for it. Yeah. We do it. It's an incredible gift. It is a piece of NFL history. Thank you to Mr. Also very funny way to like rid yourself of that. Yeah, because like putting it back up, you really can't do, it's been mocked a lot, but to send it to us, it's like we have it now. Yeah. TJ had a very good suggestion, which was to get Christian ek to make jackets out of it. How I wanna, I wanna upholster reupholster. I like that idea. All of Vanny Woodhead. Just turn it into the banner on the Inside. Yeah. The entire inside of Vanny Woodhead is just the banner.


What If we just got in touch with Darren Revelle and Clit and had him cut it up and then make trading cards probably with actual pieces Of the penny Of the, the banner on it. We also Had, speaking of the Cols, my new favorite NFL fan. I didn't know this guy. He apparently he's like, I don't know. Colts fans know who he is. Flo with Seth. Yeah. He makes a music video before every game, including preseason games. I'm gonna play you Flo with Seth. It's only 30 seconds. His his preseason music video for the Broncos verse. The Colts preseason week one. Shout out this guy. We need to maybe get him to do a custom song for us.


This is ours. This is our team. We bleed blue. This is for preseason. This Is ours. Whether win or lose, we love them for the shoe beat the bros. Let's show them who the real horse is. This is our team. Go cold. The Nay really does it for me. The nay does it for me. That Was horrible. What are you talking about? That was awesome. That's A football fan. Hank. That's A football guy. Through and through. He makes a custom song for every game I like to deliver. Let's show him who The real horses. Yeah. Yeah. The Nay. The nay. The nay was every, the nay. The nay went. Like you're kinda listening to it like, I don't know.


I don't know. Then the nay hits and you're like, this guy Rocks. I think Hank had already written him off after the opening line. Oh was Sad. Hank. Yeah. Take It back. Show A little slow as eth is the man flow as Seth is the man. Say it. No. Okay. He can do better Sour post. He can do better. I, I don't know. Real sour Post. He can do better. It was week one. It's preseason for flow with Seth too. That's facts get used to it. It, I was thinking if they tried to auction off that banner, how much it would go for and then I realized we'd probably the only ones that would bid on it. Yeah. We would just, we'd our s Yeah. We'd drive the price up. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome gift. Awesome gift. Did you guys like Phil with Seth? Loved him. Okay, good. A voice of an angel.


Yep. Yeah. We gotta, he didn't believe, I think the banner, I think we can put it behind the video board. Yeah. It needs to be somewhere prominent. That's What I was thinking too. But, but that's pretty prominent. Yeah. Like, you walk in and you see it. I just love it. I look at it and I smile. Yeah. It does need to be hung up. I, I wanna see it all the time. It's probably the nicest gift I've ever gotten in my entire life. Yeah, yeah. Probably. Yeah. Think about it. Yeah. Like what could top that? Oh, they're trying to figure out if they could put it up in The, we're trying to think of it. If we can make it our entire booth, it's Way, it's way too Big. No, but they could do it like, Like all the way around and like, even on top, Maybe sideways. Well, yeah, like, no, but like, like everyone would do that in their dorm room trying to be cool. Put the flag little drape down.


Yes. Like, get the vibes right. If we, I I think p ft is Jealous. It, it, it, no, we could No, look at it. I wanna find a good play. I'm just telling you because I got to lay eyes on this thing when it was unfurled. It's way too big for that room. But what if we, what if we wrapped it where it like, was on every single piece Of the room? Yeah. I'm thinking like completely all the way around. I still think it'd Be too big. No. Even in front of the glass. Yeah. I, I could live with that. We should give it a try. We should give it a try around the room. Okay. My who's back of the week is a PGA tour because Graham McDowell on the, Liv got one game, one week suspension for using Na Nasal Decongestion.


That's what he said. Yeah. He said that it was Vix. Yeah, it was Vix banned substance. Either way. I was shocked to know that. Does this count for announcers too? 'cause Jake might be Yeah. In trouble. Big time trouble. Oh yeah. But I was shocked to know that Liv had a steroid policy. I thought that was the entire point. It was like, Hey Dustin Johnson, come play on our tour. Right. You're Good. So, so the PGA tour's back Yeah. Like this is bad for the Liv. You c you have to, you, you, you have no rules. You play golf with shorts. I'm pretty sure that they could sit, they could sweep this under the rug If you, who is it? Graham McDowell. Graham McDowell. Yeah. If, if it was somebody not named Graham McDowell his that made the money, The next event he'll be at is the Live Chicago event. Maybe we should go out with the big asterisk poster board. I'm gonna use so much nasal spray before that.


Right. I can't believe you took away the game We love. Wait, is that the, that's the next event. That's The next Well he's suspended from the next event. Okay. And then the next event he can play in is the Liv Chicago event. But yeah. When they said golf, but louder, I didn't think it was going to have, you know, v's. Vapor rub was gonna be included. Yeah. Just that's fucked Up. Yeah, they should, you should. If you're the Liv Tour, make everything legal. Yeah. Have it be steroids, but golf. Right. Tackling. Yes. In a Football. In a football and then, and pylons and then your championship game. Hundred yard February. Yep. Yeah. All Of it. Then you redo the, the tee shot at the beginning. I mean, they make it very confusing where nobody knows what's going On. They definitely will try to create a football league.


I'm in Saudis more, more football. Yeah. Alright. Huey, your who's back of the week? My, who's back? The good old quarterback controversy. Mm. We, it is perfect time of year for that. I think right now in New England and Denver, maybe a little, you know, a little talk about it happening in Tennessee, maybe. Oh, just, just a good, it's always the mid-tier teams. It's never, it's never, you know, the top tier Super Bowl winning potential teams who are in quarterback controversies, but the quarterback who could be a controversy could come out, you know, like a Russell Wilson and Matt Flynn situation. Yeah. There could be a, a guy who comes out of this. So it doesn't mean that, you know, they're gonna be a, a guy this year, but this could be a, a future thing, especially for the a Patriot or a A this season.


This is the, this is the time when we all Yeah. And I feel like in Denver, at least, Sean Peyton has said so many nice things about Bo Nicks. You know how coaches don't really give a shit what you do in the preseason. Yeah. Sean Peyton probably felt like he had to let Bo Nicks have a great performance. So you probably scheme some shit up for him. That's so he didn't look like an idiot. That's a reputation pick. Yes. Hi. His reputation's on the line. I think the same with Pe Pennix. Although Kirk is gonna be the starter, but yeah, it is fun having this time of year. Well, it's fun being on the other side. Yeah. There's, I don't have a quarterback controversy. No Controversy here. It's fucking, as much as I love Tyson bet there is no Controversy. Yeah. There's, I literally have no other good quarterbacks. Yeah. There was the year that the Bears brought in, we brought in Fos and Andy Dalton.


That Was sad. That was the saddest quarterback controversy. Extra risky. By the way. We should fool. Good quarterback. We should've said fos. Happy retirement. Yeah. Happy. Yep. We, we didn't mention it on Friday. Hank good Riddens favorite fos memory? None. You can't think of one? Nope. Come on. You can think of Snow Game. Snow Game was cool. You remember when he threw that? I don't know if he Was a quarterback Of that. Wait, you, he didn't throw it. Fuck him. Didn't he? Didn't he at one point catch a ball in the Super Bowl was in the same game that Tom Brady didn't catch a ball where he dropped it. That seems like a very special play. It does seem special. Hmm. Max. Yeah. No, I, I like that play.


Max. What, where does Nick Foles rank for you all time? Eagles. Top five. Top five. Top five. Yeah. For sure. I mean, yeah, I guess that makes sense for Sure. Without a doubt. He didn't play long enough to be number one. More than Hertz. Yeah. He won a Super Bowl. He did? Yes. Right. Right now foes above Hers. What a career for Nick Foles. Yeah. Nick Foes. Not a hall of Famer, but he did have that one season where he like a magical season. We should do a Mount Rushmore of guys that had like, we Had two magical seasons. Yeah. He had the one season that people 22 and two. Was it 22 touchdowns? Two Interceptions. Two, two interceptions. It was crazy. Yeah. He couldn't, he couldn't throw a pick that year. Yeah.


But No one thought. Yeah. That was for Chip Kelly. Yeah. And then we traded for St. Bradford. Yeah. But he, he had, let's see, Nick fo Super Bowl and Oh, this is, he's got 87 million in the bank cash that he made. He Paid the snow game Also. This is Very, yeah, that's, that's on me. Very depressing because I just pulled up his earnings. I was at that game. He, his birthday is January 20th, 1989. Oh no. I thought that Was what my If you If you listen back when I said, oh, that was, because I saw in 1989, I was like, he just retired and he's four years younger than us. If. you had asked me, I would've said 1983. That sucks so bad.


He seems so old. Right? God Dammit. Nick FO's as old as fuck. Oh, Actually I was thinking about this side tangent. If LeBron wanted to, how long do you think he could play? So he's, he's embracing the gray thing. I don't know if it's a para steel where he is like, I'm going to let my beard grow out and have it be gray. So everyone sees how gray I am. Yeah. Oh, old, old king still reigns. Yeah. That type of thing. But based on the way that he played If, you, if his, if his steroid guy is still around, I think, I think we'll get to the steroid Mount Rushmore. I think he could play another five years. I, but no, but hold on. I sh I asked that incorrectly. If he embraced being like, I'm not gonna be LeBron James, but I'm gonna play till I am like not good enough to play in the NBA.


I think it'd be 10 years, Maybe. Like If he, if he in five years from now said, I'm cool coming off like being a bench guy coming off the bench for like five minutes a game. He, he will be better in at 45, 5 minutes off the bench than a ton of players. I think at least five more years. Right. At Least like he, it, it's very interesting. I don't think that I, I, I know that that's not how he's gonna want to go out. He, he's not gonna want to go out being on the bench, but he's the first time where it's like, like what, what's his name? Hasam did No, is his name. Yeah. You as has, yeah. you don as Hasam. But like, he wasn't actually contributing at the end. But like LeBron, it's crazy to think, but I actually would say that LeBron, if he wanted to play basketball at 50 years old, could probably make an NBA roster.


He Probably could. Yeah. I don't think that's that far off. 'cause right now he's still top five in the world. Easily. Top 10. I think he's probably top five in the world. In the world now. Yeah. Top 10 in the us Top 10. He's, But still, I feel like he could, But Tatum's better. What is he, if they were on the same team, who do you think would get the menace? We didn't mean we hank we didn't mean to get back to this point. It just happens, happens. LeBron, what is the magic of the show? If? you, I was bringing up an actual hypothetical. We just ended up back in this If, you were to take The five best players from the United States. Would you have LeBron in there? Or Tatum? Tatum. But if you're trying to Win, so would he start? Yeah, he'd be in the closing lineup.


He should be, yeah. He'd be in my closing lineup. Okay. Yeah. I think at least five more years. Yeah. I just, I kind of want him here. LeBron, you can save your legacy for me personally, which I know you care so deeply about If. you just try to push it as far as you can and see If you can play when you're 55. Jordan never won sixth Man of the Year. Right? He like, he could be, I don't know. It'd be cool. It'd be cool to see. He wouldn't do it, but it would be cool to see. And you get an entire season of load management. Right. Just put him in, Come in and go as hard as you can for five minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's get to our incredible interview with Matthew Stafford. And then after that we will do our Mount Rushmore.


Hopefully not as contentious as yellow. Actually, I hope it is. But PFT you got a couple ads before we get to Matthew Stafford.


Yeah. Matthew Stafford is gonna be brought to you by our great friends over at Coors Light. I had a couple ice cold Coors Lights watching the planes this weekend. The air and water show was awesome. The mountains were blue. There's no sports experience, quite like the rivalries between college football teams. And now on Saturdays you can get even closer to the action. With Coors Light and DraftKings, they've teamed up for college football. Pick 'em where you pick winners each week for a chance to win cash. When the rivalries heat up, choose chill, then reach for an ice cold. Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill, there's only one beer to choose. That's Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans. They turn blue when your beer's cold, so you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you. When things heat up, it's a good time to choose Chill. Then crack open an ice cold. Coors Light. I got so amped up about the planes this weekend. I had to take a timeout. I had to chill. I had to hit a Coors Light. Sit on the couch for a second, then boom. I'm ready. See some f eighteens ready to see it all. Coors Light. The best beer in the world. Saturdays got hotter, but you can choose Chill with Coors Light. And DraftKings had Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado.


And now here's Matthew Stafford. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. It is a future hall of Famer Super Bowl champ. It is our Grit Week interviews presented by Coors Light. It is Matthew Stafford. First of all, thank you for joining us. Of course. Thank you guys for having me on. Yeah. So we start every Grit Week interview with the same question. How would you define the word grit? Oh, man, that's the good stuff. That's just being able to fight through whatever is ailing you, whether it's a situation or how you're feeling, but being able to push through anything to get whatever the goal is accomplished.


Right. Whether that's winning a football game, having a good play, you know, rallying for the next night out, whatever it is. You gotta have a little grit Separating your shoulder. Yeah. And coming down the field. Do that clip. You are a gritty quarterback. You've gone through a ton. I mean, you've gotta hit a a million times. You're tough as hell. Do you ever watch that clip of you famously separating your shoulder and them being like, Hey, come out. And you're like, no, I'm not fucking coming out. Do you watch that and be like, man, I am tough. No, I usually I think about that clip or I see that clip and I just start wincing again. But no, it's, it's a cool thing that I got. I lucky luckily to have been micd up, you know, by NL films for that moment.


Otherwise, everybody's just calling me an idiot. Get back up, let's go you woos. But it was, it was kind of a cool moment to have, you know? Yeah. Cool. You were like, get off me. You actually like had to push trainers off you. Yeah. Does that usually work? Yeah, Usually they're kind soft, you know, you know, you can kinda get what you want when it comes to those guys. So, no, I, yeah, that was a weird one, right. They called timeout. And for some reason in my head, the moment it clicked, that was like, that counts as basically my play that I had to sit out so I could go back in. And I knew there was only gonna be one more play so I could get through one play with there. Yeah. That whatever Was going on that. Awesome. What hat are you wearing right now? What is that? Dodger hat. Dodger hat. Do you know anyone that plays for the Dodgers? No, I don't. You know, just a, just an outside fan. You never went to school with anybody? That's what you Saying? No, just, you know, from, from the outside looking in.


Really, We fact check that. Really do a deep dive. I don't know if anybody's heard of it. I mean, You play the game so you don't listen to the games. Do you know how annoying that is? Yeah, I mean, I do. Yeah. I mean, all my friends and family do the same shit to me all the time and, and, you know, give a, gimme a tough time. But yeah, I get it. You know, it was cool 10, 12 years ago, but yeah, everybody gets it. And now we Add Scott Scotty shut. Scott. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's just too much. It's crazy. It's too much. It's, it's wild. When he got arrested, were you like, oh man, this dragging our high school? No, I was like, good for you bro. Man, you're just trying to make your tee time, man. Like guy's just trying to make his tee time. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Do you ever feel like you don't get enough credit for doing the No Look passes? I don't know.


I don't think about it too much, to be honest. As far as like credit goes, you know, I know that they're fun when they, when they work. They're kind of shitty when they don't. But it is, it's part of it, you know, I think defenses are so good these days. These guys are so good at reading what we're doing with our eyes. So I'm just trying to take advantage any little way I can. How long have you been doing that? Is that something that's just more of a recent thing that we're noticing because there's more camera angles everywhere? Or were you doing that like, way back in the day? You know, I think it's probably, you know, been publicized a little bit more recently, but I was having to do that probably back in the day with Calvin. You know, everybody in the building. I was trying to throw him the ball. So I had to find different ways to make it look like I wasn't throwing him the ball and try to move underneath coverage to throw it to him.


But yeah, I mean, it's definitely gotten more, you know, publicity I guess recently. But yeah, I, I had to do that with, with Megatron, just trying to get him the ball. Yeah. When he, when he retired, how, how often would you call him? Be like, can you just maybe please Just, just one more game, love Of God, please come back like, I need you. No, it was, you know what, like, that's one of those, he was such a special player, such like a generational player and such a great teammate that I was, I was genuinely just so happy for him that he was walking away when he wanted to walk away. He was an all time great. We all knew it. It was unbelievable to get the chance and the opportunity to play with him as a young player. But I was so happy for him and I'm still so happy for all his success. But, you know, yes, our team was better when he was out there.


There's no question about that. But I was happy for his career and his ability to walk away when he wanted to, which I think is such a cool thing. Do you have A favorite throw ever? No, probably not. I mean, there's, there ought To be at least one or two that are up there. There's a couple good ones that I can remember that were kind of fun and meaningful. I, in the Dallas game back in the day at Detroit, big Comeback, late in the game, that last two minute drive, I ended up hitting a rail shot to Chris Durham, who's my college roommate, you know, played a few leagues or a few years in the league with me and hit him on a long ball down the left side into like a two Tampa coverage, which was a cool shot in London against the Falcons.


We were down big, and I think it was the touchdown, I think that got me the Career Lion's TD Mark passing TD Mark. I threw one to Golden Tate. That was just a, a launch. That was a good one. Do you know when it's like when you, when you're throwing like a deep ball? Yeah. You know, the second you release you're like, damn, that I fucking, that's a good one. I threw the hell outta that. That's a good one. Yeah, no doubt. Yeah. Well that was kind of a weird one. They were like, Hey, hey. Every once in a while they would just kind of rush through drop eight. And I just told gt, I was like, Hey man, just keep running. Yeah. And it was one of those, I kind of bought a little bit of time. It was third crazy long, might have been 20, something like that, and hit a long touchdown, similar to the one I hit Cooper in Tampa.


Tampa, the divisional round Tampa. Right. Like third and 19. They're like, oh, they're just gonna check it down. And that's when you can kinda, yeah. Go for the dagger every once in a while. Now you're gonna throw a couple picks doing that too, but some, some touchdowns that get you back in a game or do something big. So yeah, That one against Tampa was sick. We also have a coworker who's the most annoying person in the world, who's a diehard Bucks fan. Oh yeah. And you literally snatched the soul out of his body, which Is awesome to watch. I love that. That was, that was a crazy, crazy, I mean, and honestly the, the Deep ball to Cooper in that game to put us in field goal ranges, like Yeah. As far as a full play. I mean, the situation, the whole thing. That was a really, really special one Weird Question for you. Yes. First time you ever checked your Amex points, how many did you have? This might have been a question from a weirder guy, Dan Orlowski.


Oh Gosh, I don't know. Orlowski. Did I tell him at some point? I Don't know. Yeah, he just said that. I said, what? It's a lot of points. I've never used any, let's put it that way. I've never used Will you ever use any? I don't know. I'm kind of at the point now where I'm like, I don't know if I will. So our Boss, Dave, he has 60 million points and he said he will never use 'em. I Don't have that many, but So you'll never use 'em either. I Have a lot. Yeah. I have a lot of points. And you're never gonna Use 'em. But I don't, I I don't, no, I don't think so. Wow. What I love that, what if somebody like wants your points, like you're Not using Yeah, I mean, we could talk about it afterwards if that's what you wanna do. Okay. We could sell your points. Yeah. Listen, I, I don't wanna say like, I, I didn't, I'm, I'm a Bears fan, so I obviously the Lions and Bears were playing, but I always was like, I respect the fuck outta Stafford.


I had to take that. You're gonna be a Hall of Famer in 2018. And people laughed at me. Well, I appreciate that. That sounds like it should be worth a few am I know a couple points your way. Have You, have you thought of that though? Like you are Am Amex points? No, well, Amex points, but yes. Also Hall of Fame. Your career's been phenomenal. You are, and I, I, my point at the time was look at his longevity. If he has a deep playoff run, obviously win a Super Bowl, he's gonna be right there. And If, you look right now, three to four If, you play three or four more years, you're gonna be top five passing yards, top 10 touchdowns. Have you had a second to look back and be like, damn, like I'm stacking it up here. Yeah, I mean, I think I definitely, every year that I play now, I just appreciate so much. And I think back on, I mean, we were just talking about, you know, plays from my rookie year and it's like, man, that was a long, long time ago.


I walk into a locker room with guys that were 6, 7, 8, 9 years old when I first came into the league, which is kind of crazy to think about. But I definitely appreciate my opportunities and appreciate this game. I mean, it's given me a ton. I hope I got three or four more left in me. We'll see, every year is a new year, but I do feel good. And, and as far as the history books and all that kinda stuff, I have so much respect for this game. Like, I was the kid that grew up watching NFL films, watching Steve Sable and those guys voiceover stuff. And like, I was all in on Johnny Unitas and slinging Sammy Ball and all the guys. Right. So I have a ton of respect for this game. And, and just being anywhere near guys like that in that kind of conversation is incredibly humbling. And something that, you know, I don't think about it on a day-to-day basis, but when it comes up, man, it's a, it's a ton of appreciation for me.


Yeah. Well I had your back. Yeah, I appreciate it. People, I was going back through it today looking at it and people are like, no chance. Yeah. It's like, dude, he's been, he's played so many games. Yeah. I appreciate. Yeah, It's great. And the Super Bowl on top of that. Yeah. So what, like a million Amex Points? Yeah, I can get you That. Okay. All right. That actually speaks very highly for Dan Orlovsky, the fact he is a great analyst. Yeah. If he knows how many Amex points you have. Yeah. The guy's a and you don't even know it. Yeah. He's a, that's diver also a it's also very weird that he knows that. And you don't, I'm gonna check my password when we leave here just to make sure it's not Orlovsky eight. Do You ever tell Dan like, Hey, chill out man. Like, you, you love me a little too much. No, I don't. You know, I just accept it all. I accept it all. Keep bringing it. He's the man. I had such a great team. He is such a good dude.


He is such a great guy to be, you know, a part, a part of a team with, he was a great backup for me and, and taught me a lot. So I, I appreciate Dan. Yeah. And everything, everything he said. Did you get a Little bit jealous when he started going hard about Carson Wince? You're like, oh no. Does he have a new Yeah, I thought that was kind of fucked up. You know, the, I thought we had, it was a trust free thing and, and he man he just decided to turn his back for a Minute. He came back. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If, you love something. Set it free if it Returns. Yeah. I mean, you throw a guy AMX points, he'll do anything, you know? Yeah. Yeah. He'll turn right back around. So, I, I pulled up a stat earlier. Since 2011, you have the most fourth quarter comebacks of any quarterback. Oh yeah. Have you considered sucking less in the first three Quarters? Yeah. You know, I think about it, but that's such a good stat. Like, I can't let that go to somebody else.


No. Yeah. No. Three, four games a year, you know, just kind of toy around the first three quarters and then figured out late. You miss The comeback. Yeah. Why fourth quarter? Why not? Yeah. Yeah. I got a weird question. Our good friend Tony Scheffler Oh. Who played with Detroit with Tony When Dave and I beat him two on one in his driveway, did anyone in the Lion's locker room give him shit for that? I don't know that we did, but man, how is Tony doing? I haven't talked to Tony in forever. He's awesome. He's freaking man. He, he's the best. I love that guy. He was all time celebrations guy. Yeah, The, the, in Tampa Bay. Tampa Bay, the Buccaneer sword, the Kansas City Chiefs, he had the Yes, the loin cloth. We were, he was making the smoke smoke signal.


He was all time celebration guy. Super fun guy. That one team great Dude. The one of the Hall of Fame dude. Yeah. Who's your favorite teammate you've ever played with? Oh man, that's a good question. I got a bunch, man. I think like early on the offensive lineman, the guys that I had, like Dominic Ola was a big time, you know, great teammate. Taught me a bunch. Also kind of a psycho, but in like a good way. Yeah. Kid baller. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, unbelievable talented quarterback. Yeah. You, you're His godfather, right? Yeah. I mean, he is a stud. He's one. Nate Burleson was a great dude to be around all time. Fun guy to be around. Didn't have that long of a stretch with him. Obviously the guys here, Aaron, Donald Cooper, those guys are unbelievable.


Does you Still eat breakfast with Cooper every morning? Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. We sit in there, we're watching tape this morning a little bit. We were actually watching the 2017 Rams Colt season opener. Why? Because we wanted to see what the first game, how the offense has evolved since Sean's first game here calling it to Oh, okay. Now it's quite different. And then we turned on 2018 Rams Lions at the Lions and watched me lose the game, which was kinda shitty, but, wow. That Sucks. That's tough. Are you ever like, Hey, can we watch something else besides football? Yeah, I think about it all the time. But you know, Cooper would be, that's totally off limits. Limits. It's totally off limits. Have there been any other players that are like, you know, trying to, to kiss up a little bit too much to you and you're like, I want to get in the Breakfast club.


No, you know, it's, I it's not even like an exclusive thing. Like PCA's in there a bunch too. Our cafeteria here. I don't know. If, you guys have been lucky enough to, to have a meal here? We have not. It's, it's Tight. Is that an invite? Tight quarters? Yeah, please. Okay. Alright. Nice. Please. On me, on me. It's, it's tight quarters in there, so it's, there's not a whole lot of seats and tables and, you know, we're, we're in the process of moving into a, into a new facility, so it just kind of migrated into the QB room. 'cause we're always getting notes and stuff from Sean early anyways, so it's not some like exclusive closed door meeting thing. Everybody passes through and said What's up. Yeah. Going back to last year's playoffs, how, how tough was it to go back to Detroit and like, I know obviously you have that history, your, your all your daughters were born there.


Was it a moment where it's like, man, this is gonna be difficult even though we gotta go play a game. Like it's, there's just more energy to it. Yeah, definitely. It definitely was. I'm, I would be not human if I wasn't feeling some of those emotions. Even like the week of practice thinking about it, you know, and talking to people that, you know, meant a lot to me in my life and in my career that still live in Detroit are a big part of the community there. So it definitely was, you know, kind of, it, it meant a lot. It was tough. And then when I walked into the stadium, I definitely felt it, but once the ball was sat, man, it was time to go. I was just trying to, trying to throw for as many yards as I possibly could throw score as many touchdowns and beat the hell out of him. It didn't go down that way, but that's all I was trying to do.


Don't, Don't worry. We gave Sean a ton of shit for punting. Okay, Good. The game. So he'll never do that again. Okay, good. Just because we shamed him. We're Gonna go for every fourth down the show. I love it. Yeah. It's fourth And 14. Let's Go. That's Stafford zone. Were Were you surprised that the the welcome day he got in Detroit? No, honestly, I was, I know what kind of fans they are and, and like, honestly, I totally understand it. I get it. They're gonna wanna do everything they can to make my life as uncomfortable as possible. They haven't had a playoff game there in 30 years. Right. So they're gonna be jazzed up for whatever. And the fact that it was me, I mean, and our team, I'm sure it was even more so that was honestly one of the best atmospheres I've ever played a football game in Sean and I talk about it all the time and it was incredibly loud. It was, we came out for warmups and there was not an empty seat.


Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, it was go time from the, the second we first stepped outta the tunnel. So it was, it was a lot of fun. Yeah. Was a great game. Were you rooting for 'em after they won? No, I'm not rooting for anybody at that point. Yeah. I have a couple teammates that I wanted to, like ex-teammates that I really wanted to see play well and they did. But at that point I'm, I wish everybody could lose. Yeah, I like that. That's a good, yeah, that, do You watch the playoffs Sometimes? You know, it's, it's hard. Yeah. You know, I'll peak it, but I'm not, I'm not like invested being like, oh, that'll be a good matchup next week. I'm like f this, I wanna be Out there. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So I, after you win a Super Bowl though, it's probably gotta take, does it take a little bit of the st staying outta losing the Playoffs?


I think it's almost the opposite in the fact that like, I know what that feels like now. You know, I've got the, I've got the losing in the first round. I got that one locked up. I know what that one feels like. Only gotten one taste at the Super Bowl. And I'm like, man, I wanna do that. And then when you get those opportunities, I've had so many years where we didn't have that opportunity at all to play in the playoffs that when you get, you know, the opportunity, you, you're really close. You know? I mean like the fact that, you know, Detroit did what they did after they beat us. Man, if we win that game, who knows what happens. So it's, I it makes it, you know, almost even harder to be honest. You're Chasing the dragon. Yeah. Yeah. On another parade. Yeah. Yeah. You had fun at the parade. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna ask, so Tell me, I was gonna ask If, you remembered thinking that you were in St.


Louis during the parade, but you probably don't remember anything. Exactly. That's an all time, did you say like, what's up St. Louis or something? Yeah. No, I, I don't know. I I was having a good time. That one was an early start limited breakfast. All the good recipe for a, for a tough day. But you know what? We had a good time. We enjoyed it. I, We as from a fan's perspective, when like, guys get super drunk at the championship parade. Yeah. It's the Best. Yeah. I mean it's like, That's what you should Do I know, right? Yeah. I I was kind of felt bad about it and Kelly was like, what are you talking about? Right. That's what exactly you've been playing this game for forever, getting your ass kicked. Like you deserve to do whatever you want. And I was like, yeah, I guess so. Have fun. Yeah. Speaking of your wife, by the way, are you nervous that she and Jersey Jerry have DMD before?


Yeah, I guess. I guess I'm You should be. Yeah, I am. She's Gonna end up playing Madden with him. Yeah, That's great. I Can't wait. And she's also, he's also gonna find a way to get like all your sign memorabilia from your house. Oh, perfect. Good, good. When that goes missing, I'll know where to look. Yeah. I I have no idea. Social media is a monster that is lost on me, but Okay. I'll, I'll do you a favor. I'll watch Jerry For you. Thank you. I'll sure. I appreciate It'll make sure, because if there's like some weird like Stafford cleats showing up to the office and like, where'd that come from? Ship 'em back. Ship him back. He's definitely gonna say like, Hey, can you, can you grab me a signed jersey? My son's a big Matt stacker. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Make out his name's also Jersey Jerry. Yeah. Right. Make can autograph out to him.


He dms a lot of players, players, wives, players moms. So at least that you have that. Okay. Okay, good. I feel safe there. That's just kind of His thing. Yeah, Right. Actually you'd be, you'd be lucky if it was her sending you your shoes. He's probably gonna ask for her shoes. Yeah. That's crazy. That's what you gotta watch out for Jerry Little shoes. You don't want that high Six


Quick break from Matthew Stafford. Talk about hard knocks. It's back and it's the official Hard Knocks podcast from HBO and NFL films this year. Hard knocks heads to Chicago for the Bears training camp. I'm very excited. Episode one was fantastic. Can't wait for episode two with number one overall pick. Caleb Williams' most highly anticipated rookie to enter the league and ages expectations are high at Halas Hall. You'll hear from the Giants front office like John Mera and Brian D. Day Ball as they navigate the combine free agency, the NFL draft and Team mini camp go behind the scenes with host Peter Schrager, friend of ours who we're gonna have on the show who maybe gives us some behind the scenes as he speaks with key players from both the Giants and the Bears organizations and the crew from NFL films. So once Hard Knocks ends, this is the podcast for you. He recaps everything. He's got stuff stories that maybe didn't make the cut inside information. Peter Schwigger is the best in the business. You can listen to the Hard Knocks podcast wherever you get your podcast and watch Hard knocks on Max out now Tuesday nights. So check it out and give our guy Peter Schrager a listen with the Hard Knocks podcast wherever you get your podcast.


Okay. Back to Matthew Stafford. I I have a question that's totally not written and sent to me by someone else. Okay, perfect. Here it goes. I thought for sure you would've recruited your brother-in-Law here by now to take over his QB coach or oc He is known as the best wide Receiver coach in the NFL. Yeah. I don't even know who that is, but No, Chad's the man. I'll tell you what, I'm not quite at the LeBron status where I just get to, you know, bring in hire whoever I want. But Chad is the man he, I used to throw to him all the time in the off season too. He is like my Receiver back in the day. But yeah, I mean, we've been trying to get him out here some way. Somehow he would go great in California with the blonde flow. I mean, it's a real thing. I Mean, Sean just hired his best friend from college. That's true. But you don't make the coaching hires.


If Chad could still run a route, I could maybe get him a tryout as a Receiver, but no, it's, it's really cool to watch his career, you know, and their family grow. It's been cool. Yeah. All right. So just remember the name Chad Hall. He's gonna be a head coach. Ohs next Level. Absolutely. Yes. Absolutely. Is he, he's known as the best wide Receiver coach. That is What I he rocked It out Buffalo there for a long time. Yeah. And he's crushing it in Jacksonville now, so he, he does a good Job. And that's not from him. No, No, no, no. Yeah, that's from, I read that Off. That's from a different guy. That was top of my head. Yeah. That sent it over. Well done. So, so what are we thinking for this year? How are we looking at camp? I know that coach told you guys not to fight, right? Yeah. Have you fought anybody? Have you wanted to? I have a theory that the new guardian, the caps that they wear, the soft ones, yeah. People are taking him off and swinging 'em at people more because they're softer.


Well, I saw some, some clips from what Detroit and New York the other day. Yeah. They were fighting pretty good and dudes were just smacking each other in the gardening cap. But I guess, yeah, it doesn't, it doesn't hurt your hands as much. I have not fought anybody, haven't had the urge to yet. I'm usually just too tired of practice to even think about fighting. But no, we've, we've, we've kept the chipping us down, which is good. Camp's been good. A couple guys dinged up, which is like, you know, the worst, you know, for those guys. I feel so bad for 'em. You're trying to, you know, kind of come together. But I feel good about this year. So as a veteran of the NFL for as many years as you played in it, I imagine that going to camp every year in the middle of the summer, you're like, it's probably not a great feeling, but also someday you have to do something to learn.


Like, are you actually doing different things this year than you've done in the past? No, I mean, it's pretty standard for me. I had one, I had one like vet off day, the first day of pads this year. That was kinda like the only thing I've had that's been different than anybody else. That was something that we kind of knew going into camp that I was gonna do. But no, I mean, it is, you know, late July every year you just, you know, buckle your chin strap and get ready for a, you know, six, eight month grind. And, and it's, this is the start of it. I know training camp has changed so much. When I first got in the league, I was part of the old CBA, I mean, we were going two, three a days, full pads. I mean, just beating each other up for weeks on weeks.


And it's definitely player more, more player friendly now. But I also think it's just a better way to do it, you know? Yeah. I think we're getting better work out of it. Yeah. So speaking of camp, how fast last year were you like, oh, pka Nku is a dude. Yeah. I mean, coop was out last year pretty quickly with a hamstring and, and we lost the, lost him and, and yeah. I mean, you could kind of feel it, you know, just physical, like it was always gonna take time. You're a rookie, right? Like it's gonna take time to keep understanding. but it was a testament to him to be able to kind of learn on the go. You know, a lot of people need a full year to kind of just learn and then go. And he was able to do it all in one physical tools are there, I mean, big, strong physical, you know, so much of his yardage last year was like hidden yardage, run after the catch.


And that's stuff you can't really teach. You just kinda let him be himself and, and that's a pretty darn good player. Yeah. Yeah. So, go ahead. I was gonna say on the college front, do you call the dogs Do? I call the dogs? Yeah. Can you, this is A fan Disconnect Georgia thing. They call in all the dogs, they start barking at people. Oh yeah. No, I'm not like a, yeah, you know what? I actually get wildly uncomfortable when people like bark at me or be like, yeah, they'll be walking down the Like two Dogs. And I'm like, Yeah, I don't ever give 'em the Go Dogs back. It just doesn't sit right with me. Yeah. I don't know Why. It's definitely a, a player fan disconnect because I, I agree. We'll see like videos on flights, like going across the country to a Georgia, like a road game or a bowl game. And there'll be guys just like jam packed on Southwest Airlines just barking at the pilot when he gets on.


Yeah. Like, what the fuck go to, I mean, screaming at me and I'm like, guys, thanks. You gotta start Barking back. Yeah. I need to. She's a little bark. I know. I need to, my wife's from Georgia so like, yeah. I gotta, I gotta make her proud. What, What was your favorite game at Georgia and your least favorite game? Favorite game at Georgia? Probably two. We had the blackout versus Auburn my sophomore year, which was the first time we ever worn black jersey, which was sweet. We had a great game. Keely Johnson, I believe of the pick on the first play, which was awesome. And then Sugar Bowl that year in Hawaii against Hawaii was really cool. Felt like we should have been the national championship game there that year. We kinda got jumped 'cause we didn't go to the SC championship, but went to New Orleans, had a good time in New Orleans and, you know, beat up on Hawaii.


So that was a good one. Least favorite game, probably at Kentucky my freshman year. Got my helmet ripped off on a run qb, run on third down, kept running, smashed in the forehead, nose, cut the whole thing. Ooh. And we lost. So I had the loss and just a, just a maed face for a couple weeks, which is a tough one. Yeah. It Probably looked pretty sweet though when it happened. Yeah. I mean, I don't remember it that way, but as a fan, yeah. You probably thought it Was sweet. Yeah, because I, I've seen you seem to take a, how should I put the, a less physical approach to the game Sometimes I've seen you out in space as like a lead blocker on a reverse. Oh yeah. You're blocking is it's something to watch. Yeah, it is. You kinda like, kind of get in the way.


Yeah. But then also kind of get outta the way while making, Nowadays, nowadays I'm just talking to the defenders, Hey man, hey man, easy up. Easy up. Don't hit me. You know, I'm just trying to like, you know, get outta the way safely. Yeah. But I, earlier in my, in my career, yeah. I mean I, I liked the physical part of the game a little bit more than I do now. That's, there's no question. Yeah. In the, that game against Detroit, they beat you up pretty good. Yeah. You got knocked around a little bit. Yeah. Are you getting, do you get mad in the games? Like when you have that adrenaline search like you did? Yeah. The rookie year. What we talked about. Like, are you mad? Are you mad that they're hitting you like that? No, I, it kind of, it kind of fires me up a little bit. You know, like there's only two ways for you to go react as a player, right? Like, you're gonna either like wilt and, and go sit on the sideline and, and be intimidated by getting hit.


Or you gotta charge yourself up and be like, keep bringing it. And I think the first, one of the early third downs of the game, I threw one to, to Marcus Robinson and smashed my hand on a helmet and got hit and hurt like hell. But the only thing I knew how to do was just act like it didn't, and you know, scream back at those dudes and, and get myself fired up. That's Grit. How, how far can you throw the ball? Still, Still? Oh man, I don't know. And maybe, what was your peak? I don't do it. Yeah. I don't do it much anymore. I, in high school, we went to the Elite 11 camp. I threw 1 78. That was like the longest I ever like, tried and threw it, you know, I read a story that you went to the Manning Passing Academy or Yeah. They, when you were on the Manning Cats, maybe they told a story that they book Eli and Peyton were like, we don't wanna throw after Stafford when you were like 17 years old.


'cause you were just like, hucking it everywhere. Yeah. Back in the day I was, the arm was live. Yeah. It was live back in the day. Taking a couple hits. Heard a couple things here and there. But no, I can, I can still get it out there a little bit. I don't, I I couldn't even tell you to be honest with you. It's probably starts with a six instead of a seven like it used to. But it's probably a high six number that's Still, do you guys not like catching your balls, like when they come over from a different team, are they like, this guy? It hurts. Used to be that way. Used to be when I was young and I didn't really know what I was looking at. Everything was coming out as hard as I could. And I was, I was trying to hurt people with it. Now I'm trying to help him catch it, which is better for the completion percentage. That's very smart. People don't give Matt Stafford enough credit for your arm. Yeah, well, I, I don't know. It's, it's whatever it is still anymore.


But back in the day, I could, I could throw it around a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Did you ever play baseball? I did. Were you On, were you on anyone's team? No. No. Just kind a little. Sounds Like you've got a live arm. It was a one man show. Lowly. Did You have the best arm on your team? No. Oh no. Who, who did? That's crazy. Jake Felt No, I just picked another teammate. Jake. Love you man. Shout out Jake. He Jake man. He's sitting like, you Know what the hell? That's Exactly what we needed another guy To talk about tooth Throw. Yeah. A guy that nobody talks about. Felt, Felt, Jake felt, I'll tell you what he was eighth grade, you know, this guy was shaving in the eighth grade. Yeah. It was an unbelievable stud. We'd go to tournaments. He was winning MVP hitting bombs. Hell yes. Launching it.


Great. You forget That Matt Stafford and Jake felt, Jake felt Best. It never was. Jake felt, I don't understand how people don't know that. Yeah. But fun fact about Jake felt five touchdowns in the state championship game. Texas high school record. Wow. Damn. Jake felt legend. Jake felt legend. And He, he caught Who threw those Zero throws? Oh, so wait, how about that? What? Yeah, They were playing a lot of, a lot of two deep show. We're handing it off. Coach Take what Give you Jake Fell was just running With it. Running with it caught a pass from a Receiver on a double reverse pass to Receiver won 59 to nothing. It was kind of like a Jerry's World. No, back in the day. Tyler Rose Stadium. Ah, Jake Felt, Jake felt was a problem. Felt. We're gonna just start saying that. Like, who's the best to come outta Highland Park? Like Jake Felt's, a felt guy Ever heard Jake felt?


Yeah. He's gonna be fired up. Good for you man. Deep cut. Good for you man. Who's gonna, We gotta have, Jake felt. When was the last time you talked to Jake? Felt I Talked to Jake a decent amount. Okay. All right. All right. My guy. Alright, Love him. We gotta have him on the pot at some point. Yeah, We actually are gonna track Him down. Invite, open invite. Yeah, We're gonna track him down and we're gonna interview Jake be that rocks. We're just gonna be like, So what's in store for this year? Prediction Record? Yeah, I don't do that. We're gonna try to win a whole lot more than we do lose, but No, it's, it's so much fun to get out there and do it man. I, I honestly do have a ton of fun with it, but as far as predicting the record, I got no idea for you. Yeah, we'll see every year is a brand new brand New Year.


If, you would've told me last year we're gonna be three and six at the bio. Would've told you you're crazy 'cause I thought we were playing really good and then if I told you, you know, we're gonna win seven and one, we're gonna go seven and one after that you would've told me I'm crazy. Yeah. So, you know, it's just gotta go out there and play. I mean that's the cool and amazing part about NFL football is, you know, you kinda go into the season, you kinda know Georgia's gonna be good. You kinda know Ohio State and those teams are gonna be, you know, the big time powerhouses and then you come into the NFL, you're like man, who knows. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody had the Houston Texans doing what they did last year, so gotta go out there and prove it every single year. Right. How awesome was it at the end of the game against the Commanders last year where Ron Rivera ran like nine plays inside the two yard line and he took like four minutes off the clock and didn't score a fucking point. Yeah. Off it. Are you bitter about that or No?


Actually I was at the time, I was very angry at the time. Yeah. But because we lost that game. Yeah. We drafted Jayden Daniels who I'm, I'm high. I think he's awesome. Yeah, he's super fun to watch. At least he was in college and then a old backup of mine is a, a QB coach there too. David Blau. Shout out David Blau. Yes. He did some good things for him, so Love it. He Blau Purdue, Purdue Boilermaker wife ran the 400 meter hurdles. That's right. And the, when he was with the Lions, they, you know, did the whole deal. The team watched it. I don't think she ran this year, but yeah. Old David bla Q Coach. Yeah. That, yeah. Alright, so no predictions but Dream Career, how many more years are you playing?


I don't know, man. I, I feel really good and healthy right now. I know it Is a really good cliche answer now. No, But I, I would say this. Yeah. I mean I'm full of them. I've been doing this for a long time. But no, I do think that like, there's no possible way I could tell you that answer right now because like at the end of last year I was like completely worn out Right. And zapped. Right. And then it takes me forever to kind of just get like charged up to go again. Right. And what I put myself through like physically, emotionally, and mentally all that stuff for a football season, it takes a lot out and I got a awesome family that I love being around. So I don't know, I know I'm gonna enjoy this year. Hopefully I'm back next year playing. Hopefully I'm back the year after that playing. But I can't, I can't be. But you feel great right now.


I Do I feel really good. That's all that matters. I do, yeah. Honestly, like elbow was shit a couple years ago. It feels great now. There's a lot to me that has kind of revamped and, and feels a lot better. So I feel good. Yeah, it felt like when you're, when you were going through your elbow injury, when you were trying to gut it out for a little bit. Like you had some weird games where your mic, you had to like throw it weird. Were you I was, I was in a bad spot. Yeah. Really? You know, that elbow started all the whole 21 season. I started wearing that sleeve 'cause I was like taping myself underneath my sleeve just to keep the elbow going. I heard it in camp that year and was able to get through that and then we tried to do some things to help it fix and I had 22 was tough as far as the ability to go out there and execute. So it feels great. Last year felt great. Feels good again.


Yeah. Are you like us as fans? Like If, you have a bad game, do you just try to avoid any sort of media coverage whatsoever and you're like, I don't, I don't wanna listen to anything. Yeah, because I don't want someone to accidentally bring the game up then I have to listen to their dumb ass. Like take about it. 'cause as fans, we, we avoid the media like the plague on Monday, Tuesday, probably Wednesday, even Thursday. Then we'll get back. It's like, I don't wanna accidentally catch any strays about like, flashing back to that game. Yeah, no, I mean at, at that point, Monday, Tuesday Wednesday. I mean, I'm, I'm like so moved on to the next game. Obviously, I'm trying to figure out what the hell went wrong in the last game. If we had a bad one or I had a bad one. All right, let's, how do we fix it? And if you're not thinking about the next opponent Monday or Tuesday, like you're way behind.


So that's where my focus goes. And I don't really do a whole lot of watching or listening to, to a lot of like, you know, sports talk or any of that kinda stuff during the season for that reason. So, Stephen, a Smith doesn't enter your head at all? No. Stephen a is not, he's not there. He, he doesn't have any, any space up here. Hey, Who would've won the fight between Jim Schwartz and Jim Harbaugh? Harbaugh. Man, that's a great throwback. Yeah. One of our fights. I, I mean, like, Harbaugh was already like de roping. He was ready to shirt off. He was ready to throw down at. So, I mean, like, that's an early advantage, you know, we weren't gonna be able to hockey pull the shirt over and go. But no, that would've been a good one to watch. It would've, it would've been a really interesting one to see.


That escalated quickly, very quickly, as we like to say. But man, you know, I, I gotta go with my guy that, that drafted me short. Yeah. I think, you know, he's a really sharp dude. He probably would've found a, an interesting way to, to win that one. I think he would've had to kill Harbaugh. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause Les Harbaugh is dead. Yeah. That's, I mean, that's fair. That's a fair point. Yeah. Did you ever tell co Coach Schwartz that his nipples were showing? 'cause he always had like rock hard nipples, you Know, that never came up. Okay. You know, you would think it was, but I saw it, but it never, It was just always, I don't know what it was. Yeah. I think he was just so excited to coach Football. Yeah. I think he just gets geared up for it, man. Send that polo, whatever does it For you. Tucked In, you know, like, damn.


Have you noticed Coach McVay's beards a little bit fuller? Yeah, I think he, I think he's always got a great beard with it. Yeah. I mean, Is it, is it all natural? Oh, is that what you guys are in? Yeah. Is he on the gear? I don't know, man. He might be. He, he, I'll have to, I'll have to get back to you guys on that one. No, we're determined. He is. He's confirmed. Got out of him. Got A hair shot into his face. Yeah. Oh, shit. Yeah. That's the thing, huh? To thicken it out. Yeah. Let him know he's not eligible for the Hall of Fame. Yeah, I Will. Yeah. Asterisk Shot. Asterisk. Yeah. Asterisk. Have You thought about, by the way, going into the Hall of Fame, who you would want to give your introduction speech? Oh man. No. That's way too preemptive. Yeah. I mean, I, was it 2018? I was the one calling. No, I can't think of anybody.


No, I have no idea. I wouldn't even want to speculate on something like that right now, to be honest. Do You think about It's bad luck. Do you think about dying your beard? No, I'm full. I'm full. Like, whatever happens happens. Yeah. Gray situation. I feel like it's, I, I battle it. Yeah. It's like, you know what? I got four daughters. No shit. You got a gray beard. Yes. You know, I mean, I think that comes with the Territory. I get shamed for it all the time. People just pointing out every picture. It looks great. Thank you. I appreciate it. For you. That's Crazy that you got four daughters. Yeah. And there's only two parents. Yeah. Right. So who watches the other two? Yeah. Nobody just kind of figure it out. Free range. Yeah. The old one. Watch the young One. Ones it's tag team, you know, they kind of come out, come in, come out, come in. We just hope we don't lose 'em. When Was the last time you got a full night's sleep?


Actually, last night. My, my kids are actually vacationing at the beach right now. So it was nice. Beautiful night's sleep. That's why I look so rested. Yes. Yes. Good stuff. Yes. Thanks for Saying that. Alright, well, Matthew, this has been awesome. I got one last question. Chevy question. Go to chevy.com Silverado toughest truck out there. This might be a weird one. You might not even have any idea who these people are. Were you ever in the same room or do you aware of superfan in Detroit? Don. Two legends of the season ticket holding community in Detroit. Is that Crack man. Crack man or whatever his name is? No, no, no. They had a video, a famous video where they got kicked out and they were, they did like a press conference from like an alley. I don't know that one. I dunno. That one All time. Video sunglasses.


I need to check that out. Get to me. Lemme know. Yeah, I'll say the End zone. They, they're the best. I, so I went, I, I, I went, I feel bad now. I Went for the Mac Championship. It was, I don't know, like 10 years ago, 11 years ago. And they said when they got kicked out, they said where their season tickets were. So I went and bought tickets. I'm a Bears fan. I hate the Packers. You guys were playing The Packers? Yeah. Went to the game. Sat and watched the game with them. Dressed up everything. No shit. It was the Aaron Rogers Home Mary game. That was a tough game right. In their face. They were sitting there telling me that they were, I don't, I don't remember what your guys record was at the time. We had, we had just won the Thursday night game before that, or the Thanksgiving day before that. I think we missed the playoffs that year by one game. Yeah. 'cause they were doing the math. They're like, once we win this game, we're gonna win next one and then boom.


Right in their face. That one hurt Phantom face mask. Yep. That's what Aaron, he gets away with that Shit. Yeah. Well, you know what? He should be in jail. It was a nice toss. Yeah, it was a nice toss. Yeah. I think we were in a tough, tough defense. I think we had Ziggy onset guarding the sideline at that point, which didn't make Yeah, Probably not the most sense. Not the move. We had Detroit Don Super fan. They're, they're big fans. They, they're, appreciate you guys. They're, they're what, like the crazy Detroit fans. Are we, we had Superfan on the show. Yeah. When the Lions made it to the playoffs just to get his reaction. And he said that there was a woman who sat next to him named Sprinkles, who said, what's that? 2017? She's like, I'm never coming to another game until they make it to the playoffs. Shit. And then they saw her at the playoff game.


She showed up True to her word. Yeah. What a, what, what a lady Sprinkles. Yeah. You know, Sprinkle, I think she Dressed like a Clown. Yeah. They thought she had died. Yeah. And they were like, what? Sprinkles was alive. Yeah. So they brought her back to life. Yeah. That's Incredible. Yes. Good for them. Yeah. But Matthew, thank you so much. Best of luck this year. Appreciate it. Future Hall of Famer. Thank you. Future giver of Amex points to me. Yes. Former teammate of Jake Felt, Jake felt Jake felt legend. Yeah. And to, for our guy. And we'll watch Jersey, Jerry. 'cause again, appreciate it. That's, I need a little oversight there. The minute you see that name, I, I don't even know what that conversation is like. I don't want to know. Wife is like, Hey, I talked to this guy Jersey. Jerry, I'll, I'll ask. That's Yeah, we gotta shut that down.


Perfect. I like that. Sounds good. Thanks Man. Thanks for having me on, guys. Appreciate It. Yep.


Matthew Stafford was brought to you by our great friends over at Via tour. Via tour is a tool that you can use to plan and book travel experiences around the world. Our app and website make it easy to explore 300,000 plus travel experiences so you can discover what's out there no matter where you're traveling and what you're interested in. Hank and I took a nice little boat cruise on via tour. We used Via tour last year, right when we moved to Chicago. I actually just used it this week to book A trip. An elevator. No, my parents are coming up. We're doing a cruise. I I use it in Amsterdam. I did a canal that, A canal Tour. Look at the boys I use Via Tour. Yeah. Using Via Tour. I'm planning vacation right now for right after the Super Bowl this year. Planning ahead using Via tour to get all my experiences lined up. No matter where you're going, you can use Via tour. It'll have something that you're interested in Via tour helps you plan the perfect travel experiences for you. You know what, what's awesome about vacations when you go on a vacation with somebody who's like a really detailed planner that does all the legwork, looks ahead, finds the best things to do, gets everything set up well. You can be that person with Via tour. It's so easy to use and they have free cancellation. So it helps you plan for the unexpected 300,000 plus travel experiences to choose from. A means that you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy. They've got 24 7 customer service. So you can know you'll get support at any hour if things aren't going as planned. And they've got real traveler reviews. So you get to hear insider information from people who've already been on the experience that you're considering. Download the Vitor app now. Use code via Tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Find travel experiences for you. Do more with Vitor.


Part of my take is sponsored by BetterHelp. When your schedule's packed with Kids Activities, big work projects and more, it's easy to let your priorities slip. Even when we know what makes us happy, it's hard to, to make time for it. But when you, you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy Day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/pmt.


Okay. Time for Mount Rushmore. Before we do that, we did promise that we would tell the Huey story after the Matthew Stafford interview. Huey obviously big Lions fan. He went up to Matthew Stafford and he said not, Hey, Matthew Stafford, I'm a huge Lions fan, or Thank you for being the quarterback on my favorite team. He went up to Matthew Stafford and he said, Hey, Matthew Stafford, you're the first person I ever saw get drafted. I still don't really understand what that means. And then we asked you and he is like, well, I was nine. It was the first draft I watched. Yeah.


Yeah. That makes sense to me. Yeah. So you Don't, you don't remember any players ever, Ever getting drafted. You Don't remember Calvin Johnson? How old were you when I wasn't, I didn't watch it live though. He he literally just saying physically, he remembers. Yeah. He didn't watch the draft before. Where were you, where were you when Matthew Stafford got drafted On the couch. Watch. Yeah. Nice. First one. The first player I ever remember getting drafted. Yeah. Now did you watch the draft the year after? Yeah. I Was it Sue Sue and the, No, I don't know. Oh, Oh yeah. I thought it thought it was the Sam Bradford Draft. The Yeah, it have been before. Yeah. That sounds right. Yeah. So, yeah, I Do, I get, that's what got me into the draft. I got super into all the drafts and got me into football.


But like the first season I ever watched was the oh and 16 season. Okay. So I watched every game win one. So The draft was your biggest Game win. Okay. That makes more sense. And Then like, I kind of didn't know the, like, how the draft worked. And then like, the week of the draft, I kind of figured it out and I was like, oh, okay, We're up first. And Then Snake at the first pick against snake. Not a snake. Yeah. I, But like, I also, I'd be sick if it was you, it Would be you. I assumed like Stafford was gonna be like a God, like day one. Like, all right, we're, we're set. Like, he's the guy. And so that was weird when, you know, had to deal with all that. But Huey, Who was your favorite person to watch get drafted? Oh, it was Naam and Sue. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't a The year after.


Yeah. I had 'cause you knew what the, you were ready for that Draft. Yeah, I Was ready. I You were a draft vet. Yeah. I I've been through it before. At that point, I was so excited for that guy. I mean, Stafford's face, when you said that, he was just like, what? He didn't, But He laughed. He, he was like, oh, okay. Yeah. All right. I haven't heard that one before. He probably has so many Lions fans that have gone up to him in his career. Right. And never once has somebody said that to him. You were the first person I saw get drafted. Like, that's impressive. That's impressive. Yeah, That's true. He's not gonna forget That one. No, he definitely will not. I Love that. Because you're going up to, to one of your athletic HEROs and being like, let me tell you about when I saw you on TV one time. Yeah. It meant a lot to me to see you on my television.


Yeah. Be a name called I Was getting emotional in the corner when you guys started to talk about the playoff game. Yeah. And, and the and yeah. And you know, him getting his ass kicked in Detroit. Like That was nice. It was, it was very cool. Like hearing both him and Sean McVay, obviously he's different with Stafford because of the time that he spent there, but how much they like, loved that stadium and that environment. Yeah. How cool they thought it was. And Stafford was, I mean we've been trying to get Stafford on forever and it did not disappoint just a fucking great dude. Yeah. He's the man. Like, awesome dude. Had a lot of fun talking to him. Hope everyone enjoyed the interview. Okay. Mount Rushmore time. So what is the score? Do we have it? I can pull it up. Pull it up that in first slight little bit of controversy maybe.


No, There's no controversy. Really. Hank broke the rules. Yellow, yellow, yellow. Really set this thing off. Feels like we're back into Mount Rushmore season. Yeah, I saw a lot of pictures of yellow cheese. Thank too everyone for having my back. Agreed. What? Wait, Yellow Cheese. That wasn't, that wasn't Jack what you said. Yeah. No, you remember no pictures. Saw yellow pepper jack cheese. Wait, Hank all the pictures that, that people were sending you and me and Big. Cat and Max. You thought that those were yellow pictures of pepper. They were sending that to you. Yellowish. They're ready to get tortured buddy. Get ready to get tortured. What do you mean? Just this? Why I don't think you're equipped your brain's equipped right now for this.


Oh, I'm ready to go. Okay. So you cheated This one. This one? Yeah. But you cheated. I have the scores by the way. Okay. Give us the Scores. I mean, I came in dead last. It didn't matter. But I still but so stilled. I didn't. I did not. You did cheat. The rule rule is you're not supposed to tip your picks beforehand. The first tweet I saw from you ye on on Friday morning was cold play yellow. That was a coincidence. You also had a picture of SpongeBob. These Are your rules by SpongeBob and Pikachu. You created And you created. That was After. you guys were, were You created these rules Slipping out. Yeah. Hank You re tweet. I Created the rules. I didn't break 'em. You Retweeted them Mount Rushmore. And you're not allowed to do that. I do that every per your fucking show. You know, you can't retweet the poll and you don vote for team two. No, you don re no you don't Twee. It's very different. Yes, I do.


You you, you broke the rules on Mount Rushmore season, which we hold very near and dear. And that's what you do. You've shown it time and time again that you break the rules. You don't care about the integrity of Mount Rushmores. How about minus one point? We him and no PFT tied. I think that's fair. No tied for last. Hey, when when I broke the rules last year, You, You actually broke the rules. What was the punishment that you had? I forget. You were the first one to break the rules. Mount Rushmores. I gave you points. We Need the commissioner of the commissioner of Rushmore to, to China. Yeah. You broke the rules of Mount Rushmore way back in the day draft. He Broke the rules. But he also Came in last pizza Draft. Yeah, it came in last. The pizza drafts. You, you broke the rules. It came in last. It doesn't matter of What This, this yellow.


Yeah. But this is a pattern. That's what we're saying. There's a pattern used, Not a pattern. Flagrantly disrespecting Mount Rushmore season. And the integrity Which did operation, which you did a pizza draft. Got It. Alright. So what do you wanna do? I'll Just retire. Nothing. Alright, good. I don't, I Mean retire. You would be in last. I Did see that clip of the pizza draft, which I had for, forgot I had memory hold some of it because you've put so much blame on us for ruining Mount Rush. We seem like the bad guys You are. And I forgotten in that clip that before we admitted that we threw that draft, you admitted that you had someone else make all the pics for you, Liam. Yeah. Not you. Which Is illegal. Oh, it's not, It wasn't on your team. You don't ask people for for No. Yeah. You do What Whatcha talking about?


Yeah. What? And Liam made your list. How Many Wait. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you asked people for help. No, but I'm sure you guys do. No. What? It's not, we're not doing rocket science. Yeah. I was just Curious. Okay. Alright. So Mount Rushmore of steroid users. Alleged we'll put a legend in for, but a lot, most of these people Do You want the score? I got the score. Yeah. Yeah. Hank, did you ask anybody for help in this draft? Yeah, I did. Oh, Billy football. Oh, You could be a pick. He could be a pick. He could be a pick. He could be a pick. All right, here's the scores. Max first. 53. Big Cat. You don't have to say it like that. Big Cat. Second 44.


Hank third. 37. Ooh. PFT Last 36. And we Had nine Mount Rushmores left. But is that It? Hank out last place? Yeah. I got first place in the last one. But memes, we need to figure out what the punishment is. This is, so we have nine Mount Rushmores left. 'cause I, I believe we ended before la. The Labor day is the last one. It's gonna get tight boys. Okay. Memes. I don't think Hank should be punished. Yeah. No Punishment. I think he should just be, you should give him a warning though. All right. You get One warning. There we go. Hanks on a, and maybe another warning, but I wanted a documented warning. So like, when people look back at this summer's Mount Rushmore, it says the final scores.


But then it says Hank received one warning. Actually, I'll find 'em. I'll find 'em. Me memes. Could you put that in writing? Yeah. A written warning. I'll give 'em a fine $1,000 to the commissioner. When people look back at the history of Pardon My Take and they go through every Mount Rushmore season, it should say Hank one warning. Do you agree? I could. You're allowed. I would love about rush war. Yeah. The yellow Coldplay though We've never, we've never done that before. And yellow. I wasn't tweeting it. That wasn't tipping a pick though. No, But you can't retweet. Oh, you just happened to tweet your pick that morning. Yeah, it Was just a video. I mean, we could play that game. We put you made this rule because we have bigger followings and we could play this game. But we don't, we we, we play by the rules.


Like if I just tweeted out my pick in the morning, everyone would be like, oh, I'm gonna go vote for that. Oh, what you say? You allege that. I guess You do. The whole reason we have the rule is because you're like, the listeners will vote for PFD and Big Cat over anyone else, so we can't let them know. And then you went and did that. It's almost like you did it intentionally. Yeah. It's almost like you wanna get kicked outta Mount Rushmore. No, I guess that was a mistake. I wasn't really thinking that thoroughly about it. But that I guess by the letter of the law was wrong. Your laws, What do you mean? You weren't thinking that thoroughly? This is, these are all points that you've said to us Before. You've made these laws on us. Yeah. I was just like, I wasn't tweeting it about Mel Rushmore. It was a great song. I got reminded of it when I made the great pick and then I was like, oh, it's a great song.


Lemme tweet it out. It's not that trash. Share it with my friends. It's not That. Not not in You Came in last. It's not Mount Rushmore's cool play songs. Yeah. The Anime Freaks didn't show out. Shocker. Part of my take in the anime crossover. We got a few. Okay. Who goes first here? Mount Rushmore. I go first. It's a terrible draft out. First shout, shout out our guy at the meet and greet who gave us this idea. I think this is a good Draft. Yeah, it's a good one. Yeah. This will also be a good, this will be, it'll be a nice like change of pace from from Fridays. Yeah. Right. Yeah. It'll be a lot. There's some more open-ended ones coming up. 'cause I do like those the Most. Yeah. But we needed a, we Needed a straightforward One. That one, that one took a lot of, a lot of years off my life. I think we Were arguing it days late.


That's a rather Italian American white. They're all white. Yeah. No, I was, there was times where I was like laying in bed and I was just thinking about the che, the different white cheeses. And then I was thinking, I Is that different? There was another time. Yeah. At one point I like thought, I was like, oh, that was a good ar That's a good argument that I should have used. I was like, I was thinking, I, I was like, Hank said yellow starburst. Does that mean he gets all Starburst? Because there's one yellow Starburst. Oh, it really rattled you. Yeah. No, It really rattle. Well, taking yellow Starburst was maybe the worst pick outta a No yellow. The Coldplay song. Yeah. That's was very bad. Yeah. Yep. Was very bad. Alright, so I first picked, picked Patrick Mahomes.


What? Nothing I did. And I admitted it was a bad pick. You haven't admitted any bad picks. I stayed, I said I got crazy with that one. It was stupid. I took, I I, I got sometimes in Mount Rush where I know the p ft can back me up. But sometimes you just like, you just throw one and you're like, whoops. That was a mistake. I Do it all the time. Yeah. Probably shouldn't have. It just happens where you just say it out loud and you're like, fuck, I wish I had that back. Probably shouldn't have said ice cream sandwich in the sandwich. Draft. Yeah. Right. It's a, it is a delicious sandwich, but it was a bad pick. But that's, it happens every Mount Rushmore season where it's just like, you just lose your mind in the middle of a draft. Someone makes a good pick. You panic. Patrick Mahomes gets Picked. I should have said meatball and pizza. Yeah, You should have.


Yeah. Didn't, okay. Should have. Okay. My turn. Yeah. First I will go with I think steroids. I think one person, I think Barry Bonds. Yep. Okay. Good pick. That's A good one. One. Yeah. That was that. That was a good one. One, There's, so there are a lot of good picks, but that's the one one I think. Yeah. I still have my one one, but I had, I had bonds as one two Jose Canseco. Ooh. Good Pick Big steroids guy. He's, he's like the Johnny Apple seed of steroids for Major league baseball. Taught everyone how to use it. Yep. The Bash brothers. He looked like a, like a, a like beached whale. He was on so many steroids when he boxed Billy Jose Cansecos. Gotta be one. One. Yeah. Alright, so I'll just stay consistent here.


Mark McGuire broke the home run record. That was Steroid City. He was also the tip of the, the whole thing when they found the andro. Great Andro Yeah. Genius. Move on his part. Yeah. By the way, we don't talk about That's PR 1 0 1. Yeah. Leave a, a bottle of legal steroids in your locker. So people talk about that. And then that's the controversy. Yeah. These are the, I would say these are like the faces. Those are the three faces of steroids. Yep. Three. Yeah. The three pimply backs of steroids. Yeah. Mark McGuire, he, he captured. I I also, we should have said before, we got no problem with any of these. Right. We like steroids. They all Should be in, In the Hall of Fame. Yeah. In the Hall of Fame. Like it's not a judgment thing. Maybe not Conseco.


No. His numbers probably aren't there. Yeah. He lost Billy football And Well, yeah. That's, that's should out, that's the number one thing of why he shouldn't be in The Hall of Fame. But yeah. Mark McGuire, Barry Bonds. They should be in the Hall of Fame. All right. Hank, I'm Gonna go with Lance Armstrong. Good pick. And then I will go Tough. See four four is such a good spot. It is. Four's A good Spot with bangers back together. Yeah. But then things are gonna be pretty thin. You get Yeah. There's a, there's a wall. Like one one's tough spot for this draft. Brian c Ooh. Okay. Okay.


Interesting. I had him on my list. He was much further down on my list, but I had him I Like it. I actually don't know. I'm, I'm gonna take my next pick that I was planning on. I would've even taken him one my first pick because he is also Mr. Steroid Arnold Schwarzenegger. Yeah. I thought about him at one one. Yeah. I mean he's like, he actually also, the way he talks about steroids is very funny. He's like, I was prescribed by a doctor. So what? Like now all these guys are doing steroids and it's bad. Yep. But he was just, he was just r up. He was, and I mean, all his just, he's a icon. Make you feel good about Brian C Nope, he's on my, he's on my others.


He's On my others. I did have him. I, I had him as fourth round value. He's on my others. I mean, he was wroted out. He was, and, and I think it was a combination of like, you know, the, the arms with him screaming all the time with his bloody face. Yeah. It's good Pick. Good pick. Hank. Okay. Pft at Arnold Schwarzenegger Hank's staring through my soul. Right? Huh? He just, He Are you mad at, are you mad at me or are you mad at yourself? I'm mad happy he took cold play again. I feel good. He just did it again. No, I feel good. Okay. I Am. Lance was a good pick. Thank you. Lance was, was had to go brainer in the first round. Had to go in the first round. Absolutely no brainer for Lance. All right. For my second pick, I'm gonna go with, I'll go with Sammy Sosa.


Mm. Sammy Sosa. Might not have done steroids. Did steroids. Definitely did steroids. I don't was, I think his head got, I don't like that twice as big. I don't appreciate that question. Didn't he get adult braces too? I'm gonna find it. I think he got braces when he was like 35 years old. He so out. Hold on. I'm gonna find that clip from this year when Luke and Ellis asked him if he, if he finally is ready to talk about like his steroid use. And he just didn't talk, right? No, he, he, hold on. I'm gonna, this is what he said. This is like I say, this is not a question that I expected from you.


Okay. That's not a guy who did steroids. Yeah. Not a question. I expect that's not a guy who did ster. That's like the only question he's ever been asked. I might have to put an asterisk on that. Pick. PFD big time steroid guy. The biggest, he, and he also did a genius move. He did, he did his own version of, and Andrew. but it was with a cork bat. Yeah. Where it was like everyone, well that was, that was to put on a show for the people. Wrigley. That was a, that was a batting practice bat that I just love that he's still like, you can't be more of a steroid guy to have a steroid question. Still like kneecap you in 2024. Yeah. Just say you did it, dude. Just be like, not a question I expected from you. Okay. I'm gonna go with Arod. Okay. Good pick.


Good pick. I'm between two Arod was I should work? Should have taken Arod. I mean, No, I would, I would've You got suspended for a Year. I would've rather. Well you have another pick. I know Aro. Oh, you're saying you would've rather taken Sandwich. I think I would've rather had Sammy. I'll trade Sam. I'll trade. Trade. Can we do trades? I, me? No, no. There are no Trades. We have the most, we have the most passive. We're basically ha our commissioner is Bud Sig. He's just like, I'm not looking at what you guys are doing. Yeah. Alright. No trade. No trade. Okay. This one's tough between two guys.


I'll go Roger Clemens. Good. Pick Roger Clemens. Good pick. Yep. Yep. Okay. My favorite Roy rage moment from Roger Clements was when he threw that bat at Mike Piazza. Yeah. And then he, he yelled at him. I thought it was the ball afterwards. No, he's a good, he's a good, he's the other guy. I, he is probably a better player, but Clemens is more of a steroid guy in My mind. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he just got so Angry. He's such a steroid guy. Yeah. He got so angry. Okay. PFT I'm gonna go with Vince McMahon. Mm. Had him On my list. Yep. I had him, Vince on my list. Vince. Yep. Yep. Vince. And he also did the Bud Selig where he just let everybody else use steroids. Yeah. He, he, he didn't care. He just was so fucking out that when he like the attitude era.


It was crazy. Yep. Crazy. Okay. I'll go with someone different. Some may say best in the world, best ever. John Jones. Yeah. I had him on my list. John Jones. The, the only thing about him is he did so many other drugs too. Yeah, he did. But he did do steroids. He did steroids also. Yeah. He's a lot of guys. Yeah. He's everything. He tried it all. Okay. Hank Okay. I have two. Yes. There's a big one there. There's a big one. Yeah. Is there? Yeah. Really big one is big in his name.


Yep. You're, you, you would never pick 'em, But you could maybe save your draft. I will go, There's honestly two guys that you Yeah. There's Two guys that You could actually three. Yeah. There's three guys. There's three guys you could pick. I should we give Hank Five? Should we give Hank five? Five picks? No. If he, if he agrees to take Manny Poppy Nomar. No, I'll take Manny Ramirez. Oh, okay. Ah, okay. Okay. That was the one I was debating with, with The way he got caught was very funny. He was taking like A female fertility drug. Right? Yep. Yeah. And they had a system. I think he just forgot.


He Said he took his wife's by Mistake. No, but they had a system and they talked about it. The guy that did it, they had a system to kind of get by the testing that was foolproof. Minnie Ramirez just forgot and like took it on the wrong day. Came in, got tested, got got, yeah. Busted. He took the pill on the wrong day. Yeah. 'cause he was an idiot. Yeah. And then I will go with LeBron James. Oh, oh, oh, interesting. Pick. Interesting. Very interesting. That's, that's fun. That's a fun one. Hater Of the year. Hank doesn't Hater of the year. Okay. Probably you're not gonna get any LeBron, LeBron fans. Yeah. There are many. LeBron Sexuals are not gonna like that one. All right. I Gotta pick. I mean, how is he not on steroids? I listen That Pick.


I'm not, I'm not debating that. I'm just saying I'm not throwing a flag. That's probably an honorable Yeah. I mean there's, that's probably an honorable mention. Yeah. I have a pick that I, I don't want to hurt our future chance of having him back on Julian Edelman. No, I, I know where you're going and I would, I would take this. Yeah, I will take this If. you don't. All fine. I will. Peyton Manning's wife. Yep. That, that Was, that was my fourth Bet. I had him. That was my fourth bet. All ledge. I had Peyton Manning's wife. That was, that was gonna be that. I almost took it one, one to be honest. It was always, I thought I thought about it. One, one. That was gonna be my last pick. Yeah. Yep. Good pick.


Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. I would've done it. If. you feel better than everyone else would've done it. Yep. People forget alleged. Yep. But yeah, that was a hilarious story. Very funny. They said, we're not saying Peyton did it. No, no. His wife, his wife. His wife is a steroid guy. His wife was coming back from a very bad neck injury. Yep. Wanted to win a Super Bowl. Wanted to win a second one. Okay. This is my last pick. Yeah. I'm gonna take Secretariat. I knew, I knew you were going to Ooh. Secretariat some would say the the greatest athlete of all time. Yeah. But Its heart was like three times too big. We've documented that. Yeah. Tirelessly on this show. Secretary. Definitely on steroids. Randy Moss, white Randy Moss.


Agreed. Chances are very, very high. That secretary was doing steroids. Yes. Yes. Dirty Horse. That's why Flight line's the goat. Yep. Flight line is the goat. Okay. Max, your last pick. I really wanted to paint Manning's wife. That, that's upsetting to me. Oh Wow. Clip that. Geez. There is another wife, but you already No. Who you already, you could get the couple. Oh no. Roger Clemens Wife. No, I don't, I don't, I don't Need that. That Was not as famous of a story. Although there was the picture shoot There. There's a By the pool. Yeah. There's a big one out there. I mean, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll just go with Big Poppy, but I don't know what they Were thinking.


Okay. I was thinking Tiger Woods. Ooh. Did he? I mean, You could make the argument. Yeah. Maria. I Just went all baseball, which I hate, but whatever. Yeah. Alright, so, so Hank, let's play a game where we'll do Honorable mentions. Tell us which ones you wouldn't take over. Brian Cushing. Okay. Okay. All right. Jaris. Terrible pick. Okay. Billy Football. You'd rather have Nah. Yeah. Liver King. Liver King's a, a good one. I thought about Taylor Luan. Nah, these, none of these pop. No one knows These people. Hulk Hogan. I had Hulk Hogan. I thought about it. Yeah. Decent.


But I'd still rather Brian Cush. What About Dr. Dre Didn't even know he was on steroids. He's Dead. What about I actually think the, when I think football steroids Bill Romanowski. You're old. Okay. Oh yeah, That's right. He had a suitcase I thought about of steroids, bro. Broke the fucking f He broke his face. I should alone last. It's Stallone Stallone. I had Ivan Drago if we wanted Fictional. Yeah. But like, it's not, there's nothing wrong with wrestlers or actors taking steroids. Well, we're not Saying there's anything Wrong with, wrong with anyone taking I know, but it's like, it's, it's What about the Boz would you take, when you think Steroids, you think of rule breakers? Not just like guys like a Jack. Would you take the B over Brian? KI don't know Tony Mantric? Nope. Nope. You Don't think of Schwarzenegger when you think of steroids? Oh, I definitely, Yeah. No, I think he's just jacked.


Okay. Joe Rogan. I'm Gonna come. Joe Rogan was another one that I thought about. Would You take Joe Rogan over for Reiser? Nope. Nope. Thomas Gura. I like Brian. C's a good pick. Like when you No, I don't. I think they're on, Do you see the name Brian Cush? Legally? You instantly think steroids. Buster Rhymes. Is he on steroids? Yeah. He's fucking swollen now. Ct. You sound like Cts a good one. Yeah, Cts is a good one also. What's his name? Wes. Yep. Wes was a fucking classic steroid. He, he was a skinny ass fuck. And then he came back right out that one season. Said he had over, he was a hundred companies. He had a hundred companies. And then someone figured out he was just like he had, he just invested in like a mutual fund.


Yeah. And so he owned technically a hundred Companies. Yeah. Eric. Kanye. Kanye. Right. He was, he was a good one. Just 'cause he was such a fucking head case. His name translates to I win. Yeah. Deandre Hopkins doesn't pop. I like, I like Brian. C's a good pick. Okay. Macho man. Randy Savage. All wrestlers are on it. Chris Benoit. I thought about Benoit. Yeah. Would've been tough. That's a tough one. That's a tough one. That does not, you don't want to, you don't wanna vote. Ster Undeniable. He don't want you don wanna famous statue made of him. you don't wanna vote on that guy. Undeniable.


Undeniable steroid guy. Yeah. For Yeah, for sure. Ben Johnson, the runner. Yeah. To be honest, did you know that I had no idea about anything of Chris Benoit until our coworker Mike Greer wore a T-shirt that that said that had his name on it. Yeah. I can Believe that. I had no idea who he, I had no idea of any of that story. I bought a shirt for one of my friends one time. A Chris Benoit cross face Crippler shirt. Yeah. And I thought it was funny. And then we both realized there's, he's never gonna wear it. No. Yeah. No, Never. One of my personal favorites Ryan Braun because Aaron Rogers said he be a year's salary. That, that's right. Ryan Braun was clean. Yep. Yep. That was awesome. That's a good one. That's Good. Oh, sorry. They owned a restaurant together. Raphael Palmero. Yeah. Yeah. And Just because, because he testified in front of Congress and he pointed his finger and he said, let me be very clear.


Yep. And then turns out they did it. Brady Anderson is another one that wouldn't play on the graphic but one of my favorites 'cause he hit like eight, I think he hit 210 home runs and 50 in one year. Yeah. And it was literally like 18, 18, 18. 50 18. It's just, he played 15 years and a quarter of his home runs came in one year. Yep. Jules. Jules. I had Jules on my list. Yeah, yeah. Jules is on my list too. I didn't wanna, I'm not gonna say the person. I was about to say, what were You gonna say? Because it's speculative. Who? It's a recurring guest on the show. Very nice guy. Oh No. Very, very nice guy. Text It to me Jerry, I'll text it to you. Jerry is on the worst steroids of all time if he's on steroids. Yeah.


Jimmy Garoppolo. I forgot, I forgot. Jimmy G just got busted for using peds. Yeah, it was some really bad peds. Yeah. The Blake. No, No. Come on Brooks. No, no. He would never do that. I'm trying to think who else I have on my list. Yeah, Most of my names are off. Like I didn't have many. Who was it? Nah, he didn't do it. He, he probably didn't do it. I'm so confused. Carl Lewis, was he Carl? So Carl Lewis, he had Carl Everett. Carl Lewis won three gold medals. He a dinosaur. I think he won the a hundred meter dash three Olympics in a row. Be and They got adult braces. That'd be 12 years. And then he got the adult.


No one can win the Olympics three years in a row. The a hundred meter dash In Adult braces. We didn't bolt do it Probably, but he's a freak. Tom Elli. Yes. Tom Elli. Yeah, he does them does steroids for sure. Doesn't he's, have you seen his balls like Tic Tacs? Good list though. I feel good about it. Very Good. You feel good about it? Who is your for again? Hank Lance Armstrong. Good pick. Brian Cushing. Great. Pick mania. Ramirez. LeBron, I mean how It's a good list. Hank is for sure gonna tweet out like a video of Brian Cushing like bashing his skull tomorrow morning or just Like, oh been warned. Starbucks cup. Is this for chicks? Yeah. All right. Good. Mount Rushmore. Good Show boys.


We'll do an open-ended one on Wednesday. Yeah. Get back to the open-ended ones. Tell us, tweet us any open-ended Mount Rushmores you want us to do. Those are the fun ones that get, this Was a good one though. Spicy. This was a good one. Good one to get back on track. All right. Good. Show boys numbers. Hey Max, have you ever got the lottery? I've got the numbers. Lottery ball machine. I've got the Numbers. 20 17, 6 3 8 42 99 Poke 2179. Love you guys.


I dunno what fuck say I'm saying anyway. Day I coming for your love. I coming for love.


Let's say set end little weak life. it is be All I've coming for.


Russ has huge savings on looks that are a hundred percent you. So you can find all the styles that match your vibe from stylish sks to Jersey tees, the trendiest looks of the season, well have you saying it's a yes for me. Plus they've got shoes to make any fit. Pop. Be the best dressed for less with your favorite picks of the season. Head to Ross and save 20 to 60% off other retailers. Prices, items and styles vary by store.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The filet O fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.