
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners, You can find every episode on Apple podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have an awesome interview with Matt Damon and Casey Aflac. Their new movie is coming out next week on Apple tv, the Instigators. It is awesome and great interview talking to both those guys. We also, Do I would say my favorite Mount Rushmore that we've done all season. It is the Mount Rushmore of dumb things you used to think. So we have some really dumb things we used to think, and it was very open-ended and very fun.


We're gonna talk a little football being back Olympics, and of course we got Fire Fest of the Week.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings Pugilism Prize fighting the sweet science, whatever you call it. You don't wanna miss the huge night of fights coming up. Headline by Crawford verse, mad ov, get in on all the action. Now with DraftKings Sportsbook, it's super easy for first time users to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a fighter to win. Go to the DraftKings Sports book app, select your fighter, and place your first bet. It's that simple. And speaking of huge, if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. They also have all the Olympics. If you're looking to bet on the Olympics, they got every Olympic sport in the DraftKings app. So download the DraftKings Sports book app now. Use code take, that's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance, deposit and eligibility restrictions apply. See terms and responsible gaming resources@dkg.co slash mma.


Okay, let's go Down and Higher. Oh, We Down to it's Pardon My Take, presented by Barstool Sports.


Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sportswear app. Now use code take, that's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just $5 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, August 2nd and football is all the way back. PFT Hall of Fame game. We're back baby. It's so great. It's so great to see football on tv. So great to see the score bug. So great to hear the music. So great to bet the over, which I'm probably gonna lose, but I'm gonna take it anyways because it's unpatriotic to take the under on the Hall of Fame game. I'm excited. I'm super excited. We're we made it guys. Yeah, It the, the minute the calendar turns to August, it's just like, okay, this is, this is now a football month. The, we are now in football months like the, we've made it. I Do I don't wanna wish away the summer, but the summer. Bye-Bye, Hank. Back to work.


It's football season. We're the game is about to kick off, so I will Oh, there's a face. So I will wait. We got a couple more weeks. We, we don't have a couple more weeks then it gets real. We have Grit week. We have Grit Week and then football. PFDI will let you know the moment that I think the Bears are all the way back. So, well they're, while we're, while we're recording, I know that they're back. In fact, I'm, I'm surprised that we haven't talked about this yet. But they're back because they have an athlete at the Olympics. True, They do. Watching Simone Biles. Yes. I don't see any Packers players in attendance watching Simone Biles. No. Jonathan Owens just hanging out watching, watching Simone Biles there for life. You're right. Oh, Caleb Williams actually wearing a full jersey.


I like that. Just seeing that. But yeah, Tyson Bet's gonna play Haling like 18. Well, he had to do 18 'cause Keenan Allen. What? You got a problem With that? Wait, but that wasn't, it's Kyle Orton that wasn his number in college, right? No, that was not his number because Keenan Allen, he's, he did the right thing. There was a report today that Caleb Williams told people to clean up his lockers. And a Monte tumor who cares? Was like, that's, that's not his job. I thought it was being a leader. This is, we're already, we're we're already in tear down the K Williams territory. That's fine. I'm gonna enjoy the Hall of Fame game. I'm gonna enjoy Tyson bein. There's some, you know, all time bears going into the Hall of Fame this weekend. It's gonna be great. So it's, it's, it's the Hall of Fame game means absolutely nothing.


They've completely bastardized it where you don't even get the first stringers playing for a second. But I'm not gonna let anyone yuck my yum today The Hall of Fame game. It is technically football. Yes. That should be the slogan of it. And we've made it. Listen, we, we did a great job pretending to get excited about the Olympics this summer. We got into the Copa euros, which was an incredible just waste of time for us to fast forward through the months of June and July. But the whole reason that those sports exist is so that we can get back to the Hall of Fame game. And we're there now and I'm so thankful. I'm, I'm curious to see. I don't, I'm not in front of a TV right now. I'm in Columbus, Ohio. Shout out Pac shout out. Scully's Scully's Music Diner. Pup Punks playing tonight.


Friday should be a great time. But I don't have a TV in front of me. Are any of the players choosing to wear the guardian caps, the the giant things on their helmet? We, that Roger Gadell said We don't know yet. We don't know yet. 'cause they're, they're about to take the field, but yeah, they're allowed to wear the guardian cap during the regular season too. I I likened it to John O Root. It's gonna be a John o root situation where he wore the batting helmet playing first base. Looks like right now, I, I feel like no one's gonna wear the guardian cap. Right? That's just not Gonna happen. I don't think so. I think Roger Goodell was like, tell you what, in the, in the effort of player safety, I will allow you to wear a giant helmet that makes you look like a clown. Yeah. And no one's gonna do it. And then Roger Goodell could be like, oh, I gave them the option of wearing the big red clown nose on their face.


But they chose not to do it. I guess they don't care about player safety. Let's do 19 games. Yeah. The only time I could see someone wearing a guardian cap is like getting concussed in the game somehow passing the test and the doctors being like, you know what, just put this thing on, you'll be fine. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Did you know that Hank Guardian cap, they can wear it. They can wear it now. Alright, other NFL news, before we talk about the Olympics, we did a bad job on Monday. We had the take his on Wednesday. Incredible techies. Shout out to all the winners. It was a lot of fun to tape to do a little year in review. We forgot to mention that Jordan Love got paid and he made a lot of money and Tua got paid. He made a lot of money and now it feels like we're good with quarterbacks for a little bit.


Yeah, that whole class, they got paid. That's, that's the class you wanna be in if you're a quarterback in the NFL. Next up is the Brock Pretty discourse. And we're still on Dak. Yes. We're still on Dak watch Dak. So we don't know what's gonna happen with that, but yeah, Tua got paid. McDaniel's is, he apparently went to bat for him saying, Hey, we need to pay our quarterback. Great job Mike McDaniel. And yeah, I don't, it's very weird. I know that you have to pay Jordan Love, but got like eight games under his belt that he played well in and now he is one of the highest paid players in the league. So I guess we'll see how it shakes out. No, he was to look for You. He deserves every dollar that he got. Some may say, you know, paying a 3-year-old that much money who's only played eight games, kind of crazy.


But I'm not gonna judge. I, they, they got their guy and he's got at least f four or five more years left before he is in his late thirties. What were you just talking about, Hank? What were you just Misty McMichael looked like a Vibe. Yeah. Misty McMichael. So yeah, Steve McMichael obviously he's got a LS so he's not there in person, but he's in the Hall of Fame Deserves it. Mongo. But yeah, the, they're, they're bringing out the Hall of Famers right now. PFT. So that's what we're watching on our tv. Patrick Willis is getting introduced. Everyone's having, everyone's clapping it up. Kale Williams is in practice. He was in a jersey in pads for practice reps, I believe. 'cause now he's in a T-shirt. Kinda like that. Okay. So yeah, Mr. McMichael, she's got a, she's got the orange dress on.


She looks good. So for In Hall Hall of Fame news, I'm, I'm a little bit upset at the Hall of Fame in their sculptor, the guy that does the bus because they didn't make Peyton Manning's forehead nearly big enough. Yeah. I feel like, I feel like Peyton told them, Hey, lower the hairline a little bit. Take it easy on my forehead. It's not realistic. So I've got a, I've got a little bit of a problem with that. Yes, I'd agree. Alright. Only other football news is there's, we're starting with injuries which suck in training camp injuries have started to happen. Justin Herbert is out till at least week one. And Deandre Hopkins is out for four to six weeks. So I fucking hate sharing training camp injuries. They make me so mad.


There's nothing worse than getting that shifter alert when you're sitting minding your own business in the middle of August and you're like, God dammit, we didn't even get to the season. And, and Deontay foreman got airlifted on a helicopter to Roanoke for, for a head injury. But I think he's okay that that happened during kickoff drills. They were doing a kickoff drill. I practiced and I guess he took a shot to the head. But I wanna know if If, you gave Jim Harbaugh truth serum, what he thinks about his quarterback being out for weeks with a foot injury. Oh, that's a good question. I think, I feel like Jim Harbaugh has play well no, he's, he's a football guy. Through and through. I would say maybe the good news is that you'll see less highlights of Quentin Johnson dropping balls.


'cause that was all of Twitter for an entire day. Yeah. Yeah. I I he'll be okay. Justin Harbert will be fine. They're rebuilding something in, in, in, I was about to say, San Diego, LA Jim Harbaugh, he's gonna win. That's all he does. He wins everywhere he goes. He's gonna, He's gonna figure out a way to win. But I can imagine him seeing his quarterback with a foot injury and being like, you, your foot's a long way from your heart son. Yeah, just cut it off, get it fixed. He'd probably have him do the JJ McCarthy stuff. Just like take your shoes off and ground yourself every morning. It sounds like you're depressed. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So other things, Olympics. We have the Olympics going on. Team USA, Steve Kern an all time, whoops. I, I, I feel bad. And Jason Tatum's probably gonna quit.


The team started Jason Tatum against South Sudan. Do You think Huge game for Jason. Yeah. Do you think that was the overcompensation? A little bit Hank? No, It's probably just the matchups. Oh, the matchups. Yeah. Yeah, the matchups. We also had Steve Kerr shout out Steve Kerr. 'cause I I, I'm now convinced he's just doing it for us. Jason Tatum played zero minutes in the first game. Joel Embiid played zero minutes in the second game. Thank you. Steve Kerr. You're just giving us stuff to talk about in the middle of August. We do have Max who the reports were that he got arrested in Paris. He did not get arrested in Paris. Yeah. There was a, there was a P shop going around that he got arrested for eating too many crepes. Crepes C just detained.


Yeah. He was detained for eating too many crepes. They said they'd never seen a man. The CREs of Wrath. Yeah. They'd never seen a man eat so many crepes. So they had to lock him up. Did not get arrested. But he did give us a video. He's, he will be back with us in flesh for the start of Grit week, which starts on Sunday. Oh, Joe. Big, big, big head picture. I'm gonna get it right now. Now, hold on. Well, the first big head Joe Buck picture of the season. I have not seen this video from Max yet, but I'm, I'm interested to see what he says. Because Hank's been zone and Max's been zoned for the first game. Were entirely different on what they have to be right now. You guys just flip flop places. So Hank you were saying that at least Jason Tatum got minutes, whereas Loser and Bead couldn't even get in at all.


And then Max said, yeah, well I'd rather he be rested than get in and look bad. So how are you guys gonna flip flop your excuses? Let's see what Max has to say. Okay. Yeah. Let's see what Max has to say. Yeah, we All right. Let's talk team USA. Let's talk Joelle Embiid. I'm sure all the people that are listening to this right now have just heard Big, Cat and PFT and Hank just spew a bunch of bullshit, a bunch of propaganda anti Joelle Embiid propaganda that wants the listener to think that Joel MB didn't play today or yesterday or whatever day this would be because he is not a good player.


That's not the case. It's team USA. They got the best players in the world. They have the ability to give guys rest as far as matchups goes, South Sudan not the best matchup for Joelle Embiid. They're a small team. They like to go run and gun. Joelle Embiid is a bigger player. He's not as fast as some of the other guys. So they're giving him an off day. He's gonna be in the starting lineup against Puerto Rico. He's still the top three player on this team. Steve Curtis said that himself. Sometimes there's matchup things and guys who don't know Ball are going to try and criticize Joelle Embiid for being a different matchup for this South Sudan team. But that's all part, that's all part of the game plan. Some people don't know game plan. And I know that the hosts of this show are going to be slandering a man for no reason.


Just because they don't know ball. Oh, sometimes about game plan, he's gonna drop 30 against Puerto Rico. Oh, memes. So, so back us up memes. We, we've, for the last two episodes, we've had Max send you videos without us seeing it. So we would see it for the first time as the same time as aws. Is that a fact? That's a fact. Okay. So me thinks the lady doth per protest too much because Max just went in an entire rant about us slandering Joel beat. And we didn't say one bad thing. Nope. We didn't even address. We, we basically just said, oh yeah, he didn't play any minutes. And then he just went into this whole thing about they are gonna say he's a bad player and that he's slow and he's fat. And it's a, it's all matchup. We didn't say anything.


PFTI Didn't even think about Joel MBI being fat, but Max makes a pretty good point that we should probably talk about that Outta shape. Hey, I actually agree with him for once. Like the matchup thing is a valid point. My only takeaway from that was just Joel MBI is slow. Yeah. Joel m beat is slow and speed is actually important. And when you're playing sports. Yeah. And listen, South Sudan players are faster than NBA players. Yes. Was was the takeaway there? I think Steve Kirch is being a good coach. He knows that Joel Embiid can't match up against South Sudan. Well, yeah. And so they're, they're a dynamic group of Playmakers over there. So, you know, maybe we'll get 'em back in against Puerto Rico. I don't know how those matchups look Though. Yeah, we'll have to, we'll have to dive into the matchups.


Hopefully they have a big fat guy that Joel MBI can, can play against. I'm gonna wait for ai Al Michaels tell me what to think. I've been watching his recaps in the morning. It is very creepy. It's so weird. It's so weird. We also had the, the women's, our Olympic, or sorry, our gymnastics team dominated again. Simone Biles is the goat. She's incredible. I think KD even said that she thinks, he thinks that Simone Biles could take an AlleyOOP, like she could dunk on a, on a 10 foot rim. But yeah, she like, we just dominate that and I think we're back. We're back in a good spot in the medal count. Yeah, we're good. We're, we're dominating the silvers. We are the absolute kings of silver right now.


Yeah. So I don't know if we're dominating the golds, but yeah, the gymnastics team awesome. The men's gymnastics, they got a, a bronze and they were really happy about that. So I'm happy for the guy that looks like Robbie Fox. Yeah. Good for him. Got engaged and won a bronze. Yeah. No, the China still is leading us in gold. We gotta, we gotta get I that also, we haven't gotten to the track and field yet. I feel like every day I wake up China is dominating. Like Air Pistols and what else have they been dominating? I don't even know. I think it's disgusting that the United States can't win. Its shooting. Yeah. That's our sport. It it should be, it should be something we excel at. Did you also see whoa. First New kickoff.


First new kickoff going right now PFT. It's crazy. What have they done to our game? Sam Schwartzstein has ruined football for all of us. I actually think this will be a good rule. Once we, once we, once we get used to it, there's probably gonna be more kickoffs return and it's gonna be more exciting. So I'm excited for it. Yeah. When the XFL did it, they used to have the flags that the refs would raise. Right. And I don't like introducing like a new prop for the refs to be using, but they got rid of those. So I think the kickoff's gonna be good just so that we can watch dumb coaches screw It up. And the bears just covered the kickoff perfectly. So one and oh on kickoffs for the bears, we looked awesome. Got 'em down at the 26, which I think If you kick it outta the landing zone.


Where does it go? Goes somewhere 35. We should probably brush up on these. I think it's the 30. Yeah, I think it's the 30. I think they changed it to 30. But yeah, when we do our, who's team is this guy on now update. We should also do a rules update. Let's Just remind everyone it's still preseason for us. So I use the preseason to get myself warmed up for the season. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna let myself be belittled by any new rules or any new people. I'm the preseason is is there for a reason. We all need our reps. We're getting some right now. Feels good. Alright. It feels great. So the only, so Katie Ledecky won a bunch. Our gymnastics team won everything.


And then did you guys see the craziest? There was, I think it was the ping pong final. It was older brother versus younger brother, which was nuts. That that's wild. Yeah. How, what do you mean? They were on the same, they were in the same country. Like there's multiple participants. All right. I gotta find, I gotta fact check this talk. Talk amongst yourself. Why fact check this? So you're saying that there's a bracket basically and you get multiple entries. There's way Olympics Or is this like Yes. What was it? 30 for 30. Okay. With the two basketball players. This is The two Escobar? No, no, no. Eastern European. Ele Alexis and Felix. LeBron Francis, Olympic brothers.


So they played, it might not have been for the gold medal match, but they played and I saw the younger brother lost Brutal. He was crying as the older brother was celebrating. That's one where you gotta root for the younger brother. Right. Because It's like the har the Harbaugh Super Bowl. Yeah. The older brother stood up on the table and like cheered and was going nuts. And the younger brother was just crying into his shirt. But I thought that was pretty cool. The brothers were playing. I I feel like if they should have played it in their mom's basement, that's the only, that was my only critique. If, if the younger brother wins, then that is, that's devastating for the older brother. At least this way it's the older brother keeps up. 'cause I'm, I'm sure that when there were kids, the older brother would win every single time they played.


Right. Although is ping pong one of those sports that like age matters? Probably not, right? I don't think so. Yeah. Table tennis. Yeah. Oh, There's a lot of running Table tennis. That's what we gotta call it. Table tennis. I'm not calling it table tennis. Okay. Any other Olympic story? Scotty Scheffler had a weird quote where he was just like, we're all, no one's gonna remember us anyway, when they were asking about his Olympic legacy. He just said that's, he said no one's gonna remember us anyway. Scott. When it becomes a golf in the Olympics. Yeah. Yeah. Do we do Name one golf Olympic moment ever. Xander wearing white sneakers there. There's a moment.


Yeah. Electric. Who could forget. Yeah. Yeah. Do we wanna talk about boxers and what gender they were assigned at birth? I don't really care to, but we can If. you want to, I Just wanna make you uncomfortable. This is why, this is why the, it sounds like you Want talk about it. Go off. No, I just Knew that. I just knew that you didn't. I Well do you, it's why The original? Well Do you, you should. It's why the original I I'm trying to, the what's take why the original, what I got takes, I'm trying, this is one of those situ where I feel like I shouldn't say Them publicly. 'cause I don't know enough Anything Yeah. Needs. No, I'm just saying this is why the original Olympics had them, everyone competing completely nude back in ancient Greece. That's, that's when sports were sports. But what's your take? My take is that I don't know shit about what's going on right now, so I'm just gonna sit back and not pretend to care about women's boxing at the Olympics.


Yeah, I agree. I don't, I I asked for someone to explain to me like a five-year-old and I had like 400 replies in the first two minutes and every single reply was different facts. And I was like, well this isn't gonna work. I'm out. I'm out on this entire discourse For my limited reading. It comes down to a big beef between the IOC and then the IBF, which is a boxing governing body that has actual beef with the people on the IOC. It's like a personal dispute as to who ruled her to be having like too many, either it was chromosomes or testosterone to compete. That was the IBF that said that. But they won't say what the test was. Now the IOC says they're full of shit.


It's just we're we stumbled onto a turf war between two sports governing bodies. Yeah. IIII like to keep sports fun. And when I saw this pop up I was like, well this doesn't seem fun at all. And I'm out. I'm gonna watch the Olympics to watch sports that I never watch and kind of care about the US winning. And if they don't win, I will say the Olympics are dumb. That's how I consume the Olympics. Nothing I wanna hear Hank's take Oh, Go ahead. Hank. Do do you actually wanna hear my take that I Sure. No, I know. I, I agree with the sports fund. This is obviously a sensitive subject for a lot of people. I, from my limited reading, she was born a female and identify as a female.


Just 'cause she has some extra testosterone doesn't mean she shouldn't be fighting other females. And she's like nine and six or whatever. Her professional workers' that good Lost. Yeah. Yeah. There was actually, there, there Was like, there's the, when the stories happened in sports, like I think it's like swimming or track and field with people that were born male. Correct. And transitioned, which I don't think way different. And that's when this story came across. It read like that where it was like someone that was a man transitioned and now fighting in women's boxing. But it's like that's not really the case. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Which I think we can all agree that if there's a man that is competing, punching women in the face, that's bad. That's very bad. But it's, but it, and also Algeria doesn't seem like the most friendly country towards gender reassignment surgery.


So it's probably a case where she was born as a female, always identified as a female. And then there was a ruling by the IBF that she had something extra that we don't know what it was. The, the best, the best thing that came out of this though was this, this Twitter exchange. I'll read to you guys. This woman Amy Broadhurst wrote, have a lot of people texting me over Iman Kiff. Personally, I don't think she has done anything to cheat. I think it's the way she was born. And that's out of her control. The fact that she has been beaten, beaten by nine females before says it all. Then someone named Ben Hyde replied, what would your reaction have Ben If?


you were supposed to fight Kili. Amy, I have great respect for your boxing legacy, but you've missed the mark here. Agreed. The way you're born is outta your control, but it's a clear advantage and shouldn't be allowed. And then someone replied, Amy Broadhurst did fight in Mount Kili in the 2022 World Championship final. She won. Yeah. So like the people just spouting off left and right about shit they don't know about this guy tried to correct someone who actually fought this woman and then was like, what, what are we doing here? So yeah, the whole thing is, yeah. It's, it's, it's been quite, quite the day on, on online watching the discourse fly back and forth. It's disgrace the ancient Greeks who embraced very strict traditional gender and sexuality rules.


Correct. As we all know. Correct. Oh, I had one la last Scotty Scheffer thing for you guys. He was asked in a interview at the Olympics, do you ever go and just look at all your trophies? Would it give you a big head? And he wrote, he responded. Yeah. Probably would. I don't think I've ever done that. I think one time this year I took, I took like a trophy. I took my green jacket in the plaid jacket and I think I held like the player's trophy in one hand. And I had another trophy in the other hand and walked in the living room and said, sup me to his wife. That's, that's the extent of Scotty Scheffler getting a big head just wearing his, I like all the things he's won and just saying what's up to his wife In the privacy home?


He's probably trying to Fuck his own home. Yeah. And probably trying to fuck. Which like, yeah. Good for you dude. You you put on the green jacket and be like, what's up? You feeling it? The green wear the green jacket and only the green jacket. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Anything else. Mike touts out for the year. Good job. PFT You're Drafting. I'm aware. I'm aware. Dingers only. Well that means, that means I get a sub for Mike Trout. Yes. That does 'cause the, the ir slash pedophilia list. Yes. So I will be making my choice, I believe tomorrow about that. Okay. So you have the strategy of drafting half your team already injured is you're not in last, which I Did unintentionally because Mike Trout had just gotten hurt when I drafted him. Yeah. He's been hurt for a while. Yeah.


Mike Trout. I forgot about, I'll be honest. But there was another guy that was hurt that I drafted had Just got hurt. I, yeah. I think John Carlo maybe. Yeah. Alright. The Bears just gave up an opening drive. That's not good. They, they suck season's over Anything else for Olympics. Huey, did you have any Olympic stories? No. Basketball is pretty quiet. Our three on three team sucks. Yeah. Oh God. They're the worst. They're Owen three should get Chase Budinger in there. Yeah. Who's a really good volleyball player? Really good volleyball Player. We got Jimmer playing. Jimmer was hurt today. We lost Lithuania we're oh three. We would've beaten with Jimmer. Yeah. But we also, maybe not because we lost the first two games with Jimmer, so we just suck.


Yeah. But Jimmer matches up well against Lithuania. Yeah. We just suck. Okay, let's get to our Mount Rushmore. Very fun Mount Rushmore. I actually dubbed it in the ad coming up my favorite Mount Rushmore we've done this season 'cause it was very open-ended. So let's kick to the Mount Rushmore before we get to our Mount Rushmore


Pardon. My Take is brought to you by our friends. A Gametime, the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. Did you know you can get tickets to Cubs Cardinals this weekend for $40? That's right. With Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports, you shouldn't have to worry when you buy tickets to your next big event. Gametime is a fast and easy way to buy tickets to all the music, comedy, and theater events near you. They have flash deals for sudden discount zone deals for when you're feeling flexible. And their lowest price guarantee means that If, you can find the same seats for less anywhere else. Gametime will credit you 110% of the difference. Gametime is the best place for last minute seats with up to 60% off your favorite events. What are you waiting for? I'm gonna buy those Cubs Cardinals tickets for 40 bucks right now. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms apply. Download the Gametime app today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed with the Gametime app.


We're also brought to you by ourselves. PardonMyTake my cheese steak. Listen, football's about to be back. It is football season. It is PardonMyTake. My cheese steak season preseason is here. Ordering PardonMyTake my cheese steak for your game day meal. Our late night eats is the best place play call you can make PardonMyTake My cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks and loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep. Take your pick of our delicious cheese steaks made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions. On a toasted Hoge roll, we have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken cheese steak, Chipotle chicken cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks and chicken bacon, ranch cheese steaks.


You can order the big cap combo and get your cheese steaks of choice, fries and a drink for dessert. Try our new donut tippers. Delicious donut holes tossed in cinnamon sugar served with a rich caramel sauce. Find a PardonMyTake, my cheesesteak near you. And order yours now at PardonMyTake my cheesesteak.com. Use code PMC 20 for 20% off your order with PardonMyTake. My cheesesteak. Okay. Here's our Mount Rushmore. Okay. Last Mount Rushmore. Before we head out for grit. Week max. You were up first. Yep. And we're doing a very open-ended one. Should be a fun one. Dumb things we used to think so.


Let's not put it on you. You it doesn't have to be as a kid. It can just be, 'cause like Hank probably has one from like last week. He didn't know humans were animals. Dumb things. You used to think meatballs. Meatballs. Meatballs. Meatballs are the only food. Okay. I was, I was thinking of this more as a kid. I, I have mostly as a kid, but I'm just saying If, you have something that is like, oh, I, I thought this when I was 20. I don't think we should take it away. Yeah. I, I have almost all kid stuff. Yeah. No. Oh, Hank Just says See Hank's face and something just popped into his head. No, I wanna hear I seriously, two weeks ago. I wanna hear the stuff that Hank just recently found out. Yeah. That wasn't true. Hank, you do, you can do your own.


The guy. Wait. Hank, put in, put a star next to that one. And when you say it, let us know that it was the one that literally just popped in your head. Okay. Love that. Okay, love that. Okay, so I was thinking as a kid, so the first thing is the easiest one that everyone thought of is that Santa Claus was real. Okay. Spoiler. If you're riding in the car of your child. Spoil. Yeah. Spoiler, spoiler, Spoiler. I'm sorry that they're crying. Do You guys remember what grade you were in when you came Out? Spoiler Max. Yes. I max grin specifically the moment. Oh no, because I was the youngest. Were you eating Meatballs? I had two older brothers. I had a big plate of meatballs. I had two older brothers and like, I had an like a, like an uncle that had white hair and kind of looked like Santa Claus. So we, we would like look out our window some years and see and like see him go around the, like in the backyard to like sneak in and put the presents under the, under the tree.


So we would always like try and catch Santa Claus. And then one year I turned to my brother who I shared a room with who's like five years older than me. And I was like, I was like, Hey, do you think we're gonna see Santa Tonight? And he was like, dude, Santa's uncle Charlie. You didn't know that. And it was like the worst moment of my entire life. Oh, Meatballs. You Were like, who was that throwing snowballs at all those years? We were actually throwing meatballs at Yeah, Those are ice ice meatballs. Max's Max's biography is just Yeah, yeah, yeah. His life's meatballs. All good. Pick. I'm so excited for whatever Hank's got in his brain right now. Me too. Alright, so I'm up. Yep. Okay. I will go with that. If, you dug deep enough you could reach China. Yep. Had it on the List.


I honestly thought that I could every kid and I I was probably is is that wrong? It's, yeah. It's Very wrong Because you can't reach like you would melt before you reach the center of the earth. Also, we have not even come close to digging to the center of the earth. Yeah. So I, I looked this up a couple months ago. It's actually embarrassing. Yeah. How shallow, the deepest hole ever dug is. It's like seven and a half miles. It's, it's ridiculous. Yeah. We need to, it's Jurassic Park. Let's do that. Let's rebuild Titanic. Do Titanic two. And then let's figure out a fucking way to dig more than just seven miles in the across the earth. Yeah. What if it's a fruity center? We, we don't know. What if we're A big gusher? What if we're filled with cheese? Would be cool. Yeah.


Would be cool. Okay. Good one. These, these are all very good. I had that as well. And this one I feel like is very relatable that everyone probably had, I don't know if it's specific to a sport, but I was, I thought I was gonna the NBA. Yeah. Yeah. That was, That was, I mean, I, I was, I I thought that if I just, you know, was in my driveway shooting hoops, someone would come by and be like, damn that kid. Yeah. Sign him up. I was like that with baseball too. Yeah. That was, that was my career. I was gonna be a baseball player Or Yeah. I was like, I'll be a baseball player. If not, I'll just do Basketball. I had a really depressing conversation with Titus the other day because it dawned on me that like all of us sitting in this room Max maybe 'cause he played college ball.


No. Yeah. Mine was much later. Yeah. Later. Like my, my realization, I wasn't going to the NBA was like, like maybe 10 years old. Like when you look around, you're like, oh, I'm the fifth best player on my team. And there's how many teams? I asked Titus that and he's like, yeah, actually I really struggled with that because I thought I was gonna the NBA till I was like a senior in high school. Yeah. And like that's, I was like, damn, that actually probably really, really sucks. And There's probably a piece of him that going into college was like, well maybe yeah. Maybe if I work hard Enough. Yeah. But like Me, Mike Conley Greg, yeah. We're all gonna be in the NBA together. He said he was six four when he was in eighth grade and he never grew again. So it's like, it kind of fucked him. But I, yeah, like normal kids, I think they all have the same thing where, you know, they're 8, 9, 10.


They're like, damn, I'm doing it. I'm gonna go to the league. And then you have that moment where you're like, no, no, I'm not. Yeah. That hurts. It hurts a lot. But I thought that for a while. That is all we did. We all did. I will go, this was, this was the recent one. This is A recent one. All right. Kissing equals sex. Oh, okay. So you just found that out? No, That's not the recent one. But that I thought for a long time. That's a Really good one. That's how you thought babies were made. That's a great one. Yeah. Yep. That's a great one. Like whether you say sex or go, they're kissing. That's, I was like, oh, They're naked kissing. That being says, That's because you would watch a movie and they would Whatever. Yes. Yes. They French kissed. That's A good one. And then I will go with If. you fell through a cloud, you'd come out soaking wet.


Mm. That's not true. N no. Are you sure? I, yeah. I don't, I don't know. I feel like that that picture didn't count. Like what If it's raining? I feel like, is that not True? Like I, I always thought that If you fell through a cloud. Same Then all the water would just fall. Same. That's how it works. Oh, you thought that you would pierce the cloud and then the cloud would break like, Like a water balloon. Okay. Yeah. Like you're basically falling through a water balloon that's, that's dumb would pop. Yeah. But I think that, I still think that's true. No. 'cause If, you fly through clouds. The plane doesn't come out wet. Are you sure? Yeah. Sometimes, right? Yeah. Some only if you're underneath, Well, If, you run If, you run through fog. Like really dense fog.


You get moist. Right. My, I was thinking, I was like, my thing was the water. I just thought of another one that If, You went skydiving and fell and fell through a cloud that it would just pop The entire cloud would Explode and then water would just fall everywhere. Yeah. I just literally just triggered that. Okay. Yeah. So I'll go with this next pick. 'cause I, your, your thought, can I Specify that If, you fell through a cloud that it would pop. Yep. Because that Yeah, yeah. That make make more sense. Yeah. Yeah. Because I, I had to double check 'cause I, I guess maybe I still thought a small part of me thought this was real till right this second. But if you're an elevator and it falls and you jump at the end, you survive, You're gonna be safe.


Yeah. That's not, that's that's true. No, it's, I Just looked it up. It's not true. It's not true. That's what I'm saying. I thought that as a kid. I haven't thought about it for a long time, but I was like, I gotta double check because wait, is it true? It's not true. It's not true. You would die. Yeah. RIP Greatgrandfather. So that's my pick. I Well, He was underneath Elephant. Yeah. Yeah. It fell head. He shouldnt have been there. Yeah. You gotta ask was provocation, What was he doing? What was he doing at the bottom of that Elevator? What the fuck was he doing under that elevator? Yeah. It Is one place you don't wanna be. I definitely thought that maybe a little bit of thought that till now just kinda like, I still think you're wrong about the cloud thing, but this is good. We're learning, we're learning today. So that's my next pick. Okay.


This is tough. There's a lot of good ones on the board right now. I used to be very Oh, We're all, yeah. Very, very Dumb. These are Very personal. Yeah, they're very personal. Yeah. Okay. I used to think that when you'd watch a rerun of a show on TV, that it was an all new taping of the exact same script. Ooh, That's good. So I thought that very dumb. I thought that like, I'd be watching Saved by the Bell and then my friend like live music. Yeah, yeah, exactly. They're doing the same song, but they're just taping it again for us. Yeah. And broadcasting Live. Very dumb. Yeah. Very dumb. Very Dumb. Very dumb. Yeah. Like The September, 1997 Fresh Prince is Yeah. Is the best one. Very Dumb, but very good. Okay. What's your favorite version of the September, 1997?


Fresh Prince? Yeah. Okay. Max If. you eat a watermelon seed, it'll grow in your stomach. Yeah. Yeah. That one again, that's definitely in the list of, I don't know, I'm not a hundred percent sure on that one. Yep. And I, I, I like, remember this as a kid one time searching for this, that there was a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. Yep. Yeah. So you'll looking for it. Yeah. Actually, you ask your parents to drive towards the end of the rainbow. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. That's good. Okay. PFT back to you. I'm gonna say, I used to think that they sold marijuana and cocaine at drug stores.


Mm. So we'd be driving past a drug store. Store. You're Never a drug guy. No. I, we'd be driving past the store and I'd be like, dad, why, why do they sell drugs at that store? Shouldn't they be arrested? And I'd be like, no. It's a, it's a different kind of drug store. Yeah. It's legal drugs. Yeah. Create 'em. It's a drugs that Yeah. That will be illegal soon. That's what they sell there. Yeah. Okay. Good pick. I have one that's a little bit older than just kid. It's more teenage. But again, I think it's relatable. I think everyone had this moment in their life. I used to think that my parents had no idea when I was higher drunk. And they always knew. Always fucking knew. Like, you, you remember just coming home and being like, I I played that off perfectly.


Yeah. No chances. You played off perfectly. 'cause like being older and see and being sober around drunk people, you always know when someone's drunk. Yeah. I, I thought that my mom had no idea that I threw up three times in my room one night and she came in the next day and she was talking about how it smelled like cologne. Yeah. And I was like, I re Yep. She bought it. She think like, she thinks it's the cologne Wreaking like weed. Yeah. And being like, damn, I'm suave. They had no idea. Get some old spice on this thing. Good. Hang. I'm sure you had it. Or did you, do you still think your parents didn't know? Oh No, they knew it was, It was Because, I mean, credit, like, I don't know how you, how it was like my parents were at least as long as I was home safe, they weren't gonna like, be like, you're drunk.


Yeah. So in my head I was like, I'm good. You know, I just got in trouble so many times that it got to a point where as long as I wasn't super fucked up Yeah. I'd be like, I got away. Yeah. I'm not talking about obviously su there's been super fucked up time. I'm talking about like that middle zone where it's like you're fucked up and you think that you're pulling it off. Yeah. You're never, What you learn is that your parents just don't want to deal with it. Yeah. They just want you to get home safely. Yeah. That's it. Okay. You're home. I don't wanna make a thing. Yeah. It was as long as I never got caught in the act. Right. I got caught like throwing up a couple times and that was always a big problem. I would always try and make an excuse and say it was somebody else. One time me always see someone else, I threw up in my room and I like took a shower at like four o'clock in the morning and my dad came up and was like, why is there puke in your room? And I was like, it, it wasn't me.


Yeah. Someone else's was Literally the only person there. Someone else's Beer. Yeah. One time my parents found a, a empty case of natural light in my room and I just stared at it and I tried to think of a lie and after about like five seconds, I just looked at him was like, I got, I got nothing. Yeah. I, yeah, you just, I just blame it on a friend and they'd be like, why are you carrying these beers? Oh, it's someone else's, what what? That makes sense. And then you think in your head, like, I, I fucking, wow. What a what a what? I'm like, what's the guy's name? And catch me If. you can Frank Avigail. Frank Dale. I'm Frank Vega. That's what Michael Irvin did with the cops. He was like, this isn't, it's not my pipe. I'm, I'm holding it for a friend who recently asked me to help him quit smoking.


Yes. So I took it from him. Yeah. Yeah. And then I put it under my seat. I got caught with a fan in the kitchen one time because I was smoking weed and I like coughed. And I was like, I think if I fan out the air where I just coughed out the window, it'll be, it'll be fine. And then my parents were like wiser a fan in the kitchen. And then I just was so high. I just looked at them. I was like, The wor the worst one I got was, I got caught with the, I don't know, If. you guys used to do this back in the day. The paper towel roll Spoof. The whole Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. No, no, no, no, no. I'm not even talking about you. Are you talking about like the the dryer? The dryer sheets? Yeah. I'm talking about making a bowl outta the paper towel bowl. I would, I would do the top little tinfoil, punch the holes into the tinfoil, and then you put your hand over it, you smoke it and then you let your hand off.


They just found a, a huge paper towel roll with a hole on top with, with tinfoil. And you're like, what? Did that have any idea? It's like, no, it's a science projects or some Shit. I was an Apple guy. You're An Apple guy. Apple guy. We, we used to go to the store. I was a Can You can soda can Yeah. Like crunch it up. Yeah. We used to go to, the store Was big. We would buy like a, a 20 ounce plastic bottle, some big ballpoint pens, and then a Nestle Crunch bar because it had tinfoil on it. Yeah. And so we were like, MacGyver. Yeah. Like you just, you put me in a store and I'll figure out how to make a bong. And it Was Pop-Tarts. Someone told me that bible, bible paper You could smoke though at that one. That's, That's crazy. That's crazy.


We Should make a gravity bong. No, that's the worst feeling in the world. No Old school we should make Oh yeah. After a gravity bong hit, like After you hit, there's no worse feeling than being so high after a Gravity bong. And there's nothing you can do about it. No. You're, you're, it's panic. It's panic. We could turn the bed of my El Camino into a giant gravity Bond. I'm down. I'd Be sick. Huge. A, a bathtub gravity bond was, that's what was, when I got caught with the fan I was doing, I was gravity bond. Here's what you do. We fill up the El Camino with water, like one of those Philly dumpsters that they hang out in. And then we get like a giant recycling bin and we put a hole in the top of it. I love it. I love it. Press it down. Biggest hits ever. I love It. I used, we used to like hide obviously like vodka and water bottles. And that's how we could kinda like, you know, bring it in, in and out, in and outta the house.


And one time my mom replaced the booze with like, laundry detergent or like bubble something like dish soap, like clear dish soap. And I drank the whole thing and like, I legit burped a bubble and was like, I think Oh, she got you. Yeah, she got me bad. Yeah. And then the other worst one, this was, this was, this was by far the worst of like, I thought I got away with it. I would have the, you know, the, the spoof with the dryer sheets in it in my bathroom that didn't have windows. And I did this one time because I thought it would work, turn the shower, shower on all the way in hot towel on the door. Yep. And then there was a, a ventilator. So I was like, all the smoke's going up there. I'll smoke like a little, a little bowl before blow in the thing.


And then I'll be in the shower for like 20 minutes. So by the time I'm out the, the, you know, condensation has washed it out, that vent went straight to my basement. So I walked out into like my dining room. My parents were just like, what were you doing? I was like, oh, what's up guys? They're like, it, you know, that vent goes to the basement. I was like, oh, That's so good. That was a great little tangent right There. That was, that was Nice. That's, I I thought this would be a fun open one. Nice. I think it's, I think an aw WL sent me this one. So shout out that guy. The, the Mount Rushmore topic. I can't remember. I'm pretty sure. So I, I apologize that person shout out. You, you know who you are. All right. So you have two picks.


Alright, I'll go with girls. Pee from their butt. Yep. Okay. And this was the recent one that blind drive signs meant that a blind person lived there. Mm. Yeah. I I learned that in my twenties. Wait, but it says like blind, Blind drive. What about blind? Oh yeah. That's not, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I'm thinking blind pedestrian. Blind pedestrian crossing means that there is a blind person, but blind drive means that you just can't see the driveway. Can't see The driveway. Yeah. I always thought that meant that a blind person lives There and they, they drive there. Alright, I have one more. This one's very dumb and it, it comes from something you're told as a kid. Then I just assumed, I thought my balls, my testicles were Play-Doh.


So when my parents told me don't eat, Play-Doh, I thought they were trying to be like, Hey don't eat, Play-Doh. 'cause your balls will just get bigger 'cause it will just go right to your balls. They're not, I thought my balls were Play-Doh. That would Rock. You just don't know what they are When you're a little kid and you start like that first time when way before puberty and you like start touching 'em, you're like, this is weird. I'm like, oh, it must be Play-Doh. Yeah. That's why they tell me not to eat. Play-Doh. That's a good one. Yeah, that's a good one. Is this my last pick? Yeah. Okay. Last pick. I will go. I, I honestly used to think that every adult was smart. Yeah. I thought If you were grown up. Yeah. You knew what was going on. Yeah. They kind of lied to you. Like You understood it.


Yeah. And then you grow up and you're like, we're all dumb. No, we're all really fucking dumb. Yeah. Yeah. You don't know what you don't know. I was probably smarter when I was a kid than I am now. I was definitely more intellectually curious. Yeah. I was definitely asked better questions. Yep. And like had a, had a more a mind that was like trying to figure things out instead of just being like, oh that's what it is. Yeah. But if an adult said something, it's like, yeah, no they're right. They're an adult. Yeah. Because most of those grownup told me either are bullshit. Like they'll, they'll, they'll answer something just 'cause they don't want to be wrong with little kid or they just say it is what it is. Or, yeah. Or they're very confident and not smart at all. Yeah. Those are the ones that you wanna watch out for.


I need a new, I need a new fact because like my kids always say when I, when I tell them plans, I try to tell them the plan so they know what's coming and then they'll be like, we know that already. So then I was like, well how about this? Did you know the peregrine falcons the fastest animal? And that blew their mind. But I don't have a second one. Another fun like an animal fact or anything. A fun fact in general. I think That's the extent of my knowledge. You can always go. I don't have anything that I'm confident About. Did you know that Detroit's further east than Atlanta? Yeah. Okay. That one's good. Yeah. Human head weeds eight pounds. Yeah. McGuire going too. Okay. Alright. Max, your last one. Teachers lived At school. Yeah. Good pick. Great one. Also Big Cat. You could go with. Did you know that Clay Thompson's last game with Warriors? He went over for 10.


Yeah. True. Yeah. But that's a good pick Max. I had that on my list too. Yeah, I thought about that One. Yeah. Also, nothing worse than when you, the once a year you called your teacher mom. Yeah, I thought about that. Fuck I thought about sucked when I thought of teacher lived at school. I thought about that as well and I was like, I don't know how to do that. Sucked. Alright. What other ones I had? I thought, 'cause this is like when technology was, you know, before the internet and everything, I thought my game boy controlled the airplane. Yeah. That's why they told you to turn it off. So I thought like they're like, turn it off. 'cause If, you hit left here when you're playing, you know, Tetris, it's gonna go, the plane's gonna go left. Yep. I also thought a million dollars is the most amount of money you could have.


You Max out, you win like If, you get a million dollars, you're set for life Win. Yeah. Nothing else. Like, no one will ever, you're just, you retire If, you have a million dollars, boom, you're done. You retire at the age of seven. I thought that, I thought I was an elf when I was a kid. Ooh. I thought, 'cause I had pointy years. I saw myself in the mirror one time. I was like, fuck. Small. That's tough. I might be an elf. That's tough. I Used to think you actually won the money when you get a popup on your computer. Yeah. Yep. Scams. Yep. I also, I also think in that same vein, thought there was no correlation between what I was downloading on Limewire and my computers crashing. Yeah. Yep, yep, yep.


Oh, I mean, yeah. You could have, you could have a long conversation about songs that you thought were other band songs. Yeah. I thought dispatch wrote Crazy Game of Poker. Oh. I mean, every 50 cent song was just Soldier boy. Every song was soldier. Yeah. Any others Max that you had Duct tape was duck. DUCK. Like it was ducks Made outta ducks. Yeah. Oh, that's interesting. I had, It was killing a lot of ducks. That's why it's called Duct tape. Yeah. The only reason that kids had glasses was 'cause they didn't eat enough carrots. Yes. Carrots were big times. Night vision. Yeah. Thought I could get night vision if I had enough pe Carrot also off of Vision. If, you sit If you sit too close to the tv, you'll, you'll go blind.


Oh, the other one, the, if If you, if someone slaps you in the, in the back when you're making a face, you're stuck with that face for the rest of your life. That was a big one. I Thought. If, you take a shower during a lightning storm, you'll get electrocuted. Yep. Ooh, I thought chocolate milk came from brown cows. Okay. Until I was Like, s Yep. So you're 17. That I was, I was up north driving past a brown cow and I pointed to my cousin, I said, you know, chocolate milk comes from those things. And he said, what the fuck are you talking about? I, I said, okay. I'm sorry. I, I should have known that. I should have known That. Where did you think Strawberry Milk came from? I, I knew that was artificial. Okay. Okay. But I, I, I just, you I thought the ch the brown was in the, the cow.


Yeah. You know, and it got mixed. I don't know. Okay. I, I used to think I was gonna be six feet tall, because sometimes you go to a doctor and they're like, okay, you're, you're projected to grow this tall. Yeah. Thought I would be six feet tall. I used to think OJ was innocent. Mm. I swore OJ was innocent. Yeah. Up and down. Yeah. I was, I was so happy when they found him not guilty. I, when, when video games, like first started getting good, like, so this is, when did PlayStation come out? PlayStation was like late nineties. Right. I thought that I, I would, 'cause like my, my parents would be like, you can't play video games during the week. I thought that I was pulling it off when like, my mom would walk in the room and I was playing like 2K or, or Madden.


And I was like, it's not a video game. I'm watching the Game. I'm watching sports. Yeah. Sports. I thought the graphics were so good and they were so bad looking back at it. Yeah. I was just like, yeah, I got this. She has no idea that these aren't real games. Oh man. So stupid. Just so stupid. I used to think that If, you If you found the Tootsie Pop that had the Native American shooting A star. You could take it to the gas station. They give you a new one. Mm. They give you a free Tootsie Pop. Yes. Yes. Hank what? Any more, any more recent, I mean, there's definitely some recent Hank I would like you to keep a running list though, of just things that you find out. Yeah. Just like things that, that upend small parts of your world.


There's a couple that we have on this Mount Rushmore that I'm still a little 50 50 on elevator clouds. I think If, you jumped high enough. Instagram, you might still get six feet. Yeah. Maybe. Did I say the chewing gum one? I could the I could get the surgery. Oh, what, what If you swallow. Swallow it. It stays there forever. That's one that I always thought it was seven years. That was what I was told. Seven years. Regardless. I still might think that's true. Yeah. And Hank just swallows all his gum, which is one of the most underrated, not talked about enough stories on Pardon My Take. That every time Hank chews a piece of gum, he swallows it. I would get like the, the CBS bags of gumballs. That's crazy. Eat 'em. Like they were just That's crazy. Even to this day, you swallow all your gum.


Yeah. That's Fucking It is nuts. Crazy. I, when I was in like, I don't know how old I was, but whenever you get like your first boner as a kid, I thought that meant that I had aids. Yeah. I thought it was like, oh, I'm sick. Yeah. I'm, I don't know. I'm gonna die A bad time. Yeah. Yeah. That was a crazy time. Okay. Good. Good. Mount Rushmore. That was a fun one. Some good tangents.


Before we get to our interview with Matt Damon And Casey Affleck, we're gonna talk about their new movie The Instigators. It's a hilarious Apple original film starring Matt Damon And Casey Affleck about two amateur criminals who are in way over their heads. From the director of Mr. And Mrs. Smith and the Born Identity, the Instigators centers on Rory, an ex-Marine in the need of cash. Who reluctantly teams up with an unpredictable excon named Kabi to pull a simple 15 minute job robbing the mayor of Boston. Sounds easy, right? Well, when every step of the plan goes haywire, Rory and Kabi find themselves in the midst of a statewide manhunt running from the police and the criminal underworld alike, with nowhere left to go, the payer turned to the only person they know qualified to handle a crisis. Rory's therapist played by Hong. And you want, you don't want to miss the Action Pact. Comedic thrill ride. That is the instigators rated R Stream. The new film August 9th, only on Apple tv. Plus we're gonna talk about it. The movie with them. It's gonna, it's, I watched it. We got a preview. It's a great movie. Apple TV's been crushing it, so go watch the Instigators on August 9th. Only on Apple TV plus.


Okay. We now welcome on two very special guests. It is Matt Damon And Casey Affleck. They have a new movie out called The Instigators. You can watch it on Apple tv. It is an awesome movie. We got a screener. We felt special for it. I guess my first question though is, you guys been doing a bunch of interviews today. Is this background like a, a knuckle ball that's thrown at you where you're like, these two idiots are now interviewing us? I don't know how we got this interview, but we're happy to do it. Everybody's got DraftKings behind them so far Today. Good. Every outlet. We, We, we had your, your pr one of your PR people were like, you guys have the most time with them. We don't know how that happened and we're just like, oh shit, we're Gonna change that actually.


Yeah. I was like, I guess we suck. Yeah. Didn't tell you. Yeah, because you got two minutes. Yeah. Yeah. So, so you've been doing a lot of interviews today. That's it, it's always interesting doing these 'cause you were obviously promoting the movie. What's the dumbest question that you've been asked so far? And we'll make sure not to ask that question. The, the mostly it's been the answers that are dumb. The questions have been pretty good. The, but I don't wanna put you guys on, you know, make you feel weird or anything. But the last guy that interviewed us was an Olympic fencer competing in his third Olympics this summer. And just the sweetest guy. Great questions. Really smart killer athlete. That, so now we got you. And you know, it's, But come on. You guys Got about, you guys got 40 minutes, you really wanna over here.


Listen, That's not a real sport. Let's be honest. Fencing, we're doing Fencing. I don't, I don't think you'd tell him that. Oh, I, I, I would. As long as he didn't have his little Fencing. It's not even a real sword. Yeah, right. It's got like a little electronic thing at the end. you don Done wrong. It's one, it's one of the oldest sports. It's a great sport. Didn't you see Princess Bride? You didn't like that? No. Princess Bride was great. That was real Swords. Real swords. Yeah. Yeah. When they start using real swords and fencing, I'll start watching. Yeah. They used to, apparently he was just telling us that like we, we were, he was talking about the equipment and he said too many people used to die. So that's why they, they put the thing at the end of the sword. Now that Also, that's the saying, boxing's not a real sport. 'cause they don't use real fists.


Like they got something on a cushy thing on them. You know what I mean? Yeah. Although the fe that fencing story you just said, Matt, that feels like every fencing guy says that to be like, actually we used to be really tough. Like, you don't realize like, it was so tough. People died. So I I feel like you got duped there. All right. So the movie though is awesome. And my first question about the movie is, you guys obviously have done so many things in your career. Is there something specific when you work together and with Ben, where you're like, this is just so much more fun 'cause we're, we're hanging with our friends and like the familiarity of it is just brings you back to early days. Do you have that feeling when you, when you, when you do a movie together? For sure. Yeah. Yeah. But also it's not only the familiarity, it's like the, the, the work process.


Like when you go way back with someone, you don't waste any time on like diplomacy, you know? Yeah. Which, you know, takes up a lot of your day when you're, when you're in an artistic endeavor with a whole group of people, a lot of times you're protecting everybody's feelings and you're, you know, well, you know, what's the best way I can say this? And when you're with your old friend, you're just like, dude, that sucks man. We gotta do something else. Like, you know, figure it out. Like, and, and you kind of get to the root of the problem faster. And so much of filmmaking is just problem solving. And so the quicker you can get to, alright, what's the problem? How can we fix it? The, the, the more, the more fun it is. 'cause you move faster, you're more efficient. Like there's a better kind of creative momentum.


But because, because you have that foundation, it's like, you know, the problem with the doing that with people you don't know is people's feelings get hurt or they feel like that there isn't that underlying respect or, you know, when that stuff's just a given. If you've known someone your whole life, it's just like, well, obviously I love and respect you, but like, you know, we're lighting money on fire in production right now. Like, we gotta figure this out. Yeah. Right Now, no feelings get hurt. Yeah. I like that. Yeah. It's a fair point. You got the underlying relationship and you don't have to worry about pretending to be nice or at least just being nice and, and wasting time doing that. I have a dumb question about just being on a movie set in general. Does it ever get boring? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like when you're filming a movie, because like, how much of your day is actually spent doing the work?


Very Little. Yeah. And, and It depends what you think of the work, the time. There's an, there's an old saying that says, it's it, what they call is that between action and cut does it take, right? So there's this old tongue twister saying, it's, it, it's not the take that takes the time to take the take, it's the time between the take that takes the time to take the take. It's all that time I just got hypnotized. Yeah. Action and cut. When you're like setting things up or thinking about what you wanna do next, that's, that's real good time spent sometimes, but it takes up most of the day. And If, you added up all the seconds that were spent while the camera was actually rolling. I don't know, what would it be an hour, you know what I mean? Maybe a couple more during, on a 10 hour day or something.


So most of the time it's downtime and a lot of that time is when other people are doing what they need to do. Like you do your bit and then they gotta move all the equipment and do stuff. And so you gotta wait in the same way. It's probably boring for the, for the crew sometimes when you're, you know, need on take 10 of some scene that you're doing and they've heard it a million times and they don't want to. But, so you learn to be patient, you learn to occupy yourself with other things or to like, use that time to think about what you're gonna do next. Yeah. Yeah. And I imagine having your friends around people that you've known a long time makes, makes all that time a little bit better. It makes it easier. Oh, Matches goes on Wordle. You try to like, spend the time like catching up with your buddy and that's over there doing like Tetris six hours a day.


Wait, What, what is the game you're playing, Matt? Is it Wordle? Does it take you six hours to do Wordle? It does not, it does not take me six hours to do Wordle. No. I, I usually like, if it's a slow day, if I know it's like a boring day, like entrances and exits, like sometimes I'll bring my phone and catch up on emails and do stuff. And like Ben and I are also, you know, we have this studio artist equity and we're, and so that's, that's a, it takes a lot of time, even when I'm not there in the office, there's a lot of stuff that needs to get done. And it's Angry Birds No Mattress. So thi this movie is great, but when you guys were creating this and coming up with the idea, were you like, Hey, we know we can play the hits here because people are gonna love us back in Boston, you got the heist.


You, it's, it's, you know, a comedy as well. There's gotta be a party where you're like, not playing the hits, but If, you guys, if someone said a mad lib, like Matt Damon, Casey Affleck, Ben Affleck are doing a, a heist movie in Boston. And it's funny, it's like, yeah, I'm in, I'm a hundred percent in, I'll watch that all day. Did that go through your thought process? Like, did we know this is gonna be a hit? No, I wish we'd talked to you back when we were figuring Yeah. We would have more confidence. No, we case wrote the script with Chuck McClain, who's a Boston guy, and, and, and like, there was a lot of work, once we started figuring out who was gonna be in it, there was a lot more work to do. So Case and Chuck came back to New York and we worked with the director.


We, we were like locked in a room for like three months trying to figure it out. But what we really knew we wanted to do was a movie that was fun and, and, and moved fast. Like had a momentum to it. And that was just really entertaining. That was kind of our, like midnight run is, is like the kind of north star for us for, for movies like this. It's kind of per a perfect movie because it actually has some, some kind of emotional heft at the end too. It's like, it really sneaks up on you, but it's really fun throughout the whole movie. And you're like with the characters even when they're bickering and arguing and, and so that's what we were trying to kind of like model the, the, the, the movie on. And, and that's kind of really all we were thinking.


It Never felt like a layup, right. It never felt like a, with a clear lane, you know? It was, we, we really wanted to be good and, and I actually don't think that everyone's gonna like, If, you made a stinker. People let us know. It's not like, ah, you know, that can just go anyway. Not these days. Like, you gotta make a good movie. People find out about it really quick and everyone's on social media and they go, this movie sucks. And nobody goes. So we knew that we had to, to do something good and doesn't matter who's in it. Just got lucky that we had like our director Doug Lyman, but someone great in every single part. Yeah. Like, you know, really experienced comedians and great actors and so kind of supported us.


Do you guys, when you guys are doing movies, I'll, I'll start with you Casey, like If, you are embarking on a project. How quickly can you tell like, this is a hit or this might not be, this might not turn out exactly how I want it to be. I don't do that, that well, even when the movie's done, it's hard for me to see exactly. Like I just get too close to things, right? So sometimes movie's over, I'm like, when I see the first cut of a movie, I'm like, oh man, we didn't do it. It missed. And then people really like it and then years later you watch it again and you are like, that was really good. It's pretty good. It takes me a minute and some distance to be able to see a thing that I've been in clearly. And when you're on set and when you're reading it before you get to set, it's just a shot in the dark.


I mean, you're, you're your only guide is like, mm who are the other people involved? Do, I wanna work with 'em, Do I, respect them, Do I. Like you, you know, is this gonna be something I can learn on? Is there something I think I can contribute? Whether it turns out it's to be good, it's just, there's too many factors. It's outta your control. You can put together, assemble the best people in the planet and still make something that just doesn't work. So you gotta go in focused on the process and letting go of the, the results in some way. Yeah. You talked about some of The great actors that are in this film and one of my favorites is in here, Paul Walter Hauser, great actor. Oh man. Fantastic. Right? He's So, yeah, he's amazing.


So as you're writing this movie, do you envision him in this role or when he was cast in this role, were you like, okay, this is perfect. Had you worked with him before? Just I'm, I'm enthralled with everything that he does. First thing is so Good. First thing I had seen was, first thing I'd seen was Blackbird. And it was right when, before they were casting it. And I was like, that guy's amazing. That's a, that is a great performance. Didn't know him, didn't know Anything else about him. I didn't, I I didn't know him. I mean, I'd seen him in Jewel and, and, and that's right. Yeah, that's right. And Blackbird and, but no, I mean he just, he's also one of those guys, you know, we've been doing it for a long time and like, we kind of know how the magic trick's done. And when you see somebody up close who's just a baller, you, it's just, it's just undeniable.


Like from the second he walked on set and started working, you're like, God, that guy is so freaking good. He really is one of the best actors out there. So yeah, I'm, I'm, you know, we're trying to do something else with him at Artist Equity now. A project that he wrote. Actually, I, I wanna do as much as I can with him just 'cause I think, I just think he's incredible. Can I pitch You wrestling Now? Can I pitch you two, two projects for him that I think he would knock outta the park One? Yeah. I'll tell him. One Would be, you have to Sign something First. Okay. No, you can, you can steal this. Steal my Ip. One would be him playing Andy Reed in the Andy Reed story. Oh, that's a great idea. I think it'd crush that. Wow. That's not bad.


That's not bad. And then Confederacy ds, if that, if that movie ever gets made, oh man, he needs to play Ignatius, Philip Fox, Philip Seymour Hoffman was looking at that for a really long time and got close I think a few times. I remember talking to him about it 20 years ago. I Read a few scripts of that. Yeah. And never, never quite as good as the book. But that's a good, that's a good call. Those are Two really good calls. And in fact, I good next fall af af when I get home tonight and I'll I'll tell him, let Him know. Let him, I, I wish I could buy stock in somebody winning best actor at some point. Like if there was a, a market out there, I put a lot of money on that guy. That's A good call. Yeah, that's a very good call. We should do That. We should create a stock market. Create a stock market for, For, there was something called the Hollywood Stock Exchange for a while.


I, I don't know, If, you could bet on them being winning. I think it's movies you bet on or something. Or was it H hx? No. You buy stock in actors and movies and then it goes up and down based on, I'm not sure what, but yeah, I think that's The hard, I like that. Yeah. Quantify. We'll, we'll figure out the market for that. Matt, I had a question for you. Did you not get invited to do a roast at Tom Brady's thing? No, I did. I I did. That's why I, I did the voiceover at the beginning be because I couldn't go to LA 'cause I was in New York and I had to go to the Met Bowl the next day. Oh. Oh. What happens there? That's more of a met ball kind of guy on Brady. Is that true? Are you a met gala guy over a Tom Brady guy?


Don't, don't judge him. Guys. You know, he likes fashion. Here's the key to a happy marriage. I would rather be happy than write. Okay. Yeah. So, but it is Tom Brady. It is Tom Brady. And Tom understood. I texted, I texted with him. He, he invited me to go out and then, and then it was good that I was able to, there was a, there was a nice little video package they did at the beginning. And so I went to a studio here in New York and did a voiceover for that. I wasn't invited. If you, if you're curious. Yeah. Did you, did you help Ben ride His roast? I didn't Ready to go. I wasn't invited to roast. Okay. Yeah. Did, how'd you think your brother did? I actually didn't see it. Okay, that's good. So you could just say he did well, you could just be like, great job. I'm sure he did really good. Yeah, I did. I'm pretty good at a roast though. I really, I kind of roasted Matt at his wedding that was crush me.


Crush me. He did, what did you say? Oh, He killed Me. He did like 30 straight minutes of standup. Like he was Dave Chappelle or something. That was my one shot. And I took it and he Just destroyed me in front of like my family and friends. It was incredible. Yeah, you're allowed to do that at a wedding. You're allowed to just like, you know, just be like here. All, It was also a wedding. Like we, this was 15 years ago or something, but my wife and I had already been together for 10 years and we had been married for like eight of those years. And so it was like we never, we, we had run to the courthouse when we got married and so we never got to have a wedding. So like 10 years after we met, we decided to do a big wedding. And so it was so, it was kind of a more fun affair 'cause it wasn't like, ah, is it gonna work out?


Like, we were already married for a long time and we just had had a big fun weekend with our friends and until Casey, You ruined. Yeah. That, that was smart of you, Casey. You can't what, what's the worst that can happen? They're just gonna go back to being married, which they've done for eight years before. I was very nice about Lucy. Yeah. Because she Deserve. Alright, so we're, we're taping this a couple months before it comes out. Do you guys wanna give us a prediction on the Celtics season so that way you can either look really smart or really bad? Yes. Yes. I'll give you my prediction. Well, my hope is obviously probably what all our hope is. But, but my prediction is, I mean, porta is probably coming back after game four. Did a horn just go outside? Like, shut up Max.


I was Aside. Look, I think we're the best team left. I think we're the deepest team and if we can stay injury free and if he can come back, I, I feel like we really should win this thing. And I'm, and I'm hoping that we Do I will be, I will be gutted if we don't, especially after that, you know, we're, we're taping this just at, just before game two in the Eastern Conference finals. I didn't love how close the game was at home the other night, but it was a, it was, we definitely stole one back from them. And so it feels like one of those faded years. Yeah. At the moment. But I'm, you know, it'll be, I'll be gutted if we don't win it.


Okay. And Casey will you, you got the wolves or something? It'll be funny. If, you were just like, yeah, wolves in five. No problem. I wanna ask you guys a question, but did you guys see Dynasty? Yes. Yeah, You did. Did you feel like it was fair? No. No. Not at all. All we ripped it apart. It was, it was a, it was basically Robert Kraft being like, I need more credit for everything that's happened. Which is a crazy thing to think about because if you're an owner of a sports team, you are a billionaire, you own the team, you're never gonna get as much credit as the quarterback and the coach. But all these guys, they want this credit of being like, I did more than everyone realizes.


And in in doing that he ends up kind of looking bad and he makes, like, I think they slanted it so hard against Belichick that everyone who has watched the Patriots the last 20 years was like, this is not how it happened. Like this is the best coach of all time. What are they talking about? So I think it actually hurt him. And you think that that agenda came from, from Robert Kraft? I think Robert Kraft wants to get into the Hall of Fame and I think he kind of overplayed his hand here because they don't let a lot of owners in. Like Jerry Jones just got in, I don't know, like five, six years ago. And I would Robert Kraft not get into the Hall of Fame if any other owner is in the Hall of Fame. Well, Matt, I don't know If, you know, but the Patriots have been involved in some controversies with the NFL. Oh please.


Oh God. So that might be why Those are fake controversies. He, he'll get in. But I think he was trying to basically put out like a documentary saying this is all I did. And in watching it we're just like, what is going on here? It's Hard, it's hard to do that with a documentary too, to have an audience watch it and understand exactly what the agenda is as you're watching it. Sometimes you go back and you're like, oh, well it turns out his production company was involved, yada, yada, yada. As you're watching this, when you see the interviews with Coach Belichick and he looks like he'd be, he'd rather be anywhere else than in that chair answering these questions. But he Always looks like that in an interview. True. But, but it, but that's a fair point. But I felt like it was, especially in this one and you, you understand that they shot it during the season while he was an employee of Robert Kraft, who was like telling him, Hey, go sit for this interview.


'cause I, I actually think Belichick would not have sat for any interview with anyone if it was just his own choice. Right. But he was kind of made to do it. So Yeah, it kind of, it ended up I think being like a little bit more sympathetic towards Belichick and, and that point of view than, than they wanted it to be. Yeah. 'cause Everyone just, you know, it was it to me about that, like a, one of the details was that him and Ernie figured out, like saw that Drew Bledsoe was getting nervous getting like skittish feet in the pocket. Like I never ever knew that. And that never came out. Right? Remember that year when it was going down, everyone was like, who's he gonna play this week? Like, oh my God, he's putting the kid back in. Like, 'cause Bledso was like the guy in New England, a hundred million dollar contract and all that stuff.


I never, I never realized that they actually saw something. They were like, 'cause Bledso played in that era where, I mean, he took punishment. Like, and, and how does that not get to you? The accumulation of all those hits. Like, you start thinking about that you're coming off of an injury and that, that it was actually a calculated decision. They were like, well the 22-year-old kid's cool with it. Like yeah, Let's leave him. Yeah. That I thought was really cool. I'd never, I'd never known that. What I'll say is that it's, it was so well done. It's like a hundred percent rotten tomatoes watching it. You just sit down and you watch from beginning to end. It's like one of the best sports socks. It, I think it leaves people with the impression that that is how it was. That, you know what I mean? There, I haven't talked to a lot of people that are like, I don't know, like, I think we got manipulated a little bit.


I think, you know, the, the kind of take that you have is not the take that I hear most of the time. Most, most people just go like, wow. It was interesting to learn that Belichick was like X, Y, and Z. Right. Instead of saying, I think this might have been, here's another question though, just real quick. 'cause I know you guys have know so much about this. Like, what's gonna happen to Aaron Rogers? What do you mean? He's probably gonna probably gonna get injured again. He's gonna get injured and then he is gonna run for vice president and he's gonna become vice president of the United States. You think he'll get hurt again, huh? Yeah. No, That's a, I I'm a Bears fan. So Aaron Rogers tortured my entire life, so I hate him. I've been trying to get him put in jail for a very long time. And then the, how Are you feeling about this draft choice as a Bears fan?


He be Pretty, yeah, he's gonna be incredible. He's eccentric. He's cool. Paints his fingernails. That's not a problem. Right? I don't, I don't see why that would be a problem. No, I'm just wondering If you think it'd be, it's that number one it's that it's really tough. Like do you get Peyton Manning or do you get, you know, yeah, Mitch Tru. You know What I mean? You didn't have to say Mitch. Mitch was the second pick. So that was wrong. He was the Second pick. But, but, but Mahomes was in that draft. Yes, He was. He was. That's Got hurt. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and we, you know, you guys got Drake ma So Hank, our producer's a big Patriots fan. He was actually in the documentary 'cause he went to jail for Tom Brady. He didn't like the documentary. He thought it was too slanted. So, I don't know, maybe it's Sted.


Oh wow. Alright. Yeah. He thought it was just too much hate on Bill Belichick and not giving it enough love. I did, I like Belichick's thing at the Roast where he said, you know, it's brave of you to do a roast for a couple hours. Like, rather than like in a 10 part Apple series. Yeah. Right, Right. That Was really Funny. Yeah, that was, yeah. Have you, so, so going off of that, Hank our producer, he admitted a couple weeks ago that he is like, for the first time in his life, he's like, has to come to grips with the fact that he might just be a loser this year in, in football. Have you guys had that thought where you're like, oh, this is different now we're losers again. Look, if Hank is, we grew up with Patriots. If Hank is an old school Patriots fan and he's anywhere near our age, then he's Not.


He's 30. He's all he is known is Joy. So He's got no fucking idea. Being a Patriots fan was a certain kind of hell for, and it's true. And maybe this is why we have a different perspective on the Robert Kraft thing. Until Robert Kraft bought the team. Yeah. What, like they were, it was brutal going out to Foxboro to watch them play. It was brutal watching 'em play on tv. Like, it just, was it, was it heartbreaking constantly. In fact, his dad used to always say, bet against the Patriots no matter what. Just bet against the Patriots If, you wanna make money gambling. The only sure thing to do is bet against the Patriots when we were kids. So I I I'm comfortable with knowing that they're gonna, you know, they're gonna go through that kind of predictable next state.


You gotta Rebuild, you gotta rebuild, gotta rebuild Properly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hank is young enough where he's only known Joy in his life as, as a Boston sports fan. So across the board That's Amazing to me. Like, 'cause 'cause our formative years were so different, like between the, I mean we had, we had the Celtics in the eighties, which was huge. That was all we had and that's what we had. But every other team was just a, would break your heart every year. The Patriots less so because they just were never good. They were, it was like excruciating watching 'em play. Yeah. Yeah. So, if you were to rank your, your favorite like top three Boston sports memories, what would they be? Memories. Ooh. Yeah. Small memories being there or just moments in since I guess that's really tough.


Your three favorite championships. Alright, Well, 2004. I have to start with oh four. Yeah. Without a doubt. I mean, I went to the parade. I drove Up and oh 7, 0 4, 0 7. Are you, I I drove up from, from New York. I, I, and got to Boston and we were all going to the parade. We had my nephews, we had everybody, my young, my oldest daughter. And I literally ran up to Boyleston Street before we were gonna go meet them at the po at the river to watch the duck boats go out by myself and stood on Boyleson Street and just cried. I was in my thirties as the, as the duck boats went by. Like, that's how profound that was for I didn't think we would, it's that thing that you couldn't believe. It's like the dog catching the car and then eating it in front of you.


Like, I just couldn't believe that Matt and I, in 2004, we, we went to Yankee game two stadium. It was game three was game three. Game three. It was the moment the curse got broken, they didn't lose. That was the end of losing, because then they won that game. They won the next three games, and then they swept Cincinnati and they, and we won. Finally won. Sees how bad it was. We wore Red Sox hats in the Yankee Stadium and we thought, all right, we'll see what happens. And as we walked in, they, everyone was like, oh, like it's so cute that you wore your hat. Like, they just so didn't care. Like, it was so not a rivalry to them. They were so sure they were gonna win. Ugh.


It was just awful. Casey, they're, they're gonna cook you in the comments to this video. They, they, you meant to say Cardinals. They swept the Cardinals. Yeah. Just you meant to say Cardinals. We got you back. We'll edit It out. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I've been cooked before. Good. Yeah, We, we'll edit it out. So wait, who's in in, so you those championships, but who's your Mount Rushmore? I Should have known that because it was John John Ham's team. Huh? Yeah. Who's your Mount Rushmore of Boston athletes? Oh, that's a great question. Great. Thank you. That's a great question. Thank you. I mean, obviously Tom for football. Yeah. There's zero doubt about that. Wait, no, No, no. For big poppy for baseball. So you can, so here's the thing. Big poppy, I would go big poppy. I think a lot of people would say Ted Williams. I'm gonna say In our life.


No, no. Don't be in our life. But I'm saying, you're saying Boston all time. Okay. Right. Because when you get to basketball, what do you do? Do Bill Russell. Right. 11 championships player coach. Like how do you not put Bill Russell on that Mount Rushmore? You never see that again. Right. But then you've also got Larry, you've got Paul Pierce, you've got the big three. You got I like Paul Paul. I don't think he's on Mount Rushmore. No, no, but I'm just saying red. That red Auerbach When all is said, done. So and then, and then Bobby or that would be, so I would probably go Tom, poppy Bobby or Bill Russell. Okay. That's four. Yeah. That's a strong four. So if you're If you're casting like the 28 to three Patriots.


If you're making a movie, I, I assume that you guys would be involved in the production of that. That feels like it would be right in your wheelhouse. Who plays? I would hope so. Who plays what role? Well, I cast him as Matt Ryan. Yeah. Good answer. Yeah. Who gets Tommy? No, What's that? Who Gets to play Tommy? Who plays Tom Brady? I don't know who plays Tom Brady. Who today what young actor could play Tom Brady. Yeah. Tatum. Jacob Dy. This guy's like you. He's tall. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's a good actor. He's awesome. I, I don't know, I'm not gonna cast it. Gronk plays himself that's Hang around on Set.


I don't think anybody would believe it. If you made it into a movie. Yeah, It's true. What, what's the one role that you passed up that you're, you, you kick yourself constantly. You're like, damn, I really should have taken that role. You know, it's funny. I I really have a more kind of zen philosophy about this. 'cause there's a lot of roles I've passed up that were really great that turned into great movies. But for one reason or another, I had to pass it up. And I, I, I really feel like the right actor gets the part. You know, it just kind of works out. It it, but the biggest one that I ever passed without a question, I had a chance to be an avatar and, but it conflicted with the Born ultimatum, with the post-production of The Born Ultimatum.


So I just couldn't do it. And the bummer for me was that I couldn't work with Jim Cameron. 'cause he, he doesn't work that often. And I realized in passing, I was like 35 years old, I was like, I'm probably not gonna get another chance to work with Jim Cameron. And that sucks because I really would've loved to work with him. I love his movies. I would've learned a lot and I probably would've made more money than any actor in history had I taken the part. But, but you know, I don't, I don't, I don't, it doesn't keep me up at night. I mean, I know why I had to pass. So I'm at peace with it. So. Sounds like every now and then, I don't really, huh? It sounds like every now and then you think about how much money that would've been. I think it because it's money.


Because It's, it's Like, because it's not real money. It's like, right. So it's not like, it's not like that money got taken from me, which would've bankrupted me by the way. It was, it, it is just money that I never, it's like I, I also could, Do I could invested in Apple Stock 20 years ago. You know what I mean? But I didn't. Yeah. Was it 10%? It was 10% of the, of the, of the total earnings from the film. Yeah. Yeah. Do you ever go back and look at what the total earnings are and what Are the total earnings? PFT? All I know is it made over, let's do it right now. Over two Earnings are total earning. And this is just Avatar one. Oh No, just avatar one. Right there. Were seq 3 billion, $3 billion is the total learning.


Is that So three, Is it 3 billion? 3 billion. That be I'm not good at math. What's, what's Three, what's 10? 300. 300 billion. You're good at math Casey? Yeah. Have to wait. Avatar two, 300 million. Oh no. Oh no. And Avatar two is 2.3 billion. Oh. And think about that. Matt If You had, I never even thought about that. 30 mil. I doubt he would've given me the same deal on the second one. He would've been like, dude, come on. And you Would've not, you would've had that money. And you also definitely wouldn't have been doing this interview with us. Us two shithead right now. No. We would've been like, I don't have to press. And that's Thing you see, you see, You would've owned Draft high. Yeah, Exactly. I would've owned Barfield Sports. Yeah. Yeah. It would've been great.


Right. So wait, what was the answer for you, Casey? Is there one that you look back, you're like, I kind of wish, not like a huge regret, but like, man, I had that in front of me and it would've been cool if I did that. No. No. And really, I, I mean, no, I don't really, there haven't been a ton that have been like people not begging me to do some movie. That could be great. And it isn't great. I mean, you know, and I don't think it is. It's, I mostly like see things I want and I just really try hard to get them. Yeah. And then I usually don't get them. And then some of them I do. And then I do those. There are very few that I pass on that have ended up being, you know, trying to think huge, hugely successful or super cool movies.


Yeah. No way you would've pass on Avatar, right? No, he is not that dumb. I, I would've passed. I Told him not, not to do it. In fact, 'cause I was hoping they'd come to me next. They just have a sheet. They're like, all right. Ben said no. Matt said, no, Casey, there you are. Alright. So this movie though is, is is very good. I people need to go see it. It's, it's very funny. Was it cool having a moment where you're like, we're back in Boston filming this, the, you know, the three of us together, you know, 20 whatever, five years since Goodwill Hunting. Have you had that pinch yourself moment where it's like, you never thought in a million years when we did Goodwill Hunting, this is where we'd be right now?


Yeah. I, I like, my dream was to my dream, childhood dream kind of ended with Goodwill Hunting coming out, you know, and I remember that experience and afterwards going, well what Do I do now? Like, that was, that was it. That was all I ever wanted was to, was to make a great movie and be in it. And, and, and so like, the fact that we're still able to do this, like, we love this job. We love it. It's so fun making movies and, and, and having people like 'em. And, and, and if people like 'em, if enough people like 'em, then you get to do another one. And it's really hard to string together a career because there's no tenure or anything, you know, it's just what's your next thing?


And so most careers kind of die on the vine or fizzle out, or for whatever reason, it's very hard to sustain a career. And so the fact that we're still both working 25 years after that movie is great. And, and that is like a, that is the pipe dream, really. Yeah. So, yeah. We're just trying not to screw it up. Yeah. Yeah. It's gotta be very cool. Done a good job not screwing it up so far. Yeah, for sure. You guys are very humble. Yeah. You do. You guys both realize you're really fucking good actors. Thanks, man. Yeah, thanks. I don't know, I, I feel like maybe this is why it's good that we don't have like a ton of success. 'cause I'd be just walking around being like, yeah, I'm just gonna make another hit. It's not gonna be a big deal.


Like, whatever. That's by the way, that, like, you can't think that way on in the Mo because it's like, that's like, that's like poise, like If, you think this is gonna be a hit. It's not like, the one time I was like, this is gonna be a hit, was that movie The Great Wall that I did? Ah, man, is that not a hit? And and it was like, and I feel I figured it out like a month into shooting and we had like four months to go. And I was just like, I came to realize that as the definition of a professional actor. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. But still get up every day and be like, and you're on a ship that you know isn't seaworthy and you're like, I'm gonna do everything that's asked to me.


I'm gonna do, do, I'm gonna work my ass off today for 14 hours like that. You know? That's a, that's a, that's a feeling that I don't want to, I, I had the, I had that experience of being in the one that was like, just didn't land the, the gray wall on the same movie. That also was my, like, this is the thing I've always waited for, which was j the assassination of Jesse James by The Coward, Robert Ford. Brad Pitt was in, it was like a studio movie with Brad Pitt. I was the lead, it was the one of the most beautiful scripts I'd ever read with a great director. And it was, and then it, it came out and nobody liked it. And it was like, just felt like the biggest disappointment for a minute.


And I thought, I love this movie. What Do I care. Right? Because no one, like you have to divorce yourself from those responses. And then 10 years later it was like, you know, people really loved that movie, just for whatever reason, like pe it's not in the mo it wasn't in the moment. It was bad timing. And then people found it. And so those kinds of ups and downs, like you have to just roll, roll with all of them. If, you want to keep working. That's the weird thing too about like, what became way more common knowledge in the last 30 years is the box office. And I think because of the explosion of like Marvel and all the IP movies, like everybody started paying attention to the business side of things.


Like, that wasn't a thing when we were growing up. Like I I, if I'd go see Robert De Niro in a movie, I didn't know how it did at the box office. I wouldn't even know what that meant. And it's not really an accurate barometer of how good a movie is. It just means that a bunch of people went to see it. And so to try, it's like, people make that thing of, they try to quantify a movie by how much money it makes or, but, and it is one yardstick by which to take a measurement. But it's really not the only thing. And it's never a measure of if something's gonna last and sustain. And you know, like Ben's movie, the Town just got relicensed on by Warner Brothers a few years ago for like 35 million bucks, like 15 years later.


It's worth that much to one of these streamers because people are still watching the movie. Yeah. And like, that's a mark of a movie that really works. You know what I mean? It lasts. And I always thought like when they do the Academy Awards, the the real best way to do it, If, you take all the, the money and the marketing and all that stuff out is to do the awards like 20 years after the movies come out. Yeah, that's fair. So this year you'd be voting on the movies that were out in 2004 and every and then you every, it would be so easy to go like, well what made it like, yeah, there's no, there's no spin, there's no, it's like I still watch that movie. I still love that movie. Like, that was the best movie of 2004. It would be a, I think probably a more accurate gauge of of, of whether a movie really works.


Could Vote. You could revote. Yeah. Yeah. Could Maybe we start that guys. Yeah. Maybe instead of that's the new We'll do a revote Instead of the Hollywood Stock Exchange. We do a revote. I like That. Are there any sports stories that you guys think you wish would be made into movies? Oh, The, the, was it 1995 South African rugby team that nobody thought could win the World Cup? And it was, it was like a story of, of races coming together too and like Posta apartheid South Africa. I think that's such a great story. I don't think that's gonna work. What About us? No. If somebody did it, if somebody did it right, it would be my favorite movie ever. But we just, we need somebody to step up and do that. I, I'd like to see a movie on the time, Joe pa shit his pants during a game.


Lets throw that out there. Like, people would be like, oh, we're doing a Joe Paterno movie. I'd be like, Ooh, that's heavy. It's like, no, no, no. It's, it's just the time He shit his pants against Ohio State. That's the whole movie. Brothers movie. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Or do, do a movie about how how frequently Joe Missoula watches the town. Yeah. That's where the 35 million came from by the way. It's just Miss Joe Missoula Watches it every single day. Yeah, he does. We had him on. He said that. Alright, so I had one last question.


Rollback question RHOB k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. Q zps polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com.


Thank you guys so much. The movie is awesome. My last question, Matt, I've heard you say it and talk about it, but Casey, I don't know if I've ever seen you talk about it. What do do you think about your brother's back tattoo? Looks like it hurts Classy, right? It's classy By the way. We both had a tattoo on our back that we got when we were really, really young. That was way better. It was simple, elegant, meaningful. Yeah. The other thing, but I like the guy who, the tattoo artist who does that. He is very, very talented. Really nice sweet guy. I think he just got talked into doing something that, you know, Yeah, what did, we just made the entire back a tattoo? And he's like, yeah, I guess Was he sedated for that?


Like Dak Prescott? Was he? Yeah. Did they, did they knock him out for the tattoo deck? Yeah, they probably did. Well, he is Never gonna live that Downham man. Yeah. Yeah. Well thank you guys, we really appreciate it. I didn't even bring up the time my wife saw you, Matt in Dumbo. That's my whole Matt do Damon story. She just saw you at dinner, so that's it. Yeah, that's the whole thing I got. We used to live in Dumbo, so she's like, oh, I saw Matt Damon. That's the whole story though. There's nothing special. That's The story. She didn't, we didn't talk She didn't say Hi. No, she just, no, she just texted me. She's like, I just walked past Matt Damon. Wow. Pretty good Story. Don't say hi next time. Pretty good Story. It'll right, better Story. Yeah. It'll Be a better story if we actually say something to each other. No, she just saw you just, just text me.


I saw Matt Damon. It's like, oh, okay. Cool. Settle a little. Be real quick. What is a rat at the end of the departed symbolize? We've, we've talked about this for years. I mean, I, it's probably if Marty hasn't come out and said it, I mean, the whole movie's about rats and va, you know, oh, it's a rat. It's probably a rat. Like Yeah, I mean, I mean, the writer had in the script, in the, in, in the original script that I, I lived in an old brownstone in like back bay. And that was the idea of me, of me kind of climbing the, the, you know, the, the social ladder. And now I find myself in this old brownstone, but there's still a rat that you, that rat comes across and it's, it's his past. It's the thing, you know, it's, it's, it's meant to symbolize all that stuff.


Got it. But when, but Marty wanted to, wanted to see the state house, you know, to kind, you know, and he's looking out at the gold, which meant that I was in kind of a more modern building. And so people kind of, some people bristled at the rat. They're like, what's a rat doing in that building? Yeah. It looks a little incongruous. Symbolic. But so yeah. It's A rat. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well thank you guys so much. We really appreciate it. It was great to have you guys on. And everyone go watch the Instigators. It's an awesome movie. Thanks guys. Love your show. Love your show guys. Thanks guys.


Before we get to FY Fest of the Week, we're brought to you by our friends at Chevy. As everyone knows, this is a Chevy truck podcast, the greatest truck's ever built. And our good friends at Chevrolet have been a big part of the Pardon My Take story from the Silverado, helping us dig the biggest hole ever dug in Ohio during grit week to Silverado, partnering with us to give college fullbacks all the rightful recognition they deserve with the low man Award to our nonstop cross country trip to the Super Bowl in la behind the wheel of a Chevy Silverado. Silverado's been part of all of it. You can't tell the story. A Pardon My Take without the Chevy Silverado. Chevy Silverado, long time, awesome partner of the show. A truck with commanding an unstoppable grit, legendary capability and dependability too. Every time I get behind the wheel of a Chevy Silverado, I'm like, man, they crushed it when it came to this truck. It is the top of the line when it comes to trucks. So if you're a truck person, aspiring truck person. Chevy Silverado is a truck for you. Find out for yourself like so many other awls. Head to chevy.com to check out all the Chevy truck grit and build your own Silverado today for do it yourself projects to road trips off-Road. Adventures to tailgates. Whatever your thing is, it all starts with a Chevy truck.


Okay, let's get to Fire Fest. Okay, let's wrap up the show. We got Fire Fest of the week. Hank, you're back from vacation. I am Your fire fest. That's the problem with vacations. There's not really, there's not any bad things to talk about. Yeah. And you're, so you, yeah. You need a vacation for your vacation. So you got back today at two. You landed at two. Landed at two. So, so I shot in traffic when I landed. I had to sit in traffic for two hours. Thursday's out. And then tomorrow you'll be in the office. Yeah. In the afternoon. Oh Really? Why? What are you doing in the morning? Well, we have the week off and, and then Big Cat. You know, I've been saying all summer's. No, I'm just wondering. I find a day to go to Beverly. A day to go. Whatcha doing in the morning? Go play golf.


And since technically this is a week off, we are here right now. We're gonna be here all night. I've been here all day. We've not been Here all Day. We're going on a work trip Saturday. No big deal. Great week. We're golfing. You and I are golfing. Yeah. Hank's holding me hostage. I'm golfing tomorrow in the morning. You excited? Have fun. Those greens are fast. I'm not, I'm I'm gonna play about nine holes. What is that? Is that a slap in the member's face? I think so. Really? I don't know. A little bit. I told you I was Gonna, you've been saying all you like, oh, let's set it up. Let's set it up. This is a week off. You're like, I gotta go do the yak. It's like, okay. Alright. Maybe I'll be late to the yak. Maybe I'll play 12 holes. Whatever you want. You know, I'm not an 18 hole now. No, I know. I'm not an 18 hole guy.


I'm excited to, you know, play some golf with my friends. Yeah. So what's your fire fest? I said I had sit in traffic, two hours of traffic. Oh My God. Are you okay? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's, that's it. I had a great week. Are You gonna cry? I love vacation. Yeah. It was good Vacation. Feel Refreshed. Feel refreshed. That happened to you. Yeah. I I traffic is, I wouldn't wish that on my, I mean, I lost, I I also lost amount Rushmore to a fucking someone picking celery for a snack. Yeah. So that was Cel tough. Celery peanut butter. Yeah. And you know that. Yeah. You're, you're in trouble. Well, I'm, I'm with Hank because we've got a meatball merchant named Max and he's just stacking wind because he keeps picking the fattiest foods.


Well, and we're done with food drafts for the rest of the summer, so we'll see how Max can hold up without having to just go meatballs on every draft. It has been a stunning, like Max had a on fire in the Mount Rushmore season. Yeah. I mean I, I've been, I did spend a lot of time reflecting and trying to, you know, revisit some, some game plan and strategy things. 'cause like the snack draft I, that went great for me. Yeah. I left that draft being like, great draft And then Celery Beach dead last celery lost to celery and celery cheese. Yeah. Yeah. That Yeah. Whooped You. That really has, has put my, my brain in a pretzel. Yeah. Okay. PFT your fire fest.


I've had a pretty good week. It's been a nice little vacation here. But I think the, the Joint Fire Fest is that the techies have stirred up a lot of controversy. Mm. And there are some people who are very upset. Tom Ferelli very upset for not being nominated for Italian of the Year. Yep. He's got a lot to work on with his Italian ness this year. And I hope it, I hope he puts forth a better showing. But then the big controversy is from the Lib of the year Award. Yes. And Jerry is really going through right now because Jerry, he keeps alternating back and forth between like, okay, I, I appreciate the Award. And saying like, oh no, please take it away from me. Everyone, please stop calling me the lib of the year.


He texted me and Big Cat this morning asking us if we would rescind the Award and take it away from him. We reminded him that there is a cash prize that goes along with the Award. Correct. So he says that he's okay with, with keeping it for now. He did a quick 180 on that one, but he's really struggling with everyone calling him the Lib of the year online. So please everyone, if we could stop calling Jerry Lib of the year online and don't remind him that he won the lib of the year Award no matter what. Here's, here's a good, so yeah, he, he, he was quickly backtracked when we told him the cash prize. You'd have to give that back. And we said that the cash prize is up to, it could be up to $20,000 depending on how many times people call him Live of the Year.


But I agree with PFT. Please stop calling him Live of the Year online instead buy a Jerry Lib of the year shirt that would, that's now in the store. So you could do it in real life, which would be better. Yep, yep. And yeah, just no matter what, stop calling him that all the time. Like stop saying that to him every single minute that you're online. He said that He's gonna delete Twitter, but that's also, 'cause there was a picture of him eating a corn dog, getting a corn dog shoved down his throat. So he's having a tough time. He's having a tough go of it. He also has a picture going, floating around with a Hillary Clinton trading card on his forehead. So, oh. So it's been a tough week, but he did win the Libby year, so congrats to him. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he should be, I, I guess be proud of whatever Award that you get.


He's more of a participation trophy kind of guy though, I guess. So he wants everyone to have li of the year. Yeah. The, there's actually in the, in the new Twitter, there's the Explorer and one of the top ones I have right now is Li of the Year Award controversy. And it's got the, the AI summary. It says Jersey Jerry, a prominent figure was awarded Lib of the Year title by the popular podcast, Pardon My Take. The announcement made by Nick Adams led to a flurry of reactions on social media. While many congratulated Jerry, he expressed discomfort with the overwhelming attention and requested a reduction in the frequency of mentions. The situation sparked a mix of support, humor, and criticism from various users highlighting the complexities of public re recognition in the digital era.


Perfect. I love it. It's perfect. Yeah. Also, how come nobody told me I look like I'm in hell right now. Well you just changed your lighting. So how could we tell you that? It looks like You were on a play stage Before. Yeah. You changed your lighting. You were looked one Way. Oh, I didn't change anything. Well, something Are you, something changed. You look different. I'm at Developing room. I'm at, I'm at Scully's right now and I, I think they're getting ready for, for soundcheck right now. Here we go. Yeah. That's better now I'm in heaven. Yeah. Heaven hell heaven. It didn't change. Hell, you were looking not like that. And then something changed with the lighting. Alright. My fire fest, I got an easy one. I, my son pissed on me. That was all. So that was fun. You pissed on intentionally.


We were playing sword. Which one? We were playing swords and he pissed across the toilet all over my leg. So, but that's the game that, listen, when you get in the, in between the lines and you're playing swords with your son, you gotta expect that to happen some from time to time. The sword fight. Yeah. I literally, I, This, the sword fights are dangerous. We Started the sword fight and then all of a sudden I was like, why is my whole entire leg feel wet? And I looked down and he was just peeing all over me. So I think that means he won the sword fight. Easily, easily. Total alpha move. Total alpha move. But yeah, you gotta be able, you gotta play swords with your kid. Come on. It's fun. It's just like, you know, 'cause usually I do win, but this one, he, he's changed the game and it, and credit to me.


I didn't pee on him. I was gonna say, I Feel like you were thinking About revenge. I've did thought crossed my mind, thought crossed my mind. But I figured, you know what, let's just, let's let's play, let's play this right way. Chalk it up to a loss. Move on. Play another game. Alright. Huey, you wanna finish this off? Yeah, My fire fest. I was doing laundry. Oh, specifically mine. So I have, so the apartment I'm in right now, the, the type of, I don't have a washer dryer in my place. It's a, it's four stories down in, in a different place. So I have to share that laundry room with three other units. Hmm. And it's How many machines? It's just one washer, one dryer. Oh yeah. That stuff. Yeah. And it's in a different hall.


It's in a, so it's like a four stories down in different S stairs. Is there el elevator? No. Oh. But it's a different set of staircases. It's like in the back. So it's like darker and like, there's no, there's no windows out there. It's just one light at the bottom. One light at the top. Sounds Like a basement. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's essentially what I'm going into. And there's spiders all the way up and down the wall. Okay. It's just, it's, I, I'm afraid to go down there and So you have no clean laundry. So I, I'm running low on clean laundry now 'cause it's been two weeks. It's, you know, running low out of everything. So I bought new clothes, bought just, you know, essential stuff. Found some draft king church, you know, in the other room in the gambling cave.


So that's gonna help. Yeah. You Hugh, you can go to my, my office. Pick whatever you want. Alright. I mean, you shouldn't say that out loud. Nope, I just Did. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's, yeah, we got new stuff. I got, I had new stuff coming anyways, so it wasn't the end of the world. But I think I have a, I have a new place set on the back end of Grit week. Oh, you're moving? Yeah. I got a washer and dryer there and it's my own good. So I got a whole plan of doing big laundry for a one weekend. It's gonna be awesome. Excited for that one. I was gonna say that your strategy for no clean laundry seems to just be like, only buy new clothes. Yeah. Yeah. That's a total dude's rock moment. Like I, there were spiders in the hallway, so I just got new clothes and when he says he bought new clothes, I feel like it was All I bought socks.


Okay. But yeah, but a lot of the clothes came from, from the gambling ca This came from this office raising canes. A lot of stuff was getting delivered here. Yeah. Yeah. I did have some Amazon stuff. I got some shampoo. I mean, we're, we're rocking and rolling now. Yeah. I mean, He's just gonna he's gonna just be a walking billboard for us. I love it. Yeah. I love it. Okay. Good show boys. Grit Week starts Sunday night. We're traveling. We'll be visiting a bunch of different camps. We're very excited. We also will have a meet and greet that we'll let everyone know about when we get it set. So good. Show Grit week. Excited to get back all of us together.


Let's do numbers. 28 42 12. you don wanna do 56? I wanna do 56. Yeah. 56. Well, no. Now what if it's eight Three? It's not, it's not gonna be eight. It's gonna be 56. I promise. 4 43 43. Love you guys.


I am away. Say today. Love


Pulling up to Mickey D's just for drinks. Oh yeah, that's me. Nothing extra. Just perfection. And a straw coming in hot for the coldest cups on the block. Because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's. Mix things up with any size, lemonade or sweet tea for a dollar 49. Perfect. With our classic fries, price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Ba ba, ba ba


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's. Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click grainger.com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.