
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. It is Master's time. And we have our good friend Max Homa on the show, as is tradition. Great catching up with him. He's about to turn the corner and maybe shock the world. We're gonna shock the world. We're, we're pumping up Max. We have our good friend Shane Bacon, breaking down the Masters, talking about best bets. What we expect from this weekend. We're gonna talk Florida Gators back on the top of the college basketball mountain.


We had some weird firings in Denver. We have Hot Seat Cool Throne. And then we're gonna finish with Pardon your take. Listener submitted. Pardon Your take. And a white Lotus recap for the finale. Hank has watched it. That was the only episode he watched. PFT and I watched the whole season. So if you are someone who has not watched it and you don't wanna be spoiled, the very end of the show will be White Lotus. We will not talk about it until then.


And before we get to all of that DraftKings, the battle for the jacket is heating up in Augusta. And there's no better place to sweat the action than DraftKings Daily Fantasy. The ultimate destination for fantasy golf fans and for the year's. First Major DraftKings is giving all customers a shot to play free for a $1 million top prize with your next $10 deposit. It's simple to play. Build your dream lineup while staying under the salary cap. Then sit back and watch your players rack up points. Everybody, every bogey, every clutch putt. Feel the intensity of every shot. Download the DraftKings app use code take to play. Free for a shot at the $1 million top prize with just a $10 deposit. That's code take for all DraftKings customers. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply void were prohibited. New customers only minimum $10 Deposit required. One single use, $10 ticket rewarded for Fantasy Golf Millionaire Contest that expires on April 10th at 7:00 AM See terms at DraftKings dot com slash promotions.


Okay, let's go Football guy. Yeah, yeah. My Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings app use code take to play free for a shot at the $1 million top prize with just a $10 deposit. That's code take for all DraftKings customers. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, April 9th, and the Florida Gators are back on top.


What did Iion Eagle say? The championship. The Championship? Yeah. The championship. It's pretty good. What a what a final four. Let's give it up for the final four. That Was a great games. Great games. We deserve it. We, we put in the hard work, you know, that I got, I just, the lighthouse crashed by the lighthouse. Oh. We put in the hard work watching this shit. The shit turned into fertilizer And we got a beautiful garden that bloomed in the final four. I I think that Houston was uncomfortable not playing from behind. Yeah. I feel like Houston had had to lead the whole game and they were like, wait, we're, we're usually the ones that are, that are coming back at the last minute. Yeah. We can't hold onto the lead. Yeah, we wanna take the lead. The, so all three games in the final four, the team losing at halftime won the game.


That means that it was, you know, back and forth fun basketball. It wasn't the prettiest game, but it was thrilling. And we got to see something. I never thought I'd see where you get a last possession where Houston was not able to get a shot off because I mean, he threw the ball and was going to end up with a traveling violation if he had touched the ball. Yeah, that was weird. Was that the last dribble Or Was that the worst final possession of all time in college basketball? Mm. It might be Chris Weber. I dunno if that counts, but not the, not the final possession though. But yeah. Not the final possession. I mean, it was, it, it, I don't know what they were planning on doing. I, I guess credit to Florida's defense for taking away whatever it is they were trying to do. But yeah, they couldn't get a shot off. Well, watching it back, I know that Walter Clayton got player of the tournament player of the Final four, which he deserved.


He was even on a night when his first three or four shots were comically off. And I think that also is part of the, the, the ball being overinflated. He was a big part of Florida offense, you know, with his assist in the first half. And then he found a little offense late driving to the hole, hitting a big three. But Will Richard was the player of the game for this game. And it was him keeping them afloat in the first half with his threes. And then if you look at the final possession, his on ball defense in the final possession is where like all the timing for Houston got screwed up. And when the timing got screwed up, you end up with that possession where Kelvin Sampson was just staring there, not saying anything.


Watching his dream crumble. Yeah. That was, I feel bad for Kelvin Sampson too. Do too. I I, I was hoping, I mean, I obviously had the future in Florida, but for Kelvin, I don't know if he's gonna get back here. 'cause this is an old team that he had. It was good culture though. Yeah. What was the average age there? Like 21. 21 and a half. Yeah. They were an older team and they were, they played really hard last, I was super impressed with how they defended against Clayton. So they, what they did in the first half was they had crier on 'em. Yeah. They Blitzed Them too. And they're like, yeah, crier, you're gonna, you're gonna sprint your ass off. Like, pretend like you're running around guarding Rip Hamilton for, for 20 minutes and then in the second half we're gonna put sharp on him. Yeah. So you can, we'll, we'll have someone who's relatively fresh and they did a great job of stopping him, taking away outside shots.


He had great passes to the inside. I didn't know that. I didn't know if Conn was gonna be enough because Conn, he looked like he was scared that First time. He can't, he can't. That was the big thing with Clayton. Should have had more assists. Yeah. 'cause his passes were so good. Great passing. Yeah. The, the Florida big men, again, their hands didn't work except for Thomas Hawk, who, that was one of the, that was the play of the game when he, when he blocked the ball and then went for the, and won. Yeah. That was an incredible play. But yeah, Conn, I I, I'll say it, he still is so important defensively, but offensively when he gets the ball, it's just nervousness. I think There, there have been some games where he looks good offensively, but against Houston. He, he wanted no part of having that ball in the paint.


Yeah. He would just, he would like toss it around to himself, dribble it off his leg, get it stripped. Try. I think he had like back to back traveling violations. Yeah, he was, he was scared in the first half. But there, yeah, there were great passes by, by Clayton. And then the second half they kind of figured out different ways that they could score completely different halves in terms of how it was officiated too. Yeah. So the stats are insane. There were four fouls called in the first half and there were 26 fouls called in the second half, two technicals Also, Todd Golden probably deserves credit. And I hate that the refs became a part of the, the entire story here. But his technical was maybe the most strategic technical of all time.


Because after his technical foul, which was of I think like three or four minutes into the second half, the fouls went 13 to three on Houston. Yeah. Good. Good move by Him. It was, because remember the fir the second half started, I think Florida had five fouls in two and a half minutes. Yeah. And two of two of those fouls were phantom calls. Yeah. Two were really, really bad. And then there was a bad no call that they had too. And so I I, after the first bad call I could tell Golden's, he's gonna get a technical here. Yeah. Watch he, he's like, he knows that he's outta the box. I love, by the way, I love the, the box that they put on coaches. Yeah. 'cause no coach stays in the box ever. No, no. It's just, if you get worn three times and you still, you go further outside the box, that's when they hit you with the tee. Yeah.


We also, speaking of the refs, I feel like Seth Davis had like, he, he would be my LVP for the tournament. 'cause remember he was, he was carrying water for Kevin Willard earlier in the tournament, not understanding how fans, you know, interact in sports. I Had Jeff Goodman his mind, but Jeff Goodman also, well he's, he, I don't even know if he can register. 'cause he is like, this guy sucks. Which sucks Talking about him because he doesn't know who we are. So he's not ever gonna hear this. Correct. It feels like I'm just yelling into the ether. Yeah. No idea who we are. Seth Davis though tweeted this about the refs. I've always disagreed with the argument that the refs should call it the same, the whole game. The game changes. Sometimes you need to blow the, the p he said, I called it a p blow.


The p Sometimes you need to blow the P to tighten things up. They did. The players adjusted And we got an amazing final 12 minutes. Reffing is more art than science. I'm gonna disagree with that. I think that's, that makes me want robot s That's the dumbest argument I've ever heard. If here's, here's the thing. If the refs don't call physical play or something that happens in the first half and then all of a sudden they decide that they're gonna call that a foul, that's very confusing for the players and usually gives us a worse product because the players do not have consistency. There's a reason they wear black and white. Yeah. It's, it's not art. Why isn't it? It's black and white or the other. Yeah, It's Do all refs wear black and white though, Right.


On a basketball court? Yeah. Well I feel like in the NBA it's like gray. It might be gray. There's shades of gray in there. On a college, You black and white Stripes. He made a good, he made a good, it's a Joke. Pun a Joke. And, and a good, a good pun. Give It to him. It's a great, great pun. It's not art. Yeah. Yeah. It's not art. But that, that's the dumbest argument I've ever heard. I think that's very stupid. Like, can you imagine a, a baseball umpire being like the strike zone, you know, it changes Right. Meaning to inning. No. Like, be consistent. That's the one thing. If you're gonna listen, if you're gonna blow the P 26 times in the second half, then blow the P 26 times in the first half. Be, if you're gonna be bad, be consistently bad. Yeah. If you're gonna be good, be consistently good. Like that's actually, it's the exact opposite of how I view officiating. There are some times you watch a game and you see the refs are like, all right, it's gonna be one of those nights.


And you just, and then everyone adjusts to have it be, it's not one of those nights. And then halftime happens and they're like, no, it is one of those nights. That sucks. I have another complaint about the officiating. This has been bugging me for I feel like three years now. Why do they insist on having that, that weird angle camera every time they're watching the review and then making the announcement? The one that's like, it looks like it's done on a laptop camera. Like a front facing laptop camera. Yeah. Where they stare into it and every single one of 'em looks like a serial killer about to murder somebody. Yeah. It's a blowjob Case. It's a blowjob. It's the what she sees camera. Yeah. Right. Exactly. And, and every ref looks like a complete creep. Just get, get a normal camera. I agree. It's so stupid because It makes me hate the refs more. Also, I, I did grow to hate Gene Stato By the end.


I loved him At the end I went the other way. You you ended up liking him. I ended up missing him. I, you gotta Yeah. Stay strong on Sunday. I was like, man, I really wish Gene Stato could just pop into my life right now. You gotta stay strong. It was, I wish someone had done I, next year we'll do it where it's just one shining moment, but it's just Gene sta towards graphic popping up. It's like over And over. It's like, it's like being the mayor of New York City. No matter what you do, everybody's gonna hate you. Yeah. If you are the person who is in charge of busting into the broadcast, like 20 times in three minutes to analyze if a ball hit off a guy's knee, when we can all see that it hit off his knee. Yep. And they're like, okay, let's get Gene Sta tore in because he's the only guy that can tell us if this ball actually hit off the guy's knee.


Or if we're just seeing things. Yeah. Gene, what do you think? That's it. It makes me hate you. I don't want to hate Gene. I just missed him because I, he became such a big part of my life. It was like, it's like, you know, getting like an office wife or an office husband. Gene Stato. We watched so much basketball, he was kind of getting office hot to me, office hot. And I was kind of being like, gene Stato is doing it for me. When he pops in, he is like, I, I don't know. It could go either way. Thanks Gene really needed that opinion. And he makes some little joke. I, I didn't like how jokey they got. They got really jokey. That's why you gotta get Mike Carey back. Yeah. We need to bring him back at the national discussion. Yeah. But yeah, credit to Florida. So Florida's path was pretty impressive.


So starting with the SEC championship or SEC tournament, Florida went on to beat Missouri, who is ranked 19th in Ken Palm, Alabama six. Tennessee five. Then go to the tournament. They win their first round game Yukon defending Champs 32, Maryland 10, Texas Tech nine, Auburn four, Houston two. So they went on a path where they beat six top 10 teams to get to this championship. The only, you know, they were, they were ranked third. They ended up beating the 2, 4, 5, and six ranked teams in Ken Palm. So Duke was the only one that they didn't rank or didn't beat.


It was a hell of a gauntlet and they did it and Florida's back on top. I also saw, I was reading an article last night, I think it was on the Athletic, where it was like February 26th, 20 2006 was when Florida lost their last game and then went on to win a title February 27th, 2006 seven was when they lost their last game to go on and went on a title. And then this year they lost their last game February 25th. And then just went. So it's something about those late February losses and then Florida, when they've won their three titles have just gone ripped them all off. That's wild. Yeah. I think the story from this final four though, if we're gonna think back, put yourself in a time machine 10 years from now, duke, duke losing it is still the, it still the story of the final four.


Yes. That I I will die on that hill. We're gonna Houston choked. You didn't nice. Like played hard. That was one possession. Blew that game. Hank. I said it was, it was the worst possession I've ever seen. But don't, But it was before that they, they choked, they did choke. They, they had turnovers on I think their last four possessions. Yeah. Which is crazy. Yeah. Houston choked. But also Houston Port also traveled twice on that, on that Once press break. No, the ball handle traveled. I I I know the, the one you're talking about with Clayton. I don't think he traveled the other one. Yes. He did. Like a, He took like 20 steps and two steps. No, he did Not take 20 steps. I think there were probably two missed calls. But I mean, they were, they were either way. Houston, they were close enough. Houston. Yeah.


Houston did Show, and also there was the goal tending that they didn't review. Yeah. They, that was important. It turns out Hang, That's Art. That's art Review that. Because they didn't call it, so if they, they had, they, if they had called it on the floor, they could look at it and be like, yeah, we got it. Right. But they didn't call it, so instead we just came back from commercial and they were like, look at this goal tending call that they missed. Nothing's gonna change. Yeah. Look, Hank you probably aren't wrong because Houston did lead the game for all but 17 seconds in the first 39 minutes. And then Elijah Martin hit two free throws or one free throw with 46 seconds remaining. And that was it. Like that's, Hank had a future on Houston. Am I, am I reversing the narrative that you always win the big bets in my face and I'm, I kind of reversed it.


Yeah, I did feel bad. 'cause it was like, it sucked that we were head To head. I appreciate you feel I I didn't, I didn't think you needed to feel bad. Like, but I, that's like when it's, when it's, but It's head to head. It sucks. Sucks. But it's different when it's future against future. It's that, you know, but it still sucks if we both were like, you know, nuke versus nuke, that's one thing. But Yeah, It's true. You can't, you can't plan on that. Yeah. Also, there's anything that just means that this podcast knows Ball. Yeah. True. I I, yeah. I, I want a, a very large sum of money in, I, I think I still am down in March Madness, but that's okay. I'm a losing gambler. I never Said differently. The account's not empty. The account's not empty. But there was a lot of people being like, show you all your losers. Like, Hey buddy, there's a lot of 'em. I will, I've never admitted different.


I have a, I'm a loser, A solemn promise to you all. I will never check and see how much money I've lost. I, I will, when I write like a biography in like 40 years and then I can like, you know, they, they'll have me on whatever the next Dan Patrick is, and I'd be like, says, you're in your book. You lost $30 million gambling. Be like, yep. It's true. That's not what the number is right now. Like, I, I'm down, I'm down big this year and I hit the Travis Hunter Heisman future. Yeah. That was the biggest future of my life. I went, I went Scbu Travis, hunter Eagles and Florida. You win. And I'm down Bird plus 16 and oh. And then mixed in the middle of that And I'm still down. So that gives you a little insight of how I am as they Maybe buy Those candles.


I just love the people being like, show your losers. Like, dude. And then they, they thank you to everyone who came to my defense. They're like, he's said a billion times that he's a loser. Like that's just, I'm actually on documented record. Yeah, yeah. When they, when when Penn went to, to trial against the Massachusetts government. They're like, he's the biggest gambling loser of all time historically. But yeah, it was, it was. I think we'll remember Duke. Yeah. I mean that's gotta be the big story, right? It's gotta be the big story. I I actually do believe that. Yeah. That 10 years from now, we'll remember that Florida won a national title. Will we remember it as much as, because here's, here's the difference, Hank between Duke's choke and saying It's, it's USA Russia.


No, it's U-S-A-U-S-S-R. They're, They're supposed to be Duke. Yeah. Well, and also I I I think if you had to, if you had to make a, a bet on what player from these four teams is going to have a career that we talk about for a long time, it's Cooper flag. And guess what happened with Cooper Flag in his last, you know, tournament game? He choked. So that's where the storyline comes. Yeah. A lot of choking. I think it'll be remembered as the, the final four of chokes. The chokes. Yeah. Kelvin Sampson. I do feel bad. He was on win number 7 99. Oh. So this would've been 800. Brutal. He probably would've retired, right? I don't know. At 800. His son is coaching waiting Kellen.


He's Yeah, I I he's been right there. He just, the, I'll say this about Kelvin Sampson. Incredible coach just needs to figure out how to get a little bit more moisture in his mouth. Yeah. He is a big time dry mouth guy. He is, he is. He also is a coach that, every time I see him, I think he's gonna be fatter than he is. Yeah. I think, I think it's the name Kelvin. Kelvin. He like, I, I assume every time the camera pan to him, like wow, he's lost a lot of weight. But he, I say that every time I see him adding An L to Kevin makes you fatter. Yeah. It should. Like when you close your eyes, you say, Hey, that's, that's Kelvin coming down the street. I'm like, whoa, that guy's a big boy. It's How you say Kevin, while you're swallowing a bite of sandwich.


Yeah. Vin your mouth is full. Kelvin. Kelvin. Yeah. And then Florida. Yeah. I mean this, this final four or this championship game for everyone who says that college basketball is dying. Yes. Obviously there's some issues. The NIL and transfer, but there were no five star recruits in this game and there were no freshmen in this game. Hmm. So playing, I, I maybe there was a freshman. I know Florida has a freshman. Maybe it was the starters No five stars, no freshmen. So it's not just, you can load the, you know, duke would've been the, the, the team. You're like, NIL has ruined it. Yeah. They just paid 20 million for their roster. That didn't happen. So it Turns out that like the, the only thing that we could say after the tournament was over if Duke had won NIL ruined college basketball.


Correct. And since Florida won and they didn't have freshmen, it's college basketball alive and well Alive And well will also, Although I, I just, I hate after big games like this, seeing Olivier ru go out on the court and cut down the nets and not have to jump at all. Yeah. With seven foot, eight guy, seven foot, nine guy in Florida who doesn't play. 'cause he is a freshman. I just wish that we had seen him play. Yeah, I agree. He'll play. He's gonna be a Freak. And it was also, like I said, my, my player of the game was Will Richard, it was, I'm a SAP for this stuff. He was the first guy to commit to Todd Golden when he took over at Florida. I always love those stories where it's like he was the first one to believe in what would end up being three years down the line.


A national Championship. He was my guy. Yeah. He was the guy built it all around. That's, That's the foundation block. Do we have a, a top 25 from next year already? I love the sickos that do those lists. The second the game's over. Okay. Kentucky, Fanta Made one. Kentucky, duke, Kansas, maybe UNC. I'm gonna say Creighton's gonna be somewhere around 12. Where's cre? Oh, Creighton's 22. Where's Got Houston at? At one. Houston, Purdue, Louisville. Duke. Yukon. Duke Yukon, Texas Tech, Alabama. St. John's, UCLA. Iowa State. That's your top 10. I love that. Congrats to Iowa State. There was a guy, there's a guy on, fuck, I can't remember.


It might be like JBB Bracketology or something. I can't remember. No. JBR ology is someone I follow is a really good college who's followed. But there's a guy who did Bracketology already love that before. It was, I think he did on Saturday. Who, who were the first four teams out? I don't know who the first four teams out was. I just immediately looked Wisconsin got a eight seed. I would just assume that. So that was cool. If you're doing bracketology for next year already, you're only doing it. Oh there it is. Just have the first four teams out so you can stick it to fan bases that you don't like. Mr. Bracket's three. He's got Houston as your one seat in the south. Duke is your one seat in the East Kentucky is your one seat in the Midwest.


And Purdue out west gonna be tough for the boilermakers out going out west. I pulled that up pretty quick. Is You did pulled that up. Is vi there Looks, it looks Like, I don't know if it's not on there, but, but Robert Wright. Robert Wright coming to Nova. Okay. I feel like they reversed where West Virginia should be in Xavier. I feel like those two are backwards in this one. Did the committee get it wrong? The committee got it wrong. I just love the commitment to do a bracketology. When did he post this great job, max, by pulling that up. When did he post this? This was on April 5th at two 18. So this was before the final four was played. I love that. I love that. That's a commitment right there. But yeah, That's actually a great way to take away some of this.


If your team doesn't get into the NCAA tournament, there should be a guy that does this for next year and put all those bubble teams in. Yeah. And next should be like, look, we're building something. You Got it. You're on the way. Alright. So yeah. Good bad tournament. Great. Final four. Yeah, I think that's fair to say. You gotta get a shot off. Gotta get a shot off Me if I, that's prob I mean, with Houston you take the good with the bad. They practice so much in like loose ball drills. Yep. And not shooting you, you revert back to your training. What do you think would They started of wrestling? What do you think would've happened if he had picked up the ball? Do you think the wrestl would've been, would they would've called it? I mean, we could have had the, the biggest missed call of all time. Right.


Like, just put the pressure on them. I also think weirdly He, he should have, He should have touched it just because then they would've still been like whatever, five seconds left And you force them to make the call. Florida Call goes, makes a free throw. Yeah. You force 'em to make the call. If they make the call Florida makes a free throw or two that then it would be game. But if they make one, you still got a shot. Yep. Yeah. They should have touched it all time. Ugh, that's so unsatisfying. If you're a Houston fan, I, I don't know what you, you just have that playing in your head forever. I it's like that's a, that was kind of Well it felt like a win the whole game too. Yeah. Like they were, they were winning that game. Obviously you just need a shot. You'd need a shot at the end of the game. And especially, I mean they, the play they ran was to to to shoot a three and they should have went right away sprinted right at the rim.


Yeah. Yeah. And tried to get a rebound. That's what I didn't understand was why, why take it down that far? So why, why not give your yourself a shot to, if they get a rebound, get a foul and and play it out from there. Give yourself multiple opportunities to not get a shot off. When I watched it back, I was looking at it and it looked like what they were hoping for. It looked, it, it basically Will Richards defense got all of the sequence of screens out of order for Houston and they were just all a little bit late in the past. Wasn't really crisp, but I think what they were trying to do was get Conn to come out on the three and it would've left J one, Roberts and Clayton going for the rebound. So you basically take a three with five seconds left and your big grade, then you have a huge mismatch under the boards.


Also. I feel like J one Roberts could get a rebound even if there were three other guys around him. Yeah. That shotty hit off the backboard. That was insane. That Was insane. I, I woke up this morning and my first thought was, how did Florida win this game? Yeah. Like, it's crazy. It was a great comeback by Florida. They were never in control of this game. Never. And not even for, even at the end it, it's just like, oh, here comes Houston. They're gonna either hit a three or get a rebound. 'cause that's what they always do. Like If you're trailing and what were they down by? 12 points? I think they were down 12. They were down 10 almost instantly in the second half. Yeah. You're down 12 and you get two technicals. Yeah. And you still come back and win. That's crazy. It Was that Thomas Hawk block and Ann one was an incredible, incredible play.


Yeah. He played his balls off. Yep. He was, he was a dude. Okay. Denver has fired their head coach. Our good friend Michael Malone and their gm. What the fuck? Yeah. What the fuck? This is the one of the craziest coach firings. The hu Denver isn't the four seed I believe right now, but they're all these teams in the west are within a half games. Yep. So they could end up being the eight seed memes had an interesting theory that he's been reading about online. I don't Know if you Oh, you mean Luca Doni? Nope. Nope. Yeah. Our guy memes decided to show up to work today dressed as Luca Doni. I don't know, I've never seen it before. He's wearing a Luka Doni Mavericks Mavericks Luka Doni hoodie.


What is that? A sh a sh It's a sweatshirt. A hery. A hery I think a sweatshirt jersey. A sweat, sweat jersey sw and then sw magic sweatpants And then has his shoes and socks Exactly like Luca would Wear. Yeah. So he is just channeling Luca on the Mavs and He is been drinking beers all Day. And he said, and he memes And what hookah and hookah Memes was like, is it sex trafficking? That was his theory on mud. That Was, I mean, the Denver airport weird shit goes on there. Was it the Yoki brothers that just went into the, the Nuggets facilities like fire Him now? I coach team now. No, I, I I mean, I read, who knows what actually happened.


Apparently the GM and Michael Malone did not speak and they were not on good terms. So they're firing both of them. So They're like, fuck it. We'll fire both of them. Me personally, I would keep the coach that won and it be a title. I would keep the coach that you're winning right before the Playoffs winning. You're winningest coach of all time your NBA title coach, the only one you have in your history of your, of your franchise Right before the Playoffs. Makes no sense. I I always go back to like, whenever these things happen, like Yoic had to sign off on this, right? I would think so. But also Yoic is someone who, like, he's the, the type of guy who I, I feel like he's, he wouldn't demand anything.


No. The Luca thing when it was like, you would think someone along the way would've been like, we're not doing this. And that didn't happen. It feels like anything's possible. But with, with with Yoic, I feel like you, he's always teetering on the edge of being like, you know, I don't really like playing basketball. I'd rather just hang out with my horses. You don't wanna piss 'em off. Yeah. So I feel like you have to have that conversation with 'em. Right, right before the playoffs. I know they've lost four in a row, but Jamal Murray's been in and out. So like you still have the best player in the world right now. Yeah. You So that, that leads me to only think that he would, he would've signed off on this. Yeah. Also Calvin Booth, the GM tough day for him because his face is weird.


Yeah. There there was some pictures of him that kind of looked like he was melting. Yeah. Someone said that it looks like they put Nick cage's face inside of his, Inside of a tanning bed. Yeah. Yeah. It was Can you pull up his picture? Yeah. I mean, that's just it. Listen, sucks to get fired sucks even more for everyone to be like, oh, that's what you look like. Let's take a look at this guy. 'cause I, I only saw the graphic that Sha Yeah. It's just why the long face Calvin? Yeah. Yeah. So Calvin Booth, it's A, it's a very, yeah, That first picture right there, that's not great. It's a very strange time to do all this. Very strange Time. Like really, really strange. The owner, Josh Cranky, he gave us a, a press conference today and they asked him about it.


Wait, Does he have any relationship with Stan? I, I'll have to look that up. He might. Yeah. They're all good For him. Another cranky getting a team. Yeah. So, but he's independent independently wealthy, I'm sure. Yeah. His message to the team was play hard and have fun. So they're going the Mighty Duck Strategy. They're going Yeah. Gordon Bombay. That would be funny if they just hired Emilio Estevez. Like, we don't, YOIC can draw up the plays. I'm just here to throw the beach ball out there and have some fun. So I guess they're just gonna go with the, the, their assistant coach is in interim for the playoffs. Okay. I this is Coaching by committee. This is stupid. This makes no sense. Aren't those Mike Malone's coaches? Michael? Michael? Yeah. But aren't they? Just Say the question again.


Aren't those Michael Malone's coaches? Thank you. Yes, they are. They're so you're firing your coach. You're post Malone. Yeah. Why would you not? He Had some help. New help. If you don't believe in Michael Malone, how could you believe in his, his assistance would be my question. Fair, fair question. And will those assistants coach hard for you after you fired their guy? Right. One of them will. One of them definitely is like, this is my shot. The rat. Yeah. And then they'll, and then it will become a whole thing. Wait, who is this? What Do you think about this guy? David Edelman. Okay. He's got a, he's got cute cheeks. And who else look At Rosie. They are who Else is is coaching for them? So they're really going by committee.


I think this is a guy. Oh, I think it's just this guy. It's He did, he did, they did make it officially. He's the interim. Okay, because I was gonna say if they were, if that would be very funny, if it was like four guys and they took turns on the quarters. You're act asking for huge production from a guy who's never done it before at this level. That's what Windhorse said. I agree with Wendy. Wendy's hair is so on Point. That's a good suit too. This fucking guy. He just, he serves. Looks fucking love Wendy. He looks great. He's he'll, he'll be on for the playoffs. You guys excited for the masters? I know we got Max Hoa and Shane Bacon, by the way, max Awesome interview. He's maybe not playing the best golf of his career right now, or he isn't, but he, we, we got him.


I feel like we, it was a good, good time to just go back to the old conversation with Max Homa. I'm very excited about it. Big Cat. I I know that Sunday is maybe the best nap day of, of the entire calendar year when you're watching the final round. I think it's Saturday. I I actually have become more of a Friday Masters guy. Oh, Friday. Friday Masters before the cut. It's like a little mini championship. Yeah. It's like that. Everybody is, is fighting for Something. I like Saturday just because Saturday like Sunday, I don't wanna miss anything. And Saturday is just a perfect Saturday afternoon. They do the thing where you can't watch the coverage on TV until like three o'clock and then it comes on and you kind of doze off.


Then you wake up for the last like, you know, four or five holes. What do you say, max? Why can't you watch all of the masters? I don't understand. There's no other sports going on at this time. Everyone the wants to watch the whole thing. It's masters You the first two rounds. Yeah. It's expanded their coverage. Yeah. And, and Max you can do that, but there, There should be no, there should be no question of whether there is coverage or Not. I agree. You can download the app. You download the app, but, But then, but then you, like I the amount of times that I've bet on somebody and you can't watch. Yes. And you're just going through like the master's tracker and just waiting and refreshing and refreshing is so annoying. The Most frustrating thing that happens every single year on Saturday, the masters is at like two o'clock.


They're like, here is an hour of a Jack Nicholas documentary. Like just give us a We know they're playing. Yeah, they're playing the masters right now. It's usually like 30 minutes about how Sam Snead named a tree. Yeah. But that, but the answer to your question Max is it's the master. So they get to make all the rules. They get to do whatever they want. That's really all it is. They have a one year contract with CBS and they basically call up CBS and say, yeah, you know what? We'll keep you for another year. Like imagine CBS is kind of the K in this relationship. They go from 12 to seven on Saturday. Is that real? 12 to seven, 12 to two on Peacock, on the cock.


What about the morning? Who cares on Saturday, Sunday? It's like, it's Moving day, bro. But anyone that's anyone 12 to seven's a long fucking time Dip Bullheads like us. Yeah, but no, you're gonna, you're gonna wanna see how the guy, how the course looks in the morning, What's going on from eight to 12. Like what are, what are they showing that they can't show master? I actually, I didn't realize Max just wanted to post up and watch four. No, no, But I just like having it on seven O'clock. Here's the thing. Here's the thing though. And Max makes a good point. Like, they could be lying to us about what happens earlier in the day. Right. They could just make up the scores and be like, oh, this is crazy. Tiger Woods shot another great round early in the day on Saturday. You didn't see it. Also, why are you defending, why are, why you should be on my side here if anyone is on my i on your side.


But I do think the masters in terms of golf tournaments, at least, like, there's a lot of golf tournaments where there's much worse viewing experiences. The masters gives you a lot, But I want all of it. I want more. Yeah, that's fair. I want everything. Like I don't care about golf except for the majors or if we have a bet on a guy that weekend. If like, just give, just give you the golf. Give me the golf, Gimme all of it. I agree. I don't like when I wake up in the mor on Saturday morning, it's like, oh, the Masters is on. Let me just throw this on my TV while I'm doing other things. Why can't I have that on my tv? It is also the most peaceful tournament. So like, I don't even care. They they don't even have to, they could show a shot every 10 minutes and as long as I have it on my tv, I'm gonna take a hundred Percent.


Correct. Yeah. And they do the less commercials. Hank's been compromised. I don't Even know. Hank just likes to defend all of the golf. No, No, no, no. You're defending the wrong golf here, bro. I just, It's true. Hank thinks he's gonna play Augusta someday. Max was like, I Would, max was like, I think we should be able to watch more golf. And Hank's like, no. Yeah, that doesn't add up. You wanna play Augusta? Why would Hank say that? Do you wanna play Augusta? No. You don't wanna play Augusta? I don't. There's no world where I'm playing in Augusta. That's not even, there's 0%. There's definitely not a world you're playing in Augusta. If you ever take like Max, max is definitely not playing in Augusta. Are You nagging the course right now? Out? I'm not putting out August. I'm out. I'm opting out of playing at Augusta. I also opt out because I want more fucking golf. Yeah. All right.


Fair. Me too. Oh, fuck the Masters. Oh no, No. Hank. Why would you you say that? Oh dude. Oh, we just dragged you down into the mud with us. Oh. I also love the caddy uniforms at Augusta. The uniforms are are priceless. They're like little smocks that they get 'em. Are you trying to play at Augusta? No. You haven't opted out yet Though. I'm not No. I I have opted you. You forget Big Cat like three years ago on this show. I said I don't want to play at Augusta. I'm not Augusta material. All right. Fair. I'm opting out. And you, you said you wouldn't wanna play at Augusta. I would want Play at Augusta. Well, I wouldn't wanna play at Augusta, but I now I can't. 'cause I'm saying fuck the Masters. I, I mean, I definitely would wanna Play it. I've been off.


I I like if they asked me, I absolutely Would. Hank's still allowed the putt though. I, we'll get to get to that later. I just want to Allowed The put, but Fuck the Masters. But if they actually did invite us, like I would play For the record. I Don't, I mean, we're never getting invited. No one, no one is getting invited. But we Would, I don't, I don't know that I would because Augusta, I would, Augusta would lose so much of its shine. So much of its stature for me. Nah. I would, the second they invite me, I'm like, that's kind of gross. You guys, you guys are doing too much. Okay. I'm, I'm Hank You want to fuck the Masters, but you would. Yeah. Okay. Max, would you I'm never, max would Never, I won't even, I won't even play on this show. I'm that bad. But you would if you were Asked.


I would not If you were asked to play at Augusta. That sounds like he wants to play. What? I don't wanna play, If they asked you to play at Augusta on a fucking random day in July, I don't even know if it's Open in July. I think it's closed. Yeah, it's closed In July. Whatever. Whenever it's open, some Jeffrey Lu calls you up and says, max, you're my number one guy. Well, I mean j do You want to go play Augusta with me? Well, that's how it would've to be. 'cause it'd have to be some like crazy rich dude. But that wouldn't be to play at Augusta. That would be to play with Jeffrey Lord. So Jeffrey Lu says, Hey Max, I I'm not gonna make it, but I want you to play in my, in my place at Augusta. Well, that would be big Dom asking me. Or would it be Big Jam?


I don't, I don't know who that is. That's A good question. I would never play. Okay. Yeah. I I'm not, I I would never play Also say like, I'm too bad at Golf. Sydney Sweeney were to DM me. Like I, like I would never go out there, but if she DM me, I would go out with there too. Yeah. Same If she DMed you. She's like, do you want to go out on a date? Yeah. Yeah. I would. That would be good for the show. Yeah, It'd be good for I would approve of you Doing that. It'd be really good for the show. You should work on that. Yeah. It would be better for, it would be better. I work just as hard as that. As as playing at Augusta. What do you think is I'd like to win the lottery. Sydnee Sweeney. Never Gonna, you think Sydnee Sweeney DMing you comes 50 50 outta nowhere and being like, let as fuck is more likely than, than Augusta thinking like faster than That play.


I think she'd, she'd want to, you know, go on a date, make sure we have chemistry, but yeah. Yeah, yeah. No one plays at like Way more likely. Yeah. You work on the, at the number one sports podcast in America. You think it's more likely that Sidney Sweeney fucks you than Augusta invites you? I Kind of agree with them. No one plays at Augusta. Yeah. It's Impossible. I kind of agree with them. I listen. Nobody fucks Sidney Sweeney either. Well, someone does. I think it's, I I'm kind of on p fts side here. Yeah. It's in, I think that's, You guys don't know. Listen, both, both are very unlikely Hot. Hank is, Hank doesn't even wanna watch the masters. That's true. Yeah. I'm over for two on on the 50 50.


We're four Cubs games in. You probably didn't buy that many tickets though. Yeah, I probably didn't buy that many tickets. They, you know what? Here's another thing. If we're ranting Max, the 50 50 now they don't print out all your numbers. You just get one number. It's bullshit. It six. What does that Even mean? You have to check a website. I get. I don't And You're like, oh, I lost, I, I spend th like 200, $300 every time they gimme one number. I don't understand it. I feel like I'm getting robbed. Do they give you like from this number to this number? No. No. There's one number. I don't get it. I don't understand what changed. They're robbed. They're, do You think I've just Got robbed? I think you're getting robbed. Fuck. I think you're getting robbed. I'm gotten robbed. Make that make sense. At the Blackhawks game, I think I bought 300 bucks worth of 50 fifties.


They sent me an email. Yeah, there's QR Code too. I get, yeah, I get an email with a bunch of numbers and then I click a button and then it takes me to a website that tells me that I lost the 50 50. Yeah. I'm like, I paid $300 to read a website. I Also don't think that you should be able to buy 50 fifties if you're not at the game. Agreed. That's bullshit. I would, I would never wanna win a 50 50 if I wasn't there. Like I get people will send me like, oh, this 50 50 you can buy. It's like, dude, I gotta be there for the record. I have to go to the game. I Would like to win a 50 50 at a game that I'm not at. I'll never enter. But in, in theory, I would like to get an email being okay. Not Me. I guess actually in theory I would too. Yeah, you probably, but I wouldn't count it as my 50 50 win. Right. You'd just be like, I, I got, I just won a lot Of money. I got paid money. Yeah. Yeah. Not I won the 50 50.


It Would be kind of like, not pointing fingers in here, but like someone in this room saying that they've gotten the lottery ball when they clearly have not because it was someone else's lottery ball. That kind of situation. Like, if I wasn't at the game, I'm not gonna count it. Well that never happened. Yeah. PFT just got it. Yeah. I nailed it. And memes still has not. Well, I, I got It twice. Hey, what's gonna happen first me win the 50 50 or memes get the lottery ball. What do you, I'm gonna say Big Cat win the 50. Do you think Hank is going to impregnate Sidney Sweeney or memes is going to get the lottery ball first? Mm. Better chance for Hank. Hank Lee does butt stuff though. Hank is fucking good looking.


Thank you. My guy. Look at him today. He's wearing his Augusta green. Not really, but yeah, Green. Yeah. You are Six pack coming. It is. I can't wait. Is it, is it gonna be, is it arriving before or after the dunk? Before. Oh, okay. So you're going six pack then dunk. Yeah, I'm going six pack summer and then once summer's over, I'm going, I'm gonna fully go back in dump because Predates the dunk. Yeah. You said you were gonna get a six pack like three years ago. Yeah. And the time has come. I think we all said that. Yeah. Now is there gonna be a real six pack or is it gonna be just like, oh, you got the dick dick bones. We'll see. I mean, it might be like, you know, camera angles and stuff, but Okay.


Something Will be there. Okay. We'll have Sydney Sweeney come and judge. Yeah. If it's a real six pack or not. Okay, let's do Hot Seat. Cool throw. And then we'll get to our interviews with Max Homa and Shane Bacon.


Hot Seat, cool throws brought to you by our friends. A truly, truly unruly lemonade is here and it combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's out now. Level up your lemonade. 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors. Bump and blue Raz OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple wild pink. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you, or visit truly hard seltzer.com. It's about to be summer. It's about to be warm weather. There's nothing better than lemonade. Actually. There is truly unruly lemonade. 8% a BVA hundred percent delicious. Level up your lemonade this summer. It's official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you, or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


Henry, My Hot Seat is human society. Oh shit. I had this too Dire wolves. Yeah. Yeah. I had dire wolves too. We all had dire wolves. I actually put cats in my Hot Seat. But human society is good too. Romulus and ramus. Andi and Lesi, The world's first de extinct animals. Born October 1st, 2024. They've been extinct for 10,000 years. And scientists used like old DNA from fossils and just remade dire wolves. That seems bad. So yeah, the, the source I saw said that they used DNA, that's like it, somewhere between 10,070 2000 years old to recreate these wolves.


Why? But then, but then Hank, I dug a little bit deeper and went to a better source. Alex Jones and Alex Jones says that the wolf resurrection story is tied to gain of function, bio weapon research. Oh. So I don't know if we should be so pumped up about these dire wolves. Then I actually went back and read a real source and they said that with these wolves, they took gray wolves and then they altered their genetics. So it's not like they're getting old DNA and just like duplicating them. They're taking existing gray wolf, DNA and then going in and fucking with it. I mean, that's, it's playing on the apes. I, Well, I Isn't it drastic? I've never a Jurassic, I've never seen Juss Park, Jurassic Park playing in Juss Park and Planet of the Apes. Is it more Jurassic Park? More? I think it's more, the entire plot of Jurassic Park was, there's a, a zoo And we found Dino, DNA and bingo, Dino, DNA.


It's bad. This is really bad. Why are we doing this? I'm okay with it because it does bring us closer to potentially doing an actual Jurassic Park, which I think would be, which Would be bad. That'd Be a great idea. Really bad. You wouldn't go to a Jurassic Park. I didn't go to see the movie. Yeah. But in real life, if, if there's a zoo and it's like, we gotta fucking T-Rex and then over here we got triceratops and you could pet the triceratops, you'd say, not for me. I think I'd just look from afar and by afar mean on my phone. Jurassic Park is one of those things that it, it's a piece of art and it's a book in a movie that's supposed to warn us about the dangers of playing God. To me, when I see that, I'm like, we should do that.


I want to, I want see Dinosaur in real life. I think I'm good with the dire wolf. I don't really wanna fuck with the dire wolf. Im cool with it. You can eat horses. Yeah. I, it makes no sense. Although, cool and Game of Thrones, but that's Game of Thrones. That's Game of Thrones. I don't want real life to be Game of Thrones. I actually didn't know that Dire wolves were a real thing outside of Game of Thrones. Me neither. Till I saw, I thought it was like a parody thing. I thought I was reading like a Game of Thrones Twitter account and I was like, oh, this is, this is real. Yeah. This is bad. Wait, you, you actually wouldn't go to a Jurassic Park. I didn't see The movie. No, but I'm, you wouldn't go see a fucking dinosaur. I'd Have to see the movie first, and I'm not gonna see the movie. I would go see Raptors. It'd be sweet, man. I'd Feel like, like a fraud going to the Jurassic Park without seeing the movie first.


I'm the biggest loser. I've only seen Jurassic World. I've never seen Jurassic Park. That's worse than never seen Jurassic. Yeah. I'm actually the same. Really? Oh shit. Shit. I love that. Love that. Yeah. I mean, I've had this, this theory. People know Plane, aws. No. I had this theory that everyone has one or two of these movies. We did a Mount Rushmore last year of just one or two of these movies you just didn't see. And you just haven't seen. And you probably won't see. I'm gonna watch it. It shocks everyone. I'm gonna watch it. That's prom. That's promise to you. I, I don't care. Yeah. I'm well, I'm, I'm telling you. Were You promising me The listener? Oh, that's a Promise. You, I was like, I, you were looking right at me. Like, I don't give a fuck if you watch it or not. Didn't we say when we did the Mount Rushmore, that whatever we put on our Mount Rushmore, we were making a promise to never see.


I didn't put that on my Mount Rushmore. Put Mount Rushmore. I would not be seeing it. My cool throne is Kaitlyn Clark. Mm. A video footage released of her scoring 22 points in two minutes against an Iowa Men's Scout team in scrimmage. She was hitting like half court runners with a hand in her face. It, it looks like ai, it looks like one of those, like old commercials, you know, like Michael Vick LeBron, when they shoot from full court or, or throw a football through the roof. Like she was just pulling up contested basically at half court. Swishing everything. Yep. Amazing. Ultimate cool throne.


Yeah. Also The ratings are like, yeah, I think it was 10 million less for the national championship this year. And that's why clips like that. Yeah. I mean, she's insane. I still think Paige Becker's gonna be a better pro. No, Kayla Clark's Really Good. I know, I know. She, I think Paige is gonna be better. I'm a Juju guy. See if she gets back from her ACL. Yeah. These shots are insane. Absolutely insane. Imagine being one of these guys that plays, 'cause these guys who play against the women's team are good basketball players. Yeah. Like, they're like guys who are good in high school. Actually, actually it looks like Max is playing center there. I don't know about that. There's a lot of headbands out there. Yeah. Yeah.


Now that I'm looking at it again. Yeah, that's Max playing center. The guy wearing like three shirts and sweating through all of them. Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, these are impressive shots no matter who was playing on defense. Yes. Agreed. Okay. PFT your Hot Seat. Cool. Thrown. Yeah. I mean, Hank, Hank stole my, my Hot Seat two. Good job, Hank. Thank you. My cool throne is Jinxes. 'cause I, I jinx myself on Monday's. Part of my take hard, hard during the Uber Eats ad read saying it had been like four, four and a half, five months since I've ordered the wrong place. Oh, did he? I came in on, on Monday and I ordered my lunch to my house. Hank by the way, Hank just got up and left in the middle of an episode.


You'll see when we start to interview Shane Bacon. Yeah. Later on in today's episode, he walks in and he does the nicest, most casual little stroll. Like he's out for a Sunday walk to get to pick up the paper at the end of the driveway. Have you ever seen the movie Signs? Yeah. Remember when the alien comes by? Yeah. For the first time. Yeah. That's what Hank yeah, that's what Hank does across the camera. And then he sits down and, and Max is like, what's going on? Then Hank gets mad at Max. You get mad at him for telling him, Hey, we started the interview already. He looks at his watch, like you guys are are the one who We started, I think a minute early maybe. And he was like, I thought we were starting at nine, I think maybe 30. He said, I thought we were starting at 9 45. And when he texted me it was 9 45. What, What is something on fire? His, his, his car better be on fire the way he just walked out.


Mid-sentence on you. He Did just say, he texted us saying One second. Sorry. PFT. That was rude. It was, I mean it is not rude because I, I've come to expect this from That's true. That was mid, literally mid-sentence. He just stood up and left. He's like, I got done talking about the video that I saw Dave tweet earlier and an article that I saw somebody else retweet yesterday. So I'm gonna get up. My job here is done. My Job's done. See you guys. Where the fuck is he? Oh shit. What am I gonna talk about for Hot Seat? Let me see what Dave said. Alright. Yeah. I'll just say what he said. Oh, He's he's gonna be so upset that this is this conversation. Yeah, well It say, I mean you can't spot to lie. Leave right in front of us and expect us to be like, oh, okay. If he had said something to us like, Hey, I gotta go.


Shit. Alright. He's probably jacking off. So you did the Uber thing again? Oh, actually all that masters talk. Yeah. So I, on Monday I, the very next meal that I had after I made the statement of what the hot streak I've had. Yeah. Just sent it to the wrong place and it's, it's it my house still because I brought it in when I got home. That's such a sad thing to bring inside. Yeah. You're the front door and here's a a six hour old lunch. Yeah, that's tough. And you just bring it inside and put it and stare at it for the rest of the day. Don't say anything. 'cause I'm gonna use it as my Hot Seat 'cause he's Stole mine. Okay. So that's my, my cool throw is jinxes. So reset the, the counter to zero. Yeah. Alright. My Hot Seat is Hank. What was that? I said sorry, But what, what happened?


I like, someone was calling me like three times in a row. I thought it was an emergency. Who was it? My buddy Jack said I didn't know what was going on. I said, Sorry, is Jack okay? Yeah, it Was, we thought there was like a car on fire. I would've said it's an emergency. I just didn't want, did you want Sex? We also talked about the fact that you walked sonar right in front of the camera to start Shane Bacon. We, I walked at, at four whatever, 9 44. And you, the interview was, had started, Max has timestamps to say differently. That's not what I said. That's not what I said. When did he text you? I literally said exactly that. I said the interview started in one minute early. One minute early. Yeah. I was confused.


I thought I was like 15 minutes late. 'cause you guys were in, in, in rhythm. Is everything okay? Everything's fine. I said one check one would've said it's Emergency. What did? No, I said I'm gonna call him back. I thought it was an emergency. I Didn't get the text until after you had left. And I was like, that was, Yeah. We were her. That was A confident. She told us in the last five minutes. I, I pre, I said one second. Sorry. That's like On text. Yeah, you did. Alright. That was my Hot Seat. 'cause I was dire wolf too, so thanks. Actually you know what? Credit to Hank. He gave me a Hot Seat. Yeah. What? I didn't, I needed one. Yep. I appreciate that. You're welcome. What about Hot Seat? Drake? May because the Boston media is asking if Drake May is a little bit of a diva getting Joe Mil outta town, The Boston media.


What happened? You're, You are the Boston Media false. What happened? Nothing. They're, it's, they're looking for clicks. This is like a tale as old as time. I think Joe Milton wanted an opportunity to compete for a starting job. Drake May doesn't make personnel decisions. I miss this. This is an actual story. No, Drake or, or Joe Milton's not, this is very funny because it's not like Joe Milton's been in the league for like five years. It's like, it's my time. This isn't like a Steve Young Joe Montana situation. I think he would, he would like a, a place where he can compete to be a starter potentially at some point. I don't know. Yeah. I don't, I feel like if he goes to okay in his wildest dreams if Dak gets injured, which probably that would never happen.


But if it did and he got in and he played awesome, you could see a world where the cowboys would be like, we're gonna go with with Joe Milton down the line. Right. If Drake may got banged up out for like four weeks, no chance he loses his job. You Guys are delusional about Joe Milton. I, I am not. I think Joe Milton stinks. I I love watching Joe Milton. I'm delusional about Joe Milton. Yeah. I'm, I am knowingly delusional. It's different. Shane saying you, you think he's good? I think he's fun. He's so Fun. But he's not good. We never said he was good. We said he was fun. Yeah, He But when he's but when He's good, don't. Very good. Don's even fun to, I don't even think he's good enough to be fun. Oh he is. When he throws the ball and it go, dude, he threw an orange 106 yards.


I saw it and then he threw it and then he threw an orange, 106 yards on a five yard out. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. That sounds fun. That sounds fun. Yeah. I wish he wasn't on the Cowboys. Me and PT had I also bet on him had offline conversations about this. I bet on him the game that he went outta bounds at the end. That was tough. That, that I'll never think he's fun From. That was not fun. That was not fun thing that he did. But what he, when he just lets it rip. Yeah. Alright then my cool throne, PFT alluded to this with our Shane Bacon interview, but the cool throne is the master's food because the worst person you know, has come out and said that it stinks Revelle. This was like four or five days ago. He said, spoiler alert talking about the master's food, it tastes as good as the price.


Not a single item outside Augusta National will get any attention on its merits alone. There I said it. Thank god he said It. Thanks Darren. Oh, needed that. So, so this reasonably priced, I dare I say even affordable sandwich that you can buy at, at the best golf tournament in the world at tastes very good. Is not like Jose Andre's chef quality. Okay. Yep. You know, you know what? All the worst teams have the best food. Yeah. The White Sox Didn't the have Incredible food. Didn't what Coastal Carolina said. Free concessions for the entire year. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. Let people enjoy things. Yeah. I just, just the worst.


He really is the worst. It's really hard to like make the masters not fun. He found a way to do it. You think Revelle has like a 40-year-old barbecue sandwich from Augusta? Like in, in a glass case in his collectibles room? Probably. Definitely. Or maybe like probably a piece of the tree that almost killed someone would be more up his alley. Yeah. Yeah. If there's been a death in Augusta, he's definitely got the death certificate there. Have this person died in Augusta I think. Wait, was it the dude that, like one of the first guys that started it killed himself in one of the lakes There. So he's got his noose. Yeah, he's got the he's got the bullet. Yeah. Okay, let's get to our interviews. We've got Max Homa and then Shane Bacon talking more masters.


Before we do that.


Hey dude. Hey dude. Have you tried Hey dude shoes. Yet they're unlike anything. If you're on the hunt for your most comfortable pair of shoes, you've arrived at your destination. Hey dudes are the ultimate slip-on shoes. A lightweight, breathable, and ridiculously comfortable. We're talking cushioned insoles that feel like little pillows under your feet. Give you the support you deserve and the comfort you crave with so many styles. Hey dude has the perfect shoes to slip into every day. Find your perfect pair@heydude.com.


Okay. Here he is, our good friend Max Homa. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very special guest. Our good, good friend. It is tradition, it's masters week. So we have Max Homo with us. Max, thank you for coming on. Thank you for always showing up for the pod. I guess my first question is how are you feeling? I'm feeling good about the Dodgers. Sorry lot of you didn't let me finish about the Dodgers. Oh, we just lost a series, dude. Like that's just unacceptable. Damn. It's really unacceptable. They shouldn't ever lose a series. So pretty devastated to have lost our second game of the season.


Hopefully 160 and two is still alive. Yeah, It'd be nice Show. Hey is pretty damn good. That's gotta feel good. Fuck dude. He's so good. I was thinking about it. There's so rare that there's an athlete that has hype in certain games and actually like pulls it off. Bryce Harper does it a lot but Shhe like last year he needed, I think it was like two homers in a steel to get 50 50 or something. He had the greatest baseball game of all time. Yeah. And then last week or early this week, he had his own Bobblehead night. Bottom of the ninth first pitch. Sent it walk off. It's just like, how the fuck do you do this? Yeah. It's get a great sense of the moment. Yeah. And congrats on your Lakers by the way.


All all things coming up Max Dude. Other than my own golf game, this shit is fucking on fire lately. Everything every maybe I needed to suck for my, my, my teams to thrive. I know Hank's enjoyed watching LeBron. It's been quite the ride this season. I did not think they were gonna be that good. So this is kind of shocking. Yeah, Yeah. Alright, so how, how, how, how's everything else going? I know it hasn't been the best start to the year. I actually have some things to, to pick you up if you want. If you want me to, if you want me to just hop, hop right into it Dude. Hop in. Okay. Alright. So I was looking it up. I have three different publications that called you a Star or Superstar.


So the Daily Express said PGA superstar splits up with Caddy on Eve of Masters as statement issued then the Irish Star said masters star issues emotional statement after splitting from Caddy days before August. We can just pretend the other stuff isn't happening with just the Star is what we're fo focusing on. And the Mirror US said PGA tour star splits with long-term caddy just days before Masters. So that's pretty cool. And those are three massive publications. Yeah. So they are, I am subscribed to all three, twice each. Yes. Yeah, no, that feels good. Okay. All those that was, those are great headlines Also.


Also I did some deep dives into some stats. Do you know that this year at the Valero, your last round that you played at the Valero, which is the tournament right before the masters, you actually drove the ball farther than your last round at the Valero last year when you went and finished third in the Masters and higher driving accuracy this year than last year in your last round at the Valero. And last year, your last round at the Valero, you shot a 70 this year. 71. So kind of right there. Yeah. I've honestly been looking for some momentum and I, I can't lie. That is absolutely what I've been looking for. The only hard difference is my last round of Valero last year was on a Sunday and this year was a Friday Last round.


You missed the part where it was The round detail round. I'm not A detail guy. Last round is last round. This is what I've been missing. Yeah, You're a superstar. That's like actually you could say playing your best golf right now and You're probably exhausted last year because you had to play twice as much golf the weekend before. True. Good point. That's dude all season. I don't think people, people use this chestnut checkers things way too liberally. I am actually doing, I am the freshest person here. I have not played a weekend in over like a month and a half and I, I have been getting more rest, more time on my couch. Like all these guys are gonna be exhausted by the time the tournament comes and I'm just cruising on it. I love that. Yeah. So this might be a dumb question, but if we're trying to find silver lining here, are you at a point where you're able to just say fuck it this week?


Like are we gonna see fucking Max? My wife kind of pointed out, she goes, this kind of just feels like a golf tournament this year. Yeah, I think Yeah. Does. There's not a whole lot of hype Yeah. For myself. So maybe it is just fly under the radar. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's a good spot. Yeah. Also, here's a little tip for you. If things don't go well this week, just get your kid and put him on, on your lap for your interview. Use him as a human shield. That always works. Work for Nick Siri. I have, I have, have learned that from Siri. The the press conference is genius. I wrote it down. I said, if you ever struggling human shield the kid, he'll he won't remember. He is too young. Right. So I think that's, that's that's always a play.


Yeah. Yeah. Hank you have a question? He does later you Were, you were getting real, Hank was getting real close to the mic with an open mouth. So that's my cue that maybe, I mean, I have Questions. I can wait. Yeah, he's gonna wait. He has a couple questions. All right. So let's talk about it for real though, because obviously it hasn't gone great. You're split with Joe sucks. Like, I, I mean I don't want to like have you talk like at length about it, but like how does that, how did that conversation go? I had to have sucked. You guys have been childhood friends, you've been together forever. But was it something that like you kind of felt like, all right, I gotta change something. He probably feels it. We both feel it and it just like this, just the part of the game. 'cause everyone kind of goes through this. Yeah. First and foremost I didn't do it.


So that, that was hard. I wasn't like massively shocked 'cause it's obviously been really hard on him, but it's just, it's, it's tough. But I always promised that we were like friends first and if he didn't want to do it, like he obviously like, I'd rather be his friend than, than like stretch something out and like maybe we resent each other or whatever. So looking back now, it was tough the first few days to like process. But looking back, like I, I'm glad that, you know, he stepped up and, and did what he wanted to so that, you know, we won't, we don't have any like ill will against each other.


So I think that was good. But I mean, it does suck. Like the dude is one of my favorite people on the planet. We've made like some awesome memories. So you don't ever wanna like sell that, but it, yeah, it is just, it's, I guess it's just the ebbs and flows of like life in this game and it's stressful and, and I think a lot of it, you know, we, we get shown so much and you know, we're making bogies and birdies but like there's a, we have a teammate that's going through it as well and they don't have near as much control over. If I'm doing well, he could have the best week of his like career as far as just like saying the right things and doing everything right. But if I'm not executing, it doesn't reflect well on him.


And you know, I there that's, it's a tough job and, but it does, it just sucks. But like I said, it, it's, I'm proud and and happy that he spoke up when, when he felt that because you know, you don't wanna, like I said, drag some on and ruin our relationship for, I mean it's been 28 years I've known him so now we can just go back to, to being boys playing golf at home and I still wanna beat his ass when we play at home. So yeah, nothing's really changed too much. I just might see him a little bit less. Was, was there a part of you in the first couple days after where you like wanted to send him a text being like, why couldn't you just cheated on me? Like, why couldn't I call you with like another guy's bag or something like that would've been easier that way.


Yeah, honestly. Yeah. That would actually have been pretty awesome. Just he, he actually caddied the weekend at the players and, and I had to see it on tv like, I caught you bitch Makes A little less messy now your new caddy. How's he with like, people like, I don't think, I think the awls don't yell anything anymore, which I hope they, they've fallen in line, but have you given him any briefing with that? I have not. I I'm, I got, I, there was a great, great a WL like contingent last weekend San Antonio and I heard, you know, some spicy meatballs and I keep waiting for him to ask me, but I'm gonna wait for him to ask before I bring it up.


This week won't be a good one for him to know. 'cause I don't think anyone's got the guts to yell here. But next week, next week is the two year anniversary of that lady calling me a pervert and Joe wanted to lose his mind. That's when he started his hiatus against you guys. So I think, I think we might have some explaining next week, but I'm waiting for him to ask. Okay. That's smart. Yeah. What, what's the process like for finding a new caddy? How do you evaluate the guy and be like, I think I think you could work with me. Yeah, it's kind of messed up 'cause like I like, you know, since it wasn't obviously, like I said, my idea, I hadn't really like, thought about it at all. I called, I, I thought about it for a while. It's kind of a weird time of year 'cause like this doesn't, it's not, you know, sometimes in the off season there's like a always seems to be like a mass exodus and there's some shifts going on.


But I called Bones who's like one of the greatest caddies, if not the greatest caddy of all time. Legend won bunch of majors and all that. And I called him for advice. I was like, what, what do you think I should do? Who should I hire? And he mentioned my caddies Bill Harkey. And he's like, I think you should call Bill. And I've actually had Bill filled in for Joe once when Joe had something going on a year or two ago. And I don't, it just had slipped my mind. So it was like perfect advice. So gave Bill a call. Fortunately he was free and yeah, last week obviously didn't go great with the, the, the actual scores. But I thought the vibe was really good. We got along, it's tough 'cause he's a Bay Area guy so he likes the Giants Oh.


And the Warriors. So that's like a bit of a, of a clash. But it does give me a reason to like talk shit to 'em. And I think I am at my best, but I'm talking shit. So I need, I need my teams to keep being good and the giants to keep sucking. Although they're kind of good this year. And I think that might, that might, that might be like the catalyst. Yeah. Did the, did the thought cross your mind? You know, Jersey Jerry's got some cadding experience? No. So no. Ever since he dmd me Matt wait, What? He out, What'd he say? Remember I think I'd text you Big Cat. He, he DMed me. He goes, Hey Matt would love to cat for you some kind. And I texted you something about Gary text messaged me and you're like, oh, I did tell him that you go by Matt.


That Actually sucks. It's pretty out on. Yeah, he nice guy, funny guy. I don't think we would, we would work too well together. He, he seems, he seems like a liability. Yes. Inside the rub. At least at Augusta there's just no, no way they'd let him in here. No. Yeah. Can you vape at Augusta? That's, that might be a breaking point for him. I don't know. I think all the, any question you have Jerry would find out within the first day on Monday. Yeah. Yeah. You also like, it would definitely by day two you would have to carry your own bag. 'cause Jerry would be like, my legs hurt Too much. Like I'll still, I'll still be here With you. That's a fact. Yeah. Alright, so, so and obviously the the, the game we're, we're working on stuff. Is it there you made a lot of changes 'cause you have the caddy change, you changed, you changed your swing coach, right?


Yeah, I've changed damn near everything. Yeah. It's been chaotic clubs, coach trainer, caddy clothes. Okay. I kept my beard. Yeah. Somebody told me to, to shave, go back to the mustache. They thought that might fix it, but I just thought that that was just too much. That, that that would be one, one change too many. Yeah. Just A soul patch that would also bring back the pervert comments. Exactly. I I just, I feel like that's dying down and I just can't, I can't make that. Although, although when that was going on, I was playing pretty fucking well. So Joe don't Yeah. Listen, I'll Just, I don't wanna bring it back and then, but it just, I mean If you want to, It's like I sacrificed it and it it was, it went, it went Wrong.


Yeah. If it, listen, we, we can hit the nuclear code but we're not going to, but you just tell us if you give us the work, I think I need that pressure on me to play well without having to hit that button because I don't want that at all. Yes. But like, just maybe I need to know that if that, if it comes to it like we might need to do it. Maybe that will motivate me better than just supporting my family and eating food. Yeah. We're, we're happy to threaten you with that as much as you need. Just, just know that we might do it. We might go like Hank might go rogue and be like, okay, it's time to let's go back to the old us. Let's, let's go New. Yeah. I gotta, I gotta tell y'all a story. I, I don't think I've told you guys.


I think it was last year at Bay Hill is the tournament, it's Arnold Palmer's tournament and every year we get there, I'm always like reminded from his stories how good he was with the fans. And sometimes, you know, I can get my head down. I hope I haven't told you guys this already. And so I was like, you know what, I'm gonna do better. I'm gonna, you know, be more open, you know when I'm playing and whatever. And on Wednesday I'm signing autographs, walk into between holes and this, this older guy comes up, he goes, Hey, do you mind signing something for my son and I, you typically don't personalize stuff 'cause one you can just write their name on it and they will never know it wasn't me. But he asked me to do it and I was like, you know what, I'm gonna turn a new leaf. So I said, yeah, what's your son's name? And he says whatever. And I write dear him and then his dad's like, yeah, can you just say, you know, happy birthday so and so from your fav favorite pervert.


And I'm like writing all this as I go and I get to that and I just stopped. I'm like, here you go man. Like did you hear what you just said? Like to an adult? And I just like had to leave. I was like there that, that, that shows you why you don't, you don't turn new, you fucking keep, keep it the same. That's incredible. So, alright. So the guy was 60. He has no idea what he's, what's going on. He had to like, you didn't even second guess his son. Oh, that's amazing. So, so with all the changes, are you, do you feel, I I I've read some of the stuff you talked and, and the one thing that I always give you credit for, it's like you were very open about what you're going through and trying to figure it all out. Do you feel like you're starting to turn a corner with all this change? Because it is a lot of change?


Yeah, the change actually hasn't, it's just been the swing changes and like, it it's complicated like to explain because I mean, people think I'm crazy. I think my wife thinks I'm nuts, but it feels incredible. Like, it, it, it, it feel it's felt better and better every week. There's little things in like tournaments that it's just, I don't trust things and like I have new misses and you know, golf is, you know, the cliches, it's a game of misses. So you kind of play off like, you know, I typically always miss the ball, right? Like my whole career and now it's been less of that. But I have like this, it's like a subconscious fear of right. So it's like trying to just get comfy. But like I literally, I just played the front nine at Augusta about three hours ago.


I had the craziest day ever. I shot like seven under and nine holes shit. And like I know it's, I know it's in there, but I've been doing that a decent amount just in practice. Like last week my practice Monday to Wednesday was a joke. And then I go out there and I'm four over through four in the tournament when it matters. So all this to be said, it does feel good, but I mean obviously it's gotta show up and when it actually matters at some point. But it's not for lack of effort and I don't mind, you know, talking about it and being vulnerable about vulnerable about it. 'cause I do know that, you know, some people like to just play it cool and, and you know, just avoid it. But I do think that you owe stuff to the fans at times and I've been really lucky to have some pretty awesome support from everybody.


Especially, you know, through you guys and the a WL. So I don't, I mean it doesn't like hurt me to talk about what I'm going through. I know I'm trying my ass off to not suck. Yeah. And I do think that's important, but it does suck to suck. So at some point, hopefully this flips around, hopefully this week I didn't necessarily prove I could win as you always ask about the sermon, but I can Sure shit get third. Yeah. And third sounds okay right about now. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it sounds like we're close if you're shooting seven under on a practice round. Yeah. Just from dying. That's moving. We're very close man. Yeah. And also I would imagine like I, I know obviously you have to do it on the weekend and, and you have to do it in the tournament, but I would imagine that it's a lot better of a problem when you know that you can do it in practice and then it's maybe not showing up versus like if you just sucked in practice too.


Yes. That would probably be like, holy shit, do I just suck at golf now? That was, that was kind of the whole thing of last year at like, pretty much after Augusta, right after May, like every week my practice wasn't very good. I wasn't playing well at home. And it felt like when I got to the start of the round on Thursday, like I, I was, if it didn't go well, like I kind of knew it wasn't going to 'cause I just like didn't really feel good about it. I could piece some things together here and there, but it wasn't good. And then kind of early this year through like the middle of January, it felt similar where just as like is just didn't feel great and then it clicked around, it clicked at the waste management in Phoenix again, I, I grasp, this all sounds crazy 'cause I've missed all these cuts since.


But I started to feel good and when I was home it felt good and some practice rounds were really good and like, definitely haven't felt like that. It's more frustrating I guess in a way. 'cause when I do go to Thursday, I'm like super jazzed to play and then I, I bogey the first few and I'm in the same exact spot. But I see the light at the end of the tunnel. I just think the tunnel's like really, really long, like way too long. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I listen, I, I think you think that you're close and I believe you, so, hey, thank you. I want, I, I want this to be the weekend. That'd be great if this was like the start of the turnaround for Max and That sounds so nice. Think about That. You have to, alright, if you finish top 10, you have to come back on the show on Monday, Dude.


A hundred percent. I'll take that as like a victory lap at this point. Yeah. Alright, deal. So one of the big changes at Augusta this year is the app, the masters app, the best app in sports. I assume that you download the app before you go there. We're gonna get to see every single shot from the range sessions from everybody. Oh, for real. So yeah. So now we're gonna be like, oh he is hitting the ball well at the range. Yeah. And then we're gonna be able to figure out if we wanna bet on that guy or not. In your experience, have you always played the best after you have good range se sessions? Or is it one of those things where you've had the worst range sessions and then gone out there and shot the best round of your life? I've rarely done the ladder. I've had some like, surprisingly good rounds after having terrible warmup sessions, but like arranged sessions but never like the best round.


I also have, you know, had the best range sessions of my life and then gone out and laid an egg. So I'm not a good one to like base it off of. I do know there's some guys, I've seen Justin Thomas do it. I remember he walked off a range in Chicago like four or five years ago at the BMW. And he, I went to go say hi to him and he was white as a ghost and I was like, man, that must've been a bad warmup. And then he went out and shot something like 62 and I texted him like a couple days after. I was like, what the hell dude? Like you look like you were gonna cry. He goes, that was the worst warmup I've ever had in my life. And he ended up winning the golf tournament. I'm not quite like, I can't, I haven't quite done that one yet.


So definitely like I need in a way some kind of good juju as the warmup goes, but I've seen some guys hit some awful golf shots and you go out and you think to yourself, ah, he's, he does an avenue and you look at the leaderboard and he'll be right near the top. So I think it's, it's to each their own on that one. What Do you think about when you're practicing on the range when you're getting ready for a round? Because I, when I go out there, I'm like, I'll hit like four shots with every club and then hope that maybe like two outta the four look like golf shots. They go up. Yeah, they're relatively straight. Then they go like, kind of far. That's what I'm hoping for. What are you doing on the range Forward? Yeah, yeah. Forward's. Good. I'm, I'm similar man. I'll take, I'll take maybe three out of four.


Each club would be good. I should, maybe that's what I should do. PFT is hit each every one of my golf clubs on the range. Yeah. And just start eliminating the ones that aren't working. Yeah, I, yeah, I'm, I'm more like, I, I run through a little bit of technique stuff, but then I, I try to just like, I work my way up towards driver, but I, I try to hit, you know, left to right straight, right to left. And part of it is to like get 'em clean and better. But also part of it is like, if one of those shots feels like shit, try to like avoid it when I'm out on the course and then, you know, fix it, fix it in post for your guys' world. But yeah, so it's just like kind of somebody once said it, you're just kind of getting in the, the engine running.


Like don't look too much into it, try to take some away from it. But like, like you said there, there's days where like my driver feels bad on the range and I'll go out on the course and stripe the first few and, and it, it doesn't matter. So I think not attaching yourself too much to the range session is probably the key, although I'm not the greatest at that. Yeah. Alright, so the other change you made, which I actually am a very big proponent of, I wish I could, I I actually texted you right after I was like, I'm jealous. Yeah. You, you, you're off Twitter. I'm, yeah. Kudos to you. I wish that, thank you. We could do the same. It is our job. You are so stuck. Yeah, it's, it's a little different than like, actually it would be, it would be the same thing if I was like, I'm, I quit golfing and then you texted me like, dude, I'm so jealous.


I wish I could, but, so we, yeah. We can't quit Twitter, but, so you're off Twitter and some things have happened in the last month. So I, I compiled just a list of things that you missed and I, if you wanted to just be aware of them so that way you have a little bit of a base knowledge 'cause you're not on Twitter. Yeah. I didn't even know about this app, so hit Me. Yeah. Okay. Alright. So there's this dude Ashton Hall who does these videos where he, Oh, he's on TikTok. That Guy's a Okay. Alright, so you're on TikTok one of time. So you got him. Yeah, I Saw that guy. Weird thing. Also a TikTok guy. Have you seen the Door Dash guy that he kicks the door dash order? No. And then he gives the door dash person, the Del delivery person a bunch of cash and then he whispers to him, I, yeah, he whispers to 'em I have four dead bodies in my basement.


And then the person just like, the person's like, all right, cool dude. Like you gave me the cash. I'm not gonna tell anyone. They're pretty cool. I'll send you one of those. That one's wild. Yeah. Wild. Wild. Let's see, I saw a guy get trampled to death by an elephant. That was fucking crazy. Yeah. Did the murder stuff on X the everything app has gotten a little, that was definitely a part of the, the departure. Yeah. Yeah. That's part of the everything. Yeah, That's part that is the everything. I guess they're not lying. It's everything. Yeah. Risler threw out the first pitch at the Mets game And Pretty good pitch. I actually didn't see that. Did he do The thing is that he's the he he's the kid right? That does the the josh. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Minecraft is like a big thing. Everyone's just talking about it. There's like brain Rock. I still don't get that. I don't really know what that is. Yeah. Like I'm okay with that too. Yeah. Torpedo bats. Yeah, I've noticed that one. Okay. Nine home runs first game. Yep. You got that one. Could you imagine o tani with a torpedo bat Would be sick? I got my account suspended because I pretended to be hacked. So that happened. Oh, I, I heard, I mean, I do get that on the, on the Pod. Okay. That that one's, yeah, that was, I think PFT You said it was the, the boy who cried wolf, like Yeah, he had, he had pretended to get hacked so much that when he actually got hacked, nobody believed that, that his account actually got shut down. Yeah, it was, it was poetic.


Yeah. And then, and then Rico Bosco drove a Greyhound bus. He, well, he rode a Greyhound bus from New York to San Antonio. You probably missed that because you weren't on Twitter for real. Yeah. Yeah. He lost a bet, so, Oh shit. Max had to be stoked. Yeah. Oh, he was very excited. So pretty much what this exercise was, you've made the right decision. You have missed absolutely nothing. Well, outside of maybe Rizz not a whole lot. Rizz, Riz the Mets game. That one you should have seen Max for the, for the last like three months. We've all been pretending that the SEC sucks at basketball because they have a 500 record. Yeah. So you missed out on that one. That Was huge. You did out On that one. I can't, I can't live in a world where they're, they're good at football and basketball. It's, it's painful it shit. Yeah. Yeah. So you missed nothing. So good job getting off Twitter.


I I'm very Jealous. Thank you. That felt nice. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like when you, it's one of those things where if you leave the internet for an hour, you feel like you missed everything. And then if you leave the internet for a week, you're like, oh, I didn't miss shit. Like, nothing really, you Know how nice it is to have someone come up to me or, or text me a video and be like, look at this video. And me not have to lie and be like, oh wow, so funny. I didn't totally didn't see that three days ago. I knew it before I even opened it. Like it got embarrassing at some point. Yeah. My wife and I talk about the videos now. She'll be like, you'll never believe this. And I'm like, no, you're right. I would not have ever known that instead of lying and being like, oh no, I didn't. I I saw that while I was driving.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. So This, you also get to hear people explain to you internet stories and they, they have to explain to you why they're important. Yeah. And it always takes 30 seconds. I wanna to get the new, whoever the new Grizzler becomes, at some point I want to meet somebody who has to explain that kind To me. Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. That's, yeah. 'cause explaining the grizzler to to common folk is very, it's very difficult to do. It's a, you, you, you can't, it's a, it's a no win. And then if you start to talk about how his dad's not the Costco guy. Yeah, that's, you always have to have that conversation too. It's like, oh, now I get it. That's his son actually. No. No. He has his son. No. Yeah. And, and he's that guy. Hank, do you have any, it's Like quasi adopted this one.


Do you have any questions for our, our dear friend Matt? Yeah, Matt. Hey, what's up big fan? Love What? Just Go a map with a p Matt, love what you're doing over on TikTok. I just had to, you know, my personal golf game, something I've been working on this upcoming season is, is maybe taking more club and having a little more control than trying to hit Love that. The perfect number. And I just wanted to get your thoughts on that going into the air. Good question. That is a great question. That was way more serious than I thought. That's a awesome, that is awesome. There's a saying when it's breezy, swing easy. So just implied, employ that no matter if it's not windy at all. Does any of this have to do with the fact that PFT bombs it by you and then you felt for a while, like you needed to have an ego?


Yeah. Only on the driver, but yeah. Yeah, definitely. I mean it's more, I'm just trying to, I'm trying to eliminate the big mistakes and just try trying to hit consistent shots. What Do you mean only on the driver? Or like, that's the only club that I hit farther than you. Well consist, I mean you can't really hit the other Clubs. No, I that's, that's fair. I quit, I quit playing golf. I'm only focusing on driving. Wait, It sounds like he hits all of the clubs two out of four times. Very well. That's a good point. He also, Yeah, his distance, he, he hits it far, but it's usually like 20 feet over the green. But that's, that's, Yeah. And I always feel awesome. I'm like, damn, I even, I clubbed down on that one and went too far. That's, that's actually the best way to play golf. I've always said Max, that it's way better to suck at golf than it is to be really good at golf.


Because if you, if you're really good at golf, you hit one bad shot and you're like, fuck. And you get super pissed off. I suck at golf if I hit one shot that looks like a golf shot per hole. I'm like, this is awesome. Playing golf is so much fun. Pure joy. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I've been trying to do that. Like, like when I hit a really good shot, I'll just sit there and be and look around at my team and be like, let's just soak that one in. Huh. Yeah. That's Pretty awesome. It's such a, it is such a pure piece of joy. I love it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I do miss that. Hank I think you're on the right track though. I, I respect that you've come to that, that that is how I would say the, that's the road to good is to eliminate the, the big mistakes by not over swinging. I Love that. I like that. Also implying that you're not good right now.


Yeah. I'm not. You're on the road to good. Yeah. Another question, we, you know, you and I back in the day, used to run around for dance collecting win after win in Call of Duty we're back. I saw the map came back. I was, I was curious if you're gonna get back into the game. I'm a hundred percent getting back. I have one more tournament after next week and I will be back. My two of my buddies are coming this week and they're like my crew. I play with Josh and Steven and Zach and Josh text, he's never come here before. And he texted me, he goes, dude is it cool if I bring the Xbox And we game in the living room? I'm like, no dude. That's like straight up not cool. I have my whole family here. I have my wife friends here. I also have to sleep.


So We're like not gonna rip or dance Also like, like outside of like him taking over your rental house in Augusta to play Call of Duty. I would be like, it's not cool because I would just be pissed. I'm not playing with you guys like walking by Your friends. Also, I'll be at practice and they wouldn't even come to the range with me. They'll just fucking be gaming. Yeah. I love that. Flying to Justin. Funny that guy that, wait, well that was Josh who said that? Yeah. Josh Rocks, dude's Rock. Josh, you Josh Rocks, you're welcome to play with Hank Anytime. 'cause that guy were a fucking Right. He's got his priorities set. No, he's, he's priorities. His, his, his his priorities are always in check. He is definitely usually my buddy Steven, he comes every year is my wife's punching bag.


And I guarantee you Josh takes over that this year. So funny. Max, one thing that, that Hank is good at in golf is putting, he's become a good putter and hell yeah. I don't know if we've asked you this question before, but I'm always curious to know, like at Augusta if you dropped someone who's on the road to good like Hank, but maybe a decent putter if, if he got to start every hole at Augusta from the furthest point away from the hole on the green. So he just has to put, yeah. What do you think a guy like Hank would shoot Shit? Like how hard are these greens? They're, they're, if you got to actually place it on, like what's the worst spot you could go to?


Yeah. Yeah. The farthest spot every time. Farthest Or worst depending on the hole. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean shit that, I mean you wouldn't shoot like in the eighties, but How many times do you think you're going off the green? Like a, like more than half Early? I think you would catch on but early you're probably sitting at like a 60 40. No, that's too high. Like a 40, 60 rate. I just think you would three put like a lot and you might sprinkle in a four putt. I do think you would two putt as the day went on. 'cause not every green's crazy. But you would just, I mean that's a thing I would never suggest doing that. That would, that would humble you. That would kill that would, that would suck. Yeah. Like, 'cause you would start on the green and still be making the reason fours a lot.


So that would be tough. Yeah, that'd be a good video. Yeah. Hey Augusta, you let d you let dude, perfect. Go down there with your tennis rackets and yeah. What The hell? Yeah. Laser tag and shit on the fairways down there. Just let he hank putt. Yeah. Let hank putt. I like that. Alright Max, I got one last question. This has been fun catching up with you. We're ready to go. Oh, you have one last question. I I have one more favorite hole. Alright. A favorite hole. Fucking we did this last time. Yeah. But, but do you have a new favorite? I I it can't get stuck in the same position as it was last time, so I'm just gonna say the 13th hole at Augusta. The golf hole. Okay. No, the actual correct answer Is mouth.


Mine's the vagina. Yeah, I know. I, I wrote it down after the last years but just didn't have the guts. Alright, my last question. Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code. Take real questions. So you're, you're competing this week in the masters. PFD and I are actually competing in a similar, you know, tournament. We're in the mini, the Barstool mini golf tournament that is taking place on. Really? Oh, you did that last year, right? Yeah. Yeah. So, so PFDI are on the same team. We're doing teams doing rider cup style. I am a, I am quintessential like start hot and then just slowly like fade away and just become a head case.


Are there any tips for putting and just not being an asshole at the end of the, the rounds like I usually am. I don't know if I'm the right guy to ask. No, you Are. It's it's mini golf Dude. The the best advice for the mini golf thing is just like, be sorry guys. My phone was dying. I'm just on the move be. What the fuck? Hold on guys, we're about to have a, A problem. We'll keep this in. Phone's about to die here, let's try this one by the toaster. Oh no. It'd be funny if Josh was already there and he already, he like fucked up a word. A breaker.


Yeah, he probably short circuit of his joint Dude plugged in. Creativity, dude. Just be creative. Be a kid again. You know, mini golf is for kids. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna become a kid again. I'm gonna become a kid again. Yeah. Do You have any, do you have any like funny one-liners that you can say when you're putting, because I, I feel like I've heard 'em all. There's a always an old guy on the course that's like, that puts like my, my junior prom. All lips, no hole, you know, that sort of thing. Really get the boys laughing out there. That that's, that's a pretty much a banger. There's some like if you hit one it didn't feel great. You say that's or and it goes in a decent spot. You say something like, that's a condom.


It didn't feel great, but it's safe. That's, that's a, that one's, that's a good, usually usually gets a couple chuckles. Yeah. Okay. The junior prom ones like all time though. I don't know really how you beat that one. Pt, you're the jokes guy. I feel like you can make, you should start your own first one. I could. Yeah. Yeah. Tell you what, I'll write a couple bangers for it. I, I think it was actually when we were walking with you at the BMW here in Chicago, there was one of the guys that was in your pro air. Yes. And he said that joke I think four times. Yeah. In six holes. Like he kept saying, but there were different people around him. So he got to do the material again. Yeah, dude. He got to, he got to, he got to live. Like he got to live the, the the, the most genuine laugh Yeah.


Times off the same new people. Yeah. That's the tough part about these programs is they, I mean, golf doesn't have like loads of jokes or lots of funny people And we abuse the same joke over and over, over again. So you should be our hero and please give us a new joke. Yeah. Okay. Left it a foot. Short story in my life. Life. Oh, that's a good one. 'cause it's short. Nice. That'll get some like, you don't want to If Only I had a couple more inches. Yeah. You know what I Mean? Yeah. You don't want, you don't want to have any really funny jokes. They all have to be like, just kind of neutrally funny. You'll Be like, haha. Appropriate. Yeah, yeah. Just like a quick laugh And we move on. Yeah. Okay. They're All like the, did you get that right? Yeah. Like, Have to but need to Repeat it. Look around. You guys get it and then everyone's like, yeah, I'll, I'll get in The lab, but then they take it and do the same thing.


Yeah. So it's all Good. Alright Max, you're the best man. Thank you. And let's go, let's go, let's go fucking shoot some, some low scores at Augusta. Let's talk The fucking world. Yeah, let's Do it. Let's do it. Yeah, You Can do it. Yeah. Just maybe, maybe put like a picture of Shhe in your wallet and just look at him for inspiration. Be like, if he could be so awesome. So can I, would The golf equivalent of shhe be like a guy that can pitch and hit Caddy and golf? Cady and golf, the whole drum. It's a low bar. That's Exactly right. We, we actually discussed that it would be like Scotty Scheffler playing golf both right and left-handed and kicking our ass both ways. Yeah. I think it would just be you guys just not being pussies and carrying your own bag.


It's that low of a Car. Oh, that's actually way simpler and also feels way shittier, but you're actually Oh, It's not being a bitch. Yeah. Yeah. Just carry your bag Or, or, or getting a, a federal investigation. We haven't had one of those I don't think out here, so Yeah. Yeah. We need to branch out. Yeah. Alright. Thank you Max. You're the best man. And yeah, let's, we're rooting for you, so let's go do it. Appreciate you guys. Hey. Hey. I love you guys. Love you Too Max. Love you Too. Max. You gonna be Great. See ya.


Max Homa was brought to you by our great friends over at Brex. Today every company wants to do more with less, but you can't grow a business by slashing costs to drive efficiency and growth. Finance teams and founders have one option. They need a way to get more from every dollar and fast. Meet Brex, their modern finance platform with the world's smartest corporate card banking, expense management, and travel all in one place. They help companies from the fastest growing AI startups to global enterprises with trillion dollar market caps make every dollar count towards their mission. And they're committed to working as hard as their customers do in order to help them drive growth and win. Brex can do things that other providers can't because from day one, they've been focused on reimagining financial services and software to shape the future of business on one AI powered platform. Built from the ground up. They don't just ship features, they solve customer problems using their deep finance expertise in world class discovery, implementation, and support to drive transformational growth. At every stage, they protect customer data and they process $20 billion annually with the highest security protocols and compliance. Earning the trust of 30,000 plus companies. 30,000 plus of the world's best companies use Brex to make every dollar count towards their mission. Join them at brex.com/grow. That's brex.com/grow.


Max homo was also brought to you by 47. The 47 brand hats. I'm rocking my 47 brand right now. It's the fit and quality. The 47 product is top. It's the go-to destination for premium license, headwear and apparel, more than just game day. Headwear 47 has new drops launching constantly for your favorite leagues and teams. They're known for their headwear, but check out the apparel too. They've got the all new foundation line, which is awesome. Options available for your favorite league and favorite team with a variety of silhouettes to find your fit. I'm rocking one of the 47 brand hats right now. Hank Same. You've got your Stella Blue one on every day. Same me too. Only thing I I rock memes. What is that? 47. It's a Super Bowl hat that rocks. Yeah, it's a great hat. It's a great hat. I wear 47 every time I wear a hat. That's just a fact. We've got a, a whole lineup in front of us here on the table. They're the best. Check 'em out 47 brand.com and use code PMT Get 20% off your purchase. Great headwear, but their apparel is really second to none. Check it out. 47 brand.com. Use promo code PMT get 20% off your purchase.


And now here's Shane Bacon. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, recurring guest. It is one of the, it actually is the best week of Golf of the year. It is masters week. We have Shane Bacon here. Shane will be on one of the feeds for masters.com all week. So make sure you check that out. Shane. Masters week. There's nothing better. How are the vibes? Are you in Augusta already? Yeah, in Augusta. Vibes are high weather yesterday. Not ideal, obviously it rained just like all afternoon, all evening kind of rained into the night. But I think the weather, the rest of the week's gonna be pretty epic. So vibes are high. Rory's all fired up.


A lot of players very, very excited about, about what the golf course looks like and how it's gonna play. Obviously had some, some damage from some of the weather, you know, like late last year. But I think the golf course is actually gonna play a little bit better because of it. Okay, I like to hear that. 'cause we were saying like there's nothing that bums you out more than like looking at the forecast and masters week and seeing like a day where it's gonna be, you know, they're not gonna play or the rain's gonna affect it, so that's great. Now let's, I don't know what direction we want to go in. I guess actually the most interesting storyline to me is this does feel, and you can judge this statement, this feels like this is gonna be one of the best chances that Roy McElroy has to win the masters because he is playing really good golf.


Where is it mentally though, because that's kind of it for Rory the last few years where it's, he's, it's not that he's been playing bad, it's that these, you know, tragic things keep happening at the end of championships or big tournaments. Is it, is it there in between the ears for Rory this week? You know, it, it feels like it is. You know, Rory, when he was winning major championships, he was kind of the, the badass if you will, that walked around the golf golf course and I think Rory is such a normal person that as he is gotten a little bit older, he is lost a little bit of that and it seems like it's back this year. I mean just the way, even at the players, you know, he kinda loses the lead late steps up in that playoff and hits like a 335 yard drive ride down the middle and it's like, yo bro, come and catch me now.


So I like the way he's gone about his business this year. I like the way he's talking. He gets very excited about this tournament I think a few years ago. You know, he, he holds that bunker shot and said it's the first positive vibes I've had here in about a decade. And obviously the game is there. I mean I think that's more important even than the middle side of it is. Are you playing? Well he is never won this many times on the PGA tour headed into the masters and I mean I think he's the favorite. You know, you can say Scotty's the favorite. Obviously Scotty's done some epic stuff over the last couple years, but just in terms of playing good golf, Rory's playing as good at golf in the early part of the season as he is ever played. Yeah, Yeah. And stealing people's phones, that's the edge. That's the asshole Rory. That maybe needs to come back Tough to, tough to do it here though. You know, tough, tough spot to steal phones, one's Gonna have one That's true.


That might, that might throw 'em off. But it is maybe the most epic scenery ever to speed away after a disappointing loss. Right? Like just peeling out down Magnolia Lane. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I'm assuming you still have to abide by whatever the speed limit is down that road, but not in Georgia. That's not Kirby Smart would disagree. Yeah, that's true. So I had a, I had a question for you because I saw a journalist that's down there that had a, an interesting take on the scenery and the vibe at Augusta. Wanted to get your thoughts on it. Okay. This individual said not a single food item at Augusta National would get attention where it not for the cheap price. Mm. What would you score that take? It's, it's a, it's a really bad take.


Is that re was that bel that said that? Yeah, that's a dunno. That's A bad one. It's a, it's a pretty brutal one. I mean, you know, like I sit in this booth here for six or seven hours a day starting on Thursday. I will have three pimento cheese sandwiches a day. Likely. That's where I lean. I know you've had a, you've had one before PFT but you know, I, I think the food is great and I think the ice cream sandwich is like one of the best ice cream sandwiches in the world and obviously the prices help, but you'd eat this stuff away from the golf course. You eat this stuff away from the masters. Yeah, It's, it's tough to make a bad pimento cheese sandwich too. So as long as it's fresh then I think think we're Good. It's a cheese case, the deal, like if you mess that up, maybe don't cook. Yeah, Right. It's on you. Exactly.


Go ahead. I, I was just gonna ask you an actual question about a golfer. John Rahm is a guy that I'm keeping my eyes on. Yeah. So according to I think the world golf rankings, he's not playing good golf right now, but when you look at how he's actually been playing, when you watch him play it seems like he's very capable of winning. Do you think that John Rom has a chance to come back and win again? A absolutely. I mean I think he's probably my top three favorites head into this week. Interesting fact about John Rom. He's played 18 live events in his career, never finished outside the top 10. Now you know, it's not as deep fields as you obviously gonna see on the PGA tour at major championships, but top tens are top tens and you're beating a lot of people in that regard. He's played solid this season as well.


I think last year in terms of the way John Rom had to go about his business joining Liv comes to all the majors. He even talked about it today in his press conference. It was awkward. I mean, and it was awkward for him to be answering those kind of pre tournament questions always about why'd you leave and things like that. This year it seems a little calmer for everybody involved. Obviously a lot of stuff on the background happening, but in terms of the players, I don't think anybody really cares anymore where you play, you play live, you play PGA tour, whatever the case may be, come here and and show up and do what you're able to do. And I mean John Rom is the type of golfer, you know, players that play well at Augusta play well at Augusta. I know that seems like a simple statement, but the Jordan speeds and the Scotty Scheffler and the Jack Nicklaus and the Tiger Woods and the Phil Mickelsons, like these people show up whether they're in form or not and they typically have good weeks.


John Rom's one of those players that shows up at Augusta and is going to play well simply because his game fits this golf course as well as anybody in the field. Yeah. The other storyline I thought of was, you know, tiger Woods such a force of nature in golf for the last 20 years, even when he is not playing and he's missed some masters, he's still, you know, talked about. But this does feel like the first year where it's, I don't wanna say it's over 'cause I hope he plays again, but it does feel kind of over where it's like, you know, the Achilles injury and he already was already banged up and the leg problems. Is it do, can you feel that vibe where it's like that force of nature is no longer here and it really is now the young guys and it's Scotty and it's Rory and it's John Rom and all these guys.


Yeah, I mean this is the opposite of the Revelle take by the way Big Cat. This is a very good take on your behalf and I'm proud of you for it. Big J journalism stuff like he sucks up a lot of oxygen at golf tournaments, major championships, whatever the case may be. We don't see him play a lot of golf so when he shows up at the Masters, it's a big deal. People wanna watch Tiger play golf. I have some friends that are coming for the first time this year and the moment he announced the injury it's like, oh man, I was so excited to watch Tiger. That being said, I think the focus right now is so much on Rory, Scotty, everybody else, so many young players as you said, Big Cat can lu big play like he did last year. I think people are kind of anticipating what to see for Max Homa this year at Augusta. Obviously he's not playing his best golf, but he played so well here a year ago. Those players are popular, you know, Victor Hoagland's, popular Zaner, Schley's popular John Rom's popular and I think right now the focus moves away from what are we gonna see from this guy we hadn't seen play golf in eight months to let's watch the best players really when the gun goes off, how they're gonna be able to go about their business.


Yeah, Yeah. Lud vi Ludvig Aber, he played really, really well last year. He had a, a great chance on Sunday until the back nine. Hank says that no he cannot play well at a August. Well No I'm just, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. We gotta put on Hank's mic. Hank disagrees. I Nope, You shook, you shook your head. No fact or fiction. I hank, Hank not gonna win. I'm just curious. No, I I I would like him to win. I'm just curious why his odds have been dropping so much this week. Hmm. Just been playing bad golf, right? Like he's just been missing cuts and he hasn't been very consistent. You know, he's one of those guys like when it's dialed, he's extremely consistent and he is been extremely inconsistent this season. And I think when that's the case, it's hard to dive into a guy considering the way some of the other players are playing.


I mean we mentioned Rom obviously Scotty has improved a bit and he's coming off his best putting performance in like 18 months in Houston. I mean that's a big deal for Scotty Scheffler considering the ball striking. You know, there's Rory and everybody's talking about Rory, even Xander playing pretty well at the Valspar after the injury. I think there's so many players that are quote unquote inform that it's hard to lean on a guy, even if he played well here a year ago. To Hank's point when he is not playing great, those odds are gonna kind of continue to decrease. How much of, how much stock do you put in? Like how the guys are playing going into the masters or is it a tournament where everyone knows the course, everyone's played the course that yeah, you could be playing poorly and then you show up and it's like, hey we we're, we all know this course And we all are ready to go.


Like how much, how much is it current form? I think it's a big deal in terms of just the, the, you talked about the mental side of stuff for Rory. I think it's a huge deal, huge deal for these players because you know, this is the date they circle just like we circle it, right? We're so excited for April, you know, March Madness ends And we roll right into the masters. These players think about this thing for six months, you know, so I think when you're not playing well and you get to Augusta and you're searching on the driving range and you're going through practice rounds hoping to find something, I think that's hard to kind of get into a mental state where when Thursday starts, you know, people don't talk about how tough the first hole is at Augusta, right? I mean you step on the first tee at St. Andrew's or Pebble Beach, you know, it's relatively friendly handshake. Augusta's first hole is one of the hardest first holes in all of golf.


I'd say the only one that really rivals it is where they're playing the US Open this year at Oakmont. Like that first hole kick you right in the tee, just like number one here at Augusta will. So when you're not in form and all of a sudden you know, you're one over through three and you've gotta play the toughest stretch of the golf course four through six, all of a sudden you're four over. It's a hard place to make up ground. So I think current form is as important as how he's played in this event over the years. Okay. So where are we at with Bryson in all this? Because I know that he's still, he's switching his ball, right? Like going in, going into Augusta, he's not sure what ball he's gonna be playing. That doesn't seem like a great time to, when you're like Bryson, you micromanage every single part of your game, not knowing what ball you're gonna be hitting feels like it's a a big red flag for me, but maybe I'm wrong.


What do you think about that? Yeah, I, I don't love Bryson this week just simply because of form. I mean to big Cat's point about Ludvig, I think the same thing really about the way Bryson plays. Now that being said, PFT, he's the same guy that changed his driver before the, of the final round of the US open last year and then still went on to win. So obviously he isn't scared to like change stuff up in the golf bag, but I'm not, I don't love Bryson at Augusta in general. I just don't think it's a great golf course for him. And I don't like him this week simply because of that. It's, there's too many touch shots around the green. There's too many of these little feely shots. Bryson's a power guy, he can overpower Augusta. I mean, you know, they famously said it's a par 67. But I think in terms of how you've gotta go about your business on this golf course and what's succeeded over the years here, guys like Scotty, guys like John Rom great hands around the greens, able to pitch the golf ball when they get in trouble.


I don't think that's Bryson's strength and I think that's one of the reasons that he can struggle. And you know, another thing about somebody like Bryson, he's so technical you can't use any of that technical stuff, not even in practice rounds at Augusta. And I think that takes, you know, an arrow out of his quiver if you will. Yeah. Alright, so, so the touch shots who outside of the usual suspects is a lead at those touch shot shots that gives them a better chance at Augusta? Maybe they don't drive it, you know, as long as everyone else, but who is the touch shot God or, or the guys right now that are, are playing the best around the greens like that? Yeah, I mean the, the best right now modern player, this is not gonna shock you as Scotty. I mean the pitching and chipping is insane. Russell Henley's been great in that department. I think he's gonna be my pick this year for the masters.


I think Russell Henley's kind of, not just a sleeper, but he is having a great year and I think he's one of those guys that can really lean on that part of his game. Great Ball Stryker, which is important. But I like Step Straka a lot as well this week in terms of just players that are maybe away from those top five names that I think are playing in a level of form where they could show up here and do something special. And they've also kind of played well at Augusta before. I'm not gonna take a guy that's finished 50th every time he's been here, but if you finished in the top 10 and you've had a couple of good finishes, I like, I like your chances and I think those are a couple guys off the, you know, you look at the last few winners, it's like Scotty Rom, Scotty Hideki, DJ Tiger, like these are big names. Occasionally you get a Patrick Reed or a Danny Willett or a player like that that wins at the masters.


And I would not be surprised if this is the year that happens. Alright. I have an advanced analytics department in my brain brain of that picks my master's winner and the advanced analytics are just pick your friend. So I'm betting on Brooks again. Can he win it? He can win it. And I I figured you'd ask about Brooks Big Cat so I have something for you. He only fin he, he's has only had one season where he didn't finish in the top 10 in all four majors. That was in 2022. The next year almost wins the masters wins the PGA. So I'm gonna lean, since you're throwing a stat at me, I'll throw one right back at you played pretty poorly in the majors a season ago. But you know, Brooks is one of those dudes that shows up and thinks he's the best player on the golf course.


So I think Brooks played well here before obviously is a guy that believes in what he's doing now. He was just hitting balls on the range a little bit ago and he was kind of hitting these like toe hooks that I do not like. But that's why the range is there. Okay. Yeah. So we can practice it. That's one thing that I, I don't like about being able to see every range shot now on the app is that guys go out there and they fuck around some, they work on new stuff and then you look at that, you're like, oh my God, he's shank everything I gotta bet against this guy. It's like too much information. Yeah, It might be overload. It's a little bit like with the odd stuff now, right? Where you could basically figure out anything that makes your bet seem like the smartest bet in the world. You know? I mean there's a, you know, there's, there's like a million different things that tell you that Florida's gonna win or Houston's gonna win.


Yeah, exactly. So speaking of the course though, what have we done in the past year that has changed at Augusta? What should we be on the lookout? The Trees. Nothing. It, which is, which is a bit of a surprise. I mean they typically tinker a little bit with yardages or new tee boxes and stuff like that and it's pretty much what it was. I mean, outside of the damage from the hurricane, it's gonna be and play how it's played in the past. Now we had all that rain, so it'll be interested to see if it plays a little softer on Thursday into Friday. But I imagine if we don't get the rain that they're talking about Friday afternoon, I think it'll be spicy. Spicy on the weekend. Yeah. What About the trees? Yeah, what about The trees? Somebody here said that Hank said trees. The trees are different There, there's gonna be some different trees.


I mean, obviously like I said, the, the hurricane was bad in this area. I mean some trees came down, but not really any of the affect the golf course. John Rom was at a press conference and he said the one thing he was told he hadn't played the second nine yet in a practice round, but he said the one thing he was told is, you know, 10 is that massive dog like left, right? And like basically all the players these days hit three wood 'cause they can't turn a driver over. And he said he's heard that you can now squeeze it through a little window on the left side and cut it into the fairway. And then the moment he said it, he goes, well they'll probably put a new tree up by by the first round. 'cause I, I said something, but yep. Really outside of, you know, trees behind 15 green that don't come into play. Nothing's really gonna change in terms of the way the golf course plays. Interesting. All right, that's good. Yeah, I like that. I like a little tradition at Augusta.


Yeah. Don't make me learn new stuff every year there. I like to, I like to know the ins and the outs of the course. I just saw this morning they published the Mowing reports. Are you a Mowing Report guy? I I I got that as well. I actually wrote the numbers down for you 'cause I figured you'd like that PFT. Yeah, but I mean when the mowing report hits, you know, it's Masters week, like I'm ready for it, I'm ready to roll. Like what length of the rough, what about the tees? All that stuff is, is incredibly important to all of us nerds. Yeah. Any, any surprises in the mowing report? No. No. The report was pretty solid. It's like they almost know what they're doing, you know, it's almost like they've mowed this place before. Gotcha. Alright, let's, let's talk some long shots, some guys that no one's talking about because obviously it is, you said it, you know, the big names have won this tournament, but if there were to be a name that is not someone that everyone's like, Hey look at this guy's playing great.


Who do you have your eye on? Alright, so he is a long shot in terms of number, not a long shot in terms of history. I think Phil's got a chance. Oh I think Phil has a legit chance this week. He's been playing some solid golf and kind of going back to like what plays well here is a great iron player and somebody that's excellent around the Greens. I think Phil, he finds himself in contention it feels like every two years. So I think Phil, in terms of extreme long shots, I'm a big fan of his number this week. That would be so much fun if Phil was in the mix, that Would be awesome. Yeah. Ah, I need that. You know What I, and I'll tell you this Big Cat, I like a lot of the live guys. Like, I like Brooks, I like Sergio, I like Phil. This is Hank This music to Hank's ear.


He, he's a live head big time. Yeah. I mean they're all playing well. I mean, if you watched a row on Sunday, I mean all the guys hanging around the top of that leaderboard were basically flying up that night to Augusta. You know, it wasn't like the guys that aren't in the field. So I I I would be non shocked if a liv if there were two or three Liv players like tied a top the leaderboard, you know, on, on the second nine because Hank last year, what'd you do? You did all Liv players to finish like top 20 and none of them did? No, no, no. I did did have round robin 10 L players to finish top 20. I needed like four or five to like make money. I think only three or four did. So I I I lost a little bit of money. I didn't make a lot of money, but my thinking is like a lot of the Liv guys have won and the pressure on Sunday for a guy that's won, they've experienced before they know what to do.


They don't feel it as much as a guy that maybe hasn't won before and all of a sudden they, you know, they're playing Sunday at Augusta shitting their pants a little bit. Yeah, Yeah. I mean Hank is such a diehard live fan. He knows the Four ACEs off the top of his head, don't you? Yeah. Yeah. Hank, what are they? Hey, it's Justin Johnson, Patrick Reed. Oh you, oh no, we two we're stuck at Two ACEs. You have half of them. You have half of the ACEs. Yep. Come on Hank. I, I even, I know one of them. Oh, hey Shane, where are we with the live PGA merger that was announced like a year ago that no one talks about anymore. H three? Come on. Who knows, Dude. I mean, honestly nobody knows.


It's it's funny now too. 'cause they, the players get asked about it and they're even like, nobody knows. Who knows? Yeah. Nobody's telling us anything. Like we're just trying to play golf. And I think John Rom answered a question in his press conference. They, they asked some questions at the end of the presser in Spanish and he said, I just wanna play with these guys more often. You know, it basically his answer. But nobody knows. I mean, I feel like every week you hear rumors, but nothing changes. Nothing happens. What happened to the framework? I was told that we had a framework in place Frame broke. Man, I think the frame is like disintegrated. It fell on the ground. Like, I don't know what happened to the damn thing, but you know, I mean like, I don't think Liv wants to go away, you know, and I think that's one of the important pieces of this is like Liv still wants to exist in terms of golf tournaments and team golf and things like that.


And I don't think the PGA tour is a big fan of that idea if they're going to merge. So I think, you know, for Liv, it's, we don't wanna lose everything we're doing. We understand the importance of merging, but that seems to be where everybody's stuck right now. Yeah. Yeah. What what about the journalist lottery? When do we find out who gets to play Augusta? Ooh, I think that, I think that dropped Saturday. I think they normally announced that on Saturday. Maybe around lunchtime. Have You played? No, never gotten picked. Oh. What are the odd, How, how many, how many journalists enter their names into the lottery every year? So, so everybody that hadn't played it, I think it's over the last seven years gets to put their name in. So let's, I would just say the number's probably around maybe 150 in the lottery. Now, I don't know who, how many get picked, but I'd say of the, let's say 300 people here working, I bet 150 put their names in.


So you know, if there's four groups or whatever, then you know, you've probably got a 8% chance or 6% chance or something. Okay. We're root It's gotta be your year. Yeah, This year. Yeah. Although it was very funny when they, they took somebody that had never played golf before last year. I like, I kind of like that. Yeah, That should be A tradition. We always ask about that around the US opens like, I mean remember when, when Dave used to do that? Yeah. When he would play the Mulligan US Open game and it's like, what are you gonna shoot if you have unlimited mulligans? It's like, what is a person that's never played golf gonna shoot around this golf course? Right. I mean I think that's, that's at least something we can compare the best players in the world to. Yeah. So we actually have, so we had, we have, we interviewed Max as well. He is gonna be on this episode and he, we asked him this, so we'll ask you, you this, if Hank started at the worst spot on every green and had to only put, what would his, what would his, would he, would he be in contention at the end of Sunday?


Is he putting, so he's putting one on every green, like he's starting On the greens one, but in the worst place he can possibly be. Whether that's the farthest distance away or the place where it's the toughest with the brakes. I mean if he, does he have a caddy? No, no caddy. Oh, I think he could shoot even par or better. I think he could four putt every green. Okay. All right. Are there some that it would be like a disaster where like is there a specific green on the course where it's like everyone knows there's one little spot and if you don't hit it you're just fucked? Yeah, like he would probably put off the green on nine. He'd probably put off the green on 13. He'd probably put off the green on 15. So the key for him would be just to not put it in the water.


But I think You would definitely not, like I Said, I think he, he's gonna two putt a couple. Right. Just by, you know, virtue of luck or making an eight footer. I mean I know you dog Hank's game a lot, but I mean I've seen Hank make eight footers on YouTube before. Right, that's true. I mean, he's capable if nothing else. So. Well You've also seen him miss eight footers. Well I've seen him miss a lot of those, but I mean I think, you know, just in general, he's going to eventually two putt a green here or there, which picks you up a couple shots. I I think he's in contention. I think he shoots around even par every round from the green. Okay. And We gotta make that happen at some point. Point. Oh man. What would he take? So fun. What? Alright, so if, if I said to you for, or if I said to all the golfers, you get to pick one club that is perfect for the masters, whatev, you know, your, your shots on it.


That spec specific club is just perfect all week. What club are they picking This year? It's probably the mini driver that's gonna be in a lot of bags. Oh. So you know the the basically the popularity of the mini drivers popped over the last couple years. And the idea is you can turn it over a little bit and obviously right-handers at Augusta have gotta hit that draw. I think you're gonna see a ton of the mini drivers in the bags this week from a lot of players. A lot of the Taylor made dudes I think are throwing 'em in there. And so I think that's gonna be a really popular one. It also keeps you short of some of the run outs at 3 30, 3 40 with the long hitters can hit it there. So the mini driver be big and then like lob wedges. Yeah, I mean I think, you know, lob wedges are huge here because you want to get the ball up in the air around the greens because there's so much runoff and I think the idea of throwing it up high with a lot of spin is what most of these modern players do.


Okay. Interesting. What do you, what do you think the winning score is this week? So I was looking, it's 11, 12, 10, 10 the last four years. So I think I'll go, I think with the rain it'll be a little better than that. I'll probably go 13 I think is the number I'm looking at. Okay. I Love that. Yeah, It's It's relatively consistent by the way, Big Cat, I had something for you. Oh, your big Florida win last night. Yeah. Congrats. By the, the way, I mean, thank you. I mean I know you needed the money so you would've fin I need to finish a T 20 last year at the Masters to make that much money. So you're kind of like a top 20 golfer in the world financially now. Yeah, unfortunately for that calculus. If we're, if we're putting in the whole March madness experience, I missed the cut, but Oh yeah.


Yes. If if we're just based off the champ And you have to pay for the houses and all that stuff. Yeah, exactly. We're ba if we're only basing off the championship game, then yeah, T 20 feels good. I mean, under the bright lights, that's what it matters the most. One, One day. Yeah. Sunday Red I, I turned the feet on with like we were at like, at our rental house and I turned the feet on with about 30 seconds. Let, I knew you hear that bet and I could only see your eyes. Yeah. It was like the hoodie kept getting smaller around your head. I I actually didn't see the final play in its like totality for like an hour after. 'cause I was only watching the top of the screen. So when I saw the ball like go up and like him jump, I was like, oh, he is about to hit this shot. Not realizing that he had traveled.


So yeah, it was, yeah. Alright. T 20. I could, I could, I can rock with that. T 20 feels good. Yeah. Congrats on the great play last year at the Masters. I'm proud of you. Yes, yes. Yeah, that's that's very impressive. Nice purse. I was curious about Max, our other good friend Max. Yep. So he is a guy that has played well at Augusta. You said that's very important, but he's also a guy that's not playing well right now, which you also say is important. So how, what, what would be a reasonable expectation for Max Hoback this year's ma masters? I, I think top 25 is reasonable for him. I think, again, you know the thing Max, I'm sure he told you guys this as well, but the thing he's been talking about is away from tournament golf. He's been playing well did he tell you what he shot on the first nine?


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. This weekend. Yeah, he was on fire 29. Yeah, something like that. I think he said seven. Seven. Yeah. He had a, had a putt for 28 I think on the ninth, which is would be like the low nine holes ever at the masters. If he did that within the tournament. I mean he's seen positives away from tournament golf. It's just not really working. Once he gets going, you know, for Max it's about starts man. I mean he is gotta get off to a good start. He's gotta be able to shoot something around even or under par on the first nine on Thursday. I mean, I just think he's continued and he knows this, he's continued to put himself behind the eight ball early and then he is got a make up ground, which he's been able to do. So if he can just somehow find something solid on Thursday to get things going, shoot even par for the day.


I mean even shoot one over. I think there's an opportunity for him to run. But I think top 25 is reasonable. You know, he played, he played really well the first two days a year ago and, and then it obviously got tougher on the weekend, but I would, I I think he's gonna make the cut and I think, you know, top 25, top 20 makes sense. Yeah, we Love that. Do you think that America is gonna continue its dominance? Because what it's seven seven majors in a row that we've won? I I think it stops here. I think it ends here. Oh, I think Rory or Rom or Sep or somebody like that does it. So Leman, I I, that's kind of where I'm at is I think, I think the, I think the, the internationals are gonna win this. I think probably a European's gonna win it. And there's the Europeans, I mean the Ryder Cup is what, seven months?


The Europeans are just like crushing it right now in golf. So I think the theme continues. Yeah, But they're not ready for for Long Island. Yeah. They're not ready for Far for Strong Island. Yeah. For, for a bunch of dudes yelling at 'em. It, It, it, it, it we're up, we're up a couple points just going into that simply because of the crowds. But I mean they're, they're trending. Like when you look at the bottom half of what the team might look like right now, they're, they're bottom half, if you will. The victors and guys like that finding form finally, like we've wanted them to, it's gonna be very interesting to see if they kind of continue this run because, you know, if their, their six through 12 to me feels like what the old USA was six through 12 against the internationals on the President's Cup. Like it was never the top half that we were dominant on.


It was always the, the bottom half of that roster. And right now kind of one through 12 on the European seems very, very spicy for that crew. So even if you're a guy that, that maybe is sick of Scotty winning all the time, you should be rooting for Scotty just for that reason. 'cause he's a, he's maybe our Best chance. Scott, you ca like we hadn't talked about Morikawa. Yeah, I mean moca is, I mean his stats, like Kyle Porter sent something out the other day, leads the world in strokes, gained approach, leads the world in strokes. Game ball striking leads the world in stroke game degree le a t to green and leads the world in strokes gain overall all in 2025. I mean this is a ball striker's golf course. So Colin Awa played well here a year ago. I think Scotty Colin, in terms of Americans are, are very, very high on the list.


Can you, can you educate us on what strokes gain means? I know that it's important and I know that it, that it's good but I don't, I don't know how they do it. Yeah, it's an analytical deep dive into how players go against the rest of the field or the rest of the players in golf. So it's basically like what your stats, how your stats kind of match up against everybody else versus something like greens and regulation. That's you versus the golf course. PFTI know you love the golf course. Yep. This is a little bit more like you against your peers. Got it. So it's like war Yeah. Strokes above replacement. Yeah, Strokes above.


Alright Shane, I got one last question again. Tune in this week Shane will be on feeds all week and weekend on the masters.com. Alright, so Rollback question RHO bac k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code. Take two.


Final questions from me. One, what is your favorite bet That isn't a winning bet. So it could be like top 20, it could be make or miss the cut, something like that. Yeah, I, I like, I like Phil top 20. I like Sergio top 20. Okay. I like both of those bets. I think you're getting a round even for both of those. Maybe even a little bit of plus money. So I like both of those for sure. Okay, I like that. And then this is just something dumb that I always think about, like the, the fact that you do in these, in these tournaments. If you play morning on Thursday, then you play afternoon on Friday afternoon on Thursday morning on Friday. That always never made sense to me because it's like you basically have to turn around so fast if you're in the afternoon and they go the morning. What, what do guys prefer if, if weather's not a a factor, what do they prefer?


I think, I think younger guys like, like late early. I think they like the quick flip. And I also think if you're playing well you wanna get back out there quickly. And I think the older players prefer early, late so they get a little bit more of a break and they can sleep in and like, you know, tiger famously was doing all the body work, you know, in the mornings on Fridays. So I think it depends on age, but I think, I think if you poll players you'd probably get 70, 80% would be kind of like go out late on Thursday, get right back out on the golf course on Friday morning. Yeah. Although it would drive me nuts now that I'm thinking about it playing early on Friday, not knowing what I need to score. Like I I I feel like playing late on Friday where you're like, here this is what I have to do to make the cut is maybe a little bit of advantage.


Yeah. And I, and I think like this year, especially with the forecast on Friday, I think getting out there early on Friday would be, you know, preferred simply because if there are delays and stuff like that. Now if you're a Friday late, your second round might bleed into Saturday and then you gotta play a marathon day on Saturday in terms of golf if you make the cut. So I think for this year, especially with what we might see on Friday, I don't think it's a huge percentage, maybe like 30, 40%. But if there are gonna be rain showers, at least if you're an early Friday guy, you can get your round in. Yeah, I was reading the other day that if you win the masters, you get, you get to use the champions driving range that not everybody else gets to use. Have you heard about this Champions driving range? No. I, I I don't know about the champions driving range. No. I mean they all do, they all hit balls at the tournament practice area, the kind of new one over the last few years where they've like the, it's the best range on the planet by the way.


I mean they literally replicate greens that are on the golf course so that you can hit certain shots into greens and get an idea of what it's gonna look like out on the golf course. But no, I don't know about that one. I I'll have to ask some of the, some of the dudes back here that have played. Yeah, because The thing I was reading, You might have just sent 'em on like a, is there a basement in the Alamo? I might have, but you just walking around everyone's like, this guy doesn't know What the, the fuck he is. Champion. Yeah, it's like a big se it's a big joke that they're playing out. But I, I did, I did read though that there's a champion's driving range but the champion's driving range isn't nearly as good as the regular driving range. So it's like why would you, why would you want to use it just to be like, fuck you, I have that. If you're like an honorary starter, you go there 'cause you don't hit it as far as used to. Maybe that's like where you warm up. Yeah, That's true. That's actually a good point.


That's probably why it's not as long. That's as Those guys go. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Alright, well Shane, thank you so much. Good luck this week in the lottery. We're rooting for you. We'd love to see you. Thank you. Be able to play the course and it's always fun having you on. So appreciate it so much. Thank You guys. Good luck with the bet Tank.


Shane Bacon was brought to you by Mountain Dew where you can grab a blast of refreshing tropical lime flavor with Mountain Dew Baja Blast. Baja Blast also comes in zero sugar too. Mountain Dew is the best soda in the entire world. I remember my first Mountain Dew. I really do. I think I was seven years old. It was after soccer practice. Ice Cold Mountain Dew. I was hooked from the very first sip. Go try Mountain Dew Baja Blast right now. Get your friends to try it. Call up a friend right now. Tell them to try it. Tell your mom to try it too. Tell your mom that part of my take would like for you to do the Dew. Grab a Mountain Dew, the Baja Blast. Not just at fast food restaurants anymore. You can buy it. What a day. What a time to be alive. Mountain Dew Baja Blast


Shane Bacon was also brought to you by Tax Act. Can you believe it's already April? Your taxes are due. April 15th. Hank, do you have any tips? Go to tax act.com today. Don't wait. User expert assist a hundred percent US based. They can answer all your questions to help you get your taxes done as quickly and as easily as possible. A hundred percent credentialed. A hundred percent US based. They know the ins and outs of the tax laws. You can get answers that you need starting at just 20 bucks. If you need a little help or if you need a lot, they can answer all types of tax related questions. It's crunch time. You want to get it right. Tax Act makes it easy so you can get them over with and be done for the season. What's that website? Hank Tax act.com.


Okay, we're gonna do White Lotus at the end of the show. We have pardon your take from the listeners by the way. We did miss one. I should have used this for my Hot Seat. Cody Bellinger is out because he had bad wings. Yeah. The Old Mark Titus injury. There've been some great baseball injuries this year. Yeah. Being out because he ate Chicken wings Man card. Tough play. The Joe, the Joe Buck drop. Tough. Gotta gotta make it. Can't say it's the Wings Guy like me. I I only eat wings. Never missed a podcast. Nope. Not a jinx. Okay Hank. Wow. This is sad. I figured you guys would appreciate this. All four major sports leagues have apparently stopped making championship DVDs slash blu-rays.


Oh. Like you guys always say this is the start of the championship. DVD when my team has a big moment, the championship DVD is quintessential merch to buy when your team wins. Hate to see it. Looks like they're a thing of the past. Signed sad Eagles. What do they do now? This sucks. It's it's like Championship YouTube link cha Championship Instagram reel. That's crazy. Either you gotta still make the DVD. We're Still gonna say championship DVD start of the dvd, Right? Yeah, absolutely. We're not changing that. It's like Either it makes us a boomer, but you either die millennial or you live long enough to be a boomer. We will just accept it. I don't give a fuck. People call me boomer all the time. Who cares? Yeah. You know who else they call Boomer Chris Berman. What? Hank It's a boomer take. Yeah.


What that you don't give a fuck. Who cares? Yeah. Who cares Is that Boomer to not care? What Was it the other day? Oh, so these Yeah. My duke hate was a boomer. Take What? No, that's just, that's just a kid that likes Duke. Yeah. That's also a kid that just doesn't understand how sports work. Yeah. Yeah. That that was, I, I think that's my problem is that people use Boomer take for things that are not even close to, I know when I have a boomer take, So saying Championship DVD is a boomer take. They do that with cringe too. Yeah. It's just a word that they'll say that they think is gonna hurt you. Right. But guess what? Like I don't give a fuck. It's lost All meaning because it gets thrown around too Much. You overused it, you overplayed your hand. Right? We, we took that word back. Yeah. Now that the Super Bowl and Final Four have wrapped up, I'm curious to get your take on the best city for a finale to a sports season and maybe as a second layer of the best game Super Bowl Final Four to be there For Wait, what?


What do you mean where it takes place? Yeah. Best city. Best City for a finale to a sports Season. I mean Vegas. Vegas. I can personally attest I like New Orleans, Stanley Cup in Vegas. Yeah. When you're seeing wins Like the Final four in New Orleans would be better than Vegas. New Orleans is pretty sick. We did do the, the final four in New Orleans a couple years ago. It was a great time. Super Bowl was in New Orleans this Year. Do you remember what happened to that Final four? Big Cat? Yeah. In Vegas or in New Orleans? Coach K is Dead. Yeah. Boomer take. Yeah, listen, new Orleans is always gonna be at the top of my list. Vegas was a lot of fun. I like Indy too. Yeah. I'm trying to think. Indy's Indy is is a good city.


Just 'cause you don't have to get in a car. You don't have to get in an Uber. Your City What? Baseball. Basketball. Hockey. Oh but he's saying that. No, he's saying No. He's yeah, he's saying, he's saying like the venue City. Yeah, the venue city. When it's a final four Super Bowl. So it's a different city. Memes is also back. You're saying like you can pick any city. You don't have to to pick like Any city like Nashville would be a good Super Bowl city if it wasn't so cold type. Well You trying to go on a bachelor party trying win a superb bowl buddy. I'm just saying There's A bunch of places memes wants to go back to God's country. So like I could say London. Yeah, The Bahamas.


The Bahamas would be great. Hawaii, Honolulu, Amsterdam would be Sick. Imagine losing in Honolulu. Yeah. It's A long Flight. But if you lose in hon, you're like, okay, who cares? I mean, yeah, I'm in Hawaii. I think New York would be a good place just 'cause it's basically anywhere you could a bad take. Why It's New York. The stadium's so bad to get. Would I understand? So crowded. Obviously I'm, I'm not, I'm talking about being on the team. Oh, I thought you were talking team. I'm talking I as a fan. Oh yeah. As a fan. As a fan. But I, on the team, I'm saying like New York would be if you, if you win someplace where the bars don't close, that's sick. That yeah, that's that that changes things. Yeah, that For sure changes.


I was thinking on the team, I guess it doesn't make as much sense for Final Four, but I was thinking Super Bowl, like if you win the Super Bowl in Vegas, like you go out as a team in Vegas, that's Sick. Yeah, Because like as a fan you're gonna just go to whatever bar, you know. It doesn't, I get, I don't, Vegas obviously is different, but As a player Miami, Miami would be sick. Miami would be so sick. Also as a fan, I feel like Miami would be fun. Yeah, That's a double. Alright, last one. The PGA championship needs to go back to being the last major. This recent change throws off the whole summer. It's the perfect epilogue in that it's not as charming but gives you a bit more content. Plus the British Open. Maybe the best major has no business being closer.


Whoa, whoa. Since the shitty weather Doesn whoa doesn't feel very Summer. This guy just did the, you've given yourself away three fingers. He called It the best major. He, he called it the British Open. It's the open championship And it's not even close to the best. Yeah. And if you really thought that that was the Best. I'm an open guy. You as the best. No second best. You think it's better than the US Open? No chance. Sometimes it depends. It varies. Maybe if you live in England, but for time zone reasons, it sucks. Yeah. It's, it's bad. Yeah. Masters us Open Open Championship. PGA. But that's why I like that they move the PGA up because otherwise it's like who cares? Why is the masters always first? 'cause they, they're the masters. They get everything.


They get to do whatever they want to get everything. Yeah. This guy's wrong. Open Championship. Well no, but his point was that they should just flip flop. His point was, well His point is, to your point, he doesn't think the open championship should be the last one 'cause it's not as good. I thought he said it was the Best. I said maybe the best, but he said it shouldn't be the last major of the year. Okay. I I that's fine. I don't hate that. Yeah. Yeah. But the fact that he didn't refer to it in the correct nomenclature tells me he's not really that big of a fan. I Almo I just got hung up with the fact that he said maybe the best, it's never maybe been the best. No PGA championship's definitely the worst. I think that's Yes. That, that's Fair. And Masters is definitely the best.


And if you're an American, like I thought we all were. The US Open is the second best and the open championship is the third. But it's sounding to me like you're, it's A different style of golf. Which side are you rooting for Different, when they play it's different. They play different Long Island style America. Okay, Interesting. Are you really, are you No, because because like listen, The live guys Yes, exactly. Are in Europe. Exactly. I could see Hank Brooks being in Europe. Bryson Just saying there's Actually like, it's just John Rom, I guess. Hatton. You Love John Rom. I like John Rom. Yeah. Yeah. You love Ludwig. You love Sergio. I Do love Ludwig. Yeah. I like Sergio. Yeah. You love Sergio. You love Rory.


No, I know you hate Rory. Alright, real quick. White, Lotus, Hank, you watch just so spoilers coming. I, I really don't think there's anyone out there who's like, I'm saving the finale for Friday. So Hank, PFT and I watched the whole season. Yep. Hey Max, did you watch the whole season? I did. Okay. So Max watched the whole season. You just watched the finale? Yep. I'll preface it. I watched the months ago, maybe even last year, I watched the first maybe one or two episodes of season one. Decided it wasn't a show for me, removed it from, you know, my future. So I've seen, like, I have everything on Twitter.


I see people talking about it. I don't ignore it. I don't like avoid it 'cause I don't care. Right. So I've, I've picked, I've like been weirdly kind of following along. Like I, I've seen the memes. I I, I've seen people, you know, that we work with and stuff. Tweet about it. And like, sometimes I'll read 'em. I don't know what's going on. So I, I did have some level of understanding going into it. But I just watched the finale. I tried to watch the finale. I wrote some notes down until I fell asleep. It was an hour and a half, it was, I was battling and I'm like, So you didn't see It? So I, I get, I got, I got probably 60, 75 minutes in and then I, I just, I fell asleep. I think this might be the future of recap. So we, to recap, we gotta be close. I, I remember being like, this has gotta be close.


It's been going on so long. There's so many fucking storylines. How is any of this connected? And then it was like 40 minutes left. Okay. And I tried to stay awake. I didn't. So This Hank's thoughts about the finale of white Lotus from a guy that didn't watch the season of White Lotus and fell asleep halfway through. Yeah. I'll give, I have like four notes and there you guys can go into it. Bad for Thailand. That guy seemed like a badass. Whoever was bad for Thailand, why are they in Thailand? Was the question, Wait, who is bad for Thailand? The guy in the very beginning of the episode, he is like, you're bad for Thailand that Walt Goggins was talking to. Oh, Sam Rockwell, are you Good for Thailand? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. He was an awesome character. Sam Rockwell should have his own show. Yeah. That character. Yes. Yeah. He was one of the only characters I liked.


He fucks. Yeah. Well, he didn't for a while. And also he gets fucked by Dudes. He also seemed, didn't seem, didn't seem interested. Yeah. You don't, you missed the whole part where he, he got fucked by dudes. Yeah. He, that he didn't get off by fucking chicks anymore. And so he went in this like maybe episode five. He's like, then I found out that the only way I could get off is to be a Thai woman and get fucked. Yeah. 'cause the chicks, he was fucking, he wanted to be them getting fucked by an American. Yeah. That explains why he wasn't, when they reunited, he was like, I don't care. She was like, oh, I missed you. And he was like, he just goes. Yep. Yeah. Duke very featured. That's not an accident. Like, I can under, I actually could understand why Duke was mad because it was so prominently featured.


And like in Hollywood that's a, you know, nothing comes on screen by accident. Like they have to, you know, set design, outfit design. Like the fact that they made Duke that prominent, It's producer eight talking like this Was kind of wild. Yeah. Like what, was there a significant reason or was it just like a throwaway, like he went to Duke? I think having him wear Duke stuff on a major HBO show is kind of crazy. I think there was a, it was clearly anti Duke propaganda. That's crazy. Which is, which I'm fully in support of. The moral of the entire show was basically like, don't let your children go to Duke. Yeah. Go to UNC. And they even, I mean, the character named Zion got paid millions of dollars to not do anything. It seemed pretty slanted towards Duke.


I wrote these are the guys that banged their brothers gross. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Did they actually bang or did you just jerk Him off? Him off? No, you jerk. Jacked him off. And when, so that I saw people do like incest, incest inces. That Is I is that What's his take? What's this take? Well, no, I was like, what is this take? Careful. They came on screen. I was like, oh, this is crazy. These guys banged. And then they said the, the jerking off thing. And I was like, People were Freaking on Twitter. I know it's bad, but people I thought I was expecting like Game of Thrones incest. Okay. He just jacked his brother off. Which Hank doesn't understand the big deal. No, This is Like modern day, Like on vacation. Yeah. That's fair. I guess irking off Off your brother while you're banging. No, no, no, no, no. I was based off what I saw on Twitter.


I was expecting incest and I know that's, that is Incest. It is. That isn't that, that by definition was fucking my bad. I apologize. Okay. I was expecting like, game of Thrones. So like, I was like, this is disgusting. I can see why people were mad when, When the character Locke, when he said to his brother when they had that confrontation, the final episode, he was like, I only jacked you off during that threesome because I guess I'm just a people pleaser and I wanna be that, that is weaponized therapy. Yeah. I also threesome too. That was it. Is that one of the sisters, the guy that Patrick Schwartzenegger was jealous that loved Goggins? No, no. That's, they're, they were friends. Okay. If you jerk off your brother like that, the conversation the next morning has to be one of us has to kill ourselves.


Yeah. Like, you can't both be alive after that. It just can't, you cannot live like that. Good segue. Yeah. And that's where I fell asleep. The dad was, I mean, suicide. That was a little bit, you know how convenient you have a suicide pair in your backyard, which with the guy that wants to kill, Kill himself. Overrated. Well, I fell asleep when he was like, grinding it up. Did not, he didn't kill himself. No. He, he almost killed his whole family. The, so this is, this goes to my biggest, That's it. That's all I got. Yeah. So Great show. I I like white Lotus, white Lotus fan coming in peace. I did not think this was the strongest season. No. I'd put it clearly number three. I think clearly number three, I think season, I'm gonna go season two. Yeah. Then season one.


Barely. And then clearly season three. Is It? Yeah. I think one and two are interchangeable of which one's your favorite? And then three, like, so this happens whatever, whatever a TV show that's widely popular. If you don't like a certain season, you're dubbed like a contrarian or you're trying to hate just to hate I like White Lotus. I'm gonna watch season four. I thought this season was not great. And the Ratliff story was, was one of my biggest issues. Because what you saw Hank was what happened all season where, so he did the, the pina coladas with his family. He ended up hitting 'em all out of his hand, their hands and being like, don't drink at the milk's gone bad. That was like the sixth time we had a dream sequence slash something happened where they tried to fake us out that he was committing suicide or killing his family.


Enough of it. Yeah. I I actually think Locke should have died at the end. Yeah. Agreed. Instead a Fake, the fake out death is the worst. Yeah. Instead what happened was he survived because I guess he didn't eat enough of the suicide pair. That's Why I said the suicide pairs overrated. Or I thought maybe it was like a DMT pair. 'cause he was like, I just saw God dad. Yeah. And then they get on a boat and the dad's like, Hey, sorry I tried to kill all you guys. Like, did they not have that conversation? Because Locke obviously drank the milkshake. Yeah. And then he basically died. Was his dad ever like, oh yeah. About that. This is why you passed out. Also the entire storyline of the rat lifts and the dad, which was interesting.


Financial crimes, having to deal with that, that no one has phones. And then all we get is one, like ten second speech at the end where he is like, we'll stay together as a family. Yeah. Hey, sorry I tried to kill all y'all, but I gotta be honest, we're all gonna go broke. Yeah. You're like, love you dad. I did like from the rat lifts, I thought Saxon was awesome. His like story arc was cool. Yeah. The look back at the end with Goggins and his girlfriend. Like he kind of finally got it. And I, Parker Posey is just a hilarious actress. It is, it is fun to talk like Parker Posey. Yeah. She and Parker Posey ended up winning because she knew all along that her, her daughter was a spoiled rich kid and she just had to go sleep in a, a monastery one night to realize, And it's all, it's just fun to talk like her and be like, get me outta Thu.


Yeah. Where's my Lorazepam Pam? Yeah. But I, when, when she saw her daughter come back and then she got, she was proud of her daughter for being spoiled. Yeah. That was the funniest thing. Yeah. It was great. I mean the, the whole theme of this show is that rich people, idol rich people are, are the worst. And also good bad things happen to good people and good things happen to bad People. Yeah. And when, what, what was her name? Belinda? Yeah. When Belinda got paid all that money and then she became the character from the, the previous season. From the first season. Yeah. I liked that. That was good. That made me a little bit sad for the guy that she was like, I'm not gonna do it. Corn chai. Yeah. I'm not gonna go into business with the corn chai. See you later. Porn Chai porn. Chai. Yeah. Porn chop. That was a very good scene.


And then I wrote down that the white lotus the property, the white lotus. Yeah. They have to have the best TripAdvisor account manager ever because all these murders keep happening at their resorts and they seem to be doing really well. Yeah. With Tourists just deleting 'em all. Yeah. We're gonna get rid of all the negative feedback, even though people die all the time. Yeah. And you know what it is. Here's why I bet their, their accounts are doing well. The donut tree. Did you notice the donut tree that Walter Goggins went too to pick? Yeah. Yeah. How is, how have I never heard of a donut tree Before? Oh, I've seen those at like, they're, they're, you know what, they sometimes have 'em in like suites at like football games and stuff. I feel like Ross Tucker has tweeted out a donut tree Before.


I've never seen a donut tree before. Yeah. But now we have to get, can we get a donut tree? Absolutely. Can Ross Tucker's definitely tweeted out a donut tree. Yeah. I I just, I don't know. I thought the season just, it kind of, they did stretch it. It was more, it was eight episodes. I think season one was six and season two was seven. It felt like it was eight where it was like Yep. An hour and a half. And we went circular on a lot of storylines. And then I just, I don't know. I was rooting for Walter Goggins and his girlfriend. I thought the cheap Star Wars. I he was Your father was just whatever Walter Goggins was the British girl's Dad? No. Oh no. It was the, the guy from Thailand. Yeah. Uncle Rico. Yeah. That's the same guy that played played the beginning of the episode.


No, No, no. Uncle Rico is Greg Gary. Oh Yeah, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. No, it was a British, they Were dating. I know. Well, this show is, you know, there was A storyline where Walter Hank Walter Goggins was basically like I had, I came to Thailand to get vindication. 'cause this guy who's this rich guy who owns the resort with his wife, killed my dad. And then he went and confronted him at his house, thought he was gonna shoot him, pushed him over, but had peace with it and was like, I finally told him off. Then the guy shows up to the resort and it confronts Walter Goggins like, you're a pussy. Your mom was a slut. And then Walter Goggins in like the last 10 minutes kills the guy. And then the other woman's like, why would you do that? He's your father. It's like, come on. Goggins his father.


Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah. It's like, come on. So he ended up killing his dad as he was on a mission to kill the guy who killed his dad. Right. That felt a little ham fisted. It was just A little cheap. And then I Think that hel this is gonna be un unpopular opinion though. I think Chelsea, the, the British girl that was dating Walter Goggins, if she didn't have funny teeth, she would suck. Yeah. I liked her character. Yeah. But I don't, I think she was very likable because she was like kind of adorable. But she's British. But She was British and all she did was just try to like fix a guy that clearly wasn't fixable. Yeah. I don't Know. But he was fixed for a minute. And then I, I actually enjoyed Carrie Coons, I thought was the star of the show, in my opinion.


'cause I thought she was the, the, the girl friendship storyline. I, that was real. Like, it, that was some good acting like the table, but it also just ended. I don't know. The whole ending was just, it felt so abrupt. And then they all just witnessed a mass murder and then they all just got on the boat and left. Yeah. They were cool. And Fabian falling in the water was very funny. Yes. That Guy. He was maybe my favorite. And I didn't like the fucking security guard with his guy girlfriend. Yeah. That was I That was a pussy. He Was going for revenge too, right? No, he, no, He was just a Pussy. He just knew that he had to get a shot off. Unlike Kelvin Sampson at the end, he's like, I gotta make this chick like me. Yeah. I watched, I enjoyed parts.


I didn't love the whole thing. What if, what if it was like one of those Disney cinematic universe tie through stories where Gary was Uncle Rico? Yeah. Like Uncle Rico retires to Thailand. Yeah. That's what I like to imagine. That Was my whole thing when I said it last week. Like, Gary just, he going just keep going back to White Lotus. Where like, why would you keep doing that Dude? Go to a Four Seasons. I have a question for you. Yeah. Do you think that you would've disliked it as much if it wasn't coming right off of Severance? Because I think that hurt this, this Season. No, no. I was watching 'em both at the same time, But Severance is just so much better. I agree that it agree with, it made me that it made me like White Lotus less. No, but I, I like White Lotus season two and season one a lot.


But You weren't watching it at the same time as Severance. I was. Oh. Because I watched, I, I caught up on severance late. I was watching 'em both concurrently. And I absolutely think that's a fair point. I, because I was finding myself the same way. Yes. 'cause I would get so excited for severance each week. And then when White Lotus came along, I was like, ah, this just isn't the same White Lotus. And I, maybe I missed the whole thing, but like this idea that it's like a very deep show. I, I think this is also is just what we do now on the internet is where we analyze every little thing on a show. It happens with severance too, where it's like, I don't think they're putting in that many clues to every little thing. And I, it's a show where it's, it's, it's fun because you get to watch Rich Assholes go on vacation and there's some good parts.


There's some funny parts. It's not like super deep severance made me think a lot more. Yes. So I, I, I did find myself, like when Severance, when I watched Severance, I was very focused. When I watched The White Lotus, I was watching it, but I was like, this is just kind of, you know, they're on vacation fucking Around. I I think this season of White Lotus, it took a lot longer to get into any real eight episode real shit. Yeah. Eight episodes. So that's why they made the last one an hour and a half is 'cause Mike White was like, oh shit, I gotta have some stuff happen at the end. I Gotta wrap it Up. But it was, listen, I, I still think it was good. Yeah. I enjoyed watching it and I'm gonna continue to watch it like Big Cat. Like it's a good, good show. It's not, it's my test for every movie or show I watch. If I think about it the morning after when I'm waking up, that means that it like stuck with me and it's really like, good.


I thought about Severance for a couple days after White Lotus. I watched finale and I was like, all right. I guess that's, that. Didn't really think about it the next day. Piper. No. Piper Piper we're on vacation guys. Didn't You think the fake outs of the suicide and everything were just so like, like the fifth one was like, All right guys. Yeah. And they got like bloodier and more gruesome. Yeah. It's just like, come on. And then the milkshakes where it's like, oh, we're finally gonna do this. This guy's gonna kill his whole family. Oh, nope. Milk's gone bad. Yeah. There's also, there's a podcast, an accompanying podcast that goes along with White Lotus Okay. Which I haven't listened to, but does every new show now have a podcast? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Have to. Because I feel like doing a, doing a podcast about a show that you watch is the new reading a book.


I mean, technically every old show Has a podcast. Yes. And technically we do that. Which show? Show show when Pmm. TV. Yeah. What happened on last week's pm MTV Last week's pm MTV Max got invited to the White House. Oh, Let's break that down. So Jerry O'Connell reached out to us. We ne Big Cat and I didn't see it coming. Yeah. Oh. But yeah, I I What would you give the season? I'd like a a b Three balls. Yeah. Four. It was fine. Three And a half balls. You give it four? Heck yeah. Okay. I, I enjoyed the other two, two seasons Confusing. S more confusing. Yeah. Yeah. I could understand it. I did, I did like the, the, the daughter of the rat lifts, I can't remember her name.


What was her name? Piper. Piper. Yeah. She's just, she was so perfect of like, I think I'm different than the rich narcissist that populate my family only to realize, no, I'm not, I'm no different. And also have her brother be like, I wanna do this with you. And she's like, oh, now I'm really not different. Yeah. I can't do this. One thing I do like about what Mike White does though, is he either kills or morally bankrupts every likable character on the show. Yeah. Like he fucks with a viewer. Yeah. In, in a fun way that I like that Part. I like, yeah. Yeah. It really is like, go But bad things happen to good people. Good things happen to bad people. And rich people who are on vacation are some of the worst people out there.


Yeah. Any other thoughts? Max? You like it? What would you give it? Seven. It was perfectly, it was six and A half a Yeah, that's a b. It's fine. I also read that Woody Harrelson turned down a rule. He was probably, I would imagine he was gonna be Sam Rockwell's character, but he turned down a rule because he wanted to go on vacation with his family. But when these guys go on to shoot the show, they spend like six months on vacation. Yeah. No. Mike White has figured out the Adam Sandler rule. Yeah. It's the best idea. Go to the best locations to film your shows. Bring Your friends. That's what Adam Sandler did for like 20 years. Bring all your best friends to a resort and then film a, a movie there. I Wonder where next year will be Key West. Maybe. That'd be cool.


Yeah. Someone said that. I wanna see this in like Veils p Said said there's no ocean in the next one. There's no, how do we know that part? They Did like a inside the episode with Mike White after, Are they doing Lake? Keep watching. Are they Lake Geneva, Wisconsin. He just said he's done with the waves crashing theme. So no, no Ocean Put in bay. Yeah. Okay. Inland. That would be sick. That Would rock sick Jersey Shore. Oh my God. That White Lotus Jersey shore. I'm in A snow trip. Would a Snow one would actually be awesome. A veil? Yeah. That one would be awesome. Or like Switzerland. What's the Montana one? That Big Sky? No. Stafford and Yellowstone or something. No. Go to Jackson Hole. Wild. Don't. Wasn't the one that Stafford and Tom Brady met. Yeah, the club. The club. What's it called? I don't know. I think it's Yellowstone Club.


Yeah, Sure. Make it the White Lotus Club. That would be sick. And it's just Jordan Schultz and Ian Repport fighting. Maybe Illa can help write it. Yeah. Alright. Good. Show boys Masters. Hank, I don't want you watching any of that. 12 to two block on Peacock. Why? Because you didn't want it. I did want it. I was bringing to light the fact that it existed. Memes, you'll never get this. Thanks. You'll never get this. You'll never get a 50 50. Oh, okay. I bet you I will First, I think I'm just gonna have to start doing 50 50 now. Oh, One other thing about the White Lotus.


Does anybody else have a problem where they get, they watch like eight episodes of a show that they really enjoy and they get to the end and they realize that you don't know any of the characters' names? Yeah. Like off the top of your head. I Was having problems with that. Yeah. Also, the, the song from the first season, intro song was I was expecting that for this one. Yeah. They took out the, this intro song sucked. They took out the L Lulus. The L? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The guy that wrote the song quit. Oh. Because Mike White wouldn't use the Lulus in it. I, That song was great. Yeah. Alright. Memes. I was trying to get him a false start. Numbers 3 77.


Oh, I'm wearing it. I'll go 76 For my boy Luca. I'll go 78. We're boxing them in 65. 99 Pop. 15, 21, 96. Love you guys.