
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a two for, for the people. We have Michigan Wolverine's head coach, dusty May, recurring guest. Last time we talked to him, he was at FAU, but we had a great conversation with him. March is on its way. We're here, it's the one of the best two weeks of the year. We also have our good friend, Pete Prisco, on the show to break down NFL Free Agency. Also get into an Italian versus Italian fight about Jalen Hertz with Max, which was great. We're gonna talk NFL Free Agency.


We've got Hot Seat, cool throne. We've got Guys On Chicks and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.


Hey, basketball fans, are you ready to win real money? Check out. Pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts, DraftKings pick six dunks on its rivals, including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you'll slam home higher. Minimum payouts on pick six than flex plays on prize picks. And best of all, you'll win even more cash if you post your rise of competition. Track your picks for a shot of huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six and cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get pick. Get 50 in, pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. The fun of the basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get $50 in, pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Connecticut must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. The fun of basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code. Take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get 50 in, pick six credits.


Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, March 12th and NFL free agency is all the way going boys. We've got a lot of new pla, new faces and new places, including Sam Darnold to the Seattle Seahawks. Sam Darn to the Seahawks. Good For Sam, by the way. Just as a great for Sam. Just as a, just as a like, whether you, you think Sam's gonna be good going forward? Pretty awesome that his career seemed like it was over and he just signed a hundred million dollars contract to go to Seattle. Yeah, I think he played it right. Like he, he played very well last year with the exception of the last, what, three games of the season.


Yeah. So he had a great year here in this contract. Congrats to him. I I don't know that I would love the situation in Seattle right now because they have gotten rid of a lot of guys. You're not gonna have the same weapons in Jefferson and Addison and Hawkinson. Yep. That's not gonna exist out there. You're not gonna have KOC. Yep. It's gonna be different. But I, I am very happy for 'em. It's interesting when you look around the league, you've got Sam Donald signing a contract. Gino Smith on the move. Aaron Rogers is gonna get another job. Yep. And Zach Wilson to the Dolphins. Every former Jets quarterback. Yeah. Did something big. This, this free agency is Getting something big and The Jets got the memes.


You got your Guy, you got your guy memes. Justin Fields is a New York jet, just like you wanted. Congrats. We Got our guy happy for Justin. Happy, happy for Justin. I'm excited. A lot of Bears fans have been DMing me saying he's a lot of fun. Big Cat told me he's a lot of fun. He is. He doesn't, There's also a downside. Yeah. But he ne he's never had a good offensive line. We do have a good offensive line. We have good running backs. We're gonna establish a run, we're gonna be a run first team. And that's what's important here. I I checked in with memes yesterday after it happened and I had a co honest conversation with him. 'cause I told him, I was like, he is, he makes Sundays fun long term. I don't know if he's going to be your answer.


And I said, if your expectations are not wildly outta control, it could be a a fun time. And I asked him, what's the, what's the ceiling of the Jets with Justin Fields next year? He said nine and eight. And I said, that's actually, that's, that's a, that's a fine way to approach it. Yeah. You, you might be surprised. Yeah. That's the ceiling. Well, he's betting on himself, so you just gotta hope he just pops off. You just gotta back him up. Yeah. And be like, if you're betting on yourself, I'm betting on you. Well, he Is not totally betting on himself. Yeah. It's a two year deal. Right. It's a Two year deal. So he's actually not betting on himself. Yeah. But if he pops off this year, He's already massive, massive contract. Well, he is under contract for the second year. The jets are are basically avoiding the Sam Donald situation where they don't want him to, if he pops off.


No, They have him. Let me just cook here. Like you're always betting on yourself. Yeah, I guess. But if he, what if, if he has a great year this year and then next year he's bad. I think if he has a great year this year, then he won't, they won't play the second year under that contract maybe. And they'll give him an extension after one year. Or, Or they could be like, maybe that we, we gotta see another year and not make a mistake at Daniel Jones was like, who? Daniel Jones, by the way. Incredible job of getting $14 million. I know that's probably not all guaranteed, but still. Yeah. Colt's quarterback. You know how Meme says if you don't like the Justin Fields trade, then you're racist. Yeah. That's how I feel about Daniel Jones. I'd agree. If you don't like Daniel Jones on the Colts, you have a problem with white People. Yeah, you do. You do. You do. You absolute do. He's doing the, the Manning Brothers career arc Yeah.


Is what he's gonna do. I think it's interesting having him, Anthony Richardson and then you've got obviously Jonathan Taylor. Yeah. At running back. Why not just run the Wishbone? I don't hate it. I don't hate it. That's what the Coach should do. Just, just run the fucking football. Daniel Jones might be QB one by by mid-September. It also, there was an immediate Chris Berman that came to my brain when I saw this. He's just Indiana Jones. There It is. And he kind of looks like himself. It's perfect. You should start wearing the hat. Wear the hat, Daniel. That would be sick. But yeah, the, the, the qbi, I, I feel like memes in a good spot. The Giants have no quarterback. The Steelers have no quarterback as of right now. We're taping this in the afternoon.


It feels like Aaron Rogers gonna be a Steeler. And then I don't know what the Giants are gonna do. I, I feel like it might be just a, a game of musical chairs. But it's Aaron, whichever team Aaron Rogers doesn't pick, then Russell Wilson might just be the quarterback of the other. Yeah. That does feel like he's, he's gonna be like, oh, Aaron Rogers a Steeler. Okay. I guess Russ is gonna be a Giant. Yeah. We got Aaron Rogers at home and it's Russell Wilson. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So what other, what other big, I mean The Bears had a nice day. I, I am, my, my take on free agency is if you have to, 'cause everyone's like, oh, they're off season champs again. The Bears haven't won anything with these guys. If you have to fix all the holes, that means you're a bad team if you have to, if you have to go into free agency. But with that said, I'm very happy that Ryan Polls did a good job of just beefing up the trenches on the offensive and defensive line.


And it feels like what was a massive weakness is, I'm not gonna go as far as say strength, but it's looking a lot better than it was a week and a half ago. I think you can say that he, he signed a lot of players that were not on The Bears last year. Correct. Which would be a good thing. Correct. And and the guys that he did sign are for the most part, big, strong athletic guys that should be upgrades. Yeah. And you invested in some skill positions last year, some of which panned out, some didn't. But you kind of looked at that last year. Now you're beefing up the trenches. I think it's a good idea. Yeah. I like what The Bears are Doing. The middle of the offensive line is a lot better. The defensive line has some depth where there are times yesterday in my inner monologue that I said to myself, bears are back maybe.


But that can't be confirmed. And Six outta 10. It, It's, it was in my brain, so I never said it. So it doesn't count. But maybe, maybe If there was a bracket for who had the best off season, do you think The Bears would would win? No, they're, I think they might be the championship game. No, I think We're looking at the two of them right here. I think so too. I think it's The Bears and the Patriots. Yep. I Bears did. Okay. Commanders see Commanders did really well too. Well they got Laramie tons in Debo. Yeah. He was talking about us Too. Okay. I, I know, but I'm talking about the, I think the Patriots did a good job. Max came up to me yesterday and he was just like, oh, this you're, what you're doing Kind of reminds me of the dream team.


You think you're putting together. Dream team. We made a couple nice moves. This is not a dream team stat. We're not like putting together a super team. We got Debo who was fat last year, who I think will still be good. It's not like he's at the peak of his powers right now. He was a fifth round pick. That's where we traded for him. Then we swapped a third and a fourth round and then gave up a second rounder for Tonsil. So it's not like we're getting like all stars that are, I mean, Larry Tunsil is very good. He's pro bowler. He's pro bowler. And you got Kin law. I'm just pumped about tonsils because now I have to do a gas mask bong. You do welcome into town. Yeah. Also, I don't understand the Texan strategy being like, we had a bad offensive line. Let's trade our best offensive lineman. Yeah. They, they got rid of two of Tunsil I think was the best.


And then there he had a lot of False start calls and whatever. But I still think he's, I mean, it's really hard to play that position and you can see the price for, for left tackles. Yeah. So I, I love Laramie tonsil because then we can move our, the guy that played left tackle for us last year, he was a rookie, not necessarily left tackle by trade. We're gonna move him around for Sam Cosby, then maybe move him around again once Sam gets back. So I, I like the moves that we made. I'm pretty pumped about it. One thing that I was thinking about the other day, 'cause we were talking about Joe Milton, bazooka Joe and with the Patriots signing the pass or not Josh Dobbs to be your backup quarterback feels like the Patriots are just burying Joe Milton.


Like we're never, they They're actively trying to trade Him. Yeah. We're never gonna get to see Joe Milton. I, he'd be great on the Steelers. Hank, are you excited about the Patriots moves? Very excited. How many of the players were you do, were you breaking out tape? Milton Wolves, I mean Mack Collins I've known for 10 years. Yeah. I guess that was a cool full circle moment. I met Mac when he was, I think going into his junior year of college at UNC. He was Caleb's roommate. And I spent a year with Caleb living with him where he is like, Mac's gonna be a pro. Mitch is gonna be a pro. And I was, you know, in my head, Mitch was a backup. Mac was playing well, but he was UNCI didn't necessarily think that was like a, you know, a pro path. And you know, to see him grind out.


He got drafted forth, been on a bunch of teams. Great special teamer. It's cool that he is on the Patriots. I'm pumped. What about the other guys? Milton Williams. Max said he was good. Yep. Carlton Davis, the reports, I mean, he is old but he's very durable. And I don't know the other guys. Harold Landry, he was a VR guy in Tennessee. He's good in Tennessee. Yeah. Yeah. Robert Sain is a, a white linebacker played in Pittsburgh. So I'm excited. Yeah. What about We need, we Need, we need, we need A receiver. Probably need another receiver. Yeah. By the Way, the, the winners of free agency are the teams that didn't have to do a lot like the Ravens just resigning Ronnie Stanley And Patrick Ricard. That's like the Eagles. Well the Eagles lost some more players than the Ravens lost players.


But like the winners of free agency are the teams that were already good and didn't lose a lot of guys. Yeah. They were, they're the big winners in free agency. 'cause they were already good. The 49 ERs have also lost a lot of guys. Yeah. Some to free agencies, some to trade. The most recent, I think they, they cut Leonard Floyd today and he got signed almost immediately by the Falcons. Yeah. So they're, they Need some, yeah. They're gonna be a much different team next year. Also, we should say winner and free agency, the Cowboys all in, because I don't know if you guys saw, but they signed a long snapper for three year, 4.4 or $5 million deal. So that's pretty big. All in my ass. Yeah. He's cooking Jerry's up to something. They also resigned. Kante. Turpen. Yep.


True, true. Max, how do you feel about the Eagles losing a lot of guys? That's the problem with winning Super Bowls. Yeah. Is that, you know, you provide good players and then those good players don't have contracts anymore. And then other teams can pay those players more than you can. So right now we're just offloading contracts, which kind of sucks. We just, we traded CJ Gardner Johnson. Yeah. He thought he was gonna be a leader. He was. He was one of your co-leaders. Yep. Darius Leigh retweeted something that, oh no. Kind of talked about that. Yeah. No, but C Gardner Johnson's actually been very mature about it. He did a, you know, a thank you Philadelphia Post. And then he also was on some live stream. He was talking about how it basically had to happen because he was like, I had to go, I just asked for them to send me to a contender because they have a lot of contracts that are coming up and they gotta, and the young, the young guys gotta get paid.


So that's basically what he said is we're not really saving that much cap space for this year. But we're saving a lot of cap space for the next couple years because we have a lot of guys on rookie contracts that are gonna have to get paid. Yeah. So even, even as he left town, he was being a leader. Yeah. No, he actually, he Didn't, he requested a trade right now in order to make the team better in the future. He didn't Request a trade. He just understood a, the, the trade. Okay. Like he, he understood that if he's there then, then Nolan Smith might not get, might not get paid. And Nolan Smith's gotta get paid. It's a business It business. It was a business. It was business. What about Beton? What's Beton gonna do? It Looks like he's gone. We're not gonna be able to afford to pay him either. We instead went and traded for statistically the worst.


The best Oh, The worst offensive lineman in the NFL. But Mackay Beckton was also a bad offensive lineman then. Facts Coach Stalin coached him up, got him ready. So hopefully we can do the same thing. Had a lot of potentially, he was a first round pick in 2022. So he is basically, you know, still a first rounder. We, we picked, we traded CJ Gardner Johnson for a first rounder. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's good. Also winner Denver Broncos. I feel like they did a good job of beefing up their defense, which, you know, the, the, the need to maybe just go and get, try to splurge on some wide receivers when the wide receiver market wasn't like robust. They avoided that and they're like, Hey, let's get a really good defense. And they got some X Niners to come and come and help them.


I also, by the way, because 'cause I have bashed him, but, and I'm now back to being a fan. Ryan Polls, I also think has done a good job of signing guys that their contracts will, it's usually it's about a two year or three year deal. Two year. Most of them. Where it's like that's when you're gonna have to pay Kle Williams if Kle Williams, you know, becomes great. Setting Yourself up. Right. So it's like, I think you don't want to get into something that's like five years from now. I I think that's why the Texans are getting rid of a lot of guys right now. Yeah. Is because they know that they're gonna have to pony up for, for CJ Stroud. Yeah. Also Stefan Diggs. I feel like he, he's gonna sign a pretty decent contract. Yeah. Right. He probably will. Like if you look At the free agent market for wide receivers this year, not that great.


No. There's some guys in the draft that I think probably some really strong receivers in the draft this year. But if you don't get one of them, I feel like he's probably the best that you can do. Also Giants fans. I think this is probably the end of the making fun of Saquon Barkley and not resigning him thing, but signing Darius Slaton for three years. 36 million when Saquon Barkley got three years. 37 million. That's the end though. I think it's the end. But that was pointed out a lot of times And it was also the one year anniversary of the Eagle signing Saquon Today. I Saw that Chefy like tweeted that comm one year anniversary. Really? It feels, it, it feels like everyone's just shitting on the Giants.


Which I get. Yeah. But just back off, they know what they did. Also Loser the Bengals are still have a bunch of guys that they have not paid that they need to pay. Yeah. And that seems like a pretty, pretty tough situation they're in right now. I have a question for you. Big Cat. Yes. Do you think that we've seen the last big quarterback move? No, I'm, I'm not talking count. Aaron Rogers. I'm not talking about Aaron Rogers. Joe Milton. I'm not talking about Joe Mil, Russell Wilson, Joe. I'm talking about a quarterback that has a job right now. Kirk Cousins. Kirk Cousins might be, I feel like Kirk Cousins may be to Cleveland Joe because right now, or Giants Cleveland's move is Kenny Pickett. He could be Giants too. He could also be a giant. I think we probably have seen the last of the big why.


Do you have something? No, I just heard something on the radio the other day and it got me thinking. Go ahead. Kyler Murray. Oh Yeah. Do the Cardinals love Kyler Murray? I don't think they should. I don't know if they should. And you got a coach that might need to shake something up. Mm. Keep his job. Interesting. I like that. I kind Of, yeah, I'm just saying keep it, keep an eye on the Cardinals. Okay. Up to something Also yesterday, the most important internet day of the year for NFL fans. Yeah. Yeah. And I've been a big proponent of everything Elon's been doing with x.com, the everything app. It's all happening on X. You are the media.


What the fuck was going on yesterday, Elon? It Was so bad. He Then he started to claim that he was probably getting hacked by Ukraine buddy. You got one job. And that's to make sure that Adam Schefter can tweet on Free Agency day in the NFL. Yeah. I like to tweet our coworker Nate had that Trump asked him to turn off Twitter. 'cause 'cause the stock market was Plummeted. Ah, interesting conspiracy. We also had, I I, I tweeted like something along the lines of like, Elon, your real fuckhead for having Twitter break On today of all days. And I didn't realize there is a group of people out there that ride for Elon harder than any fan base ever. Oh yeah. Yeah. I I mean I was the, was Rocket babies. I was, I was vaguely aware, but man, my replies were just, whew.


I think they searched for Elon Musk. It is crazy. He's got I didn't know that we, I didn't know we had, we had fans of the dude the way that people root for their teams. Yeah. No, we got a lot of Elon fuck boys out there that just, they're his online defenders. Me, I would, I would never, I would never, you know, root for another man like that and put all my hopes and happiness in how they do and how many interior offensive linemen they signed. Ryan Polls was cooking. Now have you seen the meme? That's legitimate criticism. And they're firing a gun at Elon Musk who's a who. And then there's a guy jumping into block the bullet and just says, weird nerds. No, I have not seen that meme. I have not seen that meme, but I Try.


I did, I've done everything that I possibly could to support Elon through his x.com. The everything app takeover. You just can't. And this is how he, this is how he repairs. You guys are Twitter. You must be getting paid a lot from, from their ads, right? No, not Really. So they just gave us the check mark. We didn't pay for the check mark. I haven't gotten a payout in seven months because it asked me to like, submit proof of my ID or something. I was like, fuck that. I'm not sending that in. I mean, I get like a couple hundred bucks a month maybe. It's not great thought it was gonna be more If you're yeah. If you're, if you are only getting a couple hundred bucks and it's can't be worth it for Anyone. Yeah. I it was a bad day for Twitter to be down. Just kick Very bad day. You Send some of those 19-year-old send big balls, the 19-year-old guy in Doge over to take a look at Twitter source code.


Just get It fixed. Fix that up for me. Alright, What other, what other free agent either teams or players? I, I we're gonna talk about Pete Prisco, we're gonna get into depth with him about winners and losers. I I'm starting to believe it's kind of like our Sam Darnell Baker Mayfield clip from like five years ago. I'm, I might start to believe in Zach Wilson again just because that, that offense is set up to just, you know, drop back throw. Well There's a lot of MILFs in Miami for him to impress. That's true. That's probably the best city in the world for him to go to. That's true. Hey, hey, pull up the, pull up the free agent signing tracker again. Max. Let's just go, I don't wanna, I don't want to say miss anyone. Go up to the top O Puna Ford.


That was big Puna Ford for the Rams. That was huge. We got a big run. Stop. Rams Are gonna be good man. Rams are gonna be good. Rams are gonna be Good. What are the Chargers doing? Can we, can we see it? Go back to that. Oh, Chargers got Najee Harris. Oh yeah, that's right. Chargers got Najee Harris. I'm trying to look, see if we missed any, any big ones. You're going too fast. I can't, I can't keep Trigger. I don't know If you want me to go fast or slow. I want you to go medium TVA Sword to the Cult. Yeah. Kyle JE got Released. Yep. That Sucked. It'd be nice to have him in DC It'd be nice to have him in New England. The, the, the Bucks resigned. God went in lte David and I think did they get, they got a, a pass rusher as well Teams.


I it didn't feel like, it felt like a lot of the big moves happened via trade. Yeah. You know, like on the week leading up and then Sunday night and then there weren't, once Sam Donald went. There's some nice pieces. But again, it's free agency. Like you, if you're getting someone in like Drew Dallman's gonna be a better center than what The Bears have had for a long time. But he's also not a perfect player because otherwise he wouldn't be in free agency. Right. That's just how it works. Ronnie Stanley didn't go to free agency. You know who else is a free agent right now? Trey Lance. Oh, Trey. Lance Cowboys gave up. Might just stay one draft picks for him. Didn't play him for some reason. Yeah. And now he's just, he's free to sign wherever. I think he's thrown like 400 passes as a NFL and collegiate Quarterback.


Yeah. So, oh yeah. Jam is still out there. There's your Big move. Yeah. Jamis is is lurking. There's your big, probably a bidding war for Jamis right now. Also is is Derek Carr gonna start for the Saints again? That's kind of one of those things that he is like, oh yeah, I guess I feel like, I guess so. I Feel like Kellen Moore's going to look at Derek Carr and be like, yeah, I can work with this. Yeah. All right. We'll give it a shot. I just, I, his, his name popped in my head last night. I was just like, oh yeah, he is gonna play for the Saints. Yeah. Again, we're Gonna do that. Let's see, Brandon, she, has he signed anywhere? Nope. So there's some still some, some names out there. PFTI like the Laramie Tunsil. I don't understand it from the Texans. I like Laramie Tunsil, I like Kinlaw. I like Kin Law.


Yeah, you did a lot of good things. Good moves Meme. Just shaking his head no, for some reason. Oh, for Kinlaw. Jevon Kinlaw is, that was the worst contract of all time. Oh. That we gave him. Oh, Here we go. He was on the worst, The Worst contract of all time. You guys just let Jonathan Allen walk and you signed J von Kinlaw. There Was a lot of shit. Wait, Deshaun Watson still is that contract still is is going. You're Right. Second worst. Second worst. Second worst. What about Aaron Rogers? Nah, he was a stud. He still got some ball left in Top five. Top five. You think that was the worst contract given out yesterday? It was so bad. It, it was so bad. Oh, I didn't know Yet. Yeah, you got some real animosity towards kin. Some tape Here. He's, he's the king of just like, alright, plays over 15 yard penalty.


Jevon kin law. You can't stop the run. He can't do much. He was on prove deal last year and just didn't prove anything. Bet on himself though. Well, I mean, It sounds like you proved I don't if he got that much money. Got 45 million. You Love guys who bet on themselves. I do. I do. But now he's your problem. He's now he's my problem. Coach Quinn. Coach Quinn. He's gonna, he's gonna coach him up. Other than that, you did a great job. Thanks memes. Appreciate that. Oh, what else did the Jets do? Got a safety a corner. They also told Peter Schrager that we're not going, they're not gonna leak any information. What? So we don't know. They could have signed more guys. Wait, They, so they leaked to Peter Schrager that they will will be stopping the leaks. Yeah, they, they will, they'll be announcing everything at 12 o'clock when the official period starts.


They're respecting the league year. Yeah. Respecting the league year. So everything that got announced was from the agent or a player side. Got it. You're Not supposed to sign anyone right now. Yeah, But everyone's being signed. Right. But you're not supposed to. You're not supposed to. It's Actually illegal. So we shouldn't, we actually shouldn't even, we should leave. We should talk about it. This footage. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah. I like this whole thing. I like the Jets though, being we're the only ones that are going to respect the official NFL free agency Deadlines. Wait, does that mean there're they, there's like, there's gonna be a flurry of signings that you're expecting. I, I hope so. But Justin Fields got leaked. Deleted. He deleted. Yeah, but that's from the player side. So the player side could leak it, but inside the building, I don't fucking know. So What Sweet. So, so they're basically just telling you, don't Worry players and their agents would leak it if they were signing with the jets though.


Wait, So the Jets are basically doing, like, if you forget your significant others, like birthday or like Valentine's Day, you're like, wait till you see the president. I got you. Yeah. It's, it's coming later. It's in the mail and then you have to like rush out and grab something. That's what they're doing. Yeah. That's what they're doing. He also deleted that tweet immediately and then quote tweeted somebody who was just like, yeah, they're not telling anybody anything. Okay. What about your boy, one of the saviors of the season from last year meme? Hassan Reddick. Oh, we got a conditional fourth round pick for him. He Got a fourth round for him. So now he's pick the picks. Now he's with the Bucks. Right? He's with the bucks. Whatever. What happened with that? What? Did you ever find out what the explanation was? Why, like, you guys should have extended him when you signed him, when you traded for him.


Yeah, we should have. And then it was just a hold off between him and Joe Douglas. He never came in, got fat, refused to play, didn't get a contract, went to free agency. I love being just breakdowns of these things. I, because that was, that was such a weird, weird saga that went on. Yeah, It was. Yeah. It was very Weird. It, it didn't work out. He got a one year deal. Yeah. Also. Yeah. Congrats to the Bucks. Chris Godwin big resigning. Yeah. Bigs resigning. I was hoping he was coming to New England. They know what they're doing in that front office down there. Yeah. Alright. Should we do Hot Seat? Cool. Own. And then we'll get to our interviews. We're gonna talk more NF NFL Free Agency With Pete Prisco.


And then we have Dusty May as well. We're gonna actually start with Dusty May. Let's do Hot Seat. Cool Throne. It is brought to you by our friends at Reese's. Reese's Peanut butter cups are the perfect combo of chocolate and peanut butter. You can buy Reese's cups basically anywhere. Feed your fandom. Reese's cups are the be perfect compliment to the chaos of March. A drool worthy combination of chocolate and peanut butter to go wild for I love Reese's and my number one, it's my one one s tier. We have 'em in the office and I eat one a day at least. I, I love Yeah. Hank, you and I, well, peanut butter and chocolate guys through and through forever. So eat Reese's peanut butter cups. Feed your fandom.


I'll be eating the mall. March Madness. I'm excited. Reese's is the best. The lava cup too. Whew. They're, they're very good. They also brought The, at the caramel lava cup. Yep. That is outstanding. Outstanding. They brought the, the four sleeve. Yeah. So that's just, you're ready to go. You Know, I do those. I I take two out. I'm like, I'm gonna eat two and then leave two for somebody else. I come back, the two are still there. I ate the four. Yeah. Always. Always. Every time. Reese is the best. Alright. Hank your Hot Seat. Cool trunk. My Hot Seat is Tiger Woods. Ah. Yeah. Took him Very unfortunate. Today he put out a statement that said, as I began to ramp up my own training and practiced home, I felt a sharp pain in my left Achilles, which was deemed to be ruptured.


Mm. He got surgery for today. Surgery went well. Smoothly. We expect a full recovery. And he said he is back home now. Plan to focus all my recovery in rehab. Thank you for all the Support. All right. Okay. Is that his, is that his driving foot? I don't know, but it just, it's clutch foot. It's just injury after injury. It's over. It's over. It sucks, but it's over. It's probably over. Yeah. Yeah. He should enjoy his life. He's the best golfer I've ever seen. So go enjoy your Life. Senior tour maybe. That'd be Cool. Just see him dominate. Get ready for just get Charlie ready And then just Yeah. Play in the majors. Yeah. And get Charlie ready to go next up. And then my cool throne is Superman punches.


Mm. Yeah. Yeah. This is sick. Last night in the Utah hockey game. Simon. Benoit. Benoit. I don't know. Probably Benoit. Probably Benoit. Yep. I like the way You say it. Benoit like Beloit, Wisconsin. Who was the bad wrestler guy? Ooh, That would be Chris Benoit Be was Benoit. What'd he do? Why is he Best? I thought it was Benit. He just wasn't great at selling Punch Nokin. He was a murderer. Bad guy. Was he on Adam Shefter tweet? Oh, we'll have go check that out. Probably before Twitter. Was that 2007? Yeah, it was A long time ago. Oh. Justin Reed breaking news. Justin, Is there no Benos? No, it's Benoit. Benoit. But I feel like there's someone out there that's named Benoit. All right. So if you're a Benoit, hit us up for Chief Safety.


Safety. Justin Reed Reach agreement today with the Saints on a three year $31.5 million deal. All right. Good for Him. For him. Ah. Yeah. So Simon Benoit. Yep. Be Threw a Superman punch in a fight. He kind of missed it. He dislocated his thumb. But then hockey guy move was in the penalty box, relocating his thumb himself. Love That. Relocating it On, dislocating it. Re reducing the dislocation. Relocating. Is It? Relocated. You dislocated. What's the opposite of dislocation? I think it's relocated. I think it, I dunno. Popping it back in the place. Popping it back in. I like relocating. Yeah, relocating is good. Utah hockey's big on that. Benoit.


Benoit. Okay. He was sick but he lost the fight. Yeah. He got smoked If if a man You went all out. Yeah. Like you have that picture in your house forever. It doesn't matter. Don't Ask me what happened afterwards. Yeah, I did the Superman punch. It went, it was fun. It is an insane move to do in a hockey fight Though, on skates. Yeah. Yeah. I respect it. Alright. PFT. Yeah. I mean, Hank took my tiger from me. So I'll say my Hot Seat is doctors in Argentina. Oh. Because the guys, the doctors that were looking after my, my personal hero, Diego Marana, maybe the best soccer player of all time and fellow Short King. They are currently being put on trial for homicide, for killing Diego Marna.


What, I guess we're about to find out what happened. But he was being treated for a blood clot in his brain. They Took his cocaine from him. It had nothing to do with cocaine. The, the 2018 World Cup where Marna is up in the stands and his private box, that was the box of the decades. Yes. Because there's this glass pane that's in front of Marna and it's covered in white powder. This guy was having the best time ever, ever. So he died in 2020. And then he had, he had that, that blood clot in his brain. He had surgery, it was a success. Then he goes home. Then he died shortly thereafter. And they're saying that the doctors actually killed him. He's been dead for five years. Yeah. Pretty crazy. Right?


That's crazy. Yeah. So I would say that, yeah. Okay. I say justice for Marna. Yeah, I'd agree. He was, He was the absolute Best. I'd like to see the findings here. And Then my Cool Throne is the Big 12 because they're playing the tournament right now and their court is the weirdest fucking thing I've ever seen in my entire life. And the commissioner of the Big 12 said that it's actually a resounding success because so many people are talking about it. Oh, okay. So embrace debate the court at the Big 12 tournament, which looks like a magic eye. It looks like if you've ever put on a VR headset and asks you to scan the room to know where the walls in the floor are, that's what it looks like. They're Playing, they're playing basketball on a Louis Vuitton back. Yeah. It it's like a And it's a, it's a Brooklyn Nets game.


It's, it's bad. I feel like if you're a player on the court, you probably don't mind it that much. But if you watch it on tv it sucks ass. Yeah, Yeah. It is. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. Okay. My Hot Seat is UNC fans because whoa, I don't know if you guys saw but Cooper Flag's mom there, there was a viral clip over the weekend of doing the on the head. 'cause he threw down a dunk and she released a statement and she said it was a very intense situation we were put into And we were taken back by the crudeness of UNC fans. We made our way into the arena. They continued to harass us with much worse being spewed in our direction as well as our 18-year-old son and his teammates throughout the entirety of the game. Celebration was a moment of being so proud of our kid.


And also a big fuck you to the entire Carolina fan base for being classless assholes if you're a UNC fan and didn't like it. Tough shit. Better luck next time. Go Duke. I love this. Yeah, that's good. That's awesome. That's also the, it's just apology for I, I apologize for absolutely nothing. Well, it started soft. Yeah. It started like, yeah. It's rivalry week. I was getting Yeah, of course they're gonna be chirping you, but you should be allowed to chirp back. Yeah. That's a good, that's a good response. Yeah. I, I love this so much because never in a million years would you expect a Duke player's mom to be putting that statement. Right. Yeah, it was, it was. That was it Was very on Duke of her. Yeah. Which is a compliment. Yeah. Big time compliment. My other Hot Seat is me because my 16 and oh streak has ended 16 in a row. I'll never do it again. It was a hell of a eight days.


I'm sad it's over. And now I'm just gonna go on tilt for a little bit and then hopefully find my way back to neutral, which is like going like 46% Now. You got this, you there's one thing about like getting high. If you go on like a five and five and oh run six and oh run, you can chalk a lot of that up to luck. 16. 16, 16. And Oh, you, you knew the game better than the bookmakers. Yeah. I had one moment I would like to, I I would like to take back, 'cause I got into bed last night and I just muttered I have nothing to live for anymore. And my wife was like, what did you just say? So that was bad. But in the moment I was very upset about the 16th. I mean, it was fun. It was a fun ride. Thank you for everyone who, who rode with me and, and congrats to Hank.


'cause he is gonna fade me now and he's gonna win a shit load of money. It's gonna be a great ride. Yeah. You made a lot of people rich in March. Yeah. So thank you. And now you get to you, you, you put in the puts. It's the big short, there's A bubble. Yeah. You made a lot of people once in March. You saw, you saw me buying a of people that rode you during the streak rich and now you're gonna make the people. Yeah. Now I'm gonna give it all back. Yeah. So you're, you're Robin Hood. You saw, you saw me buying a stripper pole and in a boat and you're, and you called Michael Scott and you were like, Hey, it's a bubble. We gotta we gotta short everything. Hank's Ryan Gosling and he, he takes out one Jingga piece and it just says UNCW. Yeah. And then he smashes the rest of it with a baseball bat. Congrats. It's gonna be a hell of a ride for you, Hank. You might go 16 o the other way it might happen.


And then my cool throw is Timothy Chalamet just 'cause he's the man and I saw him, was it Kylie Jenner? Yep. Was it Kylie? Kylie Jenner rubbing up on him. I would've came just gonna say that. But he's, does he have top five life right now going? Yeah, it's pretty good. I mean he's literally, what, how old is he? 23 Or 27. And He's got the world by his balls. He's, he's like universally loved. He seems like a cool ass dude. He's got Kylie Jenner and her big jugs rubbing up on him while he is watching tennis. He's 29 years old. He's got like everything in front of him right now And he knows Ball And he knows Ball. He's probably not Kylie Son.


Alga Kylie's probably gonna break up with him during the tournament. Yeah. He's gonna be like, sorry babe, I gotta watch, I gotta watch Ball. You understand? Yeah. The, the a good follow on Twitter, big content guy had a funny tweet about how we're so dumb as sports fans that all you gotta do is just like say one thing about Ball and everyone's like, dude, that guy rocks. Yeah. And he, I think, hold on, I'm gonna Find it's Miami of Ohio. What? Yeah. Yeah. He was like, if Osama Bin Laden had said, I really like what, what Miami of Ohio's doing this year. We all would've been like, you know what? That wasn't that bad what he did. Yeah. He is kinda of a guy's guy. I Mean, just hung out with the boys and the caves had the monkey bars set up. Yeah. Yeah. Essentially Al-Qaeda was just training camp.


It Was the gambling cave. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. Timothy Alma's proof that you can change an entire nation's perception of you by knowing Ball. If Osama Bin Laden would've declared his love for Miami Ohio's football program, we would've been like, you know, we can always just rebuild those towers. Yeah. It's, it's if if Kim Jong, if Kim Jong got three picks right on college game day, I'm pretty sure we'd all just be like, that's just our culture. He ain't doing nothing wrong. Yeah, It's True. We're easy. Kim, listen, Kim Jong-un does no ball. He does. Yeah. He's a massive, huge Rodman guy. Massive Fan of the nineties Balls. Yeah. Big, big Rodman guy. If you're, yeah, if you're playing 2K online and you don't know who, who you're playing against, it's at a weird time of day. Chances are pretty good that it's Kim Jong-un in North Korea.


Yeah. Yeah. Agreed. Alright, should we get to our interviews? We got two great ones. Dusty May and Pete Prisco talking more NFL free agency and good luck to everyone in March Madness. It's here. We're Gonna get into Dusty May


in a second. He is brought to you by truly it is about to be an unruly boy Summer. Pretty pumped about truly being on board here. I love the Berry Blast Big Cat. What's your favorite Strawberry Smash? And then Hank, you like the Citrus Crush? Yes sir. Yeah. Truly is good. Pass me one of those. Truly Edelman's. Truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. 8% a BV. It hits hard but it still tastes amazing. 8% A BV if you're looking to have a couple pops this summer, if you're getting outside springtime looking to get out on the golf course, 8% A BV is going to be what you're looking for. It comes in four fresh flavors, the Tropical Twist, the Berry Blast, citrus Crush, and the Strawberry Smash. It is the official hard seltzer of, Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com. That's truly hard. seltzer.com get involved.


Truly Hard Seltzer


Dusty May is also brought to you by Experian. March Madness is good in terms of madness and basketball. Madness and credit is bad. To take control of your credit and your finances, make sure you pick the Experian app. Experian could be your financial Cinderella with tons of free tools at your finger fingertips to help you take control of your financial life. The amount of free tools you get with Experian could fill a bracket with things like your free FICO score. You could boost your FICO score instantly free with Experian Boost. It's got free credit monitoring with alerts to keep you in the know on changes to your profile. It's got free access to a marketplace of credit card loan and auto insurance options all matched to you. Freeze your credit file for free, helping protect you against identity theft. Make sure you're ready for your one shining moment with Experian. Go to the app store and download the free Experian app now. Results will vary. See the app store for details, go to the app store, download the free Experian app right now, and now here is Dusty May.


Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, recurring guest. Little different this time. Last time was with FAU and his run to the final four. It is Michigan Wolverine's head coach. Dusty May. It is March. We're excited. Coach, I guess we gotta start with the, the elephant in the room. Sunday had a little dust up with Michigan State. Did you know that you're not supposed to step on another man's logo? Was that, was that ever coached, you know, in any of your meetings with the, with the team? Well, the size of the logo, I, I, I assumed after the game we probably wouldn't be on the logo for senior night, but as the game was going on, I didn't know that that was unchartered territory.


Yeah. Especially, especially the, we're shooting a free throw and the time before that, the, the free throw situation before that, they gr we missed it. They grabbed it, led it to half court, and Cohen car was at the rim in about a second and a half. So we are actually imploring our guys to stay alert and in case we miss the free throw to, to be ready to defend and yeah, we we didn't realize that it was gonna, that that would in in incite a wrestling maneuver, but now we know. Yeah. And IIII would assume that you, you know, obviously you don't want players, you know, fighting at half court, but it's a rivalry. I I would assume you're, you're a sports guy, you love basketball, you, you know, that's rivalries are good for sports, this is what fans want.


Yeah, I I I'm a big fan of Joel Missoula with the Celtics, so I was very intrigued by his comment about how the, the players should, should fight a lot more. And, and I'm not sure that I subscribe to that Big Cat, but the the thing of it is, is is there's already a player that came out and, and they told us, the officials came over and said, Hey, they have a tradition, they're gonna kiss the floor. And I, I'd probably seen mic the matte cleaves had had done it before and, and I'd even read where Reper had done it before or after the fact. But I, I don't watch a lot of Michigan State senior nights, so I, I didn't know the exact protocol and procedures and, and even now I'm a little bit surprised that they do it during the game. Typically you take your seniors out, they get a ovation, they kiss the court and, and they move on or they, they hug their teammates, whatever the case.


And, and the officials told me this is gonna happen. I said, great. It. And, and so I think it was Fiddler kissed the court went out, took the applause, and then I forget the next player came out and, and something, and our players were standing in the exact same spot they're having. It actually looked like they were having a conversation. And by the way we played it pro they probably weren't talking about the next assignment, but they're standing half court chatting and then just out of the blue something angered holloman and obviously came in with the, with the, the, the aggressive maneuver and, and, but yeah, now we know, we'll, we'll I guess put our, you know, hopefully we're not in this situation anymore, but next time we'll clear the logo that covers about a third of the court and, and keep it rolling.


Yeah. You gotta respect the ass kissing. Yes. The ass kissing is a, a big, a big deal there. So in, in a way is this, could this be a, a good thing going into the conference tournament? Because in hockey I always feel that way. If, if like the team I'm rooting for loses a big hockey game and there's a big fight at the end, you know, stir things up a little bit, get the sticks, tapping a little bit, change the momentum. At least you guys are fired up right. Going into the tournament. Could you, could you spin this into be a good thing? Yeah, and and to be honest, we were, we were atrocious to begin the game the first 10 minutes. They, they were playing at a different speed. They were, they were playing two x on podcast And we were at 0.5 and the, the second half we competed at a high level.


We, we looked, we looked like us again, even though we didn't really make shots, we took care of the ball, we defended much better. We play with, with more aggression and physicality. So it gives us hope that we can find our, our stride. This, this last week or so against some of the most talented teams in the league. We haven't, we haven't competed at the level we needed to or play as well as, as, as we could have. But now a new season starts. We're excited for the Big 10 tournament. Hopefully a Sunday would be a, a great rematch. Yeah. So yeah, I mean your season's been interesting because you guys obviously started really hot and the end of the season has been, you know, the big ten's tough it wears on everyone. What is the, the message though, when it's like you lose three straight going to the tournament, A lot of this tournament, you know, because you've been to a Final Four is getting hot at the right time.


So is it, is it drastically changing anything or is it, hey, we just have to start doing the little things better? Well, in the Big 10 now there, there are breaks that, that you receive or, or you're on the, the wrong end. And, and our schedule, I think we played four games in the last 13 days against the be against some of the best opponents. So where other teams had it earlier and, and obviously we have an advantage being in the Midwest where we're closer to most of the teams in the Big 10, the West coast schools have to travel more. There's, there's just disadvantage and advantages of being in a, in a league this big. So now by us securing the double by, we have, we have some time to practice and rest. We really haven't had an opportunity to practice in a couple weeks because the, the, the quick turns and the, the mandatory day, day offs and whatnot.


And we're, we're not, we don't have a, we don't have the depth that a lot of the other teams have. We, we've got a couple reserves that have been injured and ill and haven't played. And so we've been riding really six guys during this stretch. So it gives us a chance to kind of take a deep breath, find a way to get healthy, and then also practice for a couple days and, and, and try to clean up a few things. Yeah. Do you have a message to any Wolverine fans out there that might be thinking about hitting the panic button? 'cause I think, I think the panic button might be in the room. They might be looking at it. They haven't, they haven't smashed it just yet. But to those fans out there, do you have anything to say to them? Give us, give us, give us two weeks. These are the most important games coming up and Yeah, I I wouldn't hit it quite yet.


We, we still have a group. We, we've got a heck of a front line that that's continuing to, to put up staggering numbers even when they're not playing their best. And, and I believe that, that we're gonna make some shots, you know, if if you would've said we were gonna shoot 30% over Big 10 play, I would've said, man, we're done early, we're not gonna get, we probably won't make the Big 10 tournament. And that's what we ended up doing after being really 20 games in, we were one of the top shooting teams in the country. Top 20 shooting teams in the country from three and top three or four from two. And over the last 14 games or so, I think we're around 355th or 360th. So there's been a big drop off in shooting. One of the, the, the factors is one of our best shooters hasn't played in a while, so, but yeah, I I I think we're gonna make some shots.


We're, we were really close yesterday, we generated some good looks that just didn't drop. So I, I think we're much closer than the scores as indicates as of late. I got a kind of, not a basketball nerd question, but obviously your team this year, very, very good struggle with turnovers. That's been a kind of the bugaboo all year for you guys. What, is there a specific drill or is there something that you do as a coach where you're trying to fix that? Because I'm just curious, like it's, it seems like something that would be difficult to fix, but I'm, I'm wondering what, as a basketball coach, you're like, this is what we have to go through to clean this part of our game up. Because if we can clean this part up, we're, we're probably a lot better of a team than people expect. Well, early in the year we attributed to, to, we were playing a little bit faster than these guys had ever played.


We were, we were really trying to sell something for the future. The recruits a system, a style of play. And, and, and then we realized that we weren't really turning it over when we were playing fast. It was mostly just the decision making, the the ball movement. We've tried every drill. I've consulted probably 25 different coaches. There's actually a group of us that were really struggling earlier in the year turnovers that we were communicating with each other about what we were trying to do, what, you know, and, and, and so the, the, the other two guys that were down at the bottom with us, those guys have made, they made a nice jump late so they were able to fix it and, and with using the same ideas. So we just haven't been able to Yesterday we did in the second half, but it's a, it's a myriad of things.


I think we had three or four turnovers on, on illegal screens. We've been trying, we've been imploring our guys to screen more and get their teammates open. So it's been a, a different problem every night with, there haven't been real consistent themes and it's, it's something where hopefully yesterday, the second half, the light bulb went on and, you know, hopefully we can figure this out before it's too late. Okay. Couple idea, one, one thing off that you, so there was a turnover group text. Who else was on it? That's awesome. I, I, I'll just say my good friend, coach White at Georgia, who I worked with Okay. For a number of years at Louisiana Tech in Florida. And I was actually talking to one of his assistants this morning. I said, Hey, I haven't checked your, your turnover numbers lately. They've won, they've won their last four or five games against really, like they've caught, they found their stride in the last five games.


And I asked if their turnover numbers were drown, were down 'cause I didn't have time to, to research it. And he said drastically. And okay. I asked him what they were doing and he told me the two drills that they had, they had done consistently. I said, yeah, we did those as well. They didn't work for us. That's, I mean, that's awesome that you had a therapy group with, you know, the, the coaches with high turnover teams. The other thought is, have you thought about maybe making everyone on the team dribble around a basketball in Ann Arbor and letting like the entire student body know, like, Hey, you can pickpocket at any time. Like, these guys have to do a better job with the ball, just really making it just playground rules. Well, Big Cat actually ours, a lot of our issues are over dribbling. Okay. So we're trying to go the other way. Okay.


We'd like for these guys to be, to be passing through crowds, passing around the, the fans walking the side sidewalks. But it's something to think about. Okay. Yeah. So you need to have, you need to pair everyone up and be like, you guys have to go to class together and you have to pass the ball can hit the ground. You have to pass all the way to class. I like it. Okay. Or, or just run the, the three man weave. Yeah. For an entire practice. Yeah. Just ball never hits the floor. Yeah. I, I always loved that drill because it was really fun to do as a player, but I don't think it helps in a basketball sense at all. The three man weave, There's a lot of, there's a, that that's actually a, a, a, a, a debate, ongoing debate amongst coaches and, and it serves different purposes. Catching on the run and, and whatnot is not that easy.


But a lot of times the defenders have something to do with it. Especially when your playing team as physical, as Michigan State and as intense as they are and as deep as they are, they have a lot to do with those turnovers. And, and you, you've gotta find a way to, to slow down and, and make simple decisions and, and, and reads. I would just run a practice where I'd five guys on offense and then I'd have eight guys on defense and be like, take care of the ball. We've done that against pressing teams. It helps. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. What, what, so what's Danny Wolfe's ceiling? 'cause I love watching him play. You know, I, I'm a badger. I, we played earlier in the season, in, in the Vlad Danny Wolf Pick and roll was, I had nightmares about it afterwards. It just worked like over and over and you guys are just running it over and over.


But Danny Wolf, he's, he's an incredible player. And, and like, what do you think his ceiling is as a player? I mean, he's just scratching the surface to be honest. Big Cat. He, he can shoot it, you know, he is still learning to trust his catch and shoe shot. He's always been such a playmaker that his first instinct is usually to catch and dribble and, and drive. And we're trying to get him to, to trust his three ball more for his long-term future. And for us, we have, like, I, as I said, we have a shot of well, but his ability to dribble the ball, make, make difficult passes. I mean, he's, he's got a special, special gift and he continues to try to simplify his game to get his turnovers down. But that, that Wisconsin game was kind of their coming out party and we're glad to, to do it against your alma mater game.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it, it's a great story too. Danny Wolf, like he usually, when a guy transfers from an Ivy League, 'cause he went to Yale, it's like, you know, a fifth year senior or something, and he is like gonna be, you know, a role player. He was, he should have been, and he should have been been playing Power five basketball from the jump. He's that good. And, and he's a little bit of a late bloomer. I think even his freshman year at Yale, he, he had several dps didn't play a lot. And that summer he played with the Israeli national team and just part of, of playing more and having confidence. And then his sophomore year he really exploded and became one of the best players in, in the Ivy League and at, at his height. The situations worked out well for him too. I, I do think Vlad his ability to, to get behind the defense and catch any, any basketball and, and in his vicinity has, has really helped Danny as a pastor and helped his production and, and as you guys saw in the bars still imitation last year, that that's a, that's a big target to around that rim.


Yeah. Coach, we, we take ourselves pretty seriously as journalists here. And one part of that is trying to dispel any fake news that goes around. So I wanna give you the opportunity to, to get ahead of this because we have an internal reporter here, a person who works at bars, school sports. His name is White boy Rick, and he is a massive Indiana Hoosiers fan. He reported that you would be the next Indiana Hoosiers head coach. Can we just say, is white boy Rick, is he onto something? Because I think it's fake. I think he made that up as a fan, but I'll give you the opportunity to say what you want about it. I'm gonna go fake news on that one. Okay. Fake News, white boy Rick is fake. Sorry, White boy Rick. Alright, but off that, I, you're, you're staying at Michigan, I think you signed into Contract Extens.


Congratulations on that. Thank you. Part of you does feel good when your name just gets thrown out there. When, when you see Indiana and, and everyone's like, he could save us. That's gotta feel at least good for the ego. You're never gonna, you're never gonna leave. You're a Michigan man, but that has to feel a little good where you're just like, yeah, let me read a couple, a couple Indiana fans being like, we need Dusty Maye right now. Actually, it, it doesn't because ah, You're a better guy than us winning Game wi winning games and, and, and people that coaches and, and people that you really, really respect. Saying, saying nice things about you. Those are, those are the ones that, the only ones that really matter as, as far as that other stuff. You know, it it, you lose a game and, and it, it's not, but yeah, I'm very, very happy at Michigan.


I appreciate the opportunity that these guys gave me and, and, and I'm excited about the, the foundation that we've laid in year one. Yeah. See, all right, so you're a better guy than us because I would definitely, if I, if I were in your spot, I, there would definitely be moments where like players would try to talk to me and I'd be buried in my phone and be like, sorry white boy Rick and who, who's your bong rips are saying they need me so bad right now. Who's your he, who's your bong grips ball that it's hard to pass up a compliment from that guy. Like, this is awesome. I'm their savior. Now that we're on topic now, I didn't, I wasn't aware of the Hoosier bong rips felt Swinging. That guy doesn't exist. Well, I'm assuming he's got a real keen eye for, for Hoos. Yeah.


Quiet eye. He's got a quiet eye. Yeah, they're red, but yeah, he's got a good eye. I read that you biked to work every single day. Is did you keep that up throughout the entire winter in Ann Ann Arbor or did you take a couple days off? I took a couple months off. Yeah, that that okay. Was a, a Boca thing. And I tried it. The, the first day it got cold, I tried it and I was about a mile off the road and my hands were frozen. So then I'm, I'm riding with one hand switching hands and so yeah, I didn't work out. I I parked the bike, the sun, it's 60. My wife just texted me a little bit ago, I left early and she said it's 60 today. Make sure you make your calls outside. Yeah. And so apparently we're gonna get a little bit of that Boca weather now and, and you know, I'm excited for it.


Did, did it hurt a little losing that as a recruiting, you know, chip, because we, when we last talked, when we last had you on you, I think you said like, Hey, when recruits come here, I just say look outside. What do you, how did you get your FAU guys to come up to Ann Arbor? We did you just trick 'em? Did you tell, did you delete the weather app off their phone The spring, summer and fall in, in Ann Amar. Ann Arbor are amazing. So that's when we're doing most of the official visits. Okay. And so we brought a lot of guys up from the south, so they didn't get hit with that, with the sledgehammer in until about really November, December. And it was too late. They'd already signed up. They're already here. So Yeah. And you gotta just tell 'em, Hey, look, in the winter you're gonna be locked in the gym anyway. We gotta get you better. So it's like, this is no distractions.


You're in the gym, Big Cat. You, you gotta help. You're, you're a heck of a salesman. Let me know if you're, let me know if you're interested in us creating a GM position. I would never do it for Michigan. Although actually maybe I I kind of technically am just by working at Barstool Sports. Dave. Yeah. Well, Dave, I mean, everything at this company is just geared towards Michigan. NIL. So I don't know if you heard that. You probably did. You probably have been in on meetings. I've, that I've heard that. Every podcast we do on, Pardon My Take like half of the proceeds go to Michigan. NIL People don't realize that. I like that. I'm a, I'm a big fan. It sounds like we have one of the, the best leaders quarterbacks coming in, so Yeah. About that. He's made A great first impression. Yeah. Get on the phone with Larry Ellison, be like, Hey, I, I hear that your wife really likes this guy.


I, this this five star recruit from Damath. Yeah. Big fan. So, so we had Rick Pitino in, in, in studio a couple weeks ago. He said he's not even recruiting high school guys this year. Is is that something that you've considered or is it like, we still gotta do both because it, obviously everything's changed with the NIL We're gonna do both. We, we signed two high school players early, technically three. And we brought one in at Christmas time to, to red shirt second semester. We thought that would help his development for next year. So we're gonna do accommodation of both. We, we do think for long-term sustainability at Michigan, our, there's a lot more constraints in recruiting than there are other places as far as we can't take third year juniors.


There, there's some things that, so we have to, to, to have a feeder system and, and be developing some young players and, and also just the way that we like to coach And we like to teach. We enjoy the relationship piece. We enjoy having lifelong relationships with them. So we're gonna do accommodation. We're obviously gonna hit the portal this spring aggressively, but we're gonna continue to recruit high school players as well. Just not as many as before. Yeah. What is a Michigan man and can you become a Michigan man or is it something that you're born with? You're definitely not born a Michigan man. I'm, I'm evolving into one right now. So it, it's, it's someone that, this place, there's so much pride and esteem in the, the connection, the relationships that the brand of Michigan, what it stands for.


It, it truly is an honor to, to walk into the functions and, and meet the people that, that I'm able to meet as the coach and our players are able to interact with. So we take a lot of pride in, in representing Michigan and, and what it stands for. And, and, and, and the Michigan man is, is real to us. We're trying to find guys that are, they're high achievers. They're extremely motivated. They, they care about other people. And, and you know, we, we've we've done a good job of identifying those in the, in the first cycle. I know that you're, you're always looking to improve yourself as a coach. And I, I read that you were reading the, was it the Know Your Why book? The Why is Everything, the book with Shanahan McDaniel McVay, I think you, you might have read that this fall.


What did you pick? I did, yeah. What'd you pick up from that, that you relate to your job? Oh man. The, the, the, the evolution of McVay number one. I think we all go through it at a different stage. I know years and years ago I was an assistant coach and, and, And we got fired and, and I com it caused me to completely realign my values and I became instantly became a much better coach, much better mentor, much better father. And so that was, that's the one thing that really stood out. And then obviously just the shanahan's their, their forward thinking, I don't follow football anymore. I I used to, you know, once when you have kids and you have this a job that's just demanding you, you can't spend six or eight hours on a Sunday watching football or, you know, I do, I do watch college football still, but, and, and so just the, the, the evolution of what that coaching tree was able to accomplish and, and how the forward thinking and the connection amongst them, how they helped each other and how they saw things in people that others didn't see and had a different way of doing things.


'cause especially for us starting this year, we felt like we had to be different in some way. We couldn't simply come in and try to play like Purdue or play like Michigan State, be a carbon copy and beat them at their own game. So we went with the two seven footers. We tried to do things differently and, and, and it allowed us to be in contention in the last couple weeks of the season. And, and that's all you can ask for other than finishing the job. Yeah. So in the course of a season, you have all these up and down ups and downs. How many times would you say after a practice you're like, that was a Bob Knight practice? 'cause obviously, you know, you you started your basketball career underneath him in, at Indiana. Was there, is there a moment where you can be like, yeah, you know what, that was a Bob Knight practice. Like the guys, we, we worked them really hard and they, and they felt it and it was, we got a lot done.


Can you, can you, can you pinpoint how many Bob Knight practices you have a year? We didn't have any this year. Oh No, We didn't have any. Maybe you need to get one this week. We, we need, we will have a few, we'll have a few, but we, we had a lot of, you know, we brought some guys in that didn't practice all summer. We were shorthanded really until September was the first time we could actually scrimmage with a full group. So we just didn't have the manpower to really bang with the physicality and, and, and develop the habits that we needed to, to, to be a a you know, there's a, I said it yesterday in the post-game press conference, there's a big divide between first and second. Yeah. And we learned that this year. But going forward, we, we do know that to get there, what it's gonna take and, and it's gonna be whether we're willing to do it or not, and then catch the breaks you need to, as far as health and whatnot.


Would he ever turn fouls off in practice? Would ever, would he, would he ever be like, all right, we're gonna gonna scrimmage and there's no, no fouls. Yeah. And even I was talking to Damon Meyer, Georgia Tech and, and about this, this past summer. And one of the ways that he said his, the, the best teams he's been on or been a part of in the summer, they would have basically like bodies on bodies practices and then bodies off body were like one day a week they would just be able to foul the heck out of each other and you're simulating certain opponents and Yeah. And then other days you're, you're simulating just playing good solid positional defense, trying not to make contact so your guys are comfortable and familiar playing against any different style because there have been times when Vlad will have an off game finishing around the paint and, and we'll be watching film and I'll say, what, what happened here?


What'd you see? And he'll say, the guy just moved outta my way. It almost, it threw me off because I was expecting contact. Right. And so just, but yeah, we, we, you know, if we're, if you're healthy and you got a full roster, we, we didn't play with near the level of physicality and toughness that Michigan State did. I Would love to turn V off for practice. Just be like, go for it boys. And if you don't want your players to hate you, you can outsource that too. You can call up Dan Campbell, be like, Hey coach, come in, run a practice for us. Have our guys just beat the shit out of each other. And then you get to come in and be good cop later on. I like that. That's a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. And if you're looking for a gm, I mean, you can, you can copy what the, what the Bonnies did with woe call up Shefter.


Yeah. Shefter would probably jump at the opportunity Rich. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Wo is actually a good friend of mine and, And we were talking throughout that process and, and so I I I tried to make a few overtures and, and I was, I was turned down. Yeah. Yeah. Did you, did you actually want woes to work for you? Or, or were you like kidding around with him about that? No, I did with, without a doubt. With, with the, the, the scope that he's able to, to, I mean, he's, he's got a, a a worldwide brand that position and, and, and I think he's even taken the position there to another level. I mean, I, I don't want to snitch on him, but he's in Belgrade recruiting right now at the A NGT tournament. I mean, he's, he's cast a big net, but the exposure that he's provided, I, I think fundraising, I mean a guy like that could, could provide, I mean that's, that's the biggest area the last couple years.


The biggest impact of a position like that would be someone who has ideas and, and connections to generate revenue. Yeah.


Alright. So coach, this has been awesome. I got one last question for you. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take


in your introductory press conference at Michigan. You said you don't have hobbies, so I believe it, but also you gotta have some hobbies. So what, what's your number one hobby? And you can't say family. You can't say family. So outside of basketball and family, what is Dusty May's actual, like if you had to pick hobby, Because I love to travel if in Okay. Anywhere in the world. So kind of a cop out that's literally just saying my hobby is vacation. That's just you, I, that's a cop out. It's like Hank. Yeah. We have a guy who does that. I mean, I, I I enjoy playing golf for about three holes. You're Hank Okay. You're Hank. Yeah. We, we have a guy who's for you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And, And I enjoy talking crazy amounts of trash when we're playing pickup basketball, golf.


Okay. You love Joe Missoula? Yeah. You are Hank. Yeah. Yeah, you're Hank. Wait, do you Yeah, Anything? I mean, I like to bowl. I, I just, I mean I do it Okay. Three times a year. So I, anything to compete. I love to compete. I mean, my wife and I, we play cards. I mean, we'll play solitaire next to each other and, and I'll talk trash to her even though the, the hands aren't even, you know, just Yeah. Keeping scores. So when we're, you know, corn hole. Okay. These are good hobbies. All game where you compete. Yeah, I'm, I'm a gamer. I don't like to, you know, in high school I worked at a video store, so I used to be a movie buff. So I finally have a guy on my staff that under that, that gets maybe 5% of my jokes. I can't really tell jokes in the office anymore. I'm trying. So I've got some hobbies. It's just, I don't, yeah. I'm not gonna go play golf once a week or twice a week. But if we have an outing, I'll go out and, and hit the club and, and make some Jokes.


Okay. So, and then what you, you said, do you still play pickup with the guy? Like do you ever, do you ever get out there and like try to run with the guys? No. Coach White actually started this tradition at Louisiana Tech years ago. Every day we'd finish practice and then we'd work the guys out or get some shots up or whatever the case. And then as soon as the, the players cleared the floor, it was coaches versus managers and Gass. Oh, Love. 11 minutes on the clock, 45 minutes on the clock and it's great comradery. It's, it's a blast. And we did that LA Tech, we did it all the way through Florida. We did it at FAU every day as well. We had some gym constraint times there, so sometimes it turned into tennis matches with a, a group of guys other than one that had never played tennis before.


Oh. And so, but yeah, anything to compete. So it, it, I had major knee surgery a couple years ago, but I've, I've recently started playing again. I've played probably three or four times this year and try not to go inside that three point line on either side. That's smart. Smart. Yeah. Yeah. That's smart. What's the hottest you've ever gotten from three In a pickup game? Yeah. A legendary pickup game in a, in a real organized game. Not very hot. Yeah, that's great though. That's, I mean, that, that is good comradery. I mean, if you play, we, we play hoops here in our office on Friday afternoons and like we ba we basically, there's one guy who's a total douche bag who calls a bunch of fouls And we all just hate him. And that's comradery, you know?


Absolutely. We're like, yeah, that guy sucks. Absolutely. Yeah. Nothing brings a group together like a douchebag calling Terrible calls. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Shout out Nikki Smokes. We can all, we can all agree on that. Yes. And if this guy stands on the logo at the end of a pickup game, we all just beat the crap outta it. We've simulated power bomb Him. Yeah, you go cable guy on him. Yeah, absolutely. I got that reference. There we go. We got it. Alright, well coach, thank you so much. Really enjoy having you on every time and best of luck in March. Likewise guys. Big fan. Thank you.


Dusty was brought to you by, by Venmo where you can sign up for the Venmo debit card in seconds and add your card instantly to Apple Pay or Google Pay to use your balance right away with no monthly fee, no minimum balance requirement. Pay in store or online with your physical card or a digital wallet. It's up to you. Earn up to 5% cash back at top brands when you shop with a Venmo debit card. Venmo debit card works with the easy to use app that you already know and love for paying your friends where you can seamlessly split transactions with a few taps and manage your card settings right there in the app. Safety is built into the app with 24 7 fraud monitoring, purchase protection on eligible purchases and the ability to easily lock your card directly in the app if your card is lost or stolen. The Venmo MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank in a pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated. DOSH term offer. Terms apply. Start spending your Venmo balance instantly with a Venmo debit card. Sign up today at venmo.com/card/apply.


And now here's Pete Prisco. Okay, we now welcome on A very special guest, a good friend of the program. It is the Italian Stallion. You can see him on cbs sports.com or CBS Sports hq. He's tan as tan could be. It's Pete Prisco talking some NFL free Agency. Pete, first of all, thank you for joining us. I wanted to start before we get to free agent winners and losers. Did you feel extra vindicated? Because I think that you're the number one guy out there who always says, Hey everyone, shut the fuck up. It's always about the money. Did you feel extra vindicated when Miles Garrett decided, oh I actually wanna stay in Cleveland because they offered me so much money that I can't say no.


Of course it's always about the mile. I mean think about this for a second. He does that and then you have DK Metcalf who says, I want to go to a warm weather and everything and what do he do? He ends up in Pittsburgh. Yeah, I mean, so yeah, absolutely. It's always about the money and like I said, I go around and ask players, rank 'em. I think they all rank first Money. What do You think? They rank Second Hall of Fame of Course. And then the ring is third. And you know why? Look around guys sell rings all the time on eBay. You can go find Super Bowl rings all day. You know what, they don't sell, they don't sell their money on eBay. You cannot sell money on eBay.


That's against the terms of service. But you can't Correct. You could, you could try. I actually might try to list some money on eBay. See what it goes For. Yeah. Have we signed the money? Yeah, autographed money. Is that illegal? Yeah, a hundred dollars bill. Sell it for a thousand dollars. You could do that. Yeah. It Might be. It might be illegal. That might be illegal. You Can sell bathwater. eBay. I come looking for You too. I saw that. So there's actually one exception. You're right. For the most part, I think it's always about the money. Chris Godwin though, I feel like he could have gotten more money elsewhere, but he likes Tampa, he likes Baker, he likes that offense. He wanted to stick around. Yeah. And, and again, you know, it's your own personal choice. What's the difference? Some people will say, well what's the difference between having an extra 15 million and and not, and being comfortable in Tampa.


And I think in that scenario he did like Baker, he likes the offense, he likes where he is and I'm sure the family wanted to stay there. So sometimes you gotta, you know, be happy for the family and they'd make a choice rather than you make the choice, but you, again, $15 million is a lot of money to leave on the table when you're talking about generational wealth and you're passing it on down to your families. And and that's why these guys always say, well it's not about the money maybe right? Not right now for you that 15 million is a big, but is it hands down through generation to generation it becomes big. So it's always about the money And it's also with the NFL, you know, a lot of these guys get one one crack at it. You know, you get one crack at this at at your free agency, you're you're not gonna, you're not gonna be sitting there when you're, you know, if you're playing a offensive line or defensive line, you're not gonna be 35 years old being like, I'm still gonna cash in.


So the money is always important. All right. Winners and losers be, answer this for me though. I said this on Monday and I wonder because you watched the tape, I don't really understand what the Seahawks are doing because I would rather have Gino Smith than Sam Arnold. And I think Sam Donald's fine. I get it. Like he had a good year. He, you know, the time he spent with Kyle Shanahan in, in San Francisco, he gets reunited with Clint Kubiak in in Seattle. I get it. But I, I feel like Gino Smith was a better option and I I don't really understand it. Well he is older. Yeah. You know, we forget that Gino. I mean you look at Sam Donald's only 27 years old. True. I mean you think of him as an old guy but he's not.


So I think they've decided to go in a younger direction 'cause the money was getting a little outta control from what you hear, what Gino was looking for. And he's gonna get that contract from the Raiders. Again, I go back to what I said before, free agency two years ago, if you would've said, Sam darn 35 million Gino Smith, 40 million Daniel Jones, you know, is a guy that can come in and compete for a starting job. Justin Fields getting two years and you know, 20 million whatever you would've said, what are you talking about? But that's how starved and, and and you know, these teams need quarterbacks so badly that they're going to push up these guys and they get desperate. And that's what this is. This is all desperation. You know how many times Gino Smith has thrown 21 or more over 21 touchdown passes in his career once, one time.


And then you go, you talk about Sam darn, yeah, he had a good season, but what about the rest of his career? And what about when the games mattered down the stretch, the last two games he didn't do much there. Yeah. So I think desperation really impacts what these teams do with the quarterback position. Yeah, I was thinking about it more from Sam Donald's perspective and I, again, it's probably always about the money. I'm sure Seattle offered a lot more than maybe Pittsburgh might have been offering if they were in the discussion. But the, the situation that he's going into in Seattle, I, I don't feel good about it for Sam. He's got, he's got one weapon. The offensive line isn't very good and I, I just, he's been at his best when the situation has been perfect around him. When he's had great coaching, he's had an incredible assortment of weapons on offense and now it kind of feels like he's taking that step back and he's gonna be asked to do a lot of it on his own.


I agree with you. It's not a great situation. And, and here's the other thing. How many, both you guys, I know you said it at the end of the year, everybody did. Oh, Sam Darnell became Sam Darnell again. Oh my gosh. Right? You said it. Yeah, you admit it. You said it right. Yeah. And so that's the biggest concern for me is was what he did over the course of the regular season and aberration and he get back to the norm and now you're gonna get back to being Sam Darn again. That's the concern I have with Sam. Darn. Right. And it's life is a little easier when you're throwing it to the best, if not one or two wide receiver in the league. And Justin Jefferson. Alright. Biggest winner, biggest winner that you've got from free agency. And I, I put a caveat on this because I think you agree Pete.


When you win free agency, you're basically admitting you're, you're, you're not a good team because if you have to fix your holes in free agency, there's a reason for that. Like there's the, the teams that were in the playoffs and made deep runs last year are not the most active 'cause they're already good teams. Correct. And you're overpaying for players. You're playing great money for good players around and so you're getting the cap problems down the road. I get it, I get it. But some teams have to make those moves. Your team is one of 'em. Yep. Had to make moves, had The Bears had to make moves on the offensive line. They had to fix the middle of that offensive line and they did. At least they feel they did. Now there are some concerns with those guys. Yeah. And I'm always playing the flip side of it. Dolman is a wide zone scheme center and in that offense, how does he fit?


'cause that's not what they do. You know, Jonah Jackson was essentially bench last year, didn't play very well. They know him. And then you got Joe Tooney, he's a great player but he's 32 years old and now you're gonna have to pay him after one year. So they do come with these asterisk next to him. But on the surface I think they're great moves. And I love the Grady Jared edition, that guy look 10 years into the league, he could still get up the field. He is still gonna be able to push the pocket and I think that helps them from that standpoint. So I think The Bears actually did a nice job, but in two years we might be looking back on it and saying those are more stopgap because they had to do it than having guys for the long term. I agree with that. The, the one thing I, I like what The Bears did in the fact that they made a, a very big weakness, what seems like fixed for now, you never know how it's gonna turn out, but more than anything they can now go into the draft where they have three picks in the top.


I think it's like 60 Sele or no it's, it's even higher than that. Like top like 50 selections. 'cause they have that Panther second rounder where they don't have to, they don't have to reach, they can, they can conceivably go best player available with those three selections instead of saying we need to get offensive line right now. I hope they still draft offensive line. But that's the part where I think they give themselves a little flexibility when it comes to the draft. You know what teams don't do a good enough job of doing is draft an offensive lineman in like the fourth or fifth round who might not start right away but you're developing them for a year or two down the road when they do step in and start and, and that's why offensive line play is so bad in the NFL, the development is awful. Here's the other part of it, if you look at free agency, you know what everybody did?


They looked at the Eagles and they said look how big and physical they are and look what they do. And all the teams tried to mimic that. You, you know, look at your, both of your teams, you look at going to get tonsil at left tackle, they want to get bigger, they want to get stronger and they have questions on that offensive line with cosmic being injured, what do they do? Do you move Coleman the right guard, right? Do you move guys around? Where's Wiley go? And so now everybody's trying to copy exactly what the Eagles did by getting bigger and stronger physical Upfront. I don't know that you can say that it we're all copying the Eagles like getting big physical, strong fast guys to play offensive line. That's generally been a good idea in the NFL. Oh I'm with you. But you know how many teams have shunned that idea over the years by drafting skill players and this guy and that guy.


There's only so many, I say it all the time, there's only so many big people on the planet who can play the game of football and you have to find those guys. If you don't, you have major problems. That is true. I do like the tonsil move though, just because of what you said. Coleman maybe put 'em at right guard for a little bit. He's played some of that. Move him over until Cosby gets back. He's then he's kind of a guy that you can put at any position as you move forward. But with The Bears specifically, I like, I like what The Bears did. Getting bigger, stronger, better up the middle. Because it's one thing to say like we're committed to Caleb Williams and to making sure that Caleb Williams has the perfect environment to succeed as a quarterback, which is what they did a lot of last year. And it's another thing to actually do something about it. And I feel like you're actually doing something about it now.


You know, it's funny, we think back to last year before the season everybody said, oh it's the greatest situation ever for rookie, rookie quarterback. And it really wasn't, it wasn't because of the offensive line. Now a lot of that he holds the ball and he's gotta quit. You know, thinking he's at USC where he could turn a play that's supposed to go 1, 2, 3, 4 into a big play by getting outta there after the first read and making play. And sometimes he did and sometimes he made unbelievable plays. But a lot of times he took those sax 15 yards behind the line of scrimmage and it moves it back. So he's gotta be better now that they're better in the middle. He should be better. Yeah, I agree. And he does have to be better. Alright, other winners, other winners that you saw? The guards the guard market.


I mean my god, look at the money being sp spent on those guys. You know, and again it goes back to the, to the Eagles theory on you know, building on the offensive line. I mean you got guys coming off major, you know, will Freeze is coming off of Fry's is coming off a major injury and he just got a major contract from the Vikings. You know, Ryan Kelly got hurt last year for the Colts got a decent contract from the Vikings 'cause they want to get bigger. James Daniels coming off an injury, they want to get a guard in Miami, he got paid. So the guards across the board got a lot of money. Yeah. And again, it goes back to following what the Eagles did. Pete, let me ask you this. How are you getting your news updates yesterday when x.com, the everything app became x.com, the absolutely nothing app. When you couldn't refresh it, you couldn't get live information.


What were you doing for free agency? You know, it's weird. We were on the air and so somebody on our air actually had had their Twitter was working and mine wasn't. And so we were kind of going through that and you know, Jonathan Jones was on with us and so he was getting some live updates but yeah, what, what the hell happened? I got up in the morning, I'm like the worst possible day for that to happen. I know, I know. Worst it was awful. It sucked. It was awful. So one, one other team I like actually know, gimme another winner. I'll wait to tell you who I like until I hear from the expert Pete Briscoe. I thought New England, even though they had to overspend for a lot of guys, they had to fill spots and they had a good, they they did a nice job. I mean when you go get Milton Williams, to me that's big for them because he's a game disruptor and he can get, you put him in there, then you add Spillane and people say they overpaid for Spillane but he's a good football player.


Landry they know is a pass rusher. You get Carlton Davis, you know, the team with Christian Gonzales gives them a nice one two combination. So I think the Patriots actually did a nice job having said that, they still need a left tackle, they still need a big play wide receiver, but they have an early pick in the draft that they can address that with. Yeah, yeah. They, they did a nice job with, with beefing up that defense, especially in and also like a Harold Landry played for Vrabel, like trying to get the culture left, tackle question the Chiefs, I mean that was, that one was a little bit of a head scratcher. They, they got Jalen Moore who was a backup in San Francisco. Now obviously he's Trent Williams backup. So it's hard to break through. But am I wrong to say that the Niners have not had like the best offensive line, they've had a lot of injuries and he never broke through even like switching positions.


They, is that gonna be the fix for Patrick Mahomes? Well, I I think he played okay when he went in. He did a nice job last year when he went in and played for TR Williams. And I think that's one of those things where you're paying for what's going up rather than what he is. Right? And so they're spec, they're speculating a little bit on it. They're gonna move, you know, Sumia to inside to left guard and now you're bigger and stronger on that offensive line. So it makes sense, you know, did you want to get Crate? They were gonna go get an Ronnie Stanley thing until he resigned in Baltimore. So did you want to go spend a bunch of money on some of those other left tackles? I mean look what, look what Tennessee did. I know they, they paid Dan Moore a ton of money and everybody in Pittsburgh wanted that guy benched over the years.


Now he was better last year and he is only 26. And it allows them to move Latham to, to right tackle, which is where he should play. But that's a lot of money for Dan Moore. It does it also not feel like, and this could be speculating here, but doesn't it feel like it's trending towards the Titans are going to take Cam Ward now? I mean that it, it, it feels like they need something and, and Cam Ward, I I think Shado Sanders has, you know, some question marks. He's, he's feels like he's dropping in the mock draft but Cam Ward at won, which will leave the, the Giants in a very tough situation. The Brown's in a tough situation where they're just, they, I don't think they have a plan. Their plan would be be to look at next year's draft when there's actually a lot of really good quarterbacks in the draft.


Yeah. And that's a problem. And, and look, I've talked to a lot of guys at the, in the league in the last couple weeks. They're not all convinced that Cam Ward's the end all be all either. I mean, somebody told me, look, he's gotta throw a motion from the side, we're gonna draft him number one overall. And there's a lot to like about Cam Ward. There's also a lot to, to not like they turns, you know, big plays when he should stay in the pocket in the bad plays. A lot of those guys do. Shado Sanders does as well. So will the Titans take one one overall? I'm not sure they will to be honest with you. Okay. You know, Abdul Carter is a heck of a pass rusher and those guys are hard to find as well. And I think you might be in that situation where you say, you know what, we'll bring a veteran in levies. You know guys, I I take enough grief from saying it on your show about levies that, that it didn't quite work out for him, but he's still there.


So I I'm not sure they're gonna take a quarterback at once. We're will Levi Guys. I, I like Will Levi, I I think that the Titans and the Giants, they, they have to get a different quarterback though. If you don't get a different quarterback, you're pretty much saying like, I'm okay with being fired because that, I feel like this is the last chance that Day Bowl has, at least for the Giants. If you don't win some games this year, you're gone. You're almost gone last year. So the one we know, we know a lot about how coaches like to save their jobs and the easiest way to save your job as a head coach is to get a rookie quarterback. Maybe you don't star 'em right away. Maybe you put 'em in after four or five weeks. He shows some promise towards the end of the season, then you make your case and you're like, well you can't change coaches now we got something good working here.


We needed some consistency. That's like keeping your job 1 0 1. So I feel like the Giants have to do something about quarterback. Well the Giants probably are in a little different situation 'cause they're both gonna get fired if they don't win in, in Tennessee, you know, the new GM isn't getting fired after one year if they don't win. So it's not necessarily, you know, Callahan's decision to make and, and if whether they bring one in. So if you're the GM of the Tennessee Titans and you look at next year's class and you say, you know what, if we're not that good this year, we can go back in and get the real guy we want next year, then why would you force it? Yeah. But the Giants you're probably making a good point because they're both getting fired if they don't win. So they're probably in a much different situation than what they are in Tennessee.


What about the Pittsburgh Steelers? Are we under the assumption that Aaron Rogers is gonna be the quarterback in Pittsburgh next year? Well, I, I think it almost has to be where, if it's not Pittsburgh, where is it? The Giants. I mean, and, and it doesn't sound like he wants to do that, so it has to be Pittsburgh. And here's the, here's the thing about Aaron Rogers at the end of last year, Aaron Rogers finished with 28 touchdown passes last year. That's more than Mahomes. It's more than Herbert. It's more than a bunch of guys. And he actually played well in the last five or six games of the season when he looked healthy. You know, he talked the year before about, I'm coming back at the end of the year with my, he didn't look healthy at all last year for the first seven, eight games. He wasn't the same guy. He wasn't moving around. His motion wasn't the same. And that's a big part of who he is.


But at the end of the year he started looking like Aaron Rodgers. So I think if Pittsburgh were smart, they find a way to make that work. Yeah, I would agree. Also, he should take George Pickens on an ayahuasca trip. I feel like that could fix everything with George Pickens And maybe Metcalf with him too. Yeah, because you know, those, both, both those guys are gonna be, you know, gimme the ball, gimme the ball. I need the ball, I need the ball. Yeah. You know, for all the talk about Mike Tom, Mike Tomlin's a great coach, but why can't he get that guy in line? I don't understand that. He kinda likes like, what's That? I think he kinda likes having a crazy guy on the team. I think he gets off on it. You might, You might be right, but these coaches, they all talk about, well, what's wrong? Like Mike McDaniel at the end of the year came to the podium and said, I keep finding him and finding him and they're still late.


That's on you. Yeah, that's on the coach. Yeah. I mean these guys gotta, you know, you can't allow that to happen. I wouldn't, it's just like, I wouldn't allow it to happen if I were him. Coach Who, who's what team or move is a head scratcher to you where you're like, I I don't know what, I don't know what their plan is here. I don't know what their path is. It it just kind of making moves to make moves. Well, the Aaron Bank signing in Green Bay is a little head scratcher to me because of the way they, they structured the contract, but more than that, he wasn't very good last year. You know, you talked to 40, you talked about more, more was better than banks last year. And some people think banks was the worst offensive lineman on the line. And here he is getting a nice contract because they're gonna move Elton Jenkins to center.


And I, I don't know if that's a good move by the Packers. I think it, it makes them bigger. Again, we go back to that whole theory about getting bigger and stronger, but does it make you better? That one kind of was a little bit of a head scratcher for me. Okay. And then what other, any other teams that you're like, hey, what, why did, why weren't they more active or you thought they were gonna do something and then they just weren't able to capitalize on the first day of free agency? Well, I, I thought, you know, Atlanta might look into the pass Russia market a little more and they didn't that, that one surprised me a little bit because they're, I, I like the makeup of the offense. I think Pennix is gonna be really good, but defensively they need to get a pass rusher. And I think that that surprised me a little bit because there were some guys on the market that they could indeed go get and now they, they don't even have Grady Jarret to push the pocket on the inside.


So I think pass Rush could ultimately be their biggest problem next year. Yeah. Do you think before the end, I let's just say by the draft. By the draft, do you think Kirk Cousins is still a falcon? There's some bitterness there now. I mean, you know, you, you look at what, what happened with him at the end of the season when he kind of threw him under the bus by saying he was injured and he played injured and he was on the report and they, I i, from what I hear, they weren't real thrilled with that. And now they can keep him for $10 million and keep him as a backup and make him unhappy and, and so yeah, I do think he's still on their roster. I wouldn't do it. I if I, if Michael Pennix is my quarterback, I don't want Kirk Cousins behind him at all. I don't think that's a good situation.


Unhappy Kirk Cousins wants to play. I don't think he's gonna be great about it. And people say, oh, he'll be wonderful in the la No you're not. You wanna play, you're not gonna be the same guy you were when you were playing. So I think they need to let him go. Yeah. What about, what about the Niners? The Niners lost everybody. This feels like it's the start start. It might be the start of rebuild or it might just be the reality of knowing that you have to pay Brock Purdy and so you have to start making some moves for the future. But really when you look at it, Deebo Samuel wasn't close to being what he was. I mean, he got, he was 20 pounds heavy last year. He looked like it. He was slow. What is he, is he a receiver? Is he, you know, if he gets in shape, it's a different story. But he wasn't the same guy last year and, and, and you look at some of the other guys they lost, you know, losing ward is big.


I think that's important to that church. The corner of Ward, he didn't play as well last year. He missed time, but he had a lot of stuff going off, off the field. I think that hurts them. But 49 ERs still have stars. Let's not forget, you know, when Trent Williams comes back, star left tackle, you have Kittle, you have, that's a star. You go to the defensive side of the ball. You got Bosa. Yeah, you got Fred Warner. There's still stars on that team and stars usually show up. They just gotta stay healthy. Yeah. You lo they lost Usch though. Come on. It's donated down. You give to the full back, you hate, hate full back. Ah, come on. You hate full back. What the hell is that? Where's Your boy Russell Wilson going? Speaking of guys, you hate, Hate? I don't, I think my hate, it's not hate it's a reality.


I was right about him all along and nobody ever, nobody ever believed me. He look the moon, if it's take away the moon ball on the sideline, what is he do? He never throws in the middle of the field. He might be the guy, by the way, when the all the chairs are taken, he, he doesn't have one. And, and so I don't know if he's gonna be a starting quarterback anymore. Oh Wow. Wow. What about the Giants? Do you get that desperate if you're the Giants? I think you have to, I mean, who are you gonna play if you don't, let's say Cam Ward goes one one to the Titans and you said that might not happen. What if the Giants going to get Cam Ward though? What Move? Yeah. Yeah. Make the move. Yeah. All right. So what if the giant, all right, so let's say they get the Giants get Cam Ward, are you going to, are you gonna start 'em week one? Yes. Okay. Just like, and by the way, and listening and watching some interviews and talking to people about Cam Mor, he's got a little bit of the Jayden Daniels cockiness from a year ago that, that, that I love.


I, I think, you know, there's something about that. And, and so you, you kind of listen to these quarterbacks, you kind of get a read on 'em, which is kind of why I'm worried a little bit about JJ McCarthy. You know, there's a lot of, I don't know if he's ready to take over as a starting quarterback necessarily. It'll be interesting to see if the Vikings can make that work. Yeah, I mean, Kim Ward's story is incredible. His rise is, is, I mean, he's, he's got that dog in him. Alright, Pete, we got a really important thing we want to do here. This is really the reason you're on our producer Max diehard Philadelphia Eagles fan. He is very upset at you because you have ranked quarterbacks every which way in the off season.


And it's somehow Jalen Hurts has always ranked behind a bunch of guys who have not done anything close to what Jalen Hurt's done. So I told Max to prepare. Max is prepared. He said he's not gonna art. What do, what was the exact quote you said? You're, I'm not gonna Speak Articulately. Yeah, articulately. Which is, I was like, all right, we're off to a good start. So, max, go ahead. You have the floor with Pete. Tell him what you think. Well, This is, this isn't the first time you've had this debate with a Philly person. I already saw that you went on 97.5 and the Philly Sports Talk radio and did the same thing. It's about that, that video, which I basically just want you to admit that it was clickbait because there's, there's guys on that list who you just can't make that debate for.


Explain the list, max. The list that he did. Okay. It was the ques, it was a social video. And the question was, who is the, the quarterback that you would rather have over the next five years? And it was jail and Hertz compared to a bunch of different quarterbacks. Some of 'em, I don't even, I like, I can understand that you, you can make an argument for Jayn Daniel's fine. Justin Herbert disagree, but I can, I don't know, film whatever. I can, I, I understand there's still people that like Justin Herbert, I'm not gonna argue, argue Justin Herbert. But you Argued with me about Justin Herbert. I said people in, in Los Angeles, you not take him. You're guy, you dunno film either. Okay. Alright. So yeah. So you gonna, alright, so then where did it get appro? Where, where did you have problem?


CJ Stroud Young. Whatever. Trevor Lawrence, I respect you dying on a take. It's a bad take. But you, you've been to the Trevor Lawrence Guy since day one. So you have to, you have to go there over the next five years. The fact that you, there's two quarterbacks that you just can't make this debate for over the next five years. What makes you think that Dak Prescott and Baker Mayfield are both better options at quarterback than Jalen Hertz? They're th Dak Prescott is 31 years old. Baker Mayfield is 30 years old and they have shown nothing in the NFL for the first eight years of their career. What does Jalen Hertz need to show more of rather than those two guys? It's just a clickbait video that you had to do.


If you're going to include Dak Prescott and Baker Mayfield over Jalen Hertz, You know what I saw? Did Nick Siri call you out? Yeah. When he was, yeah. And you know what? Nick Siri called you out and rightfully so. 'cause you probably wanted him fired just like every other Eagles fan. But more than that, every other Eagles fan probably bitched and moaned about Jalen Hertz over the course of the entire season. And then he wins the Super Bowl and all of a sudden he's, he is become the greatest quarterback in the history of the National Football League. He's a good quarterback. Would I take Baker Mayfield over him for the next five years? Yeah. And by the way, you say, what did Baker Mayfield do when Baker Mayfield was in Cleveland? He was really good. Then he got hurt. He won a single wild card game. He won one playoff game with, you know what I, by the way, a very good offensive line and a very good run game, which you like to diminish.


Jalen Hertz for who? There was a number, the number three run game and the number one offensive line. You gotta the lead. That's what Baker Mayfield has done. Max. And that's what you like to diminish. Jalen Hertz for Max Max Prepared. Max. Max Max. By the way, I had the same argument with an Eagle fan in my building. And I, you know what I went to because you guys always go, he won a Super Bowl. He outplayed Ma Patrick Mahomes, he won a Super Bowl. He outplayed ma. So winning a Super Bowl. Yes. It's a team thing. It's not a quarterback thing. We know that. Right? We know that. Right. All of a sudden it is. Now, wait, hold on Pete, I'm gonna jump in on Max's side, he's outplayed Patrick Holmes in two Super Bowls And he didn't win the one. Yeah. Now I, you know what I went to, I went to the heart of the, of the Philly fan.


He was trying to say that he's better because the, you know, 'cause he wins his games. So Alan Iversson, did he ever win anything? He went farther than Dak Prescott and Baker Mayfield. Did he ever, Did he ever win anything? Max, did he ever win anything One more than Dak Prescott and Baker Mayfield? The point, the point being he's one of the great players of all time, but he didn't win anything. So you can't take winning something and just saying, oh, Jalen Hurts is a great quarterback 'cause he won the offense is perfect. If you rank the position group on offense, go through the Eagles rank, rank 'em one through four offensive line pass catchers running back and quarterback, where does he rank? Where does he rank within that? In that list? Yeah, it's A good, good thought experiment.


Who do you have? I, I personally have the offensive line number one. Yeah. So, but Like he's fourth Fourth is what he said. He compliment each other. But he's saying he's fourth. He's fourth. He's Fourth. He's fourth. He fourth. He's the fourth in the group. But like they, they make each other better. But he's fourth. Somebody has to be fourth. He's fourth. You would agree with that? I don't know that I would. Yeah. No, he's got, you's got. I would, yeah, you would. I think I Rest my case. But that, but what is that, what is that case? That the Eagles have a good football team? I know, I know. The 97 5 guys did this to you already. You picked them to lose every game in the Playoffs. So you didn't think that they were that good? No, I Didn't, I didn't pick them to lose, I didn't pick 'em to lose every game. I picked them, not You. Okay. You picked them over the Rams.


You picked the Packers over 'em, you picked the commanders over him. You picked the Chiefs over 'em. Correct. So you didn't think that they were that good? Yes, I was wrong about that. I was incorrect. And I will sit there and I will say I was incorrect at how good they were. And, and they're really good. But When did, when has, we've gotten to a point in sports where playing well in big games doesn't matter. No, it matter. D Prescott does not play well in big games. Dak Prescott puts up numbers against the Giants where he score gets 400 yards and five touchdowns and everyone's like, oh, look at Dak Prescott's numbers for this year. He's one of the best quarterbacks in the league because he beats the shit out of shitty teams. And then when he comes down to it, when he needs to show up, he never does. He never does he, He he led the NFL touchdown passes to you?


Yeah, because he throw, he, he, he put up numbers against shitty teams in absolute blowouts. That's what Dak Prescott does. I would rather a quarterback who wins football games carries the game. Once they're winning, they run the football, run the clock out, doesn't put up garbage time numbers. And then when it comes down to it, and times that matter, he shows up. Jalen Hertz does that. Dak Prescott does not. Dak Prescott's not the fourth. If you win position group one by four on the, oh, so now, So now the Cowboys have a bad roster. Last year we were talking about how their offensive line was the best offensive line of all time. And you know what they did. I'm not 27 nothing to the Packers giving up a Pick fix going in. I'm a weak link.


I'm not gonna call him a weak link of the offense. But if you had to, if number four is the weak link, then he's the weak link of the offense. But Pete, you didn't answer his question. When, when did we as sports come to the point where winning doesn't matter? That's not what I'm saying. Winning of course. Winning is the only thing. Well beside money, but winning's the second most important thing. And, and so yeah, it matters. And, and look, Jalen hurts a great in the big moments. Nobody's taken that away from him. They're not. Well, you are, they're not. He was Fanta. No, I'm not. I never did. And by the way, quarterbacks, there's five elite quarterbacks including Jayden Daniels by the way. There's five right now. Then the rest of them are kind of lump from, from six to 13 or 14. They're all kind of in together.


That's the difference. That's what the league is right now. And Jalen Hertz is in six to 15. It's just your preference. You see, here's where I agree with Max. I hate that you're making me agree with Max. Putting Dak Preco on there. It feels that feels a little over the top. I mean of all the ones you could pick that one apart, but the rest of them I would look, I would take Herbert over 'em for the next five years. I would take Who else did you? Trevor Lawrence. Yep. And Trevor Lawrence. It was, I would take Trevor Lawrence. That's crazy. Trevor Lawrence has had 4, 4, 4 seasons. One with her Meyer have to wipe it away. Then Doug Peterson's offense was terrible by the way. Oh bunch Different. So Pete, A different play caller. So Pete also Pete that's basically saying if you take away Trevor Lawrence's bad years, he's actually really good.


Well he was good two years ago and he is been good when he is healthy. He's been hurt. Jalen Hurts was good two years ago. Yeah. Jalen Hurtz hasn't had to learn a bunch of different offenses though. Has he? Backs? No, no, no. He's actually had the same regime, offensive coordinator and play call every year of his career. No he hasn't. No. That's changed. No, he has not. I get it. Offense Basically the same every single Year. The bottom line is with that offensive line, it makes it so much easier. And every wouldn't take Juan Barkley average 4.2 before he was touched last year, the Case D Case Prescott's never had a good offensive line. Trevor's never Trevor Lawrence has never had a good offensive Line. But, but, but you're, you're using arguments for other people and not for others. He's willing to concede the Dak point.


The Dak point has been conceited. Well, The Trevor Lawrence thing I don't even care about because I respect that he's had this Trevor Lawrence take forever and you die. Everyone knows that if you have a strong take, you die with that take. So really now we're just arguing about Baker Mayfield because he's already given you Dak. So now we're on Baker. Yeah. And I think he's got a better case for Bak. How Baker's pretty good Baker's. He's played well. What has he done? He's won a lot of football games. He played, he had also had he played well for the Browns. He Yeah, he had a great offensive line. Guess what? He got Benched in Carolina. It's Carolina What? Didn't Baker didn't Baker beat the Eagles? Yes. In an absolute dumpster fire of, of a year in Philly.


He Baker came in and beat the Eagles and then lost in the next round. Congrats. Well, I mean, I mean look, he look Baker Mayfield, it's close. They're the same. They're all, like I said, they're in the same grouping. But I would take Baker, that's What did Baker Mayfield do this year? He played the commanders. He had a chance to ice the game and he fumbled in his own territory to lose the game. Jalen Hertz went out and won football games. Baker Mayfield Bakerfield lost what we're looking at the most recent situation. They played the same team. Baker Mayfield put up 20 points. Ja Jalen Hurtz put up 52 52 points. A lot of fumbles. And, and, And look in a lot of those games, Jalen Hurts threw for under 200 yards, didn't he?


Baker Mayfield threw for 180 yards in that game when he needed to throw the ball to win. Jalen Hurtz didn't need to throw the ball to win in those games that he didn't throw for 200 yards because He's right. 'cause he's the fourth option on the offense Because they weren't winning the game. It's Game this Italian on Italian crime. I love it. This is I love it. Supreme debate. Yeah. Two, two Italian just going toe to toe. Does he still, Does he still want Nick Siri fired? That's what I wanna know. He does Not Nick Ani my guy. Never said a bad word about it. Yes, Yes you did. 'cause you're an Eagles fan. And I, by the way, I lived outside of Philly when I was a kid. I know how my first e my first football game was at Franklin Field. I saw the old Eagles play way back in the day.


So I know how passionate Eagle fans are. I love 'em. They're great. They're nasty, they're vile, they're disgusting. They're everything you want about an NFL band. What? We beat yourself there. Franklin Field. Did you watch that game in black and white? You know, it was Joe Green's rookie year, by the way. Oh wow. When he was with the Steelers. And he actually got into it and threw it helmet across the field that day. I was a little kid, but I remember it. I love It. Well, I I think that was a great conversation between you and Max. I, I respect the disagreement. I think you guys both handled yourselves well, I got Italian. I got it. I got Italian. It's fine. It's fine. Don't apologize for being Italian. I'm Italian. Look, I mean, I got it. I I can give it too. I told Ani after, when I saw him at the combine, I said, I said for that little period at the end of the year, I was the most, one of the most hated people in Philadelphia.


The, the people were, they were coming at me nasty. And he said, now you know how I feel. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's True. We got another Italian in the booth memes. So I'm just curious. He's not gonna get as angry as Max because he's a pretty chill guy. But do you like the Justin Field signing to the New York Jets or are you racist? Good question. No, I like it. Oh, nice. You have to do something. You have to do something. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, otherwise you're the Giants right now trying to panic. You know, you had to do something. I like, I think Justin Fields has talent. I think they could, if they can fix that, build that offense around him. Get him creative. Yeah. I think you can make that work for a couple Years. Scott Turner. Yeah. Let him work his magic.


Is there one signing that you have that's like underrated? One that only you love that Look at out there too after I hear yours, Pete, I think the Bills did a nice job by adding Palmer to the offense. They need to get somebody who could go down the field. And I think Michael Hoyt's a good football player from the Rams. I think the Bills quietly had two good signings and they kept their own and they made the quarterback happy. They've had a good off season. Alright, here's mine. And this could be a crazy take. I think Zach Wilson might be okay 'cause Tua is gonna get hurt at some point. 'cause he always does that offense. Like you don't have to think a lot. I I don't hate, I don't hate that they need to do something where you get someone behind Tua that is not just like a total journeyman that, that, you know, you can't tread water with.


I wouldn't be shocked if we see Zach Wilson play in Miami next year. And I think he's gonna play. Okay. Everybody likes the, the story of the comeback quarterback, right? He, everybody Baker, everybody points to Baker. Baker did it. Well, baker was good early in his career. Zach Wilson's never been good. Okay. And I don't, I don't see that one. All right. I really don't. That's it's a bold take. It's a bold take. It is a Bold take. I'm just saying, I'm not saying he's gonna light the world on fire. I'm saying like, say two or Mrs five games. I think Zach Wilson could go three and two. I will say this, he'd be better off than what they did last year trying to replace Tua. Right. But they weren't prepared. They were not prepared for that at all. And that, again, it goes back to the fault of the coach.


Why weren't you better prepared for that? To have somebody in there ready to go? So yeah, I'll give you that. It's a better preparation this time around. Alright. I, I got one more name that maybe the Giants could look at if they get desperate if they're not able to do something. That quarterback position. Marcus Mariota. Mm no. No. Come on. It's just a No. Can't play Marcus, Mario. What's he only like 31? He's, he's young. I mean, if you're playing Marcus Mariota, you might as well just get your resume ready. 'cause you're gone. Come on, gimme a break. Well that, that, that isn't working. If they get desperate. The other, the move that I like, that's a little bit under the radar. The Rams getting Puna Ford Good player up the field attacks. I think that is actually a really good signing for them.


The Rams know what they're doing. I, I will say this, the Rams need to get faster. You know, you everybody raved about the Devonte Adams signing. He's gonna be 33 in in December and you look at their offense. What do you, what what? They have no speed on that offense. There's none. Nobody scares you. They brought two, two Atwell back. 'cause he is, you know, he's the only speed they have. But everybody plays him in a foam booth. The running back's not fast. The wide receivers aren't fast. They're good players. They're not fast. They gotta get fast. But I feel like you pass over the Pune Ford thing too quickly. Yeah. He just has to switch locker rooms. Yeah. So It's a great sign. The Rams need a a right sign. They've got, they, they can get after the passer already. They got some good players on the outside. The Rams are gonna be good.


The Rams are gonna be good on defense. 'cause their front seven is gonna be and P Ford And p How did, how did the Chargers let a guy like Puna get away? Just go to another locker room too? Yeah, he just walk down the hallway. Yeah, well they're gonna, if Aaron Rogers signed with the Giants, wouldn't that be the same thing? Yeah, true. Yeah, that's true. Good point.


Alright Pete, I got one last question. Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts, Rollback dot com. Promo code take not free agency related.


How about draft related? Because you are in indie, is there a guy that you have your eyes on, maybe a quarterback? 'cause you watched the tape that, you know everyone's talking about Cam warden Shado Sanders. What's, what's, what's Pete Prisco's quarterback that he's like, Hey, check this guy out. He's gonna be good. I don't really love the quarterback class, but a guy I would take in the third or fourth round would be McCord from Syracuse. Oh yeah. I, I think he's got, he stands in the pocket. He takes shots. He's tough physically, you know, not a great athlete. Makes all the throws. I, I think and he played really well at Syracuse last year. I think McCord has a chance to be, if he draft him a third or fourth round, he can end up being, you know, a starter down the road.


I Like that. Okay. I like that. Alright, Pete, you're the best. Thank you so much. Thank you for doing You know what I gotta do before I get outta here? Yeah. The four, the fourth option of that on that Eagles offense is who? Offensive line wide running back wide receivers and then the quarterback. Yeah. Number it is. He got you on that. I gotta, I have him slightly above Dallas Goddard if that makes any difference to you. That's good. That's really good. He got you on that max. That was tough. You were planned for that. All his argument was just that the eagles are good. Yeah. Yeah. And which you, which is impossible for you to argue against. Yes. You can't. The Eagles are good. Yeah, he got you. He check me. You Really good. And I was an idiot who picked against them all year. Yeah. Alright, Pete, thank you so much man.


We love you. Alright guys.


Pete Briscoe was brought to you by locked the film. Buckle up for a little Taste of Hell from producer Sam Raey who did the Evil Dead drag Me to Hell Comes this pulse pounding horror thriller. Imagine breaking into what you think is a luxury jackpot only to realize that you're the one who got robbed of your freedom. That's locked in a nutshell. It's got Bill Skarsgards character Eddie, who gets trapped inside a high tech SUV controlled by Anthony Hopkins playing one seriously twisted car owner. It's a game of survival, but it's also psychological war. The question is, would you survive a car like this? I think it's pretty much like phone booth except inside of a car. This dude gets locked in the car that he breaks into, he's gotta pick his daughter up from school. He broke into the wrong car and now it's being controlled by a psychopath. Now the psychopath is manipulating him. He's trying to get outta the car. The psychopath's trying to kill him. It's, it is an edge of your seat thriller. It's the kind of movie that demands to be seen in a theater. The sound design alone, especially the psychological torture sequence, will hit way harder on the big screen exclusively in theaters. March 21st, check it out. It's called Locked. You're gonna see it. Your friends are gonna be talking about it. Go see locked in theaters.


Alright, let's wrap up the show. We got Guys On Chicks. Hank. Yeah, let's do it. Let's do it. Sup, sup. Sup. Hank Sup. Hi. Hi. Sup. My name is Natalie Sup. Hey Natalie. I'm from Los Angeles. All. I don't think we've ever done the this. And I have a chick question. Okay. She sounds hot. Yeah. Natalie from Los Angeles is gonna say it right off the rip Hot. Is it possible for a girl to give a guy the ick? And if so, What is it? Mm. But also if a girl is so hot, is she just, except from all icks. I think she meant exempt. Exempt. Thanks guys. Big yacker over here. Would love to hear your thoughts. Hmm. I think if she listens to part of my take, and that's a major sub.


If she listens to a competing po, if she listens to New Heights, ick. Mm. What is the Ick? She could like, what was it, What The guy pulls up wearing some of these. Yeah. You Could like she's gonna get it. Yeah. She's gonna get it. Yeah. If, if, if a chick pulls up listening to part of my take on a cracked iPhone screen, she's gonna like get it. She's gonna get it. She's gonna a white, a white iPhone cracked. Yeah. Yeah. That's how my opposite ick is when her iPhone screen is just demolished. Yeah. I don't what, yes. What would be the girls? Yeah. What would be some icks? I'll say it. There's a lot. I think guys get the, I I mean the, I I don't like the word ick. Yeah. I think it's just like it's, you know, the ick existed before the name existed, but it's just like red flags, I guess.


Or I'll, I'll say it and listen, this is not, I woman's brains is important For sure. Not smartest. That that, that is a big ick. If they have them, If they don't, if they're not the smartest. I think that goes both ways. I think girls think the same way. If a guy's really dumb. Definitely. Yeah. I would agree with that. I I big ick if your girlfriend or wife doesn't make your lunch every morning before you go to con your construction site with the special stuff. Someone said that that was eerily similar to a King of Queens episode Hand Up. Didn't really watch King of Queens. No. So if we got got good job, You can get us with King of Queens hotlines all day.


Wasn't he wasn't a construction worker though. He was a postal worker, wasn't he? Yeah. He worked for FedEx, right? Yeah. No, the other one. U-P-S-U-P-S-U-P-S. Yeah. You could Probably get us King Of Queens was a big time. Like came on after Seinfeld and would watch some of an episode occasionally. I think it was different. Wasn't that different networks? Yeah. And also the King Queens is way later than Seinfeld. Yeah. But like I've, it was on after a show. I what you're saying it was on After a show, after Show. I think it was big on the CW network. Yeah. And it would be like two and a half men, king of Queens and maybe Seinfeld. King of Queens feels like a lot of, I I think people liked it, but I think a lot of its ratings was, you know, on, in like a barbershop on, in the middle of the day. Like at three o'clock the cws on on at like a bodega.


That's what, yeah, it was either on right before or right after a show I would Actually watch. Was it Everybody Loves Raymond? No, we're get I think that's closer though. But yeah, you, I think it's, everybody Loves Raymond. I would say our weak point in, in this podcast, if you want to get us is any like very generic sitcom that was very popular, not named the Seinfeld of the office. You could, I think you get us Absolutely nail us on Friends plot lines too. Big Big Bang Theory could get us. Yeah, you could get us on your I met your mother. Yep, exactly. Oh, I got how I met your mother. Oh, You do? Yep. Okay. I've I've seen every episode like three Times. But yeah, we, that, that would be the, that would be the part of our armor that is very weak. Okay. Natalie, you're hot.


My boyfriend is a diehard Browns fan And we talk about our future home all the time. He always says he wants a Browns kitchen, a brown and arm strip, fridge being one of the ideas. Please help. I tell him no, obviously, but this is a real fight in the future. Question mark. Love you guys. Go Browns, go calves. Nobody's talking about the calves. No One's talking about cough. C No one talking about it. Talking About the calves. I think, I think having a Brown's themed kitchen is the funniest possible room to have. Yeah. Like you, you're never making anything healthy in that brown scheme. Well, I, brown steamed kitchen maybe also a brown steam like the, the, the the dining room that you only use for Thanksgiving and Christmas. That would also be very funny. Yeah, that'd be good too if like your fine dining room, that one room in your house that you're just like, yeah, we, we sit in this room three times a year.


But you know what I'm saying, like if your kitchen's browns themed, you always have some sort of like greasy roast. Yeah. That's cooking in the oven. Never any, you always have gravy on the stove. There's always a bowl of dog food, even though you don't have a dog. Yeah. Just in case. Settle. This is the easy one though. Say no Brown's kitchen. Every toilet's brown, brown toilets should be more popular. You hide the stains easy. He, he like, you should be like, listen honey, we'll do every toilet in this house. Browns, I think Brown's themed laundry room could play too. Yeah. Garage. Garage seems like a brown zone. Yeah. That feels like, that feels like a natural setting for, for the browns.


Okay, next. Calves. No calves. Calves. Cal. Oh, you wanna talk about the calves? Let's respect the calves. She said no about the Calve Really Fucking good. She said go browns. Nobody's talking, talking about the calves. Don't Respect how I'm Trying, I'm trying to You Don't respect how good the calves are. No, I do. You overlooked them the other day. You were like, they never won a championship. We won a championship. That sounds like over. No, no. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, Yes, yes, yes, yes. No, no. Misrepresent of what I said that you have to, they're, they haven't won a championship. You have to respect the champions. Like the calves are the number one seed. They're gonna be the number one seed. They've had the best regular season. They've, but they've won 14 in a row. Yeah. So, But again, your respect for the cav. You're saying respect.


I respect the cals. I'm Play don't any anytime time. We talked about the Calves don't fully wealthy, we'll Win. You just say we we are we're the NBA champions. We are. That's your analysis. That's a fact of the Cavs. No, that's a fact. So gimme Some analysis of the Cavs. Cavs are good team hot shooting team, but I am not scared of them in the playoffs. I mean, the cat, it's not out of the question. The Cavs could get to 70 wins the way they're playing. They're 54 and 10. They finish the season 16 and two. That's 70 wins Diabolical Big Cat move too. Which super nice guy. But, but having the Cavs come in. Oh yeah. I I wasn't here that night. I know Max Truce wanted to stop by. He's he's gonna come on the show this summer when he is back.


But he was, the schedule didn't work out. They landed at like 6:00 PM He had a dinner at like eight. He wanted to come by. I had to go home to do dinner with my kids. And I was like, Hey Hank, can you show Max truce around? He's a great cop And no. Yeah, no, they were good guys. It made made me like them and I don't, I don't want you Don't wanna like him. Yeah. Who else was there? Sam Merrill and then one of their equipment managers. Yeah, We will get them on though. Whatever. But I, the thing is, I don't think I've heard you say any of their players by name except for Max Roos, which you were just kind of forcing to saying Don Donovan Mitchell. Not afraid. You have not said Donovan Mitchell. I think ever on the, the history of part of my take. I don't think you've said those, those words.


Donovan Mitchell. Okay. There it is. We just broke ground there. If they can make it to the Eastern garments finals, it'll be exciting. Okay. Also get too hot too early. What? That's mean. That's mean Hank No, they're, I'm just saying like, it's gonna be tough to keep this, keep this streak Up. You gave a little look at Big Cat when you said too hot too early. Nope. Yeah, he did. He did. There was a look. It's fine. Was the camera on Max or on Hank when he said that? It's fine. We'll break the down T has been unleashed. We'll break the film down. Fader Hank has been unleashed. It's Not trolling if you just are honest. Yeah, no, I I'm, I told you I had no problem with it. We're gonna, we're gonna be, you're Call me a troll. Well, you are a Troll. Well, that was a troll move. That you are a Troll. That's not you being honest.


That was you throwing a little jab in under the radar. And you are a troll. My, my radar is perfect. Yeah. So are you. Yeah. So know. I know. We're all trolls. That's why we get along. Just living under a bridge together. You need to accept the fact that you're a troll. Yeah, I do. I and I, I'm, I'm up upfront and honest about it. Are You fading? Yeah. I've been saying I'm fating you once you lose for two weeks. Yeah. You have. I I knew who's coming. Hey Boys. I have a really great boyfriend, top tier kind of guy and I have very few notes slash complaints. However, there's one thing he's addicted to the cry laughing emoji. It's Nonstop. Every other text there it is. Just taunting me. I'm not that funny. At least not cry face emoji.


Every other text funny. Am I just being a happiness hater? Shout out to average Height Kings. Mm. Shout out to average height kings. Alright. I, I think there's like a scale in terms of your response to something funny that applies to how funny you actually think that it is. So if it's, if it's ha ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha. That means you really think it's funny. I think that's Funnier than two. Two ha's is not funny. No, two hos, three hos is very funny. Ha ha. Period means kill Yourself. Yeah. And ha means, dude, that's fuck you. Yeah. Ha. But crying, laughing emoji is better than ha ha Yes, yes. But crying, laughing emoji. You can't use you.


You gotta know your text relationships too. Like if the other person's using it, you can use it. But you can't be the only one using the crying laughing emoji. What I would say to him is, why not just have him, I, my move is, you know how you add the like thumbs up or the heart. I don't do the haha adding thing. I do the exclamation point. Same. That's the, That's Good. Yeah. That's a good one. Where someone says something funny or interesting, just do the exclamation point. But if You do the crying laughing emoji every time that feels dismissive, it feels like you're just trying to move on. Unless You do like seven of 'em, then that's, then you're literally crying, laughing, and almost dead. And what about LOL? I don't like L-O-L-L-O-L is pretty much like, go fuck yourself.


No. LOLI use LLA lot. I use LOL too. It's more of like, It's like LOL then next word, next sentence. Like LOL Is more like breaking it. Yeah. Breaking up in like, Hey, I'm joking here. Oh, It's, or like to break the tension of like this. Yeah. Oh, LOL I'm late. Yeah. Like, or something. I don't know. Something like That. Or just say something outlandish. It's like the haha. Just like LOL. Yeah. Like it could have been used like LOL after like one in 15 props. What what about L-M-A-O-I Use LMAO. I'm, I'm a bad texter though. I'm probably the wrong person to be answering this question. You're the worst texter. I don't think you're a bad texter. I, I like why is take a bad texter? Ask any person who's ever worked underneath The him What I've ever Why? What do you do Everyone?


I'm a short texter and people Same. Which is dramatic. It's, it's definitely a dramatic thing. But it's, it's tough. It know. I think girls are over texters and, and want more texting and, and people think that I'm like upset or being like an asshole. 'cause I just answer a question. Ah. Like, okay. That's The Dave Portnoy School. Yeah. You're too honest. Sure. Yeah. You've been to the Dave Portnoy school. It's just like, I, it's texting to me, say is a means to an end. And it's like, you have a question, here's an answer. And then they're like, why are you mad? It's like, I'm not, you asked a yes question, but you Are kind Of mad. And I said, yes, You are kind of mad. No, I'm not. When you, when you have to answer any question, you are a little mad. That is a fact. Crazy. If I ask you any question, you're just a little bit Mad. No.


Yeah. Appreciate. I appreciate somebody who texts like Hank Yeah. No PPF T's. But Do you agree p fd, when you ask Hank a question, he is a little mad at all times. He's usually mad that you're asking for his time. I Have resting anger face. It's something I'm working on. I'm trying to, I'm trying to find the light in life. But it's, it's, it's an issue. It's a little bit, it's been an issue for a few years. My texting, there's An underlying like 5% mad at any question. No. Yeah. You're you're, you're a great texter. Thank you. Me and PFT are probably on one side of the boat and you're on the other house. Right. Texting to me is a, it's, it's a means means to an Yeah. Yeah. It's a transaction. It's like, okay, I have a question. I got my answer. Good interaction. I just have to, when we're pushing the boat, when we're pushing this, this, this show And we're trying to plan, I have to, I have to push us with some texting.


No, I know. And I feel like you text, like I have, I text you probably the most and there's, I'm like, I feel like Bick cat's also texting like four or five other people. This like, you're, you're, you're a Texter. Oh, communicator. Yeah. Over communicating. Do you feel like when you send the exclamation point or Haha, like, are you hoping that that ends the conversation? Yeah. Oh yeah. That's the best way to end it. Yeah. Yeah. Just exclamation point and then just hope nothing else Comes through. Yeah. Because you don't want to keep it going. Like you, you get in those situations where you keep going back and forth. You're like, this conversation has ended like six texts ago. You know who I have a lot of respect for is the LMAO Oh oh. Oh oh. Oh. Oh, oh oh. Guys on Twitter? Yeah. Because they're, they're just fucking with you. Yeah. They're like, that's like two middle fingers in your face.


Yeah. If you, if you put the LMAO on there, conversation over, you lost. Yeah. They're clowning on you. Yeah. A quote, getting a quote. Treat l ao is feels bad. Yeah. Okay, let's do numbers. Let's do numbers. The boys are coming in. I'm gonna go with three. Oh, That was a tie. That was such a tie. That was a clean tie. That was An impossibly tie. Tie. Oh, memes. What do we want to do? Rock paper sealers. Shoot. I don't know. We can rock paper Suiters shoot for it. Do you want it? I want it. Do you want three memes? I Want it. I also want three. I want it all. Some fields.


Rock, paper, sealers. Shoot. Alright. One time. Rock, paper, scissors. Shoot. Rock, paper, scissors, shoot. Rock, paper, scissors. Shoot. Ah, you got me. Gotcha. Should have stuck. Stuck with rock three. Alright. Also, Justin Fields is not three in the gra in the Graphic. He was. Yeah, he was. And that sounds race. Max Means what would you have switched to whatever Puna Ford's number was. What's Puna Ford's number? What number it was Look it up, man. Does anybody, anyone here a big Puna Ford fan? I'm trying to find Justin Fields wearing number three. We, It was like Puna Ford's. 95. 95. Right. I'll go 95. We gotta Avoid some. I'm concerned about what that it's exactly five years ago was.


Yeah, that's concerning. I know. I didn't realize it was to the day. Yeah. Yeah. Big Cat was hot in March. Yeah. Yeah. We gotta, yeah, we just gotta hide in a bunker for two days. Yeah. I'd probably just kill myself if they did that again to us. I will go with 99 Pug. 54. Imagine if we could just 37, 17. What was yours, max One jailing hurts. Nice. Well Shouldn't it be four for being the fourth best? Nope. 58. So do another eight.


Yeah, let's do one more. Let's do one more. Three. Let's do one More. Come on. What's number? 95. 95 I'll go Means you're never gonna get it. Eight. One day Go. 17. How mad will you be if it's three right here? I'll darn Mad. I'll be Upset. We Need it. Everyone else sticking with their numbers. Say it again real quick. 17 One. I bet P would be good. Guess on. Pardon My Take Nine. 2075. Love you guys.