
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon My Take. We are back in studio. The boys are back. We have our good friend Mike Florio on the show, talking to some coaches, firings, open, open positions. Who's going where? Great. Talk with him. Couple conspiracies as well. We are going to talk College Football Playoffs. Then we have our weekend preview for week 18, and then we'll finish with some fire fest.


Before we do that, DraftKings, it's the most wonderful time of the year for getting in on all the hoops. Football and hockey action at DraftKings Sports. Booking the season of giving or being gifted college football and basketball, pro football and basketball and pro hockey too. Almost 24 7. So many games every day. So many opportunities to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app and place your bet. And here's a gift for all New customers. Bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Download the draftking sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks. Happy Holidays from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see d kng.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sportswear cap use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet, just five bucks. Happy holidays from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Friday, January 3rd and the SEC is dead.


So is buys. Buys are dead. Buys are dead. Buys are dead. The rest first rust has been settled. The SEC is dead. We have three big 10 teams in a big 12 team in the, in the semifinals. Yeah. Texas BI represent the Big 12. Yep. What a big 12 matchup. That was. Notre Dame is, is is a honorary Big 10 team. But yeah, we had, listen, this was the college football. I, I know that not every game, the Boise State, Penn State game wasn't super thrilling, but it was actually a pretty close game. It started out bad. Yeah, it was in doubt for 50 minutes. And the Rose Bowl was a shit kicking by Ohio State. But man, Texas, Arizona State was an instant classic. Notre Dame Georgia had some good drama.


College football might be back. Should we talk about each game? Yeah. Boise, Penn State. Let's start there. Max Penn State wins. It got a little Andy Ko Kalnicki. Some of his play calling was very frustrating if you were a Penn State fan because it did feel like Penn State could just run the ball down their throat if they wanted to. And they're like, nah, let's bomb this on third and short. At The start of the game. It just seemed like they could big boy him all day. Yeah. And then there was some little boy as play from Max. Yes. Some little boy as play. Lot of drop, lot of drop passes. Kate Tron Allen could have run, he could have run for a like 190 yards in that game if they really tried to.


And that's what most Penn State fans I think were wanting for most of the game. But whatever it, it, it got a little like, it never got like nervous, nervous, but it got like, why aren't we beating the fuck outta this team nervous. Right. It never, it never got to the point where it became a big game. Correct. No. Yeah. Penn State is in the semi-final out. I tweet that It was a big game because, you know, and emotions in the game. I'm getting mad and I'm like, that Happens to you. Yeah. Yeah. Between the lines, things happen. Shut out. Tyler Crow, low man trophy winner got a touchdown. Yes. All the haters out there that said that he wasn't worthy. Suck my dick. He Got a touchdown in the college football quarterfinals. And as for Boise, I mean this is the part of like, it was very clear that they had to play a perfect game to win that game just by like the, the matchups in the trenches.


I actually thought, like, I know there was a lot of memes going around about Ashton Genty. I thought he was like, there was a bunch of times where he got the ball and it would've been a loss or a yard. And he found a way to get like four or five yards. And like I didn't walk away from that game being like, Ashton Gente got, like, they were keying in on him, basically saying you can't beat us with the pass. And he still had a couple runs where I was like, holy shit. How did they not bring him down? Yeah, he was shaking off a lot of tackles, but nothing they, they bottled him up a little bit. They didn't let him because he, he's had halves like that before where he is not really breaking anything. But then he gets his like 70 yard touchdown. Right. And I also, I mean the end of the game was, that was a little, that was a little sad by Boise State where they were just trying to get him the record instead.


I mean, I know they were down, what were they, down 17. And I know they were like, there's probably no chance but running on first down with two and a half minutes left. Yeah. It didn't make sense. Was a Little sad. It was a little sad. They had no urgency to try to cover the spread for the people. And then so that game happens. Then we wake up on New Year's Day And we, we tune into Arizona State, Texas And we thought that just all the college football games were gonna be bad. Yes. In the first half. It just seemed like there was no chance Was the first two offensive plays that Texas had went for six? Well, No, they got a, they had a punt return. Yeah. So they had, they had the deep, they had like a, their, their first play from Scrooge was like a 50 yard pass then a touchdown. And then they had the punt return. It was 14 zero or 14 three almost instantly.


And we were like, fuck, this sucks. And then Arizona State, Kenny d and the boys, I mean, that was scatter. Bo was like it, he was puking. He was looked like he got bottled up in the first half and then he just did everything. That's when he woke up was after he puked. Yeah. He caught a 60 yard pass. He threw a pa a to a touchdown pass. He ran for 140. He had two touchdowns. The sideline reporter said that he was, he was throwing up profusely on the sidelines. Yeah. And then the announcers were speculating. Well maybe it's because he hasn't had to play into the fourth quarter a lot recently. Mm. Some other people were speculating. Well, it is New Year's day. Who knows what happened last night. Whatever happened, he got better after he puked. Yeah. Which was great.


And on that touchdown pass that he threw, did you know that that's not the pass that he was supposed to throw? I can't, I can believe it. It Was designed to be a pass back to the quarterback and he said, fuck it. I'm going deep. I mean he, the Arizona state, the, the way that game started, I've never seen worse body language from a team. Like he had guys yelling at each other, pushing each other, and then they just kept on crawling back. And like, if you actually look at the stats of that game, Arizona State played better than Texas. Like they had more yards. They were, they kept on getting to the red zone. Texas just, I don't know what it is. But their, their defense is so good. And their offense just goes into these dry spells that are like, what, what's happening Right now? They got lucky that they ended up winning.


So there was the, the targeting call that confused America. Yeah. Because nobody knows what targeting is. No one Knows that. No. That was targeting, I feel Like, I feel like the rule was created so that the refs have an opportunity to, to impact a game one way or the other. Yeah. Where like if they, if you want it to be targeting, you can say, okay, that's targeting. This guy's ejected. Yeah. If you don't want it to be, then you can say no. And everyone's like, well, okay. I guess I don't know what targeting is. Yeah. Because it's so weird. But the way that it's written, he was defenseless. I think he did hit lead with a crowd of his helmet. Yeah. It was like it was above the face mask. They Ended up being face mask to face mask. But it looked like he led with the Crowd. Yeah. But ball don't lie. They don't a kick at the end. Shout out to the Arizona state ball girls that walked right in front of the kicker.


Well, and also sarc with one of the weirdest decisions ever to be like, Hey, my kicker who just missed a kick has the biggest kick of his life. I'm gonna make him stare into my eyes while I like, hold his head and tell him everything's gonna be okay. That felt like it may, might have rattled Something. So I think that the, the reinforcement was so positive beforehand that the kicker didn't have any fear in him. You have to be a little bit afraid of your throat. Right. Like kickers. Were mental midgets. Can we say that? Yeah. Mental you. You need to have the, oh shit. I'm probably going to get killed by my head coach if I don't make this kick. Yeah. And Sark was just like doing the I love you man. Whatever. Love you so much. You do here. We're proud of you.


You're bur Auburn. His face pissed me off Burt's. Yeah. And his hair. His hair. Yeah. Yeah. I got a lot of people saying the hair's too much for kick. I don't disagree. Yeah. You don't wanna stand out at all if You're No, you gotta be just you. You got to not have any idea. Like point to the sideline, Random creative face. Oh, okay. Skinny white guy. Yeah. That's what we're looking for. And but Arizona State. Yeah. Like, I wish they had won that game. They balled their ass off. Texas got bailed out with that, that touchdown pass in overtime. Yeah. That, that was a Greg Williams special. Yeah. The zero blitz. Was it fourth and fifth? Fourth and 13, I think. Yeah. Don't really understand the play call. I guess they're just like, let's go win it. Let's be aggressive. And I like, I still think Texas is good.


I still like, I think they'll, their defense can, can give Ohio State some problems. But I just wanted, I wanted Arizona State to win that game so bad. They gotta use Isaiah Bond a little bit. Yeah. I know he is coming back from something, but they gotta use him a little bit more scab boo. This guy, I fucking love this guy. Yeah. I love, I love him so much. Sean Peyton probably will use a first round pick on him. 'cause he is like that. That is my new TSO hill. Yeah. That's everything I need outta the guy. He was so fun to watch. He was like, Michael, I'll stop mixed with John Coon running people over in the backfield. So fun. He's so fun. He's, he's an electric college football player. He's gonna be, I mean this is a loaded draft for running backs.


And then we had the Rose Bowl where Ohio State basically played a perfect half of football. That first half was one of the best halves of football I've ever watched by one team. Jeremiah Smith is, I don't know what Oregon, what they spent their bi-week doing. But it wasn't scheming up a way to stop Jeremiah Smith. They said, we're gonna make him beat us. Yeah. Okay. And he beat him. Okay. And he beat him. He beat him. He beat him by the time most of America started watching the game. Yeah. And then Dan Lanning, we had a sad punt from Dan Lanning. It was just, that was, that was Ohio State is just a team on a mission right now. I don't know what else you can say. Like they are, as long as they don't have to play Michigan, they are the best team in the country. Do you think Michigan is rooting for Ohio State at this point?


I think if you are a Michigan fan and Michigan fans can chime in and let us know. I think what Michigan fans are rooting for is for Ohio State to get to the national championship and then lose in tragic fashion. Yeah. I think that's probably what they're rooting for. Because they don't, 'cause like I know the whole, if they win we could say, well, we beat them. This still is a national title. So I think they want 'em to get as far as possible and then choke at the end. If you, okay. So like Ryan Day choke, If you're a Michigan fan drawing this up, you want them to get to the national championship and then maybe lose to Penn State. Yeah, Yeah. Or Notre Dame even like, yeah, just be like Michigan fans. Would, would rather Penn State win the national championship than Notre Dame?


Probably. Yeah. That's, no, that's, that's a toss Up. I don't know. 'cause I, I know Notre Dame's not in the big, they're not in the big They Are, but The rivalry from Time. Yeah. But they, I mean, Michigan and Penn State play almost every year. Notre Dame and Michigan, haven't they? They stopped the rivalry. They haven't played in years. I think they'd rather see Penn State. I I think they, I don't know if they would. No. Because Michigan could also be like, oh, Penn State, the Big 10 is the best, is the best conference. You know, if Penn State wins at all, they're the best conference. That's what I'm Saying. Oh yeah. I'm saying that they'd rather Penn State. Yeah. Maybe beat O-S-U-I-I Mean it's, I I think it's, you could ask a Michigan fan and they give you a different answer. Yeah. They don't like Notre Dame, but I I also think they don't like Penn State. But what's we're gonna say, max, should We ask Jack?


Yeah. Yeah. Ask Jack. Jack. Yeah. Get Jack in here. Resident. Resident Michigan fan. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. It's, He's so young though. I feel like he doesn't even remember Notre Dame in Michigan playing. But it's an added bonus every time Ohio State wins an important game that Michigan gets to be like. Yeah. Ever since we beat him. Yeah. Yeah. Also, you to your side. It might be better for James Franklin to like beat Ryan Day. So it's like Ryan Day's brain is fully broken. Then Ryan Day becomes James Franklin. Yeah. Jack, our resident Michigan fan. One of our behind the scenes guys does a great job. Jack as a Michigan fan, if it was, what are you rooting for for Ohio State in the, in, in this, in, in this college football playoff.


So I'm different. I don't want them to win. Right. Well, I, what I said was, I think most Michigan fans are rooting for 'em to get to the title and then lose in tragic fashion. Yeah. That would be hilarious. Yeah. And then if you were playing Penn State, would you rather Penn State or Notre Dame beat them? Penn State for sure. You'd rather Penn State beat them? Yeah, Penn. Okay. Penn State. Because that would, that would just be even funnier. Yeah. As a funny factor. Not as a hate Notre Dame factor. I mean, I also kind of hate Notre Dame as well. You Guys are kind of the same. Michigan and Notre Dame don't tell 'em that. Yeah. How just Well, you are the same. Yeah. You just refuse to Same fan bases. It's like Ravens and Steelers, they hate each other so much and they refuse to admit that they're the same team.


They love To talk about football from the 1940s. I mean, Notre Dame is like the biggest fraud of all time. Okay. Well, I mean, until last year, that was literally you. Who have you guys beaten in National championships besides the most recent one? Yeah, you guys are the same. That's fine. It's okay. I mean, yeah. Yeah. Congratulate you are a national champion right now. Thank you. Not taking that away from you. Thank you. Yeah. We support Connor Stallions. Okay. So you want Penn State to beat Ohio State in a tragic fashion for Ohio State. You just want Ryan Day to, I was saying the best outcome for Michigan is Ryan Day to have like a full blown Ryan Day meltdown in the national championship. Yeah. That would be, that would be the greatest thing ever. Yeah. If He, if he loses the natty to a guy who is known for losing big games, that would be, that would be the best outcome, right?


Yeah. Yeah. That would be hilarious. Yeah. Okay. Thank you Jack. Yep. And then, yeah, I mean the, the Georgia Notre Dame game, Notre Dame just out muscled Georgia, which was kind of shocking. Although Georgia obviously on their backup quarterback, who I wouldn't say pocket presence is his, is his strength. It's not also blocking for their backup quarterback wasn't a strength. Yeah. Yep. The whole, the whole left side felt like it was, it was a problem. But we also had the emergence of anti-hero for Georgia. What's the name? Parker Jones, I believe it was Parker Jones. Yeah. Parker Jones. Who, Number 39. Who Got it, who ended it ended up not mattering because they lost by 13 or Yeah. And Also they made the field goal on that.


They did make the field goal, but you, they would've had first in goal. Parker Jones, a Walkon cornerback got in the way of a ref, 15 yard penalty memes. You're a Georgia fan. Yep. What were you thinking about Parker Jones at that point? We were watching with the sound off, but it was just like, wait, what happened? I thought we were inside the tent And then it was just Parker Jones. Parker Jones everywhere. Maral intern. Yeah. No, I mean, Parker Jones is gonna be an awesome pharmaceutical sales rep in like three years. Maybe Not anymore. I don't know. I mean it's, yeah, his, that sucks so bad for him because like I was joking that, you know, even if you're a walk-on or you're, you know, you never play a snap for Georgia to live the rest of your life being like, yeah, I was on Kirby Smarts Georgia teams.


And he would've been able to say that and then someone would be like, Hey, what's your name? Like, oh, I'm Parker Parker Jones. Like, wait a second. I remember that name. I thought it was mean that they showed him at the end of the game, They showed him so much. Everyone had kind of moved on from him a little bit. And then to put him back on the screen on the national broadcast, that felt, that was Targeting, that was targeting, that was absolutely targeting. So Penn State, Notre Dame Max, how are you feeling? I feel good. Notre Dame, I feel like Penn State and Notre Dame are have kind of looked and Notre Dame just had a very impressive win. I, I don't know their offense, their offense is so blunt. Their defense is elite.


Their defense is shown to be elite. If Drew Aller can have a good game, get hot, Colin, Nicki. But like, this is a sort of game where we're not gonna be able to like, shove it down their throats. Right. So Colin, Nicki will have to kind of do a little bit of the, I think he's gonna have to do some fuck shit. Yeah. He's gonna have to do some fuck shit. He's gonna have to get creative. Yes. He's gonna have to get creative in this game. And if he does, I like Penn State's chances. I like that they're dogs. I like that they're dogs in this game. As Of right now. As of right now, they're one and a half point dogs. Opened his dogs, Opened his dogs. It'll be a good game. It'll be a good game. I think I, I think I like the under, I'll say that.


Yeah. Okay. I I I hope Abdul Carter put, I mean, Abdul Carter put out like the Darth Vader video saying that he was loading up to, What happened with him is his shoulder. It, it was insane that they just weren't talking about It. Yeah, yeah. They Just weren't ta He just went off and they, and they showed him adjusting in the pads and then it was just like, that was it. He's the best player on the field. He is gonna be a top five pick in the draft. And, and he just didn't play for three quarters of the game and, and they just didn't say a thing. And No, nobody knew what was going on. Yeah. So if Abdul Carter plays, I, I like her chance. So tell me about this Darth Vader video. So I didn't know anything about this video. I had some super Connor Griffin resident, Star Wars nerd, star Wars nerd, super Penn State, super, super, super fan.


Explain the video That he zipped up his fly and then came over And told you that is a scene from Star Wars where Darth Vader goes into this healing chamber. Okay. Okay. And then he gets healthy super fast and like gets super jacked and Powerful. This is a lot. Super. And then Darth Vader ends up winning in the end, right? I don't, I'm not a Star Wars guy. Okay. That's probably an important part to look up. I'm Not way I person He did. Oh, he Doesn personally not a Star Wars guy. Hank does he win? Yeah, I mean he made up His relationship with his son. Oh. Oh. That, that died as A good father. Okay. And his hand was fine. Yeah. No, no, no, no. Well, what happened?


It got cut off by a lights Saver. Oh no. A Light, a light saver saber. Oh be, no. So he's gonna, Abdul Carter's gonna play a whole game without a Hand. Yeah, that's what it sounds like. Where does Baby Yoda factor into this? He doesn't wait. Did he even post a video? It looks like a picture. It's just a picture. So He posted a picture of Darth Vader right before Darth Vader died. I I'm not a Star Wars guy. So you, you be, if, do you have to be a Star Wars guy to know the difference between a picture and a video? The same premise. It's a meme. Sometimes memes are pictures, sometimes memes are videos, you know, whatever tomato Tomorrow. So he is gonna do something that is unregulated that will heal him extra fast and then he's going to die.


I don't know. Star Wars. Okay. Alright. I'm, videos are big. I'm just trying to figure This out. All I know is that he's, that it, it seems like he, he's getting super healthy and super jacked. Super Jacked, super healthy. Hank, that's sick. Yeah. All Right. Good. That's my analysis, Max. If it makes a difference to you, I'll be rooting for you. Love That. I think I'm gonna bet on Penn State, I think I'm bet on Penn State and Ohio State. I'm Gonna watch. It should be A good stream. I, I, Penn State Ohio, Ohio State is what I want. Just because whichever, whichever Coach loses is just very funny. Yeah, that is a very funny, like, you could just go whichever rush you want. No, it, no, I mean, James Drake's a losing to Ohio State when he gets a cake walks, you know, to, to the semi-final. But if you, But if you beat Notre Dame to go to go to the national championship, that's a big win.


I, I agree. But then if you lose to Ohio State yet again, it's like you can't, he can't beat Ohio State. But you, but Penn State fans won't be mad in that, in that scenario. Ah, yeah. Yeah. He'll, if you get to an nat and you lose, If you literally can, if it just, it keeps proving that you can't, there he would be I think one in 11 maybe against Ohio State. Yeah. To any, He won the won. If You lost anybody else, it wouldn't be as bad. Yeah. I don't know. I like this. But this is the game. Like they, they got it. This Is the big game. This is the Big game. Yep. This is the big game. This is the big game. This Is the big game. And then everything else is great. You don't care.


Yeah. I think it would be, it would be funnier if Ryan Day lost than it would be a King James Franklin lost Ryan Day losing in the national championship and it getting so far in season that they can't fire him would be very funny. But Ohio State also looks insanely good. Like they look, they're two wins now against Tennessee and Oregon. Yeah. No, they look unstoppable. We're absolutely like lights out. Just the best team on. They, they have by far, if you reseeded right now, they are the, they are the one seed by far. And you can just imagine them winning and Jack Sawyer getting on stage and crying and screaming for about seven minutes nonstop. Right. Yeah. Like, that feels like something that could very easily happen.


Yeah. And then hopefully a reporter would be like, what? Congrats on the na, but what do you think about the flag that Michigan put in the 50 yard line? Fuck they're fucking do the flag. Yeah. That, that counts as a mission. Michigan National Championship, since they own that stadium, right? Yeah. Yeah. Should je should Jeremiah Smith declare for the draft, like I I A year and a quarter from now? It's crazy. He's so goddamn good. I it's, it's bullshit. He should do the Maurice Claret being like, I'm ready now. He Is ready right now. Yeah. They showed the graphic in the first half of comparing him to like it was to and Julio Jones, right? Yeah. I was like, come on, let's, let's pump the brakes a little bit. And then you watch him play and you're like, yeah, I, I can see it.


And He's got another two years. It's insane. Is the most humble player he's ever seen. Ever. Yeah. Him and Ryan Williams. There's two, two dudes that we're gonna get to watch in college football for the next two years. Yeah. They're just insane. Okay, let's do NF NFL Week 18. Also. I love Caleb Downs. Yeah. That guy's awesome. Yeah. I mean, Ohio State's just really fucking good at football and they just, as long as they don't have to play Michigan because even there are other loss to Oregon, you can ex like losing by one or two, whatever it was on the road to Oregon on the road is not like a crazy loss. Yeah. It's just losing at home as a 18 point favorite. That, that is a crazy Loss because they wanted to become Michigan. Beat Michigan. Yeah.


Like I said, like if they had, if they had played their game, they should've beaten the shit outta machine. Oh Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Okay, let's do week 18 in the NFL. We got a lot to talk about before we do that.


Gametime football season is here. We can't wait to get out to some games with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner or Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime Picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime Picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We're looking at the Lion's Vikings Sunday night football. Save The best for last. Gonna be an all time environment. Lions fans need to bring everything they have. I'm seeing you can get in for three 70 and I'm looking at a super deal right now for 505 Bucks. Okay, so get there. Try to, to get the one seat. If you're a Lions fan, say what's up to Sprinkles. Yeah. Home atmosphere. If you're a Vikings fan trying to get the one seed, go to the Gametime Picks deal for great seats. Just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen to browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Gonna go get those tickets. If you are a Lions or Vikings fan, download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals. The new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime.


We're also brought to you by our friends at the Farmer's Dog this new year. Healthy Habits don't only apply to humans. Give your dog a fresh start too. The Farmer's dog makes feeding real healthy dog food easy and convenient and your dog will absolutely love it. The pre-portioned meals are personalized for your dog's needs, which makes it simple to help your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight. If you've ever thought about making the switch, now is the time. I know Stella's a farmer's dog. So is Blake. It's made from human grade real meat and veggies that are gently cooked with the safety and quality standards of human food. Even the best traditional dry and wet dog food options are highly processed. And because pet food is very el loosely regulated, you can use much lower quality ingredients than they claim to. It doesn't matter if your dog is younger or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, and full years together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/pmt to get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/pmt.


Okay, boys, week 18 in the NFL We had Pro Bowl, by the way. Congrats. PFT, Jaden Daniels Pro Bowler Pepsi Rookie of the Week as well. Pepsi Rookie of the week. Did you have any pro bowlers? Yeah, I had won. Did you Johnson? Yep. That's pretty sick. Max. You guys had a lot. Ravens had a shit load memes. Do you have a pro bowler? Nope. Ah, none. We got, we got some reserves. Zero zero. And Sam darn made his first pro bowl, which by the way, solidifies 2018 draft was insane.


It's the year for everyone in the 2018. I mean there was already some like incredible players, but the renaissance of some of these guys. Just a reminder, the 2018 draft Baker Mayfield went one, Saquon Barkley two, Sam Donald three. So 1, 2, 3 pretty much had career years. Four was Denzel Ward. He's been to four Pro Bowls. Bradley Chubb, Quentin Nelson, Josh Allen, Quan Smith, Mike McGlinchy, and then Josh Rose. Hmm. But really we should just make Lamar 32. He was 10. Yeah, no, it's, it was a good draft. Really good draft. So eight out of the ten first rounders or, or first picks in the 20, or sorry, the first eight picks in the 2018 draft had been to at least one Pro Bowl.


Pretty good. Now I'm interested To see who actually ends up playing in the Pro Bowl, because that's when things get fucked up. Yeah. When you start getting a bunch of guys that get put on the team at the very last minute. What reserves do you have? Memes I believe. Quinn Williams. Garrett Wilson, Xavier Gibson, Irv Charles. Oh shit. That dude. That's a lot of reserves. A ton of reserves. But there's like second reserve, third reserve, reserve. There's tears. Okay. Yeah. But that sounds like a lot of reserves. Yeah, we, we lead the league in almost pro Bowls. Oh, nice. So Patrick Mahomes, is he in the Pro Bowl? He's not. That's weird. Yeah. 'cause he's the best quarterback in football. I don't think that Patrick Mahomes cares at all.


He, I think he, this is probably a good thing for him. Yeah. I mean he wa he's gonna probably play in the Super Bowl. He was not gonna go to the Pro Bowl anyways. So, but but now you give the Chiefs a tiny bit of ammunition. Yeah. Be like, look, Patrick Mahomes wasn't a pro bowler. Yeah, that's, that's the opposite of what the rest of the NFL needs outta him. It's also, you know, you've fully made it when if you try to like say Ha ha Patrick from Holmes isn't in the Pro Bowl. You're like, well that's okay dude. Yeah. I don't care. He Wins Super Bowls. Yeah, it really doesn't matter. Who cares? Okay, let's do games by the way this week. So, so at the end of the preview we'll do our picks. Memes and Hank are safe. So they're not gonna pick. It's between me, PFT and max.


And the deal is PFT and I both have 18 I believe and Max has 16. So under normal we max would've to go two and oh. And we'd both have to go oh and two for a tie. And we're not gonna do a tiebreaker this year if we tie, if anyone ties, they have to go to the bachelor party together. So if like Max and I tie, we're both going, which I think would be better for content. And PFD and I have graciously given Max an extra pick. So he is gonna get three picks And we get two picks. He's getting Yeah, the easiest road to the championship. So that means that any combination of Max going, if Max goes three and oh and p ft and I both go one and one, all three of us are gonna go.


If, if either PFT and I go oh and two and Max goes two and one, then we would go, so Max you gotta at least win two. You gotta at least get two outta three and hope for us to suck. Yeah. Because if either of us goes two and oh we we're automatically safe. Have We figured out what bachelor party we're gonna go on? No. That's a whole other process. No, That's a whole, that's a whole other process. That's a whole other thing. I have so many weddings this summer. Oh well Sounds like you're gonna have another bachelor party unless you go three and oh and and one of us goes zero and two, then you're safe. Would that, that would be a hell of a, I mean Davis Mills that year still Davis Mills. So many hot dogs. So many hot dogs.


Okay, let's get to the games first. Games Saturday. Which I'll just say it, I don't understand why the NFL did the scheduling this way. The cheat the, the Steelers in the Bengals should have played first because Browns at Ravens. Ravens minus 20 over under 41. If the Ravens win this game, they win the A FC North and the Steelers have nothing to play for. So they have absolutely not, they don't have seating to play for in that case. I thought they did. I guess they would with the Chargers. But Because it would be a pretty big seating deal then, right? Because yeah, I mean you, you would, you Would much rather, you would, yeah, you, you wanna avoid the Ravens, you Would wanna avoid the Ravens but still like the A FC North will be decided. I I it didn't But that no, to me, to me that makes a massive difference for, But it makes so much more sense for them to just go first.


I, yeah, it probably does. Why wouldn't they have just gone first? It probably does. I think you probably wanted to get Joe Burrow and the Seal. It's a, it's a much like more impactful game in terms of driving viewers. So you want that in prime time. Right. But it would've been like them going first being like if they win they get to, they can win the A FC North. I think they want that in the afternoon slate because I thi I do think the Steelers have a lot to play For. Yeah, no they definitely do. But 'cause playing against Home playoff game is a lot. Home Playoff game is a lot. But also avoiding the Ravens in the first round is a lot. And then I at least we're getting the Bengals on Saturday so that we can see the outcome of their game before we see other Yeah, I like the other games as a big swing. Alright, so, so the Ravens, so it's gonna be Bailey Zappy I believe for the Browns, but also maybe still DTR, which is so sad.


Yeah, we, we've got a lot of those this weekend. A lot of like really, really depressing two-headed monster matches If and yeah. Yeah. So we're might might get a combination of both DTR and Bailey Zappy. Bailey Zappy who's been there for how long? The year, The whole year? Maybe not the whole year. I don't think so. Half the Year Jameis emergency quarterback. Oh yeah. It can't be the whole year because he was probably, unless he was on practice squad, I believe believe Sean Deshaun went down and then they signed a Differe squad, then they signed Bailey Zappy. Got it. Yeah. He was on the Chief's before that, on the chief's practice squad. Damn. Bailey Zappy was so close to a Ring. That would've been tough. Yeah. So one thing to watch for in this game, Lamar Jackson might break the single season quarterback rating record.


Correct. So he's right behind Aaron Rogers from 2011. Yep. So maybe, maybe Lamar just plays a half, gets outta there. Yeah. And we also, 20 Points is a lot. Yeah. Yeah. We have, it is a lot. But the Browns are really, really bad. Miles Garrett I do think will be playing hard that he, he is never as good as Miles Garrett is. He's never led the NFL and Sachs and a Cleveland Brown has never done that. Hmm. So He also said He's tied right now for with Trey. He Hendrickson, He said they wanna play spoiler, They wanna play Spoiler, which Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Play spoiler. You Know, it would be nice if they scored like maybe 17 points That would be nice for the defense.


Yeah. Right. Yeah. In their last three games, how many, how many points do you think the Browns have scored in three games? Not many. 16. Yeah. I mean, DTR and his five starts has scored 37 total. Yeah. So it's, it's not, it's not looking good. Also, here's a, a fun fact from Paul MBO in the Browns. Oh. And 16 season in 2017, they never were more than a 13 and a half point underdog. And they're a 20 point underdog in this game. Also, Derrick Henry incentives, if he gets one touchdown, he breaks Jamal Lewis's record for the franchise record and he also gets $500,000. That's Huge. And he also has 217 yards away from 2000, which he would be the oldest player to get 2000 Russian guards.


That's huge. I, I read somewhere, I forget who posted this, but this is the 40th quarterback that the Browns have started since 1999. Oh Man. With Bailey Zappy. Oh Man. Yeah. That's tough. Okay. Yeah. I mean this is kind of a one eye game. It's football One. Yeah. It's a Saturday. A one eye Game. Listen, this is, this is the last week of the NFL season. Your team is playing this weekend. Yeah. For a lot of people it's gonna be your last chance to watch your team play, which this is big. I'm so excited to not see my team play anymore. Okay. Yeah. Like the playoffs are gonna be great 'cause I don't have to watch my team. I think Browns fans probably are in the same boat. I get that. But there's something different about an NFL Sunday Of course.


Of course. Where you know what you have to do and you know that you have to put on that Browns jersey Yeah. The face paint. Yeah. You know, you have to do, you have to do the whole, it's a, it's a tradition, it's a ritual. Yeah. This is your last Sunday of that ritual that you get to experience until maybe late August. Yeah. Okay. Bengals at Steelers. Steelers minus two over under 48. I don't know what's going on with the Steelers. Mike Tomlin allegedly corrected the, he, he hit the elephant in the room talk with, I think it's Cam Sutton is what people are guessing, but also maybe Mka and also maybe Patrick Queen is the guy that everyone keeps talking about who's missing assignments. Yeah. Also, did you see George Pickens video from the locker room?


I did not see that one. No. Okay, So this is kind of perfect for, can you actually pull it up? Max George Pickens talking about Russell Wilson and him being not being on the same page. This is a perfect, like, it's a perfect example of where the Steelers are right now as a team because it, they, they've been taking on water, they've been playing real teams and they've been losing and it doesn't feel like the vibes are super high. Yeah. Here we go. Here's the video. This George Pickens being asked about being on the same page with Russell Wilson. It seemed like you and Russ weren't on the same page on that interception against the Chiefs. How does that happen and what do you guys do to address it? He said me and Russell wasn't on the same page.


Yeah, well that's what he said. That's what he said. Yeah. Or is that what you said? That's what he said. Oh, okay. How, how do you just address that? Alright. Thank you know what? So they weren't on the same page. Even, you know What Mike Tomlin coach of the year right there, what I just saw from George Pickens, that's growth. But he, He physically took his sheisty, pulled it up over his mouth. He was like, I can't, I wanna say a lot of things right now. Coach told me don't say anything and he just, he physically restrained himself from talking. Yeah. But that video I admire that. But that video is so funny because it's a reporter saying, what do you think about not being on the same page as Russell Wilson?


And he's like, wait, he said that or you said that. And he is like, no, Russ said that. And he's like, oh shit. I didn't even know Russ said that. Proving that they're not on the same page. They weren't on the same page on that one play Or, or in the follow-up interviews in the Follow-up. Yeah. Yeah. Because if they were on the same page in the follow-up interviews, they both would've known they weren't on the same page. George Pickens thinks they were on the same page. Russell Wilson does not. I just appreciate George moving forward. Yeah. Okay. For this game as well. Joe Burrow could become only the fourth player ever to get 5,000 yards passing and 45 touchdowns in a season. So he needs 359 yards and three touchdowns.


The other three player, four players. So it'd be the fifth actually of all time. The other four players are Patrick Mahomes in 2018. Pey Manning in 2013. Drew Brees in 2011 and Dan Marino in 1984. And it made me realize we don't put enough respect on our good dear friend, recurring guest Dan Marino. Because him having 5,084 yards and 48 touchdowns in 1984 when the game was not a passing game is fucking insane. That's an insane statistical seat. Like, think about it, Joe Burrow's having a career year and he still needs to do some work to get to what Dan Marino did. And the league is completely different.


All four of the all, all the other three that I mentioned all happened in the last 13 years. And Dan Marino did it fucking 40 years ago. Yeah. You could still basically interfere with receivers. Yeah. You could hit the shit outta the quarterback five seconds after they threw the pass. Teams Just tried to run the ball. Yeah. They tried to establish the run over and over. I looked it up. So after he did that in 1984, it took 15 years until someone had over 40 touchdown passes in a season. Not named Dan Marino. 'cause he actually did it again two years later. 44 touchdown passes Kurt Warner in 1999. And it took 22 years for someone else to eclipse 5,000 yards in Drew Brees.


And it's 21 years, I think until when Brady broke the, the touchdown record, his touchdown record in 2007. So it's like more respect on Dan Marino that that's just an absolute anomaly of like, basically you picked a stat line from today's NFL and you just stuck it right in the middle of the eighties and you're like, yep. That's what Dan Marino did. Yeah. It's pretty crazy to imagine that it's nuts. And, and what Joe Bro's done this year has been awesome. I can't, I can't wait for this game because I think that no matter what, the Steelers are gonna play very, very hard. The Bengals, when they try their very hardest, they might end up losing in heartbreaking fashion. Yeah. But it's gonna be a crazy game.


Yeah, Yeah. No, it's gonna be a great game. And I, We get it. We get Renegade in a night game, we get the terrible towels going. Double Renegade Maybe Double Renegade. Yeah. Joey Porter Jr. Trying not to interfere with people. It's gonna be great. It's gonna be great. It's gonna be great. Okay. Onto Sunday. Commanders of Cowboys, Cowboys plus six over under 44. How we feel b, FD you gotta win this game to avoid the eagles. Doesn't matter. We play who we you gotta beat good teams in the playoffs. Okay. That's, that's what I'm looking at right now. Max. If you fully come to grips with the seating. Yep. I'm onto the Packers. Okay. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm ready for the Packers because You're, you're trying to duck the commanders.


It's okay. I the pack I'll play you. I want Max. But the reality is we, We'll see what Mike Florio said about that. When we get to that And we get to the Interview, we, we gotta take care of Business. His number one thing he said was, as long as you don't play the Eagles. Okay. Mike Florio knows Ball we'll get to, who am I to argue With? Yeah, we'll get to it. We'll get To it. But that's what he said. Okay. Alright. So Max, I wanna beat the Cowboys because I wanna win every game that I'm in, regardless of opponent also four and two in the division, in those parentheses next to your record looks a lot better than three and three in the division. So that's what I'm hoping for. And I I'm hoping to stay healthy. Yeah. Just stay healthy. This game made me think of, there's a lot of, especially with the 12 team playoff and the new Wild Card and, and Major League Baseball people complaining about, you know, the, the playing game in the NBA.


Too many teams make the playoffs. Imagine if we only had six succeeds this year. Yeah. That would, well actually it would be awesome if you win this game. 'cause then the Packers would be out, knock them Out yet. But, But still, like you would basically be eliminating a team that has a a 1112 win team. Yeah. 12 wins, two teams tied at that one would get left out. And then in the NFCA, like anything can happen as far as the road goes. If we win this game, we get the six seed we could play at the Rams, we could play at the Bucks. You don't know. And then once the reseeding starts to happen And we talked about a dream scenario, crazy. We'll have to wait for that, that conversation. But yeah, I'd, I'd like to beat the Cowboys. He always wanna beat the Cowboys, but to me the most intriguing part of this game is, is Mike McCarthy and what happens afterwards.


Yeah, Yeah. Also, Ezekiel Elliot went for the sad release ever. I dunno if you guys saw this, but Jerry Jones released Ezekiel Elliot outta respect and appreciation for Zeke. So he'd have a chance on a playoff team. He did not get claimed. And I don't know if anyone will sign him. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what really the expectation, the ideal scenario for 'em is to stay on the Cowboys and to keep getting these lifetime achievement touchdowns from the Cowboys when they get the ball at the one yard line. Yeah. Be like, here he goes, Zeke, who I guess you can have a touchdown. Who Would even, who would even sign them? Maybe the one team that I've heard that would make any bit of sense would be the Chargers. I was gonna say the charges. 'cause they're Injured.


Yeah. Because they're banged up at that position Because JK Dobbins is back. But Yeah, But besides that, I don't know why, I don't know why any team would really Let him be a Raven. Sure. Fuck it. Let him be a Raven. Get him on the Chiefs. Let him spell Derrick Henry. If Andy Reid is trying to win a Super Bowl on expert mode, get Ezekiel Elliot back there and give him meaningful carries. Get Ezekiel Elliot back there and, and me and what's his name? Who's The fucking Carson Steele? No, the guy who, who drops all the balls. Oh, Kaari Tony. Yeah. Kaari Tony. Bring 'em back. Yeah, let's get it going. But yeah, I I feel like the Cowboys could be a little alive, but it's really just, it's not about the Cowboys more like is there any emotional let down to such an incredible Sunday night, which was incredible.


Yeah. Like that was, you know, clinching the playoffs winning at home. The Jayden Daniels insane drive to end the game. I still think the Commanders will win. But that would be my only, I hope so. Argument for it. Hope. I hope so. I hope we win. I think that we're gonna win. I'd like to see Luke McCaffrey get a touchdown too. I went back through all the film. Okay. He was my all 22 project this week. The stuff he does without the ball Did, did you hear on Sunday Night Football? Did they, they they did say Marsha and Latimore played. Well he did the Eagles, He did play well. Collinsworth did say that he Did. You listen. Obviously you don't want pass Interferences are not good. But they don't always tell the whole story. Yeah. But yeah, Luke get, get Luke a touchdown. Will you, while watching this, He's always the first guy to help up a teammate too.


Yeah. While watching this game. Will you be, if you lose this game, will you be like, will you be upset? Will you be like, shit, Eagles. I think it only, it, it matters how we lose the game. If we lose with no injuries And we don't look just terrible. Yeah. Then I'll be like, listen, I I'll take the Eagles. You play who you play Because Hank and memes, I I you guys agree we we wanna see Eagles commanders. Yeah. Yeah. For The show You play play Every a's nodding their head right now. Yeah. I Wanna beat good teams. That's the thing about me Big Cat is I want to beat the best. Yeah. Max wants the easiest path possible. Also, his quarterback still in concussion protocol. That's very true.


Well, Tanner McKee. Tanner McKee. I, I'm okay. Can I amend this? I don't want, I want zero part of playing Tanner McKee in the playoffs. I don't want that guy. 'cause that guy, he's, he's Different. Three for four, two touchdowns. Yeah. Alright. Bears at Packers. Packers plus 10 over under 41. Lalo said he's playing everyone the Bears haven't won a road game on a Sunday since, And we want to take a guess. 2021. Yes. Week what week 15 at Seattle. Nick Foles was the quarterback. 20 Sunday Road games in a row.


They have lost Sunday. They've won some. That's such shocking. They've won some Thursday night Road games. They've won I think a Monday night Road game. They have not won a Sunday road game since 2021 and they won't win this game. So we'll just go into 2025 being like, we haven't won a road game on a Sunday. So it's gonna be bare weather though, which is also Packer Weather. No, it's more bay bare weather. So it's gonna be like low twenties, maybe some snow. Just get me out of this season. I don't really wanna watch this game. Okay. What If, what if you beat the Packers though Last season We're not gonna beat the Packers. Packers are going to embarrass us. They're gonna laugh at us and then we're gonna hire Brian Flores and I'm gonna kill myself.


Mm. That's a bad thing, you Think? Yeah. Or he kill himself. Hope he Flores. Hope he would not want me to die. Yeah. With, well let me ask you this. Hey, has Brian Flores ever coached a young quarterback and how did it go if he did? They had a couple, what, 2 9 1 seasons back, back Two in the Dolphins? I don't believe so. I think they had, well He put in Brian Fitzpatrick over to him. Yeah. Well I can also chalk that up to Brian Flores being part of Bill Belichick's tentacles where he would just true, he would farm out his assistant coaches to go destroy another team. And so he probably loved a team in the division getting absolutely creamed by Brian Flores.


Le Let me put it this way. Nine and eight, 10 and six, five and 11. Which one of the, those 10 and six was with Tua? Yeah. That might, no, that was I think the year that they, they, he like wouldn't play Tua 2019. They were five and 11 and then 10 and six and nine and eight. I would rather have, I'm gonna say something crazy right now actually. I don't think it's that crazy. I'd much rather have if given a choice, Mike McCarthy over Brian Flores. Just because you don't think that Brian Flores is one of these coaches that goes to his second job and he's like, I learned a lot of stuff from my first job.


Like, namely, don't make your young quarterback hate you. I think Tua started nine games. Nine games. Yeah. Nine games that season. I think Brian Flores could be a very good head coach with a well established quarterback in place. Okay. But he'd probably, he'd probably have to hire a guy whose only job is to take care of Caleb. I just don't want a defensive coach and I don't, I I want Ben Johnson. And then all the reports are out that Ryan Polls is trying to softly push the team away from Ben Johnson. 'cause Ben Johnson would then softly push Ryan polls away from the team. It's the height of dysfunction. We're gonna talk about it with Flo Florio.


It's, it's the worst. Brian Flores would be a disaster. I, I don't know that he would though. Yeah. He wasn't. Okay. Yes, he alienated Tua, but Hank just said 10 wins. Tua did not start that whole Season. 10 wins without Tua. Mike McDaniel would love that. Yeah. I just, you Know, you get Tua started for nine games, you win 10. He, I, I just don't, I I don't want it. I don't want it. You, but You did say you wanted Mike McCarthy. I said I if given, if you made me choose between the two, I don't want Mike McCarthy either. If you said you have to take one of the two, I would take Mike McCarthy. Mike McCarthy's a good coach. He's won a Super Bowl. Yeah. I, I do not want either, just for the record, but if you said you have to take one or the other, I would take Mike McCarthy.


I mean, he's, he's coached a young, he coached a young Aaron Rogers. He coached the transition between Fav and Aaron Rogers. Like That was, I mean, that was a difficult transition when Fav decided to come back after retiring. He also can't beat the Packers. That's, well, no. He, he can beat the Packers As the Cowboys Coach. No. As the end of his time with the Packers, he beat the Packers all the time. That's true. He's got a lot of experience. He's beating the Packers Being in football games where the Packers lose. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. He's beating the Packers many, many times. So Right now the Packers have 108 wins against the Bears. It's tied all time for the most victories by one team over another team.


You know who you're tied with though? They've been playing for a long Time. You know who you're tied with though? Who? Me? The Giants beating. Oh, the Redskins football team Commanders. So, We'll, we'll have that record. Yeah. Passing the Torch game. They've been playing a long time and it's been a long time of getting our faces just smashed in. Hank Bill's, Patriots. Bill's a Patriots, Patriots plus two and a half over under 37 and a half. What are we thinking for this game? I think that what you said the other day about Mayo coaching for his job and, and leaving it on the line is, is what's gonna happen. I think I can speak from most, if not all Patriots fans, that we would rather see Drake may not play.


Give us a little Joe Milton action and hopefully we lose the game. But it just feels like one that they're gonna win and we're gonna lose, you know, some great draft picks. Yeah. As a, as a Result. And he's gonna try to save his job. Yeah. Yeah. Is the Joe Milton coming out game? No, I don't think he's gonna play. I think I, I wish it was the Drake May coming out of the game game for Joe Milton, but I think today they announced Drake may as a starter. So that's, that dream is dead. Well, Josh Is starting too. Yeah. But that's mostly so that he can continue the streak because he is available to play. Yeah. So he is going to try to start. How many series do you think for Josh? Two. Two. Here's the, here's what I'm mo I I I, I do think the pagers are gonna find a way to win this game.


'cause I think the bills are gonna pack it in. Bills Are good team though. They got good backups. Like they're, they're well coached. Like hopefully they, you know, they're, they're focused on the playoffs and so hopefully their whole team is kinda locked in, in like playoff mode and the Patriots are just like, get the season over with and, and that's how it plays out. But I, I feel like they're gonna, Patriots are gonna win Fun fact about the bills. And I guess it depends on, well, no, right now it stands, they're the only team to beat two 14 win teams in a season. And if the Lions win against the Vikings, they'll be the only team to beat two 15 win teams in a season. Oh, that's pretty cool. Pretty crazy. Also, they could, I like, imagine if the Lions win and it's like, hey, they, that was their two, their two wins or two of their wins against the two best teams.


One seats. Yeah. And they could get 14 wins, which would be the most for the bills in, in franchise history. Yep. Here's the big thing that we have to figure out for this game Boys. And I don't even know if it'll be listed, maybe, is there for touchdown scores? Is there other listed? Sometimes it's probably not up. I haven't seen it know what touchdown is. So the bills have 13 different touchdown scores, reception touchdowns this year. The record is 14. And the bills have talked about it. How they're like, they see this as a team award and they're excited and they want to break this record. Zach Davidson is the name that I found.


He's the backup, backup tight end and Reggie Gilliam. Those are the two guys that could conceivably catch and, and like there might be an, it might be an offensive lineman. Yeah, I was thinking of one in particular. Dawkins. Yeah. Does he have one this year? I don't think so. But this does, I mean, doesn't it, like there was a report that they've been actively talking about, like, this would be a really cool record to get as a team. We gotta figure out who that touchdown's gonna be to Dawkins anytime touchdown is that listed. I don't think that's gonna be listed. I think we have our best shot at doing offensive players and just spraying against like, I think they're gonna try to get this, I think they're going to try to figure out a way to get someone to catch.


Maybe it's Mitch, Nick Beyond. Josh scored already. Oh, he, he did. Oh Fuck. What about, has Josh got a receiving touchdown? Josh does. He does. Yes. Pass It to himself. Yep. Oh, shit. Yeah. So we have to figure out who that's gonna be. Yeah, I look through it today. Yeah. Zach Davison has three games played in one reception this year. No Touchdowns and Reggie Gilliam as well. I, 'cause like everyone else has scored for them, so it's crazy. Like they've just had every single guy score a touchdown. We just have to figure out who's gonna be, Oh wait, maybe What Dawkins hasn't scored. None of the props are out yet, so. Yeah. Yeah. What about DeMar?


Hmm? I feel like if you put him on the field, everyone's gonna be like, that's gonna be a touchdown to DeMar, right? Yeah, probably. Why is he out there? Okay, so that was more, more to come on that. We gotta figure that out. Damar out there is a decoy and then he trips and falls down and to Reggie Gilliam. Then the whole defense is like, oh my God, is he okay? Yeah. Touchdown pass to Reggie Gilia. Reggie Gilliam. Okay, got it. I'm rooting for Reggie Gilliam. I That would be fun. Gim softly with his song. Re Reggie Gilliam would be a very fun touchdown. Okay, let's see. Next game. Giant seed Eagles.


Eagles minus three over hundred 37 and a half. PFT Saquon is is kind of a, a pussy for this, huh? No touchdown for Dion. Dawkins is Here. Okay. Correct. No touchdown. Okay. For not asking for the rock. Yeah. So if I was saquon, he did ask for the Rock. If I was Saquon Barkley, I demand the Rock. Here's what I would say. I would march straight into Nick Siri's office and I would say, coach, I want to play, I wanna play for my teammates. I wanna play most of all though for the game. Yeah. For the game. Because I respect the game so much and it's such a meaningful record. If you don't respect the game, the game won't respect you back. That's a good point. And also you're not, you're not gonna tell me that Saquon doesn't have any feelings towards the Giants, like going for the record against his own team that didn't want 'em.


Like either this is a Saan problem, which Max just told me that it's not or it's Siri problem. Yeah. Where Nick Sirianni is like, it's clearly I don't have any, the game means nothing to me. Yeah. The records mean history means nothing to me. Yeah. And It's just like, I mean, I saw Dan Campbell playing all the stars against the 49 ERs. That's culture. Yeah. You play to win the game. Yeah. And the, and the Eagles are just like, no, we're not gonna play Saquon. Yeah. You play to win the, you guys Don't care about winning Super Bowl. Herm Edwards Culture, max culture, Super Bowl, Culture, culture, super Bowl. It's not about, it's not about, yes, it's Saquon. It's not about Sequ, it's about the culture, the the offensive line to Yeah. Have been able to tell their kids and their grandkids, Hey, I blocked for that guy.


That set the all time record And you still can say it And Siri's Away, I mean, mean Steve down, you know, this is coward shit. Shit, this is chicken shit you guys, you know, it's chicken shit. Max would rather see record. The way you looked at each other was like, you planned this conversation. We, we Did not plan. We Didn't plan it. It was like, it was like, I we're gonna find a way to fuck with Max. We Didn't plan it. It's called being in Lux. You can't, it, it's football guys with your teammate football guys and making sure you're in the best situation to win a fucking Super Bowl. Nah, Big Cat say, You guys know anything about that? I'm laying Johnson right now. Okay. And, And we, we looked at each other And we said we wanna play. Yeah. Gimme the Rock. We Both wanna play. Gimme the fucking rock. You're Not playing Either. And then Sirianni up in the boot. What?


The linemen aren't playing either. I know. I would say Gimme the Rock. I want to get this record. We haven't had a week. We haven't had a bye since week five. Aw, Football too hard for you Max. See, it's too hard for you. I would fucking, I would be like, give the fucking rock. Nick, You would love to be in a situation where you can rest your starters going into playoffs. You do realize no matter which way they decided, we would've just spun it to get you at This point. Yep. Yep. If he had started, we would've been like, that's the dumbest decision You could ever make. He's risking injury. They care about records over, over a Super Bowl. It's True. Yep. That's, I feel like we've had this exact conversation the other Way. He is. Keep falling for it. No, I actually do feel bad for Saquon. He said afterwards he was like, yeah, it was hard like telling my dad because he was like, my dad was like, this is our name with a hollowed record.


But it's the right decision. It is. I would, I would feel worse if he didn't get into the 2000. Yeah. Like the 2000 Yard club, no matter what is still like an elite group of running backs in history that have got there. It's, it's hard to do. He still got, he still got that mark And he did it in, in the correct amount of games too. Yeah. Correct. Yeah. So I'm not, I like he he still has that from this season. No one can take that away from You. No. He had an all time season, But we gotta win a super super. But we're trying to win a Super Bowl. We're trying to win a Super Bowl and WI cannot, could you imagine if any, if him or any of the o heman out hurt would Be you would be.


Because that's the thing. Yeah. You're risking six guys. Yeah. But Max, what do you think about rest versus Rust? I know that's been a topic of discussion recently. Right now we need rest. Yeah, but you saw what happened in college football playoff Buys. Okay. You need, you haven't had a buy in 15 weeks. That's not right math, but well, well, you Already have, basically you already have the buy what? This is just more rest. Well, if you play the commanders, you have a buy. That's true. That's not true. That is incorrect. That is incorrect. Okay. Tana McKee, this game's about Tanner McKee. Tanner McKee. Are you a little worried? No, I, The Jalen Hurts is still in concussion Protocol. Oh, that Yes.


That yes. Yeah. I'd say yes, But like, That's not something you can just cheat your way out of. But You can just like stay in concussion protocol. No. What do you mean? You can, you yout Tell me how concussion protocol Works. I'll tell you how concussion protocol works. Jalen Hertz can't do any like physical activity when he's in concussion protocol. He doesn't wanna be in concussion protocol anymore. He will be out by the beginning of next week. I think Max is right. I think he will be too. I do too, but I'm just saying it's not like concussion. Quan brisker winning a concussion protocol. I haven't seen him since. Thumbs Up. Thumbs up. Did Jaquan Brisker give a thumbs up after the hit? No. And he's gonna concuss a lot. But I'm just saying concussion protocol is the one injury where you can't be like, I'm good to go.


And and they give you the test and you fail it and they're like, no, you can't play. I Would be more comfortable if he wasn't in concussion protocol. That's true. However, I'm not, my panic meter of that is like a three. Okay. Yeah. Well that's fair. One good thing about him is if there's a guy that has a history of being a starting quarterback that's no longer the starting quarterback, supporting the new guy, it's probably Jalen Hurtz. And if there's a history of a team being able to have a backup quarterback, go win the Super Bowl. It's the Philadelphia Eagles. That's true. It's true. But I think he'll be okay. Oh My God. Think he'll imagine if they make a statue. Fortner McKee. Tanner McKee.


Tanner McKee. We're just skipping over. Kenny is Kenny, is he out this weekend? Yeah. Kenny's not playing. So heard his ribs. So Who's your backup Ian book? Oh yeah, that's right. That's nice, right? That's Yep. Ian book. Yep. Yeah, he hasn't progressed enough to be at practice. I mean, he would definitely want to be at practice. Like he can't be in practice, so, But next week he wants to be at practice. Okay, listen, I hope that's true. I wanna see Jill and Hert play in the playoffs if he doesn't I don't, Doesn't Same. I just know that like the concussion protocol is the one thing you can't be like, it's not like a bum ankle where you're like, I don't care. I'm going Monday.


Monday. If he's not practicing on Monday, then I'm nervous. Yeah. But like this week, because I don't get, I don't get how you get out of concussion protocol. You Have to pass a test. But Like, what does that mean? Could he just be like, oh yeah, I'm not gonna pass the test today. You could, yeah. I think you could flunk the test potentially. Yeah. Just be like, I'm not, and then I guess you could and then be like, But that would make no sense. 'cause you, why you he still would want to go to practice. Why? Just like, take the week off he had just Walk through with the team and like be able to like get your lifts in and shit. He can't get His lifts, but like, He probably doesn't lift a lot right now. No. Him and Saquon, they don't really squat much. Yeah. I you The thumbs up though. What if he just gives a thumbs up again?


Two thumbs Up, two thumbs up back, two Thumbs up, then you're out. And I, Monday I'm giving because this week is like, it's not a real week of practice. Like they're not, they're, they're preparing for next week. Has anybody asked AJ Brown what he thinks about him still being in concussion protocol? No. We should, I would like to see that question asked. Yeah. AJ Brown also not Pro Bowl. So he is probably mad about that. Jordan iot of not being Pro Bowl is bullshit number one ranked number one ranked player and all of offense in the NFL this year, The number one offensive player in the NFL According to PFF. Okay. Number one ranked offensive player Ahead of Saquon. Ahead Of Saquon. So Saquon system running back. I hope we're not good. Good Tackle.


I hope we're not having this discussion about the concussion protocol next week. I I agree. I don't think that Philly fans will understand. No, he doesn't. Yeah, max literally doesn't understand. He's like, what do you mean he's, I just Knowing Philadelphia as a city, your starting quarterback has not been cleared to return to practice the week of a playoff game. That is not gonna go well for, This isn't the week of a playoff game. I I'm saying next week. Oh yes. Next week. Ba that would be a big, big, big, Big problem. Big issue. Big issue by the way, I was thinking about it because Saquon Barkley obviously went over 2000 yards. Adrian Peterson almost broke Eric Dickers Dickerson's record in 2012. That is another one where, similar to Dan Reno, he deserves more credit because he had one of the worst quarterbacks of all time in Christian Ponder.


And his number one weapon was Percy Harvard. Terrible quarterback. They just, they could load the box and Adrian Peterson just ran right through him. Yep. So, and he should have gotten that record too. Yeah, He did. He should have. He was so close. So, so close. What Hank what happened? Jerry? Oh, you're watching Jerry. Sorry. Is that the one? No. Oh, is it coming up? No. Oh, it's behind. It's close. No, I thought it was close. Got it, got it. Okay. Texans, titans, Titans minus one and a half over hundred 37. I the Titans are wearing the Oilers Throwbacks. That's it. I hate, that's so sad. So sad. It's so sad. Need the Texans just stomp 'em for that, but I don't know.


I don't know. I feel like this might be, oh, Jerry? No. Oh, that was the one. We got the two headed monster of Will Levis and Mason Rudolph. You don't know how to game plan for that? No, you absolutely don't. And, and I believe the Texans are not gonna play a lot of guys. Right. I I think Dko said that they're gonna play the starters just because they look so bad in their last game. Got it. So it's like if the, I think it goes based off how the first drive looks. Got it. If they have a good first drive on offense, then they'll probably take the starters out. Good. First stop on defense. Okay. Get off the field. We also have incentives. Tony Pollard, 83 yards gets 250,000. Okay. Like that's possible.


But that we should just do an incentives parlay for the touchdowns especially. Yeah. I've got, I've got one that I'm looking at later. One guy, this is a huge weekend for one guy in particular. Okay. Alright. Let's in this game. Yeah. Do we have a No, let's Not talk, no real analysis on this game. Yeah. I, I hope that the Titans lose so that they can be two and what is it? Two and 1515 against? Spread against. Spread against the spread. Yeah. Yeah. Panthers and Falcons. This game also, I mean the Falcons obviously if they win and the Bucks lose, they're in. I don't think the bucks are gonna lose. So the Falcons are just, they're hoping and praying. They're just thinking about last week. They're thinking about, think about Timeouts week.


Yep. So the good news is if you're the Falcons, Raheem Morris still has a timeout left over. Yep. So he gets four to start the Game. That's a good advantage. Yeah. Just it's, you're just gonna spend this entire game being like, fuck, we should have won that game. Yeah. Yeah. And you could have been in the playoffs, you could have won this won last week. Won this week. Been in the playoffs with Michael Pennix would've been awesome for them. But instead, no, I don't hate the Panthers in this game. Was it eight points? Their Defense is so banged up. Yeah. Defense is bad. Yeah. Eight points. It's a lot. Yeah. Miles Sanders legacy game. Oh, Okay. This is for his legacy in Carolina. I Like that. Yeah, I like that. Here's another depressing game. Jaguars a cults.


Cults minus five over under 44. The an Anthony Richardson Fallout has been a little ugly. Obviously McAfee had his long tweet, which I actually thought was like well said where he was just like, you guys, I, I tried to say that the culture was not good in this locker room. I mean, everyone said that I was being a hater. It turns out the culture is not good at that locker room. And there was a report, they were, so this is I think from the athletic, they're trying to hold Richardson accountable, which is understandable. But then the guy they put in wasn't the guy either talking about Flacco. So when they went back to AR at that point, it's like, okay, but what are we doing that really affected the team? And then multiple players met with Richardson privately to tell him he wasn't meeting the standard.


And it sounds like everyone's been trying to, he's been late to, to meetings and stuff like that. It's a mess. Fire Chris Ballard and, and try to figure it out from there. Yeah. So we're not gonna preview Jags games though 'cause we said we wouldn't. No, it was the Colts. The Colts. That was a Colt's preview. We do have Colt's tickets to give away to somebody. Oh God. So what for the Jaguars game, what should it be? Bortles Jerseys. If you have, if you have a Bortles. Yeah. If you're a Jaguars fan that is planning on going to this game. How about That? Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Because the Colts fans, you, you shouldn't want to go to this game. This it, it's suppressive. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.


Saints at Bucks. So hit up. Pardon my meme. Yeah. At, pardon my meme. If you're a Jags fan in Indy this weekend and you want two tickets. Yeah. Alright. Saints at bucks. Bucks minus 14 over under 43 and a half. We do have some incentives in this game. So this game, I think the Bucks are gonna win. Saints are walking corpse. They just want this season to end. So Mike Evans is, gets $3 million if he catches five passes in 85 more yards. That's a lot of money. Yeah. Also Baker in his contract. And remember Baker had that whole, like that terrible thing where like he got kind of robbed of a lot of his money.


So I mean he, he obviously is doing fine, but it's not like He got stolen by his, it's got Stolen financial Advisor. Yeah. Yeah. So Baker has five incentives in his contract. Each worth half a million dollars. He gets paid if he finishes the season in the top 10 in the league, or top five in the NFC in any of these categories. Pass a rating, touchdown passes, passing yards, completion percentage or yards per pass attempt through, through the, through 17 games. He's like third or fourth in all of these. Yeah. So he, that's another two and a half million dollars. Yeah. It's big that You could get it's big. And also with those 85 yards for Mike Evans, then he would get to a thousand yards. Yep. For the 11th straight season. Every Season he's been in the NFL Jerry Rice tie his record.


Pretty good record to have. Mike Evans is a certified first ballot hall of famer that deserves more respect. Is getting close to top five. Wide receiver of all time. Yeah. So here's the real question about this game. The Saints it, they should want their season to be over. Yeah. But they're planning on maybe bringing back all their starters. Yeah, I saw like Derek Carr, I saw that Might play as of right now when we're taping this, he might play Kamara might play, they're doing a simulated game, which I think is also known as practice. If you're an interim coach, you call it sounds more badass. Something that Jalen Herz can't do right now. That's very true. Chris Lavy might return, I don't know why.


That's crazy. I he's outta concussion protocol before Jalen Hurts. Yeah, apparently. So I don't know if these guys are gonna play yet because we don't have the final word on it, but it seems like they want to play their best players. Why are you pointing like that? Focus, focus on him. Crystal Love got, he's just looking at me. I'll look at, look at your cohost. Crystal Lavy got two concussions and he is out of concussion protocol maybe. Yeah. That's Crazy. It is kinda wild. But yeah, I don't know why the Saints are doing this. What's the upside? Yeah, I, it makes no sense. It makes no sense. Also the Saints, I feel like when they play at the Bucks, they typically play pretty hard. Yeah. Pretty well. Yeah.


They don't like each other. No, that's For sure. What, what were you say? Memes? MVS also needs one touchdown for two 50 K. Okay. So that might happen. By the way, the looking at you reminded me, I forgot to tell this story that I, I read an article today. Chris Boswell made the, the Pro Bowl and he was talking about his career and he said that when he was first on the Steelers, that James Harrison would in practice stand over the kicks and say, if you miss this kick, you fucking kicker. You gotta wash my back in the shower. And then he would, he said that they would sit in team meetings and James Harrison would just like be sitting like a couple rows over and just be staring at Chris Boswell the entire time.


See This is, that's what kickers need. You don't need this lovey-dovey shit from Stark. You better. You're gonna have to wash my back in the shower. And that's a big back too. Yeah. It's a huge back Take a long time. Oh. Like paint in a bar. I just love the idea of James Aon just not listening to anything Mike Tomlin's saying and just staring at Chris Boswell instead. You little bitch. Yeah. Better make this fucking kick. All right. So Max Earmuffs. So if I'm being real, I would like for the, for the Bucks to win and for the Packers to lose this weekend because I feel like the Bucks is probably my best road. Yeah. The Bucks. Fun fact about the Bucks. I don't think they, I think they've beaten only one team over 500.


And that would be us. No, at the time I'm saying Oh, At the time. Well we were think It might've been the, we were at 500. It was like Week two. We were Oh and oh they beat the Detroit Lions, right? Yeah. Let see this. When is it, maybe it's in their last, They also be the Eagles. Was that, when were you, when was that? So that's Stat's just wrong. I'm just wrong about That stat. Maybe the Lion and I'm just wrong. That Stat Eagle just couldn't be more wrong about that stat. I'm looking, I'm looking up their schedule to maybe save myself a little. But I, I early reports are that that was very wrong. I don't know. This is the time of year where it's like I just see a tweet and I'm just like, oh shit.


That's interesting. Yeah. You could lie about anything. They beat you week one. Yep. So it doesn't Count. Zero and zero 500 over 500. Yep. Is the, is the thing they did beat the Lions. They be were the Eagles. What were your record At that time? We were two and one. Okay. Here's what it is. And I probably just read it too fast. I believe since September they have not beaten team over 500. Okay. Because the wins have been the, the, the Saints, the Giants, the Panthers, the Raiders. The Chargers would be the one team. That's where it is. Since September they've beaten one team over 500 and the Panthers again. Okay.


Y'all take that. I mean they Had a, they had a tough early schedule. I think they're a good team. So I'm not September, September is basically the, the post preseason. Yeah. Not even real regular season. Yeah. If you were Team X though, hypothetical Team X in the NFC and you had to pick who you wanted to play in the playoffs, would you rather play at the Rams, the Bucks or the Eagles? Tmx. I would rather play Rams won Bucks two Eagles three. You'd rather play the Rams. I Would, I think it'd be Bucks. Rams, Eagles. I, I agree For tmx. I'm not a Believer in the Rams Championship experience though. I am, I'm a believer in Sean McVay's coaching ability.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I guess that probably makes sense. The Bucks probably. I mean they've only beaten one team over 500 this entire year. Entire Year. Yeah. So, yeah, that makes sense. Okay. Yeah. I, I'll go with that. Bucks Rams, Eagles And now, so you need the bucks to what? Lose? No, No. Bucks. Bucks. Win Win. I got the playoff simulator pulled up right here. We need the bucks to win and then we need to, we need to win. Okay. Got it. And then it'll be you versus Steven Shea, which Me versus Steven Electric, which I, I've lost to him before. Yeah. It's not a pleasant experience. Oh. And then I think we'd also need the Seahawks to beat the Rams.


Got it. For that to happen. Got it. Which should happen. 'cause the Rams are sitting, Everyone could happen. Okay. Afternoon Chiefs of Broncos. This is the big one. It is everything. It all hinges. This is the Hinge game. Carson went, controls the fate of Sunday. I I can think of no worst fate if you had to pick one guy in the NFL for everybody else's enjoyment to be pinned on. Yep. He's the last. Yep. He's dead Last. Dead Last. D-T-R-D-T-R. We've got, yeah, we got Bo Nicks who beat out Patrick Mahomes in the Pro Bowl this year. And the Broncos obviously have everything to play for the Chiefs. The only thing they have to play for is to just be like, yeah, we're the fucking chiefs.


Yeah. I I kind of like the Chiefs in this game. There's so much pressure on the Broncos. I mean, and maybe not to win it outright, but 10 and a half. Like, there's just so much pressure on the Broncos And, And, and you have Carson went who had the reports like, Hey look, I, this, these are, these are moments that I have to like cherish and take advantage of. 'cause I don't know how many I'm gonna have. Like, he's gonna try to play his best, which that could be a problem. You Know what? I'll say this. It's way more entertaining that we get Carson wince in a try your very best game than it would be if we had Bailey Zappy. Right? Absolutely. Absolutely. Because you're either gonna get something spectacular from Carson Wince or are you gonna get like the most awkward looking like a deer on a, a frozen over pond.


Yeah. From Carson Wince. From Carson Wince. Yeah. Yeah. There's just so much pressure on the Broncos. Like you just can't fuck up. You're, you're, you're playing the backups you can't fuck up and they might fuck up. But if the Chiefs win, then everything else gets way more exciting. That's absolutely true. That's absolutely true. It's it. Alright, let's do the game the next game. Dolphins, jets. Listen, I know Dolphins fans are upset 'cause they, I I I saw it. They, they're a little upset that we discounted dolphins. Here's my thing on the Dolphins. And I said a lot of nice things about Dan Marino. Remember those things I said about Dan Marino And Brian Flores and Brian Flores said a lot of, well no, I actually Nice said nice things About Tua.


No, I said nice things for Dolphins. Fans will back up everything I said about Brian Flores. True. If the Dolphins could get in the Playoffs and I could guarantee that Tua was healthy and they could play in a dome, I'd be interested in watching a Dolphins playoff game. If the Dolphins get in the playoffs and it's not Tua and it's going to Buffalo seeing it, we're Actually helping out Dolphins fans here. The the meanest thing you could hope for is to get to the playoffs, make the trip to Buffalo super cold. Bills win by 35 points. Yeah. And I guess you don't want that. I know that with Skyler Thompson you only lost by three in that same setting. But I just, I can't do the Dolphins in a cold weather playoff game again.


I just, I want really good playoff games. What happened last year in Kansas City was just a total quit. Where it's like, that was a waste of our Saturday night. Remember we started watching the Telemundo? Yeah. What, what are what are they? Ela? Penal ela. Yeah. Ela. The flags. I just, I I'm sorry. Dolphins fans, if you gave me a choice, Broncos Dolphins or Bengals in the playoffs. It's Broncos in Bengals. Way ahead of the Dolphins. It does. It's something new. Well it's not new for the Bengals. Something new for the Broncos and it's an insane explosive offense for the Bengals. Yeah. But I can understand if you're, if you're a Dolphins fan, you would rather get into the playoffs.


Of course. Of course. Especially after a season that looked as lost as this season did many times over where it felt like the sky was falling. Oh. All the time. For the Dolphins. If you can turn a Skyes fallen season into a playoff birth, that's a pretty cool thing. Alright. But we're just thinking we're trying to protect Dolphins fans. Yeah. You don't, you know what would happen if you went up and you saw, you saw Daddy and Josh Allen hung four touchdowns on you and the game was over in the second quarter. Yeah. I I am, I'm going, I'm rooting against the Dolphins to make the playoffs. If the Dolphins somehow make the playoffs, I'll be the first on Sunday night when we're taping the show to say that was an insane season by the Dolphins. To put it all back together for Mike Rec to keep the team going and find a way to get into a playoffs where you thought it was completely lost after two had got concussed all, all credit to the dolphins.


Like they would be deserving and it would be, it, it would be nuts because they were dead. They were dead in the water. It, you know, six weeks into the season. But I'm not gonna root for you on Sunday. It would also answer the, the question that we had about Mike McDaniel when he first got the job. Like how can he do in a season where everything goes to? Shit? He's done pretty well. He's done. Okay. Yeah. No, no. The Dolphins have done pretty well in this season and so they're going up against the Jets memes. Congratulations on interviewing Louis Riddick and Ron Rivera for GM and Coach. I Love these posts by the way that the official team accounts put out. Like after they've concluded it. They're usually sponsored posts too. Yeah. It's like we've just interviewed Ron Rivera sponsored by Bose.


I thought of a positive for Ron Rivera. Okay, Great guy. We know him. I have his phone number. He's an owner killer. Oh that is True. Yes. So his final two years at the Panthers. Oh I want Ron Rivera. Yeah. He sold the team And then the final is last two seasons of the commanders. How many he was there for three. Yeah. Yeah that's True. And then they, Damn that's a good spin zone. That'd be a positive. He's such a, he's such a good person that he ends up making the bad owners be like, Hey we gotta, we gotta get outta here. We've seen how good a person should be. Yeah. And we're just not that. Yeah. He is a nice guy. Good podcast. Guess Nice guy. Very good. PO Podcast Guest Guest. Very nice guy.


Memes which A or B sad stat for the jets B. B would be the Jets have gone nine straight years without an offensive player in the Pro Bowl. 2015 Brandon Marshall. That there's no way that's true. 2015. There's no way That's true. We had a wide receiver but it was technically special teams. Mm. I don't think that counts. Is that true Roberts? That's a long time. Okay. You want a Sure. Greg Joseph is now the kicker for the Jets. The Jets have more kickers this year than wins. Alright. Positive. It's their fifth kicker.


There's also a stat that, That's tough. The Jet signed five players from the commanders which would line up for Ron ever again. The job, Who'd they sign? I'll have to pull up the tweet. But it was Greg Joseph. They signed a D lineman. A cornerback. So Ron was getting his players in there ahead of time. Yeah. To learn the playbook from a different coach And then they're getting 'em in. Yeah. Just to learn the culture in the environment. Is this Aaron Rogers' last game for the New York Jets memes? I believe so. And then in the final act I think they're gonna get him killed 'cause we, Oh my god, Our right guard. It was DNP and Morgan Moses who the right tackle was also a D, not DNP today.


So if we don't have either of them will lose out. Aaron Rogers is, might get sacked a thousand times. Okay. Yeah. I mean it doesn't feel like Aaron Rogers, he says he's no darkness retreat this year. So that's good. He's gonna lock in. Yeah. It's been the best two years of his Life. Yeah, it's gonna be fine. I guess it's been a cool year. You got paid a lot of money for not working. Yeah. So you're sucked. Yeah, but not no. Last year I'm saying yeah, he was injured. But I mean if you get paid how what? 20 million, 30 million to not work. That's a pretty good year. Yeah, that's a really good year by the way.


We'll have more with the Aaron Rogers stuff with Florio. Who actually has some good insight. Don't give it all away Max. This time you, you're about to. No, just the, that one part. Okay. Chargers at Raiders. Raiders plus four and a half Chargers. If the Steelers lose, the Chargers are gonna wanna win this game because they would play the Texans. They'd get up to the five seed. I feel like there's a correlated parlay in there. Maybe take Bengals and Chargers because if the first leg hits the, that line will probably go a little higher 'cause the Chargers will be, have more incentive to play The Steelers win.


The Chargers will have nothing to play for. Correct. If the Steelers win, let me pull up the playoff machine again here. I believe they have nothing to play for. 'cause they beat the Broncos twice this year. The The Good Vibes Fun Parlay, which is Jet's Chiefs Bengals money line is 17 to one. Whoa. 17 and A half to one. Wait say it again? Jet's, chiefs Bengals. Not the Hungry dog. That's Not the hungry dog. I was just, but for Oh, because the Bengals are favorites. Yeah. Will there be a hungry dog? Steelers win and the Chargers would be, they get to succeed. Yeah. No matter what. Yeah. So just watch that. That will be important. Yeah. I don't think that Harbaugh is capable of playing any activity where he's not trying to win.


Whether that's not the, the object of it. So I feel like they're gonna go out there and, and compete. I they're gonna try to win the game. I Wouldn't be shocked if like the Steelers win this, the game on Saturday night and then like the Chargers medical staff is like, tells all the guys like just say you're injured to start the game. 'cause otherwise there's no way Harbaugh was gonna make you Go. I mean Har Harbo literally did say we're attacking it with an enthusiasm unknown to mankind. Yeah. Yeah. But hasn't he said that before about things? Everything. It's just like every time he says that it's unknown to mankind because this week it's even more enthusiasm. Correct. He just keeps bumping up the enthusiasm also Incentive watch JK Dobbins 58 rushing yards for 150 K.


That's gotta be so awesome to go into a game being like, if I do this, like if I catch one touchdown pass, I get a half a million dollars. Yeah, that's awesome. And I feel like all, all their teammates are rooting for them to make money. Yeah. It's not their money. You want your boys to get paid. Yeah, absolutely. Alright. Seahawks at Rams. Rams minus six and a half over 38 and a half. Gino, This is my incentive. Yeah. 185 yards passing gets $2 million. So not only that. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's scratching the surface. Big Cat buckle up. Smith gets 2 million bucks if the Seahawks finish with a 10th win. Okay. He gets 2 million. If he gets 4,282 yards, that's the one where he's, he's 180 5 away and he also gets 2 million bucks if he finishes with a completion percentage better than 69.75.


Right now he's at 70 point 23. Whoa. So Gino Smith could make $6 million on Sunday. Wait, so this is not only Gino Smith, but this is also dump offs. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Charnay catches. Charnay catches walker. See, see Plans? I think he's out still. Yeah. But yeah. Okay. We gotta go, we gotta go crazy on Gino. Gino Gino's gonna, we listen Gino, wait, what Was the second one you said? The the 10 wins. The yards 10 wins and then completion. He needs, he needs 185 yards. Yep. And then he needs to win and then he has to finish with a completion percentage better than 69.75. Right now he's just above 70.


Wow. So if he finishes this game at 69, that might be enough to bring it down. Yeah, I don't know. I'm not a, I'm not a math guy. What are you doing Max? Sorry that, that caught my eye. He needs to be safe. He's gotta get I, I don't know, 69.75% is what the number is. If he would it drop him down beneath that, if he finished this game at six nine, It would for the record also, I saw something that popped up on my Twitter that said Bears eyeing head profile airs eye high. Oh my god. Bears Eye High profile coaches for head coaching role and it was about Mike McCarthy And then the first tweet and it, it was just mine saying Stop this.


Which should have told you to stop this. So this is our Gino game. This is our Gino game. Okay. I think we gotta unload the clip on Gino Smith. Yeah, I agree. And nobody's Ever believed in Gino Smith more than Us. Yes. And Jimmy G starting for the Rams. Jimmy G, who's a winner, He is a winner. He went to a Super Bowl, He wins football games. Yep. Went to actually multiple Super Bowl. Technically. Maybe The funniest outcome would be if Jimmy G went out there and just lit it up and then to see what team would then overpay Jimmy Garoppolo to be a quarterback for the next season. I feel like if you're Jimmy Garoppolo, even if someone tries to overpay you, it's like dude being the backup in Sean, Sean Mcfe like being around Sean McVay just do that. Yeah. Just be there. And also Matthew Stafford's like the toughest guy ever. Yeah.


So, so Your job, it's a good job. Is pretty safe. Yeah, it's a good job. Okay. 49 ERs at Cardinals. Wrapping up the afternoon slate. Big question here is Josh Dobbs, can you have a revenge game if you've played for eight teams? Mm. No. Okay. I thought so. It's tough to have a revenge game in that scenario. Mm. And also every stop you made, I think it was like the team being like, we're gonna give Josh Jobs a shot. The first team that got rid of you Steelers. So as the Steelers. Yeah. I think you can have that revenge game. Yeah. Also, Kyler Murray is 50 rushing yards and one rushing TD away from 750,000. So that should be in there. Yeah. And, and really nothing.


There's no difference made in this game. If you're the 49 ERs, if you win or lose. Really? No. Josh Dobbs, You're gonna be picking right around 11. Yeah. No, my notes for this game were the incentives and then it was, we need to just keep hammering. That starts right now. Today's January 3rd, 2025. I know he is got a lot of years left, but George Kittle should be in Canton. He is the fourth tight end all time to have 4,000 yard seasons. Fourth all time. So Kelsey has seven of them. Gronk has four, wi has four. Kittle has four. Yeah. Put 'em in, put 'em in a gold jacket. George Kittle should be in a George in a gold jacket.


We'll start working on a PowerPoint. But he's an absolute monster. You know what I, and this season's been bad, but he's been great. I'll Say this if if Kittle when he gets into the hall of fame Yep. We'll make our own bust of George Kittle. Yes. To keep in the studio. Yes, absolutely. And it'll say Greg Kittle. Yeah. And we'll make it bigger than the Canton one. Yeah. And it'll look sweet. Double The Size. His hair, his flow will be better. Whatever hairstyle he wants in it, the Mohawk Will be incredible. You Name it, He's a hall of famer. Start, start referring to him as George Kidde Hall of Famer. Yeah. Do you think that the Cardinals try extra hard in this game to put up points because the last half of their season has been so disappointing.


Try maybe. Yeah. Is that Jake? Could they, is that Jake Marsh? Yeah, that is Jake Marsh's. Oh darling. Jake with Jerry. Yeah. It's Jerry. We're doing a good job of watching this Jerry Stream being distracted while we're podcasting. Also, Jake, Jake being on TV reminded me with college football. Yeah. With the playoffs on. I would like to see Jake Marsh calling college football next year. Yeah. I feel like, I feel like a lot of people would. Yeah. So if you're a big so and so out there, hire fucking Jake Morris. Oh, actually, I, I talked to Jake this morning and I, I meant to tell him, I I, when he listens to this, Jake text me your predictions for time slots for the playoff games. Yeah. On Sunday. Although we did do that like five weeks ago.


Yeah. But I wanna see his, yeah. 'cause he takes a lot of Pride here and he usually nails 'em. Yeah, yeah. Looks up that One year. That one you Like. All of them wrong. And he was devastated. Okay. Last game, the big game. Vikings at Lions. Lions minus two and a half over under 56 and a half. Maybe the best game of the NFL season is the last game. I'm so excited for this game. Did you see Vikings, oc, Wes Phillips said Sam Darn is a guy's guy type of guy. I Saw that. Yeah. Guy's guy type of guy. That's a football Guy. That is, I think that's, we've been looking for the way to describe a football guy for eight years. A guy's guy type of guy. Yeah. That's a football Guy. I don't know how the Lion's defense is going to hold up.


Although Alex Ann Aloni did return to practice. So that's good. I don't, I just don't know. I don't know how, I think the Lion's offense will continue to be elite, but that defense is just, it's tough. I don't think Dan Campbell's gonna punt. I I honestly don't, don't either. I don't think, I don't think that he is this so this game, I think Kevin O'Connell might not punt. They That would be awesome. Right before the game. Yeah. Gentleman's agreement because Like why would you wanna give it back to the lion's offense? Yeah. Neither one of us will punt. And, and you know, if you're the Vikings, why, what's the point? Like there's gotta be a better chance on fourth down that you're going to get a first down against the lions defense than stopping the lions from scoring on the way back. Yeah.


Maybe the best way is like punt Tell Jack Fox Boom one down there who's also, he made the Pro Bowl, which is crazy. Yep. That the lions punter of all people. Yeah. Made the Pro Bowl, let them return it for a touchdown so you just get the ball right back. Yeah. That's Kind of like a turnover. Yeah, Exactly. And then you just go for two. Yeah. So this game's gonna be awesome. I don't, I honestly don't know. I lean Lions just because of the home crowd and like playing with that edge, but the Vikings are just really fucking good. Yeah. So it's in this game, it's the most combined wins of any regular season game in NFL history. Yeah. But so I didn't realize this. There's only been eight teams total in NFL history to have 15 wins in a season.


So one of these teams is gonna be the ninth team and it's, the fact that it's happening obviously with 17 games is a little bit easier. But this will be the, this year we'll have two teams with 15 wins no matter what. Unless they tie I guess. Yep. But yeah, the, the 15 win list is short only eight teams. It's the 84 Niners, 85 Bears, 98 Vikings. Oh four Steelers. Oh seven Patriots, 11 packers, 15 Panthers, 24 chiefs, and then the winner of this game. So pretty cool. Also, do you know that Dan Campbell has more wins this season than Matt Patricia did in two and a half seasons?


I did know that. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty Crazy. Again, great job by the Patriots sending your coaches out like little dandelion seeds floating through the wind to just go poison other NFL franchises. We Didn't talk about it because it was Monday Night Football. We didn't have a show on Wednesday. I, I understand people being like, Dan Campbell's an idiot for playing everyone. I had no problem with it because again, Dan Campbell is as consistent as consistent gets and he said it before the game, he's like, I'm gonna get ahead of it. So when you guys rip me, this is the plan. Like I just think that the, that's just what his culture is and it's just balls the wall all the time. I think there's something to be said too for guys that are stepping into positions on defense to just get them in games more.


Yeah. And They're not gonna, they're not gonna get better unless they play And, and the lions are still on that climb up. If the lions win the Super Bowl this year, I would expect Dan Campbell to, to to maybe be a little bit different next year if they gi if given that same exact spot. Yeah. 'cause like, hey, we've been there, done that, but they're still on that hunger climb up where that game meant something to them personally because that's where they lost last year. And Yeah, I just, I, Dan Campbell does everything. He, he telegraphs what he's gonna do. He's gonna be insanely aggressive at all times. And I think everyone in that locker room buys in and that's all that matters. Whoever loses this game is going to be the best fifth seed, the best wild card team of all time. Yeah. And it's, I mean it's it's brutal.


The, the like the consequences of losing this to have to go on the road immediately. Well If imagine that you're the Bucks or the Rams. Yeah. And you're just sitting there. We won, we won our division. Oh fuck the Detroit Lions. Who would you want? Well if I'm the Bucks, I think I would rather have the Detroit Lions because we beat them in September. But then if you're the Rams, you'd rather have the Vikings 'cause you beat them also. Yeah, I guess that makes sense. I Feel like whoever, if these teams meet up again in the NFC championship, whoever loses is gonna win and vice, Vice versa. Oh I like that. I like that. So Not the end of the world if you lose this Game.


That's like my, unless It's the Eagles, like unless that team loses and you have to go play. Like if you're playing in a dome. Yeah. I think the lines could easily win in Minnesota if they have to go to Philadelphia. Yeah. Maybe a little Different story that, that's like my, I wish we could find out who the MVP is before the Ravens and Bills potentially play in the playoffs. 'cause I would take whoever lost the MVP to win that game. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Picks time. Let's do It. So Max, you get three PFT and I get two reminder. Pft and I are two points up on Max. We have 18, max has 16. If there are any ties, the Tide people go to the Bachelor party together.


Max, you wanna go first? I am. I am. Yes. Right. Well, yeah, I think you have first pick. I have first pick. What would your first pick be? Should I say or should Hank Max? No, you say Seahawk's minus six and a half. Ooh, Bad pick. Gino Smith, Jimmy G. Terrible pick Max. Jimmy G. Forgot about Jimmy. T Smith needs to win the game for $2 million. That Was the first page. That was my number one that I sent over. Okay. I'm gonna take the Vikings and the Lions over. I wrote down the wrong number here. But what is the over on that game? 56 and a half. 56 and a half. 50 has At 42 and a half.


I have it at 42 and a half. Oh. In my Book. I love it at 42. It's in my book. Yeah. Holy shit. Yeah, that's great. I just, that's the fun over. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to take, do I have to take my top two? That sucks. When we written for the editor for that game. Technically Hank, do I have to take? Yeah. Oh I do. Well, no, well not to. I'll, I'll take my second one and another one. But it's not going against anyone else. Correct. All right. I'm gonna, you know, I'll take my top two. Stick my guns top two Bengals minus two and the Panthers Falcons over 48. I got the opposite side. I got the Steelers plus two. Mm.


So then I have my next two. Right Hank? Yeah, I have the Bengals. Steelers over 48. Whoa. Ugh. Eh, And the What did, what did memes you say? He said don't do it. No, I'm not gonna do it. Do it. I, I switched. I told, I told, I told memes, I told memes I was gonna take the jets, but I'm, I'm switching it to Saints Bucks over 43 and a half the, what's it called? The incentives. Game incentives. Yeah. I like that. That was on my list. Okay. So wait, what are your three picks, max? I Don't, I have the Seahawks minus six and a half.


That over in Bengal Steelers is, is a disgusting pick. Why? Because The Steelers might not be like playing I guess. I mean, we talked, they're gonna Play. They're gonna play. And the Bengals defense Is like the worst. Yeah. There a lot of, there's a lot of points. There's a of points. And the beng are the first time they played the Bengals are playing for their lives. All right, so say it again. Take It back. Bengals. Steelers over 48. Okay. Saints bucks over 43 and a half. And Seahawk's minus six pack. So it could come down to that. 'cause my, my two games are will be done by the, by the late slate. Your two games will be PI got the late one. Oh you have the late late one. So we have Max goes and Oh Yeah, that would be great. It could Really come down to that.


Yeah. If Max goes 3.0 and PFD needs a win. I thought that, I thought I wasn't the Buck Saints. I thought I wasn't gonna get, I had that on my list. It just wasn't top two. Can't believe these Seahawks Max. Well that one is just, I saw the Gino need, if Gino wins the game, they get, he gets $2 million. Yeah. They like, they're, they have to win that game for him. Yeah. Alright, so should we do our TD parlay? Can we put the Seahawks in our TD Parlay. Why not? Yeah, Why not? Seahawks Money line. Yeah. Alright. Fine. We won't max. Okay, let's, let's get some, you know what I'll do Kyler Murray.


'cause he gets that 500,000 if he scores a rushing touchdown. Okay. I like that. Hank conviction. Jackson Smith. The jig. Ba Okay. All right. PFT do a, do a Vikings lines. You got one of that. I'm, I'm trying to think of, pretty much anybody in this game should score In theory. In theory. Everyone should score. All Right, we'll go. We'll go Jefferson. Okay. What are the odds on what we just put out there? I don't know if all those score TD scores are out Yet. Oh, okay. But those should be pretty good odds with, with Keller Murray, right? Yeah. Okay. Alright. Let's finish up before we get to Mike Florio.


By the way, DraftKings, go to DraftKings and bet all of our TD parlays and our picks. Every day is game day at DraftKings Sportsbook. And now through the end of the year, it's extra special. All customers will get a special daily promo every single day. From Profit boost, odd boost, no sweat bets and more. There's something for everyone. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app now. Use code. Take that's code. Take and take advantage of special daily promotions only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER (800) 327-5050 or visit gambling helpline ma.org in Massachusetts in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9. Please gamble responsibly in Connecticut. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org or visit md gambling help.org In Maryland 21 and over in present in most states, 18 and over in Washington, dc, Kentucky, New Hampshire or Wyoming offer void in Ontario. Void. Were prohibited. Eligibility restrictions apply terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. One plus promotion per day promotion, sport eligibility and requirements vary. Ends 12 31 24 sponsored by DraftKings.


Okay, time for fantasy fuck boys. Before we get to Mike Florio Fantasy fuck boys last year. Lastly, lastly, if you're still playing fantasy, you're a fucking loser. Ah, I got all my, I got Four leagues going week. 18. My, my stardom is six packs. Six packs. Six packs. Super Bowl, six packs on the way. We got it. Fuck yes. January time. Time to lock in. Get in the gym this year. Get that six pack going. My SNA is six packs. Six packs dry January. Love it. You're doing pretty much dry January. I'm doing Friday, January every day. Friday. January. January. I like that. So you, you can drink some, some beers on Fridays. Yeah. Okay. Love it. And my super Or if it's your birthday. Yeah, my birthday.


Which is not, but maybe If it's somebody's birthday, then you can drink. Deal. Got it. Okay. Deal. Love it. Or love it. Football is on TV too. You can drink BSF Deal. My sleepers jumpsuits. Things are so comfortable. You could sleep with 'em. I got a nice flaw one on. Yeah. Good. Good to be back in the season, boys. Yeah. Hell yes. Looking good. Boys are looking strap Us. Italians in jumpsuits are just Oh yeah. Deal's, right? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hey, it, it's Johnny Lesi. What's up Johnny? What's up? My Johnny b my start. I was gonna start jumpsuits because it is jump. Hell yeah. Right. So we're all zipped up here. Boys looking good. What is that tally? It's, It's Sergio Tini. That's nice. I like, I Like the jumpsuits. Solves a lot of problems.


My sitting, my, I'm sitting the Cleveland Browns because they're so fucking boring. I can't stand this. Can't stand though. Get 'em outta my face. Just sim the rest of the season. Just don't show up on Sundays, guys. Come on. And then, or Saturday this week was subjected to an extra day at Cleveland Browns. My sleeper is, is PornHub. PornHub is sleeping if you're in like a third of the United States, because it's now officially banned in 33% of states in the United States right now. Oh shit. You can't log on without an id. Are We gonna whack off? It's gonna be tough for, for those people to go to Sleep. Government, government putting the, the wet sticky hands into your cell phones. Get 'em there. That's bullshit. Get 'em off there. My, that's bullshit.


What's up? What's up? Fuckers. It's Freddie. Freddie, Al Alfredo. Hey Freddy. Ya. My stardom is health because I'm two days in, no candy in in January. Love That. What do we think about that? Boys? No candy or ice cream in January? No Sweets. No. No. Sweetss in January. No sugars in January. We're doing baby steps. This shit. What about your birthday? Whoa. Shit. Gotta have cake. What about donuts on Saturday? Gonna buy 'em for my kids? What About if there's football? No bites. Maybe just take out donuts. Donuts on Saturday. Count. That doesn't count. What about when you order $40 worth of candy every Sunday? Not gonna do that. What About dessert?


Not gonna do that if you have a bad day. Gambling only donuts on Saturday and cake on my birthday. That's it. What if you're on a cold streak? Not gonna happen. Already happened. What if You're really hungry Two days in? Alright. My syn is Mr. Beast. So he kind of did a thing. Did you guys see that? No. No. He proposed to his Goma, but he used the caption, so I kind of did a thing. Oh, okay. Got Some chick stuff, bro. Yeah, I did a thing. That's a, that's some chick stuff. Some personal news. Yeah. Put a ring on it. So I kind of did a thing. And then my sleeper is Gino Smith. Good sleeper. I think he's gonna have a big game. Yeah. Did you guys see this?


I listen. Cool. But doing so, so, so I kind of did a thing that's a, that's that's Chick Instagram hashtag Right? I did a thing. And then what's the emoji? Or we did a thing. Yeah. So Yeah. Yeah. Well he said I kind of did a thing making it all about himself. Yeah. Mrs. Beast, you should be respected too. You were part of the process. White boy Rick, I think had a funny tweet. He was talking about one of the funniest phenomenons on Instagram for engagements is the chicks in the comments. Best friends who want to be like I knew before everyone else and will comment. Like, finally. Or like, like I've been holding it in forever.


Like, I, like I was, I was so happy when you told me. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Just being like I knew before everyone else. Just wanna let everyone know. Wait, go back to the picture of the hand. He could have done better With the ring. With the ring sign. Yeah. I agree. You know what he should have done is he should have had his, he should have been like, Hey, my girlfriend, I'd like to propose to you. Here's an African diamond mind. I'll give you 24 days to find the biggest diamond you Can get. Yeah. Or if he goes, he just puts her on a live stream. The, the more hours you can last without saying a word. Yeah. The diamond gets bigger. Yeah. That would've been great if he beasts applied it. Yeah. Oh, so he kind of did a thing. I Why are they all just wearing his Merch Also?


This is the most stage picture ever. That wasn't a, that wasn't a Candid. You don't think that was at the moment. Congrats to him though. Looks very happy. I did see somebody when Jeremy Reeves got engaged after Sunday night football last, last week. Yeah. I saw somebody that was saying like, I would never in a million years get down on my knee to propose to a woman. Yeah. I saw that. That's a Bad way to start off a relationship. Yeah. Like putting yourself beneath the woman. That's honestly Fellas, is it gay to propose to a woman? Sounds like It. I think it might be. It's what a take. What a take. Okay. Let's get to Mike Florio.


Before we get to Mike Florio. He's brought to you by Neutrophil. It's easy for guys like us to overlook our own wellbeing. We're busy. Many of us don't realize that the stress from the inside can affect us on the outside. If you've been noticing a little less hair when you look in the mirror lately, now is the perfect time to start taking neutrophil so you can improve your hair growth from the inside out. Neutrophil is the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand trusted by over 1 million people in just three to six months. You can go from a hat guy to a hair guy, get thicker, stronger, faster growing hair with less shedding neutrophils. Hair growth supplements are physician formulated using a hundred, a hundred percent drug-free ingredients. Their patented technology provides consistent, reliable results. Men also reported no compromise in sexual performance. Start your hair growth journey with Nutriful for a limited time. Nutriful is offering our listeners $10 off your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to nutriful.com/men. And enter the promo code. Pardon? That's nutriful.com/men And use the promo code. Pardon? Find out why over 4,500 healthcare professionals and stylists recommend Neutrophil for healthier hair neutrophil.com/men n utra FO l.com/men promo code. Pardon? nutriful.com/men promo code. Pardon?


Mike Florio is also brought to you by Experian. For the AWS who really know us, you know how responsible we are with our money. The secret reason we have so much to gamble is because Experian helps us save money across our other purchases. League rights are getting outta hand. We have to subscribe to way too many streaming services so we can watch every key game and keep our listeners informed with our hard hitting analysis. And that's where Experian comes in. They'll find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions for you so you don't have to worry about paying for services you forgot about. They'll also save you time and money by negotiating bills like cable and internet. That's right. They stay on hold for as long as it takes to make sure that you're getting the best price so you can save money and focus on what really matters. You can also have Experian negotiate your bills cable, internet cell phone. And you keep all the savings all around. Experian does the work so you can save money. It's a one-stop shop for your financial health. Get started in their app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed and some may not see any savings. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation and eligible paid membership is required. Get started in the Experian app. See how much you could save today.


And now here's Mike Florio. Okay, we now welcome on one of our best friends in the whole world. It is the CEO of Pro Football Talk. Also author all his books. Amazon 99 cents for the entire year. It's Mike Florio. Mike, we wanted to have you on because it feels like there's a lot, it's like almost a, a precursor to what will be black Monday soon in a matter of days. There's a lot going on in the league. I don't know where we, you know what? Let's start, I I got, I got one real quick for him. Okay. 'cause Mike is a big J journalist. We know that we respect him despite the fact that memes tries to slander him all the time. We always have your back mic.


But how can you claim to be neutral if you show up on a national sports podcast wearing a Minnesota Viking shirt? Mm. Why do first question, why do you hate the Detroit Lions? Mm. Yeah, that's a good question. That's well done. I, I wear what they send me. If the lions wanna send me something, I'll wear it. I've gotten stuff from the Buccaneers. I've gotten stuff from the Eagles now this week. I don't know if I had something with the lines, I'm not sure that I would wear it. You know, I, I used to wrestle with this idea that we have to appear neutral at all times. But over time I've realized that from Greenie to you to ber it doesn't bur I don't know who Berman Berman loves the bills. Like What an honor to be included in in that Group. Yeah. Yeah.


But people, people don't shy away from whatever it is that drew them to the NFL in the first place. We're not Rob Lowe. We didn't start following the NFL because we're fans of the NFL. We all had a team and mine is very deep seated. 50 plus years. I saw those purple helmets. I didn't know what the thing on the side was, but I loved it. I loved Chuck Foreman. I love Fran Tarkenton. So the, the rare good years take me back to when I was like nine or 10 years old. Well they have, they, they are having an incredible year. Obviously that game on Sunday night against the Lions to decide the one seed. But the question I have for you, and I think you probably have more intel than we do, what are the Vikings gonna do with Sam?


Darn The Vikings would tell you they'll make their decision when they have to. And that sounds like a smart ass remark. But they don't have to do anything for now. And they always have the franchise tag available. If they would try to work out some sort of deal with 'em. Now at one point I thought they would let him go see what else is out there because there aren't a lot of teams that will be definitely looking for a new starter and would pay someone starter money on the open market. Also, I think there's a general sense that Sam Donald's performance, at least as of a few weeks ago, might have been artificially boosted by Kevin O'Connell and that you can't replicate that with another team.


But something happened, I'd say in the second half of the game against the Cardinals where Donald accessed a higher level of performance. And when you hear what Kevin O'Connell says when you see that video where they went nuts and dumped water all over him after the wind against the Packers, they can't let him outta the building. Jason Garrett turned to me at one point, I think even before that game and said that you can't let this guy leave. Everybody's looking for a franchise quarterback. When you have a guy who's playing like a franchise quarterback, you can't let him leave. They can figure out whatever they're gonna do with JJ McCarthy if they have to franchise tag him. So be it. If they can work out a contract, so be it. But you can't let him go when he's, when he's gotten as good as he's gotten in his first year in the system.


'cause he'll be even better next year. Yeah. Do you think there's a chance that they would potentially trade JJ McCarthy? Especially because disc quarterback class feels like one of those quarterback classes where obviously teams are gonna talk themselves into a few guys, but it's not maybe like last year where there was five or six guys that went in the top 15. So is there a chance they trade JJ McCarthy? I think all options will be on the table if and when they decide. Sam Darn is the guy, he's only 27. I know it feels like he's been around forever and he turns 28 next June. So this is a guy you could have for 5, 7, 10 years and you drafted JJ McCarthy 'cause you're looking for a franchise quarterback and then one kind of stumbled into your lap.


So if there's a team out there that's willing to make the Vikings an offer that they won't refuse, then then you, you do it. If it gives you opportunities to get young players, cheap players, high draft picks. If you can do that, then it's easy to justify and look at what the 49 ERs did. They gladly threw Trey Lance overboard because they stumbled into Brock Purdy and you know the, there's no one to blame. Shit happens. Yeah. We, we stumbled into Brock Purdy and he's so good that we can't let him go. We can't bench him, we can't go with Trey Lance. So they give Trey Lance away for nothing in comparison to what they gave up to get him. And I think the Vikings get a hell of a lot more for JJ McCarthy than the 49 ERs got for Trey Lance, if that's what they decide to do.


Or they could just play it out a couple years. Yeah, you could let Donald be the starter for two more years. Let McCarthy learn for a total of three years and then flip the McCarthy at the appropriate time. What would that be? 2027 McCarthy becomes the starter. That's another option that I think is on the table. Yeah, I I don't know why they would get rid of him right now unless the team came in and offered a, a high first round pick form outside of that. I, I don't get why the Vikings would move on. And There, there's an argument out there that the Vikings should tag and trade Sam Darnold and just go with McCarthy. But the big unknown with McCarthy is we don't, we don't know if he can play. Yeah, he, he's like any other unscratched lottery ticket at this point. We know Donald can play. We don't know that McCarthy can. So it becomes dangerous to move on from Donald and hand the ball to McCarthy.


Although I think O'Connell would do a pretty good job of getting the most outta McCarthy if he had to. Yeah, I agree with that. So you, you mentioned Trey Lance, is there any chance that Trey Lance gets meaningful minutes this weekend? Isn't it weird that they, they just refuse to use him at, at one point I thought it was a, a bizarre sort of, we don't want people to realize how good he is so we can sign him back to be the backup next year. But at some point it's just ridiculous. Yeah, you just put the guy out there, his contract expires after this season, he's gonna be a free agent. And I mean, Cooper Rush hasn't been bad and Cooper Rush has a good one, loss record.


But it's just odd to me that Trey Lance hasn't been able to earn playing time. And I don't know what the Cowboy's ultimate motivation is and you know, who knows what they're gonna do. And I think Jerry Jones loves the fact that we don't know what they're gonna do and, And we talk about what they're gonna do, whether it's about Trey Lance, whether it's about Mike McCarthy, whether it's about anything. He just wants to give us things to talk about. Yeah. Yeah. So with Mike McCarthy, I mean people have been talking about like getting him fired. Mike McCarthy is his contract expires, so after the end of the season, what does that process look like? Are are they gonna start negotiating or are they gonna just be like, do you think they'll just say, Hey Mike Nature ran its course. Good luck, Godspeed. See you around. Jerry Jones has said that it's something that will be a topic next week and they love to take over the news cycle if they can.


I could see Jerry Jones dropping his decision on Mike McCarthy during a playoff game or right before a playoff game. Remember the Dak Prescott contract, the news of that hit during the pre-game shows before the first Sunday of the regular season. He knows how to commandeer the news cycle. And I think at some point next week we'll find out whether or not McCarthy's coming back. But because that contract expires Mike McCarthy if he wants to, and when you think about everything Jerry Jones has put him through forcing him to coach out his contract saying I think people work better if they're under pressure and all the other crap that he's had to deal with. Wouldn't it be great if somebody else was interested in Mike McCarthy and he just said to Jerry Jones, I don't want your job.


Yeah. Go find somebody else. And and Jerry would like at least the dance, at least the drama because he loves it When the Cowboys are able to consume our attention, even in a year when they're horrible, not horrible, but they're worse than they were expected to be. They're still commanding our attention. But McCarthy will be a free agent and could go anywhere he wants. So when Does he hit free agency? When is his contract expired? They draft the contracts so that they usually expire in February or something like that. I can't imagine he wouldn't be available to talk to other teams right away that he, that he would need some sort of dispensation from the league. I, but because it happens so rarely.


It's a great question and I'm gonna make a mental note to find out exactly when homework, he's a free agent. We assume it's after game. But that's a good question. Your instinct's a good thing, Jay? Yeah, great question. Good Question. Internet son, you're making me proud of internet son to start 2025. Like, but I just, I assume that he is free and clear, but he might not be. 'cause these contracts are written to expire at a certain date, usually after the regular season ends. And he may be, he may be strapped if the Cowboys wanna play hardball. I feel like it would be after the Super Bowl, right? Like in the event that the Cowboys had made the Super Bowl this year. You don't wanna lose your, your coach in January, But you could also do the Well you could do, But if you're done, yeah, if you're done, obviously if you're still alive y he's not gonna get hired out from under you in the Playoffs. Right. But when you're done, does it end then or is there some artificial buffer that gives the Cowboys exclusive negotiating rights while all the other jobs fill up?


It's like, Hey, sorry Mike, there's no other jobs out there for you. You gotta take our offer. Yeah. Is he just gonna have to go into the office and just kind of sit in his room and just wait, wait for Jerry to call him into his office? Yeah. Hope someone talks to him. Yeah. Mike, I hate to bring up my bears 'cause they're so goddamn bad. But this recent report is making me very nervous and I want you to tell me it's not true. I heard through the grapevine or I saw it on online and who knows that Ryan Polls is trying to softly push the bears away from potentially hiring Ben Johnson because Ben Johnson would kick out Ryan Polls. And it looks like Ryan Polls might try to hire Brian Flores, who was a teammate of Ryan Polls at, at Boston College for a year, which would be the death of Caleb Williams.


If Brian Flores, I mean, what he did to Tua, what, what's going on, what, what the fuck is going on? Why can't they just do something right and just be like, Hey, we have a clean slate. Get rid of Ryan Polls. Let a coach come in, let him bring the person that he wants to bring in, have them both lockstep for once, for once, have it be clean and everyone going in the same direction. Right after they fired Matt Iber flues, I started poking around to figure out what the bears would be doing, where they'd be looking, what their focus would be, be would become. And I, I was told in no uncertain terms, their number one objective is to get the most out of Caleb Williams over the long haul.


They view him as a franchise quarterback. They just need to get the most out of him. And the person I spoke to caused that caused me to say, so you're getting an offensive guy, you gotta get an offensive guy because otherwise you get a defensive coach who hires an offensive coordinator. Things start going well. The offensive coordinator says, see you later. I'm gonna go be a head coach somewhere else. Find another offensive coordinator to get the most outta Caleb Williams. You wanna, Sean Peyton Drew Brees situation. I was told they're not closing any doors when it comes to which side of the ball the coach comes from. But yeah, offensive coach seems to be the, the message that, that the bears are sending as it relates to this desire to get the most outta Williams. But these palace intrigue questions are real.


We've seen them before and Ryan polls it and gonna wanna hire the guy that's going to eventually push him out the door. He doesn't want a guy that he's not gonna be on the same page with who's gonna come in, have success and try to take over. And it's critical that the GM and the head coach be on the same page. They should have equal accountability. There should be no avenue for the GM to try to undermine the coach if things are going poorly, no avenue for the coach to undermine the gm. And that's unfortunate. If, if that's true, and I saw that as well. If Ryan Polls is gonna be disinclined to go after Ben Johnson because he wants to protect his own turf, that's when you have to ask the tough question, do we just hit the reset button here? But they won't And We just do a clean sweep. That's What a real organization would do.


But they won't, like it's such an awkward to have a GM who's on the hot seat interviewing for a coach. Like it makes no sense. Why can't they? I know the answer why, but like the, the, the most logical thing is if, if you have even doubts about Ryan polls, just get rid of 'em right now. Make it, it's the same as Matt ifu last year when you kept him, even though there was doubts and you could have gotten Harbaugh or someone else, like just do the right thing. Otherwise you're gonna get a coach and then fire the G in a year and then it's gonna be the whole thing again. Well, what's harder to find a good GM or a good head coach? What's more important a good GM or a good head coach? I Actually don't know.


I don't know the, I honestly, I think he's a good coach. I think a good coach goes a long way toward making up for bad personnel decisions. But look at Bill Belichick. Look at, he was such a good coach. He was able to make up for shitty personnel decisions that he made. But, but the real answer is, and I I kind of agree, I would lean towards coach, but the real answer is a coach and a GM who work well together, Right? Yes. That's the real answer. It's the two guys who are gonna be working and their vision is the same because you can't have a GM who's got a one vision for the team and a coach who's got a different like that will never work. And that's what the bears are gonna end up doing. Well and that's why I think Bill Belichick ultimately had no one interested in him because even if he comes back without final say over personnel, okay, fine, this GM who's 30 years younger than him, is gonna draft a guy that Belichick doesn't want.


So Belichick's gonna put him at the bottom of the depth chart. There's a lot of ways that the coach and the GM can butt heads if they don't have a shared vision for the players. They need the systems they run and equal accountability. So we either both fail or we both succeed. Right? So look, if, if there's any truth to an idea that Ben Johnson wants to make a power play on the way through the door, or he'll make one once he gets some wins and that creates hesitation. If there's anything other than making the bears as good as they can be, correct, that's influencing these decisions, that's a sign of a dysfunctional team because as you said years ago, and I use it all the time and I attribute it to as much as I can. Dysfunctional teams do dysfunctional things Every time, every time they get a chance.


Alright, so the current openings, we know the current openings, the Saints, the Bears, the Jets, what other openings are there gonna be come Black Monday? Who, who is, who is your hearing right now? Is is gone? You know, it, there isn't like a clear obvious list of of definite openings. We've been waiting for Jacksonville ever since thereby week. And it felt like it was a done deal going into the bye week. For whatever reason Sean Con, the owner of the team didn't fire Doug Peterson then, but it was such a bad season. Can't imagine him coming back for another year, especially after Colin in late August said, this is the best team the Jaguars have ever compiled.


How do you live with that statement and say, oh it's fine that we were four and 13 or whatever the record is. So I think Jacksonville's at the top of the list. New England is one to watch, although I think Gerard Mayo's gonna get another year. Devon MCC McCordy was on PFT live on Tuesday and he spent some time around that team this year and he got the impression that guys in the building aren't sure what's gonna happen. So if Gerard Mayo's safe, he hasn't gotten the memo yet. And I don't know what the Patriots are thinking there, but they could decide in theory, they could decide to just rip the bandaid off and move on after one year and try to hire somebody like a Brian Flores whose ship seemingly will be coming in this year. Whether it's Chicago, whether it's New England, whether it's somewhere else, the other ones that would stand out.


And I'm running through the divisions in my mind here. We look at the Giants as a place where, how can you justify doing nothing if you're John Marrow when they had one of the worst seasons in franchise history. What a way to celebrate your hundredth anniversary as an organization with your franchise record. Longest losing streak. If they lose on Sunday, it'll be the record for the most losses in a season. And those are, those are the big ones. The cults are another one that I think has come onto the radar screen recently. And I was asking someone today, who's among the pool of candidates to take these jobs? And the message I got is there's always a few surprises, right? And that's got me wondering what people on the inside who are in the process of being, you know, interviewed at some point, whether they might know about where things are gonna pop open.


But we see it every year. It's a surprise when there isn't a surprise. Yeah. Opening during that hiring cycle. Alright, So there are two other teams that you didn't mention. One is the Arizona Cardinals. Is there any chance that they move on from gain and there and then the second is the Raiders is 18 gonna One? Well, I didn't mention the Raiders and I should have because it feels like something's gonna happen in Las Vegas, but I you have to factor in the owner and Mark Davis tolerated losing football under John Gruden because John Gruden was his buddy. And if Antonio Pierce is now Mark Davis', buddy Mark Davis will tolerate losing football because there, there's multiple ways to define success as an NFL team.


One is how much money are you making? And the Raiders are making more money than they ever have before because they're in Las Vegas, they got that prime market and they're making a ton of money. Stadium's always full, even if it's not Raiders fans. So I don't know what his tolerance is for being perpetually a non contender if it's high, if it's higher than it seems, then Antonio Pierce is out after one year. But that one is weird, especially when you throw in the Tom Brady influence or lack thereof. And Wim, will Tom Brady be more involved? And Mark Davis says, we're not gonna bother him while he is still working for Fox and they've got the Super Bowl. So that one is just kind of got a weird vibe to it because you don't know what the owner really wants with the Cardinals.


You look at 105 years, they've never had a coach longer than six seasons. They've had two guys, Jim Hannifin and Ken Wizen Hunt made it six seasons. Nobody else made it that long. Gannon's got two years this year was a disappointment relative to how they started. I think he gets one more year. But that's the thing with these jobs, you always have to factor in ownership because it's one group, typically one person making the decision. And you can have, you know, 10 people make 10 different decisions and with the same set of facts. Yeah. What I love about you, Mike, is you've been all over the Tom Brady rules. So like e every time there's a a seeming conflict of interest, I feel like I hear it from you. So what's the latest on that?


What, what was he allowed to do last week that he shouldn't have been allowed to do? Well, he's one of the voters. You Thank you. No, it's It's Great. You're on top of It. You're, you're an important voice. Listen, because nobody else is Doing it. I know. We live in a time where standards don't matter anymore and just facts, do whatever you wanna do. Yes. And you know, just it, it doesn't care. Nobody cares. But when you think about this, the idea that any owner of an NFL team would have a vote on league-wide awards, it's preposterous. It would never even be a conversation. It would, it's, no one would ever even have the, the guts to suggest it. And with Tom Brady, what I can't understand is, is he like the NFL's version of Michael Scott who has no self-awareness whatsoever?


Or is he hyper aware of the fact that he can do whatever the fuck he wants and he is gonna do it? I think, I think that one, I think It's probably that. Yeah. But there's a chance he just kind of, he just kind of, you know, nobody ever tells me no, so I'm just gonna do whatever I wanna do. And I never stop to think that there might be some ramifications here that, that are a bad look for me. Yeah. Hmm. I mean, the conflict of interest thing is interesting because everybody, we all have our biases. You're you're wearing a Minnesota Viking shirt right now. Good point. But we still allow you my Take. Well there's one thing, it's one thing to be a fan of a team and set that aside when it's time to do the right thing. It's another thing to have a fiduciary duty to that team as a part owner who holds 10% of the equity. It's impossible. You know, when I practice law, there are two types of conflict of interest. Wait, you Practice law Shut up there.


I mean, I, I might just, if I just say it without the, the, the setup, people will think, what the fuck does this guy know? Shut up about the legal system. There are certain conflicts of interest that can be waived once the client understands what they are. And then there are some that just cannot be waived. And the idea that an owner would be voting on league wide awards, that seems to be a non waveable inherent conflict of interest. And I think after the season, the AP will find a way to clean it up. I think it just fell through the cracks. And it wasn't until last week that they were like, oh shit, he still has a vote. And he's officially an owner now. Yeah. I mean, I'm a part owner of the Green Bay Packers, but I'm still Right. I'm, I'm right down the middle. Yeah. When we talk our Goldfish was Yeah. Get back to me when you buy about 300,000 more shares.


Yeah. Mike, is there a team? So we, we talked about all the openings we think, and you, you alluded to it like there's always could be a surprise. Last year Pete Carroll was a little bit of a surprise. Yeah. Big surprise. Right. So is there a team that you've maybe even heard a little bit of rumblings where it's like, I, they don't know what they're gonna do. It's not a matter of rumblings, it's just a matter of feel and it's a matter of what patterns have we seen in the past? You know, and it also depends on how the playoffs go. Yeah. If, if the, and I don't wanna turn this into a bigger thing than it would be, but you know, there have been occasions in the past where maybe it's run its course between the Ravens and John Harbaugh. Mm. And there's been rumblings in the past at times that maybe it's time for a fresh start for everyone.


If they'd go one and done in the Playoffs this year, would that vibe return? I wouldn't rule it out. Yeah. Last year, Mike Tomlin, there was a lot of, what's he gonna do? And we reported at the time that, that he wasn't gonna make any decisions until their playoff run was over. And when it ended, he made a pretty quick decision to come back. If they go one and out again, does he continue to renew his vows with the Steelers? I I don't know. There, there isn't the same noise this year as there was last year, but you just never know when everything's gonna align. And it's, it's either the guy wants out or the team wants to make a change. And there's only so many years that I think a guy can make it. It's amazing how long Harbaugh and Tomlin have been where they are in today's NFL.


Yeah. And, and sometimes you can just make the argument for both sides that it, it makes sense to have a fresh start. And I'm not saying it's gonna happen, I'm just saying that's how surprises happen because things go on behind the scenes unrelated to losses, unrelated to failed performance that, that caused people to say, we just need to do something else here. Yeah. What about the Cleveland Browns? We, we both love Stefanski. We think he's a great coach. Things have been very weird in Cleveland this season. It's just been a weird year. Like, I don't, I don't know what type of decision making was going on behind the scenes. How they were determining who the starting quarterback was gonna be week to week. But is there any chance that Stefanski gets the ax?


My read on the brown situation is pretty simple. A couple of years ago, what was it, 2022, they got into the Deshaun Watson Pursuit. There were four teams and credit to the Texas, they, they, they took a situation where a guy hadn't played football in a year and they created a four team competition Yeah. For his services. And they like pre-qualified them for the loan when you're buying a house. Like you had to tell us ahead of time what you're gonna give us in trade. And we have to say it's okay. And once we know it's okay, we'll let the four of you figure it out with Deshaun Watson as to where he is gonna go. And it was the Browns, the Panthers, the Saints and the Falcons. And once it got out that the Browns were involved, that destroyed their relationship with Baker Mayfield.


And then Deshaun Watson said to the Browns before any of the teams, I'm not interested in you. So I think that's the moment that ownership said, forget it, we're gonna make this guy an offer that there's no way he's gonna say no to it. Five years, 46 million per year fully guaranteed. And they've been working to justify that horrible contract and trade three first round picks plus three other picks given up. Worst trade and sign deal in NFL history when you factor in what they gave up, what those guys could have been, and the money that's tied their hands and the salary cap issues. I just think it's been stubbornness that's kept Deshaun Watson under center. And I think Jimmy Haslam, who's, I believe at the root of it, the owner of the team, I I think he's, he's sufficiently flexible to realize it's not the fault of Andrew Berry, the GM or Kevin Stefanski the head coach.


They were just doing what Jimmy Haslam wanted them to do. That that's happened before. And it doesn't insulate people when it's time for folks to get fired. But Haslam's already indicated back in December that he's not gonna change coach or GM that's not binding. But the Browns are kind of off that radar screen because of the things Haslam had said. But dysfunctional teams do dysfunctional things, right? Yep. And maybe Jimmy Haslam wakes up one day next week and says, screw it, I'm gonna get a clean sweep here and start over. And, and I mean, Stefanski I feel like would get a job right away. I mean, he's, he's a phenomenal coach. He isn't any two time coach of the year. Like he, he took the Browns to playoffs the first time in forever. I just, he he's been, he's been put in a situation that I don't think is fair to him.


Yeah. I don't know that it would be the same as if like a Mike Tomlin got fired. I think if Mike Tomlin would ever get fired or leave Pittsburgh, they'd be lining up out the door to try to hire Mike Tomlin. But two time coach of the Year. You're right. That, that's a misleading award Coach of the year just means you're the head coach of the team that surprised us the most. Yeah. And he won Do anything good. It's a surprise. So let's make him coach of the year, but still to, to do well amid the dysfunction that is the Cleveland Browns is impressive. Yeah. Where's Mike f Vrabel gonna coach next year? 'cause it feels like he has, maybe not by his own choosing. 'cause I probably think, I think he probably wanted a job last year, but what's happened in this year off is he's basically got, every team has been linked to him in some way and it feels like he'll be at the top of the list, he and Ben Johnson to pick wherever they want to go.


That's been the vibe for about a month now that the two no-brainers who will have options to coach next year are Ben Johnson and Mike Vrabel. Beyond that, we just don't know how it's gonna shake out. And Vrabel has been linked to the Raiders because once Tom Brady is done with his season and he's whispering into Mark Davis' ear Vrabel is the guy that Brady would want. 'cause they're friends and it goes back years. There's a point Sims has made, and I think he's right. I think Vrabel would be Phil Perfect for one of the New York teams, Phil, because Rebel's got the right personality to deal with the New York fans and the New York media. It's almost like Parcells where he just doesn't fuck around.


And, and he, and he can, he can be abrasive in a charming way. That's how Parcells was. Like he, he'd say things that were hostile, but it was kind of funny. And I think Vrabel would be good if he wants to subject himself to that. I don't know. Do you wanna subject yourself to being the head coach of the Jets? Do you want to be the head coach of the Giants? I don't know, but I think a guy like Vrabel, there aren't many guys like this. He would do well in that market. And I think both of those teams need to be considering very seriously trying to make a run at Vrabel, because that may be exactly what they need to stabilize things in the eyes of the media and the eyes of the fans. Yeah. Has he lost weight this off season? So he is less intimidating.


Okay. Well who, who was it that wasn't that one of those justifications that was for firing him in Tennessee? It was some weird shit like that. Again, dysfunctional teams do dysfunctional things. Yeah. I think Brian Callahan could be done in Tennessee just because look at how erratic they've been and look at the rash decisions they've made in Nashville with head coaches. They never should have fired Mike Vrabel. But I I think Vrabel offended the, the, the owner in some way. And hey, that's, that's the reality of working for a mom and pop shop, multi-billion dollar football operation that's run like a family food truck. Yeah. Not just that one. No. I mean, the Bears are the same way where they would, I don't think they'd hire Mike Vrabel because he, he's too much of an Alpha and George McCaskey would have to like hide under his desk every time he walked down the hall.


I I think you're right about him in the New York market though, because he has a way of, he'll be like a little bit hostile, but it'll still give you good copy as a reporter. Yeah. Like the headlines will be funny and entertaining and he wouldn't be bothered. Yeah. He wouldn't be bothered by it either. Yeah. We've made him an offer. If he wants to come to Chicago, we offered, what was it? Wednesdays on part of my take Wednesdays On part of my Take, he gets to do an yeah. Exclusive interview. Hank Is his Butler. Yep. We've got, we've given him a lot of options. Yeah. So Chicago is in play for Mike Raymore right now. Hey, Hey, actually this just popped my head. I hope this is not gonna be the case, but our colleague John Gruden, is there anyone who's kicking the tires on that? I, no. Obviously if Gruden wants to take a job, I I would, I'd be very happy for him.


But I, I selfishly want him to stay at Barstool. His name has been on the fringes of the chatter for two months. Now the, here's the reality though. Set aside the emails and you know, it's been three years and we've seen people come back from, from worse than the emails. And I'm not justifying it, I'm just saying the passage of time causes things to dissipate. He still has active litigation against the NFL and Goodell. So what you have, And we talked about the Browns earlier, when they made that big contract offer to Deshaun Watson, it pissed everyone off because now we gotta have more guaranteed contracts for quarterbacks.


There's still an arbitration that's looming or pending over not giving players guaranteed contracts thanks to what the Browns did. If you hire Gruden, you're gonna have some pissed off people at 3 45 Park Avenue headlined by the guy that runs the show whose name's on every football. So you better be damn sure that this is something that's gonna work because there's gonna be blowback one way or the other. And maybe they settle the case beforehand. I don't know. But it, it's, it's a lot there. And this is the other side of it too. And I love Gruden. I love Gruden. But when you start looking at his, his history as a coach Sounds like you don't love Gruden. Okay. I I've defended him vehemently in this litigation.


It sounds Put your gun up Max. Alright, Go ahead, continue. But it sounds like you're about to say something that PFT put your gun up. Go ahead. Just, Hey, hey, just, just let me say this. Look at his regular season win percentage. Compare it to Jeff Fisher's. That's all I'm saying. The numbers also gr coach Another gun. Got another gun. Listen, listen and, and compare Mike McCarthy's win-loss percentage fat to gru. That's all I'm saying. Fat. That's the difference. Fat. All right. Okay. So you're saying actually, I mean a guy that has a pending lawsuit against the NFL would be a perfect fit for the Raiders. Yeah. Well maybe you could do a Raiders head.


Shouldn't it be something if, if Mark Davis hired him back? Yeah. Be something, lemme just say this too 'cause I don't think people understand this In this age of legalized gambling, somebody, somebody decided five games into a season in 2021 to peel off emails and to weaponize them to get John Gruden fired. Yeah. Forget about whether it was right or wrong. Somebody fucked with the integrity of a season five games into it. I mean, if you had a futures bet on the Raiders to make the playoffs, although they did win the Super Bowl, whatever the case may be, they're always so big on the integrity of the season. Somebody connected to the NFL and not many people had access to those emails specifically said, I want this guy out five games in. And that's something that I hope his lawsuit goes forward And we find out who did it.


Because I think there's a lot of accountability there that may never be properly meted out and hashed out. 'cause that's as wrong as it gets, as it relates to the overall integrity of a given football season to take out a team's head coach, five games into it. If you were a betting man, would you say that there would be good odds on somebody who's named Rhymed with Spruce Fallon? Mm. That was behind the leaking of that email. I don't know that it was him. I don't know. Because look, the a the accusation is, it was the league and that Goodell was part of it. And until we get a chance to see how the lawsuit plays out, we won't know. It shouldn't be hard to recreate who it was that took those emails and sent them to the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal with the clear goal of taking out Brewin.


It could have been Dan Snyder, it could have been Roger Goodell. I don't know that Bruce Allen even had access to those emails by then. The, the, you know, 'cause what happened was they had the investigation, what's her name? Beth Wilkinson. She did her investigation. They had the emails, somebody who had access to those 600,000 documents found those, removed those, leaked those and took out Gruden. Mike, I forgot the question I was gonna ask Mike. Fuck. Wait, hold On. I got it. I I got, I got a good one. I got a good one. Let me know because I I'm ready to fire. You're getting old. You old, you're getting 50 this year. Your brain started 40. Shut the fuck up. You're like 85 years old.


Go PFT. Mike, did you want to wish us Happy Birthday month. Happy birthday month. Thank, thank you. Happy birthday month. Happy 50th. Great question. Like, how is it that big Cat's gonna be 50, but you're only gonna be 40. Crazy. I don't understand how that Works. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's weird. Yeah. You age in dad years. So Mike, you're Short. You've got a short face. Mike, you got a short face. I, I have, I have a real question for you. You, you talked about playoff teams. Sometimes there's a disappointment in the playoffs and a team decides to move on. Last year there was a lot of buzz around the Philadelphia Eagles. Mm. If, if it's like a bad loss. Mm. I'm not saying that, I'm not saying Siri's had a bad season. He's had a very good season, in fact. Yeah. And he's a great guy and, but a bad loss. And he's a good friend to Max. Yeah, but a bad loss. But if he has a real bad loss, real bad, he's like a blowout, like the Packers roll in there and he like cries at halftime.


They forget how to hike and, and tries to fight Matt LaFleur. You know, and it's embarrassing and they lose by 30, 40 points. Yeah. You think there's any chance that Philadelphia moves on from him? They had a real bad loss last year though, and before they had the real bad loss to Tampa Bay, 32 to nine in the wild card round. They lost all those games down the stretch. But for a, what was it, the Christmas Day game against the Giants, they lost all their games after starting 10 and one and it didn't happen. Then remember that shot of Jeff Lori sitting in the suite who could forget in Tampa Bay, it was like this perfect combination of rage and amazement and confusion all in one.


And we were waiting to see whether or not they'd fire him and try to go after Bill Belichick. It didn't happen then. I think they've been good enough now that even if they get blown off the field and, and do you really think I don, I they're one of the most talented teams out there. I I can't imagine that happening. But, but there's just enough weirdness that happens with Sirianni. You know, the stuff with Zach Ertz giving the fans the business after the Browns game. What else? There was some, there was a clip after one of the games where like he was trying to talk to somebody on the sidelines and they were like openly ignoring him. Like there's just enough weird there that makes you wonder how sustainable it is. But then you look at the record, that's the thing. It's good.


You look at the record, he's damn good. It's good. Is there, is there a situation where they're good despite him and they'd be even better with somebody else? I don't think Jeffrey Lawyer wants to, you know, roll those dice. Yeah, I've remembered my question, Mike. After LeBron said that the NBA owns Christmas Day, how many games are we gonna get on Christmas Day next year from the NFL? It's just gonna be, it's gonna be a continuous loop. It's gonna be all day Christmas Eve and all day Christmas Day. Look, the numbers speak for themselves and I, I don't know what the numbers would've been if the two games on Netflix had been on broadcast tv. Would they have hit 30 million? Would they have been 35 million? We got 38.9 or 39.8 million.


Who watched Giants Cowboys a shit Thanksgiving game in that middle window? These were real games Steelers chiefs, real game Ravens, Texans. I mean, until they started playing it real game, if those would've been on regular tv, the numbers would've been even worse. And the NFL went easy on them. They didn't play on New Year's on Christmas Eve, and they didn't play a great a game on Christmas night. I think the bottom line is Christmas football's here to stay whatever day of the week. Jerry Jones made it clear last week, we're already new. They're gonna play whenever Christmas is. Wednesday's the hardest day to pull it off. The other days they're gonna do it. Here's the question I have. 'cause in the past when Christmas lands on a Sunday, they play the bulk of the games on Saturday. I wonder if the next time Christmas lands on a Sunday and it's not for like another 10 years.


Will they just say, fuck it, we're doing our regular schedule on Sunday. We're everybody's in the pool. It's Christmas, it's a Sunday. We're not gonna shy away from that. We're gonna completely and totally own it. That Would rock. That would, yeah. Maybe I I feel like they'd probably stick to the Saturday though. They Would probably split It evenly. Yeah, because you want it to be like appointment television for certain games on Christmas, otherwise, Or it's just your full blown schedule. Think about it. Your full blown schedule on a day when everybody is, is home and everybody's looking for something to do. Let's tune into Red Zone. Let's flip on this game. Let's go. I mean, the numbers could go through the roof in comparison to what they ordinarily are, but it's not like until 2033 or something like that. So, you know, some of us will be dead by then.


Do you think Cadel like sees that from LeBron and is like, oh, okay. Like get ready, get ready to learn. Like Cowboys eagles, Bill's chiefs, like we're gonna fucking drop the hammer next year. I, I think it's like the, the old line from Mad Men when John Ham says, I don't even think about you. Okay. I think that's his reaction. Yeah. Yeah. But I think he, he would say that, but I think he really does think about the NBA. He wants to just twist that knife that they put on streaming. So you couldn't even change the channel. Yeah. You couldn't even, you couldn't even flip over to the NBA games. Yeah. And, and it, it's gonna keep getting bigger and bigger. I mean, the NFL is by far the biggest attraction in the United States, and they wanna make it global. It's a hundred year thing.


We'll definitely be dead by the time it comes to full bloom. But, you know, there would've been a time when people would've laughed at the idea of football overtaking baseball in the United States. And I'm sure deep down they'd love to overtake soccer one of these days. That'll probably never happen. But I would've said the same thing in the seventies about baseball and football. Yeah. Crazy. So, all right, playoffs coming up. What teams do you think can win the Super Bowl? Mm. Well, the Eagles, the Lions, the Chiefs, the Bills, the Ravens. And the answer is every team that gets in the playoffs. No. Well, yeah. I mean, technically Fine. Chip in the chair. You've seen wild, you've seen Wild Card teams win before, Mike. Fine. I know, but it feels like, it feels like there's a cluster of teams that Yeah, no, you're right.


Keep going. Sorry, I just had to throw that in there to, but because you said I Was gonna 50, I I, you know, I've dealt with you for so far long. Yeah, I know. You were a smart ass. That does, doesn't even register anymore. There's no dominant team. The Lions had some dominant wins earlier in the year. They beat the Jaguars like 52 to six. They blew the Cowboys off the field. But since Thanksgiving when the Bears almost forced overtime, remember that game? Yeah. When the Bears like fucked up. The timeouts, The fucks. They're tough to deal with. They've been in close games pretty much every week since then. There is no team that's just gonna show up and kick your ass like the 85 Bears. There's nothing close to that. So, I mean, you're Gonna have Chief fans Mad here. You're Gonna have chief fans.


I'm trying to, 15 One. I'm trying to Help out Mike, because you're gonna get a lot of shit from Chiefs fans. But They don't, but they don't blow anybody out. The win over the Steelers was the most impressive win of the year by 19 points. But all they gotta do is win one game to get to the Super Bowl Two. Well, I mean, they're the No, no, I have no, I, I'll say right now they're in the a FC championship game. But what if the Bengals show up? I don't think they're worried about the Bengals. The Bengals are not a good football team. Joe Burrow in that offense is phenomenal and out of this world, their defense is trash. The fact that they need not, not only to win, but they need two other games to go their way. Doesn't that tell you what type of team they've had is a season?


Oh, Absolutely. But also Joe Burrow like transforms into a next level superhero in the playoffs, roll around. And he's gone toe to toe with Patrick Mahomes multiple times. He's the only active player, only active quarterback who has beaten the Chiefs in the postseason. It really is amazing though, and the Chief's history and you know, like Mahomes doesn't make the Pro Bowl, which is laughable at one level. But you look at the numbers this year, and you can see why he didn't. But his worst outcome since he became a starter in 2018 is losing in overtime of the A FC championship. That's his floor. I mean, for a lot of teams, they haven't even done that for the Vikings since 1976. Their best case scenario is losing an overtime in the NFC Championship once.


Yeah. Mahomes has done it twice. That's his worst outcome. It's uncanny. So I agree. It's gonna be very hard to go into Arrowhead Stadium and win, but they're not dominating people. Yeah, that's the point. There's no one that's just showing up and kicking your ass each and every week. But here's the thing, the teams that they would have to play would be either the Bengals, the Dolphins, or maybe the Steelers, right? Yeah. Or possibly the Chargers. And so Broncos. Broncos or Chargers, Possibly The Broncos. Yeah. I feel like you know, the again, yeah, the real matchup is them against the, the Bills or them against the Ravens. Correct. I agree with you completely. And, and they might work it in a way that they avoid both of them.


Maybe the Bills and Ravens end up playing each other in the divisional rounds, so they only have to play one of them. Mike, give me a path. 'cause I just wanna fantasize. Well, they, I, They definitely won't have to play both of them. Oh, I guess if the Steelers win, Well, while I would say definitely they could end up, they could end up drawing the Ravens in the divisional round. So you think Bailey Zappy is gonna beat Lamar Jackson? Well, no, Nevermind. Was it 17 and a half point? But you know what, wouldn't it be the Browns That would fuck up the last act of a clear tank? Yeah, it would Be. And win with Bailey Zappy. Because I do think the Browns are like very live to get the one one pick. I, I don't think it's crazy for the Browns. Sal loses the Titans to win and the Patriots to win the Browns have the one pick. But yeah, I think Is The Browns want it.


Yeah, they do. The other teams, they don't care. The Browns organizationally top to bottom, they want it. And they've done a good job of positioning themselves forward. So, you're right, you're right. They win the division. They won't meet in the divisional round. And it would be, if the Ravens win, the Bills win in the wild card round, they'll end up playing each other in, in the divisional round. And the Chiefs will get the lowest team left. You're right. Mike, can I just fantasize, just gimme, talk me through this. What is the, what is the path that the commanders could make it to the Super Bowl? Well, if you can avoid the Eagles Mm. Which, which is doable. I want Eagles. It's not crazy. It's not crazy. I mean, you, you, you can, you, you win. And you don't have to go to Philadelphia, you're gonna go to LA or Tampa, right?


Jayden Daniels. It feels like he's busted through the rookie wall. There was a period of time where he's either hurt or he is fatigued. Lately he's been phenomenal. MVP chance. He Had some intersections though on Sunday night. Don't forget about the interceptions. Well, it's all right. They're, they're, they're doing, they're doing better than anyone expected. And they fought through that lull that they slipped into, they slipped into a spot where it's like, okay, you know, the chariot's turned back into a pumpkin. It's over for the commanders. They came out the other side of it and they've been winning. And it seemed like that can be dangerous. When, when you get to the playoffs and you're on house money and you don't give a shit and you just go out and play and you have confidence that you can make it happen. And Jayden Daniels has been, you know, better than anybody expected when we were at the scouting combine And we were meeting with defensive players And we asked as many of 'em as we could remember, to ask, who's the best guy you ever faced in college?


The SEC guys all said, without hesitation, Jayden Daniels, because he is there and then he's gone. And we've seen it, we've seen it come to fruition. So with a guy like Jayden Daniels, 'cause when we see low seeds in the past, make a deep run, the common denominator for those teams is to have a great quarterback. And even though he is a rookie, he's already in that list of great quarterbacks. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. They can make some noise. Where's your pack? I think they can make some noise. Stay away from the Eagles. Stay away from the Eagles. Make some noise. If the Packers take out the Eagles in the first round, we beat the Bucks. Weird stuff starts to happen. It's not gonna happen this year, but it, I just want to, I wanna think about it. 'cause you Know, there's a way that the team that loses on Sunday night only has one road game in the playoffs. Oh.


'cause those wild card teams could go in. You get the Packers at the Eagles, the, the Packers could win. You get the, the commanders at the Bucks or the Rams, they could win. And then the five seed wins at the four seed. All of a sudden the teams left are 1, 5, 6, and seven. The five seeds hosted divisional round game. And if the, the seven seed upends, the Vikings of the Lion. Yeah. The five seeds hosting the NFC championship Or the six seed hosts, the NFC championship. That can Happen. That's the path happen. That is the path right there. Okay, cool. Packers, commanders at Ralph John. Yeah, that's it. And I'll be, I'll, I'll fucking wear your Sam Howell jersey.


Yeah. Yeah. I fucking get into that. Alright, Mike, last question by the way. Everyone go to Amazon and buy Mike's book, 99 cents For ebook. Ebook. Make sure you say the ebook. Ebook. The pre edition isn't 99 cents paper Ain't free. My e That was my New Year's resolution. My first one in 21 years. 'cause I wanna encourage people to read. People view reading as a chore. They view it as work. You do. I send you all my books. You never read 'em. 'cause you view it as work. You have association to school, Mike and you don't wanna do it. Mike, Mike, Mike. I'm trying to get people to Read Mike. Mike In 2025. Mike, I, I not only didn't read it, I have even taken out of the package. Yeah, there you Go. I've got it right behind me. I read the cover every day. Yeah. Well thank you. I think it's a great book. Thank you. Because my friend made it.


Yeah. So I and everyone should read, you know what I pitch me real quick? Days, days. No, no, no, no, no, no. Pitch Me. One of my New Year's resolutions is to read a book this year. Pitch me on your book. Okay. Father of mine is a mob tail set in small. Just kidding. I'm not reading it on West Virginia in the ear. Alright. Fuck you ask me about my fantasy team bitch. Oh, we finished in, in third place this year. Yeah. Yeah. We're a big fantasy podcast now. We are. Jerry O'Connell's talk to, actually we might fire Jerry O'Connell and have his wife do it next year. Yeah. I feel like she'd be good. Please do buy Mike's book. I'm gonna, you know what, I'm gonna read two books this year and one of 'em is gonna be father of mine. Well read Father of Mine in the sequel.


Once you finish Father of Mine, you'll wanna read the next one. Sign Me up for what's Coming. One. Wait, so what's the sequel? The sequel son of mine. So It's basically like the Old Testament. The New Testament. Exactly. All right. The new you. Now I'm doing the next one, which I guess is essentially Revelation. No Scientology Ever Clear. You ever heard of that band? Father of Mine? Great song. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great title. Titles aren't protected by copyright law. You know how I learned that? How Pardon? My Take Law. Oh, he's Pre law. I, but I think there are is some rules. 'cause we tried to make a book that's, that was just a New York Times bestseller was the title. That's good. No, you can't do that. That's really good. You can't Do that. That's, can you name Mike as a lawyer? Could we name our book A New York Times bestseller by John Grisham?


Mm. By part title. I think that would be, I think that would probably be pushing the limits of the law. That would, that would require, what do they call that? It's a case of first impression. Ah, okay. All the way to the Supreme Court. It's a little all over the world would be studying it, right. Harry Potter nine. Yeah. My take.


Alright, but last question, Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take, give us one one Florio story. We're working.


Oh, you know what? Actually we didn't, I don't know why we didn't do this. What's gonna happen with Aaron Rogers in the Jets? I think Aaron Rogers doesn't want to come back to the Jets, but he wants them to be the ones that break up with him. He's been needling Woody Johnson, every time he's on McAfee's show, he says some snarky thing about Woody Johnson. Now I might be fired by a teenager. I think he wants them to end it. And then he'll see if anyone out there really wants him and if no one does, he's decided to retire. But if somebody that he deems worthy of his services wants him and, and I'm fascinated by the possibility of him going to Pittsburgh. Mm. Remember that video of him and Mike Tomlin kinda making googly eyes at each other and Yeah. Not, you know, that it's that like, that Sopranos g where they're, you know, it's, it's Christopher and Patsy are doing this.


I I feel like that tracks with what the Steelers are currently doing at quarterback, which is, we don't know how to develop one. Let's just go find a veteran and plug him in. But if he finds a team that wants him and he wants to play for them, then he'll play for another team next year. And he'll use the Jets not wanting him as, as motivation. Even though I, he says it, but I don't believe that he wants to play for the Jets skin. He knows what a shit show it is there. Aaron Rogers and George Pickens. That would be fun. They don't speak the same language. That would be so fun. He did. He said it's the best two years of his life though. In New York. Yeah. Yeah. Which tells you his priorities are completely outta whack. They were horrible. He was injured all of last year. They were horrible this year. How does that become the best year of your life when you won a Super Bowl and you're a four-time MVP?


I think it's just something You say He's hung out with a lot of friends. Yeah, you Just say it. What about MetLife? Great people. Here's a crazy One And we'll end with this 'cause gotta go watch Notre Dame in, in Georgia. If Brock Purdy's elbows kind of fucked up Aaron Rogers finishes, where the team that should have drafted them? No. No. That Won't happen kid. Why not? I guarantee that won't happen. Why? I I I'll just say this. There are more than a few people around the league who have figured out Aaron Rogers and want nothing to do with him. Oh, oh, oh. Trouble in Paradise. Oh, Kyle doesn't like Aaron. Oh, I didn't say that. I just said there's more than a few people who, who know that, you know, I, I don't, look, I'm, I got enough.


We got 'em in this spot. I Got enough problems, you know, but I think that, I think there's a lot of coaches for whom it would be a hard sell. And you better be damn confident that you can coexist with this guy and it's not gonna completely, you know, fuck up your life and get you fired five weeks into the season like it did. Robert s Jet's hired Mike McCarthy, Mike McCarthy, Aaron Reunite. We're an Aaron Rogers podcast. I didn't know if you knew that. You know who, you know who Kyle does like a lot. Kirk Cousins. What's gonna happen with Kirk? What, what are the possibilities for Kirk Cousins at I know where, I know where he is gonna go here. Here's what I Think. Heaven. He's gonna, Well he's gonna go to heaven. Lemme throw this one out there for you, Mike, real quick. Before you say Viking Vikings trade.


JJ McCarthy for a second round pick and then they need a backup quarterback. No, Look, there aren't many guys who, once they've been the highest paid player in the NFL who voluntarily accept being a backup. Flaco is like the only guy that's ever done that. Usually it's, Hey, if I can no longer start, see you later. I'm outta here. I'm gonna go count my money. The thing with cousins, and this is why I think Rogers might have a future, but cousins won't both have the torn Achilles. Both have less mobility than they used to have. And then again, cousins never had much. Roger still throws at 40 yards on a, on a dime with a flick of a wrist. Look at cousins. He's gotta like, he's gotta like muster every ounce of energy in his body from his toes to his fingertips to try to throw the football.


And his body eventually rebelled against him this year because he was compensating for the torn achilles tendon. So it just, it just got to the point where he just can't do it anymore. And I've talked to people who said, you know what? There's a chance it just never comes back for him. He could be done, But he still gets paid next year. Yeah, He does. He gets paid next year. It, he gets 27 and a half million next year. He makes 62 point a half million this year. He gets 27 point a half million next year. Regardless of what happens with the faculty, the only way he'd lose it is, is if he'd retire. And he is, if he's stupid to retire, you force him to cut you and you take your 27 point a half million. Yeah. Good for Kirk. Alright Mike, thank you as always. Can't wait to see you Super Bowl week. You're the best. You Say every time and I never even hear from you Super Bowl week.


So, 'cause you get up at, like, you get up at the Ask Crack of Dawn to do your show with Phil Sims. True. Where are we this year? It's it's central time zone. So it won't be ask it won't be quite the as crack of dawn. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, well you need to change of Dawn. Listen, if you need a guess p ft and I are are more than welcome to. Come on. You can't Get in. You can't get in the building. We have ways you Do can get us in. We have listen Ways Works us now Gru room. Get us in. NFL loves him. I might just dress up as Mike Florio. That's great. We Get a whole bunch of Flos out there. I, that's Too bay. I rotate 'em in and out. We'll, We'll all go as Flores. Yeah. Alright Mike, thank you as always. You're the best. Thanks guys. Happy New Year.


It's soup season. We're gonna get cold. This next week is gonna be pretty cold all across the country. It's perfect. Time to crack. Open some soup. Get involved with soup season. Taste up Today's episode of, Pardon? My Take is brought to you by Campbell's Chunky Soup. It's the soup that eats like a meal. When you think chunky, you gotta think of players like Frank Ragnow, Montez Sweat Will Anderson, chop Robinson. Trent Williams. Jason Kelsey. It's soup season. You know that they're eating Campbell Soup. It's their favorite. It's our favorite too. I love soup because it warms you up from the inside out. But even guys like Jason Kel can't compare it to the go-to like chunky steak and potato. It's packed with great ingredients. Keeps me going strong. I'm eating soup every single day, all winter long. During soup season. You can find me with a big bowl of Campbell's chunky soup. Chunky takes satisfaction to the max. This soup season. Grab a can of Campbell's chunky today.


Okay. Fire fest of the week. Wrapping it up. Short week boys. Hank by the way, every week in Vanny wood head's chair. Yeah. Nice little addition to the studio. Yeah, it it's got A new rug. How does it smell? It smells good. It smells fine. We used to smoke heaters in that van all the time. Corn Cob pipes. Oh yeah. So that was rv. Yeah. That's Different. That was when the rv, the sewage tank overflowed. And so, And we Didn't have the heat And we didn't have air fresheners, so we figured two birds. One stone. Yeah. Let's smoke corn. Corn cob pipes. Yeah. My fire fresh was just when I moved, I mean there's not, not a lot going on. I got my bag back or it's, it's, I think I got my bag back.


Yeah. You think they found it? They're shipping it back. Okay. So it's not back yet, but it is your bag. Yeah. They've confirmed my bag. So I think that that was a good, good, good vibes going into the week. I just regret when I moved to Chicago, I think I threw away like 25 jumpsuits. Oh yeah. Because I think jumpsuit January was kind of over. We kind of feel like it's had some new life. I'm excited to do it again. But I was looking today and I was like, I have like three when I, at one point I had upwards of 40 because Jumpsuits are, they're the first thing to go. 'cause they take up so much room. Right. So if you gotta thin out the closet a little bit, see you. But that said jumpsuit January rocks and it does, I feel more energized than I have in a long time by the jumpsuits. I'm energized.


I will hit a wall where I'll just have to throw on some real pants at one point in a couple weeks. But I'll then get back to the jumpsuits. My kids were like, why are you dressed like that today? Because I, I, I do look a little ridiculous. But that's, you know, I'm comfortable. I feel comfortable. Your kid sounds like he's got some anti Italian bias. It might. Well, he's Italian so he shouldn't, he hates himself. So you got rid of all the jumpsuits. You buy 'em more. I bought a couple more, although I ordered some two weeks ago and they're nowhere to be found. I like, so I have some of these, the Sergio Tini, I like just wearing sweatpants in a, a matching sweatshirt that, that one makes me feel a little more athletic. This one makes me feel like I just want to eat. I loaded up on the one pieces this year and so I've got a bunch of these ones that just haven't Wait I didn't realize that's just A one piece.


It's one piece piece. It's a one piece. It's got the zipper down the middle of it, which is very convenient for if you're a 6-year-old and getting dressed. Yeah. But You're wearing jammies. Yeah, I'm wearing jammies. But the problem is with these, if you go to the bathroom, how do, it's a big problem. Yeah. It's a big problem when you go to the bathroom. Yeah. I have to wrap it around my waist and, and hold the front of it against my stomach if I'm going number two. Got it. I just want all I was trying to find, it's not easy to find valor, jumpsuits. Yeah. Those Are the, that's the pinnacle of jumpsuit. You gotta get genies. Genies. They're expensive but they're worth it 'cause they're comfortable as hell. Okay. PFT My fire fest is, I've honestly had a pretty good week.


Things are going well. Yeah. It's a new year. 2025 New year, new me I've resolved. I'm going to get 1% better every single day. If you get 1% better every day, you end up like 37 times better. There you go. By math. I saw somebody say that online. So every day. I'm just trying to, I guess that might be my fire fest is it's hard to find ways to get 1% better every day. I, there's no way I could find 1%. Just 1%. That's all you gotta do. I got tapped out. I also, I went to the Winter classic, which was, it was cool to go to a great concert by the Smashing Pumpkins at Wrigley Field. Great concert by Chance the rapper. Besides that, what you don't realize when you go to the Winter Classic is when you're looking down at a hockey game that's almost at eye level, it's, it's hard to see a lot of hockey.


It's not, turns out Wrigley Field has done a really good job of putting on baseball games for a very long time. Yes. Not Other sports. Not hockey. And I missed the flyover at it. Oh, I was, I was coming back from getting beers. Oh and four, eight tens. How could you four Warthogs buzz the tower. This is a big disappointment. How could you, big disappointment. How could You miss the fly Over close their support? Yeah. Yeah. I don't really have a fire fest other than, I mean, I was, I'm good to be, I'm happy to be back with the boys because I was on vacation with my kids and when you got three little kids under six, it ain't vacation. It's just trying to figure out a way to make them happy. Which they were. We went, I went to Great Wolf Lodge.


Oh, nice. In Scottsdale. That was cool. That's a great place. Yeah. I watched my, my daughter, my middle child go down the same small slide 300 times in a row. Did you take him to Houstons? I didn't take him to Houstons. I should have gone to Houstons Family Restaurant. Family restaurant. Great organization. Unbelievable. Unbelievable salad. Unbelievable salad. Max, how was your week with the foot? I was all over the place. I went to the wedding. The wedding was very fun. Did you dance? I did. I I, I didn't, I sat for like two minutes at that wedding. Oh My God. My foot was, my God Was killing me at the end of it. I'm, I'm fucking up this, this, I'm gonna go back to this doctor in three weeks.


And he is like, somehow this is worse than when it was when you first came in here, what have you been doing? Yeah, I, I've been, I was riding bikes down in South Carolina Now. Yeah. Max. This is not good. It's not good buddy. So you're just pretending you don't have a broken foot. Correct. He's just like, he said, I probably won't need surgery so I can now I can really bang it up. No, I I mean it's travel. What are you supposed to do? Yeah. Does it hurt more? Maybe not ride bikes. No, because PFT did this where he, remember when we went to the Cubs playoff game and then a Bears game and you're, you were like, we walked way too much. Your foot like, got purple. Well, we picked up a, a wheelchair at Walgreens, I think For the Bears game.


Yeah. And I was like, I don't want people to keep having to push me around. I'll just walk. I got a boot, it'll be fun. And then I walked on it a bunch and I went back to the doctor. He is like, yeah, you do need surgery. Yeah. That's not gonna happen to me. I didn't, I I also didn't ride bikes. Maybe riding bikes is good for me. Riding Bikes was, I was worried about the riding of the bikes. It was, it was, well, Yeah. You got a broken foot idiot. No, but it's, it's not, I don't got a broken leg. Yeah. And then you're not, it's not like you're putting a I wasn't standing on the bike. Yeah. But did the bike ever lean to the side of your broken foot and you had to put your foot down? No, that I, i, it was, you know, it was nice. You know, I was biking around like a neighborhood and stuff. So it wasn't, it wasn't strenuous biking.


Yeah. Yeah. How, how memes how was your break? How you feeling? It Was good. I ate so much. Yeah. A lot of tor pesto with crumple sausage. It was so good. Wait, how many times did you read that? Like, four times. Oh, okay. It was, I I Just wanted to, I have a, I have a request. Yeah. I want us to do, because January we do free lunches here. Yeah. I want the free lunches in December. Oh, okay. Okay. Hank don't Shake your head at me. No, because there's so much, it's like you, you get back and you don't want to eat food all the time. And now we just have unlimited supply of food. Just staring you in the face. No request all day, every day. Request an denied January in Chicago.


Fucking sucks. You know what's awesome when you wake up every day and you're like, I don't have to think about what's for lunch. 'cause it just gets delivered. That's the whole point of it. It's diva. It's to boost the morale in the office in January. Also, Max, you have two weeks of vacation in December. Would you rather have two weeks of, of Food? Yeah. Good point. Or four weeks of food. Also eat less. I, but it's just staring you in the face. Other factors. Calories in, Calories out. I know, I know. But I can't do calories out right now, max. You know What I'm doing Actually I was, I was getting my steps in my thing. But Max, there's always like a salad option. Yeah, there was a salad today. I know, I, I see. I ate, I didn't eat unhealthy today.


It's just every time I went back I was like, oh, I'll get a piece. I'll Eat some chicken and chicken. Chicken. You know, you're in the chicken, you know, you're in, in the boat with right now you're in the boat with Nicki Smokes. The only two people who've ever complained about free, free lunches for January. Completely Different. It's the best. Completely different. Hey, Would you not agree? It's one of the best things easily, like morale wise, But you aren't, you aren't guys that are like, alright, January time to lock in on my weight loss. No. 'cause I do that loss all 12 months That Just don't eat sugar like me. Except for donuts and cake on your birthday. That's fine. You don Don't like the free lunches because it's, you're afraid that you'll eat too much. Correct. Nicky Smokes doesn't like 'em because he somehow never has an appetite. Right. And he also just wants to get drunk One random night with everyone who we see every single day.


And Then probably make decisions that would get him fired. Correct. Also, facts. Here's the good news, max. We're also, I've added at some point this month, I think probably maybe third week of January we're gonna do tan week. I'm gonna get a tanning bed in here Calling it tan. Yeah. We're all gonna get fucking tan. And it's gonna look So that, That I'm in. Yes. That I'm in this Entire office. Just looking like we, we were just, We had spray tans. That's Fine. Yeah. Spray Tan spray Tans could be way. Otherwise Everyone's just gonna be burned. Yeah. We should Spray tan. I'm cool with what I, I want everyone in this office to be as tan as fucking possible. I love that. In the middle of January we just all look hot. This that sounds great.


Okay. Pug, how was your week? Week was good. Pug let it too much driving around. I'm ready to chill out. Oh, you've been mobile. Very mobile. Pugs been cruising. Yes. Where are you driving? Up and down New Jersey. Oh. Garden State Parkway. You see drones Up this morning? I saw a couple drones. Yes. What did they look like? They kind of look like they're lit up green and red. They kind of look like little airplanes and So drones, they look little. They looked like planes, helicopters, almost. Plane. It sounds like you're describing planes. It's a good aliens. Okay. Yeah, that's true. It's good. Aliens also President. Pug. Pug. You have a, what is it, a $2,500 free bet?


Yeah. Oh yeah. Was it Hank? How much did we split? No, 10 grand Was it? So fi you have a $5,000 free bet then. Oh wow. I didn't know it was, I didn't know it was that much because Hank And I split it, right. Yeah. So Puck whatcha you gonna bet? I Don't know. It's a lot of pressure. I'll have to think about it. Okay. P. Alright. First numbers of the new year. Memes. Have you ever gotten this? Nobody has this here. Three. Oh, okay. Seven. You're going three. What was your, what was your number last time? 11 gives you a number. G. Hit on I think it was three. Yeah, I think I hit on three.


Hmm. No, you hit on two. Yeah, I hit on two. Yeah. I can't keep track. No, I've gotten the lottery ball so many times. You Won on two, you won on 2 94. Pug. What? 78? I'll go 56. 44. That was Jack. 21. That was Shane. Oh, it's nine. I saw single digit memes. I thought, I thought that was it. That would've, that would've to win the first of the year.


And then you all year you can be like, have you guys gotten it this year? But damn that. You know what? Let's do one more. 'cause we, we missed Wednesday show. This one's official. All right. Three. Fuck. Seven. 20, 11, 79, 20. Huh? You heard me? 94 Per 44. 29. What was your saying? 7 43. 43.