
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have an awesome interview with Minnesota Timberwolves. Julius Randle in studio. He stopped by talk to us. Great time with him. Talking to NBA. We are going to talk about Monday Night Football, some things going on in the NFL, some cleanup from week 10. We have College Football Talk. We're getting close to the end of the season. Things are getting tight. We're gonna do Guys On Chicks. Hot Seat, Cool Throne.


It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The emus NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner, the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in the single elimination in in season turn, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Vegas. Get behind your favorite players and the prop bets you can make on DraftKings. The best place to bet NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. First time. Here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/b ball.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy. Yeah. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings. Score big with the DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code. Take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, November 13th. And the Miami Dolphins might be, I'm not gonna say back. They're spoilers. They're spoilers. They win Monday night football. Tua looks good and, and I don't know what the fuck to make of the rams other than the fact that what the hell's going on with Sean McVeigh. Why are you kicking field goals on third down, They're, the dolphins are technically not out of it. They're, they're the perfect spoiler Team. It, they, they might spoil a bunch of games, but if you look at the seventh seed in the, in the A FC right now, yeah, we don't know. And this is a perfect weekend for it. You had all their competition for that, for that final seed. Ended up losing. Yep. The dolphins win. Tua comes back proves to us.


He can still make a tackle. Yeah. Credit, credit to Tua sticking his head in there. That seemed like it was a bad idea, but yeah. McVeigh kicking a, a field goal on third down. I don't know if that was the right decision or not. They probably weren't gonna win the game at the end. No. That was the wrong decision. And here's why. If you are going to play the game of, we should kick a field goal before we kick, before we try to get a touchdown. Do it with like a minute and a half left at the minute you get into field goal range. Do it on first down. Yeah, Do but do it when you get into field goal range if you're gonna go that route. Otherwise you have thir, why would you give away a down that you could, like the harder thing to do is score a touchdown. Why are you giving away a down there? Just go for it on third down and then kick the field goal. It felt like he got caught like somewhere in the middle where he just didn't really make up his mind.


Like, you have to be decisive that the mi if you're like, Hey, we gotta get a field goal first. Do it with a minute and a half left. I think. So what we're saying is he made the right decision, but just way too late. Way Too late. And then wait and then early To the point where it didn't be, it, it ended up not being the right decision because he waited so long to make the right decision. And Then he, he somehow waited way too long and then also at the same time, still did it early. I mean, shout out to procrastinators. I think it's a very relatable mistake to make. I think, I feel like didn't, didn't feel like he just was like, I kind of didn't really have a plan here. Fuck it. Let's kick the field goal now. He Was like, oh shit. Yeah, I should've done this. I I should while I'll do it right now. But Someone should have said, Hey, no, actually don't do it right now.


Wait at least one more down. You know The old saying where there's never a good way to make the wrong decision. Yeah. This is like the opposite of that. There, there is a, a bad way to make the right decision. Yes. And that's what McVay ended up doing. Yeah. I'm concerned about McVay's beard. So you know how he talked to us about the, the beard procedure that he had. He got like PRP injected into his cheeks. Yeah. It's scooped down way low. It's, it's, it's looking pretty patchy on the sides. I'm Concerned about his Hair. Yeah. Well, the hair's, another thing I I Do, he needs to, he needs to go with Wonton Don and Nicki Smokes and White Sox, Dave to Turkey. That's like a midlife crisis in a bottle right there. I I think that NFL coaches and coaches in general have done no favors by camera angles when it comes to thinning hairlines.


Yeah, I would agree with that. It's a, it's a bad spot to be in. But yeah, the Dolphins, they're not dead. The dolphins are not dead. They're probably not gonna make the playoffs. But you still have some games that mean a little bit to you before you officially start playing Spoiler and just being like, okay, I'm gonna go into every weekend trying to be an asshole. Well, They have the Raiders and the Patriots next. So if they can win those two games, they're now sitting there five and six going into Lambo. They have to go six And Two Thanksgiving weekend. So yeah, I, and I thought Tua played great. Like I know that his numbers weren't like super flashy, but even in the second half when they needed to get first downs, when they needed to extend drives to keep the ball away from the Rams, they were able to do it. And I, there's something about the Dolphins. I think it's a night game and I think it's indoors.


They just look so fast. Yeah. And their and their uniforms pop and Yeah. I I I feel like, and They got another weapon too. They're spoilers. Malik Washington. Yeah. So the, the guy that ran in that first touchdown, he looked so fast. So fast. Like how did they keep finding these guys? I went up and looked up his combine stats. 'cause I was like, how did the Dolphins, how did the league allow the Dolphins to get another guy that appears to run like a four three? I think he ran like a 4, 5 9 or a four five at the combine. Now I, I'm so deep in the conspiracy where I'm thinking that like they, they talk to guys who are fast and they say, Hey, just run like a little bit slower and then I'll draft you. Yeah, yeah. And we'll take you, we'll tune an offense that works and nobody else will know that you're secretly very fast.


They Build the whole plane outta speed. Yeah. And it works. So yeah, looking at the Dolphins, I think they are just the prime spoiler team. I think they have a game against the Texans and the 49 ERs leader in the season. They're gonna win one of those two. It's not gonna mean anything for 'em, but it'll mean a lot for the team that loses. So that's not Listen, being spoiler at this point. If you can't, if you can't get to the playoffs, be a spoiler. Yeah, but I, they're not there yet. They still have that hope to clean onto, They still, they still do. If they can win the next two games, they still have a little hope. Okay. Other cleanup stuff. Am I wrong to think that Micah Parsons didn't say anything wrong? No. What did he say? He, well, the fact that he's on, he's on the cowboy always makes you think like this has to be a story anytime he says something.


Yeah. So, so here's what he said after the game, after another loss, he was asked about Mike McCarthy's Hot Seat, and he said, that's above my pay grade. Whether Mike is coaching again next year coaching, Mike can leave and go wherever he wants. Guys I kind of feel bad for are veteran right guard Zach Martin, guys who might be on their last year or on their way out, because that's who I want to hold the trophy for. And essentially being like, I don't give a fuck about Mike McCarthy. I guess people are saying, he said he, he, he went on to say, you wanna win games and do great things with those type of legends who put in more time and work than Mike McCarthy ever did. I guess that would be maybe the shot.


Those are the kind of guys that I have so much sympathy and hurt for. I have no problem with it. It, it was honest. Like Mike McCarthy can coach seemingly for the rest of his life. A NFL player has a limited time to be on an NFL roster. And he's like, yeah, the guys next to me who might be on their last year. Those are the guys I feel for knowing that Mike McCarthy's gonna be fine no matter what. I guess like maybe saying, you know, they work harder than Mike McCarthy ever works. I could see understanding that would be like, maybe don't say that, but this is one of those, this falls under the category of you want your athletes and coaches to give honest answers.


And when they give honest answers, we should be like, that was an honest answer. Not holy shit. How could he say that? I think it's a fair answer to give, but it's also knowing that you're a star player on the Dallas Cowboys, know that any piece of media you put out there is gonna take an out of context. Correct. And then you're gonna have to answer, actually, it's a great move for his podcast to be open and honest because not only do you get the initial news bump when you say something, but then you also get the clarification podcast. Yes. Where you go back on and address the controversy. You might ask yourself, is it wise for a star player to have a podcast and say at times inflammatory things? Or is that mostly the position that should be withheld for people that are media trained, like the owner of the team to Yes. When he does his weekly Radiohead and he does the exact same thing.


Yes. They're just, they're, they're gorging the media. Like they're, they're just filling up the news cycle with things to talk about with Dallas Cowboys. And somehow Michael Parson's quote about Mike McCarthy, Mike McCarthy's response quote about us handling it like men, we had a conversation like men do men. Which is a great thing to say. Like, yeah, how did you address this? Well, I'm a man and he's a man. So we had a man to man, I Just assumed when Michael Parson says we had a conversation like men, it was just Mike McCarthy on the shitter and Michael Parsons maybe sitting next to him in the stall next to him being like, Hey, should we talk about this real quick? They're they're playing battle shit Yeah. With each other. Yeah, But you're right, you're exactly right that this is like a ka in a cradle situation.


Michael Parsons learned it from Jerry Jones. Exactly. You can't, you can't say Michael Parsons, how are you saying this? Well, you, we say everything here. Yeah. You can't, you can't discipline Micah Parsons for doing the exact same thing that your owner does. Right on, on a weekly basis as he's fighting, he's fighting now like a two front battle, one against the PR machine around Micah Parsons and Jerry Jones is also fighting a battle against the sun. And he's currently losing that battle to the sun. Although they have adapted, they've adapted a little bit. Mike McCarthy did that press conference yesterday and the sun was beaming straight into his eyes Yep. Where the podium was. Yep. So they set up a little sun blocker for Mike McCarthy. I mean, what do you got? What are you gonna do?


You wanna put up a sun blocker? You wanted to bulldoze the entire stadium next. Yeah. The facility, you can't do that. You can't do that. I did like that move by, by Jerry Jones being like, Hey here, we'll answer the critics on the sun. Yeah. We got you. Bang. We figure out a solution to it. But I had no pro, I I really have no problem with Michael Paron say it because there's a lot of truth in it that you, I think an NFL player, as much as you don't maybe want to say that quiet part out loud, they are always gonna care more about the guys next to them in the locker room than they are about a coach. He Also complimented his coach. Yeah. It's not like he, he said, you know, at this point, I can't control what the coaches do. They make some decisions that I don't like, but I'm gonna go out there and play for the guy next to him.


It's not like he threw Mike McCarthy under, I guess a very, very large bus. It's just the fact that he did not praise Mike McCarthy enough as he talked about His teammates or say the cliche thing which the reporter was fishing for, is Michael Parsons being like, no, we're still fighting for our guy Mike McCarthy. Yeah. Which would've been not true. Like he, they, they're fighting to win games. But this is also the point in the NFL season where guys do start making business decisions where it's like, I, listen, I'm, we're not gonna go to the playoffs. We're not a good team. I gotta get my stats, I gotta put on tape, I gotta play for my next contract. And again, Mike McCarthy will be fine because if he doesn't get another head coaching job, he'll get a consulting job.


He'll get paid $3 million to, to sit and find the next jets or the Bears next head coach. Like that's what he's gonna be fine. And then he'll say, it should be me. Yeah. Right. So he, he's now, he's set up for Life. I, I don't have a problem at all with what Micah Parson said, but what I did have a problem with is that he referred to his defensive coordinator as Zimmerman. Mm. So I don't think he knows the name of his defensive cordon. He might not, I think he thinks his name is Mike Zimmerman. Well, he was hurt for a while, Michael Parsons. I know. So that might be, You would think that he would at least get his defensive coordinator's name correct. He was close enough. I guess Maybe they just call each other man. Yeah, he's the Zimmerman. Yeah, He's the Zimmerman.


Yeah. That might be it. Yeah. Okay. Other news, the Bears fired Shane Waldron, which was just a bandaid on a gaping wide hole that's gonna keep bleeding out forever. Yeah. So Shane Waldron, Luke Getsy both get the acts early. You had to Both e both Eber flu's hires. Now Here's what's crazy is that, is that when you look at Shane Waldron being fired and how that all shook out yesterday, Adam Schefter said that the, the Bears are gonna make a a decision. They're going to move on, they're going to make some changes on offense. It could be their coordinator. Yep. And it could be their quarterback. Yep. Why did Adam Schefter, why did the Bears even throw that out there?


A in what world is bench benching Caleb Williams right now a solution to anything? I Actually think there's a, I don't want him to be benched, but there actually is a world where it, it solves a little something in the fact that you now have, we're we're, for all the jokes we made about the Panthers and be and Fleecing the Panthers, we are the Panthers from last year. And that you had Frank Wright, who was like a lame duck coach and he was calling plays and then he gave Thomas Brown play calling duty for three weeks. And then he took the play calling duty back. Now the bear's lame duck head coach, rookie quarterback give the play calling to Thomas Brown, who's now the Bear's offensive coordinator probably gonna take it back after he sucks.


So I'm just worried that, I mean, it, it probably doesn't matter at the end of the day, but yeah, I think you could probably hurt Caleb Williams even more by having him run an offense That doesn't work whatsoever. I want him to play, but I'm, it's gotten so bad that I actually could be convinced that like, yeah, maybe we should just sit 'em out and just start next year fresh and be like, new team new everything new. You know, like you never even played an NFL game cable. Yes. Thank you. Have a question. Yes. I saw that the wa and Sylvia account posted that veteran players had went to the coach and asked for Bain. Yeah. Sylvie, Sylvie Moore said there were people asking that. Yeah. DJ Moore probably. But listen, that's bad. This the whole thing is bad.


Like the players should want Caleb the whole, it's correct that like if the system's bad, like BB, it's bad for his progress, but like the players in the locker room want to win. You would think they, you know, correct. The fact they don't want Caleb as their QB is bad. Caleb is broken right now. Although it's probably just DJ Moore. Yeah. And e Eber flu has broken him to a point. I mean you can see it when he plays, he, they, they stressed it all summer. Like, Hey, we wanna take the aggressiveness out of him. His brain is locked up every time he drops back. I think the players want, if a player did go to the coaching staff and say, we want to have beget play instead of Caleb Williams, do you think it's because that's the fix that they learned last year that worked in the short term when they put bein in and the offense looked a little bit better.


So the solution that they have in their minds is, let's get Bejan in. Or is this a completely different problem that the Bears have this year compared to what they had last year? They are the sa it's the same problem every year for the Bears. They are actually running essentially the worst anniversary year of all time. It's the 10 year anniversary of the 2014 team who, that was Mark t Truman's last year. And down to like a tee was actually they, when the season started to spiral, it was losing the dolphins, Brandon Marshall and Robbie Gold getting in a fight in the locker room. Always great when your kicker gets in a fight losing to the Patriots. That was the famous Lamar, Houston Torres ACL after sacking Jimmy Garoppolo when we were down 40 points.


And then, so we lost the Patriots. Then the next week was the game that Aaron Rodgers threw like six touchdowns in the first half. So it went Patriots, Packers and everything. And then Jay Cutler got benched for Jimmy Clawson because Mark Treman was trying to save his job. So this is, it's just history repeating itself. I do think they probably at some point will probably be like, yeah, we'll just put in Tyson bein. That actually sounds worse. What that what you just described as a much worse situation than now. No, it's the same Jimmy Clawson. It's the same Hank it's the same. I kind of agree with Hank. We had a guy Tara, his ACL celebrating a sack down 40 points. He sacked the backup quarterback. It's the same there, it's just a cluster fuck and just firing guy.


And then, you know, Kromer got fired. Like the whole thing. The bears were a joke of an organization. Been over this a million times. I think this is kind of the last time I'm ever gonna believe. I don't, I don't think that it's the same because Caleb is still, he's got the talent to be what was, what was the knock on Caleb when he came outta college? He Holds onto the ball. I wrote his finger fingernails. Yeah, I think crying. Yeah. He, he holds onto the ball too long, But he, he now holds on the ball because they told them don't throw picks. But It's, I think it's a different holding onto the ball too long problem than what they had last year. That's why I think that this going to be, doesn't fix anything because last year the holding onto the ball too long problem was because Justin Fields just couldn't get the ball out on time because he, he couldn't process it with Caleb.


I think the problem is more that he just believes that he's gonna be able to make a play and he holds onto it and tries to run around, ends up getting sacked, runs outta bounds, whatever. I think it, I think it's a different reason for holding onto the ball too long. Well, no, it's, it's everything. It's Caleb is tentative and not seeing anything Well playing bad. The offensive line playing bad and the the schemes don't work. They, I, I watched a whole, I watched some tape, I watched the tape. Essentially Kenan Allen is is, is playing DJ Moore's position from last year. DJ Moore had a great year last year. We're getting him in motion and letting him beat guys off the line of scrimmage. Keenan Allen's not as fa Keenan Allen is old.


He's not as fast as DJ Moore. Why is Keenan Allen running DJ Moore's plays and DJ Moore is just being put out. Why? And just being like, okay, just get jammed at the line of scrimmage. Like don't it, it, the whole thing is a mess. It will never get fixed. We hired a fucking, the guy who's running the whole operation is Kevin Warren who remember tried to cancel football. He doesn't fucking like football. And it's all, it's never gonna change. So I, I think I, I think I might have reached the point where it's, I'll never believe again. But if they go up seven, nothing on the pack or is it Back? No, no, they're back. I think I'll never believe again. I would, I would bet a thousand dollars. I'll put a thousand dollars into the part of my take.


What, what, what are you calling that? The tip jar? Yeah. That when the Packers, if they go down to the Bears, Big Cat will be like, the Bears are back. I think, I think I'm never gonna believe again. I mean, we did it with Mitch. We did it with Justin. We did it with Caleb. I think I'm, I'm, I think it's, it's rotten to the core. It has nothing to do with who they, they're gonna hire the fourth best offensive coordinator to be the new head coach and we're gonna try to be sold on that. And I'm not gonna fall for it anymore. Do you think I there's any chance that that is true? No. No. Yeah. Unfortunately Probably not. Do you see the one guy I saw on, on Friday night, he was wearing a, a Drake May Bears jersey. That's tough. Kind of wild.


The But Drake Maywood suck on the Bears. Yeah. I think anybody would. Yeah. Jane Daniels would suck on the Bears. This is the Patrick Mahomes James is really good. This is the Patrick Mahomes. You know, like we've passed on Patrick or we didn't pick Patrick Mahomes. Patrick Mahomes would suck on the Bears. 'cause the bears are a joke of an organization. That's just how it works. There's not, nothing's gonna change. They don't care about winning and yeah, Shane Waldron like that doesn't solve anything. That was also the first time they've ever fired an offensive coordinator. Midseason. That's good. Yeah. Great. Awesome Progress. It is very funny that Luke Getsy and, and Shane Waldron are the only two offensive coordinators fired this year. And they both were hand selected by Matt Iber flu. Yep. And Luke Getsky was fired obviously by the Raiders like week six.


So knows how to pick him. Should have fired Matt when you had the chance last year. Should Have fired Matt when we had the chance. Didn't do it. Didn't do it. 'cause we're fucking a joke. He Was like, come on, I'll get hot, Get get fucked up, get a haircut. Any other NFL things? Me. How are you doing? Meh. Okay. You're in hell with me. Yeah, I'm just looking at coaches. Okay. What do you got? What'd you find? Deion Sanders. Okay. Culture Changer. Unfortunately, Dion's gonna, the Cowboys, Unfortunately, Dionne might be going to the LSU Tigers. There was a flight tracker today that a flight from Boulder went to, stopped in Dallas where Dionne has a house, then went to Baton Rouge and then stopped in Houston and then went back to Boulder.


Where Dion also has a house. That's very interesting. I love flight tracking. I love it. I love it. I've said a million times if, if the SEC message boards had been in charge of NORAD on nine 11, yeah we would shut that shit down. They are all over the private jets. And if they're saying it then, then I have no choice to believe it. But I do think that Dion, Dion to the Cowboys would just be a lot of fun. Dion Anddo, I think he's just gonna go wherever Chador goes. Yeah. Which I, why not? That would make for an interesting dynamic in the NFL if, if your coach's son is also your quarterback. I hope. I hope bro. I hope LeBron, the LeBron comes out and he's like, this is not right. Yeah. The head coach should not be coaching his son. So you're looking at coaches what?


Dion Sanders, what else? Dion Sanders. Mike Vrabel. Somebody threw out the idea. John Gerden. Yeah. Mike Vrabel, by the way, he's the winner of this whole thing because he's gonna get whatever he wants. Whatever he wants. Yeah. There's a lot of teams out there that need men. There's a man problem with the NFL. Yeah, there's a big time man. It's society man. Problem. It's Society. That's right. By the way, did you see, so here is, here's how bad I, it might go down as one of the worst head coaching carousels of all time. 2022. Here I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you all the coaches. So these are the good ones. Mike McDaniel. Kevin O'Connell.


Good coaches. Good hires. Here were the other. This is 2022 coaching vacancies. Brian Dbol got hired by the Giants. He's probably gonna get fired. Doug Peterson already fired Todd Bowles. That was kind of coach in place. Josh McDaniels already fired. Matt Eber flus gonna get fired. Dennis Allen already got fired. Lovey Smith already got fired. Nathaniel Hackett already got fired. 10 head coaching vacancies and half of them have already been fired. Yeah. I Do like the idea though. Like I, I think Josh McDaniels is a shitty head coach and I don't know, at some point another team might take a chance on him, but I like the idea of him getting back with Belichick.


Yeah, That would work. 'cause Belichick can keep him in line a little bit. That would work. That would absolutely work. Because I Feel they do good cop, they do good cop, bad cop. But somehow Bill Belichick is the good cop in that relationship. Hey, that's how, that's how shitty of a police officer Josh McDaniels is. You don't understand. The Bears will never hire someone who's an Alpha or a football guy. They won't 'cause they just want to have Kevin Warren an empty suit, be the guy who's in charge somehow. It's just never gonna happen. They're never gonna hire a guy who's like, this is, it's my way or the highway. I'm running this. I'm bigger than the organization. It just won't happen. 'cause that would be a good move. And they don't, it's a fork in the road.


And if it's good move, they always go the other way. Memes, what do you think about Rex Ryan? Hmm? Bring it back. Oh, some glory days. I could make a sick, sick hype video. Sometimes you gotta go back to move forward. I would love Rex Ryan. Yeah, you would. Yeah. You would. I mean at this point it does feel like that's the next move for the Jets, right. Is glory days. Yep. And that fits into the historical Higher Re Ryan, after you get rid of the Green Bay quarterback, two Ffc FC championships. Yep. Wife gets a tattoo of the next quarterback. Yep. Feet, foot fetish comes back and then you're back Then. Then you're back. Who else would be a good glory days? Eric Manini. Nope. The Man Genius. Nope. Ooh. Bill Belichick Glory Days.


He would never, no. He hates him so much. I just want someone who wants to get Pete Carroll. Tall Bulls. Pete Carroll. No. Bill Parcells. Bill Parcel. Is he still Alive? Oh yeah, he is. Yeah. He's very much alive. Pete Carroll. Yeah. He talked, remember Darren Izzy called Dan Campbell and Bill Parcells. Yeah. Parcells is still very much alive. He just spends all day at the track. I bet. Yeah. He And taking phone calls from coaches. Yeah. As a mentor. Alright, last thing about NFL before we do college football, how are you guys, we're we're two days away from A PMT all time. PMT rivalry match for the NFC East. How are both sides feeling? It's Hate week. How are both sides feeling? I feel good. I feel love. You feel love?


Yep. Whoa. What does that mean? I don't know. You can choose hate. I'll choose love. Okay. PFT Do you think you're gonna win this game? I actually do. Okay. I think, I think that the commander's gonna win this game. I think I, I also went back and rewatched the film. Okay. I watched every play that was continue. You don't know what I'm gonna say. You don't know what I'm gonna say, max. Yep. You're debating a ghost right now. Yeah, I was gonna say that The Steelers defensive line and their linebackers played exceptionally well. Yeah. They're really, really, really good on defense. They limited Jayden to not scrambling at all. I think he had like maybe five yards rushing. We didn't really do any design runs. And when we did try to do 'em, they didn't work and he just got down immediately.


They did a great job. The Pittsburgh Steelers are a very, very, very good football team. And if you look at how the commanders bounced back to their other great loss that they had, which was against the Ravens, I feel like we're, we're in a good position. I trust Dan Quinn. What was the game after the Ravens? I believe that was the Panthers. And that's when Mariota went out there and, and lit 'em up. Now there's some frauds, there's some, there's some fraud talk out there. Yeah. Also for the Commanders. Can I say I I'm, 'cause the bear season is completely over. I've I'm now getting personally offended for you on the fraud talk. Oh, I'm not, I'm not offended by it. Oh, I am. Because I saw someone say the commanders have not beat, they've lost all their games to winning teams and they've only beaten losing teams.


That's just not true. Yeah. They beat the Cardinals. Yes. They beat the Bears when they were four and two. Yep. And they, well, I mean, they were, they were. And they also lost the bucks who were el I, I don't know what, I feel like those arguments always, you just, I guess the person was taking it their record at the time of, at the time, Which you can't do, you can't do that. But if you do that, you beat the Bears who were four and two. Yeah, exactly. So you can't go, you can't switch back and forth. You can't be like, oh, we beat the four and two bears, but that counts as a under 500 team. But we also beat the, the two and four cardinals who are now six and two. Like Yeah, listen, you, you have to be consistent when you do your fraud stats. Right. You either have to say, right now what are the team's records?


Yeah. That, that you beat in the teams that you lost to. If you go by right now, guess what? The Cardinals are a good team. Yeah. And we crushed the Cardinals. But here's why I'm not upset at all about the fraud talk. I, it's an honor to be called a fraud. As long as I've lived, I have, I have yearned for somebody to think highly enough of my football team to the point where they can hate my football team. I don't know. So the fact that no, I don't give, I don't, I don't give a fuck. You can call me. Guess what? If you lose The Eagles by a lot, I, that's not a good thing to be like, you're a fraud. No, I'm talking about right now. Oh, as we stand right now, guess what? Bernie, Bernie Madoff, he lived a long time as a fraud and he had fucking islands that he vacationed. But he also probably, he Had a great Run, but he probably also stayed up every single night being like, someone's gonna catch me.


He Had a great run being a fraud. And I, I think this is how big of a loser I am. This goes against Hank's all his messaging to me of, of how to handle winning. Now I'm gonna go against it for a second because being called a fraud, it's, we haven't been nearly good enough in decades for somebody to, to think that we're so highly rated that we could even possibly be frauds. Got it. Nobody thinks that a, a four and 14 team is a fraud. Or excuse me, four and 13 team is a fraud. So, but Yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't agree with this sentiment, but okay. Yeah. Going back to what Max was alluding to, I think was the drop catches that, that Jayden had. Have you upped, have you, have you recounted the ballots? Like there's some people, did You, you watch the, the compilation that PFC put together?


No, and I, you know what, it Was all pass breakups. It was, I think there were two drops and six pass breakups. That's, that's, that's not true at all. That's not true at all. And I forgot to put in the Luke McCaffrey drop that he had, which would've been another like 25 yards. But I mean, I'm gonna go back and, and repeat what I said on Monday, which is, let's see, this, Jayden did not play his best game. It wasn't his best game. He didn't look outstanding. I made you say that though. Yeah, he did. But you're right. Yeah. No, no. Good. I'm happy. For the listeners that we got that Go to pf t's account, why are you on Jayden Daniels? I'm trying to do too many things. Yeah. He did not play his best game. But I think that he Max did make you say that He probably left about, I'd say 65 to 70 yards on the field and drops and a touchdown that was dropped.


Okay. All right. Let's see it. That's George Pickens. George Pickens. Yeah. Here we go. All right. All that was a drop. Drop. I'm counting that as one drop. We're on drop watch Hank left. He's just like, I don't want to do this. That's a pass breakup. No, the Pa the defender didn't touch it. I think the defender broke his hands there. No, and he got in front of his face. What? Like he was covered? No watch. It bounces off his shoulder pads. Boom. Okay. And his Face Mask. That's a drop off. His face mask drop. That's maybe a pass breakup. Watch the replay. Okay.


I mean he got his hands into his hands. He would've, Terry would've recart that. That's A drop. That's a drop. That was a catch. No, he dropped it. Oh, you didn't see it bounced off the ground. Oh, okay. Yeah. That's how obvious It was. That's a break for Beth Throw. That's a pass breakup. And behind him. Yeah. So there's two drops so far. How long is this Video Bad throw? That's a bad throw. So that was two drops. And Then there was a Luke McCaffrey one that he also dropped. Yeah, Because that was, that last one was a missed throw. I would say of the drops compilation that I put on, there were at least three drops And it was between two and three.


And then depending on how you're looking at It, there was another one that I didn't include that was, how Did you not include That also drop? Because I didn't have the, I didn't have the replay of it. Oh, you Can't count the one that you didn't include. That's true. I am like, you put so many that weren't drops. How am I supposed to believe This game is your entire season? PFTI Would agree. You think so? Yeah. I think I am rooting for the commanders and I will be personally heavily invested in them. But I think if they lose this game, it's their third playoff game that they've lost. And it's the season's open. Can't lose that. Too bad. You guys will be officially be frauded because the teams you've beat are trash. Like you guys were celebrating and it was 'cause it was an exciting game and a and a good finish.


And so it's like, you know, you lived off of that Hail Mary, but it was against the Bears. Yeah. Yeah. And we almost beat 'em. Yeah. We've got some great losses though. It's really good losses. I, I don't think your season's over, I think you'll still go to the playoffs. But I, this is why I push back on the fraud thing. I don't being if you lose to the Eagles by a lot, being a fraud like that sucks. 'cause everything you thought you thought is not real. Well, no, I, I disagree because in this season, this is all, this is all gravy, this is all extra. So I didn't think that the commanders had a good enough team roster wise to compete and even be this good and win this many games. I was expecting, you know, eight wins tops. But what if Jayden plays like he did last week again against the Eagles?


Does that not make you nervous about Well, Yeah, obviously I wanna see Jayden, how many drops I wanna see the Eagles also have a very good defense. Yes. I wanna see Jayden continue to play. Well that's, that's obvious. But this is such a, it it's such an unexpectedly good season so far that to be, to have this many wins I think is is great. I'm not gonna be upset about outperforming expectations because it tells me, number one, we've got a quarterback that we can build around. Number two, our coaching staff did a hell of a job to, to get this much production out of guys that were either brought in off the scrap heap or guys that are holdovers from the previous regime that are just not, they haven't shown to be that good. And to get them to all buy in and outperform expectations.


I think that's, that's a great thing. So it's not like it's hard for me to be disappointed about being a fraud if I never thought that we would even get to this place. What I'm basically trying to say is it's on the table now and it's a, the true sicko and perverts are rooting for this and they're, who knows what's gonna happen. But if we were running a race, the race started and Jayden Daniel's car went so fast down down, like he, he just was going so fast, looking great. Lambo, my race started, my car didn't start, and then it went like 60 miles an hour and then it literally blew up. There's another car that has shown up to the race that is showing that it could be faster than all the other cars.


And that would be the worst outcome. Drake may Yeah. That's what everyone who's listening to this podcast is rooting for. And it's like, not me. Look at his face. Look at his face. He's already gotten one out. Do you think, do you think that Drake is that car? I'm starting to believe This is You didn't even, it's so sick. It's so Sick. This analogy that car didn't have a driver because the driver was like, I don't really care. Yeah. It didn't start off The gate and then, and then it started rolling for a little bit and then the driver had to be convinced by his other two podcast co-hosts to get into the car and start driving reluctantly. And then he wins the race because the driver Just wants to win races.


But that's the thing, like winning, winning races against shitty cars doesn't matter. You want to beat the good cars. And when you've experienced winning those big races, then you know, beating lower tier cars just doesn't really mean as much. So it that, that is why the Paris isn't as much there. And again, I Don't think, I think Jaden Daniels is very, very good. Would you say? It looks great, but there's also just the fucked up nature of this ecosystem that that's the only part. It's like, I'm not down on Jayden Daniels for any of his play. I'm down on Jayden Daniels because of how this podcast operates. Yeah. Would you say that, Does that make sense? Would, In this analogy, Big Cat, would it be fair to equate this to like getting a car that you, you love and you're super pumped up about and you show off to everybody and then you drive it around and then you keep bragging about it and then Yeah.


It stalls in the middle of the freeway during rush hour. Yeah. Kind of like that now. And then the Audi just shows up and it always runs. Well, I I'm not I'm not down on Jaden at all. No, I'm not either, but you know what I'm Saying. I think he had maybe one of his worst games of the season, which was still a good game. He was Okay, Max. No, I, I actually agree with that. I think that's fair to say. Yeah. I, I'm not down on, the only part of that I'm down on with Jane Daniels is that this is such a fucked up world that we live in. Yes. That, that car might Yeah. Sitting on the couch. Yeah. The scar Just like smirking a little bit being like, whoops, me. Jane Daniels didn't make a bunch of mistakes last game.


No, I just didn't think he had a, like a good game. Yeah. If he, if he had played like he did against the Bengals, then we probably would've won that game. Right? Yes. There were a couple throws that he missed. There was one on that final drive, which would've probably gotten us into field goal range at the very least that he missed the one to Brown. Yeah. Yep. He had a missed to McCaffrey when we were backed up in our own end zone that he missed. So yeah, there were some mistakes out there, but I still, I'm still buying all the Jaden Daniels stuff as you should. I think that he absolutely, I think that he is going to be one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL And let me double down on accountability. Eagles really haven't beat anyone either. Sure. Depending on who you think about the be they, obviously the Packers win at the beginning of the year, big win. And depending on what you think of the Bengals, those are the only two good, good wins.


Yeah. That's Accountability. Yeah. And, and I'm gonna stick with what I said that I think that the Eagles have the better team. I think they've got the better roster, but if, if our quarterback plays to the top of his ability, I think that we can win this game. Yeah. My car's blown up, blew up everywhere. Also massive ma like it's my car is one of those like buses in India with like a hundred people on the roof. And it flipped Credit to the Steelers too because Russell Wilson played very, very well. And I think that swag, I think that the Steelers are a legitimate threat also. Mike Tomlin, you're not a degenerate. There was lip reading afterwards where you said do not snap it. Do not snap it. Okay. So, so he was not gonna go for that.


Yeah. I mean that's, that's a dumb ass play. That dumb ass penalty we committed at the end. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's talk some college football before we do that via tour.


Finding the perfect gift can be tough, especially one that won't end up in the back of a closet this holiday season. Do what I'm doing. Give the gift of planning unforgettable experiences with Via tour. With Via Tour you can book guided tours, activities, excursions, and more. Via Tour has over 300,000 travel experiences to choose from. So it's easy to find something that everyone on your list will enjoy. Plus they have real traveler reviews so you can pick the perfect experience with confidence and with free cancellation and 24 7 customer support, you can gift worry free. Knowing the plans can change, but great memories last forever. So skip the predictable presence and make this holiday one to remember with Via tour. Download the Via tour app now. Use code via tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Find travel experiences for you. Do more with Via tour.


We're also brought to you by ourselves. Pardon my cheese steak. It is football season. Football's back in full gear, pardon my cheese steaks. Brings you awesome cheese steaks loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep. And we will be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. Take your pick of our delicious cheese steaks made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone, mouth watering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions On a toasted hogie roll, we have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, and many, many more. You can order the popular Big Cat combo and get your cheese steak of choice fries and a drink. Find a pardon my cheese steak near you or order yours now. A pardon my cheesesteak.com Use code a WL for free delivery.


Okay. Boys College Football. We are three weeks away from, you know, think or two weeks away from Thanksgiving championship Saturday coming up very shortly. Of course, as we all expected on November 12th, the undefeated teams are Oregon, BYU Army in Indiana. Mm huh Hmm Huh. Indiana looked good. Yeah. Well they played Michigan kind of almost won that game, but yes. They, they, they're 10 to Oh, it was the first time that Indiana didn't just beat the brakes off someone. I Think, I think there was a not so quiet conglomerate to people that were saying that this was the week though, that Indiana gets introduced to real Big 10 football.


Yeah. I mean there was this that's been happening for the last three or four weeks and they just keep on winning. And Kurt ti is coach of the Year for sure. Indiana. I think it's the first time, I think it's the first 10 win season for Indiana ever in Football. Yeah. I think being nine and Oh, I think that was a record too for them. Did you see his daughter got engaged to after the game with a video board? The his future son-in-law said being with you is like being 10 and Oh every Day I'm undefeated. Yeah. In Life. Yeah. I don't know what his plan was if they lost to Michigan. Be like being with you is like being nine and one in a really good season. Yeah. Best Indian, you're nine and nine A one. Yeah. And they have their big game against Ohio State coming up, which will be another noon game.


That's the big controversy. Big noon kickoff. Ohio State's finishing the season with all six straight noon kickoffs. Can We talk about big noon Saturday real quick? Yeah. But before we talk about it, I just wanna say this makes no sense and he seems like a really nice guy. It weirdly bothers me that Joel Klatts name isn't Joe Klatt. Joe Klatt. Yeah. He, I don't, I don't like that his name's Joel. I don't know Joel Klatt. Yeah. I I just, I it's just an extra l that I just don't really want to say Schrodinger's. Yeah. J do you guys, is that a crazy take? Kind of, yeah. Okay. I've never had a problem with, I've always had a problem with it. I don't know why Joel, Joel Klatt, like he's just a Joe Clat. Joe Klatt. I don't, I it just makes he, he's making me do more work.


Joke lat. Yeah. But he went on a big tangent being like, it's actually good. And it was essentially just saying it makes more money for Fox. Yeah. So that's the thing about Big Noon Saturday is it is entirely, it's a marketing gimmick that was designed, designed by Fox to try to create a window of college football that people are excited to see. Where there was not a window before. Correct. Where as in the past you had the, the three 30 on the East coast kickoffs, then you had the night games and those were like the two big windows and Fox has rights to TV games. So they said, why don't we just build an entire, an entirely new brand of appointment television around an early game. That's fine. I I, it's nice to have more like a full day of big college football games.


It's nice to have one game that you can circle in each window. If your house that has one tv, this is what I'm gonna be doing early in the day, this is what I'm gonna be doing as I take a nap in the afternoon. This is what I'm gonna be doing when I eat dinner and watch a big college football game at night. That's kind of nice. But to make all your, your most important matchups happen that early. It feels like it. There's a lot of people that don't like watching those. Number one, the fans that are going to the games. Yeah. Penn State, Ohio State should have been a night game. You don't have enough time to tailgate beforehand. You don't have enough time to get drunk enough to get a true home field advantage if you're at that game. And yeah, it, it, it feels, it feels more important when it's at night. And it is, I have been a critic of Gus Johnson just because he has had at times been, I've always, I've liked Gus Johnson, but there's been times where it's like a five yard out in West Lafayette at like 1105 and he says it's like winning the Super Bowl and it was a little too much.


But the reverse has happened and we've now killed Gus Johnson. I don't know if you could play that clip, but he was, he was dead on Saturday. Like the, the big noon kickoff has killed Gus Johnson. He has no life left to him. Can you play the audio of the, the scooping score? I don't know if you can Yeah. Play It some, sometimes it's just too early in the day to get screamed at by the announcer. But this was a scooping score. It was literally the Ohio State scored a touchdown. I know that the game was over and they were killing Purdue, but it was, it was insane. Oh, this is the other one he had, he had two. This is another touchdown. This is the first quarter Hard line.


Howard sets up backside looks, dumps it down, has a wide open receiver. G Scott touchdown. Buckeye. He's trying find the scooping score. He's trying not to wake up The baby. The scooping score was even worse. It was, it was so bad because he, he just, yeah. He's got no life left to him. All right, here's the scooping score First down to the 25 4 Purdue and a fumble on the play. Ohio State is there, they pick it up and run it in for a touchdown. I people aren't watching this. They're, they're obviously only listening. We're not gonna be able to put the video in. That was a, I know the Ohio State was up 31.


Nothing that was a fumble recovery for a touchdown. It sounds like. Either a man that has the under in that game or a guy that's doing a crossword puzzle as he's doing the play by play for it. But Big Noon kickoff is killed Gus Johnson. But we have it, we actually have the big game. Travis Hunter is playing Big Noon kickoff I believe this week in Colorado against Utah Boys. It's getting very serious because Miami losing Cam Ward, I don't wanna say eliminated from the Heisman, but that's a big blow. Well, Cam Ward, his, his case for being the Heisman Win winner was that he was able to bounce back from any sort of deficit. Correct. And just will his team to victory. And then when you don't do that, when, when the luck runs out, then kind of all the wind gets taken out of those sails.


Yeah. And then we have Dylan Gabriel, who's still lurking and Ashton Genti who's still lurking. Colorado has to win out. They have to win out and get to the Big 12 championship because I think that if you have a, a championship Saturday and Dylan Gabriel and Ashton Gente and Cam Warn are all playing and Travis Hunter isn't. I think we might be fucked. That might be a problem. I I'm actually going to stand up for Joe Klatt right now. Joe Klatt. So I'm gonna be on Joe Klatts side. Okay. Because he, he brought up a very interesting point about Travis Hunter when we talk about his snap count. Yeah. And I forget how many snaps he played this weekend. It was, it was, I know he scored a touchdown in his hundredth snap. Okay. So, and that was around the third quarter or so. So Joe Klatt pointed out that Travis Hunter actually played 170 snaps when you factor in the penalty plays Penalties.


Yeah. He actually played those plays. They happened. Yeah. Whether you like it or not that that existed in the time space continuum. That's great point. But just because there was a flag on the play, they don't count in the official stat sheet. At the end of the day, 170 snaps in insane. The interception that they had was incredible. Incredible. That should have counted, should have counted. We just gotta keep playing that interception over and over. That's His Heisman moment. That's his Heisman moment. Maybe the first player to ever have a Heisman moment that didn't count. That didn't count. Yeah. So that, that will be a big game Colorado. I I'm very nervous about the Kansas game. Kansas is playing a lot better. They're starting to cause chaos in the, in the Big 12. We also have, so the SEC credit to Ole Miss incredible performance against Georgia.


They, Georgia, Georgia, they were, their defensive line was so good and their defense as a whole was so good. You thought like, the way that game started, it was sack sack fumble for Jackson dart and he got hurt and you're like, oh, here we go. And then the Georgia scores on like the third play, here we go. This is gonna be a, a blowout. Their defense just kept him in that game. And Jackson Dart obviously gutted it out. Their backup two came in and did, had a really nice drive Ole misses. For real, for real. And we now have an SEC where there's three teams that are one loss teams. And then there's another, what, five teams that have two losses.


And the craziest thing about the SEC, this is how deep the SEC is South Carolina, who has three losses in the conference. I would take them over probably three or four of the teams that are that, that only have two losses. Well, definitely a and m. I'd take 'em over a and m I'd take 'em over to Mizzou, I'd take 'em, 'em over LSU because they should have won that game. They got screwed. And remember they kept, they almost beat Alabama like they were in that game. They didn't beat 'em, but they were in that game. So that's how deep the SEC is. And we are headed for a collision course where if Tennessee loses to Georgia, we're gonna have a whole mess everywhere. Yeah. Doomsday. Yeah. It's basically Tennessee losing New Georgia and Texas getting upset by Arkansas.


And it will be headed careening towards Doomsday. Yeah. There's gonna be some wild shit that plays out in the SECI. I don't know that obviously Ole Miss's defense played very well, but this is kind of a running theme with Georgia where their offense is not as good as it has fans. Carson Beck is. Carson Beck is, is not good. They Don't have the run game going. The offensive line doesn't look great. Carson Beck looks weird and also is not that great this year. Yeah. Ole Miss. Yeah. It's a big win for him. Huge. This is the one that Maine couldn't get and he got it. And The, the university has never had wins like this. Yeah. And they now, I think they won one time against the top three opponent or something like that in this like it's it's been a very long time.


Oh, actually no, it was, I know what it was. It was, it was our guy Chad Kelly. Yeah. First Alabama in 2014 or 15 or somewhere. Also Best wishes to swag Kelly. Yes. Had a brutal injury in the, the Gray Cup semi-finals. He was holding his own leg together with his hands. It's really Bad. That was tough. Really, really Bad. It was tough to see, But really, really bad. The, so the other SEC big matchup LS u's out. Brian Kelly, he's just such a loser. He's such a loser. Did you see the clip of him complaining to the refs about Alabama Blitzing eight with like 15 seconds left. LSU had their whole starters in, they were trying to score a touchdown and he, I can't believe you blitzed, I can't believe you complained to the refs about that.


He's just a loser, loser, loser. And it's just so perfect that Notre Dame is gonna go to the playoff and LSU is not, and like I wish they would just get rid of Brian Kelly because I wanna root for LSU again and I can't stand the guy. And Jalen Monroe is the most electric. I mean, he was just so, so every single time he, he gets into open space and he does that like running sideways thing. I don't know how the angles work. You're just dead to rights. If he's, if he's got a full, if he's got full steam, Who could have ever seen this coming? That that team was gonna try to beat LSU by having their quarterback run a lot on him. Yeah. Brian Kelly didn't see that coming. Brian Kelly Did not see that coming. And, and the, the fake mike on the sidelines was a disaster also.


I, I think that might be an indictment on Brian Kelly. Yeah. Because Brian Kelly, you have to be, you have to be smarter than that and stand up for yourself a little bit when it comes to endangering students to not look the other way when they're bringing a fucking live tiger onto the sidelines. That's facts. Just for your own brand. Yeah. You have to be like, not, we're not gonna do that again. It was a depressing fake Mike. He was, he was all doped up on Quaaludes passed out in a a, a glass like, I don't know if that was a cage. Omar Bradley, Right? Yeah. It was Omar Bradley. It was not Mike. The Tiger's name was Omar Bradley. And it came from a Tiger dealer who has had Omar Bradley escape twice from his cage. And Brian Kelly was like, fuck it.


Okay. Yeah. That sounds safe enough. We'll put him on the sideline. Bad Bad. O You think you think Coach O would ever allow a fake mike No. To be brought into the same Mike The Tiger lives, I think like 200 feet from the stadium. Correct. And you're going outta state to outsource a dangerous tiger with a history of prison breaks and you're bringing on to the sidelines. It Was, it was insane. LS u's changed. They're Down bad. I have two, two other shout outs I wanna give, I wanna give Drive of the week to Army. They had a drive against North Texas. 21 plays 94 yards, 13 minutes and 54 seconds off the clock. That's almost, I don't know how you could get more, That's a classic Army drive. That's an Insane drive On most of those plays.


They pretty much had three fullbacks on the field. Yeah. Yeah. Insane, insane drive. And then the crazy chaos game of the night that most people probably weren't watching because it's too ou is still technically in it. Titz said that afterwards. He is like, we're still in the playoff picture. 'cause they only have two losses. Mizou versus Oklahoma had back, it was Oklahoma was down seven. They scored with like a minute and a half left. Mizzou gets the ball, fumbles the ball. Oklahoma picks it up. Touchdown. So now they're up seven with a minute left. Mizzou then scores. Oklahoma gets the ball with 30 seconds left. They fumble and Mizzou gets a, a touchdown off the fumble. So he had two scooping scores in the last two minutes to basically swing the game.


Both teams were down seven and then Mizou ended up winning by seven. Yeah. I I thought the crazy game of the night though was BYU Utah. That was, yes. That was crazy. Because Utah, they won the game. Utah was just punishing him. Yeah. And BYU in the fourth quarter comes back. There's a lot of talk about the, the, was it defensive holding? It was holding on the outside. Yeah. And the camera angle that we have is bad. You can't see anything. It, It's also holding it, It also gives, but if you're not a fan of BYU, it gives you an opportunity to be like, this is bullshit. That clearly wasn't a hold because the camera angle is on the moon. But then you find out later that obviously there are fans in the, in the stands that are, are taping it themselves. Yeah. That have a better angle.


I think it probably was a hold. Yeah, I think so Too. I I think there was a lot of contact there, but there was enough. It was close enough where there was a ton of controversy at the end of it. And Utah felt like they had that in the bag. And that was just a crazy ending to it. The, the, I really enjoyed Terry McCauley rules official, maybe the most dunked on guy ever after this happened because he, he said, I'm gonna see if I can find it. He someone basically, he, he basically was like, it's a hold, it's always a hold. That's the correct call, you know? Yeah. Like the end of story. And someone, he said, I've looked at every pass play in the entire game.


Every complete route on the all 22. Nothing even remotely close to defensive holding occurred against either team. 'cause P Utah fans are like, you can't call that now. You know, like it's, it hasn't been called all night. And then a guy said, first of all, thanks for the retweet second. I find it hard to believe that you found the all 22 footage. Those are under tight lock and key in any program. Third, you clearly didn't examine the game. Definitely not in an hour. DBS and wide receivers are physical all night. Quit lying. And Terry McCauley just said, I have access to every camera angle of every game in college football within minutes of each play. That's Such a flash. And he also was like, it, do you realize that a football game takes, there's like 13 minutes of action and the all 22 has run, pass, split up. He's like, it it, it takes me 20 minutes to watch every pass.


So he doesn't watch the commercials? Is that what You're saying? No, he has the all 22. Yeah. All 22. Because he does, he still is the, I think he's replay guy for NBC. Yeah. So Just people being like you. There's no way you could have watched this. Like, I literally watched it all. I Need my replay officials and my rules experts to be Italian. Call me old school. Yeah. But I like a good Dean Blandino. I like a Gene Stato. Yeah. I like those kind of guys. Yeah. Terry McCauley seems a little too Irish to me to get it right. But he, Mike Pereira, you gotta have an Italian. Yeah. Memes is also talking back here about a, a timeout that they called. No, what what was that? Utah stadium is too loud.


Oh, so, so BYU snaps it in the end zone. They have a clear sack on 'em. Would've been a safety game over refs. Blow it dead. There was an inadvertent timeout that Utah was too loud and the refs got together and called a Timeout. Oh, that's bullshit. That is bullshit. Okay. I also had, I had Utah money line and I went to sleep thinking it was over. Okay. So that is bullshit. I did too. That is bullshit. Alright. Justice for Utah. BYU is going to lose a game. I'll say it right now. I'm gonna predict it. Not a crazy prediction. They might lose two games down the stretch. I'm gonna pull up their schedule real quick.


Isn't Utah, that's the, the school that has the nuclear reactor on campus, where a couple years ago after a bad loss, a student said that they were gonna go blow it up. Yeah. They were gonna detonate it. It's a good fan base. That's right. BYU has Kansas, who's playing really good ball right now at Arizona State, who's also playing really good ball. And Houston, who might be the turnaround team of the year. And the fact that they were like the worst team possible in September. And now they're very, very frisky. They're gonna lose at least one game. So I, it's been a great story. But BY u's been doing this living, you know, very, very dangerously for a while now. Okay. Anything else? I mean, the, the rankings, they're gonna come out with the ratings. We're taping this in in the afternoon, but I, there's nothing that can surprise me.


I do think they should put more credit on SMU. That's my big thing. And I don't, I mean, we'll see what the SEC still has to work itself out. 'cause you have Tennessee, Georgia coming up. You have Texas a and m Texas coming up. Like there's big Games. I wouldn't be surprised if Tennessee was able to beat Georgia. Yeah. 'cause Tennessee's, they're not a great team. I just don't know about, but Georgia's not a great team either. Georgia Georgia's offense is not that good. Tennessee's defense is pretty good. Yeah. No DE's defense's good. I just don't, I worry about Nico. Yeah. In, in a road environment. Okay, let's do Hot Seat Cool Throne. And then we got our interview with Julius Randall coming up.


Hot Seat. Cool Throne is brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram and tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt, five winners will be selected every Saturday until December 7th. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold, refreshing of Coors Light. Coors Light's, mountain cold refreshment, literally made to chill. Coors Light's cold lager cold filtered cold package. It says crisp and refreshing as the Rockies' perfect for a moment to unwind even the biggest rivals Agree when it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game. You choose Chill. And then reach for a Coors Light. It. Coors Light delivers straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Henry, My Hot Seat is hopefully Jake Paul. Oh, okay. He's fighting Mike Tyson this weekend, I think on Friday. I don't really care about it. I'm not gonna watch it. But they're, they have a Netflix show. I haven't watched that either, but I saw the clip where it was like a vintage Mike Tyson clip where it's him watching tv and Jake Paul's doing a press conference and he is like, sorry Mike, I'm gonna beat your ass. Whatever. And it's Mike Tyson. He's like, he's a, he's a na or he's a manmade killer. I forget Exactly what called natural born Killer. No, he is like, he's a manmade killer. Like he's a media decided he was a killer. He is like, I'm a natural born killer.


Oh, I love that. That's the difference. Like, it literally gives me goosebumps every time I watch it. It's vintage Mike Tyson. And I feel like these fights are always disappointing. And this one I still feel like it will be. But that quote got me fired up and I am hoping I go on social media and see him like, knock him the fuck out. Our good friend Tom Ferelli pointed out something to me via text last night, and it didn't dawn on me till he said that this is, this very well could just be Billy v Conseco. Yeah. So to me the, the whole buildup to this feels Like, yeah, it's Billy v Conseco Feels like this is boomer porn where you see, watch This cl Can we pull up the Clip? Yeah. Because because think, think about it this way, you've got Mike Tyson, who's a legend and a lot of older people grew up watching be like, this man can kill anybody.


Which at the time is a hundred percent true. And then they naturally grow to hate the Paul Brothers because they're like emblematic of everything that millennials and Gen Zers are doing. And so you're like, my guy that I've loved is going to knock the fuck outta this young little pissant. And you have all this hope leading up to it to watch the younger generation get their like comeuppance. And at the end of the day, the older generation is also still very old. Yeah. And probably out of shape and probably not able to punch nearly as hard as they could. And it's just gonna be very, very disappointing to anybody over the age of like 40. It's, it'll be super disappointing. This this clip is probably propaganda and, but it will sell a lot of fights. But it is, it's, it's Billy versus Conseco.


Yeah. Where it's like the older guy, everyone's like, holy shit, he's gonna demolish him. This is gonna be like a bloodbath. How is this young guy even taking this fight and the older guy will most likely get hurt like 30 seconds in. Yeah. Billy did win though. It's true. Go ahead. Final thing. I presume that Mike Tyson is watching this right now. Is there anything you want to say to him? Mike, I love you, but this is my sport now to honor to get in the ring with you. I'm so, so honored. You're a legend, but I'm gonna take your throne, brother. There's a fundamental difference between me and Jake.


He, the manufactured killer television and paper made him a killer. He's manufactured. I'm a natural born killer between the, the difference. That's a great, that's a great clip. The only problem I have is it's Jake Paul saying, I'm gonna take your throne. Mike. Mike hasn't had the throne for 20 years. Yeah. Now what's the more Than 20 years? Like, been 30 years. What's The headgear? I don't know. Again, like, I'm not even gonna watch this fight. I just, and I don't think, I think it's gonna be Billy versus Conseco. Like if he But that clip, it will be like, it'll, that'll be on a rap song that will be a great rap song. Like that is a great quote of just like, it it does give you goosebumps of like Yeah.


But he Should have called out Tyson Fury. Yeah. No, he's not. He's a natural born killer. He was a natural born killer. Like he's a natural born killer. He's just old. He did, Mike Tyson did say something like, I Iron Mike has come back and I, I can't control him when he comes back. Which that's also scary for other reasons. Okay. Good. Hot Seat. And then Mike Cool Throne in the Nebraska Cornhuskers. Yeah. Dana. Yeah. Dana Holon will serve as the Nebraska offensive coordinator. Virtuous C and I think for the rest of the season Yeah. That there's bullshit. 'cause Wisconsin plays him next week. Oh no. Yeah. They, I mean, he's gonna fix their offense. No doubt. No doubt about it. I love It. I love it. Yeah. Our guy Dana, your best friend.


My best friend. Yeah. I'm happy for him. Yeah. You had another cool zone. Yeah. PMT documentary episode two drops Wednesday night. Okay, so today, yeah, tonight, Tonight. This is How we promo we fall. We Finally figured Out The promo of Barcel Vanta. Love it. Well, no, I don't love it actually. No, I do love it. Episode one was very, very good. Yeah, This one's good happen. You Know what, I love it because I wouldn't, we would've, this podcast wouldn't bere towards year nine if we had kept that Show. There's more, there's more, there's more juicy stuff too. There's more. I think the episode one was good, but it was all relatively known. There's, there's more, there's more, there's more details with This one. Okay. Yeah. That was the best thing that's ever happened to us By far.


It sucked in the moment. It was a very bad feeling when it happened. But looking back on it, God damn, I'm so happy I didn't have to work. I Just remember getting, when it got canceled, we got, I got so high that I got trapped in a Call of Duty commercial. It was like one of those, when the New Call of Duty came out and they did like the three minute commercials and I was so high sitting on my couch trying to like numb away being canceled. And I was just like, the commercial got like two minutes in. I was like, wait, did I change the channel? Where the fuck am I right now? I, I remember what happened right after it was canceled. You know how we dealt with her misery? You guys are Spoiling on the dock. Oh, okay. All okay. Well, in Dock. You don't have to tune in. Find Out the doc that, did I say the Call of Duty thing? Oh shit, my bad. Did I say where we went right afterwards?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. All Right. Tune into the dock. No spoilers. Good job, but A very own Brand. PFT. Your Hot Seat Cool. To run. My Hot Seat is cleanliness. Okay. Did you see the story about Syracuse head coach? Yes. So Syracuse head coach Fran Brown says that after losses, he doesn't allow himself to shower because only winners get soap. Or excuse me. Yeah. Winners get washed, winners get soap. I like that Afterwards, he just, he doesn't feel that he's entitled to shower because it, he doesn't deserve it after losing, basically saying you get a, a piece of dry like steel wool and you can spit on yourself. And that's the only way that you can wash. I, I like this.


I like this cinnamon. I, I, I kind of disagree though. Shouldn't you wash off a loss and keep the mo mojo going for a win? You Wanna around Don't ever change. What About the stink of losing? Yeah. You wanna wash it Off. You wanna to get that off. That doesn't motivate you. No, I want to keep the, I want to keep the win and never change anything. But if you were dirty, wouldn't you be more motivated to win so that you can shower? No. You maybe. No, I guess but I, I would, it's like a lucky pair of underwear or keep wearing it. You Keep going until Yeah. Like being clean, smelling good is the mark of a loser. Yeah. Right. Must a winner is just Yeah. Just rolling through it.


Your must should take over. He should try it both ways. Yeah. But he probably has, I remember there was a, a team, I think it was Derek Dooley when he coached at Tennessee and they were on a losing streak and he blamed it on the lack of shower discipline. Mm. On his players. So at practice he had them gather around and he had to show them how to wash their ass with a lofo. Ooh, here's where you put the soap. Here's how you, here are the hot zones that you have to get. Okay. That's, that's a mark of a loser head coach right there. Yes. Is when he's coaching, showering to the guys. Yes. But I still appreciate it from a football guy mentality. Yeah. No, I like that part to be like, I just, you should test it both ways though. I'm saying, But also for, I don't know if he extends that to the team or if it's That's just for himself. Yeah. If it's for himself. I love it. He's like, I won't allow myself to shower.


What? It happens if he loses before like a 10 day layoff over Christmas, just you're gonna have a smelly Christmas. That's bad. Yeah. Yeah. And then my Cool Throne is Stu Finer. Hmm. Our good friend Stu Finer tonight, Wednesday in Chicago at the Laugh Factory. Stu is doing a standup routine about his life. Oh no. I'm lucky enough to host it. Nick's gonna be there. Moog's gonna be, there is a 12 hour show. Chris show. They're, they're taping it for a special. So this is Stu Finders. Oh, he's doing a special, yeah. It's Stu Finder's doing a special tonight. Yeah. So he is gonna do a standup routine about his life. I think the rest of us, we might roast Stu with our time on stage, but Yeah. And that's gonna be a Five hour show. Yeah. It's never ending.


We'll see, That's gonna be a double double VHS Tickets are on sale right now. If you want to go to the stu Finer stand Special, there's the intermission and everything like that. I don't know. I don't know. It Has To be, listen, nobody can control what Stu does. That's So fast. I that what you just described sounds like you're, he's gonna be in like sixth grade, one hour in. Yeah. Yeah. It's, that's definitely a possibility. Yeah. But I'm excited about it. I'm excited to be there. That will be fun. Alright. My Hot Seat is cheap. Wedding guest. Did you guys see there was a viral post the other day? A woman said, we just got married yesterday. We spent $60,000 on our wedding with a guest count of 270. We worked our butts off and pushed so many bills, rent, et cetera, only taking out a loan of $4,000 for my mom.


And we received $3,000 in cash and checks total from cards we're freaking out. We thought we'd get more and the lowest card amount was $10. And this woman is basically like, we expected a lot more for all of our guests. And now we're fucked. I think that you need to just be friends with richer people. I also think that What would, what would your math tell you? 200, 200 guests? 70. Well, the only thing that I'd, I'd, I'd ask is if they had a registry. If they had a registry with like pots and pans, they fucked themselves. They should have just been like, registry is cash fund. Yeah. Right. I would've, I would expect for 270 people, I'm trying to do the math there.


Probably a lot of couples. I'm gonna say I would expect at least 10 grand. I see at least a hundred bucks is what you like. A hundred bucks is a typical, you know, depending on where you are in life, a a hundred bucks is, I feel like, is the minimum you give at a, a wedding. But see, is that not right? I, I don't know. Because the register place, it's per important part in it with the registry. Even if That's 27 grand, you know, If, if the average gift on the registry is between 50 and 150 bucks, you get people that spend a hundred bucks on a gift and then they don't necessarily put up nearly as much as they would have. That's What I'm saying. The registry is all, if there, if there was a registry, then they fucked themselves. If, If you're counting on this wedding to fund your honeymoon, then you just make a honeymoon fund instead of doing a registry at all.


Yeah. I'm saying minimums too. Like I've, I even when I didn't have money, it would be like 300, 500. Like if it's a close friend, that's what you do. Minimum is a hundred. You gotta pay for your meal and the drinks. That's kind of what it, you do it. $10 is the big, I would fucking send that back to the person. Also. 270 people is too big for a wedding. Yeah, Well that's too people. But they probably were like, we're gonna cash in. Yeah. Like that minimum. They should have had 10 grand. I actually think that's crazy. You Gotta get richer friends. That's, or these people are just shitty people. $10. What do you give max a hundred a person? Nah, I give more than that. Yeah. I look at that baller.


A a hundred a person is like very Long. That's what I'm saying. That's minimum. You're getting a full meal. A band, a full bar. Maybe it was cash bar. Cash bar. You give nothing. That's a good point. Yeah. Cash bar, you get nothing. That's A good point. Destination wedding Maybe could Have been a destination. I do like to go, when I go to weddings, I like to bring like a bunch of cash and not have signed the card yet. And I'll, I'll, I'll, my gift will be based on the time I had you Put the stack of cash on the table. Yeah. And you start removing It, it can fluctuate. Yeah. Based on the playlist. Bad dj. Yeah. How was the dinner? Was there multiple? What were the hor d'oeuvres? Like?


It's basically based off d hors d'oeuvres. A a lot of times these registries have the, the, the thing that you can just give money directly to there. Correct. It's like a Venmo. So there's no even excuse because you can just be like, oh shit, I forgot to get cash. Oh, whatever. I'll just, I'll just go onto the website. Donate there and then just write, write on the card. Yeah. Gift isn't, gift isn't on, on the website. This is insane. And then my Cool Throne is the A cup. 'cause it's back.


And we have an awesome promo going with DraftKings. We're gonna start doing our NBA cup picks. So people will be listening to this. Obviously the games happen, but going forward, we're gonna release it on all the socials on Tuesdays. So next week, look out for our picks on Tuesdays. You'll actually, if you're listening to this right now, you can go and look at, at our picks that we've already made on our socials and we'll look like idiots. But DraftKings has a great promo on the NBA cup. So check it out. And we're gonna be, we're gonna be getting in on the NBA cup this year. We're battling for the NBA Cup cup. Yes. We have the NBA cup cup here in the studio. Yeah, we do. It's sitting right over there. So we're gonna have some fun with that. And, and hopefully No, we're, we'll be bad. I'll be taking the Sixers plus three against the Knicks tonight, which is the biggest loser on the board. I I was gonna take the Sixers money line. Mm. But that's fine. You can take 'em against the spread. Love the NBA Cup. I'll take Yeah, I'll take the, I'll take the points for sure. Okay. Love the NBA cup. Oh, I'm gonna take, oh, I know it. This will, this will be very stupid when you're listening to this. I'm just gonna take every single Clay Thompson over. First time back in Golden State. Yep. He's gonna go nuts. Nuts.


Okay. Speaking of NBA, let's get to our interview with Julius Randall.


Before we get to Julius Randall, he's brought to you by the farmer's dog. Are great friends at the Farmer's dog. We all love our dogs. They complete us. And while we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to keep them happy and healthy, that's where the farmer's dog comes in. The Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food right to your door. It's developed by vets Nutritionally balanced, made from real meat, real veggies to the safety standards of human food. The farmer's dog isn't just fresh, higher quality food. They also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog based on their unique nutritional needs. Blake has been eating the farmer's dog pretty much ever since I got him. He's, he's enjoying the Turkey. He had the Turkey for breakfast this morning. He's gonna have some beef for dinner tonight. Stella has been the farmer's dog dog for years and she's living a happy, healthy, full life. And your dog can also maintain their ideal weight much easier when you use the Farmer's dog because they send the ingredients pre-portioned. You just cut the bag open, put it in their, in their dish, make sure that they're not overeating. They get good quality food to stay happy, stay healthy, and stay at their ideal weight. It's one of the biggest indicators of a full healthy life. Dogs at a Healthy Weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at the Farmer's dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/pmt, get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/pmt.


Julius Randall's also brought to you by Mountain Dew. You know what we all need to get more of. Offer ass with bold flavors and refreshing citrus Kick. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass and have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain. I love the code Red. Code Red is such a good flavor. Mountain Dew change the game when they introduce Code Red, the Baja Blast. Also a favorite of mine. When you're drinking Mountain Dew, you feel like you're on a mountain where the weather's always perfect. You friends are ready to hang. And a day of epic proportions. Awaits Mountain Dew is a great drink. We had it at summer camp this year at Camp Barsol. We were drinking Mountain Dew after we got off the obstacle course after we got done playing softball. Nothing hits, nothing's as refreshing as an ice cold Mountain Dew. After. Spend some time outside. If you're doing a Turkey bowl this year playing a little football, celebrate with some dew afterwards. The mountain's calling. You should answer. Grab your friends. Grab an ice cold Mountain Dew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold. And do the dew.


And now here's Julius Randall. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest in Studio three, time NBA Allstar two time first team. I wish How many time first team you hype me up though, please. Alright, two, three. Time Allstar. He's been in one of the all, all NBA teams at least twice. Twice. Yeah. We don't, it doesn't matter which one it is. Julius Randall from the Minnesota Timberwolves. Does that sound weird saying it because it's, it's still new, right? It is still very new. Yeah. So how, let's start with that. How is, how's the first month and a half that you've been on the Timberwolves and like, feeling everything out and, and Yeah.


I mean it's, it's gotta be weird. Yeah. It's, it's definitely new, you know, especially when you've been somewhere for five years. I was like at a mall with my wife and lady comes up to me and she is like, you must play basketball. Who you play for? And I'm like, the N I'm Timberwolves. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? So it was like one of those situations. But it's been great, man. I'm loving it. Yeah. To be Honest. Yeah. Yeah. And it, I mean, you got traded like late, like right before the season. Is that especially weird not having a, like, training camp and, and everything with your new team? You're just like, all right, now I'm on this team. Yeah, man. 'cause it's like, at that point you think like, if anything happens, it'll be during the year, you know, right before the trade deadline.


So, you know, for it to happen like two days before whatever training camp was, was kind of crazy. 'cause you know, it was more, the basketball part is easy, but like adjusting and moving a family. Like my son had just started school. He was in school for a little bit. So like, that was probably like the hardest part, just getting adjusted. But, you know, it's cool. Now we good. Yeah. Yeah. How, how long did it take you to get used to the business of the NBA? I understand that sometimes things happen to you not because it's like them maybe, maybe you still feel like upset if you get traded. You're like, man, I, I I don't feel like they really appreciate me if they're willing to trade me away, but I feel like a lot of players that, that have been in your position at some point you, you kind of figure out that it's not personal.


Yeah. I got used to it. I mean, pretty quickly. I think maybe my first wake up call was with the Lakers. Yeah. And you know, LeBron was coming to town. They was like, well, LeBron's coming. So yeah. You know, you gotta, you gotta, you know, figure it out. You know? And that's how I ended up in New Orleans for a year. But I mean, that was probably like my first time. And then from then on it's just been like, you know, the business is, is it is what it is and you kind of gotta, you know, roll with it and adjust. Yeah. I I think you were also unlucky your first time because they had to like, renounce you. They had to use the word renou. Nobody likes to be renounced. Yeah. That's a fucked up way to put it.


Yeah. I mean, to be fun, to be honest though, like I asked for that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I Please renounce me. Yeah. 'cause I was, it, it was a situation where I was young in my career and you know, I, you know, I was coming off a pretty decent year with the Lakers and I just kind of wanted to continue to grow. So, you know, the bus family, I had a great relationship with them and you know, they helped me get to, you know, a good situation with that. Yeah. Yeah. I thinking in Minnesota it's also a compliment. Like they wanted you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Like especially, you know, in, in these situations, you know, I've, I'm pretty secure in who I am as a player, you know, at this point in my career. And, you know, the shock, obviously it was a shock at first just with everything.


But from like day one, like the moment that I got traded, I already knew Fiche because I had played for him in New Orleans. So from a basketball standpoint, like when it happened, I'm like, well, I really wanna play for fiche. Like, I'm, I'm excited about that, you know what I mean? But like the organization like Tim, Matt and Dale, like aro, like all those guys like called me and were just telling me how excited they were for me to be there. You know, how much they wanted me, you know, how long they were working on a tray, all those different type of things. And you know, after I got over the initial shock, it was like, alright man, I'm, I'm somewhere where I want it.


I'm wanted Yeah. Yeah. You know, appreciated the value. So like, you know, just took a little bit to like, change my perspective and look at it differently. But once I was able to do that, like I was felt extremely comfortable just being there. Was It, was there a part of you like, oh, I get out of t practices now? I mean, there has to have been and I, I'm, I'm a tips guy. But you know what's Funny? Everyone says the practices are Brutal. Yeah. You Know what's funny, man? I'm, I like, we have these conversations like all the time, like in the locker room and I'm like, I'm like, aunt man, what kind of practice this going to be today? And he like, man, we just might watch film and da da da Da. I'm like, word. Okay, bet.


Like, I get excited, you know what I mean? Yeah. I get a little pep bus up, So, you know what I mean? It's, it's you like, you bet you're somewhere for such a long time and like, I appreciate Tibs. Yeah. It's like TBS is like a coach that's gonna have you every game super prepared. Like, you not gonna miss a beat on anything that's gonna go on. But also, you know, here, like it is different. Like Fitch has us prepared, but we're also like empowered Yeah. As players to, you know, be adults. Yeah. To be professional and, and you know, come in every day, do our job and you know, he trusts us with that responsibility. So like it's, it is very empowering as a player. And it feels like everyone who has played for Tibs, like, they'll be like, yeah, the practices are brutal.


He grind you hard, but he also brings the most out of you. Yeah. Because like, you had your, your best year, you know, whatever. It was probably his second year I think in New York. Like that's, and like we've had Joe, Kim, Noah on here. He is like, yeah, if I Tibs was a, a real motherfucker, but like, if I didn't have him, I wouldn't have gotten the best outta my Ability. Yeah. I mean, like at, at that point in my career, like Tibs was the perfect coach for me. You know what I mean? He got the most outta me. He pushed me, you know, he gave me ample opportunity, you know, to grow as a player. So like, I appreciate him. Yeah. You know, for what he was and, and you know, what he meant to my career during that time. Yeah. Did You ever think about going back to school and like getting a master's degree from Villanova so that you could fit in?


Hell no. You fit in with all the guys. Absolutely not. I, I think I chose the right Wildcat. Yeah. Yeah. What, so wait, so what did Dante say to Tibs? Oh, you know, I'll Just, I'll lead at to Tay. Okay. Okay. I'll let Tay we'll Have to have him on. Just ta tell us what he said. Yeah. We'll see. But that Was fun for a preseason Game. It was a lot of, it was a lot of energy. It was a lot of energy. It was a lot going on that night. Yeah. I, yeah, for sure. Yeah. So you're, you know, your time in Kentucky Cal, like, that was when Kentucky was rolling. You guys go to the championship game? I, I'm, I went to Wisconsin so I was actually sitting like, Oh, we played you guys.


I was sitting like maybe 20 feet from, what was it? One of the Harrisons hit that three. Yep. That destroyed me. Yeah. Was there ever a moment during that game you're like, we can't lose to these white guys? You know, I feel like that happens. I know what's crazy is like, that was like, once we got through Wisconsin, I was like, oh, we got it. Yeah. You didn't like, because like Exactly, because I'm like, man, like Wisconsin was our hardest game of the tournament by far. Like, I'm like, bro, these dudes use 35 seconds of every single shot block. Yep. Yep. Like super disciplined. Like they're not gonna beat themselves. Like, so it was like one of those games and like, it was like one of those games too, like the whole time it was like, we never felt like we had any momentum.


Yeah. Until obviously Aaron hit that shot. And then like, once we did that we're like, man, like we got this. Like, you come like, we thinking like, no disrespect to them, but we are like, man, this is, you know, ours. And like you said, it wasn't, Yeah. It wasn't so, so what, I mean, what kind of coach was Cal? 'cause I feel like he gets a, not a bad rap, but he obviously, like, there's a lot of times, especially his end of Kentucky, where it's like they weren't winning as much in the tournament and he was talking about his draft picks and everyone's making jokes, but like, he seems like a guy who every player loves. Yeah. It is funny. 'cause we, it doesn't matter. Like who, like, I remember when I first got to Kentucky and DeMarcus and like AD and those guys, they had came back and they were like, man, this motherfucker's crazy.


Like, you know, I should have been a number one pit, like just messing with, I should have been a number one pit. Cal held me back. Cal hell me back man. Like da da da. Right. And like, we always give him a hard time and it doesn't matter if it's him or like, I'm talking to Rob who was just there last year And we like, man, we hated Kyle when we were at Kentucky. Yeah. Coached us hard. Like, you know, he's, he's a tough coach. Like he's gonna be on your ass. Yeah. And he's like one of those type of dudes. And then like everybody has the same story. Like when you leave you love Cal. Yeah. Like, everybody loves Cal and like, man Cal, just forget like the coaching, just like as a human being and like who he is to his core.


Like he's done things for me and my family after I've left Kentucky that like will be good with me forever. Yeah. I'll do anything for Kyle. Yeah. You know what I mean? And like, after I got traded, he was one of the first people that called me. Yeah. Just to check in on me and see how I'm feeling. Like, you know, so he's that type of person that really cares about the person, you Know what I mean? Yeah. It also is cool. I feel like Kentucky is one of those schools because they don't have an NBA team in Kentucky. Like all Kentucky fans root for Kentucky players for the rest of their career. Yeah. Like in the NBA. Like they're all, do you notice that? Will you go and like see, you know, Kentucky fans at random arenas like cheering you on? Yeah, absolutely. It was, well I just saw a Kentucky fans somewhere in Randall.


Yeah. Like maybe in Min Minnesota. I don't know where I saw 'em, but like, like I'll see 'em like on vacation. Like if I'm in vacation on vacation somewhere and they're like, man, we Big Blue Nation. Like they'll say that like Big Blue Nation or whatever it is. And I'm like, like, you know what I mean? So like you're really tied in for forever when it comes to Kentucky. Yeah. Very cool. Yeah. What was the sales pitch like to get you to go? There was Cal like, I will make you rich beyond your Yeah. And, And then you'll get drafted to the NBA and make more money. Yeah. Yeah. Well there you go. No, I mean, to be honest it was, it was two things. It was like, I wanna win, you know? 'cause for me the national championship was in Dallas.


It was in my hometown. So it was that and then it was like, you are gonna be outta here in eight months. Right? Yeah. Right. You know, I mean like, I'm not gonna keep you here like type thing. So like, it was those two things. And then like, just visiting, I'm a basketball guy, like at, you know, to my, to my core and my heart and like visiting, like, it was probably only one of the place that I really visited. And I was like, man, this place is like crazy. Which was Kansas like, what was it? What's the arena? Lawrence Fog? Yeah. Fog Island. Fog Island. Yeah. Like, whatever it is. Like that arena was crazy. And like Kentucky, I was like, man, I get to play in front 20,000 every single night. Like yeah.


There's nothing better than that. So obviously going to Kentucky, you, you're like a five star recruit coming outta high school. What was the point growing up that you're like, oh shit, I'm, I'm different than everyone else. Like I'm, this is, I'm so much better than everyone else. Like 11 years old. That's Awesome. Were you just just dominating everyone at 11? Yeah. I think like What was your stat lines in 11? Shut up. I mean, it was my mom to be honest. 'cause my mom, she like for every, like growing up I was always bigger than everybody and she always made me play like a grade up, two grades up, three grades up. So like, I'm playing against older kids and I'm like, I'm okay, but I'm not like that good.


And then I played my first grade, my first first time I played my grade was like 10, 11 years old. And I was like, what the hell? It's on easy mode. I was like, man, this is like the easiest thing ever. Like I couldn't believe it. Like I was bigger, faster, stronger than everybody, but I was just more skilled 'cause I was playing up Yeah. In, in advance. So it was like, that was like a aha moment. I just kind of never looked back from there. What was your, what was your, what was your, your best high school game? Did you, do you remember like one that you like put in an insane amount of points? I just love thinking about like, because anyone who obviously in the NBA, they've just been so much better than everyone for such a long time.


It's gotta be, yeah. The best feeling I play, I mean, my high school, like, I like, like we were one of the best teams like in the country. Like during my time there, I had like 50 in like three quarters or something like that. That's pretty good. Yeah. It's got, was it fun? I Like 20 shots. Yeah. Fun. It's gotta be the most fun. Yeah. Fun. It was a lot. Always. The high school's probably like the most fun ever for basketball. Dominating everyone. Yeah. I, I read a story that when you were playing a a UI don't know if you were 11 or 12, but you, your team was so good that you guys flew private. I don't know if it was 'cause we were so good, but Yeah, we did. That was, that was the first time I played my grade though.


Yeah. So it was like a funny, basically how the story was, is like, I played up until this team called the Texas Titan started the guy shout out to the trout family. Amazing, amazing family that took care of a lot of people. But the dad, he was starting a team for his son. Dad was a billionaire, starting a team for his son and basically was his son was my age. He had two sons. He had one my age and one like maybe two years younger than me or whatever. And he was basically starting a team for his son. And you know, people who played on the team, we, we were flying like the Mavericks plane.


That's incredible. Like growing up as kids, you know. But he was, the bigger thing was like in a a u like, you know, you had to pay for everything and you're outta pocket for everything. So like, being a single, my mom being a single parent, like I used to watch her struggle to like take me to tournaments across the country and drive and all the different type of stuff. And he took care of everything. So like, he took care, like obviously we were flying private, but like hotels, like parents, everything was there. So it was just like, I'm dominating my age group and I'm flying everywhere. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, it was, it was the craziest experience of my life. That does sound like the best. Yeah. And then, and then you have to, you go to high school, which I was high school, that was a different team from the a a u team, right?


Yeah. So you have to play for your high school team. You don't fly anywhere. Yeah. We, I mean we flew, but we flew American Airlines. We were spirit and actually it might've been Southwest, but yeah, we, it was a different kind of travel for sure. Yeah. But I mean, at the end of the day, the fact that your travel was taking care of it allowed a lot of people to play against competition that they wouldn't get to play against otherwise. Right. It Was crazy, man. Like, it was, it was like, like I couldn't, like, I don't even really know how to explain it, but like, as a kid, like I, it was insane. Like, it was like the most fun time of my life. Yeah. Like all you look forward to is like, alright.


Even like when the summer would end, like AAU season would be over with and school would start. And like, you know, basketball season probably wouldn't start again until November or December. Like, that's all you look forward to. Because like, I'm playing with my best friends, were traveling across the country like rock stars, like everywhere. You know what I mean? Playing against the best teams, killing like, you know, winning tournaments all over the country, like exposure, all this different type of stuff. Visiting different cities as a kid. Like it's, it's, it was insane. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it was just like my experience growing up, you know, compared to what I was used to like, and then to get that experience, like man, it was like, you know, exposure is everything and the opportunity is everything.


And for me to be able to like, see that at such a young age, that's why like I bring my son, my, my oldest son. Like, I've always brought him with me like everywhere to like games and stuff. 'cause it's like the exposure just to be able to see like what's possible Yeah. Was like huge for me. Yeah. You know what I mean? So like, to see that at a young age, it was like, even like then, like we used to go to, he had like four seats at the Mavericks games and like, he used to bring us to the Mavericks games And we were like kids sitting courtside in Mavericks games. And like Kobe was my favorite player. Yeah. So like, I gotta see Kobe at a young age. Like, and just to see that like, it was like seeing Jesus. Like, you know what I mean? So it was, it was crazy.


You know, and I think that had a lot to do, you know, with my growth then, you know, where I am today. Visualizing it. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's huge. So you mentioned Kobe, you, you get drafted by the Lakers Kobe's at the end of his career. Does, is he still psycho Kobe in terms of his workouts and everything? Is there a story you Yeah. Yeah. Like we've, I we've heard 'em all, but what was the one where you're like, oh man, this guy is different. I would just say like, me going to his, like, he would work out obviously crazy early, like five o'clock in the morning, whatever it is, six o'clock.


And just like, I probably told this story before, but just like, I've never been to a workout where I go first off at six o'clock, five o'clock in the morning And we do defense for two hours. So you don't even dribble a basketball. We Would have days where we would not dribble a basketball. Oh my God. That's like Hoosiers. Yeah. For two hours, two and a half hours. Like, and he was so technical, like, like no, you can't slide that way. Like you can't move your feet. Like, but literally you think I'm exaggerating. We would do defense early in the morning for like two hours and I'm just like, this dude's insane. Yeah. He's insane. Like it was, and it was just his mentality. It was just different. Like Yeah.


And that's crazy to consi. Like that's the end of, you know, his career. That was the end. Like when he is in his Thirties, I couldn't imagine what he was like at 2025. Yeah. Early th like, What was he, every practice, was it just full on like, this is, this is the most important game? No. Oh, okay. No, he was like, 'cause he was, he was at the end. Yeah. At that point, his body end, like he was injured a lot during that time, so his body wasn't holding up. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it was like, it got to the point like if we saw Kobe at practice, we like, oh my gosh. Like Kobe's here. Yeah. Type thing. That's why you saw that whole viral clip of him going like in on like Jeremy Lynn and Nick Young when they were fighting the whole practice clip where they were fighting.


Yeah. It was 'cause like people were joking. They were like, man, Kobe is here. Like, we can't like believe it, like sarcastic. And he just kicked everybody's ass. Did he make you play him one-on-one? Yes. Did you ever beat him? Absolutely not. Absolutely. But that was like the thing too. It was like when I played him like one on one and like, I love that. Like, I wanted to compete like, so like as a young player, I'm a rookie. I'm getting there early and you know, I'm thinking I'm, you know, doing what I'm supposed to do as a young player, getting there early. And he was already there like working out full sweat. So like, I'm walking onto the court and he's like, Jude, come play 1 0 1. And yeah, like, I thought I was gonna get him like, in my mind I'm like, I'm, and then he just, he flipped the switch and it was, yeah, it was curtains.


Yeah. Crafty. Yeah. Yeah. That, that must have been a, a crazy experience though, going from like watching him courtside when you were a little kid. It was insane. Now are You able to go hard? Are you able to like, play as hard as you want to against the guy that you've looked up to for that long? Yeah, absolutely. It was just like, like it was like one of those moments like, you know, you meet your idol, not only do you meet your idol, but you're playing on the same team as your idol. And you know, it took a while to process. You know what I mean? 'cause you're just, it's like you watching every single thing he does. Yeah. I know this might be a dumb question, but I'm curious whenever I talk to an NBA player to know how you come up with new moves for yourself.


Mm. Like how you put wrinkles in your game. Is it, is it something where you spend most of your time or if you're watching like somebody else, you pick up things here and there? Or do you have to get in like a creative mindset to figure something out? I think it's like maybe two things. I think like one that one is like, you have like a game that you do like, or like a, like whatever your go-to is or what you feel comfortable doing. And you just kind of build up off of that. And then like, so like you might add, like I always got that from Kobe. Like, you don't have to add like 10 things to your game. Add one or two things, you know what I mean? If it's a, you know, you gotta step back, add a, add a pump, fake step through to it or whatever it is.


So like you have that and then like, it's like little crafty things too. Like, like one year I added, like they took it out the game, but I used to have like the off arm sweep through that I had. Or like, now you have to have two hands on it, you know what I mean? So like little crafty things where you learn how to like draw fouls or, you know, learn how to just kind of like manipulate the defense and stuff like that. So like, it's one you add to like the base of what you already do. And then others just like little crafty things that I might see a player do and like, man, I like that. Let me try that out. Yeah. You know? When did you know that you were awesome at Spin moves?


Because that's like, when I think of Julius Randall, it's like the spin move, you know? When was that? I don't know. I feel like it's always been like, It's just natural. Yeah. Natural. Yeah. I think's a move. I think it's always been a part of me. Yeah. Do you, so I, I looked up the on Pro basketball reference. They have all your nicknames. I wanna know how many of these actually people have ever called you? They have Big Jew, king, Julius, Don Julio, Don Julio. Don Julio. Okay. I didn't know if it was, I didn't know if it was Don Julio because it's Julius Orange. Julius, never People have called me that, but that's not like a real, Yeah. Okay. And then Bay Blade.


Bay Blade. Yeah. I think that was like, That's 'cause of the spin. Yeah. Yeah. That's an awesome nickname. I had to look up what Bay Blades were. Yeah, it's like, it's like a, it's like a Japanese animation Fitter Yeah. Rock. And they spin around. Yeah. That's an awesome nickname. Yeah, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I, if I somebody spinning yelling big Jew at you, I would just be like, I don't know if I, yeah, that one's a Little, I actually, yeah, I got big, I got Big Jew. That was a nickname I got when I first got to Minnesota too. Okay. Who gave you that? Free. Okay. Yeah. How, how is it like, you obviously saw Anthony Edwards last year in the playoffs and everything.


When you get to like, play with him, he, he does feel like a guy who just makes everyone better and like the confidence that he has. Is that, is that accurate? Yeah, he's different. Yeah, he's very different. Like obviously like confidence wise he got the ultimate belief in himself. Yeah. Like he thinks he can do anything out there. He really like, it looks like he can. Yeah. You know what I mean? So he got the ultimate like confidence and belief in himself. And that's like contagious. Yeah. Yeah. I saw like, what was it the other night? He scored like 27 in the first. Was that him? Yeah. Yeah. And like the first like quarter or like a little bit more. Yeah. He's like, he goes unconscious out there.


Yeah. Dude. When that happens, are you just like, I'm getting out the way, like just get him the ball. It's Yeah. Get find like, find a way to get him the ball. Yeah. Like it's like one of those type of things like when a guy like that gets on the roll, like first off, like going into a game, you want to try to bring that out of him, you know, as much as you can. You know what I mean? So for me it's like, how can I get him easy looks to really get him going? Yeah. And then like once he's gone like that, man, it's like just keep feeding the high hand. 'cause he draws so much attention. It just makes the game easy for everybody. Yeah. I would get caught watching his dunks if I was on his team. Yeah, for sure. I forget to get back knocked He shoot, he ain't trying to dunk right now. He's shooting that thing right now. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's so much fun to watch and yeah, He's a lot of fun. I, I tell he gets Locked in, it's like, can't do it.


Yeah. And I've never seen, like, from an athlete like perspective, I've never, it is different playing against him. 'cause you only play against him. Like for me it was like once or twice a year, you know what I mean? But now it's like, I see it every night and I've never seen an athlete like that. Yeah. Be able to like, move the way he does. Cover ground, like get downhill to be able to cut and just maneuvering. He's not like a little guy. He is a big dude. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it's just like, for him to move at his size the way he does, it's like it's special. And he covers a lot of ground. Yes. He has what, three or four more years of him and then he is going to the NFL, right? Yeah. He's Going to the NFL. Are you a Cowboys fan?


Yes. Oh no. What's it like being a Cowboys fan? It's bad Because we, we talk about Cowboys fans, we Talk about, You talk about Cowboys. What you saying about Cowboys fans? Well, We talked so much shit. Well actually no. We had, we Had Skip Ellis on, we Had Skip Ellis on And we also had Dak ranked as the 17th Best quarterback in the NFL this year. Accurate? No, We, we, we definitely, I mean, it's fun to shit on the Cowboys that they're kind of that brand, you know what I mean? It's like the Yankees, it's the Cowboys. Yeah. The Lakers. Like that's the Knicks. Yeah. Yeah. The Knicks. So, I mean, are you ever gonna win again because you're not old enough to remember the Super Bowls? You know what's crazy? Like I, I used to go to Dionne's house as a kid.


Really? Yeah. I played basketball on us, on the same basketball team as his son. Basketball. No way. Put me in crazy circle. That's Nuts. Yeah, we are. I mean, we're big Dionne fans. He used to work here, so Yeah. I used to go to his house all the time. That's Crazy. Bucky on Bucky Dion the junior. Yeah. Yeah. I used to. So like, yeah, you're right. I'm not old enough, but like my mom, she gives me hell about it. 'cause she's like, so what y'all gonna do this year? Wait, well, who's she a fan of? She's not a fan of anybody. Oh, She just trolls you. I love that. She I love That I'm a fan of your mom. Yeah. Yeah. So she used to say that all the time. I'm like, we winning it. We winning it all this year. What happened? And then it would happen.


Like what would happen is the Cowboys would be the Cowboys. Yeah. And she's like, what's going on? Like, you know what I mean? So like, she would troll me all the time. And now it's to the point where I'm at of age where I'm like, okay, this is what it's like to be a Cowboys fan. But now I've made my son a Cowboys fan. Oh, did he pass along? Yes. And he lives and dies by every game. Oh, that's No Cruelty and then, huh? It's cruelty. It is. It is. And then my wife was recording the other day 'cause we were watching, I don't know who they were playing. And he was like, man, we suck. I was like, yep. That's what it feels like. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean that's, I I have three kids and I, they're Bears fans and I, I had to teach them what tanking was last year.


And that's a real humbling thing to explain to your kid that like losing is actually winning. Yeah. And that's, they like repeated it back to me. I was like, well only when we're talking about the Bears not like in life. That's complicated. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's like, no, it's good that we lost. It's like, ta I don't need, I shouldn't teach this lesson. Did you ever feel like as a Cowboys fan, you should go to Duke instead of Kentucky? Never. No. Did you get recruited By Cowboys? Duke and Lakers? Yeah. Yeah. I did get recruited by Duke. So what I You were like Coach K Not for me. Good man. I actually, I was, I probably, I'm not in that, but No, No. I'm saying I hate Coach K, Go ahead. No, I, I love Duke.


I love Coach K. Nah. But it was just like, I wanted to play for Cal. Yeah. Like, I wanted to go to Kentucky. I wanted to play for Cal, you know what I mean? So it was like, and Kentucky was like the cool thing. Yeah. I mean like, I grew up like, I think my freshman year, that's when I knew I wanted to go to Kentucky. Yeah. Seeing John Wall and all those guys and stuff like that. It was like, it was nothing like it, but like being around like Coach K and just like, he was coaching an Olympic team and stuff like that. So it was like, it just Duke, I didn't feel like I fit like Duke culture. Yeah. Were you About to say like, I went to Kentucky, big state school, lot of people there.


Great student fan base. And then I went to Duke smaller school I visited. Not A of nerd, not a lot of Cool people to be around. Yeah. From the opposite sex there It was. Yeah. I met my wife at Kentucky. So There you, there you go. You smart move. Wait, when did you start getting recruited by like, these big schools? At what age? Like my freshman year. That's crazy. Yeah. That's gotta be kind of like a, a mind fuck to be like you're, you know, 14 years old and you've got D one major D one programs hitting you up. Yeah. I mean I really truthfully always wanted to go to Texas, like growing up in Dallas. Yeah. Like, I grew up a, a Texas football fan. Texas basketball, senior kd, they just like, were on like the down Yeah.


Side. Like as I was getting older. But like, I played with a guy, Zach Peters, who's an amazing player, and he was going to Kansas. So like we already had like a bunch of coaches coming in and, and watching ah, and like they saw me and from there it kind of just took off. Oh. So they would come see him and they'd be like, wait, who's that freshman? Yeah. That's pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I know that you, you, when you were recovering from an injury a little bit ago, you spent so much time off your feet that you actually got better at basketball 'cause you were studying it, it made you study. Yeah. You got all that screen time in because you couldn't walk around because I, I did read that you, you were forced to work on the mental aspect of the game more.


Yeah. Because you couldn't do the physical stuff. Yeah. So what, what did you improve just by not having to be practicing all the time? I mean, that's like, been the great part of like, what's been unfortunate the past two or so years. Like getting hurt at the end of two years ago and then last year, you know, dislocating my shoulder, which last year I was more prepared for than I was the year before. But like, sometimes you just gotta slow down man. Like to, to catch up, to improve, you know what I mean? So you get so caught in, you know, the cycle of, for me it's like season ends, I train, you know what I mean? I don't take much time off to reflect to really, you know, you know, break things down.


And for me it was like, once I had like my ankle surgery, it was for me it was like, I can't do anything. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it was like, well, how am I gonna improve? You know what I mean? 'cause that's always been my biggest thing is like, I take pride in getting better every off season. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it was like, well, I gotta figure out a way to get better, you know, without physically being able to, to go and work out. And for me it was like, I've always, for like the past like five years really worked on the mental side of things. So it was like I took that up a different level and then like, just studying the game, you know what I mean? Just, it's like, like the Kobe, you know, how aspect of what he's passed down to me, you know, of just how detailed he was, just how obsessive he was on like improvement.


It was like, all right, well this is taken from me. Well how can I, you know, work away around that. Yeah. And you know, for me that was basically what it was. You know what I mean? So I just broke the game down. Study players that I like and, you know, figure out how I can add to my game and, and get better. Was it, was it frustrating the, the playoffs two years ago when you're, you were playing like very banged up and you had a ton of injuries and you, you know, you struggled at times. Like, was it frustrating having the fans be like, oh, why is he playing better? It's like, dude, I'm, I'm, I have so many injuries right now and I'm out here battling because that would, that would drive me nuts where I would just, I would just complain about my injuries so much that everyone would be like, all right, stop complaining about the injuries.


Yeah. I mean, credit To you for not doing that for Me, it's like one of those things. It's like if you out there, figure it out. Yeah. Like type thing. So it was like, it was more frustrating at the end of it where it was like, well, shit like that sucked. Like, we didn't win. And I'm like, banged up. Like, you know what I mean? So it was like, but like, I think for me it just built character. Yeah. Like, more than anything. And it was just like one of those situations where it's like, man, these things happen, but just learn, grow from it, come back, get better, like type thing. There's no point in me feeling sorry for myself. Like, nobody's gonna feel sorry for you. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it was just like, you know, get better. Get yourself some grace. How many, what, what injuries were you, did you have There?


I had, I had like a bad ankle injury. Yeah. That, Yeah. 'cause it was like your lift on your Yeah. You shot, like You could see it. I was going, see, I was going into games where I couldn't, like, I would be warming up like before the game and I'm just like, bro, I can't even move. Yeah. You know what I mean? Type thing. And that's a long story, but like, ended up, like right after the season, they're like, man, you need to get surgery. Yeah. Like type thing. So it was just like, all right, cool. Yeah. But it was, I mean, it was clear and you were battling through it, which you should get more credit for. Yeah. I mean, And we're not Knicks fans, so We'll give you credit. Yeah. I mean, it's a, it's a different beast when you're in New York. Yeah. It, they don't, they Don't care. It's say like, big time, if I tried to do this podcast and I had like a, a severe concussion during the podcast, that's all I would talk about.


Yeah. I would be like, Hey, listen, none of the shit that I'm saying right now should count against me because I'm banged up. Yeah. And I would just milk that. But I guess it's, yeah. Different mentality if you're a professional athlete. Yeah. It's, it is different. And it's just like, for me, I think it's like the Kobe spirit in me as well. Yeah. It was like, man, I've seen this dude battle through so much and just following him in his career and just knowing who he is as a human. So it was just like, man, if you can give your team anything, you know, go out there and give him whatever you can. You know, obviously, you know, you criticized all that different type of stuff. But like I said, man, I, I wouldn't change anything about it. What, what?


'cause we are fans and we're stupid. What do fans get wrong about the NBA? Like when they're watching it or like, they're just, it's like, that's not how it works or I, I think it's mo from my perspective, it's that I don't think anyone, I think the average fan doesn't realize how incredible you guys all are at basketball. Even like the last guy on the bench. Yeah. It's that. And I don't think they understand how hard it is to win. Okay. How, what do you mean? It is not an easy place? Like every night it is a, like, I don't care who it is you playing, like let alone win a championship. Right. But To go out every night and win games and play at a high level like that, that's, it's not easy.


Yeah. You know what I mean? It's like, and I say that 'cause I come from a pers perspective of like, I've been on bad teams and I've been on teams where it's not fun. Like, and you go into the arena knowing that you're out, man, outmatched. And like, you know, if you win, like it's like the biggest relief ever. You know what I mean? Because I've never grown up in my career losing games Yeah. Until I got into the NBA. Right. You know what I mean? And, and was in rebuilding. So it's like appreciating winning, like at a high level. Like, it, it's not easy to do. Wait, so in the NBA, when you've been on bad teams, do you guys still in the NBA do the thing that, like you do when you're growing up playing team sports and you look across to the other team, you're like, oh, we're fucked.


Nah. Okay. Nah, you don't do that. You don't do that. But it's like, you Count it, you're like, all right, they got that guy, that guy, that guy. And we got, oh shit. Yeah. Nah, you don't, you don't do that. Like, at least me personally, like you compete, you're a competitor. Yeah. At the end of the day. So like, I don't, I don't really do that, but like, I've been on teams where it's like, all right man. Like we didn't win a game in two weeks. Yeah. Like, we gotta figure out how to win a game. Yeah. Like type Thing. And you know, when you were growing up that every team you played did that for you, they were like, oh, we're fucked. Yes. I can guarantee we could go like, get kids from Texas that were in that same area at that time and be like, yeah. What was it like playing Julius friends and was like, yeah, we showed up And we were fucked.


You guys, you guys playing On a private jet, They just saw You. They just looked at you were like, shit. My mom said, not tonight. I remember that. I guess I remember That. Yeah. You could feel it. I'm sure you could. Yeah, for sure. Is there, is there a, like, if, if you're in the middle of a, a losing streak, if you're on a team that's not gonna compete for anything at the end of the season, it's a long season and it gets dragged out, is there a, a difference between like how to be a good teammate on a shitty team versus how to be a bad teammate on a shitty team? Like is can you pull together towards anything? If you're on a team that's that bad? Yeah, I think it's like all about environment. Like, and like coaching, like stuff like that.


You know what I mean? Because it's like you can lose games, but are you learning anything? You know what I mean? It's like, my biggest thing is like, like now it's like I'm even winning or I'm learning. You know? I'm never like losing anything. Like if we lose a game, I'm learning something, you know what I mean? If we're winning, I'm probably learning something, but it's like I'm winning or learning. So it's like I've been on bad teams where we were losing And we weren't learning shit. You know what I mean? And I've been on teams where we were losing And we were learning and then eventually we got better. You know what I mean? And like that team, like specifically, I remember the team when I was with the Lakers, like the last year, it was like me, Lonzo bi, like cos like we weren't a great team like to start with, but we started winning games because like, we just had a good environment, good coaching, you know what I mean?


Every day we were coming in, we were learning something. Yeah. And eventually we started to win games and learn how to win games. And now you're on a really good team. Yeah, I'm on a great team. Yeah. Really good team. Who, when you first got into the league, who was the one guy that you were like, oh man, he's way harder to defend than I ever imagined. Or like crafty or strength or LaMarcus ERs. Oh, Good answer. Yeah. Not a, not a crazy vertical for Marcus Soldier, but he was, But he knew how to get a bucket man. Yeah. And it was like very simple, but he knew how to like get buckets. He knew how to draw fouls. Like he was, and he was like, he was at the time, like when I came into the league where it was like the big man were like, it was like real still like big man.


Yeah. It was like still two true. Like, like your power four could be seven foot. You know what I mean? So it was like, it was still like that. And like you had like three out, two in Yeah. Like type thing. So it was like, he would get the ball on, was it that right block maybe, or whatever it was. And he would go to work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Very good. I've, I've always heard also Steven Adams is a crazy guy to go up against Strongest hell because he's Like the strongest he'll just to knock your ass over. Yeah. He was, he was, he was different too. Yeah. What about the first time you you saw Weby? It was crazy man. Yeah. Was at a guard. He didn't even look real.


Yeah. I don't know If I Wanna interview him, but I just want to, I wanna see what You never wanna see him walking by. Yeah, he was, he was different. He was different. Yeah. Yeah. He creates all sorts of like math problems that you've never had to figure out. Definitely. In your experience. Yeah. He's not definitely. Yeah. He was like, yeah, he's, Yeah. Alright. This has been so much fun, Juli. We really appreciate you coming by. I had one last question for you. It's the robot question.


R-H-O-B-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take, we mentioned earlier the tibs practices. What, what's the craziest drill or practice that TIBS would make you guys do? I'm fascinated by this stuff. We had Joe Keem in here and he w he told us, what was it, Kirk Heinrich, he said used to sit in the, in the, in his car before the game, before the prs and just be like, God dammit, God dammit, I don't wanna do this. Yeah. Or is Mike Dunn leaving? Maybe We got this, we got this drill called a hundred passes. Oh, okay. That sounds like a lot. And imagine like running a play and passing the ball around like five or six times. Yeah. And then start, don't shoot and start the play over again and pass it another 10 times around. Drive, pass, drive, pass and keep doing it until you get to a hundred passes. So then he just, he created edging for basketball. Yeah. That's, that sucks. That's terrible. Shoot at the end and you get to a hundred, pass the a hundred pass you shoot or whatever it is. You can finally shoot. Yeah. You finally shoot after, after. Damn. Just touch, touch the ball a hundred times and then shoot. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. We got that. Would you, and when you shot after you shot, would you do it again? Yeah, absolutely. We would do a different player. So, Oh my God. Yeah. That's, that, that was one of those drills where you like, you get like one of the younger players, you like, Hey man, get in for me. Yeah. Yeah. You go run around. He's doing the hundred pass thing Again. You can see it coming through. Yeah.


Oh actually I, I did have one other question. Wait, PFT, you had a last Question. Yeah. I was just gonna ask about like, some of the work that you do Yeah. In the community because it's, it's pretty cool stuff that you're up to and I feel like a lot of people would like to hear About it. Yeah, man, I think, I mean it's really no matter where I've been, I think like for me, just the work that my wife and I do is very important. We both come from, you know, single parent families and just underprivileged kids. So we're all always been about like helping the youth out, helping single moms out just 'cause we've seen our moms do it and struggle to provide us with everything. So we always are trying to figure out a way to give back and doing the same thing here in Minnesota working.


We're gonna be working with some kids here. Sketchers is helping out. So it's like whenever I like partner with people or like brands or whatever it is, I always try to bring them in. But super important for us. That's awesome. And you, you got a court named after you? Yeah. That's pretty cool. Where's the court? That was in New York. That's in New York. I worked with Nick's legend, Earl Monroe. Yeah. And basically had this thing where it's like the amount of threes I made is what we donated. Like had a, a bunch of people come in and like pledge a certain amount of money for every three I made. So like, I think last this past year we donated like 1.3 million to the Earl Monroe school.


That's awesome. Which helps like kids and they're doing like Earl Dan, like those guys are doing an amazing job. Like they took, they took these kids from the Bronx and these kids reading levels were like three or four grades behind and like took these kids, put 'em in with like these great teachers, their first graduating classes coming up and their test scores are amazing now. So That's Awesome. Like It's, it's way bigger than basketball. Yeah. Like for me, like being a part of New York and that community, like it was big and I'm still helping those guys out just 'cause they're just incredible what they're doing over there. Where'd you live when you were in New York? We used to live in New York as well. I was in Scarsdale. Okay.


For my first couple years. 'cause you know, we practiced Yeah. Outside of the city and then I was in Manhattan. My last two, I was in the upper West Side. Our, Our office was, our old office was right across from Madison Square Garden. Oh yeah, I Heard about that. It's, yeah, I knew that it's that, that area. It's, it's good Not sometimes around during Covid on what time? There was a couple times where I came to the office and there was like a guy jerking off in front of me on the, on the street. I Say, I say Minnesota's a lot more convenient. Yeah, yeah. You get in a car. That's the thing, I, I do miss parts of New York and it is nice not having to get in a car, but then when you do get in a car, it's like, oh, this is kind of nice. Just put on like, it's very nice. Music or podcast, just drives. It's gotta be nice getting out to the Midwest though.


Yeah, I love it. Stretching legs a little bit. Alright, well Julius, thanks so much man. Anytime you're in the city, we'd love to have you back on. This was so much fun. I Appreciate you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, sir.


Julius Randall was brought to you by Hey dude. Hey dude. Have you ever tried? Hey dude, did you know that they make boots too? They bring the same comfort and style that you love now in a boot that's designed for colder weather and rugged days out. Hey dude makes boots that are every bit as comfortable as their classic shoes, giving you that lightweight, easy, feel perfect for any adventure, indoors or out. They're ridiculously light, unbelievably comfortable built for any occasion. Hey dude, boots are made to keep up with your style and your lifestyle. From outdoor trails to city streets. Hey dude, boots are available in cozy materials, durable fabrics, versatile colors. To find the perfect pair for every single look. Find your next favorite pair of boots on. Hey dude.com, check 'em out. Weather's getting colder. You gonna need some boots? Some winter boots go to, Hey dude, they make super comfortable shoes. They make outstanding boots. You're gonna love them. Go to hey dude.com and check them out today.


Julius Randall was also brought to you by Morgan and Morgan. We all know that 2024 has been wild so far, but let's talk about something that's important. If you get injured by a person, place, or thing, you deserve to get paid. Life can be crazy sometimes one person's negligence can result in another settlement. If you're in an accident, not calling a lawyer means that you could be leaving money on the table when you're seriously hurt, your injury could be worth millions. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over a hundred offices nationwide and more than a thousand lawyers with over $20 billion recovered for over 500,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. Submit, submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is so easy. Winning the NFC East is hard. We all know that Hate week right now, we're in the thick of it. I I'm gonna say that whoever wins this game, they're gonna win the division. How about that? How about that Max? Sure. Winning this division's hard. You know that no team ever repeats in the NFC East who won last year, by the way. Cowboys. It's already. Okay. All right, so we're gonna get it again. Winning that division's tough, the NFC beast. But submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement.


Okay, Hank, let's wrap up Guys On Chicks. My husband and I have been married for a year and a half and he's still weird about me seeing his dick when it's not hard. What, whenever he is getting outta the shower or something, he always hides it and says we aren't that close. But his dick is definitely not small, so I don't get it. Is this typical guy behavior or is he a psychopath? Psychopath. Not, not a psychopath, but at this point, yeah, you should be well beyond that. There. Now a lot of women don't realize that the size of a man's dick can fluctuate wildly depending on anything from the temperature of the room to what pants they're wearing, what they athletics, what they had to eat that day. Were They running, How are they scared at the moment? Yeah, That's also a lie. He definitely has a small dick. Yeah, there's no 100% though.


If you had a big dick, you're, you don't give a shit. Yeah, I think He might. No, you'd be flushed Everywhere. Yeah, everywhere. He's Probably grow or not show her. Yeah. And yeah, at any given time walking around, probably like an 80% difference in how big your penis can appear. He just wants, he's still putting on like the happy face for you. He's not afraid to show you his real self. And that's the problem. My urologist was a stool yesterday. Did did you, did you show it? No. So I went to the urologist for my kidney stones guy. Very nice, very nice doctor walked in and he was just like, Hey, you seem familiar, maybe an on big online presence. And I was like, sick. Nice. Let's see that Song.


Yeah. So we talked about my kidney stones. He took the kidney stone. He is gonna do a test and all this stuff. Looked at some CT scans, whatever. And I was like, are you gonna look at my dick? And he is like, no, I don't have to. And then I was just like, well, I I shaved for you. And that got awkward. Do you want to Yeah. And then he said after he is like, just so you know, like I I follow you on Instagram but I that I had been following you for a while. It wasn't, it didn't just happen. I was like, I appreciate that. But yeah, I mean, depending on how my kidney stones go, that guy will look at my dick eventually. So I, I had two urologists in New York when I, I was going through the same thing with kidney stones, one of which was a an A WL of the show did not show him my dick.


The other guy was not. But you feel like you have to make small talk when the doctor is like Looking at your dick Fond, moving your dick around and feeling things. And so he was like, so, so Solen Berger. Is that the, is that the name of the guy that landed that plane in the Hudson? And the only thing I could think to say, because we were still doing that joke was yeah, you know they drink, they named a drink after that guy and the guy, the guy goes, oh yeah. And then I just couldn't bring myself to deliver the punchline. I just, I joked big time. It's a big, yeah, it's a big time moment. I What's the punchline? Hey you know the punchline? Yeah. Gray goose with a splash of water.


Okay, next One. Alright speaking. I guess we'll go to this one. Speaking of dick's, okay, there's a picture that's involved. There are a couple pictures. Oh hey PMT. I've been on three dates with this guy and he is in Michigan for one month and he sent me this update catching fish with his grandpa. Is this raging 14 inch boner or does this man just love fish also? Can I handle this in the future? What would you do? Thanks. So I'm gonna send the picture. Okay. And then I'm gonna send, Nope, I got It pulled up already on the screen. Yeah, that guy's got a hog. He's John Ham. Holy shit. Yeah. Good for that guy. Good for him. He should be holding the fish up next to his dick to show how big the fish is. What if he just has stuff in his pockets and she's expecting the John ham right now?


So I'm looking at the angle right now. There could be something in that right pocket that gravity is pulling down. Yeah, it could be a golf ball Or just his phone. What it Would, do we have any other picture? Just the group text from this girl coming to her friends, so. Oh, is that it? Okay. Alright. Good. It is a girl. Okay, so we have confirmation because obviously there's a lot of people who think the Guys On Chicks, there's a lot of men that write in. That would be an all time wrinkle if this dude a WO basically concocted a story for us to look at his penis. No. So it's a group text from this girl. It's a girl sending the picture to her friends and then one of her friends goes, is that his dick? I just choked. Do you think girl's telling that a lot? Yeah, I think you got, I mean he is also the fish.


It's a nice fish. It's a really nice fish. And he's not doing the cheating thing where he is putting the fish too close to the camera to make it look bigger than it's that and his dick. There's a good possibility this guy sent you that picture because there was something in his pocket weighing it down that made it look like he had a big dick and he wanted to send it to you so that you get excited. I don't Know dude. The guy's wearing the ROIs, the the, the sunglass things. He's kind of sportsman. I think that's a man's man. I think that's a man's Man. You might be, yeah. Might just be dealing with the guy with a hog. We're gonna need this person to follow up. Yeah, yeah. After The go the date to see if it's actually that And the guy with the big dick and the fish. If you wanna chime in with your size, soft and hard, we'll take that.


Listen, she just needs to be like Sam Pitman. Embrace the hog. Yeah. Alright, last one. And this is also from a girl who got tricked by her boyfriend. Mm. Hi Alex. It's Mariah. I got your number from Nolan. He told me you won tickets to the Patriots game this Sunday obs I want him to go and have fun, but please make sure he behaves himself. LOL. Last time you guys went to a game, he didn't come home until the next morning. I'm working Sunday night and need him to be home to watch our daughter. He's a 3-year-old child. I can't believe I even need to send this, but please make sure he doesn't get into trouble this time. And then followed up and said, oh, okay. I don't know who this is, but my husband's sitting next to me dying laughing. Like I said, I married a child.


Wait, what is this? I'm a little bit confused. I'm very lost. This guy told his girlfriend that he won tickets to the Patriots game with apparently a person that he had previously gone to a game with and think it won't until the next day. Yeah. And then she said, I want to text them and like, Do you have another guys on Shit. Wait, wait, my bad. This is a miss me. I thought It was funny. Want, I want to understand this. So she, the husband had her text this number. Yeah. And that was It. Wait, the husband texted the Guys On Chicks? No, the husband had his Wife text the Guys On Chicks. Yeah. I like this dude.


For the record. No, it was amis my bad. But this dude rocks the fact that you, the wife has to actually, if this story's true and the wife has to be like, Hey, he has to look after our fucking daughter in the morning. That's awesome. This guy is like, he just got, listen, it's always when you get older in life, those like moments of like, oh, the night got away from me. I just didn't come home. Those don't happen anymore. But if you know someone who that could happen to, that guy rocks And it's always, there's always one friend that you have to be on the lookout for. Yeah. Everybody's got that one friend and, and getting to spend one night, it's like a little, it's a mini vacation that he gets.


Like I, I've Give him one night alone with his most unruly friend. I've had moments in my life where I've been out with friends since it's like, oh, night got away from us. We just didn't go to sleep. We just went to the casino till 7:00 AM or we, we stayed at the bar. Those are the best nights ever. And I wish I could still do those. I haven't done one in forever. This guy rocks credit to him. His wife wrote a confusing Guys On Chicks. But I love this fucking guy. He's the man pug. Any presidential orders you got for us? I still gotta link up with Blake and cook up some policies. Okay. So TBD on that. Okay. Happy birthday Pug by the way. Happy birthday Pug. Happy birthday Pug. Big three. Oh, 11. 11. Well that would be what?


210. Oh wow. You're getting up there. We're we're getting up. We're getting up in, in the years. Love that. Yeah. Thank you. Also, I received a lot of feedback from Monday's show, especially the end of the show accusing me of, of not saying love you guys to the listeners. Many people felt unloved. I did say I love you guys. It seemed like this was Max during, you know, he's, he's trying to, it's eight week he's trying to psych me out for hate week and take me off my game. 'cause the Eagles commanders game on Thursday wouldn't be surprised if, if he does some monkey business and takes it out at the end of this show too. But I did say I love you guys and it was visible on the YouTube. We'll see Pug when you fuck if you fuck for like a minute, are you like Yeah, actually that was seven dog years.


Yes. Okay, nice. It would rock credit to you hug If when Pug became a dad, he had like six kids at once. A litter and a litter. Yeah, a litter. A litter of pugs going around would be so great. Oh, pug. If you have anything, if you have six tops, six top, sixtuplet, sextuplets, sextuplet, the odds are like one in a billion. But if you do, I want you here and now to say that we're allowed to make one of those weird, creepy reality shows about 'em. Okay. Okay. Deal. Okay. If it's seven, no. If it's five no has to be six has to land exactly on six. That would be crazy. That would be crazy.


But guess what? We would be like, we would, the reality show would pay for your kids' life. Six of 'em that the piglets, those shows, what was it, Octa mom. Octa mom, yeah. What? And John k plus eight. That was, those were Nothing Is a bigger guarantee of your life getting ruined than doing one of those shows? Yes. Okay. The Duggars, The Duggars numbers 3 40 11 5 99 Point 64 79.


Love you guys.