
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music. On today's part of my take, we have our good friend comedian, funniest guy, one of the funniest guys going right now. Yeah, Nate Bartzi talking some golf with him. Having some fun with him. Nate is one of the funniest guys out there. Awesome, awesome Interview with him. We're gonna do the Mount Rushmore of breakfast food, which is gonna be great. We've got training camps started. We've got a big issue with Hank. We've got Hot Seat, cool Throne.


Do you see his face right there? Yeah, I know what it is, man. And we've got FAQs and


it's all brought to you by our friends with DraftKings. He's scrambling right now. No, I know. I already know what you're talking about. Wrong. All right, we have, it's all brought to you by our friends. With DraftKings not playing best ball at DraftKings, you're missing out. Here's what you need to know. DraftKings Best Ball Millionaire Contest is their biggest fantasy contest ever. We're talking 15 million guaranteed prize pool with two. That's right. Two millionaires being crowned for first and second place. If you're a set it and forget it type, then best ball is for you. No waiver wires, no roster management, bigger rosters. So injuries won't end your season. Only the draft. And that's it. You're set for the season. If you're still not convinced, check this out This year. DraftKings offering everyone a draft one, get one special. Your $20 entry fee scores you a bonus ticket. Get in all. Get in on all the best ball action. Download the DraftKings Zap use code take. That's code take for all customers who enter the NFL Best Ball, 15 million millionaire contest to get a bonus ticket and get a shot at being crowned. One of two millionaires only on DraftKings Best ball is the best fantasy set up. You just draft your team, no ads or drops. If. you have an injured player. You have depth in that position. No trades. That's your roster. Don't have to set the lineup every single week. It's the best. It's why it's called Best Ball Only on DraftKings Gambling Problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


Okay, let's go. It's Pardon My Take, presented by Barstool Sports.


Welcome to Pardon My. Take, presented by DraftKings. Get in on all the best ball action. Download the DraftKings app Use code take. That's code take for all customers who enter the NFL Best Ball, 15 million millionaire contest to get a bonus ticket and get a shot at being Crown one of two millionaires only on DraftKings. Today is Wednesday, July 24th. And Hank, we have an issue. We're in school right now. Hank, you're a teacher. Are you ready for your assignment? I am. You are. You, are you really? All right, so, so the backstory here is, is our darling Jake texted PFT and I, right? Oh, no. Fuck. Oh, not ready. Were talking about the whale thing. No. Oh, no, no, no. Hank No. You had an assignment for No, our darling Jake texted PFT and I said, I have three, three different reminders set for this week.


The first reminder, which, you know what, we can do another time because we're we're, we have a bunch of stuff going on right now, and Hank's traveling. Agreed on Thursday. Agreed. Yep. No, that is not yours. We're gonna do NFL coaches draft, which we did last year. We did that last year. It was fantastic. Current NL coaches draft. So we'll do that. A lot of mics. We also had a reminder to do all time rankings for groups of position or for position groups. So it'd be like, if you're taking like the Vikings wide receivers Yeah. You get, you know, Randy Moss and Chris Carter and Justin Jefferson, whatever. We'll do that as well at some point. But today, oh no, sorry, you have till Friday.


You have till Friday. You're supposed to teach us an econ class. Hank Eastern Connecticut. No, no. Would be economics. I have no idea where this came from. No, I forget the context behind it. But Hank said that he would teach us an economics class, an econ 1 0 1 class. I know you're not ready right now, but you'll be ready for Friday. I'm not gonna be here Friday. Oh, so you already failed. You incomplete. No, I'll give you guys a's So then we pass. No, we're gonna do it. We're gonna do it. No, you have to teach the class. I, I wanna learn. I don't, I didn't take econ. I didn't, I literally never got past algebra two. So what's a good, what's a fair amount?


It's, there's, there's a difference. One's a math class, the other is economics. Yeah. What, what's a fair timeframe? How much time do you need to teach us Econ 1 0 1? We wanna see what Hank Lockwood comes up with. Econ 1 0 1 a week. Maybe we do it on the bus a great week. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I like that. While we're driving. You want to do that? Can you tie it into sports? Maybe teach us what the salary cap is. Oh, okay. Second apron. Yep. Get that going. I would like you to become a ologist, not just because you lie all The time. Time. Just, and I want you to teach us about This If. you became our pathologist. This show would go to the moon. I'm not saying that you're holding us back, but that specific thing is definitely holding us back. Yeah.


Yeah. I'll try. I mean, I, I struggle with, you know, multiplication tables. But Same, you're teaching dumb students too. Just so you know. Like I'm, Matt and I have never gotten along, ever oil and water. I would've Liked Jake to have texted you that, but that's all right. Yeah. It's okay. Well, He is, He kinda set you up. Yeah. But also he was being, he was being responsible. He was texting us. The rivalry continues. Yeah. Yeah. In the afterlife. Jake is getting you, he's Haunting you. Okay. So that was the, I mean, I, it's a slow time in sports, but that I, we saw that p saw, we were like, holy shit, we have to address this. The listeners are gonna be like, where's the econ class?


We thought we were getting an econ class. And The NFL coaches draft and the all time ranking groups for position groups. Let's do the NFL coaching draft. While you do the econ draft. We'll do a, we'll do a, we'll do a combo. The we're Gonna get So bus in that snake. Yeah. It's gonna be insane. So It'll be like lesson round of the draft. Lesson. Round of the draft. That's, that's some, I don't think anyone's ever done that on a podcast. I like this. I like this. This is gonna be fuse The listeners purposefully. Yeah, it's good. It's terrible audio. It's gonna be educational. Yeah. I, I do have an economics question as it pertains to the NFL. Oh. Do you think that Jordan Love deserves to be the highest paid quarterback in football? Listen, highest paid player in football. Here's, Here's what I'm gonna say about Jordan Love real quick.


I don't, I, this has nothing to do with him being a packer. He's holding out right now for people who aren't paying attention. He's holding out, he's not gonna practice. He's holding in though. He's Holding in. He's not gonna practice with his team until he gets his new contract. I don't, I can't remember a player ever doing this. This is one of the most selfish things I've ever seen a player do. Sounds insane. I don't remember. Someone can show me a time that a player has been like, I'm not playing until I get my contract. That would be the first I've ever seen of it. Because as of I, as far as I know, Jordan Love is the first player to do this. And it's disgusting. And If, you were his teammate. I, you know what I would like, Huey, can you please set up an anonymous tips email any packers players that want to reach out anonymously and tell us about Jordan Love being so selfish that he's not going to training camp.


We will hear you out and we'll keep you 100% anonymous and we'll read your story for the world on Friday. This is the, the downside to the packers of like the way that they do their, their quarterback system. Yeah. They draft a guy and let 'em sit for a while. Yeah. And then they get out there and they play like one half of the season. Like one of the best quarterbacks in the league. And now it's like, shit. Now we have to pay 'em immediately. Yeah. They don't get any of those. They the window is stuff. Yeah. Their guy, their guys are too good that they have to pay right away. Let me ask you a question. PFT If, you were a fan of a team. Would you rather your quarterback Miss win the Heisman trophy? Yes. Yes. But Miss two days of mini camp. Yeah. Or an entire week.


Maybe more of training camp. Training camp. Which one comes after phase me? Phase me is training camp. Okay. Training camp comes afterwards. I'm gonna say I would rather have my quarterback miss mini camp. I, wait, wait, wait. Is it mandatory Minicamp? Kind of. It's a little bit, it's understand. We don't really know. We don't know. Is it? It's Excused. It's Not excused. That was gonna be my follow up question. Partially Excused. I would say if it's an excused missing of mandatory minicamp. Yes. If it's an unexcused missing a voluntary mini camp. No, I don't want that guy anywhere near my team. Okay. So I bring this up because Aaron Rogers has shown up to training camp, which was up in the air because If, you remember on our, on Wednesday or on Monday show, he said, when we asked him if he is going to training camp, he said, yeah, probably as first reported by us.


The Yeah. Part. Yep. Won out. So Aaron Rogers is at training camp. The most important time of team building of the entire season is building your team during training camp. Aaron Rogers is at training Camp Jordan. Love is not at training camp. Is Aaron Rogers less of a diva than Jordan? Love Miss me yet? Hmm. Yeah. Interesting to think about it. This is a good lesson in the economy because the market is speaking right now and it's saying that Jordan Love, if they do, I think they will make him the highest paid, like per year. I don't know what, which is crazy 'cause he's a grand total. He's gonna do, he's 32 years old. Yeah. So, so, so making Jordan Love the highest paid quarterback after like, such a small sample. That's the free market in the NFL. Yeah. It's, it's one of those situations where you have to pay him.


Yeah. I think they'll, what, what would you guess? Thursday? It could maybe even today. Yeah, it could be today. So Today they'll, he'll, he'll get paid and he'll just be back at camp and it'll be nothing. So the Current highest paid player per year is Joe Burrow. He gets 55 million a year, which just signed his contract. Also. I hand up, spent way too much time this morning thinking about Joe Burrow's hair. Yeah. So he shaved his head and then he bleached his head. Yes. So he looks like Eminem right now. So I, the shaved head, I was like, Bengals are gonna win the Super Bowl all business. It almost looked like a mugshot. He's like, I don't need hair. You look great. Don. I don't need any of these frills. Better than you.


Sorry. That was mean. The bleached hair. I don't really, I can't figure out. It does look like m and m it looks like straight outta 1998. But that feels like fashion Joe is like, I was totally in on Joe Burrow being like, I'm gonna training camp, I'm gonna shave my head like a Marine. And this is like, this is, this is war this season. But then to bleach it like late nineties. But Wait, what I think is gonna happen, I think this is, this is just team building. It's just a guy being a dude, letting Them make fun of him, Letting him make fun of him during training camp. And then I think once the regular season starts, then it's business hair. I like that. It's back to business for Joe. I like that. I predict he will not play an NFL game with bleached hair.


Yeah. Hank by the way, what you said. So wait, not one single game? I don't think. Not a regular season. Yeah. 'cause he is gonna play in the preseason this year. Yeah. Yeah. Do you wanna bet on it? Anyone wanna take the other side? I don't. I I agree with you. I Think he'll go back. Yeah, I agree with you. I agree with your assessment. Hank, what I was gonna say was that was mean of me, but I think we found out that shaving your head was never a punishment. 'cause you've, I've, I haven't even noticed. Yeah. I, I, I was a, a shaved head guy until I was like 20. 'cause my friend did haircuts and I was too broke to get other haircuts. So Yeah. You just Go, I just rock the buzz. You go out, you buy one of those clippers and then you're number three. Yeah. So. if you don't do the econ lesson on grit week, you gotta res shave.


Not the Bic, Not the ah, come on, I'm gonna do the econ. Okay. Thank You know already you, so you know so much about econ already. It's true. How to not pay taxes. False. Everything. How to make More money by not paying taxes. Yep. All these things I am gonna think about. I will be, I will be at the beach this weekend. I I might try and get some sun in or like get my hair blonde. Oh Cool. Yeah. So Joe Burrow. Yeah. Okay. Me and fight said that a couple years ago. It gets blonde and, and red real fast. We'll find out. Be a little ginger. We do need a ginger on this podcast. Yeah. I've been raw dog in the sun this summer, by the way. I haven't been using any sunscreen. Pause. Yeah. It might be a problem.


I feel like it's a problem. What You're laughing about the pause. I said the sun. You didn't say which. No, you didn't Say The sun. No. You're a pervert. I don't know if it was a you o you a Pervert. We've been Talking To bro, your Pervert talking about Bronny a lot recently. That's gross. Yeah. I should probably start putting it on sunscreen. But it's, it's nice having a tan because when you're fat you just gotta If. you can't tone it. You gotta tan it. Haven't, Haven't used a single ounce of sunscreen That it doesn't feel like a manly thing. I know. Again, this is not something people should do. We are not role models. Charles Barkley, blah blah, blah. Something about just raw dog in the sun. What I like to do is I, I go out for the first hour, no sunscreen, and then I put it on Yeah.


Get a little base coat going. But yeah, you can't, if you're going on a vacation, you can't do the first day sunscreen list. Yeah. 'cause then you just ruin the whole trip. I just get Yeah. I'm, but I, I don't really burn that bad. So get The swar, the olive skin. Yeah. Us Italians, me and Max Jewish and Italian have very, have very similar skin. Yeah. And I'm an Italian father. Yeah. So, okay. The other quarterback I wanted to talk about, you guys see Bryce Young coming in. I did see Bryce Young. Whoa. Like me. He had an accidental 6-year-old day swag. It happens from time to time. Swag list. Do You have a backpack on? Yeah. Yeah. You gotta you gotta ditch the backpack.


Either that or go like full steam head with it and rock A SpongeBob backpack. Yeah. Swag list. That was tough. Yeah. He doesn't, I'm not inspired by Bryce Young. Yeah. 'cause I, I was like, Especially when your last name is young. Yeah. And he, he was kind of, I was toying around with the idea of being like, maybe buy stock and Bryce Young this year, you know, because there's always one guy that everyone's written off. And then I saw that again, it's a four second clip, but this is how we consume our NFL in these, in, in this part of the summer. It's basically long pass in practice. Don't, don't think about the fact that they also threw six picks and guys walking into the building on day one.


How do they look? There's That, yeah. The, the, the walkup, when you show up to training camp and some guys drive those like spider cars in Yeah. You know, they get, you rent a car for that day. Yeah. For the first entrance. The packers on the bicycles kind of weird. And then the cameras that they set up for the social team, when the players are coming off practice and they're asking like, is water wet? Yeah. As they're leaving the practice field. That's training camp. That's The whole training camp. Yeah. Does your team, is your team about to get into a fight? Yeah. That's, that's training camp. Are They ready to hit somebody else? Yeah. Are they tired of hitting each other? Yeah. How bad is Lamar Jackson's diarrhea? Bad, bad. Two days bad. What Team do you think will have a report about there being an actual fight over ncaa?


Oh, I didn't even think about that. What team has like the, the biggest mix of different SEC players? That's a good one. Hank. 'cause Oh man, I'm so jealous of everyone who's been able to just basically fuck off for the last two weeks and just do nothing but play this game. 'cause I've not played. You have Mentally in a way. Yeah. I mean, I've, I, when I'm playing it's on stream. I've had very little practice time. But like I'm talking about the dude who's listening to this right now, who's 27 years old, single, no kids, nothing, no responsibilities, not, doesn't have roommates.


So maybe a little bit past the, the roommate time. And he's working a nine to five and he has played this game a hundred hours in the last seven days. That guy is my hero. The guy whose apartment is just the folding chair, the tv and that's it. Yeah. He just has been like, I'm not going to talk to anyone. I'm not going out. I'm just going to rip dynasties for the next seven days, or probably more than that, a couple weeks until they like resurface into, into, you know, regular civilization. That guy is living the dream. I Think this might be the first day in the, in the sports calendar year, at least for the last 10 years, where the optimal day to get a vasectomy is not before March Madness.


Yeah. It was right before this game came out. Yeah. But even then, if you're getting a vasectomy, that means you have kids. That means you're probably not playing the game. But We're not playing as much. Like, I just don't a Recreational vasectomy. I had a very, I had a very sad conversation with our friend Scott Van Pelt because he loves this game. And he was like, I think I just don't have, I'm washed and I don't think I have the amount of time that I need to get good at it. And it's like a very, it was, it was like almost like a heartbreaking conversation I was having with him. Yeah. It was like, this is, this is a really sad thing that we're talking about. Guys can't have hobbies. They can't, they can't just fuck off from the entire world for 10 days and be like, I, I need to work on my recruiting for Coastal Carolina.


That Would actually be a great thing for, for dads to be able to do. Just adults in general. Spend a week where you're essentially in prison, but it's a prison of your own choosing where you get to bring like a piece of technology in there. Yeah. You get to sleep however much you want. Don't have to look at phone calls. Don't have to deal with work. No emails the best out of office email reply I ever set up. Yep. And just have a week where you don't do shit. That's what I do. I'd play, I'd play this game. Yeah. I would play this game. What were we talking about? Lamar? Jackson squad. Oh, the teams. Anyone gonna get in a fight over it? Oh yeah. Which team? Good Question. Hank. Which team? Most likely? That is a fair question. I Hmm. Feels to me like it could be from the A FC South.


I'm gonna say the Jaguars. I don't know why I was thinking that too. Yeah, Jaguars. Oh, okay. Jaguars are gonna fight over this. Let's do It. Is Christian Kirk on the Jaguars still? He's a gamer, right? I dunno if he's selling the Jaguars, but Yeah. Oh, I mean the Cardinals. Kyler, Merck Or Yeah. Cardinals. Kyler. Murray's gonna get his ass kicked this week. We gotta do new faces soon. Yep. Yeah. We gotta we gotta do that whole Maybe get a quiz going. Huey can set it up by the way. I just wanna say, 'cause I know I'm gonna get a lot of replies being like, dude, do you have a dream job? I agree. I just wish I had more free time to be able to just fuck off and play college football. That's all. Yeah. I mean it's, I'm very jealous of all those guys who have that Right.


Now. it is nice. It's the best. It is nice. You J you just, just know this, just, just take this, if you're one of the people I just described, just take One second outta your day and be like Yeah, I am living in the, the good old Days. You think that's why Joe right this side? You think that's why Joe Biden dropped out? Yeah. Probably more time to play college football. Yes. Delaware State National Champions. He's Definitely playing on rookie on freshman mode. Yeah. He's playing, he's playing Grand Theft Auto. He's like, I love this college football game. Alright. Any other sports stories that we can talk about Olympics coming up? Yeah, I got one of those in my Hot Seat Cool Throne. Okay. Oh yeah. LeBron did save or was that it? So no, it wasn't. LeBron did save team USA. We were playing against Germany.


Yep. Aaron Rods very conflicted, which was a good guy in that game. I watched That clip back. That was crazy. Yeah. It was That He took a second. He's like, were we, I think he's just, I think Aaron is so he's in a mode now where he just questions everything, which I don't have a problem with because I think those type of people we need more. But he was thinking about questioning World War ii and then he stopped himself. He kind of stopped himself. I I also think, yeah, you're right. He just likes to say, were we, yeah. Are we just to kinda like let you know that he thinks that he's smarter than you sometimes. Yeah. But in that context, if I remember the conversation correctly, I think he was replying more to the fact that you said he was talking about dropping the bombs.


Yes. Yes. And so he's saying were, Were we. And that's up to debate. Were We good for dropping the bombs? Yes. That is a hundred percent up to debate. Yeah. Yeah. So LeBron saved Team U Us a, he Saved team USA from Germany. We were, we were losing then we were winning, then we're losing again. And then he made a basket at the end. So Yeah. With his offhand Well was it? Yeah. I think he made a Was it not with his right? It was right-handed. Yeah. Yeah. His offhand, his offhand, he's, he's beating everyone in offhand competitions. 'cause he's actually a lefty and his offhand is his right hand, which he's shot with for 40 years. Yep. Okay. We have a, a big, big story coming outta the SEC and that is that they've decided which team is gonna be ut Oh, Texas or Tennessee.


Who do you think is UT Big? Cat? Oh man, This is huge. I mean, I think Tennessee gets the rights to it, but I think when I think of ut, I feel like I say Tennessee and when I think of ut, I say Texas. Yep. That's Tennessee. If Tennessee wants it, they should. They deserve it. That's fair. Because they've been in the SEC. Right? The SEC agrees. Right. Texas is Tex Tex. Tex and Tennessee. Oh, this is for the graphic. Graphic for like I'm an idiot. I was thinking of just like casual conversation. They're gonna police everyone's language. Oh We will. Yeah. Yeah We will. Yeah. No, Tennessee should get, ah, they should, you know, it should be like a Midas touch.


Is that the right is? No King Solomon Cut it in half. Cut in half. They should, it should just be 10 and Tax 10 Andt. I like when it's TENN 10. Yeah. I think that's what it is. Yeah. So they're not getting Ut. No, no. I think it's Tex. T-E-X-U-T is now Tennessee. But I'm saying I think I've seen TENN. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I like. Yeah. Now I So Neither of 'em got ut? No. Tennessee did. But they're going with 10. No, Tennessee is ut Got It. Yeah. I wish they would stay as 10. I think they decided this based on which Orange was better. And it's Tennessee one's. Tennessee. That's Tennessee. Yeah. Tennessee gets right to this. That's, I have no problem with that. Yeah. But I do like when the score bug says TENN People are big mad about this in Texas.


Well it shouldn't have changed conferences. Yep. Also the Big 10 conference is gonna keep the championship game in Indie till 2028. Which just is so great. 'cause like if you're a USC or UCLA game fan, like you, you probably said to yourself, I'll never be in any or Rutgers, Rutgers or ru. Well they still won't. But USC and UCLA fans are definitely pissed. They're pretty mad about This. Probably not U-C-L-A-U-S-C and Oregon. Yeah. UCLA is, is probably like Oh, okay. Noted. Yeah. Okay. We can clear that schedule. Yep. And then also we have, there's more smoke going around about the 18 game schedule. Yeah. So the N-F-L-P-A and the NFL have had discussions about the 18 game schedule.


I think we figured it out with Joe Burrow. Yeah. When we talked before the bleach got to it. Right. Double buy. He said double buy and then Super Bowl. It's, it's been a no brainer to have the Super Bowl on President President's Day weekend. Yeah. No offense to Lincoln. Yeah. But yeah, it should. That's how the schedule should line up. Yeah. And It's basically eliminates winter. Yeah. Because If you have football on winter doesn't exist. That's, I mean, I know it can be cold, but If, you have something to look forward to being football on the weekend. You can get through the week. Yeah. So how are they gonna, is this gonna affect, obviously it'll affect revenue, so that would mean that salaries go up. Do We get anything more? And then whoever, so we Gotta work more. Whoever. Yeah. We should get more whoever the next quarterback is.


Is it still Tua? Is it Tua after Jordan? Love. I thought Tua was supposed to be this before Jordan Love, but it, but it's, I think we just passed Tua. It's kind of, at one point It was great for Tua to see all these deals getting done. Yeah. And then at some point it became bad for Tua where he is like, am I gonna get my long-term deal? Yeah. And then it'll be CJ Stroud soon. Well I guess he has to go three years first. Yeah. I guess Tua, did Tua get lost? Yeah. I think Tua got Purdy's gonna be a fun One. Who? I cannot wait for the Brock party course. Oh, that's gonna be so great. Yep. We Were you gonna say Max? You had something to say? No Memes wants to, were were two and Jordan Love in the same draft class.


Yes. It was Herbert Bur to, well we can find out very quickly. 2020. I think he was, I think Jordan Love was like the 22nd pick or something in that draft class. 'cause it was the Covid draft, right? Yeah, Yeah. Chase Young draft. Yes. Yes. He was, The answer is yes. And he was pick 26. So Yeah, two should be And and and Herbert and Joe Burrow and Yeah. Have all been paid. So Jordan loves gonna get paid. Man, this is gonna be a hell of a draft class for quarterbacks. It is gonna be wild. Yeah. That's Nuts. Were you drafting a quarterback that year?


Me? Yeah. We should. Ja Hertz also in this draft class We were talking about first round quarter, we Should have we draft, We're talking about guys that are the guy. You said draft. We Drafted draft. You said draft class. Chase Young that year almost had the opportunity to draft Joe Burrow or not, or Justin Herbert or Justin Herbert or two. But Max, have you heard, have you heard the rumors that they're not gonna be running the, the Tish push Tish push this year or not running as much Good. I want, I want the rest of the NFL to think that Because Jason Kel know Jason Kel. Yeah. But Ja, have you heard that Jason Kels been in the locker room and he's got a, a locker in the coach's office and he's been in more than any of the other players. Is He a coach?


And He's A coach. He gonna Come back. He's Coach, coach adjacent. He's and he's A-E-S-P-N analyst. Yep. Seems like conflict of Wait, so he's gonna play this year? No, but he's been in, he's been in the locker and he helping the boys. If I feel like he's gonna play this year If you because he, he didn't look like he had lost. He looked good. Yeah. He didn't look like he had lost like a bunch of weight or anything. He looked Good. If, you have an injury, God forbid, at the center position. God forbid you think Jason Kelsey's not gonna come back if he has an office in the building And the team's good. Listen, if he wants to come back, I would love to have him, but I want him to enjoy his life Because if he came back, this would be an even better push push.


Because you'd have Saquon behind him. Yeah. You want whatever squads you want. Whatever's best for Jason Kel. Correct. That's Like 1200 pounds worth of squats in the backfield pushing forward. Yeah. No, that there's some thighs back there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Matt, some It creeped me out the way that he said that. Yeah. Yeah. There's some thighs. Yeah. So I guess Tua has got, we gotta, maybe we should just start. I mean, we are part of Tuna. Maybe we should be like, Hey, what about Tua? Tua Awareness. Yeah. What the fuck's happening? The Hawk. The Hawk Tua girl stole his thunder. Yeah, We need, we need Tua to get paid. Come on Mike McDaniel spit on that thing. Okay, let's do Hot Seat. Cool. Terone. And then we have the Mount Rushmore of Breakfast Foods.


Hot Seat. Cool. Terone is presented by Coors Light. you don't have to be selling out stadiums to feel like you're chilling backstage. You just need Coors Light. Coors Light wants to make your summer more chill. With limited edition backstage, six packs curated by some of your favorite artists. Because Music Plus Coors Light equals chill. Amplified Coors Light is the only choice. When you're ready to choose Chill. Coors Light is cold, laggered, cold filtered, and cold package for a smoother finish. Amplify your chill this summer with Coors Light. Choose Chill. Choose Coors Light. Visit coors light.com/summer music to see how Coors Light can amplify your summer. And be sure to keep an eye out on Coors Light Social handles and Coors backlight backstage. Six pack.com. That's Coors light backstage. Six pack.com. All summer long for the drops Celebrate responsibility. Coors Brew Company. Golden Colorado. We love Coors Light. We're gonna go on Grit Week in a week and a half. Coors Light is one of our favorite sponsors. We're gonna have a great time. We're gonna drink some Coors Lights with the boys.


What were you gonna say? Yeah, I was gonna say in keeping with the summer concert series, pup Punk is playing on August 2nd Friday in Columbus. Hell yes. Just found out today. Mark Titus will be in Columbus that weekend. Wow. He'll be joining us on stage. He's gonna try to follow up Max's performance, which is gonna be tough to beat. But Titus is gonna be with us in Columbus Friday, August 2nd at Scully's. We've got tickets available and then in Nashville at the bars stool bar in Nashville. Those are free tickets to the one in Nashville. But you have to VIP. You have to or you have to RSVP. One of those acronyms. RSVP for it and show up. Okay. But it's gonna be fun. Nice. Awesome. Pop Punk's back. If. you haven't been to a pop punk show. They absolutely rock.


Okay. Hot. Seat cool drone. Hank My Hot Seat Is people, there's a viral video today of a whale essentially breaching and And. it seemed like it was like attacking or knocking over a boat on purpose. Yeah. People, William, William football reported said an angry whale basically attacked a boat as You know how if he was mad. Right. That's what people were trying to say. Got It. It seems like they're already blaming the whale, it seems like. That's what I'm saying. And people, people were giving me shit for picking blue whales on orcas. I've said this before, I Orcas are cool, but they're like a cursed animal. Why? Because of Tillicum. And you know, they basically got, I forgot about Tillicum.


Yeah. Turned evil. What about Jame's Whale? I guess that was cursed too. Tillikum was the one in, in Blackfish. Oh yeah. The one whose dorsal fin started to fold over 'cause it was sad. Got It. Yeah. And, and orcas weren't like, you know, predatory or as evil as they Are. Yeah. They fight. They're fighting back. Yeah, They basically, but that Was, they are called killer whales. But they weren't killer whales until till come. Whatever. I feel bad for orcas, but whatever. Then this blue whale video came out. Everyone was saying this is like what orcas do. This is a killer whale move. Not true. I don't think that's a blue whale in this Video. It's a whale, but it's not, it's not a, it's not a killer whale. A blue Whale would've Been blue it. No, I'm saying people are giving me shit for my blue whale pick. This is in the same thing. The whale Did look blue.


It kind of did, but It's not a blue whale. But it is a blue whale. Yeah. Blue whale's kind of cued everyone with the blue. Yeah. We're the only ones because There's a lot of blue whales. Yeah. We're the white podcasters. Yeah. I reached out to a whale photographer. Yeah. Got some intel. What's his or her names? Her name's Erica. Shout out to Erica for, for filling me in. Thank you Erica. How's Her furniture store doing? I said, I said the whales weren't doing this on purpose. Right. She said the note, the whales just trying to eat. When there are schools of small fish all bunched up, anchovies, et cetera, whales will come in and try to eat them. The fishermen are trying to fish out the small fish. What are they doing? I don't know why they were trying to fish out the small fish. The whale can't see the boat. They have eyes on the side of their head. So the boat is just in the way. So It's an accident.


Accident. Okay. So The, so yeah. And the boat right of way in water is always the, the bigger boat has right of way. Is That true hack? It is the smaller boat. What is it not Probably. You took a boating class. I feel like that should be the one thing. I thought that was like very, yeah, that Should be the first thing they teach you. If you What direction you're going in. No, but if you're a bigger boat, it's harder to maneuver the, you have the right of way. Do you not? It depends on the Situation. I'm Not, I'm not getting on Hank's boat. And it. And If I'm in a kayaking, you're in a barge. Who has the right way? Well, motor boats. Motor boats. Okay. If I'm in a dingy and you're in a barge, who has the right of way? What's, what Are we going in the same direction We're going right at each other.


Oh no. And it's easier For the Smaller, it's Easier for the smaller boat to get way. That's, that's I'm saying yes. The Bigger boat has the right of way. The whale has the right of way. Are you sure you took a boat safety class? Yeah. Well no, it depends on direction. Wait, The other one Should. Yeah. What do, what other direction would matter If you're going the same direction? Like if you're coming up and the boat's going straight, like T-bone. Are you talking about T-bone? Yeah. If. you the Bigger ones, the smaller boat would stop. Yes. So the bigger one still has the right of way, But if it was reversed and the smaller boat was going this way and the bigger boat was Coming this way, I think the bigger boat would still have the right of way. If. you talking about just two boats colliding into each other? I don't know what you, what you mean when you, are you saying if it's Like roads, But the smaller boat is always the one that has to get outta the way now.


But if it's Like 10 feet verse 20 feet it's, Well then you wouldn't, then they wouldn't hit each other if it was 10 feet. First. Whatcha Talking? Wait, what do you mean 10 feet versus 20 feet? What are you talking about? He's saying if one boat, are you saying if one boat is 10 feet in front of the other, If a 10 foot boat, a 20 foot boat, it depends what the directions on who has the right of way. A 20 foot boat would've it? Yeah, because they're bigger. That's, that's not true. I'm pretty sure the ocean is like actually how the world should work. There's bigger things. Get the right of way. There's shipping lanes. Yeah. Either way, This is how it should always be Max. The bigger you are, the more right of away you get. I don't think he took a car.


It was, it was not an evil. Those were not, there's gonna Be a Lot. Those whales were not attacking. There's Gonna be a lot of corrections on this. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was not an evil whale is what you're saying. Yeah. Correct. The whale was just being a whale. Correct. And the boat happened to have been in the way. Correct. Wrong place, wrong time. Also, the whale was much bigger than the boat. Therefore the whale had right of way. Sure. Did they arrest the whale? No. Are they going to kill the whale like he Jaws? Did they at least get his license plate? No. Okay. This is a problem. What did you just So what? What's your house? Oh. Oh, he Googled it. Hed, it Not even a boat. Oh no. Much Bigger than yours. Have the right of way. Okay. But not, not I'm Well yeah.


You're not gonna double a 10 foot boat. You're not gonna stand there and be like, that's a 23 foot boat. Yeah, I got a 20 footer. A 20 foot boat is literally double the Size. In theory, there are plenty of situations where they do not have the right of way. In Theory. What theory They have the right of way. Are You reading blog if Another vessel is approaching you from the port or left side of your boat? You So it does that. So it depends on the direction. Oh, there's no way. That's what, oh no. Which that's exactly what I said. What's starboard? You did not take a poaching. You just said port or left side a second ago. Right. I knew that. Which one's Republicans? What's The bow, starboard Or port. Alright. My cool throne.


My cool thrones Trump. Okay. Stick to sports. But he is a very good golfer. Yeah, He looked awesome against Bryce. He did the video with Bryson and he, he was impressive. What'd he Shoot? They did, it's breaking, it's a series Bryson does called breaking 50 where him and one other person try and break 50 playing from the front tees. So like every scramble, every, yeah, every par four is drivable. Even par fives are drivable. I mean for Bryson, Did they do it? I think they shot minus 22. So I think 50 or maybe 49. They do best ball or do they do scramble or what? Scramble. Damn. But Trump, Trump had a a, He plays a lot of Golf. Two solo birdies and a solo eagle. Like on his own ball From the front tee.


Yeah. But with like If, you or I or PFT was playing with Bryson. It's doubtful that we would be have his, you know. Well I Would hope what happened A better golfer than me. Because he golfs. Yeah, He's 79. What happened on, on the first hole? He's saying He's old. Yeah. Wow. Hey what, what? You didn't say that about Joe Biden a week ago. What happened on the first hole when we played against Brooks. Right. We weren't playing with Brooks though. Like if we were playing with Brooks, we would've used his drive. No, no, I don't think so. Mine had a better lie. Got it. Better angle. Shit. He got you there. PFTI think. And what'd he do with it? What do you, what did you do With it? He made a bird.


He made eagle. Yeah. Sick. Yeah. Okay. PFT. Your Hot. Seat Cool tour. That was a very good Hot Seat cool tour on. Thanks. That was good. Hang. What? Who was on the Hot Seat though? Whale haters. Smaller boats. Oh, the haters. Smaller boats everywhere. The haters of which Really Billy, Billy Billy Football wrote a blog saying an angry whale. And that got me angry. Yeah. Why was Billy going after the animal? Yeah, I think Billy was just, he was casting his own assumptions onto the whale. It was dirty. It's a, a dangerous thing to do. Okay. My Hot Seat is, He tries to think it was capsizing it on purpose. Which is something that Killer whales. That's Crazy. Yeah, but that's a whale wouldn't Do that. Killer whales. But that's not a whale is it There fish? I don't know. No. Killer whales are whale orcas are whales.


I, again, I don't know. They got the blowhole right. I just, I thought I orca Whales smart. Yeah, they got the blow hole. You sure about that? Yes. You took a, did you get it in the boating class? I just imagine Hank doing the boating class being like, where the fuck are the questions about the whale? What Are, what are some other like very elementary boating questions to ask What? Because I think we asked him the two most common ones and he didn't know either one. Why aren't they asking me what I'll do if I see a whale? No, I was Right about the right of away one. What? Not really. No. In The starboard one. No you Weren't. What about, how do you, what kinda knot do you use to tie up your boat? What do you mean? I think that's a pretty easy question. Right. When you dock your boat, what kinda knot do you tie? A regular?


I don't, I don't know the name of the knot. What is the golden rule? I can tie the knot. What is the golden rule of boating? Etiquette. I don't fucking know. Boat others, the way you'd want to be treated. Yeah. You kind of did it do it do to others as you would have them do to you. Which that's not boating. That's just a very common phrase. Yeah. That's just life Boat boaters just took that. The boaters code. That was a mean, that was a mean question by PFT. There are many knots that you can tie to. Yeah. Tie up a Boat. Yeah. Okay. I didn't know I didn't Take a boating class. You said that was a very easy Question. How, how old do you have to be to be mandatory? You have to wear a life jacket the whole Time. Everyone has to wear a life jacket the whole time. That's just not true.


I 13. Yes. You got it. 13 is right. That's sometimes a trick question. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. Yeah. Yeah. 13 year olds are required to wear a life jacket at all times while the boat is underway. What's faster? A a mile per hour or a knot? Like a nautical mile per hour. What's rule nine in Boin? If you're just floating away in the harbor, you don't have to use a flare gun. No, This is, this is the problem. You miss Rule nine. Rule nine places the obligation on you, the small vessel operator to avoid impeding the large vessels while operating in a deep draft CH channel or fairway.


That's the small boat rule. You gotta remember Rule nine. Yeah. I mean the boats that I'm dealing with are like I'm dealing with right average size boats. Okay. True or false. An F 35 lightning two can land on an aircraft carrier. True. Okay. You know boats. Okay. True or false, you should not shoot a flare off in the harbor. True. Okay. Yeah. You do know boats. You know boats. All right. Nice past it. I feel like you're nervous that like the boating police are gonna listen To that. No, I mean I've gone on the boat one time this whole summer. I'm probably not gonna do it again 'cause I've just never used it. But What color are Coast Guard helicopters?


Bright and white, Aren't they? Aren't they orange? I have no idea. I feel like Coast Guard rocks orange sometimes. Hopefully I'd never find out. Yeah. Okay. Good point. Good point. As long as you stay outta the harbor, you don't need the Coast Guard. Okay. PFT. Your Hot Seat throne. My Hot Seat is Kevin Durant. Yeah. Kevin Durant. 'cause has he played yet? I don't think that he's played. I don't think so. In any of the tuneup games. Steve Kerr has said that he's not being sent home. That they need him, that he's gonna be their closer at some point. Yep. Kind of weird that Kevin Durant hasn't played at all yet. Maybe he's unhappy. Isn't that what we heard about Kevin Durant? Yeah. He could be. He's unhappy and he is looking to be traded. He's mad at Nike. Yeah. Mad at Nike.


Unhappy. And he'd like to be traded to France. Did you see Kevin Duran? This? I feel like USA team, especially nowadays. Like it's just great controversy that happens. Did you see Drake? Did I see Drake shared like a Go team with everyone except LeBron? Or did did I make That up? LeBron's the oldest guy on the team, so that makes Sense. No, because it was not that. I guess there was a clip where they were playing not like us and LeBron was like, Steph was like this song again, this is the only song in the world. I've heard it a million times. LeBron's like, I could play it a million more. Like this song, fucking rocks. Love that. So I just, I just saw the beef. I was like, oh, maybe that's real. Yeah. Drake can't do anything this summer. No. Like You can't. He has worse summer by far.


You Can't leave the house. Yeah. If you're Drake. Yeah. Not because you have to notify your neighbors. But I think that maybe Steve k just forgot that Kevin Durant's on the team. Yeah, probably. It's like home alone. Do you get to France? Kevin, Kevin, Hank. Is that crazy that you, like we can say with a matter of fact that you had a far, far better summer than Drake. It is crazy. That's nuts. Like it's not even up for debate. You dominated this summer compared to Drake. It's not over yet either. Congratulations. You got more winning to do. My Cool Throne is true love. True love is on the Cool Throne. Because you guys remember our, our good friend Paul Assassin.


The dancer from Texas. Yes. And her husband, the monkey Or Her, her, excuse me, her boyfriend at the time. Jeff Banks, a special team coach on the University of Texas and p Assassin spelled POLE. She's an exotic dancer. Her Monkey Gia allegedly bit a small trick or treater at Halloween. A couple years ago, P Assassin immediately clarified, said that it was clearly labeled Do not Pet My Pet Monkey. Yeah. When you come into our Halloween fun house. Yep. There's a big controversy about that. They just got married. Oh yeah. So Jeff Banks and P Assassin, I don't know if G is still with us, but they're married, they're, they found love. Steve Sarkisian, a bunch of other coaches. Were at the wedding showing support for the team.


I love that. I love it when a good story gets tied up like That. Yeah, that's Beautiful. Because for a while it seemed like we didn't know what was gonna happen. There's lawsuits, there's people getting arrested. Seemed chaotic. Well they settled down, they got married. True love, whole assassin, found love. So shout out to her. That's beautiful. It's beautiful. That is beautiful. I like having a good story every now and again. That's beautiful. Okay. My Hot Seat. I have, I have two, well first one is Tariq Scobel. Who is the presumptive Cy Young favorite for the Detroit Tigers is possibly gonna get traded and it's more a Hot Seat for me because I think we've told this story, maybe we haven't. When we went to Detroit for the draft and a WO came up to me, handed me an envelope and he's like, don't open this until I walk away.


And in that envelope it just said tq Scobel, Cy Young plus 400. And I bet it right then and there. So I have plus 400. I think he's like minus 1 25 now. But he might get traded to the Dodgers. Okay. So that's A problem. Yep. That's a big problem. If He gets traded to the Orioles, I'm good. If he gets trade to the Dodgers, I'm fucked. You don't want him in the National League? Yeah. I mean there's players who have won UNG while getting traded. IFF did it. I did Cliff Lee do it? I'm pretty sure he did when he went from the Indians to the Phillies. I think CE might've as well. Did Johan Santana or am I making that up? I don't think so. Maybe though. So it can be done, but you'd have to be incredible And you also probably have to get traded a little earlier.


So I might be in trouble if he gets traded to the Dodgers. Yeah. I hope he goes through the Orioles. But I feel like, I feel like the voters at least recently have become more tuned into, they don't take into account wins and losses nearly as much as they used to. Yeah. But You'd have to To be where it's like ERA So. if you have like one less start, that might not be the worst thing in the world. You'd Have to be insanely, insanely good. I'm looking it up right now. I'm pretty sure it was. Yep. Cliff Lee and Cece both did it. What was Cece? Was it, was it the same year? No. Oh Eight back To back years. Oh eight and oh nine. Oh eight and oh nine. Yeah. Yeah. So Cece, I remember, so I'm looking at it right now. Cliff Lee was a beast. Cece was insane. 'cause remember he was pitching on three days rest down that stretch for the brewers.


Cece went to the brewers and he had, he was 11 and two with a 1 6 5 ERA in 17 games started. That's pretty hard to do. Yeah. What was Cliff Lee the year that he did it? The, because they, they do only vote for what you do in that league. Cliff Lee. I'm looking at Right. Now. it gotta be Indians, Phillies, right? Yeah. Yeah. It was Indians, Phillies. But Cliff Lee was seven and four. Wait, So wait, the voting is 3 3 9 ERA Was there no one else in that? Oh no, he, did he win the Cy Young? I don't think he, no, no, no, no. It was, no, he won the Cy Young in oh eight. Yeah.


So it was just Cece I Think. So when you get traded to the other league, they only base their voting on what you did in your new league. They completely discard anything you did in the Al If. you go to the NL Also, I made this up 'cause Cece didn't. Okay. This Was bad information by this Reddit post that that I guess we both looked at. Yeah. I mean I just Googled it. Yeah. But you know what I'm saying. Big Kat, is that the rule? Yeah. If. you If you have, say it again like If, You get traded at the deadline and you have a monster first two thirds of the season or whatever. And let's say you're, I don't know, 10 and one with a 1.2 ERA, then you get traded and then after that trade deadline, then you go, I don't know, six and four.


Yeah. And you have a like 3.1 ERA. They won't give you the Award even though you average out to somewhere like, I don't know, in the twos. ERA. No, I think that, so Sutcliffe did do it. So it was right about that. He had, he was four and five for the Indians in, in 1984. And they got traded to the Cubs and he was 16 and one and he won the NL Si young. Right? Because he was so, he was so good for The Cups. But did they throw out Yeah. Even really good beforehand? Yeah, I think so. That probably rocked back in the day. If, you got traded as a pitcher to the National League. Yeah. It's like one free out. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah, the, I don't know either way.


My other Hot Seat was Joe Biden 'cause he might be dead. And then my cool throne is what I think he Was. He was seen today. Oh he Was? Yeah, he was seen coming off his plane. Oh, he is not dead. That's always good. Yeah. All right, great. It's Always good when you're talk about your president and you're like, don't worry. He's been seen. We saw Him. Someone saw him. Great. Okay. What about Jimmy Carter? That one, I mean, he doesn't wake up for full days, so who knows. Yeah. My cool throne is the Wisconsin Badgers. 'cause they're finally serving beer at Camp Randall. I took a very long time, but we're there. That Must have been the only place in the state of Wisconsin where you couldn't buy a beer. It's crazy. I think they probably just did it because they're like, it's gonna get too drunk. But yeah, it's good that finally they're serving beer.


I think they were doing it in like some of the VIP areas, but now everyone gets to drink beer. I like that. Yeah. Okay, Huey. So I'm gonna start with my cool throne. It'll lead into my hot throne. Oh, hot throne. Okay. So, Well Hot Seat, you know. Cool. Well, you're starting with your cool Throne. Cool throne. Oh, it's gonna get hot. It's gonna Get hot. This has never been done before. We're revers before. We're flipping it. Rev reverse. It's never been done. Cool Seat Cool Throne. The WNBA. Okay. Yeah. With the best ratings of the All Star game of all time. The, the best ratings ever was 1.4 million. This top 3.4 million.


Wow. Last year was under 900,000. So we're just colossal upgrade over last year's performance and numbers. I wonder who that could be from, but Might be you. Maybe there's a talking About on this show, Caitlin Angel, Huey. Print the shirt. Print the shirt. But my Hot Seat, coincidentally. The Wwn. BA. Oh, Okay. Okay. They were, That would've also led into the other way around. Could have done that, huh? I guess you're right. Yeah. They won't be playing basketball for four weeks. Okay. So imagine if, like the 1988 dunk contest.


It was incredible. And then the NBA just didn't happen for four Weeks. Yeah. That's solid. All the momentum they've gained, just nothing's gonna happen. And T-M-U-S-A is not even the best team of women in the, in the USA, right? Yeah. As we saw the, this past weekend. So yeah. Just a, you know, colossal mess up from them. But I guess nothing we can do. That's the part that sucks. Yeah. That, that they didn't think about. Like, if Caitlyn Clark was on Team USA there, it wouldn't be four weeks off. It would be Team USA. Yeah. Now. it feels like you're just kind of watching something else. Damn. Yeah. That's, yeah. Caitlyn Clark should just live stream herself playing basketball at the same time. The team Just a, just shooting threes. Yeah. Just take all the, all of the viewers. Alright. Good job, Hui.


Let's do some Mount Rushmore.


Mount Rushmore is brought to you by our friends at Pepsi Saucy, stretchy, crunchy, gooey messy. Pepsi is an essential part of the most undeniably delicious food moments. Let's face it, Pepsi just makes every bite better. The refreshing pop of sweet fizzy Pepsi bottles or bubbles makes even the best food taste even better. Grab a Pepsi zero sugar for your next meal as every crave worthy bite is better with Pepsi. See this right here? I had wild Cherry Pepsi. Just finish it. It's so good. Last sip. Pepsi goes with all foods. Pizza, wings, burgers, everything. Breakfast, everything is better with Pepsi.


Okay. Mount Rushmore. What is Hank? I blew it. I blew it. People did not like the Patrick Mahomes pick. I blew it. Hey, you finished in second to last place again. I fucking blew it. Hot streak. You blowing it. I keep blowing it. So you're not, you're you're climbing back outta the hole. Yeah. It's a long season. Just gotta keep my head down. Focus. I just fucking blew it. So, Big Cat unfortunately keeps blowing it, which is really tough. 'cause he's not trying to blow it. No. But have you thought that maybe he's trying to blow It? No, I, I don't think he would do that. No, I would never do that. We also, did you hear what they came up with? Hank and Max came up with as a, a punishment for Mount Rushmore. No, this was memes. This was memes. Memes. Sorry. Memes.


We don't have to, we we don't have to do it, but we put it in the hat. Or we could make it the thing. I don't think I did hear memes. Okay. So here it is. And I, I do think that it's a perfect punishment. Maybe in the hap or maybe we say this is just the punishment. Memes had an idea that the loser of Mount Rushmore has to win a national title in the new college football game on Heisman and can't stop till they do it. Okay. I don't hate That. It'd be very good stream. The more you get to the end, the more pressure becomes Right. Right. And then as soon as you lose, it's like, oh my God.


Gotta start over. Over. And you can do any school. Any school. We say we were gonna all pick a school, a big school and put it in a hat, and then you had to pick outta the hat. Okay. And, and we were gonna say offense only because it would take so long if we did offense and defense. I think if it's offense only, then you'll never Win one with defense. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And, and also, offense only makes it, so we've done the math, it's about four and a half hours, five hours for one single season. So, if you do doing of offense only So, if you do offensive o only you should be able to have like five or six cracks at it in a 24 hour stream. Okay. Yeah. I'm, what, what does everyone think I'm in? I think it'd be pretty fun.


Yeah. I think it'd be pretty fun. And. it would definitely do big time numbers. I gotta get a coaching staff like you and have 12 people giving me plays all Day. Well, that sounds like you're coming at me a little bit. No, it just, it's a, it's a great punishment for you. What do you mean I'm bad at the game and I played all American. You guys have more chance to play the game than I do. Hank Aren't, aren't you on his coaching staff? No. I got, I got fired. You Got fired. Oh, okay. He was laughing at me. Hank you realize that you have so much more free time to get good at this game than I do. Yeah. I like it. Let's do it Like you have infinite amount of free time compared. I, the only time I play is when I'm streaming. I'm never gonna get good at this game. Let's do it. Hank doesn't have that much free time Golf Vacation.


And we could just put, we could put it in our hat of other punishments, memes came up with it. I just, I'm doubt for that. I think it, I think it's, it's the best One. I do think it's the best one for the viewers. Yes. The Viewers. That's the thing. I agree with that. Viewers Live's the best one Because I, Because also it's, I always like the streams where like, you just have to sleep on stream. Right. Shit hits the fan. Like you just have to Do You want me to do, do you want, if I lose Mount rush rush season, I have to do it in Madden because I've, I'm not playing Madden. No. Is it unfair advantage? No. No. It has to be college Football. I think you guys have as much time to play. You have more time to play. Yeah. I'll get grinding. Here we go. Come outta the golf time. I al there's a part of me that thinks you should go, have to go undefeated too.


No. Whoa. No national champ. But you just Restart the season. You know how hard Heisman is. Heisman is very hard. Yeah. All American is giving, I can't win games. It's insane how hard Heisman. I might, this might, I may never get outta this. May never. Okay. I'm, I'm down for the punishment. Let's do it. Yeah. I think it will be added to list very extreme for the people. Okay. So we're doing the Mount Rushmore of breakfast food. Who's going first? I believe I'm up first. Okay. I need a good Mount Rushmore. I sucked. Patrick Holmes is a, was a cheeky pick that pe people were very upset. Which it's good because Mount Rushmore people should get people feeling something. I have a But I fucked up.


We, this is gonna get confusing. I That Oh, rush. I think I know what your question is. I think that there should be, I don't think you can. I think you can pick different variations. Yeah. There's gonna be different eggs. Yeah. That's Basically eggs. You can't say eggs. You Can't just say eggs. There will be eggs. Yes. Yeah. Yes. There can be variations of, of those. Yeah. Yes. Yep. They just have to be specifically different. Okay. So I'm up first. Yes. I'm going to go waffles. Mm. Love waffles. Mm. Superior to pancakes in every way. Mm. So anyone complain? I used to be pancakes, but I think I'm You, you can't really complain because there's so many more picks still on the board.


No, no. That could give your opinion. Okay. It gives up Picks. Yeah. That's fair. All I'll say about waffles is I do think waffles have a, a significantly higher ceiling. But I think a bad w like I pancakes are hard to fuck up. A bad waffle is really bad. Right. I, I agree with that. But it's A little more volatile. But the ceiling is Way high, but it's rare that you get a bad waffle. Right. Right, right. Very rare. I've had, I've had maybe three instances in my life where I'm like, this is bad waffle waffles. Versatile. You can go sweet. You can do the whipped cream, you can do chocolate on there. You can do strawberries or you can go savory. Put some chicken on there. Even a little bit of hot sauce, maybe some syrup or honey on there.


Waffles. Very ver versatile. I love a waffle. Agreed. The nooks and crannies make it. Okay. This is gonna be a tough draft. Alright. I think this is going to be the second time I take this, this summer. But I'll do a bacon, egg, and cheese. Okay. Easy. Good. Pick. It's Breakfast. I know that it's not, it's sit down B but I mean, we're doing all breakfast. Bacon, egg and cheese. Yeah. I would've thought that was the no-brainer. One. One. Yeah. Shut The fuck up. Hank. It is the go-to, I don't really know when you can have a bad one. Bacon, egg and cheese. I'm gonna have to throw this later.


I'm gonna go similar. Sausage, egg, and cheese. Mm mm Okay. That's kind of a cuck move. Like taking the same thing, but you know that it's not as good. Agreed. Yeah. Yeah. But we're not getting contentious today. Wait, are you saying that foreplay is better than sex? Hank, is that what that was an illusion to? N no. Okay. What are you talking about? All Right. It seems like you're being spicy with that. I Just said it. I I can't agree with your points now. Okay. Gun to your head. Would you take bacon, egg and cheese or sausage? Egg and cheese. Sausage. Really? Yeah. I would Take sausage too. Interesting. I love Bacon. I'm gonna go, I love bacon. Me too. Oh, I'm gonna go pancakes. Okay.


Pancakes for the table. Yep. Pancakes. Pancake house in Chicago. Greatest pancakes I've ever had. Yeah. Like That's the thing. It's a fluffy pancake that's just, oh, I'll tell you what, when we had to, I fucking love pancakes. When we had to eat all those pancakes on the live stream. Those were good. I didn't even mind it. Yeah. It was Great. I crushed those pancakes. Blueberry pancakes are so good. I love blueberry pancakes so good. I like blueberry. I don't really like chocolate chip pancakes. I think they're a little too much. But that's, I agree with you. Yeah. I actually, this is gonna be the one time we don't sound like the fattest people here. I think the chocolate chip pancakes are too much. I like the sweetness to come from the syrup. Right. I need it to come from the chocolate. I like, I like having one chocolate chip pancake. Homemade chocolate chip pancakes are actually better than the ones they make in restaurants because they do too many chocolate chips.


Yes. Yeah. Yes. What About banana pancakes? Yes. I like bananas on top. I don't like them in Strawberries on top of my waffles. Always good Whipped cream. Dude. Breakfast is so Good. It's the best. It's great. It's the best. Now I will go a breakfast burrito. Mm. Good. Strong one too. Yep. Good pick. Good pick. Good Pick French toast. Mm. Okay. Now what do you think about these places that get real cute with it? That put like edible flowers and shit on there? Because I Think that's a lot of places. Like, I think a lot of restaurant breakfast places try and over complicate pancakes, waffles, French toast.


Like you don't need that much shit on top. They in maybe some fresh fruit. They make it palatable for Instagram. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, look at this flour on my french toast. Like I don't need the whipped cream. I don't need the, the flowers I don't need, I just, maybe some Whipped cream's. Good fruit, Bananas. Maybe some bacon on the side. Yeah. Yeah. Agreed. Little powdered Sugar. When we go, ah, I got a question. Okay. I don't wanna make it a, a thing like, can I do a specific order or does it have to be just one by I wanna take steak and eggs. I, I I think that's fine. That's like a, that's like a bre a known breakfast meal.


It's A, that's a close one. You tell me There's an an Okay, then I won't, I'm being very, I I want to be as, I wanna be very, I'm trying to be fair too. Yeah. I'm being fair. I have, I wanna be fair. I, I wanna Be fair though. But that Okay. I wanna be as fair, as fair as possible. Steak and eggs. Steak and eggs doesn't count. You know what? Okay, that's fine. Well, No, that's fine. I, I have no problem with not doing steak and eggs. I just wanted to, 'cause it is like, you know, that's a breakfast thing. I actually, I'm coming around on it because it, it's an order. Right? It's a breakfast, it's An order. Yeah. You don't, you don't get steak for B Yeah. For breakfast. But you do get steak and eggs, right? Yes. Right. And there's other things that are like that, Right?


Yeah. That Yeah. Yeah. Like there's a, there's a thing, there's another thing out there that will have multiple things in it. Yes. Yes. That can be picked. That I think has to be picked. Yes. Okay. So are we allowing it? Hank was the only one who doesn't want to, I think, I think it's fine. I never, I Literally never said that. I'm, I'm gonna throw it in the form. Okay. Alright. You weren't throwing it. What? No, I'm not, He's not gonna throw. But you just said you were going to, That was, they're cutting that. Got it. He's gonna throw it in the fourth. Like Patrick Mahomes. I am going to take, I really do. I, that was a bad pick by me. But I do think that we glossed over the fact that Hank didn't realize that humans are animals.


Yeah. That's that's very true. Also That part was, I it was a bad pick a hand up, bad pick. Got a little cute. Hank did not know humans were animals. Yeah. Also Mount Rushmore season. There, there used to be a ton of cute picks. Yeah. If, you go back. Yeah, we, we did. We've whittled it down. Yeah. So one cute pick stands out and I Own, I own it being a bad pick, but I think the shock that Hank had, I think there was probably some listeners too that didn't realize humans are animals. You didn't know that? No. Okay. I'm impressed that you're live. Same. Yeah. Good job. Oh, maybe not. I just had to get it off my chest again. Bad pick. I own it, but yeah. Humans are animals.


Okay. Okay. Next up. I'm going to go breakfast tacos. I think breakfast tacos are better than breakfast burritos. Wow. Breakfast tacos are elite. They're my favorite. You can grab two of them. Max. You can have three if you're hungry. You have four. You Respond. I have your response. Your rhetoric. I in Austin, you are correct. Yep. But The rest of the country, breakfast burrito is always better than a breakfast taco. Yeah. I don't, I don't know the rest of the country. Where are you? Where have you had a good breakfast taco outside of Austin. I had a good breakfast taco here. Really good breakfast taco. I Didn't get How many places have you had a good breakfast burrito? Everywhere. I also had a good breakfast burrito yesterday. Literally yesterday morning.


Yeah. I had a great breakfast. Breakfast tacos are good, but they're, they're like a, they're a treat for like certain parts of the country. I like both. The only thing I'll say that, that sways me towards burrito is that as a spill guy, I like to not start my day off with a spill. So what I like about the breakfast taco is you can, that's it. You can meter out your, your dipping sauce or your salsa more accurately on a breakfast taco. Yeah. Than you can a burrito where you have to go. Like sauce, bite, sauce, bite. Oh, I like the sauce bite though. Yeah. Or you get the sauce in there. Get a fresh bit of, you get a fresh bit of sauce in every bite. What fresh sauce makes a difference? No. 'cause then sometimes If, you let it sit for a little bit. It'll get a little like soggy. Like If. you Not If, you eat a breakfast taco and it's like three bites.


Yeah. I, yeah. I mean, I, I like breakfast tacos. I'm not, I'm not. Okay. Both are great. You're the one, you're the one who's coming at my pick. I said, I liked your pick. Well, it's a big rivalry. Here's the thing. I, there has not been a pick that I wouldn't eat. You have this. That's really what it comes down to. It's a strong draft. It's, it's all Things we want. Okay. Next up, I'm gonna go with hash browns. Mm. Hash browns are so good. Good. Pick when they're crispy. Good. Pick thin Waffle House. Hash brown. Can I specify Waffle House? Hash browns? Yeah. Waffle House. Hash browns. Smothered covered chunk. Diced. Peppered. Okay. As your whole meal, You can, yeah.


They make actually big hash browns. You can load 'em with meat and stuff too. And Hank these are breakfast foods. It's not breakfast meal. Yeah. I, I As a category. It's FYII Was hoping it would stick to me. It would stay to me. But, and I know people would be like, well, you can't really have a whole meal like that. But donuts, donuts are breakfast food and they're delicious. And I love them and I love donut day every Saturday. Nothing. I mean like donuts. It's a good pick. Oh, Whoa. Max has got his fingers crossed. What was that? He's hoping that the next one gets to him. Is that what I was Max talk.


We're a podcast. It's fine. He's Nervous. You are you hoping something gets to you? I am hoping something that Gets you. Do you think donuts or is a bad pick? Donuts is a great pick. Is omelet. We were worried about Did you take omelet? I'm Taking omelet. Love that you took omelet, bagel and cream cheese going this way. So. Okay. Oh, all right. I thought you were gonna take meatballs. Omelets a good pick. Yeah. Omelet was what I was talking about. Omelet. You obviously have a bunch of stuff in it. Yeah. Like, that's, that's what makes an omelet and omelet. That was kind what I was saying with the steak Base. Yeah. Omelet. Omelet is great. Like, we're gonna get to something that bagel and cream cheese, Good pick bagel and cream cheese is just like a standard. Such a great way to start your morning. Not too much.


Just, I'm just so out, out outmanned in these food crap. And my, I The, well shout out Pepsi. Hey. Hey. They're sponsor the food Draft. This, this isn't like super difficult though. It's breakfast food. Everyone loves breakfast. I know, but I just, I, I eat just to fill my stomach. These guys eat for passion and love. I Was gonna say, max, would it be offensive if I took my last pick as a backup bagel? Because I would like a backup bagel. A pack of bagels. Great. A Backup bagel. I bagel did a ba bagel. I did a backup bagel in, in, at home the other day, like on a Sunday. I literally just had a bagel and then went back and just got a half And. it was like great. It's, it's a good, it's fucking off.


It's a good ratio. Okay. It's my last one now. Yeah. And I'll finish with eggs Benedict. Yep. I had that on my list. Okay. That's another dish that sometimes gets cute with it. Yeah. But, but like, Good solid. I'm not a big egg benedict. Good eggs Benedict Beic. Is It? It's for me, that's like a treat. Like if I'm going to like a brunch. Yeah. And they have like, they're known for their eggs Benedict. It always tastes Good. How do you get your eggs? What do you, aren't they just poached eggs? Yeah. Poached eggs. Yeah. On egg. Oh, on eggs be, oh, you mean in general? Yeah. Well, I thought you were asking on an egg benedict. On Eggs benedict. They're, they're usually poached, but you can like specify It. How do do guys get your eggs be like, like normal If. you say two eggs side of bacon. I'm gonna Scrambled scramble raw.


Really? Yeah. I go over Easy. Yeah. Over easy fried. Over easy with like a side of toast. Yeah. That's the difference between men and boys right there. You just, Yeah. I don't like over easy. Sometimes I like You, you love scrambled eggs. Yeah. I like scrambled eggs. Scrambled eggs are Good. Yeah. Have some more scrambles. And come sit next to my kids. I'll have some scrambled eggs. Well, I eat a fucking over easy egg like a man. You probably just don't know how to make good scrambled eggs. I, that wasn't even the question. If you were saying wasn't even realize how stupid it was too. The question, it's literally the easiest thing in the world to make. No, No, no, no, no. I mean, good. There's good scrambled eggs and there's bad scrambled eggs. Yeah. It's like hotel continental breakfast scrambles. Yeah. But That's because sitting, once I learned, sitting out, once I learned the Gordon Ramsey method of making scrambled eggs, it Completely What's Gordon Ramsey?


You just call everyone in the room a con. No, you gotta get, you gotta to constantly stir it. Constantly stir It. And then Yeah, you go, You add a little milk. You stir it on. No, no, no milk. Oh, I add a little milk. Just butter. I add a little milk and cheese. Yeah. Yeah. You can add A little bit of milk. He Creme fresh. So you do, it's like 15 seconds on the heat, then take it off 15 seconds while you're stirring off the heat. Right. And then back on the heat. Go back and forth. I had a little milk that Yeah. They make a, make it a little fluffier. Yeah. I don't like the milk. It's good. You should Try it. You don't even notice it. You stir it in. Yeah. Okay. Hank last pick. You're, you're not happy with your draft. What do you have so far?


He's got omelet, sausage, Egg, and cheese. Yep. Omelet. Yep. French Toast. French toast. Toast. Yeah. That's a good heck. You have a good, that's great. I'll, I'll You'll play Safe. You know what I think the matter is here? You're not getting the votes because you're down. You're not confident in your I don't care about the votes. No. I just, I can, when I hear these guys talk about food, I realize how outmatched I am. It's like, you, you go and you know you're a good D two team and then you go play D one team and you're like, oh, these guys are just Peter Too. D likes to talk about food too, too. I love talking About food. Yeah. We Just had tacos and burritos. I'll go bacon. Okay. Good pick. Okay. I I, it's classic. I don't know if this is gonna fuck me or not, but it feels like just an enormous omission because when you think of breakfast, you think of like what everything would Be saying.


Oh, I know exactly what you're just gonna say. Cereal. Yep. Cereal. Yeah. I like, I eat cereal every day. So I thought about cereal. It's a great breakfast food. It's, it's breakfast Soup. Yeah. I mean, I, I I, I know what this draft is. Like, we're obviously talking about like going to a diner, but like when I think breakfast cereal is my, is what comes to mind. Cereal's Better at night than the morning. I don't know. I eat, that's a hot cake shit. Load of cereal. Yeah. It's a very hot cake. I eat a lot of cereal. I, I it's just, it's old. It's steady and reliable. Yeah. So there have been many mornings where I've got the time I can sit down and make myself a nice egg over easy. I could even poach it. Do like little side of hash browns or whatever. And I look at the Honey Nut Cheerios in my cabinet. Yeah. And I'm just like, honey nut Cheerios really can't be topped.


Yeah. I feel like I, because when I was writing out the list, I was like, wait is cereal? Yeah. Cereal's a breakfast food. What the fuck? You might've fucked yourself by accident though. Why? Because like how cereal shows up on the graphic. I Don't know. I mean, I, it just is the most consistent breakfast food. But yeah. I might have fucked myself. Dang. And then Hank would be, yeah, that'd suck. You guys. What, what The cereal I've been rocking recently. If, you can find it's not at every single store. Peanut butter checks. Oh, okay. Incredible. I love checks. And peanut butter. And peanut Butter. And It's so good. PFT It's fucking, you can't, you know, it's good because it's not at every store. And then when you see it, you'll, it'll be like all sold out.


When I see a peanut butter checks in a store, usually Target has it. I'll buy like five Boxes. Yeah. And you know, cereal's good when there's types of cereals that your parents won't let you have. Yeah. Because they're too good. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. My last one. This is my, maybe my favorite item that you can purchase at a fast food restaurant in the entire world. Oh, the Taco Bell. Breakfast crunch wrap. Mm. It is so fucking good. See? You think You could have picked that? It is so good. I want one. I'm gonna order one tomorrow. So good. It's, it's elite. It's got eggs. You can get sausage in there, cheese, some sort of weird sauce that they don't tell you about. And then it's got hash browns inside and it's in the crunch.


Wrap. Good Pick. Very good pick. Yeah. Thank you. Very good. Pick. Alright. What did we miss? I was Gonna do beer until I, That would've been like mahome. You would've gotten killed for it. Yeah. I should have done beer. Yeah. Can I switch my last one to beer? Cereal. Oh Shit. You ever have burial? Gross. Gross. That always sounded so Gross. Gross. I've had beer Is, I have a lot of, Is a lot. It sounds cooler to say like, I had beer. Yeah, Bro. Cinnamon sugar poptarts. Yep. I had poptarts on there. Sausage gravy. Yep. Yep. Good. That was what I was thinking of when you said I was thinking biscuits and Gravy. Biscuits and gravy. Biscuits And gravy. Oh, that's why I was like, you If you do steak and eggs. You gotta be able to do biscuits and Gravy. Yes. Yes. Cinon rolls, gravy, cinnamon rolls.


Sticky buns. Banana bread. Zucchini bread. McGriddle. PFD. Honestly, one of my favorite b breakfast is when we had an Austin. The Magus. Yeah. Magus. It's a Breakfast taco. It's a, it's a very, no, well it's not a taco. It's like, Well, it comes with side tortillas and you scoop the magus into the, the, Oh, I think, what, what are the ones where, where they're like the chips and you put The egg. Yeah. It's Magus. That, that was unbelievable. Those were so good. I've never, I haven't had it since, but I've been thinking about it. A little free tip to people out there. You're making your own magus at home. You just make eggs and then you crumble up. You first you put cheese on top after it's done cooking, then you crumble up some flaming hot cool ranch Doritos on top. And then you're in heaven. And then thank me later Chili aquiles.


Have you guys ever Had that chili? Yes. Delicious chili. Aquiles Ba basically breakfast nachos. Yeah. I think that I like home fries sometimes more than hash browns. What's the difference? It's like The potatoes are not, they're like chunks Of paint. Oh no, no thanks. Yeah. Ash brown. Every day. Wait, with a little, with a little. It's like, if it's cooked correctly, it's like, there's some onions and peppers and it's like kind of cooked crisply. I, I go to this one place. I don't wanna say the location because I don't want to blow up the spot. 'cause it's sat good. But the home fries are par The potatoes are cooked perfectly. What about just breakfast sausage in general? Yeah. I love breakfast sausage. Yeah.


What else? Yeah, banana bread was a, was big. Oh, muffins too. Blueberry muffin Muffins are good. How do we feel about parfaits? I Like parfaits. Love a parfait. I feel like I'm in the minority. I don't know. I feel like people just look down at yogurt. Yeah. Yeah. I Like, I like oatmeals bananas and strawberries, but I don't think that's a sexy pet. Yeah. I, I love a, a good parfait with, but you need the, there's nothing worse than a parfait. When you run outta granola. I need the, the right ratio. Right. Because The granola makes it look like it's super healthy. And also the granola, like, you get that crunch. You're not just eating, like, just eating yogurt is very, it's kind of blah. Yeah. But with the parfait and the, and some fruit Parfait is good. It's refreshing. Very Refreshing.


It's very Light. Like good summertime. Yeah. Your body took a shower. How do we feel about like European breakfasts? Oh, with the beans. Beans And beans on talks. Yeah. We won a war for that. British people eat. Here's the most fucked up thing about Great Britain. Besides the fact that they eat beans on toast, they also make blood pudding for breakfast. Yeah. So. if you have a traditional English, English breakfast, it's this red disc that comes out. And. It's just filled with guts. Yeah. And they, it, they let it congeal into almost like a, a loof A loaf of blood I've had before. I've it, the black puddings. It's not, it's, it's, it's fine. It's, I have a, I have a trust tree thing that I know that is gross to most people that I have like, oh.


A couple times a week. And that's like cottage cheese and blueberries for breakfast. Ah. I ever got into cottage Cheese. I know that it, like, I love it. I've been having it since I was like a kid. And it's kind of gotten like a viral thing on like TikTok recently because it's very, like, it's very high in protein cottage cheese. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I love it. I, I'll just do like a bowl of cottage cheese and blueberries. There's, I love everything about cottage cheese. Cheese except for how it tastes. Yeah. I like, and, and I trust people. Like, a lot of people like Max that I trust their food opinions. They love cottage cheese. It's like Radiohead for me. I respect everything about Radiohead. People that I know that have good taste in music, really enjoy Radiohead.


Just can't listen to it. I love Radiohead. I respect that. I respect your love of radio. I Appreciate your respect. I appreciate your respect. Okay. Anything else We missed Huey. You got it. You got any Huey, anything? Go ahead. No. Okay. All right. I had one cheeky pick that I've learned my lesson that the awls don't want me to do two Crazy. But I think it's an elite breakfast cold slice of pizza. So good. I think that would've played. I, I think that would've played. Yeah. I know I'm gun shy now with but cold slice of pizza there. It, it's zero calorie.


Tastes great. Just put a little hot sauce on it. Yeah, it's great. I love, I love having pizza for breakfast. It's very good. Yeah. It's very, very good. Okay, let's get to our interview. We got Nate Bartzi. Great interview with him. PFT You got a couple ads before we do that? Yeah. Before we get to Nate, he's brought to you by our good friends over at Gametime. Can we look up, see what the, who are the Cubs playing this week We are playing the Brewers. And so today you can buy afternoon game and then we're going to Kansas City for the Royals. Okay. 25 bucks tomorrow. 25 bucks tomorrow. Today to get in at Wrigley. Yeah. Yes. That's a great deal. Use Gametime. Go see a Cubs game.


Go see a baseball game. It's summertime Perfect time's Duck Outta work and just sneak off. Go see a ball game. Go after work with Gametime. They're the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You shouldn't have to worry when you buy tickets to your next big event. Gametime is the fast and easy way to buy tickets to all the sports, music, comedy and theater events near you. They have flash deals for sudden discounts zone deals for when you're feeling flexible. And their lowest price guarantee means that If, you can find the same seats for less anywhere else. Gametime will credit you 110% of the difference. I recently went to a Cubs game on a Friday daytime game. It was an absolute blast. Got one of those baseball bats that they fill up with beer.


Got in using Gametime. Had to buy nine tickets. And. it was super easy to share the tickets with my friends. I just purchased them and then passed them directly by texting them. Gametime is the best. It's the best place for last minute seats. Up to 60% off your favorite events. What are you waiting for? Take the guesswork outta buying game out of buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT Get 20 bucks off your first purchase. That's right. We're giving you 20 bucks off your first purchase when you download the Gametime app and on your first purchase. You use code PMT terms apply. Download the Gametime app today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Nate Azis also brought to you by our great friends over at Chevy. Chevy has been a partner of part of my take for a long time. This is is a Chevy Truck podcast. Everybody knows it. The greatest trucks ever built Chevy. The Silverado partners with us every si single season to give college fullbacks all the rightful recognition that they deserve with the low man Award. Shout out to Ben Senate. Won it last year from Kansas State and we're growing the Low Man Council as well. Kyle Uch has agreed to be on the Low Man Trophy voting council. And it's brought to you by Chevy trucks. They powered our nonstop country, our nonstop cross country trip to the Super Bowl in la. It was behind the wheel of a Silverado. And they helped us dig the biggest hole ever dug in Ohio during Grit Week.


Chevy Silverado, longtime awesome partner of the show. A truck with commanding unstoppable grit, legendary capability and dependability. Two, find out for yourself like so many other aws. Go to chevy.com. Check out all the Chevy truck grit. Build your own Silverado for do it yourself projects to road trips off road adventures to tailgates. Whatever your thing is. It all starts with Chevy Truck. And now here's Nate Zi. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, recurring guest. It is our chill week interviews presented by Chevy Silverado and Coors Light. It's comedian Nate Bartzi. Thank you boys. One of the funniest guys in the world. Well, Wow.


You're is his mom likes me. Yeah. My Mom. My mom is a massive Fan. I was just say I'm a, I'm a parent's comics parent. You've ever, you've heard the, the phrase comics. Comics, yeah. Like I'm a, I'm a comics parent's comic. Yeah. Like, 'cause all the comedians, if they were like dirty, they would always tell, they'd be like, well, go watch Nate and you. 'cause I would be clean. Yeah. So like all the Yeah, I do well with parents. Yeah. Parents can be like my, my son. He does this, this exact same Thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I gotta start sending your clips to my mom. 'cause like, Oh yeah. Dude, I'm, man, I'm send Her some Shane Gillis and she's like, what's wrong with It's a lot. Yeah. What's going on? So. Alright. So the golf tournament, we're probably, we're gonna run this next week or the week after.


So you'll have already played. Yeah. Do you wanna make a prediction on where you finish? I, I wouldn't say I, I'll I'll be in the positives of the It's stableford. Yeah. Scoring. So I think I'll be positives. I forget what I was last, I might've been positive six last time. I think I can get to positive double digits. Ooh. This Time. How's the game looking? 'cause you golf a lot. I do, but I, we just got done, I did a like 200 city tour and so it was, I, so I haven't gotta play a ton, but I've, I've, so for the last week or two weeks I've played pretty hard every day just to get ready for this. So it's, it's okay. Yeah. It's, but it's not, I mean, not anything crazy.


Yeah. I Mean, the good news is out here, like If, you have a bad shot. It's not like, oh, there's Nate Bargatze, like NFL starting quarterback. Yes. You get That, you get that, you get a little leeway where As a comic, I think you do. I thought about that the other day. I was thinking, 'cause it's like, as a comic, you can, you're just funny. So you can do something that's, I mean, really, you embarrass your family and then they, you're like, Hey, what? He goes, Hey, I'm a fun guy though. And they're like, yeah, that guy's a good guy. Yeah, You should, you should have like a colored handkerchief that you put, like you shank a shot and you're like, ha ha did it On purpose. Yeah. That's why my dad's out with me. He's a magician. So I, I have him just walk with me and then if people get distracted, he's like, oh, pick a car.


Yeah. He goes and talks to the crowd, Help you cheat. Like, just drop a golf ball outta Nowhere. Ball comes outta nowhere. Yeah. Wait, is your dad caddying for you? No, my brother is Okay. But he's Out here. Yeah. Because your dad is very, very funny. He's he is does a lot of your shows and he's, yeah. He's just the best. Yeah, he is. Yeah. Yeah. You feel any pressure to be funny though on the golf course? Like if you're paired up with like a random group Oh, you don't have the expectation of an athlete, but it's like, well Nate, he's gonna crack us up all day. Yeah. Yeah. You, we used to more when, 'cause you would be booked as a comic and you would, no one would know you. Not saying that they all know me now, but it's, but earlier you get there and I mean, these dudes are like, ugh. Like they're, you're, you know, you're like, Hey, I am a comedian.


And you, it's pretty hard to be funnier than those four guys that are best friends. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So you're, you know, you kind of like learn, you're like, yeah, I can't top You guys have a history. Yeah. You don't know who I am. And it. It's so, it's hard to top it. And so, but then you just learn to kind of tell stories or something. You just try to talk about stuff. We Were, we were out yesterday. We were in a, a random foursome with Kyle Ack. He's a, a fullback in the NFL. But the other guys, they were close friends. And one guy, you could tell he spent this entire year reading like golf one-liners, like semi dirty one-liners to say after every type of missed shot possible. And this guy was just ready to go locked and loaded with him.


And no standup comedian can compete with that. You can't, you know, when someone's, you miss a putt and someone, there's a guy he says, that reminds me of my first teacher, my first grade teacher, Ms. Reed. You're like, You hear and they're always funny. And like, even though you hear 'em a hundred times Yeah. When you tap the ball off the tee, that's the oldest and you go, that's one. Yeah. It's always really funny. Yeah. Like it's, it does. Yeah. It does. And so it's tough to top the Yeah. Yeah. Like you could tell the funniest joke in the world and then like, Joe farts in Frank's backswing and that's, There's nothing They gonna beat that. Yeah. Put that on an album. And it's Platinum. That's why golf, like videos are so big on social media. You know, y'all, we have foreplay and everything. Like, it's, it's so funny, dude.


It's, and golf is so specific that If you are into it and get it. It's so hard of a thing that it is the ball can, you know, I remember being a driving range with my buddy a long time ago, and he's a driver and he swings And. it just goes straight sideways, And. it just hits the people. It's almost like something that's like, well that's not even possible. Yeah dude. But golf is so beautiful. You're like, you can hit a ball. Yeah. Completely sideways. Maybe backwards. Yeah. The infinite amounts of ways to screw up on the golf course. Yeah. Oh yeah. And what the videos that we've been seeing a lot recently is the, the honking the horn in the backswing. Yeah. Don. Is That fun? Or is enough? You think it's funny? Don. I think it's, I don't think you know comedy.


Yeah, That's true. I I, I I don't think I do either. It is so funny. Yeah. I know. It's, you Like golf too much. Like I, we, it's, I Like it. but it's like, but how, how quick does it, you see two videos of it, then you're like, alright. Oh No, I, no, it gets funny. but it is Hours. It gets Better. This Yeah. This is, I I'm, there's nuance to it. I have a dumb brain. Like I, I have a long standing rule. If, you show me a puke video, I'll cry laughing. Like there's something about it. But yeah. The, the honking and the fad a few years ago where guys were hitting each other with golf carts, we were very clear. We didn't want that to happen. But If, you showed me a video of you hitting your friend with a golf cart. I will laugh. Yeah. 'cause it's funny. Yeah. That that, that was a wild trip. That was wild. I mean, full speed.


Yeah. Dave put a bounty on Riggs head then. Oh wow. 'cause they wanted, Riggs was like, we can't be posting these on the bar stool account. Yeah. And Dave was like, if anyone hits Riggs with a golf cart, I'll give 'em 20 grand. Geez. That's Probably a crime. But Yeah. Yeah. No, it's, It probably's like the NFL the bounty gate. Bounty gate Gig. Y'all have your own bounty gate. Yeah, We did. Which you don with The car. Yeah. You don't like the honking videos? I've seen it. I Don like, I don't know. I mean, it's like, I get it. It's like just, I think it's like, you're like, all right, I get it. That's fun. And then you just kind of moves on. That's the hard part with social media and like the funny jokes is like, it all is very funny, but it's just this kind of funny moment.


And then it goes crazy. Yeah. Drop the next and then it's like, all right, let's, you know, what's the next thing? And then you're, Yeah. It's all about the guy's reaction too. The the, the honking is not the funny part. It's the guy who gets so angry and like Yes, that's true. Will throw a club at the car. Yeah. And like, I'll just like, that was great. Yes. That was a peak of Comedy. Well that's when you had some golf courses. You can tell like when you see the courses where there's fights and all this stuff. You, it's like there's just some real deal public courses where you're like, yeah dude, dude dudes are in jeans. Yeah. Out dude. There're be Won. Yeah. You're like, people are going to fight. Yeah. And you don't hit into like, unless you're prepared to fight another four men, that's, I mean, it's a war. It Is. It's like Braveheart. It's like we're gonna just go four on four and run at each other.


And it's like, you, you might not even know everybody in your foursome, but if it's a fight, you gotta, it's jets for sharks. You gotta Go. You have to. I think you have to stay. Yeah. The hardest is when you get paired up with a random, I watch, I'll see some of those videos. They're funny where it just, you, they get stuck with some dude. That's terrible. 'cause that, that was the biggest fear of me for like forever. I never, no one likes it. No one likes it. you don't like to show up and you're just like, you gotta play with this dude. Yeah. You're like, ugh. You're the guy slowing it down. You're the guy who's in the woods the whole time. Yeah. That's my whole life. But yeah, yeah, yeah. Like that. Literally. You're describing Me. Nah, we're good. I'm good. I'm good. You sure man? you don want to We're look for it. Nah, nah, nah. They start helping you look for it and you're like, guys, just please, yeah.


Go to your ball. I'll Want, I'll just play your ball. Yeah, Yeah. I don't want you in here. No. Let's look for a second. We have time. Yeah. Just go to your ball, dude. I wanna live my life and not find it. I I I got a good one for you that I had never heard on the golf course. So I, I caddied for a few holes for Blake Griffin this morning. And he hit a shot. It was a terrible shot. Went all the way into the woods. The guy who was, it was a ProAm. The guy playing with us goes, that was a great shape of your shot. And I was like, what? He was complimenting him. He's like, the shape of the shot was incredible, but it was like a terrible shot. Yeah. So I think I'm gonna start saying that whenever someone has a bad shot, just like great shape though. Yeah. I don't even know what that means. Where you being put, it's like good swing or it's, you know, it something Curve.


It's a little, yeah. You committed to it. I think it means from Like a then you're like, ah, thanks man. There you go. Thanks man. Yeah. Scientific physics, You gotta rete it. But It three. But hey, If, You think about just like from physics, it is impressive that he was able to make the ball spin so hard that he took That he just went right into woods. He's like great shape. Yeah. I mean, a person that has never played golf can go make a ball spin. Like, it's really crazy. Yeah, it is. Yeah. Yeah. So you talked about like a random part. I think that's what kept me away from playing golf for so long was just you have to play with, you have to go out there and, and meet a new friend. Yeah. You're gonna hang out with for four hours. I actually did try to play one time back in like 2012. I was like, I'll try golf.


I go out on the course and I'm so bad. And the guy that I'm with, after about eight holes, he's like, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna go home. And we were gonna play 18. We're supposed to play 18. He was there for four hours. And he just said, you know what, I'm, I'm done. I'm done for today. And then I was like, well now I'm just never gonna play golf again. It was such a miserable experience. I played in like a, I did one mid am like mid amateur. I'm an eight handicap. I'm not. That's good. It's good. but it, I'm, You're talking to guys that are very Good. It's, but I played in one mid am a while, a long time because I think it was during Covid and there's, we played, and so that's like a real tournament. So you have to play, you know, you gotta put everything in you're, it's rules. It's like a PJ event, but for amateurs.


And so this guy's playing with us and we get to, he's just playing horrible. And then we get to the 10th hole and as a par three, he hits it in the water, then hits it in the sand, and then outta the bunker, gets into the water again and comes back. So, I mean, he's already pretty much done. And then right when we finish, he just takes his hat off. He goes, boys, I got a long drive ahead of me. I'm gonna get on outta here. Shook her hand and just left the tournament. So me and my Fred say it all the time. We're like, boys, I got a long, we'll get on out here. It just, he just bounced And no one that sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I respect that. I mean, he just, he looked it up and was like, dude, I'm gonna shoot 120 out. You like, I might as well just get beat traffic.


Yeah. There's, there is no traffic. 'cause there's 40 of us out there. Do This dumb thing. But I did that. I, I famously, I, I like to fuck with the internet and I'll put on the scorecard, whatever. I just feel like putting, like, I, I played like a month ago and I had, I think my score was like minus six on the front nine, and I still shot a 92 and I was like, just tweeted like, really got away from me in the back nine. And everyone's like, damn dude, you shot a minus six. So I sh I went out and played Shinnecock, which is incredible. And I decided, I decided to just say I shot a 72 and everyone was like, holy shit. But when I was playing Shinnecock, I was so bad. I didn't wanna ruin everyone else's time. I just like didn't play half the holes. Yeah. Yeah. I just was like, I'll you guys just shoot. Like I'll just walk with you. That's, But and that's the way it should be done.


Yeah. To be like, you do that where, because sometimes people play like a very nice course and if they're not good and they're like, well I want to put everything out and get a real score, you're like, we don't need to see your 150. Yeah. Right. Right. Like just, just if your ball goes outta bounds, drop it where mine is. Yeah. And write down your score from there. No one's Yeah. You know, Write down a 72 If you want. Yeah, yeah. Like I did. Yeah. The FedEx cup's not watching. Yeah, right. You kinda zero on holes that you didn't play. Yeah. That counts. Yeah. You're not Lying counts as you got a zero. Yeah. And then you get, you should at 48. Yeah. Right. Exactly. I feel pretty good about, Like, I feel pretty good genius Scoring. Is there, is there a guy that you're competing against this week? Like, is, is there a guy that you really wanna beat? Usually the comedians you want to do better than, so, okay.


Who else is out here? Cable guy, Ray Romano. Colin Jost. Okay. Yeah. We gotta beat Them. Yeah. And so usually the comics are the ones you kind of look at that you wanna beat. I'm trying to think if there's, you know, I always do a game with Larry Fitzgerald and so we'll do like a side game. And so like his, he beat me. I beat him when he played at t Pebble Beach, but he destroyed me here last year, so, so It's revenge. So I gotta Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so I'll just, you should come. I'll just, I'll find him. Yeah. He'll get a few games going. Yeah. Who's, who's the best standup comedian? Golfer, Tino. Oh yeah. He's Might be, he might be a I'm, I mean, I'm, I'm sure there's some, there's a good court.


Mcco is another guy, another comic. And he's, he caddied in PG for a little bit. And then Tino, I wanna say is two to four range. Yeah, he's good. He's, He's, yeah, he's, he's, and I've played with him. He's real, he's legit. Who's the worst Stave? Yeah. I mean, I've never seen him play I'd ima you know, you gotta swing around all that, you know. I mean, I know John Daly did it, but he doesn't, I feel like every, his whole body just, everything's in the front And. It's all, it's like too much front. Like there's no, you see him in the back and you're like, that guy's in shape and you look in the front and you're like, it's all there. Yeah. That's where it's At. He's kept it all there He goes. He kept it, he moved it up.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The, alright, so you had an incredible 2024, I know it's not over yet. Or 2023 into 20 24, 200. Wait, you said you did a tour of 200 cities, 200 shows, but shows 200 shows how many cities? It was like, I mean, 75, a hundred, yeah. A hundred, probably 150 cities something. So are you after such an incredible, like last year, which I would imagine was the best year of your career? Yeah, by far. Absolutely. And are you like hitting the reset or are you like, strike while the iron's hot? I gotta, I gotta stay out there. I'm, I'm gonna take a year off. So I got like, I probably have 20 shows left this year that are kind of sporadic, but the big bulk of the tour is done.


And so I'll just do some faires and casinos and some stuff like that. Yeah. And I will be off until probably in for the us I probably won't go back out again till June, July next year. So I'm taking about a year off. Yeah. So is that, is that specifically, I'm always curious with this, with, with comics, like your comedy especially is being a regular guy. Yeah. If you're on the road all the time, you're no longer a regular guy. Yeah. So are you doing that intentionally? Like, I have to just go back to live my life and I'll get new material? Absolutely. You gotta go home. You gotta go hang out with your buddies that, you know, are not in this industry. And so I just go back. I mean that, you know, and I'm from Nashville. I wanted to move back to Nashville, but a big reason to be back in Nashville was to make sure I don't write like everybody else.


Everybody, you know, your jokes can kind of, your point of view is different because you're just in a different position Yeah. Than everybody. So it just sounds different. Yeah. And so, yeah, I'll go back and, you know, home and I, I, there's a lot of stuff I've got I'm doing, but it's like, it, I overall, it's like I'm, I'm trying to get ready and get this new hour and get it figured out. Yeah. Have you found yourself, has there ever been a moment where you like start a complaint and you're like, God damnit, I'm, this is not me anymore. Like, you know, oh, it's like relating it to someone like, oh, it's like when they don't put this on your rider, like, you know, they don't put this in your green room and you, and you have to stop yourself and be like, shit, no one can relate to this.


Yeah. No. Yeah. I'm trying to think. I mean, I'm sure there it's, yeah, because It happens naturally. You just talk about your own Life it happens. Yeah. You're gonna have Problems happens. It happens to elsewhere. Yeah. Well, I, yeah, I try to be aware of that and not have it. I used to do a joke about get, I think I did it somewhere, but getting recognized at the beginning. 'cause people would always, like, they, like I would take a picture with someone, but then once I take the picture with you, then, then I have to then explain who I am to like 30 people. Yeah. Yes. Because people were like, well, what was that? Yeah. And I think I did this on, but then one guy was, it was at the airport and this one guy worked at the airport. He goes, what? Who are you?


I go, I'm a comedian. He goes there, is there any money in that? Like, he told me like, he would do it. Yeah. It was like, like, I'm a plumber. And he's like, how's that going now? He go, yeah, it's a good business now, man. I think you should get it. Think about making, get in. I Don don't wanna, dude, I go, right now is the time. I just took a picture with, I had another, a golf tournament. I did it for my high school and it's the Nate Boetti golf tournament. And this, I'm sitting there and this the same golf cart, these two guys and same group. One kid comes up and he was taking a picture of me. He is n he's nervous. He's kind of shaking. And I take a picture with him and he is like, we're just big favorite whatever. And then the, the guy in the next car comes up. He goes, so you still doing it? I go, yeah.


Still bouncing around. He's got a golf tour with my name on it. Yeah. Still plugging along, man. Maybe he thought that was the end where it's like, that is true. When you come home and do a golf tournament, like, you know what? It's over The end is usually when your name is on a golf tournament. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Is True. That is true. You're like, oh, he's, he went ba like, basically like when Pablo Escobar goes back to Meine or wherever he, The golf Es golf tournament. Yeah. No, but you're like, I'm going back to home. Like, this is my crew here. It's all I got left. Yeah. Like, you know, that, that analogy didn't really work for me. Well, no, it's also the, I liked the fact that he had a golf tournament. He did. He did. He's It's a classic, like end of a, a inspirational movie. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Where, you know, you finally accomplish your lifelong dream.


You had some tough times, you make it and now you're at a point my own golf tournament. Yeah. It's like happily ever after after That. Yeah. I mean, at least you get to say comedian. 'cause we always joke like, there is no thing worse. There's nothing worth worse in the world than when someone asks you what to do. And you have to say, I have a podcast. Yeah. If, you feel like the biggest douche bag ever because that is something that everyone's like, is there money in it? And they're actually asking like, are you doing okay? Like, do you need help? Yeah. Well, they, you full time. You probably get money full time. Yeah. Yep. It, it is my job. Like, What, what, what else do you do? What do you seriously do? Yeah. Like during the day. Yeah. You get, yeah. It's, it's, it's, people can't imagine making money outside of a traditional way sometimes. And so it's hard.


Like at the, you'd be on a plane sometimes. A lot of comics would just make up a job. Just something to Yeah. Because you know, it's gonna be like, what am I gonna have to talk to this guy About? I did that a couple weeks ago. Somebody asked me what I did. I said, I bought a lot of Bitcoin, so I just said I was a crypto bro. And then I did not expect a follow up question from that person about crypto. And I was, I had no idea what to tell them. Yeah. I Was like, that's a tough, that's what you gotta be real careful. You Got lucky. I ain't gotta pick a job that you had before. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, I got lucky as your answer until you go, I got, you know, just got in. Dude, My problem is when I, when I feel like I don't wanna say podcast, I just go to the previous job as blogger. Yeah. And I'm like, yeah, that's been around longer.


Yeah. Like Blogger is something that they're like, oh yeah, you're a blogger. That's, yeah. That's almost like mainstream media at this point. Blogging. So is it still Yeah, I think so. Blogging still, I think blogging took over for, I don't think you hear the word blogging. No, not anymore. I, yeah. I would be like, Ooh. Yeah. I mean, I'd Be like, my God, it doesn't feel good. Then I would follow up with, why don't you try to start a podcast S something Else? You're like, yeah, maybe I'll give it a go. Yeah. That's a good point. Yeah. I should podcast Just never say influencer. Yeah. At some point influencers. Yeah. That might even worse. 10 years from now, do you think if someone's gonna say influencer, they'll be like, Ooh, cool. Oh, it's, yeah. That's a brutal one, dude. Yeah. Yeah. And 'cause Yeah.


Who are you Influencing? Yeah. It's also If. you say that's your job description. You're basically calling all of your audience a bunch of marks. Yeah. You're like, they'll do anything I tell 'em to do. Yeah. Yeah. It's Crum job. Yeah. Yeah. That and, and asking someone to come on your podcast also sucks. Just being like, Hey, if who? Yeah. Being like, Hey, can you come on my podcast? Yeah. Oh yeah. It's, it's never feels good. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you have a, a very successful podcast. I don't know. I mean, you Don't Yeah. Our mean ours is coming around. No, it's good. Kinda crazy. Yeah. It's fun. I mean, it's also, I love the vibe of it because it's your friends. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Which is, I, we, we don't have guests. That's Wes smart man. I've liked that. 'cause Yeah, you don't have to, I didn't want to feel like I needed to invite buddies and make 'em feel like they have to come do it.


And then if one of the guys is out, I'll just have like, someone that I'm actually friends with. Right. So it's like a fun Yeah. So it's a real authentic thing. And, it doesn't feel like you're just like, I don't know how to talk to like, some of these a celebrity. You're like, I don't, dude, I'm not, I don't know this person. Yeah. Who sets the agenda for the podcast? Who sets it? Yeah. Do You, you guys like write That down? Yeah, they just, the Brian Bates who's on it, he usually will come up with a topic and then just look up stuff. And then we're just trying to talk. It's kind of a, we always say it's a show like Seinfeld, like show about nothing. Like, yeah. So we're just like, we just talked about sharks last week and then we just, we're just trying to do jokes and get going and, you know, just blow off Steam. Yeah. Did you watch that shark attack video?


No. I saw, I mean, I can, I like kind of saw it 'cause you could see like a leg, right. Something. And then I got, I changed Quick. That's Twitter now is just, dude, Twitter's getting, yeah. It's, it's Insane. It's insane. They're showing you stuff and you're a, these streamers, I don't, why do I gotta know? Speed. Yeah. Using speed. Yeah. I didn't really know what he's doing, but I don't really know. But I mean, it's everywhere. Everywhere. And like, that dude was in like other countries, he is getting mobbed and like Yeah. And then I'm like, what is happening? Yeah. And. it is weird. It makes you feel old when you're like, dude, there's a whole thing I don't even know anything about. Yeah. At Some point you gotta be like, I, I don't know if I have time to like fully understand what this is Even about.


Yeah. And everybody goes through that as you're, Hey, you just go like, I think I'm, I think I'm kind of done. Yeah. I'm, Yeah. Yeah. You're like, And it. I just don't. Yeah. It's, well, y'all should do it. Yeah. That's all's thing. It's nice to, every now and then, just like willingly say, you know what? I'm not gonna learn about this. Yeah. And just let it go. Well, you can see it when kids, like, even an event like this, the athletes to go up to Yeah. And like, who they want, you know, versus like, we see John Elway's to, you know. Yeah. And then the other guys see Josh Allen and they see the younger and that's like they, and they can see John Elway and they're like, I don't even know. Yeah. Who's that old guy? This is just an old man. Yeah. Yeah. And then you, their dad's, you, you don't know who he is. You don't understand. But yeah, Twitter is like, I, I think it's just rotting all of our brains because I'll go on and like, be like, oh, here's a person getting hit by a bus.


Here's a person on fire. I saw another one where it was just a guy who had a picture of his heroin that he was about to do before he started a stream. And I was like, what is going on? It's a, you shouldn't be desensitized to all that stuff. Yeah. Because it's, you shouldn't be seeing it. And then If, you happen to see something in real life, like you just then or don't care that it's a Human being. Yeah. You have to opt into it. When we were growing up, you'd have to go to those, like, there were like weird websites that everybody had One friend that knew like, yeah. Faces and the grossest web rotten.com, rotten do do com. And then he's like, I don't wanna go to Ricky's house. He's gonna make me look at, at live leak all night. Ebos world. Ebos World. Yeah. But now it's like you, you go on Twitter, you watch the video and then the next one that auto plays it is like, here's Ukraine.


Yeah. Yeah. There's a drone attacking a Russian. Yeah. You like, yeah. You liked watching this guy die. Well we've got more death videos for you. You watch like a half court shot. And then they're like, here's a family dying. You're like, and like then Twitter's like, we're just trying to get like, what are you into? Like, we go, we're trying to get a feel free here. Like I don't think I'm, that, I don't think I'm that big of a scale. Yeah. Yeah. I think I would like it tightened up a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty bad cat videos. Just some, some cute puppies run around every Yeah. But the worst is, I know when I click on it, like I'll, my fascination is there. So like the shark video I saw the woman's leg. It was horrific. I clicked on it and after I clicked on it, I was like, shit. I know the algorithm just got me. Yeah. I'm gonna see a lot of legs fall off soon.


Yeah. Like that's coming. Yeah. I'm Try to flick that. Yeah. That's smart. To see if I can get the algorithm off me. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Shake The algorithm, trying to shake the algorithm. Make you just like, no, no. And, and then you start, I feel like you see it start coming down. It's pretty weird. It's pretty. Yeah. It's crazy to watch. It's Crazy, crazy. The algorithm too though. I think you're on the right track. Like If, you go on Instagram, you just like enough dog posts. Yeah. Next thing you know, the for you page is just cute puppies. Oh Yeah. Mine's all just big titties and like, like cheeseburgers. Yeah. Yeah. I've got it. I've got it locked out. Got Things go together. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Exactly. Alright, so what's are you, so, so you're not gonna tour for a while. You gotta show in in the works. I have a few things. So I'll, I, I, if if they come out, they'll come out.


You're, I have to hear about 'em before this year's up. Okay. So there's a, so I, you know, you never know what's ever gonna happen, but, so yeah. I've got a few things like, you know, trying to write a movie and some things, things and so we're trying to, you know, roll into some other stuff. So, but That's awesome. Yeah. My office special will come out at the end of the year and then all that. That's So good. Are you gonna act in the movie? Are you writing it for Yourself? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Is your dad gonna act? Yeah. I mean, I give him a part in it. Yeah. He'll, he'll be mad If. you don't, he'll love it. It about, what's the movie about? Well, we just started, we just, we're working on the deal. It's like, I'm just riding it with the right. It's just a, you know, I don't know, just like a, my movies are all gonna be pg and like, they're gonna, you know, it's like I'm just, because I'm clean, like, and I and I, everybody go do whatever you wanna go do.


I'm just doing my little thing over here and then, and so it's like, I'm just kind of do that. Like, you know, I miss like, a lot of those old movies, like Home Alone and Oh yeah. You know, like the Best Uncle Buck and all these kind of stuff. That was like very fun and like, you know, just trying to see even get that stuff going. Uncle Buck is the best. Yeah. Uncle Buck's the best. I, I got a a dumb question. Do you, 'cause you are a clean comic, do you ever think about swears? I don't know, like, Are you thinking about the F word right now? No, I blocked it out. Okay. I blocked it outta my head Right There. I got, I gotta, I gotta force, I gotta force field around my brain. And. it won't get in. No. Yeah. I mean, I mean, yeah.


I'm not better than anybody. It's, I just don't do it on stuff and try to just not do it. Yeah. There's enough doing it. There's enough comics that do it and they're all the best and they're funny and all that. So I've just, you should flip It. My you should, you should become like the, the vegetarian of swear words and be like, I am better than you. Yeah. Like, do you know that saying this many swear words will take 10 years off your life? Yeah. That You take it real hard and go, I look down on you. I look, I feel I will pray for y'all Right past that camera. Yeah. Do you know how many baby cows had to die for you to say fuck? Yeah. Like, think about that a Ton. Yeah. A Ton. Yeah. Just start judging Everyone. Yeah. It's not a bad way to go. Yeah. Yeah.


Did you ever, was there like a year where you swore? Did you try it and not like it? Oh, You had a bad boy face? Yeah. Bad for me. No. Yeah. I've, I've, I've swore I'm not perfect by it. I'm not, you know, I've done, I've made a ton of mistakes. I used to drink, I used to do all this, but it's, it's, I just never, but I, on stage there was a couple that I think, I have a couple things where I, I, I like said a couple curse words and I, I'm just disappointed that I did it now. Yeah. But it's, it's, I just, I didn't do it. I did a lot of it. 'cause I mean, I grew up, you know, in the south, like southern Christian home. Like, you, you weren't, I didn't, I wasn't allowed to watch any of this stuff and all this, so I didn't, 'cause I never wanted my parents. I felt, I felt bad if my parents like, would see me do comedy and I was being dirty.


Yeah. So I just started doing that. And now with com, now with comedy, there's not that many clean comedians and I've just, this is just the way I think now. Yeah. And the way I kind of write. So it's, I'm just going down this lane and then, you know, and there's, I mean, there's just not a ton of Right. Clean guys out there. Yeah. The times that you did do it, you'd probably look back on, be disappointed that you allowed yourself to like, be pushed into doing that because maybe you thought it was a, A cool thing to try. I mean, I mean, sometimes If you hang out with comics and stuff, like, it can get, you know, it's, it'd be like If you hanging out like army buddies or cops or, but you know, where it can get like, you know, you sound like a maniac and then you gotta go back to reality where you're like, you gotta calm it down. Stop Talking like that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And so, but you know, it's like, I mean, I don't know disappoint.


Like, I, I'm not y you know, I, I'm trying, the whole point of when I was clean is I didn't want anybody to even notice it. Yeah. And that was the thing. No, and You don't, You don't notice. you don And. it was just like, I'm just doing my little thing and like, If, you notice great If, you don't better great. You know? Yeah. And you just go from there. No, I've seen you live a couple times and it's, you just sit there and you're like, this guy is just incredible on stage. It never even popped in my head. Yeah. Yeah. That's the Yeah, that's the, the the goal of it. Yeah. And, it helps me with like, if I'm not gonna talk about sex, you know, it's like, well then that's a huge chunk that I can't talk about. So then it makes you talk about other stuff that's either my family or Yeah.


All this other stuff. But I mean, the comic set, I mean, I watched, you know, every, you know, all the comic Bill Burr was a, a huge influence on me. Like I, 'cause I was in New York and I watched him really like a lot of, I mean, he was probably 10 years in when I first saw him, but then I saw him, I kind of take off. So like, Burr was like a giant influence on me. And I would take the influences. I would get David tell David tell's another one that's like, well, I mean he's the, I think the best ever. And then he's just the funniest. He's the guy. If I had to buy a ticket for any comedian, I would buy a ticket for David Tell. And if, but watching them, you would just take stuff that you would learn from them. And then I would just put it, I just wouldn't, I would do it my way. Yeah.


But I would take their advice, their, you know, stuff that you learn from them and see what they do and then just go from there. I Feel like there's, there's a couple different types of standup comedians. Ones that will actually take somebody who, who wants to learn and help them learn. And then some comics that just don't wanna help anybody. Yeah. Because It's usually young, because they're all competition. I think it's young. When people get stuff young, that's a big problem is like, and you either, I, I always was saying, I would always, or I'd joke and say, you either make it at 20 or 40 and no one makes it in the middle. And so it's like, you basically either come outta the gate and you're like, boom. Gone. Or you're gonna grind it out for the whole time. And then, and you know, I was one that got, and you're trying the whole time in your twenties, but then, you know what, it takes 20 years, man.


Yeah. And then, and when it does, you're like, oh, well I'm glad it does. 'cause I, I can sit in my career and I like, have an act and you just feel like you have more, like, you know, you're not as, like, nothing can just come out and take you under. Like, you're not built on stilts. Right. So what's that saying? Yeah. Yeah. And, it, it's also, I mean, it's a fucked up thing that we do as just human beings where it's like, if someone gets success at 20, everyone's like, goddammit, he doesn't deserve that. Yeah. But someone gets success at 40. We're like, man, he really, he, he, he did it all the right way and grinded. It's like, Yeah. Well they get, you know, it's, yeah. It's hard. It's hard to, when you see it, and I, it's hard for my buddy Julian Mcco used to have a joke where about Britney Spears where he is like, If, you gave me a million dollars when I was 18, I'd be dead.


Yeah. Like, And it. So it's like, that's what happens. Like, you got like a Justin b you're like, yeah, you're giving these kids, I mean they, they become more powerful than their parents. Yeah. 'cause they, they have so much mo and it's, it's a dynamic that's just like, yeah, you're lucky that it's not, this person's not, you know, these are seems like a fine person. I don't know 'em at all, but LeBron James, LeBron James should be, I mean, on another Planet's crazy. And that guy since He was 16. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I never judge anyone. Like when we, we get to talk to a lot of, you know, celebrities and athletes. I, anyone I meet that has been famous when they were like in their teenage years, 'cause like maybe they were gonna be the first, first round pick. Everyone knew when they were 16. It's like, I don't judge who you are because your life is just so different.


So Different. Yeah. And, and your experiences are so different that no one in the world can relate outside of like a handful of people. The only thing I would for if the ones that do it, they're, they need to be at least have awareness. Yeah. That you are getting. That's because that's where it goes wrong is when they, they don't have the awareness that they're, they think their life is kind of everybody's life. Right. And so they just are like, yeah, I'll just, and that's when they start telling you how to vote and start doing all this stuff. Yeah. True. And you're like, you're like, dude, you don't follow any of this stuff. Like, you don't do it is like, just stay out of it. Yeah. Like, but so I have awareness that you're like, yeah. Yeah. I am. My life is insane. So I'm not gonna tell you how to Yeah. Go live your life. 'cause I don't even, I, you know, I've never had any, I've had Yeah.


Millions of dollars from the get Go that we, I I mean I think we've done a good job with that on this show and that we try not to delve into stuff that like, people don't want us to hear us preach about anything. Yeah. They wanna hear our thoughts on, on impor like, you know, important topics. Yeah. They come to us for us to be dumb and laugh about sports. I would feel so like weird to try to tell someone how to Think. That's why y'all built to what you have been built to is. 'cause people can come here as a distraction. They don't need you to tell them how to run their life. And you know, they don't, you know, the, the dad that's picking his kids up and the mom and the single mom and the, all the, all the situations they don't need to be told. They're like, your job is entertain 'em.


Yep. Have fun. And then you go about your day, You dance and If you, but, and If you want to do that stuff then influence stuff, then go, you gotta dive into it. You Gotta be all in. You gotta be all in. So you're talking about Yeah. Gotta go. Like, know What we're talking about that it's like, why is this, this person thinks they're more important than me and they actually don't know what they're talking about. That will drive you insane. Yeah. People are very smart. Yeah. I think people underestimate like an audience. You the audience is Yeah. They're the smartest people in the world. Like way smarter than us. Yeah. Yeah. And so you just, you know, you're like, I'm here to be a distraction. And, you know, I don't wanna be tell anybody either. Yeah. Yeah. What's your distraction now? Politics. Pretty.


The Middle East. Go. Lemme Guys saying all that. I do think we have a big problem With I'll golf. You know, that kinda is, I mean, I, it's, it's hard to have a distraction. I, I have a lot of things that I wanna do. And so I'm, you know, I think about that a lot. And so it's like, I'm just kind of rolling and so I think I have a big appetite. So it's like I, you know, it's like I just want to keep things moving forward. So, you know, I watch a lot of old movies, like just dumb old movies. Like old, like no, like nineties. Oh Yeah. I Just say like, yeah.


I hate when people are like, I watched this like black and white film from 1940s. Like that Can't be bad. Haven't watched The Cuckoo Nest. That's A good movie. It, it's, yeah. I didn't, I I bailed half. Like, but I bet it's great. I bet it's unbelievable. You bailed on I didn't bill on it. I just got, then I got tired and I haven't gone back to it. I, but I was trying to be better at watching, watching these movies that are the greatest thing ever. And but it was a lot. Yeah. I mean it was, but I, I, maybe I'll go Back and watch what nineties movie And then I was, you know what I was actually, did I talk about this last? I was annoyed 'cause I bought it and then it was on F effect. Did I talked about y'all with that? No. But that does, does I Bought it. Yeah. I, I bought it and then the next day I saw it was on Netflix.


And I'm just so annoyed that it sits there. Yep. And I'm like, I And why didn't I just watch it on? Yeah. Yeah. So I have a bad taste. Can Can you get a refund? If? you If you bought a movie? No, I don't think so. My wife gets mad because I'll buy 'em instead of renting them. And she's like, you're not gonna watch this again. I'm like, but what if I really like it? Yeah. She's like, and I've never really liked a movie to rewatch it like that, but she's like, just stop buying it. Just rent it. Yeah. I'm, I need to buy it. When you buy a movie now, you don't even get anything. No. Like it should something when you buy a movie, you used to have a VHS or the dvd. Yeah. You put on your wall then it becomes like a piece of art in your house. Yeah. It's like, look, I bought diehard too. That's Pretty cool. Yeah. Now you just have it. That's just like, it lives inside your television.


Yeah. You're just like, oh, I don't even remember which app I bought it on. Yeah. Yeah. We Ds I know some guys that do DVDs and they keep DVDs. That's kind of cool. And I've kind of like that 'cause it's, I went to, we were at a show and out, they had a flea market like out front. So we walked around and you, so you're looking through all those DVDs and like you're seeing the cover and all that stuff and you're like getting to read 'em and it's like, eh, that is pretty fun. Like Yeah. You know, 'cause you can scroll on Netflix or whatever and you're just like, you're never gonna find something. Yeah. But that you're like kind of like, I'll do you only have this many choices. You don't need too many choices. Yeah. You're like, I need it to be like a limit. Yeah. I'm gonna watch Saving Private Ryan again. Yeah. That's pretty much it. Or for Gump. Yeah. It's always, always felt like Tom Hanks DVDs.


Yeah. Tom Hanks. Yeah. I watch a lot of, I did Equalizer a bunch. I like watching movies that I've already seen. 'cause then you can kind of zone out and but be in it in like enough distraction Training day. That's a good one for that equalizer. They made equalizer two, which doesn't make any sense. Mathematically after the first one it's already equalized. You Should, you did a bad job. Equalizing. Well then they did it again a third time. Three. There's an equal A three. Yeah. You should be an action star. That's what, that's where we're going. I gotta lose some weight. I'm a mess right now. You gotta, You gotta bulk up. You gotta do the, you gotta do steroids and then have like People magazine say find out Nate Borg's tips to dieting and it's like he drank orange juice and I give the tips.


Yeah. Well you like he drank orange juice and he woke up and did a hundred pushups and they just leave out the part. You did steroids. I did. I am on so much On All the gear. Yes. I got, I love it When they do that. They're like, how did this guy get ready for The Marvel? It's a domestic violence charging. It's him and his wife Leslie night. I'm like, I'm just drinking orange juice. Yeah, right. I go, I'm not, don't read into that stuff. I just do a hundred situps a day. Yeah. It'd a great, The world's first clean action star. Yeah. You just show up and you're like, come on man. Chill out. Put down the guns. You're right Nate. You're right. Yeah. It's just real quick. It's a real quick movie. Yeah. Equalizer. We're just not Yeah. It's like I would like to have a conversation with you about Yeah. Yeah. Settle This. You doing this drug stuff, If, you Don't mind. Yeah. It's, it's really hurting your body. Yeah. Alright. Well this has been awesome. We appreciate it.


I have one last question.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts Rollback dot com.


Because we we're getting very close to football season, which can't wait till it's here. Can you give us a Titans prediction? I did Titans make the playoffs and I'm excited. I I I love Will Levi, the quarterback. We got y hop, Deion, deer, Hopkin. We got, what's the other receiver? We picked up another receiver this year. I like the SNE dude from Kansas City that we've got. And so I think, I mean he got like, Ja you know, and especially in our division, Houston's going to be, it'll be a tough division, but I think, I think we can do it. Okay. I I li I will let us as like, very exciting dude. And like Yeah. And it and we need, we've needed some that energy kind of in it where, you know, he set up and did the first down.


So it's like that kind of excitement. So I think we can get in the, I think we can get The playoffs coach. And you got the coach and you got your coach's dad too. Yes. Coaching officer Is like one of the best coaches in the league. Yes. So it's, I, you know, it's gonna be tough but I I mean I think we still have like a really legit team. Yeah. You know, it's like we didn't, I don't think we really went backwards. Yeah. New stadium coming soon. Yeah. Yeah. What Is That? 2027? The Dome Super Bowl in Nashville's gonna be awesome. It's gonna be, yeah. They're gonna get, I mean That's gonna be so much fun. Yeah, It's it's the, they're talking about a baseball team too. Oh. Supposedly there's, you know, I don't know. It's like one of those, I think every city probably is like, I think we're getting one. Yeah, No, that's one of these, I think they're number one.


They're the First like MLB team. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Well the growth of Nashville's been nuts. It's nuts. Yeah. I saw Skyline picture from like, it was like a 15 year difference. It's Like, yeah. Have a, we have a building called the Batman Building. And it because it looks kind of like Batman. And I remember that was built and there was no skylines and that was like the tallest building. You're like, you know, we drove downtown. Yeah. Like to go back and you see, look at that building. Oh my. We couldn't believe it. A building. It's everywhere. Yeah. That's great. Yeah. Nashville's blowing up on the entertainment scene too. You got Nate Zi, the Hawk two girl. Everybody. Yeah. Yeah. We're rolling dude. We're rolling. Yeah. Stay hot. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. She's going clean actually. That was part of her.


Yeah, she's, she reached out to me and I go, yeah, we're talking about it. I go, I think you know. Yeah. Alright. Well Nate, thank you as always man. Yeah. You're the best. You're the best. Thank you guys. Thanks Nate.


Nate Zi was brought to you by BODYARMOR. This entire episode is presented by BODYARMOR Sports Drink kept us hydrated when we were out in Tahoe. Real hydration, real ingredients. Packed with electrolytes, vitamins, nothing Artificial. BODYARMOR Sports drink has all your hydration needs covered. Sports drink. They've got the light zero sugar, the flash iv of course the sport water. I've had two of those today feeling very hydrated. BODYARMOR keeps us all hydrated around the Barstool Sports office. If we're playing pickup basketball, we're slamming body armors before and after. During interviews, we're drinking BODYARMOR during the show, we're drinking BODYARMOR. Head on over to the BODYARMOR store on Amazon. Use code 15 Barstool ba Get 15% off your order today with BODYARMOR.


Nate was also brought to you by BLUECHEW. Our great friends over at BLUECHEW. You can have better sex with BLUECHEW. BLUECHEW is the original brand with chewable versions of Sildenafil, Todalofil, and Verdena. These erection enhancing ingredients help men achieve stronger, harder, and longer lasting erections for sexual activities. With BLUECHEW, you can say goodbye to performance anxiety. Say hello to longer lasting erections. These chewable tablets have the same active ingredients that you'd find in Viagras, Cialis, la Vitra, but in a chewable form and at a fraction of the cost. BLUECHEW is all about having confidence when it comes time to perform and having happy and healthy relationships. BLUECHEW subscriptions include a free online consultation, 24 7 medical support a prescription if approved and delivery straight to your door every month. Chew it and do it. Use code PMT for your first month free. Hey, can we get a subscription going for the boys for BLUECHEW? Yeah. You need something? Yeah, well just have 'em send for whoever wants 'em. Sure. I mean like a gumball machine that Absolutely. Yeah. BLUECHEW machine and play a fun game with it. First month is free with code pmt at BLUECHEW dot com. That's right. Go to BLUECHEW dot com. Use promo code PMT get your first month for free. Check 'em out. Thank you to BLUECHEW for sponsoring the pod.


Okay, let's wrap up. We got FAQs, memes, Hank Hank memes found them. Hank reads them. Faq. What is the average time of night you all finish recording each show? Oh, it depends wildly on what season it is And what day it is. I would say football season. What Do you think the average is though? Okay. Year round. Well Here you math guy. Yep. Football season. I would say Two. I think it's days dependent. Yeah. No, no. I'm saying Tuesdays at four. We're done Thursdays at 1130. I was Gonna say later. Well I was gonna say like, No not with central time in the, I feel, I feel like we're outta here past midnight a lot on Thursday.


No because Think about that. Thursday night football and during the off season we don't do Yeah. Super late. Yeah. And so nothing about the average. I know we're getting through, We're working away. We're working through, we're showing our work But I think we're, I think Thursday night football 'cause it starts at seven so usually we're recording the first 10 minutes. What we do in the football season, this is probably very boring for everyone, is Tuesdays we're just record in the afternoon. It's our one day that we can record early Thursdays. We'll record the majority of the show in the afternoon and then we'll record the first 10 minutes after Thursday night football. And then Sundays the, the bear of a day because we don't start recording until Sunday night Football probably halftime and usually we don't leave till like 1230.


And then the guys shout out the boys in the booth because Max Memes, pug Shane. They don't leave till like four or five. Yeah, that's, That's the better question. What time do you guys usually leave on a Sunday night in October? Depends on how early we start recording. If we start at halftime of Sunday night football, we're done at midnight. Central Time has helped. Yeah. Yeah. Central time has helped. I've Gotten, like When we were in New York, I've gotten back at Like 8:00 AM Oh my God. God. When we used To do Hoboken it was, it was a race to get it out before people woke up. Yeah. Like we wouldn't be able, sometimes we, we'd put it out at seven o'clock and we'd still be uploading it and people would be like, what the hell?


Where's the show? Where's the show? Yeah. And it. So shut Out that that's really, it's not about this side of the glass, it's about that side of the glass. 'cause they're, It's normally like three I'd say. Right? And then, and then yeah, it's, it's dependent on season because it's like spring we like NBA playoffs. We'll record a little bit. We, we've gotten a lot better where we used to just do the full show at like late at night. Now we do the majority of the show and then if like there's an NBA game we're watching, we'll just do the first 10 minutes of the show so people have whatever happened. Yeah. Same Gotten Way better at that. Same with the N-H-L-N-B-A-C. It's always weird because sometimes the game that everybody cares about is the last game. Right. And so then we'll have to stay up a little bit later. College basketball, the NCAA tournament a little bit later on that.


Yeah. Especially on that Friday, that Thursday night show going into Friday. But yeah, I would say the average, Hank, to answer your question, I would say we average finish recording at like seven. Yeah. And the big takeaway here is memes. Max Pug Shane, those are the heroes. Yeah, those are the guys. You Having kids changed the game too? What do you mean? We've been doing a little earlier. Yeah. It's, it's been earlier on active. It's nicer. The thing is, our average is probably, we are outta here at seven Me Big Cat Bank. But we, I don't think we ever actually finish recording a show at seven.


Yeah. And we have. Yeah, you're right. Because I've, I try to get home by like four 30 every day so I can be with my kids. I know there's some people out there who think, I literally never see my kids, but I do. What did you guys say? Like once, once or twice a week. I don't go home or like can't go home. Like tonight I'm not gonna go home. But pretty much every day I am outta here by four 30. Why does the logo of the show have a cartoon of Big? Cat But the other guy isn't PFT? That's a good question. Good question. Fair question. Are you new here? So I think, I think this person, I hasn't seen my social profile, but it's the picture of that guy and it's a guy in the stands and he's cheering And. it was during like a week two preseason game.


We figured out what preseason game it was And, it was the Seahawks and the Titans. And we put our best guy on the case to find the actual screenshot of when I found this guy. 'cause it was back in 2010 and I was starting a, a Twitter account. I was like, what would an average NFL commenter look like? I was like that's, this is the guy right here. This is a hundred percent the dude. Yep. So we tried to look him up later to go back to that game from 2010, find the exact screenshot and our best man Billy football kind of just didn't do it. So we never found that out. But maybe, I don't know. Is that a, should we put Huey on the case? Yeah, he won't find anything but we can do it. Yeah.


Huey, can you just spend like an hour trying to find it. Okay. If you can find the broadcast of the 2010 Seahawks Titans preseason game and find this guy in the stands and just gimme like all the footage that they have of him. Yeah, that would be awesome. Huey, question for you. FAQ how, how you doing weekend? Pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. How's the internet treating You? It's good. Yeah. I, I don't know if it's Award season around the corner and AWS are just, you know Yeah. In a good mood. Trying to get an Award here. But yeah, everyone's been pretty cool. Everyone's for the most. Yeah. We Did. Did I wanna apologize to you. We did a bad job your first episode. We like probably asked you too many questions. Yeah. And you talked for like 20 minutes. Yeah. And people were like, the ch the show is just changing forever.


Wait, what did you just say? Yeah, No, it just ripped me. 'cause I was like, oh, Ripped you. Yeah. I was like, I didn't even think we ripped you. We just asked you, you question. Oh yeah, they ripped you. I'm Like, dude, this is the most I'm gonna ever probably talk. Correct. And I'm like, I don't. Yeah. So Dave and I understand it. We overreact on, on on everyday things. Yeah. They were like, this guy's now talking for 30 minutes to show. I was like, I tried to get in the weeds a little bit defending you. I was like, dude, he's, he's, he's gonna talk like an amount that's appropriate for where he's at. Yeah. You guys just had to like, you know, give a little backstory of everything. It was like, yeah. I, yeah. I was good. I I was good. Yeah. I think people are are are getting comfortable with you. We still gotta figure out the, I I like Huey. Someone said Curly. I like, We can't, can't, we can't keep changing Yet.


It's gotta be Huey. But I, I feel like he doesn't know his name yet. He's not, he's not, he's like a dog. He hasn't yet, he hasn't responded to his name yet. So I, I feel like we still have a second to change it. But we can, Nobody in the office knows either. 'cause I get like three different names from, I got whole Huey and Matthew. So it's Just, I mean, I do like the idea of you as being a you, you did screw up. We, we, we had a, it will come out, I don't know, in a couple weeks. Mason Plumley came by to give us a basketball lesson. That was the perfect time to introduce yourself as Hugh and see how it goes. Yeah. That was my fault. Okay. You're gonna have more chances on Grit Week. Yeah. It's gonna be a lot of you. Well, I need to, I need to hear Hubert outta your Mouth. I'll saying both. I'll saying I'll go one, I'll go back to a person and call myself Hubert. I'll go and, you know, same person, three different names.


See, see what they respond to. Just be like Hubert. But you can call me Huey. Yeah. Hubert. I go by. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Make sure like Matthew's, you know, my middle name. That might be a little iffy with, you know, everything going on. What, You know what the, the Trump shooter's? La Middle, his Name was Matthew. Oh. Oh. I Don don't think anyone anyone's made that connection. I'm Just saying. Oh. Actually that was my first thought. God forbid That's, now I'm thinking about it too. Huey likes porn as well. Yeah. Oh no. They released two people out of the bunker that week. Oh no. Boy, That's a Okay. Matthew. Yeah. Everyone was thinking. Yeah. Watch out for those slanted roofs. Yeah. His Name's Thomas. Matthew Crooks. Crooks, right? Yeah. Yeah.


I I did not put that together. No, I Didn't either. Alright, Hank, last one. My questions for the boys in the booth. Max memes. Shane Pug, dear family and friends outside of bars stool typically listen to the show and how often do they mention slash bring up things that happen on the show? Max? My mother listens to every show. What's up? How we doing? Sorry about, sorry. About the time when he said he hated titty, titty. Fucking, yep. My girlfriend has never listened to the show. Okay, that's good. Yep. And look at that chick. My friends are kind of like 50 50 on it. So Yeah. The, the like close friends being 50 50 is great. Yeah. Like my friends.


Yeah. My Friends are like 70 30. No, really? My friends are are are aware, but like, it's not like every second that they're Yes. That's that some, I have a couple friends that I'm more surprised when they bring it up. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I, I had a moment with one of my good friends not too long after the show started where he was like, Hey, I just wanna let you know that I'm, I wanna support your show, but it's just too fucking weird to hear your voice. Yeah. In, in my iPad. I, I completely understand that. Like If, you know someone that well and it's like, yeah, I, that would be weird. Yeah. That's why I never listen to Ryan Racc. Yeah. No, we love Illa. Ryan's got a lot of friends. He must have a lot of friends out there. Yeah. IL's got a lot.


Yeah. That's, that's a smart podcasting strategy. That Was me. That was me. That was me. Ryan, we're Gonna see him a great Weeks. I love you Ryan. We love him very much. We just, we made it sound like he's dying. Yeah. When he called. We love you Ryan. I was in the car. Oh, max, tell the story real quick. I I didn't know if it if that He Max saw. Max saw. And when we see Ryan, we'll, we'll we'll have him explain aside Max got to see what being friends with Ryan Illa is. And it's so funny, he called me. We were going to the Dingers thing and I was, he was on speaker and he didn't even say hi. He just like, it, it actually sounded like a podcast was coming through. He was like, what was he even, what was he Saying? It was something with LeBron. Something with LeBron or basketball. He was like, and this.


And I was just like, oh, good to see you too. Like yeah, max got to hear you start bursting out laughing. He, he was like, Hey Ryan, what's up? And then immediately he was like, so LeBron did this. And he like did the cadence of like, he's like, do doing a podcast? I Was like, yeah. That's how it always is. It's perfect. It's perfect friendship. Get right to it. Alright, we good? All right. Great show boys. Good Job Numbers. 2056. 91 36. You sound confident with that? 3 99 pug. Nine. Nine pug. They're not here. Shane watches the show on a stream and never knows when to come in.


Wait, he's watching us right now. Yeah. Yeah. Every time. That's sick. Fuck. Get the fuck in here Shane. We'll give him 10 seconds. Count 'em out. 10, 8, 7, 6, 6, 5, 5, 4, 4, 3, 2, 1. See ya Was everyone's numbers again real quick. 8 20 36. 3 56. Hank, what was your number? 91 29. Ooh. 29.


Love You guys.