
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have our good friend Kirk Goldsberry, on to talk NBA incredible, incredible last two game days of NBA action. In the playoffs, we're gonna talk some playoff hockey. We also have a very special guest, Jerry O'Connell, who surprises Hank during the Celtics Knicks talk. Bingo. And we recap Bette Galla and the Day with Jerry O'Connell. We're gonna do Hot Seat, cool throne. We're gonna do FAQs, also.


Bonus talking soccer. Great show. We're gonna start via Zoom, but then we're back in studio for Nick Celtics and Thunder nuggets and the rest of the show.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. DraftKings sports work has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing game all the way through to the finals. Now's the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30 points, 40 or more? It's your call. Replace your first bet. Download the DraftKings sports cap now lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resorting, Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio. Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football mean they try to avoid me because I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, Football. Welcome to part in my take presented by Draft Kings. Make it a playoff run to remember with DraftKings. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take, that's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, May 7th. And Ty Reese Big balls. Halliburton, what a fucking comeback by the Indiana Pacers. They're up two oh on the Cavs PFT the last two days of it's May Madness. I'm I, I feel bad for John Rothstein 'cause he is been sleeping this entire month. It's been insane And we thought we couldn't top it from Monday night, which we're gonna get to when we're back in studio. And then tonight happens where the Pacers are down 20, you know, six minutes into the, the third quarter they're down seven under a minute. That's the second time in three games they've come back down seven and under a minute to win a game.


Insane. And, and not only that, but it's the second time that Halliburton's done it in the, in the final two seconds of a postseason game. So that means, I was reading about this earlier. It said that LeBron James is the only other player since 19 97, 98. That's when they started keeping track of play by play. That is multiple Go ahead. Fuel goals in the final two seconds in a single postseason. Pretty insane, absolutely nuts ending in terms of boxing out on free throws. I feel like that's one thing that the Cavs need to work on a little bit. One of them, I'll give you one of 'em with D Smith when he came in with that dunk. Awesome. He, It was a awesome dunk. He was definitely like inside the three point arc, but who cares?


It happens on every shot. You gotta learn how to box out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, listen it a Tony Brothers ref game. You can't expect anything to make sense whatsoever. I know people were complaining about that. Cavs fans, listen, the Cavs should have won that game and the Pacers prove again that they, you have to beat them for all 48 minutes. I I honestly think with the way they play Pace wise with the way Rick Car Carlisle basically plays every single guy on their team. He'll just be like, Ben Shepherd of your time. You get, you get a few minutes here. Like he, that that doesn't happen in the playoffs. You don't play. I I, let me look up how many guys played for the Pacers tonight.


You don't play the amount of guys that he plays. He played 11 guys tonight. That's pretty crazy for an NBA playoff game. And so the Pacers with the pace they play the conditioning, they have, I really think that it's like, like they, they are built for this type of situation where it's like, you've seen it two times in the last three games where they're just gonna keep going at you and they're not gonna give up. And Kenny Atkinson even admitted it. He was like, we ran outta gas. Which I don't understand that either because the Cavs didn't have a guy over 40 minutes. But the, it's all credit to the Pacers. I know that the, the Cavs fans can, can, you know, say, oh, we missed this call, this call that call The Pacers are just, they, they, they have alligator blood, they do not die.


And they, they have a belief in Tyrese. Halliburton even said after he is like, there's no way I was passing that up. He's stepped back three to win the game. Silenced the crowd. What a stud. And then you poked the bear to start the game. That was the dumbest move that the Cavs fans could have done is to chant overrated at Halliburton before it got started. Yeah. Why would you do that? Why would you do that? He already knows that his fellow players talk about him being overrated. You don't have to like remind him of it, that's gonna piss him off a little bit. So don't move by, by Cavs fans. But when you say that they ran outta gas, I think they're just talking about Donovan Mitchell. I think Don Yeah, well send the whole team right outta I guess. Yeah. But yeah, Well Don Mitchell was the whole team. He scored 48 points and then at the end it was like every time he got, he got banged around a little bit.


He would take an extra 30 seconds on the ground because yeah, he's, he's fucking tired man. He scored 48 points. Yeah, He, he was great. And, And we should mention, obviously the Cavs were very banged up. Evan Mobley didn't play Deandre Hunter didn't play. Darius Garland didn't play. Those are three significant pieces to the Cavs and they needed Donovan Mitchell to just be, you know, 48, 49 and 48 points. Was it 48 points? Did he finish with 48? Yeah, I mean they needed every single bit of that and more. But again, I think it's more about the Pacers just like they just never quit. And Rick Carlisle is a very underrated coach and this Pacers team is fun. And I don't know what, like if the Cavs don't get healthy, they're in serious trouble.


And again, it's similar to Monday night where it's like, I thought the Cavs would win this game because you have the pressure of going down potentially O2 as a home team, as a one seed. And for, I don't know, the first 30 minutes of this game, it looked like that was gonna be the case where it's like the Pacers are happy to have their one win on the road. They're down 20 and then just shit started happening. Cavs couldn't get the ball in bounds, couldn't like the Pacers pressing them, just flustered them so much. And Tyrese Halburn big balls. I love the big balls dances back. That was awesome. The big balls, the major league. It's awesome. It's really good. I'm glad that he did it. I hope he, I hope he gets fined and I hope he is like, that's fine.


You know what, I'm gonna keep doing it. Yeah. I also like when players do that, the old John Morant better than you're not gonna stop me. Yeah, yeah it is. Well, yeah. What's more dangerous? Your balls or your guns. I Mean, Terry Halliburton's ball has the most dangerous balls in the game right now. Yeah. Don't point it's loaded. Don't point that thing in anybody. It was, yeah, it was a crazy, there's no such thing as a lead in the NBA. No, no, not in these playoffs. It's been insane to watch how, how crazy. He's, and we're gonna talk more about this series and, and actually credit Kirk Goldsberg when we talked to him because he had a, a good Terry Halliburton take that looks even better. And we taped it in the afternoon. So it's always fun when that works out because you don't want to have like the knee jerk reaction of one game change your take.


Yeah. Which we do all the time. I like that though. May madness. Yeah. I feel like that could catch on the NB may. Yeah. No, may Madness is better. Maye Madness. And, and again, we should call John Rossi and be like, dude, he's, I imagine he's just, he's like hibernating right now. And then anytime there's like, you know, if there's a war breaking out in Europe or the Middle East or if there's Celebrity death, Celebrity death, he's gonna be like, Tulane has a non-conference game against Chattanooga. Mark your calendars December 2nd Today he was all over the fact that St. John's in Kentucky is gonna be the highest rated non-conference basketball of the entire season.


Whoa CO's shot right now. Whoa. Hank do you take the Pacers for real? Pacers are good. That was a scrappy win. They were scrappy last year in the Eastern Conference finals. You're So dismissive with Scrappy, but they're a year like it does steal Scrappy that Hank Admit it. You were, it was a little patronizing. No Scrappy. I'm giving em credit, but scrappy is a compliment. But, but Jackie is a, is a good quality to have. He, here's the thing, they went, they Scrapped their way back. They went through the wars last year and they got a little bit of scars and now it does feel like they're a different team making these big time plays and never being out of it. And kind of like, 'cause remember the, the, it was Easter conference finals, right?


That you played them. They they look like what? Like they, they look like the team in that Eastern Conference finals that what the Pacers are making everyone look like, you know, where they make mistakes down at the end of the game. The Pacers are forcing other teams to make mistakes. They're making these crazy errors games that they could win. They're, they're, the pacers are stealing from 'em. So I I feel like they're, they're definitely a better version. And that knee smith dunk that like took the soul of the Cavs, It was crazy. And, and then they just forgot how to play after that. The Cavs also are so like not playing three of their most important players. Yeah. Ty Jerome should nice guy. He shouldn't be playing as many men. I mean, I think he went one for 15 and he was the one who was guarding Tyrese.


Halliburton at the end of the game. Was that, I, let me look up. I don't want to slander. I think it was one for 14. Sorry, my apologies. He went one for 14. He's, it's a bad deal when you have Ty Jerome taking 14 shots in a playoff game. Yeah. And, and just, they forgot how to bring the ball up the court without committing offensive fouls. They forgot how to throw a normal inbounds pass without it getting picked off. It was, it was just comedy of errors in the last minute. It was crazy. But I just love that feel of a team like the Pacers now have that feel where it's, it doesn't matter. These moments are not too big for them where maybe last year they were, and this year just, it doesn't matter what the lead is.


I mean two, two games, two outta the last three games in a playoff setting to, to come back down seven and under a minute is insane. That's an absolutely insane thing to be able to pull off. And I think it starts with Tyrese, Halliburton just being like, I'm that guy. He's got that irrational confidence going. I think it might be rational now though. Yeah. It could be rational. It could be fully rational. I'm at But you kind of want it to be irrational. Yeah. I I'd like him to get a little bit crazier. Yeah. But I, I'm looking up the stats right now with teams that have a two oh lead, I believe this is teams with a two oh lead as the, as the away team. They win the series. I'm seeing 92.7% of the time. Are we ready to call It? No, I, well I wanna see if the Cavs get healthy.


Like if they get their guys back. I still think the Cavs are a good team, so I'm not gonna fully call it, but I Pacers are are a fun watch. They're a very fun watch and they're scrappy as fuck. And Tyrese hap and there, there, there you go. Hank Scrappy as fuck. And Ty Tyrese. Halliburton is that guy. But the way you say it is way different from the way Hank said it. Well I was saying it to mock Hank. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, scrappy. Scrappy. They're scrappy. You're, You're like patting 'em on the head. Yeah. Like that. They're adorable. Yeah. They're scrappy. I Fun little story. That was a Scrappy win. I was watching that game being like, damn, that I'm not like I'm, there's no, there's no, I'm not dissing them at all. Yeah. It was a good win. Hunter loss. He is scrappy. David Eckstein scrappy out Scrappy.


Very cruso Scrappy, gritty. No, he's gritty. There's a big, that's that's scrappy is Scrappy is like the, the teenage Spencer on on the Warriors Teenage boy version of Gritty. Gritty. You grow up to a man, you become gr a scrappy boy can become a gritty man, but it's not necessarily gonna happen. Yeah. Scrappy is like, you do some small things. Okay. But there's a reason why you're not using a nicer word for it. Gritty is like, you respect gritty. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Scrappy is a patronizing word. God, you were, you were being a little patron. You're a little scrappy. You're a little scrappy guy. Huh? You're a little scrappy. You're gonna do your little thing where you come back. Yeah. It's a cute, it's a cute, cute little win.


They did it twice. That's awesome. Good feeling. It was, yeah. Good for them. Scrappy Is basically like a, a a 20 pound dog at your heels. That's scrappy. Yeah. That's, but you know, a championship team is, you know, a full grown 125 pound husky. They're not the championship team. Like, like, like they're, they're a fun little story like Pacer Pacer Dan. You get to get the, gets the get hyped up on 'em for a couple more games. I Enjoy watching 'em play. I don't know what you want me to say. I love balls. I love ball. Alright. The other game, speaking of bad takes, I, this would be funny if The Pacers won. 'cause we just, if they won it all, Hank that would be an all time clip. But I had a clip, which I cop two when we're back in studio talking about the Nuggets Thunder.


I had the Warriors scheduled loss again. And guess what? The Warriors did not lose. And they had, they did lose Steph Curry. I'm a moron, but the Warriors, I don't know, I, I don't know what Steph Curry's injury status is gonna be. I feel like he's gonna be out for a game or two, especially now that they stole this game. But I, the Warriors did not look like the team that played a game 7 2, 2 days ago. They looked like the rested team. They were running everywhere. So much more energy. And God damnit the timber rolls could not hit a shot that was atrocious to watch. It was a lot of that. It was partly buddy healed. Like he kicked in big time. Steph Curry didn't, they didn't even really miss him after he left.


There was a, a small comeback in the fourth quarter that made it, I think within nine at one point. Yeah. But even without Steph Curry, they, they just kind of kept their foot on the gas and, and held 'em off off. But yeah. Tough break for the Timberwolves, I think. Jim, what? No, Anthony Edwards didn't hit a jump shot until like three minutes left in the fourth quarter. Stan Van Gundy kept reminding America about that he Was over eight in the first half. They Couldn't shoot a three pointer to save their life. It was crazy. They, they got a, a standing ovation when Nas Reed hit a three pointer Yep. In the third quarter because they're like, thank God Okay. Is we're not gonna go over for the entire game. But yeah, that it makes no sense to me whatsoever. The old team that's banged up the Warriors, they somehow looked like they had more energy than the younger team, the Timberwolves who had all the rest in the world.


It was, it was very, very strange. And I, I didn't see it coming either. No. And, and the Steph Curry thing, I, I hope he's okay because I wanna see him play in this series. I do. What do you think? I think the first five games are every other day. So it does feel like they might sit him. I I feel like he's guaranteed to sit on Thursday As say as a a 40-year-old who's dealing with his own hamstring injury right now from softball. I'll just say I, I took a week off in between softball games and I came back and instantly tweaked it again when I started to run. So you Gotta be careful. I I think Steph shouldn't have played softball for the next week. Yeah. Or at least if he does, just make sure someone else is is running for you.


Yeah. Pinch runner. A pinch runner for sure. Yeah. Pinch runner. Yeah. I, I hope he play. I I feel like they're gonna sit him though probably game two and three and then be like, load up the clip for game four because that's crazy that they stole this game like that was, imagine, imagine the mood for the Warriors right now. If they lost this game and Steph was out, you'd feel like this series was completely over. But I don't know. Tim Bowls can't hit a shot. This is a couple games in a row now. Like remember the, the closeout game against the Lakers. They were just as bad from three, they shot 17% from three tonight. There's absolutely nothing about this game that makes any sense at all. The Warriors, they're so much smaller than the Timberwolves are.


And it, it felt like the Timberwolves could just big body 'em if they wanted to and they didn't. They kept trying to shoot from the outside and I guess it's just, you know, live by the jump shot, die by the jump shot. They're probably not gonna be as bad in game two as they're in game one. And so I I have to imagine that Minnesota comes out game two and, and beats the Warriors by a good amount. Actually I I I would, I would think so. I would think so. But then you thought the calves were gonna do the same. Nothing makes sense right now. I did think that, yeah. The, the, I I I misspoke. They shot significantly better from three tonight than they did against the Lakers in the closeout game. They shot 17% tonight in the Lakers closeout game, they shot 14%.


So that's a problem. Got it. Is make or Miss League PFT. That's true. People forget that. And I think that if you just take the three quarters of this game, I, I want to say that was more like 10% from three until the very, very end of the game. Yeah. It was, it was ugly. Very ugly. Very ugly. And I man, if the Warriors, I don't even want to like what if Steph, if Steph comes back and the Warriors win another title is where Well that's what I'm saying. Like that was when we did the, the list of guys. Yeah. The narrative guys. I think that Steph would definitely be in the conversation for, for top three of all time. Especially if he did was like incredible in the finals.


We're getting ahead of ourselves. But that's what we like to do. We watch Paul, then we come on Zoom, then we get ahead of ourselves, then we do a zoom two days later And we say, Hey remember that thing I said that was stupid. If Steph Curry wins NBA finals, MVP by the way, with a, a torn hamstring. He has a, a torn hamstring I think And a broken thumb. You gotta put him ahead of LeBron. I'd agree. I agree. MI agree. MJ still number Do you think mjs watching this series in the crowd like Donna Kel with a split jersey for for Butler and Anthony Edwards. Yeah. He's gotta be. Yeah, It's Gotta be Jimmy. But that was when you knew there was the Warriors night when the wolves were making a, a little run and then Jimmy Butler did the foul bait three where he just threw it up and it went in off the backboard.


Yeah. You're like, okay, this is not this. The Warriors are winning this game no matter what. Yeah. It just felt like that. Alright, let's talk some hockey and we're, we're gonna talk more basketball with Kirk Goldsberry And we obviously have the recap of the Beal and Nick Celtics and Thunder nuggets. PFT not the best experience I would assume tonight. Bad Game. Bad game. We had no juice. I don't know if you watched any of the game. We were juices. I did, yeah. No energy out there. There was, there was some issues from the back end. We just didn't, we couldn't possess the puck. We just, every time, here's the thing about the, the hurricanes is they take a million shots. That's kind of their mo They will, they will shoot as many times as they can, which isn't the worst strategy in playoff hockey.


But the downside to that is sometimes if you take a lot of low percentage shots, then you let a goalie get hot and then it becomes one of these things where you just can't win because the goalie is so confident and he's seeing everything. And that to a certain extent happened tonight. Logan Thompson had a great game for the caps, but every miss that they'd have, we would get the puck and then we would turn it over into the neutral zone. We wouldn't be able to get it into their third. And yeah, if you look at the stats in terms of like where the puck was for most of the game, I think it was in the hurricanes attacking end, something like 20 minutes of the game. I think the capitals, it was only down there like eight minutes of the game. Yeah. There was no energy, no juice.


Tom Wilson had the, the lone highlight of the game. Actually, I'd say the caps had two highlights today. One vy hit a one-timer and Wilson was standing directly in front of the goal and it hit him right in a stick and just broke his stick in two. That was cool. That was fun to look at. That was very, very cool. The other highlight was Tom Wilson took another man's mouthpiece out of his mouth. I love that. And then gave it back to him and said, here you go, put This mouth. It's so different when Tom Wilson does it versus some like, you know, when it's like a pest doing it, you can't, what are you supposed to say to Tom Wilson? Just kick your ass. You just look down. It's like when I take a toy outta Blake's mouth 'cause I'm the owner and he's the dog, he just kinda looks down at the ground. He is like, oh, he got me again and then I give it back to him.


'cause I'm a good guy. Yeah. But yeah, there was, there was nothing, nothing redeemable about this game outside of Logan Thompson. All time sports sound is the road playoff hockey overtime winner where it's not like a clean goal where it's like, you know, there's a, there's kind of like, there's a bunch of people in front of the net I think. I don't think it got tipped, but still, it, it was one of those goals where you kind of see, you kind of see it, but you don't really see it. And then all of a sudden the hurricanes are just celebrating and the air coming out of a building on one of those moments because the finality of it is just like, wait, wait, what the fuck just happened? Turn it back on. Yeah. You keep waiting for a replay. You're like, maybe he hit the goalie.


Maybe it's, maybe it's interference. And then you see the guys on the bench always know, so Ovie was like the first guy out there. He is like, that's game over. I I can get in the tunnel and start having my vodka and chicken parm now. And it was, it was bad. I, I don't want to call out the DC crowd, but I feel like I gotta say something. There was no juice in the crowd in there. Need more Juice. No juice in the crowd. Where's all the juice in DC right now? I have no idea where Game two must win or can't lose. I I said tonight was a must win. Oh no. But I'm doing must win again. Back to back. Never been done. Have You thought about switching it up to a can't lose? No. It's a must win. This one's a must win for sure. Okay. But it was the only person in the crowd that did have juice tonight was Stanford.


Steve. Yeah. I gotta credit him. He's some chugging that. Yeah. Yeah. They put Stanford, Steve and, and SVP on the, on the jumbotron. And then of course SVP, you know, he's class act Classy guy. A very demure. He just sat there and he like looked at Steve. He is like, okay, here you go Steve. Yeah. You're my, you're my resident. You're my designated Beard Chugger. Good job By Sanford, Steve. We needed like seven more beard chugs from Steve to get any juice tonight. Oh. And he could do it. Listen. Yeah. I've, I've been out with Steve a bunch. You have two p ft you have two Hank I've seen just in the most casual. I remember I went to a Cubs game with him like eight years ago And we were sitting at a bar. He asked what, how early we could get to a bar. Yeah. I was there and my, yeah, yeah.


And my buddy was like, yeah, we can open a little earlier. We'll get in there. And then he's like, can I bring my bags? Like, yeah, no problem. I'll get him. I I know the owner. He'll, he'll put him behind. Steve had like four beers before I finished my first And it wasn't like he was chugging, he was just drinking regularly. He just has a hollow leg. So that's a man. It's like, that's scene that He, Steve's not scrap. Would you ever call Steve Scrappy? Hank? Fuck. No. No. Fuck no. Exactly. So there you go. Yeah. Yeah. It was like that scene in the Wire where at the bar. And they're just cracking eggs into their beer and chugging it. Yeah. That's what, that's what Steve, in fact, I don't even think Steve knew he was on the Jumbotron. No, I think he was just, I think he was just slamming a beer. He, They just caught him in the Yeah. Every, if you just have a camera on him every 10 minutes you'll get that.


I'm starting to think it might be the leaves year. It might be Canada this year because we also had the Oilers win Tonight Game One against the Knights. And we have, so the Oilers are up one. Oh, the leaves are up one. Oh. And the Jets are still there. It might be Canada's year. I know I'm getting ahead of myself, but that leaf game was, was electric. And I, I thought going into the game, I was like, man, the Panthers are gonna be way better than Leafs. Like we've seen this before. Leafs fans getting really cocky. It's obviously only one game, but winning game one is massive. So there's some bad blood too. Some very bad blood in, in the Panthers leave series already. Paul Maurice was saying that it was an intentional, filthy, dirty kick to the back of the leg.


He could have ended the man's career. He was talking about Matthew Chu. Ooh. So they're, they're pissed off. I don't think that there's gonna be any sassies though. I think. Well, and Marsha and the leaf. Like the leaf leaf fans fucking hate 'em. Yeah. Ooh. I like the bad blood. I feel like the, I feel like the Panthers just bring bad blood everywhere they go, which is fun. That's, that's Florida. Lot of hepatitis. So very fun. Yeah. The Oilers, I mean, that was a great game by the Oilers. They, they scored three goals in the third to, to beat the Knights soundly. Maybe could be the year for we should we, should we, we should talk about this plan real quick. If the Oilers did win, we just can't have Whitney on again. Hmm mm Well it depends.


Now he would have to win MVP, He'd have to win MVP, otherwise we'd have a, we'd, we would just debate him to death on who's the best player. It would be Jason Tatum all over again. Yeah. Well, I mean we, we got a lot of round score. I'm actually rooting for the wheelers. I I, I do love watching Connor McDavid. I hope no one tells Whitney this, but like we, we have fun with him, but he's so much fun to Watch. He is really good. The one thing that we can't have is an all Canada Stanley Cup can't have, I don't know why can't have that. I like that. Okay. Me too. Me too. I want that. Would they play both national anthems before the game? I don't think so. Or just, oh, Canada.


I It's just, oh, Canada. We can't have that. We gotta, I you know what, I don't even count that as Canada winning a Stanley Cup. If it's two Canadian teams playing against each other, I Would actually to be the man, you gotta beat the man. Right. I would prefer two Canadian teams in one Canadian team because it's like, if it's been so long since they've gotten a cup and to have one of the, like, the stakes for both Canadian teams be like, can we be the first team and the other team's gonna be just forgotten in history. Oh man. Would that be awesome? Needed. See I think if it's, if it's Leafs Oilers, which actually would be great just to watch Wit and Biz go at each other, that would be fun. But It would be incredible. We could also call it Mickey Mouse, no matter who won.


It's like, well you didn't, you just beat another Canadian team and they haven't won in 40 Years. Easy mode. Easy mode. Also memes. Congratulations. You, the Islanders won the lottery. Still don't understand how the lottery worked. It, it felt like they made that way more complicated than it had to be. I still dunno how it works either. I didn't even know it was happening. I just looked at Twitter. I saw a chief's tweet that just said, what is going on? Followed by an Islanders tweet of the eyeball emoji. And then all of a sudden I just saw Islanders got the first pick. And I was like, this is, this is the greatest thing to ever happen Because you guys had the 10th best odds to get it. 10th best odds, 3% chance of getting it.


Wow. That's Crazy. Now we have people just arguing over who we're gonna pick. Where it's just like, it doesn't matter. You're gonna get somebody good. Damn. Yeah. And you're gonna get someone good who then will probably end up going to the lease at free agency. That's A good point. A lot of people are saying that just check, check, check the kids'. Instagram. There's also a Long Island kid. Yeah. Make sure he doesn't have any Yeah. Yeah. Leaf's, you know, betting that he was in when he was seven years old. You gotta make sure, you gotta make sure that doesn't happen. Yeah. Scour the internet. There's also a Hot P Kid who is a Long Island fan. An Islanders fan that, that could be the, the simple draft. He's from Long Island. From Long Island Islander fan Hagans. He plays for Boston College Center.


And is he worthy of the number one pick? A lot of people saying it's a reach, but you could trade down get more picks. But he's top five. He's top five. You're like, yeah, but this, he's from the neighborhood so He's pretty much just Yeah, just draft him so he'll never leave. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That, that, that, that lottery made no sense. I I watched it back and I was just like, what? It was like two numbers and then just fucking tell us, just reveal it. Who Care S is saying that there's a, there's like three guys that are standing out at the top of this draft. Okay. So, and I think the Black Hawks picked third. Yeah. Did we fall to fourth? I think we, we could have fallen to fourth.


I think we're third U Utah also jumped up. They're four. Yeah. We're, we're th we're three. 'cause I know the Black Hawks had the second best chance to get the number one pick so they got kind of screwed there. But whatever. Three Blackhawk are gonna be good in a like another couple years. That's What she so Keeps telling me. So I mean, I, I don't know how to auto, I don't know how to get, I don't know how to get off of auto renew on my season tickets. So those are generational. Yeah. My kids are gonna have them. Their kids are gonna have them. That's something I die. It's outta my hands. I like the season. We get to like late March and I just get an email that says thank you for your first installment for your Blackhawks tickets renewal.


You think that's bad? My grandkids are gonna have Indianapolis cold season tickets. 'cause I can't figure out how to unsubscribe from that. So this is gonna be three seasons in a row. Yeah. That I made the smart choice with those. Doing the game by game. Yep. When we did it. Because I knew I was gonna get stuck in an autorenew Again. And that's where I'm at. But I get a nice gift from Mr. Es once a year. So That's cool. Yeah. Alright, do we have anything else before we kick it to ourselves? And we have special guest Jerry O'Connell and then Kirk Goldsberry. Let's, let's hop back in the studio.


Okay. Before we get to Monday night's action in the NBA, which was incredible. You can see it in front of us. The new Mountain Dew cans are out. PFT. Yeah, it is summertime. It is. What's your favorite part about summer? Mine baseball. Mine outside. Mine's probably drinking Mountain Dew with the boys. I love that golf season. Hank. Yep. Beach golf. Getting it ready in golf season. Maybe going to the beach. Boating river or a Lake. Yeah. My favorite personally is vacation. Vacation. Well guess what? Nothing goes better with baseball. Boating golf beach and hanging with your friends. Then the refreshing citrusy kick of Mountain Dew. And look at these new cans. They went old school baby. They went throwbacks. They are awesome. This is like nostalgia in a can. It's a nice little vintage logo here. I like it. I I even like the Diet Mountain Dew logo. Yeah. It's pretty sweet. Yeah. Makes me wanna go outside. They knocked it out of the park with the new Mountain Dew. Old Mountain Dew. But New Mountain Dew cans. We love Mountain Dew. There's nothing like the citrusy kick of Mountain Dew in the summertime when the sun's shining down. Ice cold Mountain Dew with the new can Again, nostalgia in a can. Go check these out. Just so just the can alone. I don't even wanna crack mine because then the can, the can actually, you know what, I'm gonna save the can. Yeah. Save this. I'm gonna make, I'm gonna make a, a graveyard of cans. Get it. Grd. Yes. I will get it graded. So grab a dew in the new packaging and enjoy the refreshing citrus kick Mountain Dew. Taking Mountain Dew. Our wonderful sponsor.


Okay. Monday night was an incredible night of basketball. I think it might've been the best night of basketball in the last couple years. It was, it was insane. We had two road teams, big underdogs come back in very dramatic fashion. And we'll start Hank with your Celtics. 45 missed threes. Jalen Brunson was insane down the stretch. There was a stretch there where it was 75 55. The Celtics were up by 20 with 5 34 left in the third quarter. And they were on cruise control. I think you thought the same thing. I thought the same thing. Watching the game. I was like I said, It was over at halftime. This is it. This is gonna be a, a a four game series.


The Celtics are just so much better than the Knicks. And then in the next whatever it is, I think it's, I can't do my math real quick. It's like 14 minutes a game. So it's 5 34 in the third to 3 28 in the, in the fourth. The Knicks went on a 42 to 16 run 14 minutes a game play. And Jalen Brunson outscored the Celtics 18 to six. OGA nano Nobie was unbelievable as well. This was a game. I just, I was shocked. I was like, this is the Celtics are gonna win this game so easily. And then it just all flipped. And Jalen Brunson, I know they'll be Knick fans being like, did you trash him? I don't like the Jalen Brunson Fator. I did say in that statement when we talked about it two weeks ago, that I think he's a phenomenal player and very fun to watch when he is not fab abating.


And this was phenomenal. Jalen Bruns. I have a stat for you. PFD You ready for this? Sure. The NBA put this out. There's only been three players to score 75 plus fourth quarter points through their first seven games of a postseason run in the play-by-play era. Can anyone name the other two? The first how many games? First seven games of a playoff of a postseason run. There's only three players to score 75 plus fourth quarter points. Kauai And Nope. I'm gonna go with Alan Iversson. Nope. It is Jalen Brunson. Steph Curry. Ever heard of him in 2023? Kobe Bryant? Ever heard of him?


Oh, first seven games. First Seven games post of the postseason of a postseason. He scored 75 plus. He's in con he's in the sentence with Steph Curry and Kobe Bryant. It's insane. Now Hank, you had to watch this game with Ari O'Connell. Yep. I think you said afterwards that it was the worst experience of your life. Oh, That's what it is. What I, I've been complaining. We we we're recording this in the morning and I've been complaining about how I can't hear outta my left ear. My ear hasn't popped. It was Jerry. Jerry was screaming. I don't know if he was screaming Hank. No, he was. 'cause I was coming up peoples and telling them like, Hey, I can't fucking hear it on my left ear.


I had to start covering up my ear. Did Jerry, because he Was, what did it sound like? Screaming. What was he saying? Let's go Nicks. Let's go Ns. Jalen Brunson. But like not, you know, Jalen Brunson one time Jalen Brunson two times. He, when he would do a Jalen Brunson, he did it for 30 straight times in a row. Yeah. But I also saw a lot Brunson saw scoring. He would just sing Jalen Brunson until the commercial break. I Also saw a lot of Jerry whispering in your ear. Yeah, I saw him whispering. Bing pong, bing bong, bing bong. So it's not like you gotta you gotta make up your mind, you want No, that's It. Whispers Jerry. I actually think I have ear damage. I'm actually now concern. You think Jerry, Jerry did did ear damage to you? Yeah. Jerry's in your head.


He's he's firmly in your head. Yeah. And and in what way? 'cause I was sitting, I was all over the place. I I live streamed you for the, for the overtime. But I wasn't sitting with you guys for the majority of the, of the second half. He was just screaming bing bong over and over. There was a little bit of that. Not even bing bong. It was the defense. And then just whatever, whatever player was scoring. He's A passionate fan. Yeah. He, Jerry had an all time Performance. He was throwing his leg over my leg. The leg placement was crazy. He, at one point Jerry was giving Hank a lap dance. Yeah. And whispering bing bong into his ears. I I gained a newfound respect for memes last night. And, and sometimes for him. Yeah. My ear iss fucked. I actually, I wanna know, I wanna You have to record that shit and watch the game at the same time.


That's, that's very hard to do Credit to memes. I wanna know what exact, 'cause I wanna know like, exactly what it sounded like when he was just screaming in your ear. I mean, you can see the clips. I had to like, it was, you know, all fun and games. We knew that that's what we were there for. But he was yelling so loud. I had to start like putting my, my finger in my ear to block it. 'cause like my, my ear hurt. And then I woke up this morning and was like, damn, my ear hasn't popped my left ear. I don't think that's the problem. So you woke up with Jerry O'Connell in your ear. Yeah. Permanent damage. He's in your head. Rent for it. How does that Work? I What do you mean What's gonna happen? I don't know. Am I just deaf? What would Maybe, you know what be of Those. I can't live like this. I can't live like this. It might be one of those things where for the rest of my life, Like you hear a song that gets stuck in your head, you need to hear it again to get it out of your head.


Yeah, bro. Is that what it sounded like? Hey, lab. So Yeah, This is the problem. It doesn't stop. He won't stop. Like he's just not gonna stop like one or two or three times. Fine. So Ted Jerry for Than Night Jerry. Yeah. Tell us for a night. Tell us from your perspective how the night was. Because you, you, you haven't changed. I don't know if you slept for people who aren't watching the YouTube tune into YouTube because he is, he's backing his mesh Green Tank top in front of his car.


His antique car. Yeah. He's got the hat on. Yeah, He's got the hat on. Yeah. Nipples are popping. Missing tank's hat. Thank you for this. Yep. Shout Josh. This is our, this is our broke back mountain hat. Hank. Yeah. First of all my clothes. I do wanna say a lot of people are like saying like, what is he wearing? Why is he wearing that? It was the Be Gala. I was making a joke about the fashion at the Met Gala. And I wore this and I thought it was like all fun and everything until I had to meet Larry Fitzgerald and Steven Nash at the party. It was so much fun there at the DraftKings Sportsbook in Scottsdale.


But Larry Fitzgerald was like, what fuck are you wearing, man? Like, what is this? It's a satire Larry. And I was like, I was like, oh, Larry, it's, it's a joke. It's like the Be gala. The Met Gala. And then I had to meet Stephen Nash and like, someone was like, oh Jerry, this is Stephen Nash. And Stephen Nash was like, what the, are you like a dancer here? And it was like, no, no, no. I'm an actor. Kangaroo Jack, and I'm wearing this for the Be Gala. It's, it's a joke. So that was a little embarrassing. I was embarrassing wearing it. But man, getting, I I, I totally forgot about the game. I like, in the third quarter, I stopped watching the game. I was sitting at chicken fries table. I was sitting with the chicks in the office.


Casey, everybody looked pretty. It was fun. I was like, I'm giving up on this game. And then it happened. And I gotta tell you, I I'm a little older than you guys. Very reminiscent of the 86 Mets. Ooh. And how they, and how they beat the Boston Red Sox. It really is reminiscent of that. A New York team just rising from the ashes, like a phoenix to destroy Austin sports. It is, it was so much fun. I never screamed directly in your ear. I never screamed directly in your That's from the It's on, It's on tape.


Jerry plane. Ride on. It's on tape. Dude. Hold your nose. Hold your nose. I've been trying to do that. That's the problem. Yeah. You damaged him. Yeah. This Is not Hank is is blaming you for something. That is, that is not your fault. Jerry, Hank goes to enough concerts. He's had enough speakers in his ears. I don't think, I don't think it's a hearing damage. And Also for a lot of it, I was just going bing, Bong pong, pong, bong, bong binging, binging, binging. Bing bingy. You blew it. Binging bong Hecky. It's so fun. It was. But I gotta tell you, You almost strangled Dave Jerry. That was fucked up. Yeah. You almost strangled Dave.


You were very central with Hank. I thought you guys were gonna fuck the way you were inside of his ear. I gotta tell you, Jersey Jerry pulled me aside. It was so fun to be with all the bars, stool people. It really was. Shout out to Bluman as well. I gotta give Bluman blackman's dad a shout out. Also, I keep forgetting to do this. Blackman's father, obviously Barstool celebrity is the one who said you should April Fool's Day Max Wow. And call his big dom. So that was all, that was all Lyman's dad. Okay. I gotta tell you. So I'm there and I'm, I'm like watching the game with Hank.


There was some inappropriate touching. I'm sorry about that. I mean, should I talk to like Barstool HR or something doesn't Exist? No. Yeah. Good. Yeah. You also had, you just, you also just had a raging boner at one point when you, you you got a nice cock. Well it was just, the game was happening. I swear it wasn't Hank. Anyway, Jersey Jerry comes up to me and he's like, Jersey Jerry, who I love was like, Hey man, can I, can I talk to you in a second? This is it like a timeout. And I was like, oh yeah, yeah. And he's cool. He is got his new haircut. He's, he was fun. And he was like, Hey dude, what's Your, what's your deal man? What's your deal? And I was like, what do you mean watch the Knicks?


And he was like, no, no. And he was like pointing at this outfit. And he was like, well, what's your deal? You, you married? Like, what's your story? And I was like, yeah, I'm, I'm married. And he was like, well why, why are you doing all this? What is, what is all that? Like what's your story? I see you climbing all over Hank like, what is this? Who, who are you? You have something you want to tell me? You have something like get it off your chest bro. Get it. Like be free. Free yourself. And I was like, Terry, I'm gonna go back and watch Watson Mix. It was so exciting. But the pa the resistance was your boss pte Dave Portnoy.


Immediately the Celtics lose. He goes into his phone and I was like, I gotta go Bing bong this guy. I gotta go bing bong him. Good instinct. Went right over to him, gave him a hug, thanked him for all he does. Yeah. He does a great job. And just bing bonged him right there. It felt so good. You know what? I wouldn't have been a real Knicks fan if I hadn't bing Bonged the fuck outta Dave Portnoy. It felt so good. Yeah. And it got wr written up in the New York post. You got, you got the New York Post had a, a story about Jerry O'Connell, Bing Bonging, Dave Porto. Yeah. Just bing bonged him right there. Did thank him for all he does. Thank you for all your, thank you for all you do.


Alright, Hank, Hank has A question. I I have another. First of all, you, you, you ruptured my eardrum. And then we got to the airport last night and PFT gave me what I thought was your whole outfit, suit and jacket. And I originally, I was gonna throw it away and then I was like, you know what, when the Celtics come back and win the series in five, I'll wear the jacket and have my sweet revenge. And then I was like, damn, this, this jacket's wet. You just gave him the pants and they were like, you gave me sweaty. Yeah. Disgusting ass. It is gross. And the second I realized it was just the pants, I threw 'em away. But that was fucked up too. Like those pants were disgusting sweat. It was that sweat. And by the way, watch the video.


I wasn't wearing no underwear. Oh. So that's why the, that's why the bulge was popping on that one, on that one clip where you were orgasming in front of everyone we're Leaving. And Jerry comes up to tell you he's, he's like, bring these pants to Hank. And then I touched them. He was like, oh yeah, you might wanna be careful. That's all my ass sweat that's on there. And they were, he Didn't say that. PT didn't say that to me. He is like here, honestly guys, Full disclosure, I gotta say loved the, the de the Draft King sports book. Those mountain go cans look really cool. Great ad-libbing there. You really stretched that out. But I gotta say, I gotta say I did, I did pop a couple of rocks on before the game just to like get the blood flowing.


Just to like, to like be like Let's go Dick. Let's go, let's go Dicks. Oh man. It was what a dream. What dream. What a dream. What a day. What a day. I got a question for you because you hit some big bets last night and I know, yeah. I know that you're only allowed to bet a certain amount because of your wife who we love, who's always welcome on the show we love. And I know that you hit a couple bets. Have you told her about those bets? And if so, do you, do you get to hang onto that money or do you have to give that back to her? No, already gave the money back. It's already, it's already gone.


It's my wife's walking around money. She got it. It wasn't a little awkward. Like I didn't wanna do this at home. Obviously I'm in the park that I always scream to you guys from just 'cause like I didn't wanna put this on in like front of my whole family and everything. But what a night. What a night. You know, I'll tell you first of all, everyone should bet responsibly a lot of people. I saw you posted how much I bet. And everything. Everyone should bet responsibly. But it's so funny. I had such better remorse because I chickened out at the last second and I was like, all right, I'll take the Knicks with the points. You should always just bet moneyline bets. Especially if it's with your heart.


Just bet moneyline bets. What a bummer. What a bummer. What a chicken shit I was, you know? Yeah. That's Okay though. Jerry, I got a question for you. So you spent the whole day with us. It was great. We played golf, we hung out in the suite. Yeah, we went to the Be gala. Was it every, like our operation? It was just fun having you around, right? It was such a joy having you, you around all day. It was super cool. You know, when we were playing golf, I have a little bit of a slice a touch, but I am not a terrible golfer. Hank, I want you to say it. You're not a terrible golfer. Okay. That was nice. Thank you. Don't drive the ball very far. But I do have, I have a little trouble with distance.


I do. Especially off the tee. I have a little trouble with distance. It's my thing. And man, Big Cat. Just you in my ear just going, just saying like, wow, you have a little trouble with distance. You say the one thing that really fucking threw me off my game. It just, it was so emasculating. You really are quite effective. Especially when you were on the other team. But I'm literally going to the range and I'm going to my pro and I'm saying I need another 50 yards right now. This guy just was in my ear. Yeah. And also it was really fun hanging out with you Big Cat. If I may, I mean, is this a, am I allowed to be honest here with Everyone? Yeah. Yeah.


Wonderful night that, did anyone try the steak at that draft King sports book? Yeah, I did. Yeah. Had it all. Oh, it was delicious. Just melted in, in your mouth. But going to a sports book with Big Cat is an interesting experience. 'cause you walk in, you're with friends, you're excited, you're, you're gonna watch a game and Big Cat just starts at some point just like pacing back and forth and you're like, Hey Big Cat. What? What's going on? And Big Cat just goes, haven't cashed a bet, haven't cash a bet. Haven't won a bet. Haven't won a bet all night. Haven't won a bet, haven't cashed a bet. And it's like, oh yeah, well we're just, we're having fun. We're here for the bet gala. It's kind of fun. And Big Cat just like looks off in the distance. He's like, haven't cashed a bet.


Can't hit fucking threes. Can't hit fucking threes. It's fucking hockey game. It's not gonna hit six, it's not gonna hit six goals. You gotta be fucking kidding me. Five and a half goals haven't cashed to bet. So, but again, if I may suggest like maybe just bet to have fun, you know? Yeah. Don't like make it because a lot of times spoiler alert, you're not gonna win bets. Yeah, well you know, that's True. That's true. And Jerry, that's, that's very fair criticism. I personally thought I took the BET Gala as a personal challenge where I was like, I'm going to bet everything. And a lot of it. 'cause I was like, what else are you supposed to do at the BET Gala. So, yeah, I had a lot of balls in the air at the beginning like that, that whatever it was, I think it was like four o'clock to five o'clock Pacific time had a lot of balls in the air and none of 'em were going through the net, so it wasn't going well.


But then it, it turned around. Yeah. Didn't you hit your Yeah. Over goals. Yeah. In the Maple Leaf game. Yeah. The, the be it's, it was tough when you start and you, like, I, I was owing four within like the first 15 minutes of the BET gala. And that's when it gets a little, you know, the, the stress starts to rise. I haven't cast a bet, I haven't cast a bet. I haven't cast a fucking bet. The bet that's Every Sunday in the gambling ca area, It's not about winning bats. The BET gala was about just looking hot with your friends. Yeah. And possibly giving them hearing damage. Yeah. So I'd say you succeed fun about those. It was really, yeah. Sorry. What? No, you did a great job, Jerry. We, we loved having you there. You brought a ton of energy.


We appreciate it. I love the fact that you're up one another. Have you thought about the rest of the series? Because Dave told you generally Sweet. Tell you. I mean, Yeah. Just enjoy the one win, Jerry. In all honesty, I've gotta tell you, the Celtics look incredible, Hank, they're really, they're a frightening team in the East. So that was really fun. Taking it one game at a time. Each game is a challenge. I mean, but the Knicks do have that special 86 Mets magic that just somehow finds a way like Harry Pata to beat Austin. They just figure it out.


It's magic. It's magic. Hank knows what I'm talking about. It don't, can you hear me? Yeah. No, it's game one. I, I hear you. I hear what you're saying. Hey, How old were you in that? In 1986? I was Negative seven. Okay. Negative seven. Yeah. Alright. Well, Jerry, I, I do have one more question for you, Jerry, because we just talked about this on Sunday, And we mentioned it briefly when we were playing golf, but you worked with Jerry Bruckheimer. Yeah. In Kangaroo Jack. Yeah. What was that experience like? Sure. Did he try to add any explosions? How, how badass is he? He's an incredible producer. He, he, he really is. I don't even have a bit here.


I'm not even doing a joke here. His attention to detail is everything. He looks at everything and everything goes through him. And he really knows how to make people have an enjoyable experience in a theater. A best producer I've ever worked with such an honor. And I'm, I'm lucky to call him a friend. Love That. Love that. Well, Jerry, let's hope this series goes six or seven because we have plans to maybe fly you back for We'll just, you know what, you'll just do Hank's right ear. You'll even him out. Hank, I I hope you don't have hearing damage. I wasn't screaming in your ear. I was not. I agree. What is that? I agree.


How can you say that? There's no evidence. How can you, yeah, like how can you, how can you say that that path, that that's psychotic stuff. I think you have like a cold. I think you have like a cold, like maybe a low cold or something. You look, this is Jerry Hank's LeBron. He is like, oh no. I, I got, I lost the game. Oh yeah. So I'm all banged up now. Yeah. If game two was tonight, Hank could have listened to it. Hank Hank is like on the couch. The Knicks just beat the Celtics and he's like, oh, my ear, my ear. Oh yeah. No, that is, I woke up. You did the look up. I see you Mike. I see you. My ear. My ear. I'm injured. I'm injured. Are they looking? Is the stream on me?


Oh yeah. I see you. Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. My personal favorite was when I was whispering, not shouting. I mean, infinity times Someone read, how many times did you say Bing bong on, on X everything app. And somebody wrote Infinity Times when I was just in commercial breaks. Just going bing, bong, bing, bong, bing, bong, bing, bong, bing, bong, bing, bong, bing, bong, bing, bong, bing, bong, bing, bong. It worked though, man. It worked. One thing did work. I, I did respect Jerry was that Jerry kept saying like, you can say whatever you want to me. Which I think was just his invitation to just go crazy on myself. Like, he kept saying that. I was like, all right. Yeah. And then It's like, we love you Jerry. What are we gonna say to you? Well, it's so funny.


I mean, it's like a relationship that Hank and I have. I was like touching him. I was engaging with him and he didn't like, he was like, every time I touched him he was like, don't touch me. You know? And I was like, you could touch me. This is a two-way street. You know? I mean like, I give a little, you give a little And we have like a relationship. You know, like, What's the deal? What should do? He wants you to do whatever you want to Hank. You gotta Have a safe work. Yeah. It was, I I There was never really a chance. Yeah. Well, Jerry, great. Oh man. Great job. I was very happy for You. Jerry, can you leave? I still, I know what a what? A what A night. Yeah. What a night. I'm taking that wind and we'll worry about Wednesday night when it happens. We'll worry about tonight when it happens.


Yeah. But man, what a night. What a night. Good work There. Good work. Good catch there. Alright Jerry, you're the best. We can't wait to see you. Hopefully game six or seven. Bing bong in Hank's ear and Yeah, it was, it was, it was sensual. It was, it was special stuff. It was special. Special stuff. Seeing you and Hank just having those moments. I, I, I think the one lasting image is Hank being like, when, when my kids, when we're walking on the street and a firetruck goes by and they put their fingers in their ear. That was just Hank for the entire fourth quarter. Yeah. And it, it's still, I'm still fucked. Still fucked. Still fucked. Alright. Alright. Jerry, Tough up.


Hank. Come on. People played two injuries. Tough up, Up. Yeah. Alright. Thanks Jerry. Okay. Hank. We had to get his, we had to get Jerry here special guest because he, he was with us all day. He is. So It wasn't, it Was just like a shot of energy all day. Like all day. Being with him is so much fun. I was, I didn't feel the best during the bet gala 'cause I was also battling kidney stones and thought I was gonna like shit myself and piss myself. But he is, he just brings the energy up. Yeah, no, it was a great time. And it was like super casual. We were having fun because the game seemed like it was over. Right. And then all of a sudden it turned very quickly. But before that, like we were, we were having a blast. He's a fun, fun guy to be at a party with.


Yeah. Yeah. Early in the day, we were in the golf cart together and Jerry asked me if, if we were being recorded, if anything was on. And I told him no. And then he started to tell me a story. And then halfway through the story I realized that yes, in fact there was a GoPro in the golf cart. Yeah. I was like, Hey Jerry, my bad, it's right here. And he just stared at me like, what have you done to me? What have you done to my career? So then every five minutes for the rest of the day. Yeah. Jerry would ask, is there a camera on us right now? What being recorded right now? And it was, it was everywhere. It was in the hotel. It was In the car. It was at the, in the car. It was everywhere. But, and I don't think it changed what he was gonna say next. No, not at all. He would've said it if we said yes, you were being recorded. He still would say the same things. He just, he's so fucking funny. And so he's so funny. And We were leaving the golf course again. I don't think I told you this, but we're about to leave the golf course.


I go into pee right after Jerry goes into pee, he walks out and then I'm still in the bathroom. There are two other guys that are in the bathroom that just saw Jerry walk out and they start talking to each other and they go, you know, the bar stool guys are here. The other one's like, yeah, I know. That was just Big Cat in here. Oh, somebody thought that Jerry was was Big Cat. I mean, I liked that. That's pretty good. Yeah. Jerry's a good looking guy up front. Up, up close. He's a good fucking looking guy. Back to the game though, Hank. We like Joe Missoula, big fans of his love. Great guy, great coach. Best friend. Do you have any, any, I don't want to even use the C word criticism. No. Do you have any, do you have any notes for him on the game? He's not shooting the ball.


That's true. That is. But is there any, is there any backup? I it wouldn't even be, 'cause it feels like the Celtic strategy is shoot threes. Yes. Their backup strategy is also to shoot Threes Missoula ball. Yeah. I Think they're emergency strategies to shoot more threes. Is there like a fourth option? That's not threes? No, I mean I think this goes back to even before the Missoula days, especially like the 2022 run where when things get tight, sometimes the Celtics fall back too much into isolation mode. One-on-one, step back threes. Yeah. And it happens. It's happened in the past. I think obviously, you know, last year they figured it out. I think that was a good wake up call game of like, if we're not making our shots, we gotta try and, you know, have run a better offense and just drive the ball.


Yeah. Yeah. But also if we, you know, we missed 45 threes. If we missed 40 threes, we win the game easily. So it was a historically bad shooting night. We still lost in overtime. I'm not worried about the series at all. I'm not worried about the, the strategy or the team or anything. Like, there's only so much you can do when you miss Celtic's in five. Celtic's in five. So Hank Jalen Brunson has to scare you a little. He's, he's, I don't, I don't, I just don't think it's like, if we, if we hit a couple more shots, that game was won easily. We like, we should have won that game easily. That was a, that was an anomaly. I'm looking at Your shot chart from the third quarter. How many, how many non three pointers did you take during the third quarter? Four. If you were to guess. No, you took 1, 1, 1 That's really bad.


One Shot and it was, I think it was a dunk or, or a layup. But everything else was outside. Outside the three point arc. And then if you look at the shot chart from before, I think this is from Chris Forsburg up to six 19 left in the third verse. The rest of the game you guys just went cold. So I think there is some truth to it that if you have to make some, they Had good looks too. It Wasn't, you have to make some of your Three. Yeah, yeah. You're gonna make threes. Are you willing to do game of the year Wednesday night? Yeah. I don't know what, what's the spread? Whose Line is it anyway? DraftKings? Seven and a half. What was the spread game and one, eight and a half. Nine and a half. Nine and a half was game one. I would guess seven and a half. It might be higher and half. I think. I would say it would be higher. I think it would be lower. I think 10 and a half.


Yeah, I Think it's higher. Okay. You gotta go desperation. It Does feel like game of the year. Yeah. I'll go game of the year. I would Personally, If Barcelona wins on it's Tuesday. So if Barcelona has won today, it's game of the Year. Game Of the year. Okay. Also shout out Mikhail Bridges, because I know his stat line isn't like super sexy. He played 51 minutes. Yeah. Andy also had the big three and was he the one who stole the ball at the end on Jalen Brown? I pre, I'm pretty sure. Yes. So Yeah, just ripped it away from us. But like Having a guy could play 51 minutes is insane. Did he say after the game? I'm a football guy. Yeah, I didn't hear that, but that's awesome. I love that. Yeah. Yeah. Memes, you're Knicks fan. How you feeling? Oh, That game was unbelievable. Yeah, We had the best player on the floor last night.


Okay. Got 'em. I think that Was supposed to be like A Gotcha. No, that's a good point. That's not a gotcha. Think He was expecting like a Oh oh, he was expecting like a rap battle. Like You can add that in in post Psych. Yeah, yeah. Do the, do the gift. That's the wrong number. Covering his head and going, oh my God, it's over. No, I, well I I think we did. Yeah. No, you did Bert, I saw You did Clutch Player of the Year. He proved it. Og n Nobie went off. We, they played good even though Kat had one of the worst third quarters of all time. Well it's clear they're gonna just go after Kat to try to follow him out because he does, when he's off the floor, the spacing for the Knicks is a lot different. So Yeah. Then they just go to hack ait, which is just brutal to watch.


Right. Yeah. That is brutal to Watch. Josh Hart is a dog too. Yeah. Yeah. He played like 46, 47 minute. I mean, they're, these guys are, they're dogs. So are you, do you think you can win this series? I, I have more belief now. Okay. You just gotta take it game by game. Possession of my possession. Yep. I was scared at when they were down 20. I thought, I thought we were gonna get swept, smoked. But they have a lot of fight. There's no quit. Yeah, That's true. I I think it's very unlikely that the Celtics have a three point shooting performance in game two like they did. I'd agree with that. I think just based on, on everything that you've seen from the team in the last like two years, honestly. And they're gonna drive more. They're gonna get more, even more open. Looks like, I noticed this one thing about Tibs last playoffs and I think I've been confirmed about it as being correct.


I think he might be going bald. Ah, you think? I think, I think I think he might be losing his hair. Yeah, just a little. Just a little. At some point. Like Tim, Tim should make the Like not a lot. Like, it's not like crazy. It's just like a tiny little patch. He's got some good coverage for now. But I'm just saying something to keep your eye on because it's gonna start showing up. He wouldn't even have to do that much surgery And as a guy that has lost some hair, I feel like maybe I'm the first one to notice it. Yeah. Because like I recognize the patterns I saw in myself. Yeah. Because it's not like you, the normal person would not notice the tips is going bald. Yeah. But you, it's, it's kind of like you're almost trained as a hair doctor now. Yeah. Where you know, like, hey, you're not bald yet, but like give it 10 years, you might be bald.


I think The average person might start picking up on it in a couple years. So just something for tips. I don't know. I'm just looking out for 'em because I don't know if you know it. It's a hard conversation to have for some guys. I Agree. I agree. So yeah. Alright. The other game also Insane nuggets. Thunder hand up am a moron. I think I had the exact quote of like, this is a scheduled loss for the nuggets. They're, you know, to go two days or Yeah. Two days rest into Oklahoma City. One seed waiting for you. It's basically a game that they might just punt on and try to win on ga on Wednesday night. Couldn't have been more wrong. The, the nuggets kept on fighting and like pushing the ball, pushing the, the rock up the hill.


And it was crazy because it felt like the Thunder had won this game so many times they were up 10. It it was just varying degrees of 10 where it was like, oh yeah, then the nuggets make a little run, then they're back up to 10. The nuggets were up, or sorry, the thunder up 13 with 6 39 left the thunder upward nine with 3 0 2 left. But Nicole Jokic is the best player in the world. He is the best player playing basketball right now in the world. He had 42, 22 and six. It was an MVP off with him and SGA who also was very good with 33, 10 and eight. But the Nuggets Aaron Gordon shot, I, I mean I I don't know your takeaway PFT but mine is just the thunder.


The nuggets are a really good team. They've been there, they've been through the wars. The thunder are young on the younger side, choked and should have won this game. And the mismanagement and mis free throws at the end of the game were just egregious. I think that Jokic was the best coach in this game. Yeah. He was actually coaching the guys on the sidelines during timeouts. He was, when he was off the court right before the thunder fo up three, he was like running the show. He was coaching for the, you saw him like in the technical box. Yeah. He was like walking back and forth, calling people out. But that, that moment Yep. Was the dumbest moment I've ever seen in these playoffs in the fact that I do not understand for the life of me, the, the the wave of follow up three has taken over basketball.


I get the analytics of it. In no way are you supposed to follow up three without letting any time go off the, the clock and 75 feet from the basket. And yo, like if you're the thunder, how do you fuck this up so bad where there's 11 seconds left, you are up three Jokic is on the bench. The the nuggets do not have a timeout play fucking defense. You're the best defense in the league. Yeah. The worst that can happen is you go to overtime and there's 11 seconds left and the best player in the world's on the bench. Instead they fouled in us like 0.1 seconds, let him come back in. It was insane. Baffling. Baffling. And they foul a guy who I think Aaron Gordon's like an 80% free throw shooter and they fouled him so far away from the basket.


Got Jokic back in the game. I understand the foul up three thing. I personally fucking hate fouling Up three. Oh yeah, no, I think The game like, don't get me wrong, it is, it's the right decision I think most of the time with, if it's like eight seconds to two seconds left, it's probably the right thing to do. If you foul under two seconds, there's a chance that they're in the act of shooting anyways. So they might be able to get a cheap three foul shots outta that. Right. But I think from what all the, all the math nerds say, it's like eight seconds and under it could be the right choice. But again, I don't think you can even say right or wrong all the time because it just, it's all based on how good are your foul shooters. Right. So there's a lot of variables that go into it and, And you just don't, you never, ever do it without let you have to let them a little time come off the clock.


Yeah. I just, I I don't like it. You can't really, you can't really ban it. But it seems like the coolest part of basketball is like a buzzer beater or a game coming down to the wire and fouling up three. It just, it takes that away from somebody that's watching it. I know if you're like a fan of either team, you've got something different invested in it. But if you're just watching the game, it just steals the possibility of having a great ending for you. Yeah. You follow up three. So again, if you're a coach, I, I get why you would do it in some circumstances. I just hate it. There's probably no way to get rid of it unless you also get rid of fouling when you're down to extend the game. Yep. So I understand that. But yeah, Jokic just, did you see him on the inbound play when they, they inbounded to Chet before Chet got fouled at the end? Well, a couple things. So one right after Aaron Gordon made his foul shots, you know what happened right before I, I think that there might have been a timeout called, there was a brief break in the action.


Chet went up to the line, got the ball and simulated taking a foul shot. Yeah. Like he knew he was about to get foul. Yeah. On the next possession. He was thinking about it that entire time. Then he gets in Jokic turns his back to the ball and starts doing the electric slide on defense. Just like jumping all over the place, getting into passing lanes. They foul Chet and then Chet, he just looked like he was gonna shit himself at the line. Yeah. He did not look confident. And that's probably like the nuggets won't find themselves in a pressure situation like that because they've been there. They, they've been in big games before. Right. This is all kind of new for the thunder. And then Chet gets up there and he holds the ball forever when he shoots a fellow shot. So. Yep. There's like this big pause that you can just tell. He's thinking like, don't fuck this up, don't fuck this up, don't fuck this up.


And then he fucked it up and I, I'm very happy for Aaron Gordon too. Yeah. He's had a great couple weeks. Oh yeah. Big time and yeah, you are right. There was the thunder user last time out before Che Holmgren's free throws another coaching malpractice move because what happens at the end of the game, Aaron Gordon hits a three with two seconds left. You need to have a timeout in your back pocket so that you can advance the ball. Yeah. Like you have to that. That's crazy. So this was just, this was just a masterclass of a young team not being through it and not knowing how to close out these games and the nuggets being the opposite in a team that's been through the wars and Jokic being the best player in the world. I do have a couple, and also by the way, Russell Westbrook, we almost had a Russell Westbrook moment where he hit the three, he almost hit that three.


He was wide open to go ahead before the Chet free throws. But then credit to Russell Westbrook, he's having a very good playoffs as well. His drive to set up Aaron Gordon, if you watch it like, you know, in Russell Westbrook's head, he's like, I'm gonna go be the hero. Yeah. Instead he dri he takes like a step or two into the pass, the three point line Chet has to sag off. Then he hits Aaron Gordon. Perfect pass, perfect shot. Like that was Russell Westbrook. I don't wanna say growing up but like, 'cause he is very old. But look at this like, he gets Chet to kind of commit a little bit with a false step. And Russell Westbrook needs a lot of credit 'cause we make a lot of jokes. He's been very good.


These players, they don't win these games without Russ versus Russ and Russ. Russ won and they were down one when Russ was taking the ball up court there. Yeah. And so he could have tried to go nuclear and do the thing at Rus. Correct. He could have been like, I'm Russ drives to the hole and then just like spikes it off the backboard and the, the rebound lands that made court. But he didn't, he made the right pass. I I kind like what Aaron Gordon, it makes no sense to shoot a three there, but it's like the different levels of of of brain activity. Normal good brain activity is taking a two down three late. Yeah. Inspired brain activity is taking a three when you're down two. Right. To get a one point win. And then genius level is taking a three when you're down one. Well it Is imperfect. Like he, he stepped right into it.


It was perfectly, he was wide open. Incredible game by the nuggets. The nuggets are just fun. What like yoga's just so much fun to watch. I just fucking, I love watching him play basketball. I do have a few things that I'm concerned about for the Thunder in this series now I think it's gonna be a long series. We've talked about the youth, the, the, the other things that I have that I'm concerned about. The Thunder one, this was the bugaboo all year was like they're not very big down low and, and they can get bullied a little bit. 'cause Chet Holmgren is not exactly Stout. I think Jokic could eat Che. Yeah. I think like maybe a week. Yeah. Give him a week. He'll, he'll consume him. Especially when he just Played a full series against Zak. Yeah.


Right. So then he goes to, it's basically, he, he played a full series with like six batting donuts on and now he's, now he's swinging a whiffle ball bat. So the nuggets out rebounded the thunder. 63 43 including 21 offensive rebounds. That feels like a problem. That feels like something that might, they might have to figure out, hey, we're gonna have to put more people on the glass. I don't, I don't know what what that's gonna end up being. But that's, that's a problem. I also think the problem with the thunder is who's gonna be their second guy? 'cause they wasted a Caruso game. Yeah. Caruso was awesome this game. Jalen Green is like, was not the second, you need a second guy who can step up and they had a bunch of guys who scored, you know, 10 between 10.


The Thunder have so many guys Big Cat. Right. But you don't have the second guy. PFT. You got it. Step, step in. What about the guys? Yeah. They Have guys for days. Well, is true. I forgot your guys' guy off. You wanna To get the guy off? Who's their second guy to score? Probably They're Jalen Williams. Sorry. I said Jalen Green. Jalen Williams, their Second guy to score Jalen Williams. Was I five for 20? He, Jalen Williams should be their second guy. But I don't trust him as their second guy. They've got a lot of second guys. A lot of different guys. If you have, if you have five second guys, do you really have one? This is a problem. I think you just retro retroactively like got demolished in the guy off. Oh no I didn't because the point of the guy off was that there was at least one player, one guy on the thunder that was better than one guy on the Celtics.


That was the guy off. Got it. Just, yeah, it was just a statement. Was S g's better than Tatum? No, that was not, I don't think that was the statement. SGA do you like watching SGA? He's, he's in the camp of, of the Brunson harden where it's like, to be fair, he, a lot of times he will foul abate. I do like watching him, but there, when he gets into that mode where it's just living on the free throw line, it's not as fun. Yeah. That's, That's just, it's again, but when he, he's not saying he's not an incredible player 'cause he is, it's just when it becomes all foul shots, that's not fun basketball to watch. I do like the thing that he does where he just takes the longest possible route ever to get to the basket. Yeah. And he just zigzags back and forth like six times.


Yeah. His, his knees kind of bend out and, and he just looks like he's gumby. Like he's elastic. Yeah. I like that. But then when he, when he does the thing where he hits the brakes or jumps sideways into a guy. Right, Right. It's fair. It's the fairness. It's the same thing as Brunson where it's like, I think both of them are so awesome, but when they do get into that mode, it's not fun to watch. I just don't know. Caruso had 20 points and like they, you just need, they're gonna need someone to step up. And it might just be that they, they're a year away from, from one of those guys being the step up guy. And then the last thing that concerns me about the thunder is our boy didn't put on the shirt again. And he not only didn't do that, but he mocked it. He mocked the shirt.


PFD you were correct in saying that those black shirts do not play. Yeah. The thing is with Oklahoma City, you're a great, maybe the best t-shirt city in America when it comes to sports. Yeah. Right. We can all agree on that. Oh, absolutely. Almost everybody wears the shirt. There's 99.98% of the fans wear the shirt. You're taking away your t-shirt advantage when you wear a dark muted color. Yep. Like was it navy blue or was it, was it black? It was a very dark color and it didn't pop. Usually you get either the white or the blue in the, the light blue in the stands and you know that it's a t-shirt game. I didn't even know it was a t-shirt game at first. Yeah. It just looked like there were empty seats out There. Yeah. And so our guy Juan Guerra, there was rumors going around the internet. Actually you said it to me in person.


Pft, you're like, I think the guy put the shirt on tonight. And he, that's because he basically is mocking everyone who puts on the shirt. He had a pullout being like, who thinks that I'll wear a black shirt tonight? Because that was the shirt of choice for everyone and it was no minus 1000. Yes. Plus 600. And then he's like, for everyone who said that, I was not gonna wear a black shirt. You're wrong. He was wearing a black shirt. He was just wearing an orange, Oklahoma City thunder jersey over it. Making sure that he stuck out more than everyone. I don't, I don't like it at all. He's, he's just mock, he's mocking the t-shirt culture now. Like it's one thing to be sc be yourself, you know, be an asshole.


Say you're not gonna wear the shirt fine. Make it all by yourself, that's fine. Do it. But now you're mocking those that do Come on man. So I think if the thunder lose game too, this guy, someone's gotta, someone's gotta like, hold him down and put the T-shirt on. You know what they have to do? They have to trap this guy. What, what the thunder need to do is next home game. They need to not give out t-shirts at all. And then see what color T-shirt this guy's wearing. Let's say he wears a blue T-shirt and then you have the t-shirts ready to go. You send out like a, like a delta force of marketing people. Yeah. Into the crowds passing out all the t-shirts to match that guy's shirt. He would be so mad. It would be so great. Yeah. Because that's all he wants to do is just stick out.


And he, he always will quote, what you breaking moose? What? My ear Popped. Oh. Oh, There we go. Hanky. Jerry, you have an apology for Jerry? Yeah. I'm sorry Jerry. You blamed. I got worried. I was, I got worried. I got worried. You, you accused him of assault. We gotta call. You're hanky Smaller. I had to call him real quick. No. Well yeah, you guys saw it happen in real time when I realized like, oh shit, this might be a problem, but it's not. We're Good. So you just blamed, you blamed an innocent man. I didn't blame. I said this could have been the reason you yell Once in your ear. He did yell in my ear. Not one single time. It's Jesse Lockwood. That's crazy. What?


You should feel bad. I don't feel bad. I'm happy. I can hear. But you should feel bad for blaming an innocent man. My career Was on the line. You can't podcast Jerry. Listen, Jerry's career was on the line. You said that his voice was so damaging that it caused your eardrum to rupture. That's his livelihood. All right, well he'll listen to this and he'll, he'll hear Are you officially apologizing? I don't really know what I did. I said that might have been the reason. Mm, No, you blamed him. Him He pointed a finger at him. You sat Up. He did. Oh, I remember why He Was yelling in my ear. He Was, I don't think he was. He's he said that he was not. Yeah, You're why you're trying to listen. This is very unbecoming of you Hank You need to learn how to lose. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I apologize for nothing.


What do you guys gonna think is gonna happen in the rest of the OKC series? I mean it's the thunder. The thunder are stacked. Like they're the best team in the league. There's no way they lose a series. That's good. It's, It's not even the Western Conference finals. I'm not gonna overreact to one game. No, I do think there are issues with them rebounding. I I think it might be, it might be time for a game of the year. Game two for the thunder. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. I agree. I mean I, I think both the home teams will even the series I I love how much Hank respects the thunder. That's how can I not How can you not? They've, they've proven so much. I mean they won a shitload of games this year. Yeah. No regular season wins means everything. Yeah. I think Chen will be better I think.


But again, like seeing, seeing him, no dude, it gets Jokic. It it does. No, it's like old man strength for His Yeah. It's man for his Boy. Yeah. And he knows it. Everyone knows it. Yeah. When you're watching it, Like Jokic there Jokic all shit has is his size. But Yo Jokic doesn't care about that. No. It's Like, I'll eat you. He's just big body boyser. Yeah. Constantly. There was one possession where it was just, yeah, he was just big body boying him. Like to, to the point where yo's just like, all right now I'll throw it off the rim and it will hit like, you know, 95% of the rim rolling around and then go in. Does there has been a lot of dis nuggets. Does a lot like when they were, I think it was even after they won game seven, they were by far the last I think the Warriors had better odds to win the NBA championship than the Nuggets did.


I mean, that would Wait you're saying that before, Before the Warriors game seven had The No, I'm saying like, no, I'm saying like in the West. Yeah. I mean that's not the, the thunder are the one seed. I don't think that's disrespect. No. But even though they had already advanced and I don't think that the Warriors had advanced yet. Got it. The Warriors still had better odds to win the championship. That is Disrespectful. That is dis It is disrespectful. And I checked the odds again today, this morning. Not, not a lot of movement. It feels like they're, they can actually play the disrespect card right now, which is crazy considering how good they've been. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Should we do Hot Seat? Cool Throne. Incredible night of basketball. That was just the best. I mean that's, it's gonna be tough for, for the hockey guys to hear it, but that was, that was, was two in insane, insane game ones.


And if these series, the series can like match the game ones we're in for a very fun time. Alright, so Hot Seat. Cool. Terone.


Okay, before we get to Hot Seat. Cool. Terone, it's brought to you by our friends at Gametime NBA playoffs are here. And the only place to buy hard to get playoff tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports with Killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets Price on the app actually go down the closer it gets the tip off and you can save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets. Look at a tickets Celtics Knick Game two. Hank. Yeah. Garland's gonna be rocking. I'm looking right now in the Gametime app and there's a zone deal for $145. That's a $21 off deal. Okay. So what are you waiting for? Go buy those tickets now. Take the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


Hot Seat. Cool Throne is also brought to you by our friends at Body Armor. This segment is brought to you by Body Armor Sports Drink. Body Armor has great tasting flavors like strawberry banana and orange mango with no artificial dyes, flavors or sweeteners in a bold new look with the same great taste. Get your body armor today at Walmart or a local grocery store near you. Body Armor. Choose better. Love the new bottles. They look great. I love, love, love strawberry banana. So delicious. So go right now. New bold look. Same great taste. Get your body armor today at Walmart or a local grocery store near you. Body Armor. Choose better.


Hank Hot Seat. Cool Tarot. My Hot Seat is James Harden. Mm. Why? Obviously it was, it was talked a little bit about, but I feel like it was kind of a weekend so it got a little bit kind of passed over how bad he was in in that game. Seven. I think we Called him the Biggest choke. No, I know, but I'm just saying. We said that was his general, it was his Monise Public. It was like that, it was that one day. But it's kind of like people kind of Yeah. Was there was games Monday and then people have call. It was a Saturday game then there was a Sunday game seven. Yeah, no, you're right. Yeah. So I but it, it's happened so frequently that it's hard to, it's hard to muster up that same energy every single time he does. It's like being like, oh, can you believe Harrison Ford got into another plane crash? Yeah. By the way, I, every week I totally thought that was him. The, the golf course one. Me too. I was, that was my first thought.


It's Gotta be Harrison Ford. That's the H man. Yeah, I agree. And I'm, I'm a James Harden fan. I'm also a lefty. So I've always, you are like, I've always, I've, I've never rooted against him except for those, those Philly years. But it's like, as a lefty, I've always enjoyed watching him play. And I kind of like his attitude of just like not giving a fucking and clubbing and, and flying to Vegas on off days. You kind of, you kind of are the James Harden of this show. But then they, any Big moment they put up Hank's not there. That's Not true. But are You just like, you, you have a soft spot for any left-handed guy. Yeah. You identify Who, you know who else was left-handed? Who? Hitler. Who? The other H man. Who, what? Stalin. Wait, Hank what other lefties. Because I, I do find myself, my, my oldest is a lefty and so I point out, like when we go to the Cubs game, I'm like, Hey Kyle.


Tucker's really good. He's a lefty. Like are there lefties that I should get him onto In the NBA? I mean, Luke Cornett was always, always a classic. Yeah. Luke Kenard. I mean Luke Kenard campaign. Campaign campaign. Recall James Harden. It's more, I feel like it's more Bailey Shireman. Yeah. I mean there's no, the quarterback's Tua. Yeah. There's not a lot. Tough. It's tough. Yohann Santana, you're Also a fake lefty. I'm a no lefty. Lefty Baseball. Lefty basketball. You Righty. Golf. One of those lefties where you, you never really know what Hank's gonna do with his left hand and what he is gonna do with his Right. Right. You ambidextrous.


You could be righty. But I'm lefty, I'm ambidextrous. You swing golf that, I mean, you swing golf and that's the most important thing in your life. And you play that right-handed. Right. So, so golfers, I'm not, I look at right-handed golfers, but again, that's, I think that's natural that you, you know, enjoy people that do things in the same way you do Regardless. Rep. Not when golfing. No. Like golf. I wa I like right-handed golfers. Like I I I But James Harden, when he gets on a golf course, you're out on him If he's a lefty. Yeah, yeah. Anyway, they put up a stat during the broadcast that again, it's like kind of, everyone kind of knew how bad it was. But this stat really emphasized how truly horrible he is.


Career playoff games under four field goals made. And it was Kevin Durant. He's got two Steph Curry, he has three, LeBron has five. James Harden has 35 Holy shit. Career playoff games with under four field goals made. That's Insane. I and his, his career's on, you know, he is, he's getting older. It's, it's, that's bad. I do kinda, that's his legacy. I respect It though. I do. Everyone's gotta everything. And I respect the fact that James Harden doesn't, he just doesn't feel like working. Yeah. But yeah, it's bad. That was, that was eye openingly bad, tough, tougher. The hardened stands. Yeah. Yeah. Did you have the stat of like how many games with under 20 points he has in the Playoffs?


No, I think we, I think we talked about this on, on Monday, but yeah, LeBron James has zero and I think Hardin has like 12. I'll say this for James Harden at least, obviously this year aside, 'cause it was first round a lot of his Oh, Barcelona just scored. Fuck yes. Bar Barka. Fuck. Wow. At least a lot of his playoff chokes have happened in the second or third round. That's true. So he's, he's won a series. Yeah. Wow. This Bara team is different. This game has been incredible. Well that's talking soccer. Yeah. This has been, that was talking Soccer in all time. Big time. It's been a lot of Stuff. That's One of the best soccer games I've ever watched. Bara, did you say Bara?


Or Bara? I think You say Bara. But if you say Barcelona then it sounds like Barona, you're a man of culture. I can't wait. I bookmarked this one idiot. 'cause I said, what's the play in this, in this game? And, and everyone picked Barcelona. Barcelona. And they went down 2.0 and I was like, why is Barcelona so bad? Everyone told me they'd win. And someone was like, you're, you're followers aren't smart enough about soccer to give you a winner. So I'm gonna quote tweet that fucker small victories. Yeah, It's Good. So got some game left. Yeah, Yeah, you're right, you're right, you're right. They Got this though. They got this bar. It's Barcel Nia. Oh, that's one of the guys I picked to score. Let's go, let's go.


And then yeah, my Ktone, you're like this one Big Cat. Caleb Williams. Oh yeah. So Jane Daniels, I mean Drake May is married Jane Daniels. No girls, No girls allowed. Like, can't even, no girls allowed. Not even allowed in the same building. If a girl is There, he's like, yep. He's like a, a six year old's clubhouse. We're after One six Year old's. Treehouse. We're after one ring only baby. That's Super Bowl. Right. Did you see the video of Jaden with his mom in the car? No. So he was out and He like, she's sitting there, she was driving it. He Was getting outta the car and there was a girl that was talking to Jaden on the sidewalk and his mom was in the car and his mom just kept saying, excuse me. Excuse me. I love her. She's the best. It's a little creepy. She's The best. Okay.


Meanwhile Caleb Williams was in Miami and he got out of a car at a restaurant with three different like supermodels. Hell yeah. That's that's that's a QB one you want. Yeah. That's QB one actually. That's Aura. Is it? Yeah. Yeah. Not a helicopter mom. 24-year-old. No girls. That's pretty Damn cool to get out a car with three chicks. Like Not, I Never in my life, That would be the most, most stressful evening ever. Imagine going on a date with three women at once. That'd Be tough. It'd be sick. Yeah. But that, that just means he's got something. Hey, They're good looking too. Yeah. All due respect. Yeah. Okay. So yeah. Cool. Throwing Caleb Williams. Good job, Hank. Great job Hank.


Nice job. Hank. Great job Hank. Thank you. Thank you. My Hot Seat is horse racing. Horse racing's on the Hot Seat because Sovereignty just announced that he was not gonna be competing in the Preakness. So we're one and done Sucks. We're still gonna have Randy Moss on because we love talking to Randy Moss. But this sucks. I guess Sovereignty might race in the Belmont. They haven't made an announcement about that yet, I don't think. But I don't know. I don't know why he would. 'cause it just seems like, Well it's money. Yeah, Money. But it's a lot of money. But also you already won the Kentucky Derby. That horse is gonna be set for life. It sucks. Retired Tomorrow. I mean there's, there's thoughts that he might be, have an injury, obviously a quick turnaround. But that's the whole point of this.


Winning the triple crown is not easy. What did it say? We received a, a call today from Trainer Bill Mott that sovereignty will not be competing in the Preakness. Bill informed us they would point towards the Belmont stakes. We extend our, so he didn't even cite an injury. It sucks. This is I think the third time it's happened in the last 13 years. So it's obviously a trend. Yeah. This is, this is horse racing has a lot, lot of issues right now. And this is definitely one of 'em that these, we talked about it, remember a couple years ago Flight Line, one of the best horses I've ever seen in my life. And he raced I think five races and then, and then was studded. Like I wanted to see him race more. So it sucks. Yeah. Eventually the horses aren't even gonna ever race. Yeah. They're just gonna like get a radar gun out and they'll be like a 2-year-old horse and they're like, this is the fastest 2-year-old we've ever seen.


He is never actually gonna compete. But you can buy his offspring. Yeah, That does suck. Yeah. So it's tough. That's, We'll still get Randy Moss on though. It's like Shado skipping the East west Shrine Bowl. We wanna see more of these horses. So you're saying sovereignty, you are now a Cleveland Brown. I'm saying I'm gonna prank call sovereignty. Got it. Somebody out there get me sovereignty's number. I would love, I we should harass this horse. I'm down because this horse, it's been a while, frankly. Do we still got it Frank? Frankly, do we still get this horse off of Twitter? This is what's problem with this generation of horses. The the generation. What generation are we in now? Generation Alpha. I think it's beta. Beta. This is a beta horse. This is what happens. It's a, it's a horse that's been coddled its entire life torn that told that it's special.


It accomplishes one thing, which in the grand scheme of thing, guess what? It's beta. A Horse wins the Kentucky Derby every year. Yeah. Not special man. Sorry. He was born as an alpha, so he's just beta started in 2025. Okay. So my kids just missed it. They, they're all alphas. He's Late Alpha. This horse is a late alpha. He's, he's one of the latest alphas. And I think that it's, it's disgusting what this generation is doing. There's no accountability. There's no thrift for greatness. There's no, there's no dedication to your craft. There's no hard work. These horses are just taking the easy way out. And I don't like it. I don't like it one bit. So fuck this horse sovereignty. You're on my list. Yeah. I didn't even know I had a list until right now, but Sovereignty is the first name on my list.


Agreed bitch. And then my cool. He's Fat too. He I heard that looking Like Luke. He's eating too much hay. I heard he's on that nyquist shit that he's, he's put on a couple pounds. Sovereignty's A puss. Let's just not, let's stop beating around at this horse is a fucking pussy. Yeah. And if it's not sovereignty making the decision, if it's like a, a helicopter trainer that's, that's binding everything for 'em. Like let let your children make their own mistakes. Oh My God. Scored enter just scored And then all the shirts are coming off. Oh no. How many more shirts is this? Nuts. Talking soccer. This game is bananas. B-A-N-A-N-A. Can we get some bar or something? This feels like it's a pope thing.


Like this. This is for Pope Francis. Oh My God. Yeah. If it's a trainer thing, shoot the trainer like a horse. Yeah. Not actually. Or At least just like put a tarp up and then have him disappear and then we can all think that he's dead. But I, I think that this is, it's it's bullshit. Yeah. What are we teaching? I'm, I'm worried about the youngsters out there that are watching this horse that have like my, my All aspiring horses out there. My 4-year-old son Chris came in the other day. He is like, dad, I wanna be like sovereignty when I grow up. And I told him, well if you work hard and you know you eat your vegetables and you stay in school, get good grades, maybe one day you can. Yeah. And then now his, his idol is gonna teach him that you accomplish one thing and then you never do anything again for the rest of your life. Because My 4-year-old daughter came in and said, I wanna be sovereignty when I grow up.


And I said, Hey idiot. You're older sovereignty. Yeah. So that's a good point. Chris is also older than Well sovereignty Chris is stupid As shit. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Your cool throne. My cool throne is accountability accountability's also on the Cool Throne because the Ravens have moved on from Justin Tucker. So was this because of the thing, The draft? Yeah. Oh, it's because of the draft. Was this a football decision? This Was a, a pure football decision. The Ravens announced yesterday that they were moving on from Justin Tucker, who is I think still the best. Is he the best kicker of all time? I remember he was like going back and forth. He was switching back and forth. That's not a joke about Justin Tucker and massage. But you could make that joke.


He I'll find it. You you keep going. I'll find it. Yeah. So This is what general manager Eric DeCosta had to say. Sometimes football decisions are incredibly difficult. This is one of those instances, considering our current roster, we have made the tough decision to release Justin Tucker. Justin created many significant and unforgettable memories in Raven's history. His reliability focused drive resilience and extraordinary talent made him one of the league's best kickers for over a decade. We're grateful for Justin's many contributions while playing for the Ravens. We sincerely wish him and his family the very best in the next, next chapter of their lives. So yes. This was a a football decision. Yeah. This he is, he is technically field goal percentage. He is? Yeah. Why, why are the ravens pretending?


I mean, I guess you can just do this. They can do whatever they want. Yeah. But it's also very weird because it's not a football Decision. It's also interesting that for maybe the first time ever somebody is forcing a release on Justin Tucker And we don't know what, we still don't know what happened. Right. Like we don't have Has he been charged? Has anything happened? I Think they've investigated it and there's a, a bunch of accusers. We should say that they're all accusations. Yeah. So we don't, we don't really know, but there's certainly a lot of them. Do You think there's, I I would imagine there is a like magic eight ball at every NFL headquarters and they, they hit it. They, you know, they shake it up. Oh. And they say, oh my God.


Oh, all right. We gotta stop watching this game. I was talking tennis. Yeah. Real quick. That was Hank is, Hank is some groans. They they shake it up and then it just gives you an answer of like, how, how should we release Justin Tucker? He's been accused m many times of sexual misconduct and it just floats up. It says football decision. Yeah. It was a football decision made for on the field reasons. It's the same thing as with Deshaun. It's like either, either he's a victim of one of the most coordinated, vicious smear jobs of all time. Correct. Or he's a world class scumbag and there's really no in between. Correct. And I, it's, it feels unlikely that this would be a coordinated hit job from so many people. Yeah. Alright. My Hot Seat, I have two.


The first is Nebraska. Nebraska football because Michigan has put a self-imposed two game penalty on their head coach Sharan Moore. It is the scandal that keeps on getting guys fired or suspended or self-imposed suspensions. And usually you'd say, oh yeah, okay, that makes sense. Sharan Moore out for the first two games. No he is not. So they play Oklahoma week two. Yeah. So you can't do that. Michigan has suspended Sharan Moore for week three and four. Central Michigan and Nebraska. Mm. That's such a slap in their Face. Yeah. 'cause you can't jump it. Who do they play week one? I don't know.


My guess is probably cupcake. Yeah, probably. Right. So Yeah, you can't split 'em up. It can't be like, it can't be like Grover Cleveland or Trump presidencies where you just like go back and forth. Yeah. So New Mexico. Yeah. New Mexico. So you can't go New Mexico. Then he gets to coach Oklahoma, then Central and then he is out for Central Michigan and Gavin back to back. So Nebraska, I mean, I would like to see an argument from Nebraska about this. Yeah. It's like, if you have to choose either Oklahoma or Nebraska, you're choosing, you're choosing Nebraska. Yeah. It's tough. It's very tough. I, Sheron Moore did go to Oklahoma, so they were like, oh well he wants to play his, I I think it's more that they're doing Central Michigan and Nebraska. 'cause they, yeah, it's a pairing.


Yeah. Oklahoma and New Mexico or Central Michigan, Nebraska that they're literally saying Nebraska's not as good as Oklahoma. Which I think is is probably fair. Yeah. Did you see that Michigan's president is leaving for Florida? Yeah. This all, all this is just weird coincidence. Is that For for two weeks as well or is that like a full-time? No, I think That's full-time. Okay. So full-time president of Everyone has scrambled, but they did nothing wrong. So do you think that there's any chance that maybe the president of Michigan is leaving because some shit's about to hit the fan? Maybe. Maybe. Or he just couldn't stomach missing the Nebraska game. That's true. Yeah. He, he, he's so vehemently against this decision. Yeah. That he had to resign. Yeah.


Our, my other Hot Seat is Grant theft auto because I, they released another preview. I didn't realize that. It's 2026 now. I also, this is my hand up. I'm not in gaming shape. I don't, I don't really game anymore. I miss it. I had no idea. They didn't release a new main title Grand Theft Auto since 2013. I had no Idea. I didn't know that. That's Crazy. I thought it was every couple years there's a new Grand Theft Auto. What the fuck are they doing? Figure it out. They're creating the greatest game of all time. But you can't have a gap of 13 years between the game. I mean, people are Excited, But I'm more so, I'm not saying that this game won't rock 'cause it probably will.


And I'm excited they finally are doing it. Although they did push it from this summer to next summer. I'm saying, how the hell did we have 13 years in between? Yeah. It's disgusting. I mean, we had a long time between GTA one and GTA two. You remember that Memes, GTA one was a, a completely different game. That's, That's the meme though. It's like we got this before GTA six and or GTA six is also becoming MB Now. Yeah. Two Chase, six and mbi. Everything's Mbbi X happens and everything's a meme. Yeah. So memes, what, what's, are you excited, how old were you when the first one, when the last one came out? 2013. I was a senior in high school. Okay, so you remember that one? Yeah. I mean, I, I still play it. I, I feel like No, we P ft E didn't have a big gap.


It went 97, 99 0 1, 0 2, 0 4, 0 8, 13 26. You know what it was? It was gt the, the difference between GTA two and GTA three was just night and day. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. GT three, one and two were so hard. That's when It became GTA Wasta Three. Yeah. That's where it really started. One and two like, and Vice City was so You couldn't get out the, you couldn't get away from the cops. Yeah. Yeah. They should do one where it's just University of Georgia Grand Theft Auto. This is crazy that it took this long. I'm upset but People still play GTA, that's the thing. Yeah. But I'm upset. I might have to play this new Yeah. I'm definitely gonna play sick. I, it, it's interesting, like how do you keep updating a game where you can literally do whatever you want?


Well, I believe I'm not super locked into the GTA, maybe memes can fill in, but I believe GTA five has a, a way where you can like build your own world and like create your own servers where It's like a Minecraft Shit can kind of Yeah. Can kind of be like a, you can build your own world within GTA, which is why it's still active. And I'm pretty sure you could gamble in it too. Yeah. You go like the online casino, you go to the casino in the game and you're gambling in real life with their money. Catch me at the casino. That sounds safe. I'll be there. And then my cool throne is, I pissed out one of the two kidney stones, so I'm feeling Better. Let's go. Yeah. So we, we talked to Jerry O'Connell about the BET gal and I was in a bad mood 'cause I didn't have any winners early on. But I also wasn't torture at the BET gala 'cause my stomach felt like it was gonna explode.


And being in a social setting with kidney stones is not exactly fun. So you, you did not save this one, correct? I didn't. So I got, we got back at two in the morning. I took a piss. I knew it was coming. I was, I had the split Piss. Yeah. Yeah. Also shout out chefy for announcing Good job. That's why you're our insider. I had the split piss on the plane and I was like, it's coming. Got home two in the morning after a long ass day. Pissed, incredible pain. See it floating around. And then I had this moment of, should I fish this out of a toilet with piss in it or should I just go to sleep after a 20 hour day?


And I chose sleep after a 20 hour day. I think that's fair. Yeah. You, you guys tell me if what I did was, was wrong in any way, shape, or form because I've had some bad pushback on this. When I pissed mine out, I was like, I gotta get it out. I gotta, I gotta save it and then I gotta take it to the urologist so he can tell me what's wrong with it. I Did that for my last one. Yeah. So I, I didn't have the strainer. I went into my toilet with a slotted spoon. Yeah. And I, I, no, I fished it out. No. And then I washed the spoon. Yeah. And put it back in the spoon drawer. No hot water soap washed it. Very good. Some people told me that that was disgusting. No, they're like, I'm gonna be serving guests over at my house with my piss Spoon. If, if that's disgusting. Well then tell me like, put these two together.


You can't use a piss spoon, but you can piss in the sink where the spoon ends Up. Yeah. Good point. Hypocrites Must, doesn't make any sense. Yeah, You should. I it piece sterile. Yeah, you're fine. So I'm glad that you pissed it out. Yeah, It felt good. It felt like I just, my stomach hurt so bad all day. I pushed it too hard. I shouldn't have played golf, but I did have fun with the boys. But we're both on the clock now again. Yeah. You No, you are. We have Oh, I have another one. But that might've been the big one. I don't know. Yeah, That's what they told. Like I've got multiple, so it's like any given moment. Yeah. But I, I do feel better. So that's good. And what are you looking at us like that memes you got, there's more. Oh yeah. You guys just constantly have a buddy. I had, I had a two millimeter and a, or no, three millimeter and a four millimeter.


I think that was, I hope that was the four Millimeter. My body's like a quarry. I'm just, I'm just pissing out stones. I got, I got a whole stash inside me right now. I like to think my body is more like a, a really nice like eng English countryside. One of those big driveways going up to the mansion and it's lined with pebbles. Yeah. Cobblestone. Yeah. Not cobblestone. I'm saying like the actual pebbles. Okay, Gotcha. You know what I mean? Yeah. You see those at like super, super rich like Hamptons houses have 'em. The driveway is pebbles. That's my, that's my kidney. You think one day if we just kept them inside our bodies, it would turn into diamonds. We should try. I think it might. We Should try. Okay. Good. Hot Seat. Cool throne everyone.


Yeah. Barcelona and inter are in extra time. Is this sudden Death? Nope. This Is not Okay. Do you mean the game like if Someone forced? No, it's not golden gold. Okay. No, no, no. So we'll just keep updating when we do FAQs and that was talking soccer again.


All right. Before we get to our interview with Kirk Goldsberry, you see it right in front of us. We've got the new Mountain Dew cans and guess what? Bottles as well. And guess what it is? Summertime. I love summer. I love the heat. I love golf. I love barbecue. I love baseball. I love just being in backyard. I got my, I got a new grill set up. PFT. I love that. I'm gonna grill tonight. You know what I'm gonna do with a Mountain Dew? Mountain Dew. Nothing goes better. Yeah, I might. I got a pizza oven. I'm gonna try to figure out how to work outside. I feel like Pizza Dew is a winning combination too. I love That. So nothing goes better with pizza oven outside. Grilling outside and hanging with your friends in the refresh. Refreshing citrusy kick of Mountain Dew. We love Mountain Dew. We love these new cans. It's nostalgia in a can. They brought back the old logo so go check it out right now. Grab a dew in the new packaging and enjoy the refreshing, refreshing citrus kick of Mountain Dew. Already had one today. Gonna have another one because I love Mountain Dew and it tastes delicious. So thank you to Mountain Dew and again, go grab a dew in the new packaging and enjoy the refreshing citrus. Kick a Mountain Dew. Okay, here he is, Kirk Goldsberry.


Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. Our good friend. He has changed jobs though since we last had him on. He's now with the Ringer NBA analyst at The Ringer. He's also a New York Times bestselling author. He also has some new cool stuff at his store, which we'll talk about later. It is Kirk Goldsberry here to talk playoffs. Kirk always great having you on. I have a first question and I don't know if I, I just wanna hear it from your brain 'cause you're a lot smarter about basketball than us. Nicole Jokic is the best basketball player in the world. We've run out of things to like explain it. Can you explain it in your smart guy language of how and why he is the best basketball player in the world And no disrespect to SGA who will win the MVP this year.


Most likely. Nicole Jokic is the best basketball player in the world. He's the most skilled player in the world. He does everything at a very high level except one thing which we'll we'll get to later, which is why Michael Malone got mad at me. PFT, you know the story. But one thing that I came across this year doing the best shooters of the year column at the Ringer was that Nicole Jokic was the most efficient jump shooter in the league. Big Cat. And that's not even his calling card. This dude is one of the best rebounders, one of the best passers, one of the best close range scorers has the best floater in the league, but he is also an incredible jump shooter. And that's not even a strength. So long story short, he's just the most skilled big man we've ever seen.


His stats are insane across the board. And if you look at the box score from the game one victory against OKC, it looks like a Wilt Chamberlain 48 and 22. What are we doing? Yeah. Like this is insane. Yeah, it is. It it really is. And it does feel there's every now and then, you know, Steph was probably you, you could put 'em in this category even LeBron where it's like you see, you feel like you're watching something that you haven't seen before in basketball. And I feel like yo, there have been big men who have been skilled in certain ways. They're obviously, you know, the dominance of Shaq or Kareem, but like the total package of Jokic does feel like something we have never seen before. Yeah. At least our, our age. And there's some old heads who saw Wilt score like 60 or average 50 and 50 or whatever.


But we're not those dudes. Like I was thinking about Shaq this morning 'cause he is, he's the most dominant center of my life, right? Like this dude single handedly won the 2001 NBA playoffs. Like he just, and it destroyed everybody in his path. Yolk is just putting up way better stats than that guy, again, with one exception, which is interior defense. And the, the, the way to beat the nuggets is to attack him in the paint. Something the thunder haven't been able to do yet, but they're the worst paint protection team left in the playoffs. I wrote an article about it a few years ago and former nuggets coach Michael Malone took exception with my analysis. But that's exactly the one weakness this guy has. It's his Achilles heel if you will.


The dude can't protect the basket like some of the other great centers of all time. Yeah, It was a great story 'cause you wrote that article and then I think that was right when the nuggets caught on fire and won the championship. Right? Like you, you deserve some credit for, for spurring on that team. So about the nuggets, they moved on from Malone and I feel like Jokic is also part coaching the team too. So he might not play great interior defense, but he's a great offensive player and he's also what seems to be a, a very good head coach too at the same time. What's different about the nuggets now as opposed to when Michael Malone, we call it the Post Malone phase. Post Malone. Shout out Posty the face tattoos I would say, but no, I think the biggest thing PFT is the leadership of Jokic in those huddles.


We've seen him being very animated, like you're saying almost drawing up plays, but the players seemed to be getting along. The morale seems really good. There's just a cohesiveness. It simply wasn't there. One of the reasons they moved on from Michael Malone and Calvin Booth is the vibes were toxic in that organization near the end. We don't have enough numbers to really say, oh they're doing this, that, or something else different at this point. It's been such a short amount of time and the playoffs started. But dude, they're just getting along well and I think that image I have of Jokic at the sideline, like yelling at his teammates like a, like a fiery Greg Popovich moment as a coach. That's new. Yeah, that's what I've noticed.


That's different. Yeah. And, and so we so obviously don't wanna react to one game, but it was a shocking game. The nuggets thunder, it was an incredible game. I know that the foul up three, we, we, we discussed it. I, I think you probably agree follow up three is fine. You don't foul up 3 75 feet from the basket with the best player off the court. Like that just felt like the thunder completely screwed that up. But I had, I, I listed three things that I'd be concerned about for the thunder. And I want you to maybe tell me if I'm way off or if you maybe have a fix. The thunder could go with the first was rebounding. They have, this has been their problem all year. They're not super big down low, especially with Che 'cause he's a little, you know, a stretch five.


The second is, I don't know who their second score is gonna be. And you kind of need that second scorer to, to step up in big moments. And the third is the, the fan who sits courtside gotta put the fucking T-shirt on. I love that dude. Their second scorer is a great point. Big Cat. It can't be Oscar Caruso like it was in game one, right. They need either Chet or JW to show up and again, attack the teeth of this nugget's defense. Make them protect the rim. They don't want to do it. They're not good at it. So I think that's the key I'm watching for They should be worried. I mean this is a team that swept a weakened first round opponent last year in New Orleans and then played Dallas in the second round as the number one seed.


Dallas was I think the five seed and they lost four to two. It's a really similar trajectory here with another sort of Balkan dude like leading the opponent and showing them how to win games late like Luca did last year. They need, and I think it starts with SGA, the other thing I'd say, which is sort of a first take take is like SG a's gotta start playing like the MVP right now. 'cause right now Jokic run one round one of the head-to-head MVP battle, which is also great. Like no shade. It, it takes about superstars. That was awesome. But SGA has to win a couple of his head-to-head battles, dude. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So what about with the, the T wolves?


Anthony Edwards, it seems like he's, he's improved every single year. He's gotten better at passing too, which is good to see. I I think he probably has some room to improve there still. But with the Timberwolves, are we, has Rudy Gobert been unlocked offensively? Yes, I think so. Thanks. In part to the Los Angeles Lakers bold strategy of not employing a center like in, in the NBA, it was, it was, it was worth a shot not having a center on your basketball team. But Rudy Gobert really exposed the, the weakness of that. Yeah. And what's interesting to me is if there's one other team that's really small left in this playoffs, it's the Golden State Warriors who start a very small front court, obviously.


And Rudy, I don't know if you guys know this, Rudy has a little bit of a history with Rayon Green. Yes. And so I'm very much looking forward to these toils in the front court in this series. But size matters guys, you know this better than anybody. Size matters. And I really think that's what this series is gonna come down to. Not only in the front court where the, the, the, the, the Timber Bowls have Rudy Gobert, but also dude, all the looks they can throw at Stephan Curry with Ant and Jade McDaniels and Alexander Walker. They're just bigger and longer and more athletic. So I I I think they have a good shot of advancing in this series. Alright. But, but, but question about that because the Rockets beat the fuck out of Steph Curry. Like I think that was one of the hardest series he had to play in terms of the physicality.


And Ahman Thompson was, you know, obviously he gets hurt at the end of game seven, which clearly bothered him and the closeouts weren't the same. Right. Do I feel like this is ma similar to Jokic going from the Clippers to the, the Thunder where it's like now he can do whatever he wants down low Ach, isn't there? I feel like Steph Curry will have a little bit easier time than he did against the Rockets because that was, they, they, they did a very good job of, of making sure that Steph didn't beat them every single night. I Agree with that. I mean Houston is an insane defense just built for war. And Eme Ado is the toughest coach, most defensive minded coach in the, in the NBA right now that said, dude, Anthony Edwards isn't afraid of, he's a great defender, he is more athletic and youth is a big thing in this, at this stage of the season.


And Steph is beat up. Like look at the shape of it. The best shooting hand we've ever seen is deformed. Right now these guys are beat up and that's such an underrated part of this. We're asking this older team to go in and play this younger team after that war in Houston. And I just see a real opportunity for, for Minnesota to keep that momentum going using a similar formula of just pounding them inside, getting rebounds. Whether it's Go Bear or Nas Reed, Jade McDaniels. Like these guys are big and I think they can give the warrior problems. And the other thing I'd say Big Cat, lastly Houston couldn't score right. This Minnesota, this Minto, Minnesota team is, is gonna is gonna score on that end of the court too.


That's a good point. Yeah. Houston was a tough watch. They're, they're, they're building something, but it was, it, it was a tough watch sometimes watching them play offense. Yeah. They need one more guy, but they, they have a great season and I think like Golden State also deserves credit guys. That's a very good defense when they've been at their best in the postseason for 10 years now. Draymond has been the middle linebacker, one of the best defenses in the postseason and and they deserve credit for making Houston look bad a lot of the time too. I wanna flashback real quick, we gotta do just a, a brief Luca and the Lakers postmortem. So in your statistical opinion, you're a math expert.


Is Luca too fat? Mm dude. He he is honestly like he Is. Yeah, It's the truth. He's gotten bigger. He's not like fat by our standards, but in terms of NBA basketball, he is too fat. And I heard you guys calling out my good friend Zach Lowe also at The Ringer the other day. 'cause he had like a really great observation. Big Cat, I think it was you. He is, he is laboring all the time. Yeah. He's constantly laboring. He looks like he's played one too many games of pickup on a Sunday afternoon and he's still out there trying to make it work and it's just, he's slow on defense. He's slow to the basketball and then yeah, he looks like he's overweight. I'm sorry, it's not, it's not a nice thing to say about another person, but when you look at some of the other superstars in this league and how they take care of their bodies and how, how they work out and how they present themselves physically, like Lucas sticks out.


Yeah. And it took Jokic and you make fun of that Jokic piece. Jokic really had a body transformation itself He did to get him over the top. Yeah. So I, I think Luca needs to do that. I think he will do that. But when you ask me the question, he got torched on defense, dude, he, Jade McDaniels Anthony Edwards were just driving on him like he was the slow guy at the pickup game. Yeah. Like he and and they just torched it, It it, you know what's funny is like, I was thinking about it because, you know, he Luca gets killed for his defense and his body and there's other superstars that maybe aren't the best defensively. And you could put Jokic and Steph in that category where they both try very hard, but they're not elite defenders.


Jokic and Steph, if you look at their bodies, they work, they transform their bodies. Right. And I know people are like, Jokic still looks, he's totally different than he was Yeah. Five years ago. Steph, remember how much like Steph has put on so much muscle and and and just gotten so much stronger through the course of his career. Luca has to Do that. Steph is arguably the most conditioned player in the league. Yeah. Period. Yeah. Like if you watch him at the fourth quarter, one of the reasons he, he was so great in the Olympics or he is so great in the playoffs is he at age 37 is still like the guy with the most juice at the end of the fourth quarter. That childhood picture of Nicole Jokic is legendary for a reason. I know you guys love that, but yeah, like it's a battle for a lot of us.


Like everybody has to deal with this in some facet of their life. And, and I, I think a lot of players have had a really good nutritional awakening in the middle of their twenties. And Luca Duch has an opportunity to do just that. And like I said, I think he will, but I do also think it's fair to say it's limiting him, particularly on the defensive end of the court and at the end of games. Yeah. Yeah. And he's in the place to do it. You're in LA you got juice shops everywhere. Like it's, you're at the mecca of health food. You can, you can shed a few pounds, gotta have your shirt off a lot. And then if JJ keeps playing like, you know, the, the same guys for the second halfs of every game, he's gonna eventually get into shape. Right. Like he's Luca was probably like, this is, this is not the five guys rotation I thought I was signing up for.


Oh, Jj yeah. That was not the right kind of five guys. Lucas, when JJ said they were going five guys, he got confused and he got excited. So Is is he, is he like, is he worse on defense than he was last year? Because the Mavericks, I mean yes I do. Nobody forgets that the Mavericks made to the finals. But it's, you know, we talk about Luke in a much different way now than we did last year. Well, the other thing, and, and when Nico Harrison was still alive, he had assembled like this great defense last season with PJ Washington, with Daniel Gafford. Like they were really good and there was some deodorant on the floor with Luca defensively and the Lakers had Austin Reeves and aging LeBron Rui Hemura. They just, they didn't have guys to clean up the mess behind Luca when somebody would beat 'em on a drive.


Dallas did a great job of building around a slower, weaker defender. And, and, and to be fair to the Lakers, PFT, they haven't had time to do that organizationally. I've had a few people say, Hey, that Mark Williams trade that they canceled at the deadline, they probably should have forced that through so they could have had that bigger guy. Regardless, they have to build a different team now with this, this Luca Duch situation. Yeah. Yeah. All right, well that's enough piling on Luca, but I, I think we get the point. It's better than Luca piling on us. That that is true. It's suffocating Us. Dang. That would hurt Bro. Yeah. So looking to the east, Hank is not in the room right now, but I'll ask like he was, how panicked should the Celtics be?


Dude, I wish I was at the bed gala last night. What? A what? A what a what a moment. That must have it was a movie guys. We, we didn't release the movie, but it was a movie. I mean, they should be panicked if they, if they just can't it hit any more three point shots. But I don't think that that's gonna carry over. But maybe you tell me, is there something that, that happened with the Knicks that like this is something that we could see the Knicks pushing back a little bit on making it a series. I mean Yeah, they had more fight and then the thing that drove me crazy. So the Celtics, the stat from that game, PFT is what the Celtics broke the record for. Most missed threes in a playoff game. They missed 45 threes in a game. That's almost one a minute. Like that's ridiculous. And at some point, let's say when you miss 34 threes and it's the middle of the third or the end of the third quarter, you are like, maybe we should do something else.


Well they didn't, they didn't do anything else. And one of the things that Jalen Brunson has done a lot this year is when in that Detroit series, they needed a points to stop a Detroit run. Like he would flop, he would go into the teeth of the defense and make a play, draw a whistle. The Celtics didn't do anything like that during that Knicks run. They seemed really content to sit behind the three point line. I think the last play of overtime where ML bridges like rip the ball away from Jalen Brown was like a poetic ending to that game. Like they refused to attack the basketball hoop. Jason Tatum and Jalen Brown are too good to be that passive when the threes aren't going in. I don't expect that to continue. But when the Celtics team isn't making their threes, they do have a tendency to sort of just say, oh, that's all we have.


Now the other thing is Pingus wasn't out there. He's a big weapon. They could have posted up. They didn't have that. So I don't expect this to continue, but the Knicks are not gonna go away. And if you give them a chance and you let them stay in the game, they're also a much better clutch team than the Celtics in my opinion right now. Yeah. Do you blame yourself a little bit for that Celtics loss? It's like they were playing Goldsberry ball. Yeah, I mean it is. I've I've played both sides of that line. I think Joe Missoula loves math. I know he loves the town. I know he loves Pardon My Take. I wish he loved two point scoring a little bit more when they have a, a nice slump going like 15 of 60. That's, that's your game. You're not gonna win if you miss 45 threes.


Quick break from Kirk Goldsberg to talk to you about, look at these, the new Mountain Dew cans. PFT, It's vintage. I like the sun design on here. Mm. This be a sick tattoo. I see this, I see this logo and I just feel refreshed. I see this logo, I get Thirsty. Hank, what's your favorite thing to do in the summer? Favorite thing to do in the summer is go to the beach. No. And golf. And golf and drink Mountain Dew. Nothing goes better with golfing with your boys and hanging with your friends in the refreshing citrusy kick of Mountain Dew. We love Mountain Dew. We love one of our favorite sponsors. When they came on we were like, yes, we love Mountain Dew. And then they threw back throwbacks to the nostalgia of our youth with these cans. They're so awesome. You know What, this would hit real good driving around at the El Camino in the same time. Yeah. Mountain Dew. We nose down Dew in hand. Yeah, they really did crush it. Like with the, when you, when you walk down a grocery store aisle, it's like, that's what I want. I want this, I want the citrusy delicious kick of Mountain Dew. Nothing goes better with golfing, with hanging with your friends. Then the refreshing citrusy kick of Mountain Dew. So grab a dew in the new packaging and enjoy the refreshing citrus kick of Mountain Dew today. We love Mountain Dew. Thank you to Mountain Dew. We appreciate you Mountain Dew. Alright, back to Kirk Goldsberry.


Yeah. You, you also mentioned Pop and Pop's been in the news. He's taking a front office role. El hee is what he's calling himself. El Hee. I like that name. It's a great name. And he had, I like the press conference too. We just turned around his rock the shirt that says El Hee and man who's all excited to be the, the special assistant to Al Hefe. So you worked with Pop for a while? Yeah. I don't know what your guys' relationship was, but we talked a little bit about pop on on Monday as part of my take. You got any good pop stories? Yeah, I got, I got two, I'll do a basketball one first that involves Jayden James Harden the 2017 playoffs. We were playing the second round against the Rockets. They, they, they were incredible like peaked Anoni rockets with Harden.


And one thing I had really sort of done in the scouting report was dive into their three point shooting fouls. And I told Pop in this memo is like, they've drawn 108, three point shooting fouls this season, harden and Lou Williams at the time or something. And I said, you know, they're scoring 11 points a game in the first round against the thunder on these three point shooting fouls. You know, you get the guy in the air, you jump into 'em or you you do the rip through. And I was like, we can't give them those. That was my one analytics. Like let's not let that happen. And right before game one of that series, he, he pulls me over and he had like a ggl a glint in his eye and he is like, Kirk, that's that's way too many, that's way too many three-point shooting fouls.


And he kind of winked at me and it's like, okay. And I had no idea what the game plan was and then we come out and that's when we were playing pick and roll defense and our guys had our hands in the air. Do you remember this? Yeah, yeah. We were playing defense with our hands up because Pop had said, Hey, we're not going to get caught. And that whole series, early in game one Patty Mills got caught with a three point shooting foul that he shouldn't have been called for. And that was the only three point shooting foul the Rockets got that whole season or that whole series we won in six games. That's the game six where hardened famously didn't show up in Houston. We didn't have Kauai. But that was a really great moment of watching how Pop looked at a stat and then devised the defense that nobody had really seen.


Right. Like nobody before or since like watching guys like play defense like this. It was a remarkable thing. And I love that. I loved seeing how he was able to implement that and win a series with that. Yeah, Very cool. And that's also like a credit to him. I would assume that working with him, he was op like the best coaches are open to ideas and they're open to, you know, someone on the staff being like, Hey, just look at this. And they don't say, ah, well I know basketball better than anyone here because he could do that. He could say he knows basketball better than anyone, but instead being like, oh yeah, actually this is a, this is something that we have to, you know, game plan for and be smart about. Yeah. I have another quick one.


So Pop is also more than basketball and in one of our New York Road trips he took us, he, he came into the team bus was like, who wants to go to a play tomorrow? And nobody raised their hand and I raised my hand. I was like, I'll go to a play. And so we go to this play, just me and him and it's, it's Kate Blanchet and, and PFT will know this, it's Anton Checkoffs the present to checkoff the Russian playwright. And in the first act like I don't know anything about checkoff right. Except for one thing. And the, the place called the present in the, in, in, in the middle of the first act, the Kate Blanche character opens a present that's a pistol. And I'm like, wait a second, I've, I've listened to enough prestige TV podcasts to know and I was like, pop, we had intermission.


I was like, dude, I think this is Chekhov's Gun. I think this is where this came from. Yeah. I think we're gonna, I don't wanna spoil anything for you Pop, but I think we're gonna see this gun again in the third act. And and sure enough it happened and he had never heard of Chekhov's Gun, so I remember. But that's a great example. Pop love rush and he loves plays. He always, he's just a culture guy and he always wants people in basketball, which is very rare in the NBA very few NBA teams do stuff like that. And he was always really intentional about taking us out to museums or having great speakers come in or, or having, taking us to, to theater or having musicians come through and, and that was just a really cool thing for him to do.


He didn't have to do any of that. Yeah. It's very cool. I my, my NBA equivalent of Chekhov's gun is when Draymond hits two consecutive threes to start a game and he's feeling himself. Yeah. Or Russ. Even Russ. Yeah. Yeah. Wi with Dre it's more like if he hits two threes right off the start, he's gonna get attacked at some point in that game. Yeah. Because he's feeling himself West Westbrook's Gun. Yeah. Westbrook hits two and you're gonna, you're gonna see six more. Yeah, yeah. Also, I, we, we were just saying it, Russell Westbrook has been awesome for the nuggets. These, these post, oh this postseason. Like they don't, some of these games they do not win without him. And I know that we joke about him 'cause he is funny to watch and he does have moments where he just becomes like, Hey, I got this.


Yeah. But he's been playing great team basketball and even we were, we were breaking down that, that past Aaron Gordon. Like there's a world where Russell Westbrook says, we're down one, it's two on I, I'm one on two, I'm gonna go to the Rack and be Russell Westbrook. And he made the smart basketball decision. Dude, I don't know if memes, if memes had, have you guys seen the, the clip of the, the studio crew from Denver watching that last play as it happened live? No. Oh, you got a clip this and show this. You know, Christian Brown gets that rebound. He's racing up the right side and and he, he makes the right play finds Westbrook right at the mid-court line. Right. And the, the Denver announcer are these guys watching the from the desk in the studio show are like, no, no, no, no.


What soon As Westbrook Gets the ball and they're watching it in real time and then to your point, Big Cat Westbrook doesn't do what we've seen him do a hundred times. He makes the beautiful pass and this guy is one of the great passers of his generation, finds Aaron Gordon on the exact opposite side of the court. The defense is turned around, gives Aaron enough time to knock down one of the biggest shots of the Nuggets postseason, maybe not even the biggest one, but just a remarkable play. But I thought it captured that exact transformation of Westbrook when he plays within the guardrails guys. He is a phenomenal bench player, but there there is a rollercoaster you sign up for when you have him on your team.


Yes. It's, it's very fun to, to watch him from afar. We should do a Mount Rushmore, by the way this summer of the Mount Rushmore of guys that you love to watch but hate having on your team. The Yeah. It's or or just the No, no, no. Yes guys. Yeah. Or just Whenever something happens you're just like, no, no, no. Oh yes. That's awesome. One thing that we're really good at Kirk is after the first game of a series, we just say that what happened in that first game is gonna keep happening. So like, you know, we've been talking about how great the nuggets are and they do deserve a lot of credit for fighting back. But can we just pretend, let's just pretend that Aaron Gordon's three didn't go in and the Thunder won in that. Or if they Just played defense and didn't foul. Yeah, Either way. Either way. So regardless of how they ended up winning by like, let's say two points, what would we be saying about the thunder?


And would we be saying like the nuggets are gonna have to make some adjustments if they wanna stop 'em? You Know, I would've still been a red flag with that game. The, the rebounding differential Detroit coming in on fumes after a seven game series still coming in there. These young team just waiting around the fact that in your, in your hypothetical PFT, they've still been a very close game. I think I would've been surprised by that They wouldn't have covered the spread. They would've that they had a shot to win. So I think it would've still looked bad. And again, they did not take it to the paint. Right. Shaa, Shaa needs to attack more. This dude was put on earth to drive the basketball and not settle for pull-ups.


And, and I think he needs to be more aggressive and really attack the weakness of this Denver team. So I'm I'm with you. It's a make or miss league. That shot could have gone either way and narratives would've changed. But Denver played pretty well last night. Especially when you consider they were playing less than 48 hours before in a game Seven. Yeah. In a different state. Yeah. I had, So I had as a scheduled loss for the Nuggets and I was way wrong 'cause I was just, I mean they, and and that also is like the, the Thunder as a young team, I was, I was actually weirdly more shocked by the Celtics not being able to put away the Knicks because like a young team, this will happen where it's like, hey, you're up 10 all game. Like the kill shot has to come.


Yeah. Because you, you just can't let teams hang around. Especially like the nuggets. And when the kill shot doesn't come you that's, this is what you, you roll the dice of like we can have a couple things go wrong in the last minute and it's here we are down oh one. Yeah. And these are champions. The Denver Nuggets are champions and like playing that fouling up three game. And I know you guys already talked about it, but one thing I haven't heard is like, you gotta make your free throws then. Yeah. You gotta trust your young guys in these big moments. If you're gonna play that game Chet Holmgren, you better, you better have a lot of faith in Chet Holmgren to make those two, at least one of two. And he missed both of them. Yeah. So you know, I think the coach, I keep zeroing in on the coach. He doesn't have enough playoff experience diagonal.


I think he has some regrets about how he played out the end of that chess game last night. And they need to be better up and down the roster, but also on that coaching staff. Alright. Other series we gotta talk about. I know we're, so we're taping this Tuesday afternoon around three o'clock. So we don't know what happens. Game two Cavs Pacers though I've been a big fan of the Pacers these playoffs. 'cause I just think they're very fun to watch. They have five guys. They've, I mean they have more than five guys but they have everyone scores. They, I feel like they get open shots. Halliburton drives creates so many, so much space for everyone. Is there a chance the Pacers can win this series against Cavs? And what is the fix that the Cavs have to do?


'cause it felt like the Pacers sped 'em up even more in game one and that made the Cavs pretty uncomfortable. Yep. I thought when people thought this was gonna be an easy series for the Cavs, they were outta their mind. Indiana a the semifinals last year, they, you know, conference finals and they're better this year. And Tyrese Halliburton is better. And, and I think Big Cat Cleveland is the team that is banged up right now. Darius Garland is hurt. Evan Mobley is hurt. Deandre Hunter dislocated his thumb. Like this is not a good time. And I have a nominee for the 2025 ies. Oh if you guys will accept Yes. A external nomination.


The three days after the playoffs started, the athletic released their annual player poll. And in this player poll 90 anonymous NBA players were asked who was the most overrated player in the NBA right now. And they said Tyree Halliburton. And that take is aging very poorly, very poorly. They are five in one in the Playoffs. He isolated Giannis Kupo multiple times in the deciding moments of that series and took him to the rack. He leads the playoffs in assists at 12, just two turnovers his passes when they find shooters, suddenly everybody turns into Clay Thompson.


'cause he's creating incredible looks for guys like Andrew Mhar Ne Ne Smith, aka Miles Turner. He's just the best. He's like a Steve Nash level orchestrator right now. And like Steve Nash, the defense isn't great hand up, but this dude isn't the most overrated player in the NBA. That is a terrible take. And in fact, that might go so far as to say he might be the most underrated player Yeah. In these NBA playoffs. I I think he's just, I think he's a little goofy. And that's what, and like people, it's, it's a weird thing, but like guys that smile too much, guys that maybe talk a little shit, but in a goofy way. People just don't like that.


And you know, his, his shooting numbers aren't like, like out of this world, but he, what he does, passing the basketball is insane. And it's just, he's fun to watch. He, he can go by, I feel like he can go by anyone. He's 25 and he's three wins away from bringing his team is clearly the best player on the team to the conference finals two years in a row. Yeah. That's, that's not normal. Like when Jason Tatum was doing that, we're like, oh my god, this guy's incredible. And he is, he was. But if they win this series, and like I said, I think it's about a coin toss right now in part because of the injuries in Cleveland, in part because of those injuries. And if they win this, look Tyree Halliburton deserves some flowers.


He deserves some of those media cycles where we're like, he's 20 like the Luca Dge stuff. Like when Luca was like, oh, Tyrese is, is having this offense play very well. Yeah. And, and I think Cleveland should be a little bit worried if any of the teams that lost game one should be pretty worried. I think it's Cleveland. Yeah. And if they win the series, they should let his dad back banning him for the entire postseason. That's, that's too much like a two game band. I get it. Maybe all the home games this round. I get that. But are you telling me if you get to the NBA finals, you're not gonna let his dad back in the arena? Could they like put him in a straight jacket or something? Yeah. Like time to a chair. Yeah. And then also I, the one knock I'll have against Tyrese Halliburton is that he didn't have his dad's back enough. Yeah, I know that you had to say like, yeah, okay dad, you shouldn't do that, blah blah blah blah blah.


But I, I would've liked to see the guy stand up for his dad a little bit. My pops was wrong. He said that. Yeah. You know, in all serious, since I think he handled that, that as well as positive, that's a pretty awkward situation. Very awkward. Yeah. Like also his dad was wildly inappropriate. Agreed. Like your son just won. It reminded me when Angel Reese did this, and I don't wanna get political PFT when Angel Reese won the national title and her first instinct is to talk trash to ca like Yeah, go hug your teammates dude. Right, Right. You're making the story about something else like you, your Dad. Yeah. Your son just walked, Stole, stole the story of the first round their win by, by going on the court and being crazy. Oh, I agree entirely. I think it, it was like way, way outta line.


It would just would've been cool to see Tyrese be like, yeah, that's my dad though. You know, I can't say anything bad about my dad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I see that you're you're a real patriarchy guy. I see that. I am, I'm George Bush invaded Iraq because of his dad. That's true. He loved Halliburton. That's facts that look, that's facts. Look it up. That's all facts. So you Next up on, pardon my Freud, I think you're, I think you're what? You have a perfect record in terms of picking NBA champions on this show, right? Yeah. I don't like to do victory laps like schrager, you know, I think he's, he's Done this, But yeah, I, I picked the, the NBA finals correctly for as long as I can remember PFT on your show.


O Okay. So who do you have right now? I'm sticking with the Boston Celtics, Bing bong hanky. I still support the Celtics and you know, I'm sticking with the, with the thunder and I'm a little bit nervous today. Yeah, yeah. It was a safe pick all year. And you know what, I'm happy to be nervous. PFT I'm happy to be nervous 'cause it was like I didn't want both of these teams to just plow through the bracket and end up there. And now there's some, there's some adversity for both of these teams for game two. But dude, these teams both deserve credit. Boston is just the most dominant team when they're healthy and they're healthy right now Drew's back and then OKC, I mean they won 68 games.


What can you say? Like it's a juggernaut best defense we've seen in a while. Alright, So Love the hat by the way, Kirk. Looks, looks great. Hank just chimed in. He said he loves that. Oh, Bing. Bong baby. Alright, so off of that I got, I got one last question.


The Rollback question actually we gotta talk about your at, at your Atlas balls too. Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs Polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts. You should go right now and buy perfect for Father's Day or Mother's Day, the golden hexagon.com.


You made an Atlas basketball, which is pretty damn sick. So what, what is on this? It's the, it's a spherical map of the world and this is the, the first edition I sent one to, to PFT for his birthday. It's, oh, thanks For sending it for mine too. Our, our birthdays are pretty far Apart. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Birthday. But this is the first edition and the breaking news that I'm happy to announce. This is the Atlas Ball. The, the Kyrie Ball is coming now. So I have made one as a tribute to Kyrie Irving at Globe Basketball. Yeah. For a sort of a get well soon sentiment to one of the great point guards. But you know, Kyrie's a big fan of spherical geography and so am I And what better way to celebrate that as a basketball lover than a decoration for your office?


Big Cat that is actually a basketball and a globe at the same time. You can have the whole wide world in your hands. I love it. It is really cool. I've got it in my, in my office at home. It's also a good Father's Day present. Yeah. If you're looking to get something for dad, I feel like that's a, that's a good Or a birthday present. Yeah. Or birthday present if you were looking to get it for someone's birthday Or a Mother's Day present. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. You brought up Wilt earlier today. Do you think that will actually scored a hundred points in a game? Wait 10,000 or 100, which record is most untouchable? The the a hundred? I'd say the a hundred points. Yeah. Yeah. I, I do, I do. I think there would've been a lot of truthers coming out of the woodwork if he hadn't guys who were playing in the game, for instance, his opponents, like I was talking to Chris Bosch and Matt Bonner a few weeks ago about when Kobe scored 81.


That's like a great story for them to tell 'cause they were on the raptors and you know, it's kind of a cool story. It's humiliating at the time, but I think those guys would've been like, yo, this was all, this wasn't true. I don't think there was a bunch of fake news on that one. Yeah, I I feel like that's one of those stories that it's, it's fun to pretend that it's not true, but it's probably, it's probably like very true. Yeah. Yeah. I'd agree. Yeah. Yeah, It's Did Kobe score 81 though? P ft? What? What do you think about that? I don't know. It was in, it was in standard definition. Yeah. So it could have been, could've been the clone. I think Somebody else HD still was it? Yeah. Cl what year year was thousand 11 Clone 12. My TV was standard. Alright, so my last question, so Celtics Thunder is your finals.


Tell me what would have to happen for all the other teams? Like you could just, could be one line could be as easy as like, hey Jokic is just Jokic, but what would have to happen if we're sitting here two months from now And we, we've just crowned one of the other six teams that are not the Thunder or Celtics as champions. Yeah, I think the, the, it would have to start in the west with, with what you brought up earlier. Somebody not stepping up for the thunder like J Dub or Chet like, and Chet looked like he shrank in the moment. I'm not gonna hold it against one game, but that would, that did not look good with those free throws in that moment. So if they continue to get like sort of big misses from their supporting cast, like I could totally see the West, which is so brutal and so unforgiving.


You can't have a lot of flaws on your roster and win the Western conference in this league. So I think, you know, OKCs supporting cast needs to fail them and, and I'll leave that on the table. I don't think that will happen. But then in the east we saw it a little bit there too. Like the Celtics need to break down with the three point shot. They need to not have the diversity in offense and find solutions. Ultimately, I think Boston has a much easier path to the finals than OKC. If I to pick one of these teams to not get there, it would be OKC at this point. And Who would you, who would be next up in the West if it wasn't OKC and Tim Rolls are right. I know all of those teams look good.


Yeah, I I think Denver and Minnesota who have history are both looking good and obviously Golden State who's won the Western conference, I think six of the last 10 times. Like there's just some big, big players on that side of the bracket. But I just for the sake of the take, I'm gonna take Jokic. I mean, dude, yeah, he had one of the best seasons we've ever seen. He was incredible down the stretch last night in a game that'll always be remembered for Aaron Gordon's incredible shot. Jokic scored 18 points in the fourth quarter and was the best player on both ends of the court getting every rebound. And if he keeps that up, dude, you could see that this league is seen big men run through the playoffs for decades. So I could see a path where he sort of throws back to the future and it's just a dominant big man dragging his team through the playoffs.


Would love that. Yeah, that would be very fun. Who Do you think a Big Cat, I know you're a big hoops guy, you haven't had any ear takes where, where, where's your bet at right now? I do agree that the, the Celtics are going to be in the finals from the east because I just think they're better. I listen, I I've been talking up the Pacers, they're dangerous. But yeah, I, I think the sells will be there and then, ah, man, I keep going back to, alright, tell me this, is it crazy? It feels like I, I I really like the Timberwolves is my, is my short answer. Yeah. My concern is it does feel like whenever the Warriors and Rudy Gobert go up against each other, Steph Curry's found a way to play him off the court in a way where it's like you get a lot of switches and you can't guard Stephan space.


Is that a, a real concern for the Timberwolves? Like what, or is it because the warrior don't have as many guys now, it's not as much of a concern that can, the Timberwolves can counteract that a little bit? Yeah, I think that's a great, great question. I think Chris Finch has found ways to keep Rudy in games and, and get away with drop coverage and in places that some of the other teams haven't that, that Rudy's been on. But yeah, I think it's also fair to say, like you said, the, this is not the 2022 Warriors or the 2017 Warriors. This is not Kevin Durant Clay Thompson. Right. And Steph Curry in their primes, like, pesky buddy healed Gary Peyton. This is not exactly the 27 Yankees of jump shooting, right.


Like we saw from this other previous Warriors era. So I, I have the Timberwolves winning this series simply because like the offensive depth is, isn't, isn't a good enough to outscore the Timberwolves, but I also don't think they'll be able to play Go bear off the court like that. Yeah. Okay. All right. So yeah, I guess my pick would then be the Timberwolves. Yeah. And an it would be really cool, like we, last time I was on here, we were talking about how American superstars are washed And we need to put tariffs on international basketball players. And I think Anthony Edwards could make America great again. He could as a, as a basketball player. Yes, he could. He absolutely could. Alright, Kirk, you're the best man.


We appreciate you as always. And everyone go buy a Father's Day gift or Mother's Day gift at the golden hexagon com Podcasters Gift. Yeah, it is a, it is a very cool globe. Hank Barcelona Rd. It still says Gulf of Mexico, so the updated version will, we'll have to change that, but I appreciate you guys. Thanks for having me on.


Kirk Goldsberg is brought to you by McDonald's are delicious, great friends at McDonald's. McDonald's, and they're all new mc crispy strips. Mc crispy strips are here. It's the chicken that's made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with the golden brown peppery breading its chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. That's the creamy chili mc crispy. It is an elite sauce. And these are great strips. We brought 'em in for an ad the other day, had to take a bite of it. Took my bite, finished the add, then memes was like, Hey, I can, I can go ahead and take these Mc Krissy strips away from you now. I said, no memes, I wanna finish them. They're delicious. And that sauce also pairs well with just about anything else on the menu. And you can dip the Mc Krissy strips in any of the McDonald's other sauces. And it's all good. And new Mc Krissy strips with a creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken made for dipping and it's only at McDonald's.


Kirk Goldsberg was also brought to you by Neutrophil. To be honest, going to the barber can be a hassle. I love talking to the guy, but it's another errand to run after a long week. But the upside is I still have enough hair to need to cut. If you wanna keep the hair you have and see thicker, fuller hair neutrophil men has you covered Tibs, maybe get tib on some neutrophil. Start going back to the barber. You may have heard of neutrophils, hair growth supplements and wondered do they actually work? It's a fair question. Many hair supplements over promise and under deliver, but neutrophil is different. It's the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand. It's trusted by over one and a half million people, and it's clinically tested to deliver real results in just three to six months. Neutrophil men is clinically proven to improve hair growth and hair quality. Plus men also reported no impact to sexual performance. Start your hair growth journey with neutrophil for a limited time Neutrophil is offering our listeners $10 off your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to neutrophil.com. And enter promo code. Pardon? That's in ut T-R-A-F-O l.com. Neutrophil and enter promo code. Pardon?


Okay, Let's finish up the show. Jerry. He just called me. Hey, You were calling me. What? Everything okay. Yeah. Hank's ear popped. You're kidding me. So it wasn't your yelling, Yelling. What a, you know, I gotta tell you, I felt such, I felt bad actually. Yeah. Yeah. He's, Hank was playing the victim. I, I, I hung up the phone and I I I, I'm, I'm sorry to use rude words, but I was like, what fucking pussy? Like I never screamed in his, in his ear. And then I was like, oh God, maybe I did like hurt his ear. Maybe he's got delicate ears it fucking popped. I knew it.


Yeah. What a chicken shit. Yeah. Yeah, he's sitting right here. I, I'm sorry, Hank, like for you to blame me because you don't, you use a fucking ear cone or put a Qtip in there once every Now and again. Max. Max. Alright. That was it. Jerry, I just wanna let you know you're, you're off the hook. Jerry, I I had a question for you. I know that Max wouldn't apologize to you for, for flipping out about the White House thing. Do you think that Hank owes you an apology? Does Hank owe owe you apology? No. Nobody owes me an apology. I, I love how Max from Hawaii is trying to jump in on this thing and it's like, dude, no. Stop. We'll yeah, go on your vacation. Yeah. Get out of get out of our business. Yeah, exactly. Last Night on X he was like tech, he was like, hi, like hitting me with notifications and I was like, dude, you gotta jump into the fire.


Like, get outta here dude. Yeah. You're Hawaii. Go to a, go to a luau or something, Man. Yeah. Alright Jerry, thanks for all you do. Oh, one more thing. Little scary fucking hitting. Send on those tweets to the old boss. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But hey, a little scared. You hit it, you hit it with the thanks you all for all that You do. Really, really kind of. You can't get mad about that. A little scary. Yeah. Really. I don't know. What's Mr. Bing bong brings something out. Me. I don't even know. I just, just walking with a confidence. I was just in the supermarket and just walked through there with like confidence, you know, Mr. Bing bong. Yeah. Yeah.


I love it. All right. He's great. Alright Jerry, we'll talk to you later. I'm glad you're here. He's back, bro. That's awesome. Thanks. You did yell in my ear, but that's all right. All right. All right. See you Jerry. Bye. See ya. Bye. Alright. FAQs. So you wanna apologize to him? No. Fuck No. You know what the Admit he yelled in my ear. I would consider it, but if he's gonna lie, I'm not gonna apologize. He called You a pussy Lowkey kind of credit to Hank for, for admitting that his hearing's back. Yeah. And that it was, it was just the, the plane that set it up because Hank probably, Oh my, my God. They scored. Just Scored. They just scored. Now they're gonna park the bus. But yeah, credit to Hank because he could've, he could've just played this along and said, yeah, my hearing's still gone.


And then that way he doesn't have to listen to anything that we tell him. But instead he raised his hand and said, Hey, you know what, I'm okay now. So thank you for that. Hank, Hank is in a bad spot Right now. How do you not win this game when you're up? When did it, when did it underscore their last goal? Two minutes left overtime or whatever the fuck. Extra time At a time. All right. You just fucking live and die with a team all year for them to do this. I know. I'm sorry. Soft. I'm sorry. Tortured fan base Barcelona prayers up. Hey, Big Cat, Patrick Max memes and the guy reading this. Hey, can you start over with a little bit more, more zest?


No. A lot of athletes have pregame routines or meals before performing on the big stage with you guys running the Best National Sports podcast. I was wondering if there are any pre podcast routines or snacks you have before airing the podcast. Today is the day memes, that lottery ball is yours. Memes did with the lottery ball kind of when Yeah. I mean the islanders, he didn't do it. The islanders did. The team he roots for Did, Did they use balls for that? It was a whole, yeah. What was the question again? Pregame Routine. Do you pregame routines or snacks? Yeah. I mean we, on Sundays I would say we probably do. Yeah. Food memes sends the food question mark text around five o'clock.


That's kind of like the, it's like the old, like it's the bell for everyone to go to the town square. Like, all right, get get get to the office Meme sent the food question mark text. The podcast is Nye. Yeah, We're we're, we're on the precipice of podcasting. I like that Big Cat slap my face like John Henderson in the locker room before a game. Yeah. Really get the blood going. Usually we just kind of figure out what kind of mood hank's in before so we can, I mean the real answer is me and Big Cat like to pick somebody to gang up on. Yeah. It's usually Hank. 'cause he's sitting right here. Yeah. We just get riffing on somebody. Yeah, just really lay into 'em. Just kind. It's almost like we we're doing the tennis, you know, volleying back and forth, warming up.


We're just doing that on someone's face. Yeah, right on his face. Sorry Hank. I know this is a big bet. Are there? It's more just bar, you know, Barcelona. Yeah. Barcelona. How could you, Barcelona, Are there any questions you really wanted to ask a certain guest that you haven't gotten the chance to ask yet? Oh, that's a good question. Now they're Just flopping. Like any recurring guests that we've had on that we didn't ask the big question to. Hmm. Hmm. What? Memes? You got one? No, you guys have to have some regret. No, I know. I'm just trying to think it on the fly. Like A specific guest that we've had that we've really been like, oh fuck, we blew it by not asking this person.


Probably should have asked Carl Malone what happened with all that stuff. Yeah, that's fair. That's fair. That one probably That was a basketball decision. I'm Trying to think. I'm trying to think though. Is there one where I've walked away, been like, damn, I wish I'd asked that. Like, damn, we fucking missed that question. I don't know, man. Can you guys think of one Hank Memes? Memes probably would be able to think of one before us, but usually he's probably like, man, they, they fucking blew it. Dance around almost. I mean there's obviously someone has something that, you know, like a crime they committed when they were a kid or something. Like we're not gonna bring it up and embarrass them. You know what I mean? Like there's not shit like that. Oh yeah. Like if, like there was some kid that was outside and they got into a fight with 'em and then there's a whole hate crime section of the Wikipedia.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Somebody like that. Wait, who is that Again? It's not you. Oh wait. Oh, it's not you. It's Not you. It's not you. It's not you. Wait, wait a second. Who is that? Yeah. Okay, so there's someti. Hey listen, we're not journalists. I'll, I'll be the first to admit. There are definitely times we've done interviews where people are like, how did you not ask that? How did you not ask that dude, we're trying to, we're trying to fucking just have a good time. Sorry. If you want journalism, go listen to the daily Hand up. We didn't ask Fauci about the Wuhan lab. Yeah, we should have. We should have snuffed that one out. Yep. That's, that's on us. Bad instincts. Big mistake. Big mistake. All Hank.


It's dead. They're gonna park the bus. I dunno what that means. It means they're gonna put every player in front of the goal and there's no chance they're gonna score. Why didn't we do that? Well because we weren't winning. We Were winning. Yeah, good point. Yeah, we're winning. Last one. Oh no. Can we find out a little more about how Max, me and Shane and Pug got involved with the podcast and how Big Cat and pf t's first interactions with them were? Hmm Hmm. Okay, so with Max, max came on after Bubba Post Bubba. He Worked in the office for what, a year or two? Yeah, he was Couple years I worked, I mean he, I was technically his boss.


He worked on stool streams and other stuff with me. I did know that Max was the two things I knew about Max before he, 'cause like I don't think we really interacted much. Was that Philly and he had a rivalry with Hank? Yeah. Like swear to God. I knew that Hank and him like didn't, they had a playful thing with each other. I Like, I was technically his boss, but obviously this was, I think it was like even the confetti when the Sixers confetti thing happened. And like I would go up to his desk and basically do what we do on the show and he would still, after, you know, some prodding would just eventually stand up, start screaming at me and like storm Away. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. I would do a show once a week with him with the hard factor guys. And the only thing I really picked up about Max was he really likes to touch his testicles a lot when he is nervous.


And I was like, what's up with this? Why is he always grabbing at his balls? 'cause it was like every week. And I'm, I'm glad to see that he hasn't stopped with that. I I also love the fact that he is not here to defend himself. But you would probably admit to that. Yeah, he absolutely admit to that. Memes tweeted us so many times that we had to hire him 'cause we were like, this guy might kill us. No, no. Mees did a great check. The PMT memes account was great. Yeah. I just remember DMing him asking him where he lived and then just praying. I think, I don't even know if it's legal to ask. I was like, how old are you? Yeah. And I Was like, if he's older Oh wow. If he's older. That's a weird dm. It's a problem. Yeah. No memes. Is that, is that where you led with? No, I was like, where do you live? He is like Long Island. And then I was like, how old are you? I think, do you want an internship? Yeah. Memes is a good test case of like, a lot of people obviously would love to work at Barstool and, and be involved in this.


And we will be like, oh, I wanna work here. Like, here's my resume. Or Oh, I wanna work here. Watch me tweet. Like a few things, like every couple weeks memes was just committed to the game. You could see his work ethic from day one. Shane and Pug. I think a stork dropped him off. I don't, I don't fucking remember. Yeah. Shane's ai. Shane just, Shane just was here one day. Love him. You see? See my pope Bob head, Pope bobble head. See my pope Bob, head Shane, he's fucking sick. Wait. Oh, it's a great bobblehead. It's a great Bob. Yeah. I don't, I I don't remember like they're Just like traditional. Yeah, they were traditional hires. So it was just like one day they were here and it was like, oh cool.


Nice. And that was, that was it. Do you remember every, Your first interaction with everybody? Mm. With Shane? I think I, No, I think I heard a rumor that he had never had McDonald's before and so I asked him about that. I was like, what was it like having your, your first McDonald's must have blown your mind like your first tomato. I think you're just sitting in the studio. And I introduced myself too. Yeah. I don't, I don't remember. Do you remember? I I do. It was you, you guys were recording the Thanksgiving episode of advisors? I think. Ah, and Hank brought me in just like show me around and I introduced myself. Okay. Yeah. What about you Pug? Yeah, I was just like normal hire and I was, I think I walked into the studio nervous as fuck.


Introduced myself And that was it. Yeah. Now we're, yeah, now we're cool. Yeah. And then Jack, I'm still waiting to meet Jack 'cause he's like, he's like over a thousand on introductions to me. So we're just, we're waiting for our first formal introduction. You're still waiting to meet me? Yeah. You, I mean, you've, you, you just whiffed every time. So we're, we're gonna try, try to do that. Yeah. We can plan for it in the future. I like you Jack, Jack wiper wipe. It was just that one time when Jack said What, what did you say to me? It was very, it was uncomfortable. It was just like, how's your morning going at like 11:00 AM I think it was at like nine 30. No, it was a little later than that. And it also was weird to be like, just how's your morning going?


I was like, what did you just do dude? It was very like corporate America. Nice guy. Yeah. Nice guy. Or a nice guy. What Jack, real quick. Sean Moore self-imposed two game penalty suspension and then also your president left. Is this, is this weird to you? It's a little weird. Okay. Do you have a president right now? No, we don't. We might have an interim, but, Okay. Yeah, it seems like everyone's kind of running away. Jesus Christ. Would that be fair to say? Yeah. What are they running away from? Beats Me. Okay. Okay. You you, you didn't see anything. Yeah, exactly.


Alright. That's, that's our Michigan man, Jack. Alright. Good Show boys. No, max isn't back till till Monday. Sunday. What has he been doing in Hawaii? Tweeting at us. He misses us so much. He More than we miss. He does. He feel, he feels like he's, he's got big time. Fomo. Big time. Big time. Okay. Numbers three. That was a long pause. Memes, he, I didn't even go for it there. 13. 13. What was the last number you guessed? Memes. 44. 44 13 Is what the islanders got. So open. We go two for, Okay. 99 book.


Fuck. What's wrong Hank? 58 Bara Bar. We Had it. We did bar 13. 13. 13. Fuck. 21. Jack, did you say something? Did you say your number 58? Hank, are you gonna say number or you said five? You said five. Oh man, He's so Down. Hank. Come on man. 13, it'll be okay. 13. 13.


1307. Love you guys. One day.