
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music. On today's part of my take, we are back, sort of, we're not all together yet. We'll be all together on Wednesday's show, but we are back to talk about the weekend. And we also have our big NBA preview with our favorite guest in the whole Wide world. Ryan Sil, oh, excuse me, I got something in my throat that was a chip. I've been eating a lot of chips. Ryan Racc on the show. NBA preview. Can't miss it. Also, talk about all kinds of things. I, I think we talked maybe 20% basketball, 80% everything else.


So it's great interview. And we are going to talk about this weekend, four Nations, the NBA All-Star Weekend. Everything else that's going on. A little hot seat. Cool throne.


It is brought to you by our friends at DraftKings who's scoring big in the NBA this season. You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner. The NBA DraftKings is the home of NBA player Props. So you can get behind your favorite players. Any which way for monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking an NBA player prop. Here's something special for first timers, new DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack, which DraftKings Sportsbook every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. And eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook gap and use code. Take. That's code take for new customers. Get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, February 17th. And guess what? We're the best fucking country in the world in hockey. Again. USA We're so back. Us A until Canada. Until Canada. Well, we got the Stanley Cup. We do have To be on Thursday. We we have, we right now as of the second we're the, we're still and still the best hockey country in the world. We got the cup. They're not getting it back. That was an ask kicking that The NHL got it right. Hats off to the NHL Oh, I mean the NHL this, this entire sports weekend. So the first weekend without football. And I did see our good friend Chris Long, making fun of everyone who posted like, I miss football. Guess what, dude, I do miss football.


Sunday was weird today. It was weird waking up and not being able, like, you know, I wanted to get in on the football action. It's just so, it's weird to have our bodies change, but Yeah, listen, you, you guys can miss football. Real ones misses football because we're married to the game. Yeah, Exactly. The the the story though for the first weekend without football was, and listen, he's our good friend Adam Silver now. 'cause we did have a great interview with him on, Pardon My Take on Wednesday. But the NHL absolutely bodied the NBA in terms of getting it right and what they did, what they've done with the Four Nations Tournament instead of the All-Star game versus everything that's been going on for the NBA All-Star game.


It's not even close. That was such a cool, I mean, it's still going on. We have a game Monday night. There's the finals on Thursday, but it's, it's the NHL knocked this out of the park and it was, the guys cared a lot and it was so much fun to watch USA Canada on Saturday night. It, it was the complete opposite of the All-Star game right. From the first whistle. I think. Were there three fights in the first 10 seconds of the game? Nine Seconds. That's awesome. First nine seconds. There's, there's nothing like a little pure unadulterated nationalism to really get people going. Yeah. And the NBA like scratched the surface a little bit with that by doing the, the different teams with the guys from from t and t. But it's not the same. It's not the same. Like having just USA against Canada.


It gets the blood going, it just doesn't Oh yeah. I don't think fan, The NBA didn't even come close to scratching that being like, oh, who cares about Chuck v Shaq that dad doesn't do it at all. They should, they should try to do the countries. One of the teams was like European international guys. Well It was the Rising Stars. So it was like the young guys. No, but there was, there were four teams. Right, Right. I think there was Team Chuck, team Shaq team, yeah, Kenny and then the Rising Stars. One of the, one of the teams was, I wanna say it was team, team Mitch. I don't either. Chuck, Chuck or Shaq had the international guys. They were like, Oh, they just, he just drafted them 'cause they did a draft.


So he just did that on purpose. Yeah. Got it. And we also had LeBron James decide he is not playing in the Allstar game two hours before the All-Star game. Which, look, I don't, I mean, I'm not gonna, people people made this this huge debate, like, I can't believe he did this. It's more just like, dude, just say you're gonna do this five days ago. You know what I mean? Like, don't do it two hours before the All-Star game. And people do wanna see you play and, and it's probably, you're, you're at the end of your career. It's just kind of a lame move. He's probably injured, but still just give everyone a little more of a heads up. He was sitting out with foot and ankle discomfort. I don't know about you, but we have, we have a producer on this show that broke their foot and didn't miss a single episode. Yeah, that's a Fact.


LeBron James has to bow out at the last second for the Allstar game. But yeah, the moral of the story is that the, the NBA cued, the NFL during Super Bowl week and the NHL cued, the NBA during Allstar week. NHL is king. Yeah. NHL is king. They crushed it. They absolutely crushed it. They should never go back to anything else. It should always be four Nations every single year. I know Olympics coming up next year, but that's, this is, this is the best. What about Russia? What about Russia? Trying to make a motion. What about Russia? Russia got banned because of they got banned because of the whole war in Ukraine. Next question. No, I know. Just Do you think that that Russia should have been led One, the best hockey players are Russian if we're doing a talent showcase, like Oh no, they, that argument was made because it was like Germany was, I think in the top 10 in the, in the rankings.


Yeah. Germany was in the top 10 in the rankings, Russia. And they, they, Germany didn't, I think have enough current NHL players to feel the team, so that was why they didn't get in. But yeah, expand it and make it better. Just do the Olympics every year. It, it would be fun with only NHL players. I agree. And I somehow Freebird has become our national song again. What, back in like 1977, it was once King. Now it's king again. I don't know how that became the USA song. I think it was in the juniors, right? It was like the song that played after the goals. Yeah. But it just fucking rocks tweeting out a, a clip of Freebird every time we score. Where do you guys land on the booing of the national anthem debate?


I think it's very funny. I love it. I want sports to have more bad blood. There was a lot of hurt feelings online. And I get it. There's obviously a political element with like the US Canada relations. I just love the fact like, they don't like us, we don't like them. We're gonna boo them in the finals if we meet him in Boston. Like I don't, I have no problem with it. I like all of it. Yeah, no, it's, I'm, I'm fine with it. Don't boo vote. I like the fact that they, that there's some bad blood there. Like for a while. USA Canada, we've been buddy buddy. I think after, after the game's over, they're probably cool with each other where our nations have a long stored history together.


But to like actually drum up some hate for your opponent, I think is really good. It's awesome. Yeah. I I completely agree. Like, I just, it was fun. I, and, and, and just seeing there was it, it was a weird mix of like, it was actually very funny because it was perfect for both countries. It was, it was, I saw people being like, I can't believe they booed. This is absolute bullshit. And then there was Canadians apologizing for it being like, we shouldn't have booed. It's like, no, fuck that. Everyone like, this is fine. If you get your feelings hurt over your anthem being booed, you're an absolute pussy. Like that's it. It's, it's it's enemy territory. Yeah. Like it would obviously be a different story if it happened in America and they booed the national anthem in America, but it's enemy territory.


I have, I like this. This makes, it makes, it makes you feel like you're in Rocky four. That's what I want all sports events to feel Like. Yeah. I I like that there was some booing and then there was people that booed the Booers. Yeah. So you had no idea who was booing who by the end of it, but just boo I'm a big fan of booze in general. I, I, I said I, I hope this starts a major boo off. And I hope that on Thursday, if USA plays Canada, it's the loudest booze you've ever heard. I don't want to even hear a second of O Canada. I just want to hear booze. Yeah. That would make me so happy. Boo Canada. Yeah. Remember Rough and rowdy when I tried to do O Canada and I just started getting booed and I started laughing so hard. That was an awesome moment. National Anthems need to be easier to sing.


I I could understand booing the Star Spangled Banner just because it's, it's a, it's a tough one to get through, but I, I can't believe we didn't lead with the fact that Wimpy made a mockery of the All Stars skills competition this weekend. Yeah. That's what people are really upset about. Upset about. Yeah. Well, I'm, I'm more upset that Weby didn't had, he had literally the greatest fall guy of all time in Chris Paul as his teammate for people who didn't watch the, so on Saturday night, they do dunk contest. Shout out Mack McClung. That's pretty much his whole job in life is just to win the dunk contest. They had the three point contest. Tyler Hero White boys are having a moment.


Ber Deje, Tyler Hero, Mac McClung all in a week. And then they had the skills competition. And in the skills competition, it's like, you know, pass a basketball dribble basketball, go take three shots at the top of Key at the side, whatever. And Weby figured out that he didn't actually have to take the shots, he just had to throw the ball at the rim as fast as possible. And it made it look completely ridiculous and a complete mockery of the thing. But my biggest issue was he was teamed with Chris Paul and everyone immediately assumed Chris Paul was the mastermind behind this because Chris Paul does that type of shit. But Weby took full ownership of it. And he was like, yeah, it was my idea. Yeah. We thought that Chris Paul was Fal ba the skills competition.


Yeah. And then, and then afterwards Weby was like, nah, I went around, I asked like all the refs and they told me I could just throw 'em. And how come when Ben Simmons attempts a shot that looks like that We all feel bad for him when Wimpy does it. We kick him out of the tournament. Doesn't make sense to me. Doesn't add up. I I agree. It wa it was, it was very funny that they thought that they had a loophole and then they were just like, nah, this is Bush League shit. Get outta here. But yeah, Chris Paul, I think everybody thought it was Chris Paul's idea until after the fact. Yeah. And then Weby and then it turns out that Weby, he did go around basically asking every ref if this is okay and can he do this? And they all were like, okay. Yeah, I guess so. And then his minute they did it, they kicked him out. By the way, team Shaq is about to win, so congrats team Shaq.


They're gonna beat Chuck's team. That's huge. Big upset. Huge upset. Yeah. Where, where were you for Team Shaq? They were like, I think maybe one and a half point underdogs. So where were you for Team Shaq's? Big up upset. Okay, so I do like the play A 40 rule. I think that's a good rule. The EL ending? Yeah. Well No, they, I think they're just not 40. Yeah. It's, it's just first to 40. The court looks like shit. The court I do not like. But yeah, I I like that as well. Al also, did you see that John Morant saw Mack McClung and he was like, yeah, we gotta do this shit next year. I'm in, count Me In. And then he tried to get Zach Levine to say that he was in, and then I think Giannis also tweeted that he'd be down.


This happens every year though. Something cool happens in the slam dunk competition and then all the stars that you wanna see and are like, yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna definitely do this next year. And it's a good night because like you can, you're just making a, a future problem for yourself that you're gonna cancel anyways. But for that night, you feel like you're a hero. It's like, thank you for saving the slam dunk competition genre. Morant, I've been there. Yeah. So I want you to do it. I mean there were people complaining about, there, there were people complaining about Mack McClung being like a two-way guy. Shouldn't get to compete in the dunk contest. I gotta tell you, if you, if you're thinking that hard about the dunk contest, like, and, and you're that much of a stickler for the rules for the dunk contest, you can't take this away. Fromm McClung.


It's literally all he has. He's three times in a row. He jumped over a car. He did the Blake Griffin. He Did the Blake Griffin. I mean that's kind of justice for the kid I was hanging out with on Christmas. Who, which is wouldn't stop talking about Mac McClung deserving to be on an NBA roster. Get him, get him on our active roster because I think he's on the two-way contract right now, right? Yeah. Yeah. He is. Alright, so yeah, shout out Team Shaq. Huge. Where were you when Team Shaq won the NBA All-Star game? Everyone will probably put that down as one of the greatest all-star games out there. Beat Team Chuck, which was the, it was a semi, it's a semi foreign team. Not all foreign guys. Yeah. I mean if, if the NBA All Star game Shaq versus Chuck in the, in the final game started out the way that USA versus Canada started out where there were three just full on brawls on, on the court in the first 10 seconds.


Yeah. We would be having a discussion for six months of like, has, what does Adam Silver need to do to save the NBA and its image problem? Here's the thing with the NBA and if they wanted, they have one thing they could do to to, to replicate the foreign nations. And I think we all know what it's Yeah, but they can't do it. We should talk about it. Yeah, But they, they can't do it. But that, that would replicate the, the, the like hype for Four Nations. Listen, it would be very, very bad for the world, but it would be fun to watch. Let's just say we would, we're not gonna say it, but I would enjoy watching Alex Caruso play in the NBA All Star game.


He would, he would put forth a lot of effort. We'd have to get minutes from him. We'd have to get some minutes. Yeah. I mean, can, can you imagine? Look, no way would LeBron James back out an hour before that game. Alright, so o other things that have been going on, max, how you feeling your, your your one week anniversary for the Super Bowl? You feel good? You're about to go on vacation when we all get back. Yep. I mean, some people had to do some stuff while you guys were on vacation. That's fine. What'd you have to do? Edit d and d You just didn't plan your vacation the same week? Yeah, no, I fucked up on my dates on the vacation. That's fine. Sometimes, sometimes you get, you get bad scheduling and it happens.


I didn't even go to the parade, which, Oh no. Okay. Damn. Oh yeah. Tell us about the parade. What, what was the highlight? I mean, I saw Howie Roseman got, got hit in the head in the forehead with a beer that was kind of badass. He probably got some football guys street cred in the locker room. Yeah, no, there was a lot of beers being thrown. No one went on the floats. They all just decided to get absolutely wasted and just walk the entire parade. Which was, which was cool. Yeah. Yeah. Quinn Mitchell was super fucked up. Had no idea what he was saying when getting interviewed on the side of the street. Nolan Smith Jr. I think he got, I think he got sent home early. He was so drunk. Yeah. Like, like he was just going up to every single person in the stands and every time someone said shotgun this beer, he would shotgun that beer.


So that was cool. A lot of f-bombs in the speeches that the local news just had no idea what to do when broadcasting the game or broadcasting the speeches. They would cut out like audio for the entire speech and then they would come back in and then an F-bomb would immediately come, come after it. So that was good. There wasn't any big like Jason Kel speech, but it was, it was good. It was fun. Watch. Well, I like Saquon when he went to the, he went to the side, I think he was doing a lot of walking and he saw one of the Ball boys was just on the Yeah. On the side. And he grabbed him, pulled him over the stands. It was like, yeah, you're walking with us. Yeah. That Was awesome. I saw that. That was cool. He also went to Barstool Sansom right after Right after Yes.


Parade. And was just partying right next to all of, all of my coworkers. Would you, I would've liked to have been there with And you would've been there with, and I would've been there with Correct. You Would've been there with, would you like to say anything about the hanging of Kermit the Frog classless? I, I honestly didn't even see that. The only thing I saw was there Was a debate. It's like Boo n Were having a furious debate. It's like, boom n Yeah. Well, there was like, this is racist. And I was like, I, I get, I get why you could like get there, but like, it's also just a frog. Like they're just, they're, it is Philly and they're just, they're hanging a frog. It's literally Kermit the Frog. I honestly didn't see that. The only one I saw was the, the pig roast that someone put 15 in the side of that wa that wa that was the okay disperse that I saw that people were getting angry of.


I think that's fine. Yeah. The only, the the, the funniest thing I saw, the trend I saw was it was a lot of chiefs fans essentially being like, when we win championships, we don't take shots at anyone. And Philly's just taking shots at people like the, you know, the CJ Gardner Johnson doing the Taylor Swift Swifties can licks my balls, like that kind of stuff. They're like, they're just taking shots at us And we never take shots at people when we win titles. I was like, are you having a class off on how to win a fucking title? Who cares? Yeah. They're doing an act like you've been there before. Yeah. If you win, you can do whatever you want. Also, isn't Kermit the Frog? Isn't it one of those marionettes? So it's like always kind of hanging True. Good point.


Yeah. And, and I just can't stress this enough when, if Philly wins the championship, like it's n it's an NC 17 movie. When you're, when you tune into any coverage of like, if, if, if you have any type of soft softness to you in terms of like, I don't want them making fun of my team or my players don't tune into any of the coverage because it's Philly and they're gonna do that. They're gonna roast, they're gonna roast a pig with number 15 on it and say, Swifty licks my balls. Yeah. This television show is rated Philly. Yeah, exactly. So I, I had no problem with, with Philly just being all Philly. What are you gonna say, max? The the CJ Gardner Johnson shirt was hilarious.


Oh, So good. It It was hilarious. I I Mean, you're only gonna get LIX once. Yeah. For the zoom roll. It's perfect. You have to just tip your hat. And Swifty swifty have to be able to take it the same way they give it. They fucking go after people and, and, and they, they gave all the like terrible reviews to his mom's restaurant. I, I didn't see him complaining about that. He just went back at the Swifties. This is all, this whole episode is just like fair fair's, fair boo. Tell people to lick your balls, roast pigs. Do it all. It's sports. It's fun. Agreed. I, I don't, I I have nothing else to say other than funny is funny.


And I, I respect funny. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, Yeah. Swifty licks my balls. I like that a lot. Memes. Aaron Rogers officially not a jet. It's good that you guys decided to part ways. He's officially gone, gone forever. Top three Aaron Rogers moments as a jet. Him walking out with the flag. Well, running out with the flag was, yeah, That's a good one. The most excited I've ever been to watch a football game. The first drive on that Monday night football game of this season. Yeah. Where I thought we were gonna the Super Bowl and the Devonte Adams Hail Mary. That was a good one. Okay. Okay. Yeah. What, what were your bottom three moments?


Him tearing his Achilles. That's pretty much it. Mm. Okay. That's the only bad time. Yep. Yeah. The Denver Broncos game. That was brutal. The Vikings in interception. That was brutal. That Broncos game. And you guys won that Broncos game, right? Didn't you? No, we would've if Greg Greg Zer line made the kick. Okay. And we won game if Greg, it would've changed. It would've changed everything. Yeah. Aaron Rogers probably still be a jet if Greg Zer line was made a couple kicks. One of the craziest what ifs in sports history Blew Six fourth quarter leads.


You win those games, you're in the playoffs And Then Yeah, it's true. All bets Are off And it can happen. Me, me and Max in New Orleans for the Super Bowl. What if, Oh man, what if, what if, What if you're so close. We Who do, Who do you want memes? Yeah. Who, who's the quarterback? Justin Field. Sounds like you're very confident in that one. Oh no, baby, baby. No, no, no, no. Yeah. But if, if he comes Captain does good. Yeah. Well, no Big Cat. You didn't think about that. What if he was good? That's a really good, that's a really good point. I did not consider no memes.


No, no, no. Don't do that. Don't do that to yourself Rusty. Get him Rusty. No, just a little quarterback swap. If It's car cousins, I'll kill myself. Oh, It could very well be Kirk Cousins. That's all Everybody else. Everybody else is better than Zach Wilson, so that's fine. But Kirk Cousins is just a lateral move from What about to Kirk Cousins? What, what would be worse? Kirk Cousins or Sam Darn Kirk Cousins, But Sam darn Kirk that would Kirk Kirk cousins fell off a cliff. I mean, he, He had his Achilles injury. Yeah. But he started the season off so good. And then he fell off a cliff also.


She said that Sam Donald's most likely Raiders or vices Also, he didn't really start off the season so good. He had two incredible games against the box Beat the Super Bowl champion. He had, he had that one drive. Yeah. Where it was like, okay, Kirk, go out there and we're just not gonna run anything from the playbook. Just do no huddle. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Last story I had before we do Who's back? Richie and Kognito. Yes. What a what a what a day for, for Richie. I mean, that was, so for people who missed it, there was this pretty good article about Jonathan Martin, I think we're right around the 10 year anniversary where he essentially was like, yeah, a lot of that stuff.


I, I I never really thought I got bullied. And that, by the way, that was kind of our take from, you know, we, we had, we've had Richie on the show a a couple times. I I actually texted him. I was like, this day's gotta feel really good. He is like, thanks, thanks for having my back. And he like, Richie is not for everyone. Richie also, I think was put in a spot where he was a easy target to be the face of bullying. And this story that just came out essentially explained it that Jonathan Martin's mom put the words bullying onto the whole thing. And then it just kind of took an entire left turn where it became this thing that was so much bigger than just a locker room.


And Rich Incognito became the face of like, you know, this, this anti-bullying campaign that was, was just not real for what Jonathan Martin said today. Yeah. So in this article, he was like, yeah, I, I was not bullied. Bullying was never really what it was about. I think Jonathan Martin's, he's had his fair share of issues off the field in the last 10 years. Correct. I hope he is doing well. He seems like he is at least in a space where he wants to like, clear everything up and try to move forward. There was a lot of stuff, a lot of meaning that got put onto the story that probably should have been, it should have become like a wide cultural issue. Correct. That, that NFL players and fellow offensive linemen were talking a lot of shit to each other.


And some of the stuff went like way over the line for sure. But like, it was not ganging up and and bullying one person and like driving them to the point of going insane. It was dudes shit talking each other. And it became so much bigger than just that story. Like I feel like it, this same thing has probably happened hundreds of times in the NFL. And if anything, like a player might get like a, a one game suspension for conduct detrimental to the team or they might get fined and then you never hear about it. But it became a fucking Ted Wells report Yeah. Where you had like the FBI investigating it and it just got it, it got insane. Yeah. It, and it, it, I I think my interpretation from the jump, and we've talked about it on the show before and like I said, we've had Richie on the show multiple times, is that if you ever, when you try to take the outside world and judge a locker room and how it operates and, and basically put it into corporate America or a classroom or any type of place where people gather together and there's a little bit more decorum, you're always gonna be shocked by the locker room.


The locker room is not the same as everything else in in the world because it's a violent sport. It's guys all together getting paid a lot of money, busting each other's balls. Shit that gets said in the locker room. If it gets said at your, you know, fortune 500 company Yeah. People would get fired. But that's not, you can't judge it that way. That it just never works that way. And I thought the whole thing was a lot of people trying to put their workplace into an NFL locker room and having the standards match and they just won't, they'll never be the same. Yeah. Do you walk around naked after lunch break with like the other people in sales? Yeah. You guys shower together, you guys Yeah. Like 99% of football is technically bullying.


Right. Well it's even, it's even, you know, if, if you had your text message, text messages with your like closest friends in the world just put out there, people are like, do these guys hate each other or do they like each other? I can't tell. You know, and there's relations, these relationships are deeper and, and, and have a different complexity than just a text message or a snippet that you take a capture of and you're like, oh, that's exactly how they acted all the time. They would know that We hated Hank though before shit came out. That's True. Be but yeah. It, it was. I I I I'm happy Richie got a little satisfaction for it. I I do hope John and Martin's doing well. It seems like he's doing well. Yeah. He's, he's big into Bitcoin.


He's got like a ton of degrees. Seems way smarter than I'll ever be, but it did. And, and even the, did you read the, the story PFT? Yeah, I did That part where he, I think he had a falling out with his mom over this. It seemed like they hadn't talked, you know, for a while. And, and I understand his mom was trying to protect him, but it also, he's, it's a mother trying to protect a grown man, which that gets a little weird. But the whole situation definitely went in a direction that removed itself from the reality of what a locker room is and, and what those guys were going through together. Yeah. The the narrative at the time was like Richie Incognito basically killed one of his teammates.


Yeah. By, by being such an asshole. And Yeah. And it was, it was not at all based on what the truth of the situation was. And it does suck for him that it took 10 years for this to come out. And so he is doing a victory lap as he should at this point. Which is like, yeah, I was, I was painted as like the worst person in professional sports. Yeah. He was made the face of it all. Still the, still the funniest one. We went when we went to Buffalo and interviewed Richie after the game, remember we went, we went to the tailgates. This is for o old aws. We remember this, but we went to the tailgate after. So the, the bills have like a player's tailgate in the player's lot. It was basically Eric Wood, other offensive linemen. And Richie was like, meet me there and then we'll go to my house and we'll do the interview.


And we went there And we sat there drinking beers and hang out with the Bills offensive line for like two hours while I kept on texting Richie. And then finally he is like, oh dude, I went home right after the game. He's like, oh, okay. And so like, okay, well we'll meet you there. He's like, yeah, I've been home for two hours. I don't know why you guys have been standing there in like 20 degree weather, drinking beers in the parking lot. But I'm, I am happy that Richie got a little vindication in this. Yeah, he was, he was definitely made the face of it. 'cause Richie, everything that went along with Richie was like, he was the easiest person to believe that could be a huge bully. Just on, on how he played sometimes where he'll always be like right up against that edge. So I, I hope, I hope he's feeling good today.


I hope that Jonathan Martin's doing okay. 'cause it seems like he's kind of all over the map. Yeah. And I, I hope, I hope he is happy right now. Yeah. And and I bet you Richie, if if Richie talked, there's probably some things that he would like to take back as well. 'cause it's not, he's, I, I never, I don't think we ever said, I don't think Richie ever said that he was a model citizen that never did anything wrong. It's just he became the face of like this, you know, horrible bullying campaign that just wasn't really bas in any reality. Yeah. Okay. Anything else Before we do? Who's back in the week There was a report from Pete Damel, I think. Okay. On expanding the NCAA tournament. Saw this. So he says that for the 2026 season, the tournament could expand and the likely option would be the 76 teams.


Mm. 76 teams in the NCAA tournament. At first I saw this and I thought, I thought, dear God, no, 64 to me is still the perfect number. It just, it's a nice clean bracket. I like, I'm a simple man. I can divide by eight. I like looking at a 60 14 bracket. Now, the only way that I would be okay with it if it was 76 teams is if you had the eight teams outside of the 64 that were all at large bids. Well that would be what they were. No, no. 'cause sometimes you get the conference, tournament winners Games. Wait, what do you mean? I'm, I'm saying like if in the playing games Oh, in the playing games, I didn't playing games.


I didn't understand what you're playing games. I thought you meant just the extra eight are all at large. No. 'cause they would all be at large. Right, right. No, but I mean that we have obviously the Dayton playing games. Yeah. Yeah. And then they would do another site that was not on the east coast. It would be somewhere out west for I don't know, time zones. But yeah. If, if all the playing games were at large teams that that'll be okay with it. I think it's less that and it's more that if they expand it, so they expand eight teams. It has to be, there has to be a rule that it's four and four big conference, small conference. Because what I don't want is an expansion of eight teams and then you get the seventh best a CC team and the 10th best Big 10 team over an Indiana state from last year.


So if they made it, hey we're expanding it to eight, eight more teams, but it has to be four teams that are lower, you know, lower conference teams. Then I could deal with that. 'cause that would be fun. A team that got their bids stolen. Their automatic bids stolen. Correct. In the championship game. Correct. Yeah. I don't want it to be just like a middle of the road big conference team that everyone complains about and is really not deserving of it. I would rather have it be, you know, like a Villanova or something where they're on the bubble and like I don't need them in I'd like Indiana State. Right. I, yeah. I just don't like, I, I hate it when they have the conference winners and they have to play in the playing game. That sucks. Yeah. Agreed.


Max are, are you on the bubble or Is not on the bubble? They on the others very well below the bubble. Wait, below the bubble or are you inside the bubble or outside of the bubble? They were starting to creep up into bubble land after beating St. John's last week. And then they just got absolutely smoked and embarrassed by Providence on Saturday. Oh Man. Good news for the sickos and perverts who are left edging from Max in the Super Bowl. I officially believe that this Badger team could make a make a run. So that will be where you get the heartbreak and the sadness and the, and me lashing out. That's gonna happen. I I think they are really good, really fun.


They were, they're projected a three seed. They did a mock committee thing and then they went out and beat Purdue at Purdue. I, I fully believe they could be a like, elite eight team and that's always a disaster for me. Hank, you gonna cheer this year? No, he's, he's Cooper flag An Elite eight run would be fun. Yeah. You you want me to? Yeah, you want me to? You want, you need it everyone. You, because when I say sickos and perverts, Hank is definitely like the number one leader of the sits and perverts and he knows that he got blue balls from Max's Super Bowl run. He's just gotta put a future on your, on your squad. That's Yeah. No, I love the birds.


That's the difference maker. Alright, let's do who's back in the week and then we're gonna kick it to Ryan Re and like I said, we'll be back in studio altogether for Wednesday's show on Tuesday. So we'll be back from vacation then. But before we do that,


who's back in the week is brought to you by our friends at truly, truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules, drinks light parties hard with 8% a BV. It hit, it hits hard, but still tastes amazing. A strawberry smash. That's my personal favorite. I love it. We were drinking it in New Orleans. It's great. You have a, you have, you get, you have a truly unruly maybe on the golf course you feel great and it's the official hard seltzer. A Pardon My Take find truly unruly at a store near you or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com. Shout out truly, by the way, they were on the ice for Four Nations. I saw it as one of the sponsors. So big stuff. Love. Truly unruly.


Alright, Hank, who's back of the week, My who's back of the week was about to be cable, but I just found out that a deal has been made between YouTube TV and Paramount Plus. Yeah, it's, I don't think it's a, I don't think they made the deal. I think they just, I made the switch to YouTube TV like two months ago and I it problem, and I think it was on Friday a couple days ago, that Was the issue. Oh, they, that YouTube TV said they weren't gonna be carrying Paramount Plus, which could be an issue for March Madness. So that would've been a disaster. Right? Yeah. So they, they, I think they have the structure in place, they should deal of an extent.


It's like what the PGA Tour and, and Liv keeps doing where it's like, yeah, we, we have, we have an agreement to framework. So there might not be March Madness on YouTube tv. I mean that would be a, that would be a disaster. Yeah, it would be a complete disaster. I mean that's, especially because YouTube tv you can watch on your, you know, on your phone, pull up on your phone for people at work or on your computer and you get the four boxes. Like total disaster. They got, they can't, I, I am not gonna get political, but that does feel like something Trump should just get involved in. If if we get to that point, if we're right before it, I feel like one tweet from him could solve that. Yeah. So cable. Cable might be back.


Yeah. Okay. PFT your who's back of the week. My who's back of the week is John Carlos Stanton. He's back on the injury report. Ah, he's gonna start the season on the injury report might not play in the first game. He's got double elbow tendonitis. So both of, both of his elbows are fucked up. That's what Blake had. So he is, if he does play, he's gonna be in a cone and probably sedated a little bit. But it is, it's like just, it's so perfectly Giancarlo Stan to like go into the spring training Yankee's feeling good about themselves again. And then Oh yeah, he's still John Carlo Stan.


That's like Reone having another surgery as well. Yeah. All time Finesse job. Yeah. How many games has he played? Like four on this contract? Yeah, I think, I think three or four. It, I mean you can look at his highlights on The Angels and it's when he, like when he slapped that fan. Yeah, that's probably, yeah. Pretty much the coolest thing that he he's done. Done. Yeah. Okay. My who's back of the week is National Sports Podcast because I wanted to talk real quick. Did you guys see I had two things from college or three things from college basketball. Saturday Auburn goes into Alabama, beats Alabama. Awesome, awesome game. Two incredible teams. That was like, there was a moment in the last maybe four minutes where it was just trading deep threes back and forth.


That was just so much fun to watch. So credit to Auburn, they're, they're really, really good. And then did you guys see Terrance Shannon's jersey getting retired? Yep. Upside down all time. I don't know how that happens. I really don't. How do you put that? How do you attach the jersey upside down? That's me. And then actually pull it Up. That means that it's in distress when they raise it upside down. I don't know. And the, the gasp from the audience was very, very funny when they all realized that the same time. Oh shit, this whole thing's upside down. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. And, and but What I, what I do, go ahead. The discourse that I really like after the Auburn Alabama game is people immediately saying, let's do this again three more times this season.


Like, oh yeah, if we don't get Auburn, Alabama four times total in college basketball this year, people are gonna be very upset. And I think the schedule makers will do everything in their power. If it does come to like, you know, bracket time, make sure that we have an a a, a strong possibility of seeing those two teams match up in the Elite eight. Yes. I think also Carl Ravich did fall for the SEC is 500 since January 4th stat. He said that live on air a couple days ago. But the SEC is very, very good. And that was, that showed it also in the Illinois, Michigan State game. The, I don't know if you guys saw the end of the game, but I can't remember.


I think it was with about five minutes left in the game. It was 67 66 Illinois. Oh sorry. It was like six and a half minutes left in the game. It was 67 66 Illinois over Michigan State and the final score was 79 65 Michigan State. So in the last six and a half minutes, Illinois actually had minus two points. 'cause they went and reviewed a basket for a goal tending from earlier and took off points. So you could see there's a screenshot where they're up 67 66 with six minutes left and they lost 79 65. Yeah. Never been done before that.


It was Crazy. Be so infuriating if you bet on them. So infuriating. But yeah, the, the, that Auburn Alabama game was awesome and I, I don't know if there's any other college basketball Also shout out Pug, CSAR Hall Yukon. Oh yeah. Oh boy. It was that, that game was awesome. Oh boy. Was that a bad ending for Yukon? Holy shit. They just pissed down their leg. Pug you're back. C Hall one game win streak. We could, there we go. We can get hot. You could get hot. Let's Build off that. Just Put us in the, you guys the Bubble East tournament. Just put us in the Big East tournament. Anything can happen. Okay. Are you, is it it the biggest tournament?


Everyone makes it right? Everyone makes it. Yeah. Not everyone makes a Big 10 tournament. Really. They, yeah, they've had to because we've had so many teams now so that the, there's a few teams that don't make it. Pug. You should do Bracketology for the Big East Tournament. Last four in Seton Hall. Okay. You're in. Yeah. Yeah. We we're in We're gonna win it. Pug. No, that was a bad loss for Yukon. 'cause Seton Hall is not good at all. Seton Hall is horrendous. Yeah. Horrendous. Very, very bad loss. Very, very bad loss. Okay. Any other national sports podcast stuff? I mean, we've got ow for an hour and a half plus. Yeah. He's gonna to get into a lot of national sports podcast stuff. Mostly about World War ii.


But yeah, I I think one thing that I saw that caught my eye earlier today was Kalari just yelling at that. Yeah. People for, he was basically saying, my team sucks. Yeah. That's, that's, he's not having a great time. He's having a bad time. He says like, my team sucks. They're soft. I have to treat them delicately. This is me treating them delicately, but I need to get in their ass somehow so I won't be hard. It doesn't look good. Doesn't look good for Cal. No, it does not, not not a great, great first year for him in Arkansas, but, alright, we're gonna be back, all of us together on, well may Max, when do you leave for your fitness vacation?


Wednesday night. Okay. So we'll be back, all of us together on Tuesday and we're gonna try to get biz on to talk hopefully USA Canada now Oh, last thing. If the Canada Finland game goes to overtime, does the US basically take a dive and let Sweden advance? So that's how the Tiebreakers work out. Mm. So Canada, I think, I think the US game on Monday night means nothing. If Canada wins their game in regulation in Regulation Canada, It'll just be USA Canada we're already in. Yeah, we're, we're already in Thursday night. So I think if, as long as is, if Canada wins in regulation, our game means nothing. But if Canada wins in overtime, I think they get two points.


And then Sweden could te could, could potentially jump them by the US taking a dive and Sweden beating them, beating us in regulation. Do we do it? My United States of America is not a coward. Oh, I'd love to do it though. It'd be so funny if, if Team Canada didn't even get into the finals. I just wanna say for the record, I want to You gotta beat the best anybody, anytime, anywhere. Yeah. But yeah, we should definitely take it. We should definitely take it. Yeah. Hank, what, what With you're just, are you paid off by Putin? Hank Read an article. Hank is so I, I wanna hear, Obviously Russia is one of the Four Nations.


They have to be in this and they're like, no they're not. I was like, that's crazy. They all the Four Nations. You're right. Well, no, but I wanna hear about this article. You read Hank No, I'm was a fucking this That's a raw reaction. I was just like, I feel like Russia has a great hockey players. They're probably heated. Yeah. Listen, it was, if it was up to me, I I would play against Russia right now. Yep. Right, me too. That's like agreed. I don't want the asterisk. I'm not putting asterisk True, but Russians, you know, Russians might come at you. How many Russians do you see on a day to day that are gonna be like, well that Four Nations was bullshit. True. I think you'll be okay.


Yeah. Hey, I don't even know. I, I don't know what Russians are coming across that would be that passionate about it. But I I I am sorry for you if you're gonna get shit for it, It's the ones that you don't see coming that you have to worry about with the Russians. True. True. We gotta find a Canadian for Thursday night that we can heckle. Do we have a Canadian guy at the office? I was Trying to think if we had one. Yeah, there's Greer, there's there's biz, but he's gonna be there, right? Yeah. Do we have a Canadian? It was just rent a Canadian for a day. I'm pretty Sure Greer's rooting for America anyway. That's Funny to nobody Except for the people that are in this Room.


Yes, yes. But yeah, listen, we judging by our laughs you know, that was funny. Isn't Brandon Walker Canadian? Yeah, let's make him Canadian. I like that. Yeah. We should tie him up and put a Canadian tuxedo on him. Yeah. Okay. Alright, let's get to our interview with Ryan Racc, NBA preview.


Okay. Before we get to our good friend Ryan Racc for our NBA preview, we're brought to you by our friends at Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer Saturday and Sunday with the truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips, DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. Recently they helped us give fullbacks of recognition they deserve with the Low Man award. Well, the Silverado Trail Boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 pounds, feet of torque. Hold onto your sodas Max. Plus the Trail Boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado brings the grit, then pairs it with all the latest truck tech inside and out the result. A truck that can do it all. Then show up on a Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss chevy.com Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Mountain Dew at a blast or refreshing tropical lime flavor to your game day with Mountain Dew. Baja Blast Mountain Dew. Baja Blast is part of my game day ritual. I love Mountain Dew. I love Baja Blast. If you're sitting watching games, I know it was football season, now it's basketball season. We're gonna get into the NBA with Ryan Re grab a Mountain Dew Baja Blast tournament's coming up. Mountain Dew, Baja Blast. Do it. The tropical lime flavor Mountain Dew Baja Blast. As refreshing as maybe hitting a parlay or a pick six or a buzzer beater. Now that it's basketball season hitting your free throws and one and one while hitting a three four point play. That's a Mountain Dew Baja Blast. Mountain Dew. Baja Blast is the four point play of sodas. Say it right now. So ride the Baja Wave on game day and grab Mountain Dew. Baja Blast for you and your crew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold, thank you to Mountain Dew. Thank you to Mountain Dew Baja Blast for changing our lives. That's the meme, right? Memes. You, you, you changed my life. And then she says, I'm literally Mountain Dew Baja Blast. So that's how I feel when I talk, when I talk about Mountain Dew. Baja Blast.


Okay, here he is. Ryan slo, NBA preview. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. He's one of our best friends in the whole wide world. It is Ryan Sil from the Ryan SIL podcast. Go listen. Right now. NBA preview. So we're running this on February The week of the combine. Maybe the week Fourth. Combine February 17th. NBA preview gonna happen. Think is gonna get traded. I, I, look, I'm not an insider. I think just there was a younger version of me egotistically, maybe a little insecure in the business where I was like, well, I heard, then I got to know Woj, I got to know his daily sacrifice.


And I was like, it's wrong of me to dip my toes into his world. Yep. Stolen Valor. Right. Just because I have access. Right? Like I don't go on CNBC, right? Because I day trade. You could Do, are you good at It? Here's what I'm telling you. If I put the right, if I had more screens, I'd be better. Yeah. But I'm hearing big time rumblings Of Luca. My favorite was when Shams was on Sports end the other day, and they had a camera on 'em backstage when they were getting ready to bring him out to the desk and it was like a, a tunnel entrance to an NBA game. The camera was like going around him 360 degrees. He was like shaking his neck out.


They're like, we're gonna shas in a second. He's getting pumped up to go out there. And then he goes out there, he sits down all fired up. He's like, league circles Just can't believe what they're hearing right now. What is the league circle? Just whoever you have a contact with in the league. Because I've never talked to more teams than those 48 hours after that trade on Saturday night. Like I was hearing from guys I hadn't talked to in years. It It's still, I know that, you know, the dust is settled. It still makes no sense. Right. So look, we've been in New Orleans all week. Every single thing I've gone to, all anybody wants to talk about is Luca. Yeah. Because it's, I mean the, the, the original reporting of it, when Sean's reporting, he is like, I'm not hacked because it was so bad of the, the deal.


Think About Bobby Marks had to be like, he's not hacked. Yeah. Like, I need a third source to confirm this about the original tweet. Yeah. This is not NBA sentel. This is an actual trade. What Can you Right. 'cause if it is sentel, we joked on Saturday after it happened that Bronny would've been in it. Yeah. Yeah. That would've been a much better trade. But what do you think LeBron would've said? No, they would've had to let LeBron know. He would've said yes. He'd be like, Luca, Luke in my prime Can trade my own son for Luca. Yeah. Is it, is it like, everything I've read, it just basically boils down to Nico Harrison, the GM for the Mavs almost went rogue. And he doesn't like, Luca probably doesn't like fat people. And I know that must have hurt. Yeah. Well, I mean, I, I've been defending Luca when everyone's like, he's, dude, you're, Dude, you're even fat.


But He's like, he's two 70, he's 6 7 2. Seventy's not bad. Two seventy's not bad at all On six seven. But I'd be two 70 if I, if I could. Yeah. Right now I'm not even six seven. If You look at BMI, he's like morbidly obese. Yeah. But BMI, there was a new thing I read today. It was like finally you're like, oh, you think it might be a little outdated for Jack people, right? Scientists, Yeah. Muscle. But what is it just he hated Luca? It seems like it. I, I mean I think everything is is out. There's other conspiracy theories and I love, you know, when somebody's really smart and they're really good at making a point and then everybody was like, Hey, did you hear about this like casino thing? And like the moving around and then you're like, okay, maybe. Yeah, maybe. Or 'cause it's so convincing, right?


But I always have this issue with like making this simple thing difficult. And I think those of us that do this for a living, like to do that at times. And that's not even, this guy wasn't even, I don't even think a media member, but you're like, do you think they wanna leave Dallas? Do you think they wanna leave the Dallas market? And so we get a major league on our hands here. Like of course they don't, they want these Vegas teams. Yeah. But they want the money paid. When you expand those two, no two new owners have to write these massive checks. Yeah. But they can still do that. They move to Vegas and then the expansion team is Dallas. Yeah. I don't, I Don't think, I dunno if you've heard about this one. Of course I've heard about it. I, I've had it sent to me by people being like checks out sense. That's just, That's a thrill of a conspiracy theory.


'cause if you see it early enough, you can tell other people and they're like, wow, you're a deep thinker. And Then they think that you came up with it and they're like, yeah, Big Cat just told me this thing about this. I Like when somebody shares it with you, like they got it and a source that no one else has already seen a hundred times. Yeah. It All comes like, Hey, it's like one Reddit post. Yeah. And everybody sees Sniffer 69 came up with it and everyone's like, he's Had a good track record. He Makes a lot of good points. Yeah. Put another, put another nickel in the farts center for 69 was right Char. Yeah. But it's crazy. This trade is crazy. Right. It makes no sense. Here's, here's what I think is like the funniest part about it is that I guess Nico wanted to keep it a secret 'cause he was afraid people would get mad if they found out. I Don't, I don't know. But he was like, don't tell anyone. Yeah. He thanked Palka for keeping it quiet and you're like, what'd you think Palka was gonna do?


Yeah. Palka gonna to get, start telling other people. The other thing that I always think is insane with like rebuilds in the NBA is like we need everybody to be kind of on the same timeline like age wise. So you go, so if like in theory an we're available, he's too young to play next to Kyrie right now, granted positionally a fit center in AD and Kyrie, it's very clear that Nico's background in the guise that he is had relationships with. Like he said, I don't do anything scary. I'm like, you did the single scariest transaction in the NBA two years ago by being the one team that's like, yeah we'll trade stuff for Kyrie Irving. And it's worked out and I think it's worked out because of that relationship. Clearly the ad relationship goes all the way back. The Palka relationship goes back 20 plus years. You know, everybody's read all the same stuff about how like Nico was obsessed with Kobe made it work, the Palka Kobe deal where Kobe's like telling Palka, go start your own thing.


I'm coming with you. Like these guys have been, you know, and not in a weird way, but like collectively in bed in this basketball world for a really long time. But like at some point you have to have someone close to you that can, that can go hey, even if you don't love Luca, even if you love ad silence is not the play here. Right. You know, like every time there's a big trade and granted it's more in the NBA than any other sports, but it used to happen in baseball when it was a more active trade deadline. But when the insider goes on tv, like just happened with DN Fox, shams goes on Win horse goes on, whoever goes on. It's like, look, you know, people around the league are starting to tell you, you know, Sacramento definitely looking at offers and maybe open for business on Dere and Fox, a lot of times that comes from the team, right?


They want the guy to go on advertise to the rest of the league that this guy is available. The idea that if it got out it hurts. Their leverage is bullshit. Yep. He, this is unfathomable to so many different teams around the league. This should be an auction, it should be a public auction. It should be updated every fucking day. The Lakers, as Windhorse reported saying that they went to Dallas and said, we can't give you the second first because we don't know if he'll sign an extension. Yeah. Then if you're Nico, you go, okay then, then you can walk away from acquiring Luca Dridge at 25 years old in a trade that is unprecedented historically. Yeah. I'm offering you gold and you're gonna break my ball. You can say no to me.


Yeah. And instead Nico was like, yeah, you're right. Okay. So the Other that could My mind, the Other thing that could make sense with it is that he's just obsessed with ad. Yeah. And he just loved AD and needed him on that team. I Don't know, get somebody else involved and like It's, it's also crazy because he is like, oh yeah, we just went to the finals with Luca being an absolute force offensively, you know what we should do is go defense. Well that's the other thing is that I spend a lot of time, I mean I don't really talk to anybody about it, but they're like, oh look at this guy's numbers and be like, that guy's a loser. Oh he has these are, he had 30 points again. Cool. Do you watch all the other shit that he does wrong? This guy has a, a laundry list of losing plays inside of a basketball game. Like I know you're upset about the Zach Levi Green.


No I'm not upset, But you know, he's played in what, four playoff games in his career. So like we're sitting around, this league has a lot of dudes that put up huge, huge numbers, but they do it on their own terms. They don't pay attention to anything else. They've never even heard of an off ball cut to save their lives. It sounds like you're talking about Jordan Pool. No, it sounds very mean. Well, Jordan Pool is like, I joke that if he went to confession he'd be like, well what is this? Because there's just no, no conscience. There's zero. I mean he's the most dangerous player in the NDAI Love him. I love watching him Play. So it's actually not, not entertained yet. No, it is. Yeah, because you're just like, this is this, I can't imagine being a teammate. Like I'd wanna to get on the plane at one point. Like are you fucking serious man? And so anyway, the point is is there's a lot of players that get a lot of pub that were like, whoa, he must be good because look at his line and look at all these things he's done and they've done nothing.


They've never sniffed anything. Maybe a playoff fluke. Run Luca with a team three years ago. That's third option was Reggie Bullock. Okay. Like that team made it to the Western conference finals and then this team gets through OKC, it gets through Minnesota and it plays, you know, it was a bad matchup against Boston. That Boston team is really, really good, but this guy was actually going on the playoff runs. Right? So all these other guys are like, I can think, you know, sometimes I think there's guys that are good that are on bad teams and other guys I think that are frauds. This guy's not a fraud. And, And, and I think it was Harold, Bob, I, I say his name wrong. Harra, Bob Harbo who said it, which was I I feel like it had to be said even though it's very obvious. He was like, yeah, you'll post clip people, post clips of Luca being a traffic cone and getting blown by post the same amount of clips if not more of Luca having three guys guard him and still hitting the shot.


Yeah. That that's what he brings. Right. I mean that was alarming. It was also weird 'cause I think the Celtics knew 'cause I mean it's pretty obvious by their approach. Like, we're gonna just kill this guy gonna wear him out. Right. The Celtics also had like five to seven guys with a ball in their hands that you actually have to worry about. Right. Like off the dribble, not just spot up guys. So you can make a target that you're hunting, move more when you're as good as the Celtics are. So those video clips like, okay fine, but I could do the same thing with a ton of other players that don't even sniff the first or second round. Right. Right. So, and I don't think his defense was that bad laid on in the Playoffs. I feel like he, once he started to play hard, it, he wa he wasn't a great defender but he wasn't a complete liability all the time.


That matchup was tough for him. But I think just team to team, it was a tough matchup because it was like the first team. I mean they had Tatum guarding their center while Tatum was playing point guard. Yeah. And like I was at two of the games and it was funny 'cause Dallas at one point's like, oh wait, maybe we can attack Tatum on the post. And it's like, cool, you're gonna run Gafford post up. Right. And take the ball outta Lucas' hands. Right. Take the ball outta Kyrie's hands like you're playing right into what they want to do. But I think PFT your your point is this like, okay, you wanna call him fat Fine, you wanna say he's not committed enough. Fine. You wanna say he argues the refs like, dude, pick a guy that doesn't argue with the refs. Like it's always shocking when you go, oh, so and so doesn't argue all that much and Sure, okay fine. All all great stuff. Call other fucking teams.


Right, Right. The process is bad. You're a hundred percent correct. Like if they knew that Luca was was up for being traded, you would have every gm, most GMs in the league making their final best offers and you would get an enormous haul for him. I think Ange would've done like Tatum after he won an NBA championship with him. Yeah. I don't know that. I mean he, he never would tell you the truth or anything. I don't know if Boston could after just winning with Tatum, knowing that Tatum's always in shape plays every game plays defense. You just want a title. Their window is still open. Well, Brown's The Alpha Dp. He's got the Aura Batman, robin talk. Yeah. Yeah. Max Aura. Not, not your max unattainable aura. Do you wanna do Batman Robin for the Lakers now?


Who takes the last shot? I love, love that discussion. I love First Take. Whose team is it? Yeah. Whose team is that? Brony. When Dwayne Wade spent like two years doing interviews and like another 10 years after he is like, well the team didn't really click until I sacrificed. Yeah. He was like, oh you sacrificed against the guy who at the time is the best version we've ever seen of him. That's arguably like again, we know we're sitting here, he's number two probably all the time. I I you could, there's there's definitely a, a clip that runs in two years. Right. Luke is outta shape. He gets hurt again. There's questions about the extension. He's miserable. He actually doesn't like la which would be shocking to me. I think he's probably gonna hang out with all the hockey players and move to Manhattan Beach. But I we we know what it could be. I mean maybe Dallas goes on. I really liked this team when they were healthy this year.


It was a good team. They had an awesome off season. The trades were great for them. There is a version of events that can definitely happen. It's like, remember how everybody thought this and Nico was right. Whatever that could happen, I'm open to It. The fans showing up and protesting like trying to kill him. Bringing the casket out. Yeah. Then the Mavericks going and win a championship. Dude, how about Ali LaForce on the call, the Mavs Celtics game last night. Like having a moment where she was like, you know, everybody just wants to remind you that Saturday night's home game for Dallas, like these people have families. Like it Was Just be responsible. Right. I know. And like this is quite the message anyway, having said all those things, you still will never be able to defend the process.


Right. The process is bad. Right. The execution of this is indefensible. But then I think about Luca like is this this wake up call for him And he's gonna be next to LeBron who's gonna get him in shape, right? Like Ula. Yeah. That's not really that much of a wake up call where it's like hey we're gonna send you to la, you're gonna play with LeBron and you're gonna be the face of the Lakers. More taxes though. Like that. That'll Show you a lot more taxes. Yeah. Lot of taxes. 13 half percent State. 13 point half state is that Yeah, it's over a million. Yeah. But The one thing I'll say in defense of Nico is that he does have a job for life probably now. 'cause Rob Poco will just hire him. He has to like, if that we find out if he gets fired in two years and that he is just part of the Lakers organization, I think there'll be part of me being like, alright, I guess he was just looking out for himself.


That's not the worst. This does remind me of Roman times though. Yeah, same. I was gonna say the same Ula where he was like, I thought you were talking about Jim. No, there's no friend that's ever served me. No enemy that's ever wronged me. Who am I? Who am I have not repaid in full. That's Powerful. Mm. That is Powerful. That's what, that's the first thing I thought about when I saw that Luke was gonna LA Yeah. Are you doing Roman Empire right now? Just finished the Trilogy's but I can't get the authors on. I wanted to do like a three part thing. Were they dead? No, I did Pax, I did Rubicon. I did Storm before the storm so I just wanted to like, you know what I do is I chart it out and then I'm like, which years am I missing? So Are you still single? It's when somebody says like how often do boys think about the Roman Empire?


That's just you weighing it down for everybody else. I never think about it, but no, I Actually, when I saw them, when I saw the memes, I felt the responsibility. You do your research. I was like, you know what, like a lot of people think this is funny. Yeah. But, but it isn't. And if you look at like the different forms of government, like is it better the to live under the guise of democracy with an, you know, ultimately a dictatorship. Yeah. You know, which again speaks to bread And circus. Do you feel strongly about the, the republic versus democracy debate? You know, I don't know man. I think at some point, I mean not to go full dictator on you, but I think at some point somebody has to make the final decision. Yeah, that's true. Why'd you use that term?


Well 'cause I just think that, you know, there's a lot of stuff in history. You go through it and you're like, you think this is a collective? Have you been to any good museums recently? Ryan? Yeah. World War II Museum yesterday in New Orleans went by myself. Was shocked it wasn't busier with people from the media. Some people like to party with booze and drugs and women and I like to party with history. Brian sent me a picture of just an airplane yesterday. Yeah, you sent me a picture of like a a just An airplane. I took like 20 pictures. Bill. You Know there's airplane Airplanes. You bought it. Oh you got us stuff from the World War iii. Well thank you Ryan. The Shirt and that's my dog tag. Oh wow. That one bar from the World War D. That's, That's an MRE right there. Oh This is a beautiful shirt.


Are we? We're splitting this shirt. Look at this. This is for me and Big Cat. It's a Keep 'em Flying Us Army Air Force shirt. Love that. So good. I was both like love planes. Yeah. And so I'll wear it on, on on odd Days. You wear it on eBay. Okay. I love it. At first I was afraid I was, I would die and then I was afraid I wouldn't. Oh, that's true. Anonymous Soldier World War ii. We'll get back to Ryan Illa in a second. He's brought to you by Sleep number.


Listen up. We're talking about something that's just as important as game day sleep. Did you know that 80% of NFL players have a sleep number Smart bed? That's right. These guys aren't just elite athletes on the field. They're recovering like pros off at two. Here's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is all about customization. You can adjust the firmness on each side so couples don't have to fight over who gets the better setup. It's like having a referee for your bed but no whistles. Just comfort. If you're waking up tired or feeling like you got tackled in your in your sleep, this bed's got your back. Literally it has your back. It contours to your body and even adjusts to keep you comfortable all night long. Plus the new Climate Cool feature is a total game changer. It keeps you up to 15 degrees cooler. So no more sweaty nights tossing and turning the bottom line. If it's good enough for the NFL, you have to check it out. Right now you can save 50% on the new Sleep Number Limited edition Smart Bed. It's half off. Head to Sleep Number Store or sleep number.com to learn more Sleep number because your best sleep is your best performance. Go get it.


Ows also brought to you by Better Help.


This podcast is sponsored by Better Help. We often hear about red flags we should avoid, but what if we focus more on looking for green flags and friends and partners. If you're not sure what they look like, therapy can help you identify green flags, actively practice them and your relationships and embody the green flag Energy yourself. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself, it's time to form relationships that love you back. I've personally benefited from using therapy in the past. I think a lot of people out there might be able to experience the same positive changes that I've experienced through using therapy as an effective tool. Better Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Discover your relationship Green Flags with Better Help. Visit Better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com/pmt.


And now here's more Ron Illa. Anyway, how about that Central division? Central division, let's discussed. Well yeah, let tell us who's gonna win. Who's gonna win the title? I feel like there's five teams, six teams. I like that. And we just did this the other day, the surprise list. So who's not a surprise? OK C's Not a surprise. Boston's not a surprise. Cleveland's not a surprise. I think Denver's the fourth team when Denver has Aaron Gordon and this version of Jamal Murray. Even with a diminished bench, it's like you can't rule, especially, you know, you look at the depth, the extra days off depth isn't as big of an issue. You know, Michael Porter Jr's like hit or miss to me. I think I'd like him less and less even though he's so important to what they do because of stretching the floor.


Westbrook has been like really good in these minutes 'cause of the energy. I think he's finally kind of accepted who he is a little bit. So he doesn't force the issue the way he would with some of the other guys. I think he's more differential to yoic than anyone he is ever been playing next to. And the great thing we're playing with Yoic is like, dude, if you just keep moving and cutting like there's free baskets all over the place 'cause he's gonna find you. So I would put Denver in there 'cause that's just how special I think Yoic is in Memphis. No I'm not. I'm not quite there yet. Houston. No, no. I have a hard time believing Houston will win four series. The Knicks. I probably have the Knicks over Houston. Even though I enjoy watching Houston the most as the taping of this.


Houston's really going through a weird stretch. They haven't had Van Lee. They have these awesome clutch record numbers, but they have some awful like clutch metrics, which is really weird how off the two things are. And I wonder offensively if they would have enough to like keep up with some of the the other high profile teams. But you know, one of the questions I have about OKC is will there be a second score that is more reliable than the first version that we saw in Jaylen Williams? Which is totally understandable 'cause it was first time and check. I Feel like Jet has to Yeah 'cause they do have, I feel like they do get killed by big power forwards right now. Yeah. The rebounding stuff has been an issue now for a while with them. But I worry more their defense is so good, they're so smart.


Like they made Weby look terrible. It was very early in the season, but it was, you know, if you hold the ball and you wait around against OKC, they just swarm you and everybody's bought in. Like the culture of that team is, is almost like an unobtainable thing in the NBA. So I'm impressed with all of it. I just want the second, or maybe even another guy, which isn't gonna happen now. Someone to be that reliable, like third creator in those minutes where maybe one of the other guys is subbed out or some of the things bogged down. But now I'm like nitpicking, like I'm nitpicking with them. There's little things that I can nitpick with Cleveland, but I thought that Deandre Hunter Trade addressed. Probably the biggest issue is that when they start a game against the Celtics, like Stru is getting defensive minutes against Jalen Brown or Jason Tatum because they want spruces spacing.


Right? And then the rest of the assignment you're like, you know, what do we do? Do we put Mobley on a wing and feel like we're wasting him? 'cause you kind of have to, if Boston doesn't wanna play with Double Bigs like they do sometimes. So I'm really, really impressed with Cleveland. And even though Hunter's expensive as far as what they'll have to pay him and all the tax stuff, it's a no-brainer. You know, not that he's a lockdown guy, but it's just a way better defensive option. Yeah. You know, 'cause se playoff series are crazy, man. Like you can see a game one result and everybody sits there and be like, oh this is over. And then game two is the same guys plays out an entirely different way. Yeah. So at least they have an option as opposed to what they had Before. So in the West you got Denver. OK C. Yeah. Who else? That's It. I think the after that, it would be a surprise to me if the Houston Rockets won an NBA championship this year.


Yeah. It would be a surprise to me if Memphis won an NBA championship and the Lakers. Yeah. I think it's a surprise. Okay. To me this is a reset. I mean, Don becomes available, you stop worrying about how you match up with the 25 playoffs. Yeah. And it's pretty clear. And even if they spent, you know, real assets on acquiring Mark Williams, he needs to be better. And Granny's only played like half the available games of his career. But the defensive numbers for him are atrocious. And when you watch him it, the good sign might be I, I just like, do you'd not care. Yeah. Like I don't want, I know it sounds crazy, I want guys to care all the time. But is it easier to fix it when it's like, Hey, your effort sucks.


Now you're playing and you're with LeBron. Yeah. Yeah. You're playing with the Lakers now. Yeah. You know, you can hide on Charlotte on League Pass, but you can't anymore. What about the Bucks? I hate dismissing Giannis just 'cause I, you know, I think on the best nights he's, he's the second best player in the world. He's been even better this year. Last year. He wins the MVP in a lot of seasons. If it's not for this epic run that Yoko is on, you know, they've, they've reinvented themselves a bit. Kuzma has probably got a little bit more juice to 'em than Middleton does at this point. I think Middleton defensively when some of the Wing matchups worries them. But like, Kuzma doesn't necessarily solve those problems. How do you Evaluate Kuzma when he's basically in Siberia with the Wizards for so long?


I mean, that team was such a mess and, and the minutes were, were all over the place and the priorities were different than, you know, Kuzma like, like when Kuzma has been good, he's he's pretty good man. He's not the most athletic guy. It is not like you're letting him initiate a ton of offense, like off the dribble on his own. And defensively he can probably get caught in some stuff where he is, he's not athletically matching like another guy that he's assigned to. But I, I like him 'cause I think they can just count on him more than they could Middleton at this point. Right. But I'm worried about like, the Dame stuff at the top. I think Brooke Lopez, like, it's kind of over man. Yeah. It's getting, It's getting up there. Yeah. So the Giannis thing is, is terrific.


And you know, I just fucking love that guy. I love, like, you knew when it was the Weby matchup earlier. You're like, oh, I can't wait to watch this game tonight. 'cause he's gonna be like, I'm gonna go right at this dude. And Weby blocked him twice at the start of the first game. And Giannis is like, all right, now I'm even more pissed where a lot of guys like with his profile be like, all right, I don't wanna get embarrassed anymore. Right. I'm not gonna do that again. Like, he couldn't wait. So I always kind of like, I think I probably stubbornly have respect for Gianni so much that normally I would keep him live in this. But I, I think the reality is the NBA stories, the way they go, like their, their window's probably already closed. Damn. Hmm. So Boston Obviously, why do you Have to play on them? No, I was just wondering. 'cause I, I, I, I don't like the Bucks, but I like Giannis.


Like Giannis is so much fun to watch when he's right. You know? Yeah. I he's everything that I would want, like all the stuff that we've talked about with Luca. And the funny part too is like, there's been way more rumblings about Gianni's fragile future in Milwaukee than Luca. I mean, you know, the Luca thing was like maybe, you know, oh, 26, this team's clearing cap space. All right, fine. But this Giannis stuff has always been this weird lingering like, oh, they have to do this. This is why they did the Dame deal. You know, this is why they did the coach thing. And you know, who knows? And would he ever say, Hey, I'm at this side of 30, like, I'm outta here. Because it doesn't mean it's never gonna happen, but like the American guys are usually the guys that do it.


The international guys don't, again, an international guy at some point who's a superstar is gonna be like, get me outta here. Yeah, Go ahead. I think we've talked about this. I've, I don't, I, maybe we haven't, but I always thought the Dame thing with Portland not to be harsh, kind of made him a loser. How So? He liked being like the man in a team that really never had expectations or had to compete for anything. He's like, I'm the man. I've run this franchise. We're not going anywhere. And then it gets spun as loyalty. It's just like, I don't know. I, I don't know. I mean, it's probably harsh because it's it hypocritical of me because I don't love when, when guys be like, I gotta go team up with another superstar.


But maybe towards the end where it's just like, dude, be a little selfish while you have some, some gas left in the tank. You're an unbelievable player. Go compete and try to win a championship with someone. Isn't it funny though? I mean, it's like, okay then he can't win. He can't win at all. I know. I know. That's what I'm saying. I know that it's a little harsh and it's hypocritical, but I always was like, dude, especially at the end, like, go get it somewhere. You're you're so good. You're fun in crunch time. And it's like Dame time stuff. Like I don't want, I don't care about Dame time in the middle of February when you guys are a 500 team in Portland. Well there's definitely truth to him liking his role with the Trailblazers all those years. Right. And whenever you talk to people out there, and granted the regime has changed over, but it was, you know, is he ever gonna get a little like annoyed with all this stuff?


It's like, no, he likes being the main attraction. Right? Like everything's sort of on his terms. Not like a, like I think the OKC stuff with Westbrook was like absurd towards the end where everything was sow on his terms and they had just lost a rant. I mean, he had bigs just getting out of his way so he get extra rebounds. Yeah. He the highest throws And stuff, the highest like usage rate in like modern history. And you start to realize like he still gets rebounds. Other guards will never get because he's so incredibly gifted, athletic and his determination, all that kinda stuff. But like everything started feeling so catered to Westbrook. You're like, all right, is this actually the recipe for success now? That team didn't have have any success in the playoffs. Dames certainly had a couple moments. The OKC shot once Paul George was there, the Houston series, there's just a lot of stuff in there that I thought was a lot of fun.


They had a western conference finals run that I think is one of those that falls under the kind of fluky category. Yeah. Like remember When it was Covid, right? Well, Oh no, no, it was 19 year. Yeah, it was year Before. That's right. So I totally get your point. And like there was always this Bradley deal thing that's very similar. It's like, this guy's not asking out yet. It's not. And then people go, well, you know, he's pretty content guy and he's pretty close to like qualifying for the five year max. Right. So he may just get that and then he is gonna bounce. And that's exactly what happened. So I don't think, I don't think you're wrong. It just feels so fucking unfair. Right. It's don't really don't wanna say, oh yeah, this guy actually was a loser the whole time. You know what's crazy is he Imagine he wasn't lose the whole time. Yeah. Imagine if he had gotten his way and gone to Miami.


I know. Like, do you think Butler would've been like, okay, I'll chill out now without the Extension? Oh yeah. I mean I I, I like it when players do that. When they say, I like this city. Yeah. I wanna be a one Jersey guy. I wanna stay here if we're gonna try to win. But if we don't win, you know, I'm gonna give it my all. And that's okay. I think that's good. I think that's good for the league as a whole. I Liked it too when you, All the good players, the Last like two years where it's like you still, because he did, he was already past 30 when he went to the box. Right. Like, and he's, I mean, yeah. Yeah. So he, it was like, it just felt like, oh man, if you, if you'd maybe asked out like a year or two earlier, okay, this could have been something, the One you can get on Dane for though.


And this was starting to happen and I remember like the first time it was explained to me, they're like, this is just the transfer portal now. Because people don't care about getting the free agency to maximize their opportunities or leverage all that stuff. They're just signing the extension and then saying, okay. And Then saying, I want out And We covered this. Yeah. And that sucks. That sucks. Yeah. And he had four years to go on his, the same way Durant had four years to go on his, when he decided he wanted out of the nets and they wouldn't trade him, they wouldn't fire everybody. Then they had to trade him to Phoenix anyway. And they ended up getting a haul. And honestly, looking back at that, it's an unbelievable deal for what the Nets were able to pull off for a guy that's unhappy within 18 months of every place that he's gone. Like, I was kidding around the other day. But I was like, do you, who's been happier at like his peak basketball moments throughout his career?


Kyrie or Durant? Kyrie. Kyrie with the 2016 Cavs. I think I His peak. I think Kyrie by The way, I'm gonna take back my dam take. You guys convinced me. That was probably, that was probably a take. I should My, I understand this, But before The four year extension not kicking in and then saying, I wanna be traded here and I only want to go to Miami. Right. And that's not a blast. Yeah. No, that's not a blast. But the, I do think Durant was, was genuinely happy in, in Golden State. I, I know that everyone was like, oh, well it's always gonna be Steph's team. I do think Durant is so addicted to just the game of basketball and not all the other stuff that, like the basketball they were playing was so beautiful that I think he was happy there.


I think he was probably happy in OKC at the start when it was all new to him. Yeah. You know when 12 finals run. Yeah. We didn't get You don't have jaded pressure yet. Didn't, when he wasn't online as much, that's when he was the happiest. You don't think he was happy in Golden State? He left just from a basketball. I know he left, but like from a, from a basketball perspective, that team was just playing like, yeah. The highest form of basketball you could play Best starting five I've ever seen. Yeah. Make It there. I just thought you were gonna argue. No, I know. Dream team. The Pistons, the all four pistons. Fuck. Oh yeah. That was a great team. All, all Stars Shaw Prince. Yeah. Rip better.


That Was the best debate ever. Should they all be all stars? I Love, love that. That's not even the worst one. Remember the Atlanta Hawks team with all those guys? You're like, well, the Corver. Yeah. Corver and Joe Johnson. They're like, well they're in first place was Josh Smith on that team. Josh it's pronounced Josh Smith. Smith. He, he was my all time. Like, he's just gonna chuck a few threes. I think he was on Detroit by then. Yeah, he might've been. Yeah. It might have been like 27% from three. I love that he would do it though. He'd be like, you just got a pencil in that he's gonna chuck some threes and they're not gonna go in. I like those Guys. That's a valiant flea that dare eat his breakfast on the lip of a lion. Henry the V. Oh, okay. You're Dropping knowledge on this. Yeah, you are. You've been reading a lot, haven't you? A Lot know what people don't talk about enough is Shakespeare's depiction of Henry the V is so fucked.


I agree. I totally, yeah. Right. It's, we were, we actually were talking about that earlier. It's, it's the That's good. Yeah. Because It's like, oh, Billy Shakespeare, he couldn't get it wrong. Are you serious? Have you ever fucking talked to writers? No. Have you ever read anything about Henry the V It's complete, it's completely misleading. Yeah, I agree. It's, you know what it is. It's an oversimplification of him. So Yeah. When he was just straight up efficiency. Yeah. I mean, granted he got a bit of a gobbed complex and just saying France was his and it was his. Right. I would love to be arrogant enough like we're here Super Bowl week and there's some guys you're like, we need fucking simmer down like cool daytime readings. But It's one Very specific person you're thinking.


I I look at Henry the V and I think imagine just being like, Hey, this isn't me just being a dick. It is my birthright. France is mine. God told me. Yeah. How do you, how do you run errands that day? Yeah. With that kind of, with that kind of like, idea of where you are in the world. Yeah. Nobody, it'd be tough. It's hard to negotiate against that position. There's really nothing you can say. Yeah. Be Like, Hey, this sucks. We're in the woods still and we're digging ditches and guys have malaria and dudes are dying And we don't have any food And we might have to start eating the horses. And I haven't even seen a boob in two years. Like, this fucking sucks. And he's like, don't worry about it. God said we're gonna win. Yeah.


We got it. God. God. France. God did. Yeah. He probably had one chick that he liked from France and he was like, I I kinda want the whole country now. Yeah. Well My Didn't marry her. Marry he did marry the daughter of the Mad King, which was arranged. He did seem to like her though. Yeah, that's, they they were good. They were squad goals. Totally. Power couple. Totally Like Kate, Beyonce and Jay-Z. Yeah. You're like, Kate's, you know, good for Kate. I think Kate Middleton's approval ratings through the roof. Yeah. But I don't know, dude. Henry the VI just think it's funny to look at maps. You guys don't ever look at maps. Oh, I love Maps. I bought a shirt, actually bought a shirt with, with a map on it yesterday. Yeah. Maps are the best. What's your favorite projection? Are you McCat guy?


You're gonna have to explain to me. You Don't, you're talking about maps. You don't know about projections. You seem like a map. Casual. I, I kind of like McCat. I dunno what this is. They are fun to look at. They're fun to look at. But they wildly distort how big Greenland is. Oh yeah. Yeah. Do you ever do that? Do you ever see that site where you can pull Greenland and it's like the size of, you know, It's that Greenland. It's like Louisiana. Isn't that trump.com where you just pull Greenland? That's its Yeah, you bring it left. That's Ours. That shit's Ours now. Yeah. I do want Greenland. I do too. Do you? Yeah. Yeah. Why not? Does Greenland want Greenland? No. There is something to be said. Well, I don't know. This would probably bring up something else, but like, Go on. When you read Henry the V you're like, we do invade each other less. Yeah. Yeah. That's a positive.


And that never gets talked about. That's True. Well, the wars then were a little bit different too. Right? It's like, if, if there's big countries, world powers invading other world powers right now. It's like eventually you're gonna start a nuclear war. Back then it was like, we're gonna send seven horses and five guys with swords and then they're gonna duke it out on the border for a Little bit. I'm shocked about like, some of that stuff from corp in like late 13 hundreds, early 14 hundreds. And you're like, you invaded France with 2000 guys and some boats like, what the fuck? Like yeah, imagine. And like, we're good. Yeah. Like we're going into the whole country and the numbers were like really limited. And then they started like going nuts. I mean, granted, you gotta go with centuries beyond Napoleon just being like, let's go for Russia.


But yeah, I, I don't know, maybe I'm just more top of mind right now after the museum visit yesterday and everything. But yeah, I, I I don't know that that, back to the Henry fifth thing. Completely mis misjudged Shakespeare fucked him. What were your blind spots in the Pacific Theater? Do you know about the ice cream boat? I don't think I do. Explain it to me. The US had such incredible industrial power during World War ii that we were creating boats at such a level that they created a boat that just served ice cream to the Navy that was in the Pacific Theater. I don't feel bad not knowing that. Good. It's a real, it's a real thing. We were, we, we just, we just were shitting out boats.


That's how fast we were making 'em. They were like, all right, this one will just be soft serve. I think. I mean, if you wanna be like completely serious about all this stuff. No, no. The ice cream boat is serious. I don't really like how you've kind of diminished it. What flavors do you think they had? I think they had 'em all Chocolate and vanilla in 1945 had a malt swirl. They had AEM all two. I bet they had strawberry or a malt. That's, that's Just running up the score though. I mean, Japan's fighting with wooden boats and we're like, we have an ice cream boat. Japan's resources were strained pretty quickly. Pretty Quickly. Small, small islands. It Got in a little over their head then first Time they'd surrendered in 2,500 years. It's crazy. They thought the emperor was god. Well it was called the God emperor.


Yeah. Another guy probably, probably read Henry the fifth. Yeah, He did. He's like this guy Do. Have you read about Guy Too? The naval battles in the Philippines? There's some crazy shit that went on there too. Yeah, I Was watching the videos about it yesterday, but I don't know. I mean this is where being the war historian, like you could say a fact, but I'm gonna go. I didn't know that. And we just do this War day. I'm the world historian. No ice Cream boat. No, I didn't know ice cream boat. You just went to A World War II museum. I'm supposed to know all of it. Yeah. I'm supposed to know every maneuver from the runways to Manila. The Manila decision. I think it's vanilla and chocolate. That's my only facts. Ice. It's so good That we can't even do anything now with it. The one thing that you Contributed To this was ice cream. Ice cream bowl was ice cream bowl. Dude.


Ice line. We need to take a moment to understand how good that line Was right there. It's solid. Is that the, That's even the capital Of the Philippines. The whole World War II theater is just me thinking about ice cream. But when Oppenheimer came out and like I, you know, some people just can't like, you know, they send a tweet and it's like, oh, we're celebrating this now. Like, do you want to fucking do this? Yeah. Do You want to do this? Yeah. You wanna do this whole thing? Do you want to do this? Yeah. Are we gonna do this? You wanna Talk about, are we going fucking The coast of China? Yeah. Do you wanna talk inland? Are we gonna do the thing where we just ignore the rape of Na King? Dude, there's video. They didn't show the video, but there are stills of like practicing bayonet work with live Chinese prisoners.


Yeah. So look, history is littered with all of this stuff. But like the artsy person that decides they're taking the stand without ever reading a fucking book or deciding that they're just going to ignore the like, I'm not saying necessarily like who's right, but who put you in charge of saying who's wrong. Right? Yep. Is Cooper Flagg the real deal? I haven't watched enough of them. Boston College. You've watched a lot of, you've probably watched more Cooper Flagg than almost anyone. No, that's definitely not true. I don't have a ton of time for college hoop right now. I've watched, I don't know, two full games and some Boston College seemed to not like him a couple weeks ago. They were letting him have it elbow him in the face.


Well he's A dukey. He's a perfect Duke guy. I thi thi this is where I, I wish guys could stay, had to stay for a couple more years. Especially, especially at Duke. Just because I want to get the hate up for Cooper flag, but one year's not enough. Yeah, you're right. It just doesn't feel, he won't know what I mean that He's a main guy though for me. Like I'm just gonna have a hard time being anti like why would, like, would I hate Duncan Robinson? I couldn't do that. New Hampshire guy Duncan Robinson is a good dude. Did he be the first, what was it? The first white American, white American since 1976. I wanna say drafted one overall Cooper The white flag. Yeah. Yeah. We were on this a few years ago, which is kind of weird that we were on this, but we were, That'd be the first white American drafted number one.


Overall we were Like, this is our future. But think about it. We did that thing. Beard White flag would also be a much better name for a French player. Well, by the way. Yeah, it would. And I hate the whole capture the flag thing that they're doing for like, you know, the suck for luck they're doing Capture the flag. It's lame. Yeah, I don't like that. Yeah. Yeah. There haven't been any good ones that I've heard yet. I don't think. I just, I haven't, I haven't heard anything that's all that great. I would root for the New England guy no matter what. But we look, the white guys have had a weird stretch in the NBA. Yeah. And there was a time when you were like, okay, who are the five white American guys?


One through five? And like dudes would get to four going, is it still Doug McDermott who we love? Shout out to Doug McDermott. Yes. Doug McBuckets. I, This is, you know, Trump's back in office. Flag goes one, you know, you gotta wonder, you had that Baron, Baron Trump could, he could also go one next year. The That's true. That woman in the Walmart ad with Busta rhymes around Christmas when she dropped the verse at the end. Yep. So things are, I don't know. I don't know where we are on the pendulum. It's All happening. Wait, so would you, so you don't know totally. You haven't watched enough. But like it, the way that people talk about him and people you trust, like is he one of those guys that's like guaranteed he's gonna be awesome in the NBA because that does happen and you know, in the draft every couple years where you're like, okay, like Zion, But Zion, if he played No, I'm Joking.


Zion's not that guy. Yeah. Well Yeah, but I mean the thing is is like the more you really dug into like Zion Yeah. When he was at Duke, I mean, not that it was breaking news 'cause everybody knew he was going number one, but I think for me there was this whole other level of like, oh my God. Yeah. Like this is gonna be awesome. And the thing is, is once he played, he was that dominant of a player and you didn't really have to do anything with him except just make sure there was a little bit of spacing for him, which they could have with this new version of the team, but whatever. I don't think he's talked about like, we're coming off a win yma Right. Deal. Right. Where the buildup to that, even though Flag has been on everybody's radar here for a couple years, and I think that there's the other two guys that are kind of part of the conversation, like you'll hear every now and then of somebody.


So I don't think it's this unanimous praise, but I'm, if I'm comparing to Mbma, MBMA is the, yeah. It's not fair. Most anticipated pick since LeBron. Yeah. So it's been 20 years. So this is not one, I have not watched him enough. I don't feel comfortable talking about it based on what I think. And I think it's been assumed that he's the number one guy and for good reason. 'cause he's si the size and the athleticism and, and a little bit more of the vision where it's not just, he's the straight scorer. But I mean, look, you've watched him more than I have. So He's he's very good. He's very, very good. And I also appreciate that you were like, Hey, I didn't watch, so I can't, I can't give an expert opinion. We're the opposite. I think you agree. PFD he's probably the best prospect ever. Oh yeah. Number one. Yeah. Do you think that's sort of part of that like prideful nationalism that you're feeling right now?


No, I, no, I've, no, I don't know what you're talking about. What's prideful nationalism? Oh, so wait, I had another question about Cooper Flag too. Oh yeah. Why? No, no. I don't have any answers for you. I, I think, I think you'll find this interesting. He's got a twin brother. Oh, I didn't know that. Riley Cooper. That is Interesting. He's got a twin brother. I think they might, I don't know if they're identical, but they're, he's also like big, Hey, He's huge. He's in the stands. He wears his jersey. That's his identical twin Or his twin brother. Yeah. They he plays basketball too. He's not very good. Well I guess he's not as good. Well, he is in the stands. They did, they did an article about it, I think it was in The Athletic a couple months ago. But it was like twins. It was like, this guy kind of stinks at basketball, but his brother's really good. How does he live?


And damn, we should do an episode where it's like, interview Cooper Flag's brother Trevor Lawrence's Brother. You gotta go opposite. You gotta go like Trevor Lawrence's brother where you're like, I'm just gonna do something totally different than what my brother is Ace Flagg. Is that his name? Ace Flagg. That's a pretty cool name. Yeah, But it's not, He's not twins. Oh, they are twins. Twins. What? And he's not even playing. He's not very good. He's, he's transferred around a bunch. I think he's like a Well how Is he transferred if they're same age? Maybe it was high school. Okay. He moved a couple different schools. Yeah. He was committed or he is committed to Maine. I don't know. Yeah. I mean, that's gonna be tough. That's gonna be tough. You Don't know anything about Cooper Flag? Let's ask about his twin brother. Yeah, I know.


I didn't, I didn't know. I just always feel like no matter what, you know, your mom's going like, Hey, your path is different and Yeah. You know, it's, you're special in your own way and you're like, yeah, my brother's gonna be the number one pick in the draft. So Yeah. Yeah. Just become best friends in what? So I, I think Cooper reclassified so that he could go to college early. Oh. So that's Why. So he's still in high school, So he's still in high school. Got it. That's why he's committed to Maine. Got it. I'm like 80% sure that that's, that's what happened. Got It. I like, that's, that's really producing by Max. I got a question for you about the NBA as a whole. Is the NBA in trouble? Good question. Trouble how so? I can answer it properly.


I don't know. I I, I'm not a ratings guy, but it does feel like, I don't know the league I, The ratings are down, the ratings Are down, raises are down. The ratings are down. And it feels like there's obviously the team, there's a few teams that can win every year. There's not as much parity. And there's also, I don't know, like when you turn on a game in the middle of February, is it the best product? I don't know. I mean the three point, the, the debate about the three points where it's like, hey, everyone's just chucking constantly. Is the NBA in trouble? I'm gonna sound like somebody who loves the NBA and therefore is gonna protect it. But I think what I would do, because you know me, is that I would like defend something against what I think are bullshit arguments.


One, the first ratings quarter that was destroyed by everybody went up against all of our election coverage. Okay. In the most important election of our time was the tease. I Believe democracy Was at stake. Do you realize I've been alive for every one of the most important elections of our time. Yeah. That's fucking incredible, man. I mean that's, I'd be that lucky. Yeah. Carter Reagan there. That was the one was, yeah, I was, I was there for that and I was like, shit. And then the next year in four years, excuse me, the next election, they were like, no, this is, and I was like, I'm on the hottest fucking streak of elections of anybody you you've ever known. So I think that that was a little unfair. I think the three point thing, even though there's nights where I kind of feel that way, I also don't Ms. Mark Jackson post ups.


It took 17 seconds. Yeah. I think whenever people start comparing like all these clips of like what it is today, what it is back then like yeah. Every Jordan clip looks fucking awesome. You know what, there was also a million other games that Tuesday night that sucked. Yeah. And weren't as visually appealing as that clip. But why are we comparing that clip to a full slate of games on a Tuesday? I also think that there's a very, like I've talked about this before, it's the polling of one and it's not just one, but it's still a really small sample size of people who be like, I haven't watched it since they did that bubble woke shit. And it's like, okay, is that true? Like in that moment you went group economics jersey, which again was stupid, but you went group economics jersey and you were like, that's it, I'm fucking out on these guys now. Those people were never in.


Right. That person exists Certainly. And that person loves telling you that they exist. Correct. They've done all of those things. But what I would argue is, did that make you change the channel or did you already change the channel and now you love pointing to that as the reason why you've already done something. Bingo. Yep. Okay. Same thing happened with all the Kaepernick shit. Right, right wing people going like, I'm never watching that sport again. And remember there was a bit of a ratings dip and there was decline and right wing media was all over it being like C, C, C. Alright, well at some point there's going to be some ebbs and flows of ratings and all that kind of stuff. So look, if you tell me, alright Ryan, compare the finals to 10 years ago finals. Well am I comparing it to LeBron and Steph in that window? I mean, you know, we're also talking about LeBron and Kauai. We're talking about Steph going up against LeBron and that one where everybody kind of got hurt in the entire series.


So is that the best way to do it? I'd also ask people like, have you ever cared about sports or games or teams, you know today, the way you did 20 or 30 years ago, right? But do you care about movies the same way? Do you go to, how many times did you go to the movie theater this year? How many times did you used to go? Is there an appointment viewing on television? Is there anything that's like the Sopranos, so many options. Yeah. Right. Like remember the Sopranos? You stopped what you were doing. You made sure your, my TV went out right? Watched it live. You made sure your food was ready to go, whatever you were grabbing. Like I'm sitting like nothing is disrupting this moment. I don't know if those moments exist anymore. So I think the NBA has some things aesthetically about it that are concerning. I think there's some ratings intel that is, is a, a small piece that if it were to continue is alarming.


But I also think there's just so many people that love dunking on that league for a variety of different reasons that I think it becomes really skewed coverage. I think the NHL is down 28%. Yeah. Is it too woke? Like of course not. It's, It's also like the NFL just Is swallowing everything. It is. I mean that's why they're going to 18 games. That's why they were like, you know, know Christmas football family. No, it isn't. You're just like, fuck the NBA. We could do Anything which, which Is within their rights to do. I think at one point we'll have NFL on every single night. I think that's what their goal is and that's what they'll look to do. So that will rock. Yeah. Nobody's lost money on a team in like 40 plus years. They want to add more teams 'cause people want to get into the business. The television contract was re reported to come in like 3 billion less than it actually did.


So think maybe, maybe looking at traditional ratings, like as much as you can go, oh, look at that, or look at that number. Or this product sucks. Or all these different things. I think the global part isn't discussed enough. I think the new consumer and the younger consumer, the idea of sitting down at 25 years old and watching a two and a half hour game start to finish is like absurd to them. Agreed. So I think there's a lot of factors here, but I think unfortunately the loudest voice is usually the one that already hates the NBA telling you this league is dying. And I don't think that's true. And I think most of the people that are saying, I used to watch the games change so much, I can't watch this shit anymore there, you know, they're like 45 and above, I would say for the most part. And of course you like shit that you got to watch when you were 20 years old better than the stuff you get to see when You Yeah. Right.


I mean you ask that guy to be like, like going to Vegas still and he'd be like, Ugh, no shit. Right? Like yeah. The, the Steph LeBron KD thing too I think is important. 'cause they're in a transition and this happens in the NBA, it happens every league where it's like these guys are getting older. They were, they had this run that is, you know, LeBron's 20 plus years. Yeah. I don't think the n NBA's in trouble. I just, 'cause I still love, I mean the Playoffs especially, I love the playoffs. I think there's just the, the, the biggest, the best argument I think you made is there's just so much stuff now and it's so hard to capture like a massive attention unless you're football. I can never tell if I'm like the best TA taste like, I should have screwed this up.


Yeah. You're the best. You are the best. Just stop. You have the best taste. Thanks guys. If I am the one you should listen to or the one you should listen to the least because I'm watching no matter what, right? This is my job, right. I have a good job. I have a good life. I'm lucky to have the life that I have. Okay. But there are times where when I'm watching all these games and there's all these stoppages and they add a challenge and you know, they have the timeout before the three minutes and everybody's figured out and all this stuff, like the dramatic back and forth moment. And it's happened in football too, where it's like, is that the game winning touchdown? Oh my God, it's the game winning touchdown. Wait, let me wait for a review and now I'm excited. But there's no way the excitement after the delay of what you think of happening, you seeing the replay and getting confirmation, there's no way that excitement ever match what we used to have in that moment where you were like, this is like, oh my god, it happened.


And basketball, as much as I love the NCAA tournament, like there can be a score and scenario where you get maybe that possession, possession, possession moment, but it feels like it never happens anymore in basketball. And I think that's a, a problem except they just are gonna tell the TV partners like, yeah, we'll figure out a way to get another stoppage in there. Yeah. You, you know, college football, like, we can't call it a two minute warning, but we'll call it two minute timeout. That's pretty good. Yeah. 'cause you know, we're our own thing. It's like No, we'll just call it the extra stop because ESPN just renewed the package. Yeah. I actually think they should ban following up three. I'm up for any of the, the Elam ending thing. No relation to Matt. I thought like at first, like a lot of people like, oh whoa, that'll change everything.


Okay. Yeah. Like I would love to have those dramatic back and forth moments. Like I think baseball may actually provide the best drama tension. Play off baseball. 'cause you can't disrupt it, right? Yeah. The way you right. Disrupt these game winning football plays and all the basketball stuff. So when I say like, I can't tell if I'm the best of the words. Like I can be on game seven and I'll know like, oh, here we get another stop. We get all this stuff and like I start dicking around. I'm looking at my phone, maybe I'm like looking up something like, what is Deandre Hunter shooting? You know, like I'm sitting there and then I look up and like four plays have happened because I'd already kind of like removed myself from paying attention to the game. So I'm like, if I'm doing that, what the hell is somebody doing right.


That doesn't do this for a living. Right? Yeah.


We'll get back to SIL in a second. He's brought to you by the farmer's dog this year. Healthy habits don't only apply to humans. Give your dog a fresh start too. The farmer's dog makes feeding real healthy dog food easy and convenient. And your dog will absolutely love it. Blake loves the farmer's dog. He leads me downstairs. He knows exactly where to go. It's dinner time, it's breakfast time. Time to eat. Stella is a farmer's dog dog as well. Both these pups are living happy, healthy lives because of the farmer's dog. It's a big part of it. The pre-portioned meals are personalized for your dog's needs. So it's simple to help your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight. If you've ever thought about making the switch, now is the time it's made from human grade real meat and veggies that are gently cooked with the safety and quality standards of human food. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, and full years together. You can get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/pmt to get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/pmt.


Illa is also brought to you by a roxon. Let's talk about the elephant in the room. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and up experience ed. That means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it. That's why I wanna tell you about this new ed treatment gel called Oxon. It's the first ED treatment gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter. While it might not work for everyone, studies showed success in over 60% of men. The best part, no prescriptions or online questionnaires are needed. Why wait, try rocks On today available in stores and online. Visit a roxon US to learn more. That's E-O-X-O-N. Do us to learn more.


Now here's more. Ron Resc. What team's in the worst spot Right now? I think Charlotte's actually in a pretty bad spot, even though they've done a good job of, 'cause they've gotta make a Lalo decision. Yeah. You know, I mean I looked it up the other day. His shots per 100 is the highest we've seen since Kobe Bryants in 2006. Well, Lam's just the same player as Kobe. Yeah. It was like he's the number one fan voting like, like if I were ever, if I were to ever get in an argument with somebody who's a Hornets fan, I'd be like, do your parents know you have the phone?


So Hornets are in a bad spot. We're spot bulls are in a terrible spot. Well I think the Hornet's in like a weird Atlanta hawk spot where it's like we have this attraction And we have something we can put on billboards And we have something that gets the fans excited. He sells jerseys and everything. Like money. Yeah. Is this really going? It's Never gonna work. Yeah. Can you explain to me why we're still doing Allstar weekend and why that's a big thing? Yeah. I think it's a huge corporate thing. Yeah. What happens at Allstar weekend? What? What kinda conversations Going? I don't go anymore. You're Not going this year. Where is it this year? It's San Francisco I think. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Well with the no game week thing. I did the live show in Utah two years ago and then I went, why am I working? There's no games. Right? Like, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take some of this time off.


So I went to, I went to Aspen last year. It's pretty nice. Yeah, I've heard. Yeah. Very nice. It's rich. Yeah. A lot of rich people. PFT. How Was the powder? Is that a cocaine joke? It was. It was trying to fuck with me. But also ski. I'm just really excited that Josh al on the MVP. You think I was pumped? He was dialed in, could barely sleep. No, He was nervous too. But before they announced he was grinding his teeth, he was like, come On. Oh it's gotta be Josh. My platter feels small. I gotta go to the bathroom again. I, I don't know man. I We're not even on a, no, It's kind of like a mini Superbowl week to be honest with you.


Yeah. I say they try to market it like a mini Superbowl week. Yeah. But every year it's the same thing where it's like, oh yeah, shit. The weird skills competition's on and the dunk contest. That's gonna suck us here. I do love though, when people complain about the Allstar game sucking now it's like, okay, you were that invested before. It's Unwatchable. I don't watch it. I mean, I can't even tell you the last time I watched an NBA Allstar game. I don't watch it. I think it's for kids. I think it's for kids. I think it's for corporate sponsorships. I think it's like whatever we deal with every night of like your options in New Orleans or Super Bowl week. It's like, I can go to this party, I can go to this dinner and like, there's plenty of shit I can't even get into. But like if you go to the hotel lobby at the Four Seasons and you're like, cool, I'm gonna see like 20 people. I don't get to see unless I come to this every single year. Right. So to me it's a mini version of that for NBA people complaining about the game.


I it's just not fixable. It's, it's not fixable. 'cause these guys do not give a shit. There has always been something about basketball that's bothered me is that if you're good, it's like lame to try at times. Like the guy who's really good in a pickup game. Yeah. That's almost thinks it's insulting to try against you. Yeah. And you're like, this is way more insulting than you killing us. You're really good and now you're pretending you don't care just in case somebody were to cross you up or somebody were to stick a three in your face. Like this is your never look uncool moment. Yeah. That's why none of guys do the dunk contest. That's why some of guys won't do the three point thing. That feels like a shot at Mark Titus. Oh, Why We're talking about Mark. No, I'm just kidding. He, no, he actually does try when we put pick up, he just kills all of us. I could see him being A knot, but he's way than All of us.


I could see him being a not try guy. So No, He try. No, what he does Is he he he reminds you. No, He, he gets into the game and he's a not try guy. And then as soon as the game starts he's like, wait, I'm trying and I'm gonna win. And he wins. He's good. I can't imagine how good he is. Yeah. I mean if you're good enough to walk on or was it an, was it an offer? It's, I think it was a walk on, but he just, he can hit every, every time there's an open three. He's big too. I just saw him in the hallway. Yeah. Did you know he got drafted by the globe? Trotters. Dead serious. I didn't Know that. Dead serious. Look at the Harlem Globe Trotters Wikipedia page feels Like notable draft higher though. No, it does. Yeah, definitely It does. And but I think he thought they would do these draft picks every year as like a promo thing like press release.


Look who we drafted. And Mark had like a YouTube channel at the time. So they just wanted to include his name and be like, Hey we drafted Mark Titus. You've seen him on YouTube. He's funny. And then Titus was like, yeah, okay, yeah, I'll show up and play. And they're like, oh, oh you're taking it seriously. And Tesla was like, fuck yeah, I got drafted by the Globe Trotters, I'm gonna play for Harlem Globe. Globe Trotters. Yeah. It didn't work out. First White American to be drafted by the Harlem Globe Trotters ever. Wow. God you're all over these white. I just made that one up. That one was invented. But it's probably also true. Those are the best stats when you just make something up and you're right. It sound true. Have you, have you ever gotten lucky with a take? Like you say something and then later on you're like, fuck, that was a stupid thing to say and then it comes true later.


No, It's a pretty good feeling. All your takes are right. Like we said Josh Allen's gonna be the eventually Yeah, Yeah. You do have a high rate of, eventually you have a very high rate of just wait. Yeah. And then it Turns to be Right. I have, they're at the gates and it's like, no way you're gonna be right. No way you're gonna be right. Like the trade in bead thing I got killed for. Yeah, you were right. I haven't, I haven't brought this up yet. It's Super Bowl week. Thanks for not breaking it up Us the first time ever. We won't bring it up. But what? But you were Right. What? What the fuck do they do? Sulk. That's it. I mean indeed is like he doesn't, what was the stat? The, you Said something. It was he, if you look at the course of their careers, Tom Brady has a better chance of making it to the Super Bowl in any given year than Joelle and Bead does of playing a game on game night.


Yeah. Right. That's what it was. Percentage of games that he is actually played. Yeah. Yeah. Percentage of Super Bowls that Brady played in during his career. Yeah. It's fucking crazy. It's nuts. Yeah. There was that other set that was like, it was side by side. It was like Joel and Bead 450 games played 415 minutes. Yeah. No it was his first, it was his 400th game that he missed. Oh yeah. Yeah. So they put the graphic up like when he got to 400 dudes were making a graphic like it was an accomplishment. Yeah. I've always been kind of like protective of him and I was out once he started fiving the Olympics, I was like, are you fucking serious dude? Like I got mad. Yeah. I was mad at home by myself because I didn't, nobody wanted to come over and watch me watch the Olympics during the day. Like, hey, you said something about maybe getting a drink one time.


I was like, did you want to watch them play Serbia? It's gonna be a good game. Yeah. I, I got so frustrated and look, I think MBE played for team USA because he gets a gold medal, adds to the legacy 'cause it's like, it's probably not that likely that he's winning a title at any point. There's arguments that I would hear about, you know, harden's meltdowns Simmons having an absolute meltdown in that Atlanta series. Just being shot and thinking like who has been able to rely on, but you know, whether it's like there was a situation this week like, or not this week. This season we're going through all the hell stuff. And by the way, when he had been playing during that stretch, he didn't look right. Okay. Even though he is putting up numbers, he doesn't look right.


He doesn't move unless he has the basketball. So you hope he's hurt. And he was hurt 'cause that's why he shut it down again. The newest news about his knee. And then I just like, why were you guys in a hurry to even do this extension with him on top of everything else that you already owe him. But when he basically like sat out the Cleveland game and then played in the Charlotte game, I'm like, dude, I, I can't, I can't do it anymore with you. Yeah. I can't do it anymore with you. And maybe After all he is done for the city. Yeah. I do feel like we're getting closer to the sit down with whoever it is at ESPN. It's like a countdown. Maybe it's Malika or something and it's mb sitting there in the stool and it was like, when did you know it was over for you?


In Philadelphia? Yeah. And then it's like black and white footage of like him yelling at the ref or him yelling at a reporter or the quote saying like, I've done so much for the city. I If you were to say this story, like which course it's on. I don't know that redemption feels like the one that's more likely Land on. I love, I love those interviews too because they always sit so close together and they zoom out and they're just in an empty room. Yeah. You like, why are you guys need to need That's the Jeff Darlington Special. Yeah. I, I was talking to Darlington last night. He's like, remember when you guys talked about my interview with Antonio Brown and said I was dick to dick with him? He was. Yeah you were. It was Dick To Dick. It was an ge an enormous room. And they were just dick to dick. Yeah. Just like right next to each other. It was closer than me and Dick cat Are he is the things we notice.


Yeah. Nah, I know. You ever gone dick to Dick with a guy? Huh? I'm trying to be sincere and think about like, Have you Dick to Dick. I don't know. There's some pledging shit. I'm not psyched about. Max, do you have any comments about Ryan's comments regarding Joel and Bead? I don't know. That's my, that's my Take. That's A good take. Your take should be birds right now. Yeah. Your take Birds. Birds take should be birds. But you Yeah, I mean it's, it's a, it feels like a dumpster fire. If you had to guess, how do you think the sixth or season ends this year bad Mean? It's gonna be good. What do you mean? You like they're gonna beat somebody in the plan.


Yeah. I mean that's not, if they're all healthy and they're all ready to go. Honestly. Like even with all the MBI stuff, 'cause he's the guy, he's supposed to be the franchise guy. There's a bit of me too that's just so sick of all the MB propaganda people over the years where it's like, you know, you guys are being such dicks about the Yoic thing when MBI was never better than him. He deserved to win the MVP. I'm fine with it. I never thought MBI was the better basketball player if you voted for Yoic that year for MVPI couldn't necessarily tell you you were wrong. Like sometimes I still kind of think about like, you know, did MBE prioritize the MVP and that's why you felt like you went in that direction and Yoic kind of not giving a shit the last few weeks of the season. Was that the deciding factor? You know, I don't know. That wasn't an easy vote a lot of the years for me. I haven't had a vote that long.


It hasn't been something where I'm like, yep, perfect score. Totally right. Zero arguments against any of this stuff. But I I, that wasn't even Joel's fault as much as it was the people around him pushing this thing where it wasn't like just sticking up for your guy was shitting on Yoic so much. And that really, really bothered me. 'cause I can't understand how anybody could spend their life in basketball and watch these two dudes play and think that it's the same thing. Yeah. And I also think the MBE fowl hunting stuff that Darrell loves 'cause he loved it with Harden and all these guys. Oh look at your true shooting. Look at your efficiency. Like look at all this stuff. Look at your points per 100 and all this. It's crazy. He doesn't play basketball naturally anymore. He's always thinking about like, how can he get the contact?


How can he fall? Like there's a very choppy way that he goes about it, but then it's like, oh, he had 34 and 12 again. He must be fucking awesome. Yeah. And I think that stuff is easier to pull off in the regular season. I think there are times, even though he had that 50 against the Knicks, there were times he was not comfortable with the basketball late. He still stinks when like a double comes to him. So yeah. I'm just, I'm over it. And even with all that said, Paul George is Tobias Harris with better branding. Whoa. Yeah. I mean they're all back tonight. First time back in forever. Great. Let's go. Oh yeah. But like Paul George, Paul George, I know he had a better January, but like off key, he, he needs to be a dude while MB is out through all of this.


And instead he's totally comfortable getting his ISO 17 footer up. 'cause he's so talented and it's great and like all the shit that he can do. But like there's, there's no like consistent flow. I he just like, where's the aggressiveness? Like it's, you're being tasked with, get them through this really tough stretch and he wanted nothing to do with it from what I saw. Yeah. All right. Well barely played. He was hurt. He it was maxi the whole time. Yeah. And then Maxi took like 25 shots a game. And you know, I don't think his numbers are a true reflection of like, I don't think he's a declining player. Obviously he was just going for it. You know, He was the only, it was the only way to to score they needed him and Yabu. They should have been selling at the deadline. Whatever.


I'll stop talking, but they're gonna losing the plan, losing The plan prediction. Which is is I I'm with you too. That's another take that you have the, the more playoffs. I hate the plan. I think it's stupid 'cause it just gives more franchises a chance. And the bulls are specifically that where it's like, are you Talking Hoosiers football right now? What Hoosiers football? Yeah. All we Competed against Notre Dame. They Did, they were, they lost final score By 10 score. I did see the final score. Yeah. I've never seen a final score more to be honest with you. Yeah, Yeah. You have. I'm sure people made you aware of that final score a lot. But the playing game Game, the most impressive final score on the losing side in the history of fucking sports. It Was a great, great like, great Final score. The way that sig got that game to be engineered as a 10 point loss is beautiful.


Very impressive. Did you see when he posted his own AP voting results where he had Indiana slash Penn State four Penn State slash Indiana five? No. That's cool. You haven't seen that? No, I haven't seen that. Jesus, I, I gave sig one year where I'm like, I'm glad that he got a a, a power five job. Like that's cool. If we're gonna be a stepping, that's your guy. If we're gonna be a stepping stone, I want to be the best stepping stone. Right. So like he keeps raiding him. I I want him to go to Indiana. Put Indiana in a great place. That would be awesome for JMU. I think I gave him one year and then he continues to raid the JMU players. No, I have to wash my hands of them. But the plan's bullshit.


The plan is not something I'm in favor of. But I think back to kind of the ratings discussion, like March Madness right now is one of the best products in all the sports. Right. We agree. It translates over to the person that would never care about this. And even though the regular season of college of basketball has, I don't even know what the declining numbers are there, but I mean, it's just true. Like I don't watch a ton of it anymore. But when I do dabble, I can't believe how bad the product is. There's no continuity. I love whatsoever. I love that. I love That about it. That's great. That's great. But it's there, there are nights where you're like, oh yeah, are they gonna score? No, It's bad basketball. What, what is going on here? Yeah, I I I don't really know. You know, you can't team build for a lot of the programs.


Right? At least a lot of the ones on TV with the higher profile players and you know, I, I like the one and done stuff because I just think it's the right thing to do. I think not having to go to college at all would be the right thing to do. I just think it's wrong to tell people like you can't just go, yeah, pursue this because I don't know, whatever. That's a whole different discussion. But college hoops when I've watched it over the years, even though I liked it more than the NBA when I was younger, it's, it's a tough watch, but at least they have this moment. And what you're seeing with what Silver is doing is the play in was we have this moment, the in season tournament, which is now the Emirates Cup. That's a moment.


And it actually wasn't very disruptive. And some of those games this year were terrific. Yeah. So I think what you, your goal is like baseball's goal is okay, make fun of how long our season is. We don't give a shit. We're selling 162 game inventory six months of the year and it rates really, really high in local markets and all the local market stuff like this is a product they can put on and pull a better number than reruns a fucking Wheel of Fortune maybe, I don't know, wheel A fortune's pretty popular. But with college basketball, like they have their moment. I think the baseball playoffs are incredible, but that might just be their moment. Like you're never gonna be able to compete what the NFL is. But because soccer, I think silver's so influenced by a lot of the international soccer stuff, I think that they want to have these moments that they can sell and package in a different way.


Like as extra inventory. So I don't like the play in, there's gonna be teams that have no business be like, you just had this season you had and now you get another chance of potentially getting the playoff. Like in the times that Steph's been eliminated, you're like cool. Yeah, great. Like, and the owners can just sell it like, oh yeah, we made the plan. And like, oh yeah, that, yeah that's Bullshit. That's like when they talk about expanding the the tournament, you just go, no, you don't need to do it. But then the coaches argue for it and it's like, do you guys want to argue for it? So you can say like, oh you know the bull, They made the tournament four years in a row. Gimme my extension bull Eligible the last five years. Yeah. You're like, dude, You know by The way, what Johnny's are good. Johnny's are really good. Your defense is legit. I was looking at some numbers the other day and their, their profile is like, you know, you can do, you can, I think it's on Kenpo, you can basically do or might might be Bart Turik.


You can do like what do they most look like in terms of tournament teams? And it was like an Elite eight or a Final Four team. Johnnys are good People. Knock the schedule. Maybe you can help me out with Patino a little bit because family goes way back on the father's side of the Providence ties. And when Rick was the head coach of that Providence Fires team, this is a little early for you guys. Pop Lewis, Billy Donovan. I had a T-shirt that said Rick Pitino for president. I think I was like nine that age. Well yeah, He was gone. Went to the Knicks family. Despised him. Yeah. And then, oh he left the Knicks. Right. Kentucky worked out, worked out pretty well.


Went to Boston family, despised him even more after that. And then Louisville, You know Louisville then everything else that goes with it. A lot of stops. I know you guys have some history with it too. But I would be tempted because I'm excited potentially about like the St. John's right? 'cause the guy can coach. I mean he's unbelievable. But I did the Celtics documentary for Bill and HBO and I came in and did the Patino years and I wasn't nice. So I feel guilty about being in the documentary and then being offered Patino and being like, let's talk St. John's. Oh, but by the way, like I wasn't sweet about your Celtics run that's going to be in the documentary.


So me and Big Cat had a similar situation And We, I think it was nastier than what I Potentially Yeah, we, we said some things about his penis over the years. Yeah. I'd never talked about his penis in the doc. Yeah. So we just did, we, we heavily did that was most of our petino content actually was the whole ejaculatory system. Are you guys even gonna do this again right now? Or do you feel like you No, no. You've worked Through it. I'm just saying we had, we had 'em on And we basically said, we've said bad stuff About it And we buried the hatchet. Yeah. You just have to tell guys, Guys are good at that. Yeah, we are. You have to tell 'em to their face. And then Rick somehow, like Rick gets it. He'll, he'll laugh a little bit. He might still hate you a little bit, but he, he'll laugh about it. You just gotta be like, I was a dick to you about the Celtics documentary. But at least they didn't talk about your balls. Yeah. He'll be like those PMT guys, they really suck.


Maybe I start with that. Yeah, You should. He'd probably be like, yeah, you're right. No, but they're good though. They're, they're good. They're gonna be a, a force in the, in the Tournament. I told somebody that at, at the party last night. They said, who do you like in college basketball? I said, I like what Rick Petino has got going on. And they just laughed at me and walked away and I was like, I'm actually, I think I'm right. No, you, You are. Yeah. Wait, Which party? CAA party. Yeah. Who Would, who would laugh at that response? I don't understand. I don't know. How could you be that like offended by it or entertained by the absurdity of It is very weird. My guess is that he thought I was making a Patino joke 'cause history with Patino. Now I, now I'm talking to why would he ever, he probably laughed and he wasn't laughing at me.


He was probably like, oh that's so funny. Classic PFT ha ha ha like it's not even a joke but he was like, oh PF t's talking about Patino again. But I was serious. Yeah. Yeah. I think we got to the bottom of that one. Who, Who is your favorite player that people wouldn't think of? Like not you know, a yoic Weby to watch night to night? Put us onto someone. Put us onto someone. You know who I really like is Aaron Wiggins, Oklahoma City. Okay. No, he is not a superstar. Not even close but does his job. And there'll be stretches with the thunder where I'm like, God, I think I really like Aaron Wiggins. Not Andrew.


He was trader. Yep. Okay. Aaron Wiggins, speaking of trades and where Wiggins is now, is that now where the rookie for Miami from Indiana. He's been terrific since he's been a regular part of the rotation. I've been really excited about Scoots resurgence. Okay. Tough first year for my guy was very invested, had some takes that were watered regularly. Not showing a lot of life. That's a great way to put it. Still A Great way. Still some limitations on the rim finishing and not being like, you know, he's like Oh he is not Derrick Rose.


You're like, well this is the reason why we were so enthralled with Derrick Rose. 'cause he was Derrick Rose. But Scoots been really good. Scoots put together like a nice five or six weeks here. What else are you looking for? Are you looking for like Isaiah Stewart who I think would fight people. I appreciate that. I love what Cade has done this year. I actually think the Wizards with Kula B and Bub and even George A. Little bit. I guess you could throw Sar in there a little as as the number two pick. Like they stink but they play really hard. There's like a few guys in that Wizards team that play I love Pub. Yeah.


So I wouldn't, I don't know that, you know, somebody's like, Hey what do you wanna do tonight? Hey I'm gonna stay in. 'cause we're still to the Wizards plague with a lot of activity, so, so let's do that. Been really happy with Mobley but I don't know if he'll hit like some of the scenes, like Simmons was so crazy about what Mobley could do when he started comparing him to Duncan or Kg. Then you kind of are like, well I like him but I don't like him that much. Right. And then you make makes it feel like you're dissing a guy that you actually like. Like the Strokes. Like you like the strokes Big Cat I likes, but like the way PFT talks about the strokes, you're like Jesus Christ. It wasn't that like the run wasn't that long. No, I'm just, we whenever I say that, I'm actually making a Patino joke. There it is.


So you're never having him back on. No, we will. Yeah we will Stroke. That would be kind of nasty. We still what? That would be kind of Na, you guys could LSU me. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We'll, We'll we'll let you have him on first bash us and then we'll come on and be like yeah, that Silla guy is losing his brain. I dunno what he said. I did go to the museum by myself. So I don't know that you'd be totally wrong on that. Who would be most likely in the media to have joined me if I had said, Hey, do you want to go to the World War II Museum? Probably me. Yeah. Or I would probably be the second or third option. No, I would never ask you to go that. 'cause you wouldn't do it. I would, it wouldn't be cool enough for you. I'm doing such cool stuff. I've been going to, I, I watch Wake Forest in, in Stanford till 1230 at night on Wednesday. And then was like, I'm so tired.


Why am I so tired? Oh yeah. You watch Wake Forest in Stanford. I'm the coolest. Did you win? I did win the over, I did not win Stanford. I bet Last night. Live odds. Love it. What? I was watching Celtics Mavs before I had dinner last night and Celtics were getting destroyed and normally I would be like, okay, well they're not gonna get killed like this bad. Let me look at the live odds. I, I feel like Hank has made like millions doing that. Yeah. Just betting the Celtics when they're down. Is he Sleeping back there? Is he asleep? I didn't even know he was in the room. I thought he was on his How long you been here? It's like every other day. Oh My God. Hank is sleeping in the back of the room sleeping.


Oh no, that's sound, that's his voice when you wake him up. That was so Funny for Sure. But yeah, he, every other night he's, he's like, Celtics are down. Just put a nuke on him. Yeah. And it worked out. He Just wins every time. Well it wouldn't have worked last night because it was like plus six and a half, minus six and a half when I looked at it and I thought the number was too small even though they were down 20. Yeah. So I was watching it and like I waited and I waited and I go, this might be just a mail it in night from these guys. And I ended up landing on the Mavs and they got up 27 and then won by seven. Celtics wanted a 14. Oh run. So you covered, I covered but from the point of like I'm so smart. Yeah. Right into a 14. Oh run. Yeah. Where you're like there's still four minutes in and all the backups are playing their ass off right now and Dallas has already shut it off Mentally.


I'm with Hank on that. Like I think if you watch enough I would look for live odds on the better team that's down. Yeah. Going. They're going to make the run. Like, let me see if, if they were minus seven before tonight, now I'm getting 'em at plus three. Like I think I just have to do that with a certain amount of time left in the game. But I actually hedged myself last night. It just felt good to be back in it. Yeah. Yeah. It does A TA 20 point lead in the NBA feels like nothing sometimes. Yeah. That went to 27. Yeah. That's crazy. I would text the guys whenever the wizards would be up by double digits. Be like, hey wizard up by 14 points, hammer the money line and it usually hit like 90% of the time on the other team. On the other team. Yeah. I wrote down a list of topics and it's just one topic that I think I would like to just hear your opinion on.


Nothing to do with basketball. Okay. But I just wanna let you cook on this. What are your thoughts on crypto? Oh Okay. I have no investments in crypto. I've thought about it a little bit more recently, but I think everybody does. They're like, ooh, it's at a hundred now it's at 106 now I feel like a fucking loser. I had to get my brains beaten in a bunch of different times with trades for me to then become numb to the ups and downs or that stupid math that you do when you invest. Where you're like, if I had only done this and then I had this many shares, like I used to do all that shit when I was younger. I've had some bad losses, I've had some nice wins. My wins have been bigger. Like my takes. Yeah, yeah. You know my wins. You know, it may not, you may not see how the path you get there and you're like, how the fuck's that gonna work out?


But then You Do, there's some, there's some losses I wish I could have back that ruin me emotionally for long stretches. But also when you're by yourself and you day trade and you have a fucking horrible, horrible stretch, there's no one to tell you how insane you're being. So you just accept your own demise. It's like Nico. Exactly. Yeah. It's just like Nico. He didn't have anybody to tell him. Yeah. He didn't have anybody to tell me. Like I remember I was on vacation once in Hawaii with a date and I checked the pre-market at like three in the morning 'cause I was so locked into it and I think I was down like half a million dollars because of just like this news. And I ran out onto the balcony and screamed motherfucker motherfucker motherfucker like a hundred times and she came running out.


She was like, did your father die? And I was like, no, it's worse Market. She's like, are you seriously setting your alarm to check the pre-market? So it was, I was pretty into it there for a little while. Anyway, crypto tried to read everything I could. Didn't understand it at the beginning like everybody else. Now I fully understand it. The problem was throughout the entire time the people I trust the absolute least were all the biggest people that were about crypto. Yep. So I missed the window or maybe the window still continues. I think the, the premise of it, it's utility. All of those things make a ton of fucking sense. So I believe in it except it is always scared the shit outta me.


Okay. That's a good answer. And I think that's a very, very good take. Yeah. Good job Ryan. How About you guys? Wait, what you just said? Yeah, that's as much research as I've done right there. Bought A, bought a Bitcoin in 2016. Don't know how to access It. I, I bought Doge as a joke. Pretty good turn though back in like 2020 or 2021 and then it went up like 7000%. But I only spent like 50 bucks on Doge. Yeah. I was just like, look, I got 50 bucks worth of Doge that turned into like, I don't know, four grand, which is pretty cool. Then it went down to like two grand. That's all I know about crypto. I Like real estate better. Some people put your hands on. I think It's more fun now. Other people, you Make new land, Sopranos, It's free real estate.


I just, even though people on the other side like love touching a button and then it's done. Yeah. Like now I have it all, whatever it says on the screen, I push a button and then I have it. And I totally understand. People are like, that's the only way I would want to do business. But I like real estate. 'cause I think it's a little like if I were to read all the materials and stocks and stuff and all the different options, I could read it all. I know that my full grasp of the understanding like, okay, so you now think like I'm just doing my own research. I don't need any help Schwab. I just, I don't know that I've ever felt like truly comfortable going, oh I've read about all this thing, this technology makes sense.


Like a lot of it feels like the winds can be common sense, but it's always common sense after the fact. At least with like different markets and real estate. I can go, this is a desirable place. I know what this house is. I know because I've looked at this town so many different times or I know people that live here or whatever. So I just think that's an easier understanding, even if it's certainly not any kind of guarantee. I can't believe we're on this right now. Yeah. Great Job. Do you have another one? No, that was the only topic. Oh yeah. Okay. You only, the only topic I want to hear, are You guys doing life advice without announcing also Having World War ii? But we covered that. Yep. Thanks for the Napoleon book. I haven't read a single page in the last what, a year, half and a half ago you sent it. Love is a distraction of The Warrior, but I'm, I'm taking it on vacation. It's a nice light vacation.


Read the biography of Napoleon. Yeah. Any of those books that are, that 700 pages, like the turnout stuff. Yeah. Daunting. The first 200 is where you fucking, that's the wax on wax off phase in the Movie. There's gonna be, there are gonna be several parts in the first I'd say 50 pages where I, I will be strongly tempted to throw the book away. I look, I love Chernow as much as any sports podcaster probably in the country. I put myself, I'm a one seed of Ron turnout fans. Yeah. Okay. And I know when I dig in I'm like, and I've already read 'em all. I think War Bugs the only one I haven't read. I'm like these first 101 80 be tough sledding Washington gets off to a burning start.


But he, but you know, like me these long-winded stories and answers, I'm like I have to give you the prologue before I can give you the answer. I'll get better one day I hope. But No you Won't. I can't. I don't want you To change. Yeah. This is the best. I Can't, the prologue is the best part. I need to know what George was like as a wrath scallion. You know, I need to know like what, and I think Chernow is the storyteller in the same case with Andrew Roberts and Napoleon. Like you've gotta learn that Napoleon was an awkward small dude, failed writer, maybe smelled chicks, didn't like him. Like no wonder he fucking ran a country. Yeah. In the world. Yeah. For a little bit there.


Like what's more motivating than never having chicks like you. Yeah. That's It. He was the first incel. He was, yeah. He's just tweeting away B minus tweet C plus stuff. Yeah. Apparently his writing like sucked. Really? Yeah. All right, well I'm gonna read.


Alright, Rollback question, last question. Alright. O bck.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code take, I know it's February. Give us your finals and your winner Thunder over Boston In Six seven Would be seven thunder. Get it at home.


Okay. Okay. Hank, what are your thoughts on that? I can see it happen. You can see, I can see it happening Is Are you leaving tonight? No, tomorrow morning. Oh, you're out tonight. No. Yeah. I have to, I have to stay night for dinner but then I'm, I got, I'm free. Is tonight tonight Neil Young? Yeah. Tonight's the night. Let's go tonight. Tonight. Yeah. I put two flights on Saturday. One a little way too early and then one a little. How early is the early one? I Think it's like 8:00 AM You could do it if you wanted to. 10:00 AM Yeah. But I also Flight, I also am not going home to sleep. Like, just be like, oh yeah, now I'm gonna come home and nap all day.


I can't imagine how hard you nap when you have kids. It's gotta be the best. You know what the, It's gotta be unbelievable. And like you turn your brain off the, The best thing that, like I just had this ability that came up from having kids is I can crush like a nine minute nap like you'd never believe. And it's just, and then I usually wake up and I'm like, yeah Hank, I usually wake up and I'm like, oh shit. I was supposed to be watching my kids. Do you ever wake up and go, Could see Hank? Yep. He might be in the night sleeping. He's a minute. Believe You sleeping that whole time. Be honest. It doesn't mean you don't love your wife or your family, but do you ever have a moment you're like, I don't wanna go back.


No. Honestly it's, it's like 24 hours after being away. I'm always like, I want to go back first 24 hours. If you, if you hit me in the first 24 hours you'd be like, yeah, this is pretty sweet. And then after 24 hours, like get me back. That's, that's how it always goes whenever we do these trips or go somewhere. Like if you, if you hit Monday night, went out dinner, all of us. It's awesome. It's like I don't wanna ever go back by Tuesday afternoon. I was like, get me the fuck outta here. This place can do it to you. But I think you guys have been here so many times and I, I know we're wrapping up here but we Love Louisiana. Everything about it. Yeah. The Colleges and I love that you guys like, I was like those guys really like it. I'll check it out. But once you get like south of pores, all you have to do is like walk five minutes.


Yeah. South of Canal. It's so cool. And you go, oh this is why like these people, it's not Yeah. That are like successful. Yeah. You know Big Cat known all these cats for a long time and he's like, I gotta introduce you to ow. And you see all these guys, Hey, Hey Todd Graves meet my friend Ryan Illa. No, I know. I mean that was huge for me 'cause I love chicken so much. But what I think is just so funny, he's like, you'll meet all these people and then people think that New Orleans is only Canal Street and like bourbon. Yeah. And they go, dude that place sucks. You're like, do you know there's other streets, there's there's other streets there. So many cool bars And spots. It's, it's awesome. I'm gonna work my way south. Okay. Alright. I'm, Which is up town, ironically. I'm In. Yeah, I'm staying.


Alright, we'll see each other tonight. Alright, Brian Illa, go subscribe to Ryan Illa podcast. He's the best. Have A new sub stack Here.


Hey live Studio audience with Hank Before We get to the lottery ball. Brought to you by our great friends at Planet Fitness. Everybody can get strong at Planet Fitness. They've got a high value membership that supports any fitness journey as low as 15 bucks a month. Planet Fitness has over 2,700 club locations. Most clubs are open 24 hours. It's a judgment free environment. They have best in class equipment. It's the same high quality equipment as other more expensive gyms. So you get a full workout from strength training to cardio, stretching. They've got it all there and it's very convenient. Open 24 hours. A lot of them. That means that depending on what your schedule is, sometimes it's not conducive to going to the gym. You can make it work with Planet Fitness. They won't judge you. They have friendly, welcoming staff, unlimited free fitness training. And they've got the PF app that has tons of free workouts. We've got a Planet Fitness gym here in the bar stool office. We got free weights, dumbbells, barbells. We have the cable towers, the chin up pull up Bar Smith machine. I was on the stair climber earlier today. Treadmill the core elevate thing. I like doing the upright rows with the barbells. Good workout always. You feel sore the next day in a great way. We're all strong on this planet. Join today in club online or on the free PF app Hours, amenities and offers Vary by club. Check out planet fitness.com or stop by your local club For more information. Must be 18 years old to enroll. Or you can be 13 to 17 with parent or guardian Numbers 1 5 61 11 3.


I'm gonna get it right now. What if you hit it right now me? Have you ever gotten this? I guess it one time. No you haven't. No you didn't. You didn't get it. Guessed it one time. Never. Fuck you. Oh, Hank. Oh, hey Hank, welcome one. That means I I, that means I'm hitting a hole in one this weekend. Whoa. Whoa. Jelly hurts. That's a great story. Hank. Congrats man. Hey, good job Hank. You got it. How many times you got James? If I could give this to you, I would. 'cause I already have. I've already got it. Wrist. You cannot, you can't. But if I could, I would. Memes, I want you to win. How many times have you gotten this Hank? I don't even know. Probably four. Three or four. And, and memes. You've never, I guess that right. One time. And Hank was the guy who never had gotten it.


Now look at him. It's so easy. Meme. It Took so long for Hank to get it. Oh man. He didn't even win. He didn't even stand up. That's so easy. No, it's like I want that, I want memes to feel it. It's just, it's so easy. The thing about Hank is he expects excellence. He says Wake me up at the, at the end of the show. Yeah, exactly. That's when it really starts. Alright, see everyone on Wednesday. Love You guys.