
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take life without football. We have all the boys back. Max is back in studio. We've got two great interviews for you. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver. We've never interviewed a commissioner, a sitting commissioner before. Very cool. And then we have our good friend Joe Burrow, who we interviewed at the end of Super Bowl week. We are gonna talk a little Super Bowl, fallout Max's Knight with the Eagles Hot Seat, Cool Throne Fire Fest.


And then we're going on vacation. And we'll have dungeon and dragons for you on Friday.


And we're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Hey, basketball fans. You ready to win real money? Check out. Pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts, DraftKings, pick six dunks on its rivals, including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you'll slam some higher minimum payouts on Pick six than flex plays on prize picks. And best of all, you'll win even more cash if you posturized the competition. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout switch to pick six in cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 in pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. The fun of the basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get 50 in, pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football guy. My my yeah. And my take.


Welcome to part of my take presented by Draftings. The fun of basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download DraftKings. Pick six app now and use code. Take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get $50 in, pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, February 12th, and we're out of football season. It was a sad realization, waking up on Monday, I think we all felt a little bit empty. I I, Monday night, I, I ate a bunch of Girl Scout cookies and I rewatched the Super Bowl. That's pretty good. And he was on tv. I like it. And I was just like, I need something to watch. And I just turned it on and I was like, I guess I'll just watch this again. I like that a lot. I I started to get back into shows again on Monday. Yeah. I watched the Night Agent. Ooh. And that's about, that's, it was very strange not having like sports bouncing around in the back of my head, constantly thinking about what's gonna happen in football. And then Tuesday comes around and thank God, or excuse me, Monday night comes around and thank God that the sports Gods decided to bless us with Luca's debut.


Yes, Luca, everyone's ready for Luca. Shout out LeBron for letting Luca be announced last. Yeah. Did you see that story? LeBron had it. He, he texted Luca and said, Hey, you know what, I'm gonna let you get introduced last. And then Luca's like, thank you so much, but you'll go last after this. I'm just gonna do tonight. And we now have everyone breaking down. Luca's smiles. I was Breaking down. There's a lot of tweets being like, look at Luca's smile. I saw that. I was also very confused by LeBron James. Yeah. We all know that LeBron James in the past has said a lot of things, sometimes confusing, but one thing that he said that was very clear was back in 2015 when he told his teammates kind of in a passive aggressive way online, stop trying to find a way to fit out and just fit in.


Yep. Apparently last night he told Luca, don't worry about fitting in, just go out there and fit out. Oh, nice. Wait, what? So I don't get it. Yeah. Well, I mean, it's reversed. He's just gotta fit out now. But that doesn't make any sense. He is, is he saying that he's outta fit, like outta shape? He he is outta shape. Look at all. Yeah. It is just a lot of people being like, Luca looks so happy. He's never been happier. He is never smiled before. Yeah. Luca's smiling on the bench after the first time out. That's probably because he is sitting and it's, it's, it's nice to set like painful for him to, to stand. 'cause he is so outta shape. He did look kind of big and pale in that Lakers yellow, didn't he? Yeah. I'm telling you. Lumbering up and down the court. Lack Of horror. But yeah, Luca and LeBron, they're officially a go Look at that smile.


It's so insane. How many people, so many, so many people talking about Luca's smile. He's been, yeah, he's been saved from the basketball Siberia. That is Dallas, Texas. Yeah. He never, he listen, he finally will get to play in the Playoffs this year. Yeah. Wait a second. Also the, did you guys see in Dallas? They finally started, so I think it was their second home game since the trade. They started letting fans actually be on the jumbotron again. And then a fan got kicked out. They were doing like a sing-along portion and they went to this guy, he was fake holding a microphone and he was singing, singing. And then he just looked dead into the camera and he just said, fuck Nico. Yeah, he got kicked out.


They kicked that guy out. Everybody in Dallas, like if they show you on the jumbotron there, you should say Fuck Nico. Oh, so funny. I like that a lot. So petty. Yeah. Luca, the Luca show. I, I'll tell you what, I think it might be Austin Reeves team. Mm. It's not Dalton Connects, if you wanna talk about body language. He did not look happy. Well, He had zero points last night. It was disgusting. No, they didn't. Even JJ Reddick probably did the right thing and said like, you don't have to worry about playing. Well, They, they're, it's like a, he said, she said they're contesting the Mark Williams physical. So there's still a chance that Dalton Connect. Well, They're also saying, oh, the, the Hornets wanted to trade for you. Like, we didn't want to trade you, but like, you know, business, They just wanted you so bad. So Charlotte, they're the ones that are contesting the trade.


They're like, no, he didn't feel the physical. Yeah. It's actually he's in the best shape of his life. Yeah, Yeah. So, which is now They also, they also came out with a Mark Cuban report, which was like, he really, you know, tried to convince Nico not to do it, but by the time he found out the deal was done. Yeah. Which I imagine like a movie like Mark Cuban fell to his knees in Walmart actually. Yeah. Yeah. Like wherever he was when he found that out, mark Cuban was, I Think he actually fell to his knees. Yeah. Mark Cuban was the woman when, when Trump in 2016. Yeah. No, Well, they told him Luca, they told him late. And Mark said that the biggest mistake of his entire career was trading Steve Nash. And he's like, I I don't wanna make a mistake like that again. And they told him no, He traded, he, he didn't resign Jalen Brunson too.


Yeah, That's true. So, But he's Made a couple mistakes. He seen a couple mistakes. Yeah. They, they just gave him a heads up like, Hey Mark, just so you know, we're gonna do this thing that you're gonna hate and you are powerless to stop It. Yeah. But, but in defense of us, mark Luca is, he doesn't, he doesn't want it enough. Like a guy like Shaq. Right? Yeah. So that, that that's what's going on here. Did you guys see, turns out the boycotters of the Super Bowl were not great because it hit a record. 126 million views. Yeah. Now they've changed how they've Yeah. Football's back. Nice job Football's back. They have changed how they determine it. I think they're just counting everything now.


But still for all the people who are like, I'm not watching this. You kind of got left out. What, what, what Hank say it, it's a podcast. Ratings have never really made sense. So this isn't a current thing. 'cause the Nielsen box, every time I heard how that system works, it didn't really add up to me. Didn't make sense. This makes, if they're just adding streaming numbers, like they could just make up numbers. Correct. Which is what I guess, you know, all platforms and stuff do. But that means nothing to Me. Now, in other news, our boycott worked phenomenally. The Pro Bowl had its lowest ratings ever. I believe so We boycotted the right thing. So We boycotted the right thing. People Followed us, Made a difference.


Yeah. But then that means that we were just so starved for football that everyone just tuned back into the Super Bowl. Yes. Yes. Max. Max is back. Max Our conquering hero. Max Deante world champion. Max, how are you feeling? I feel, I feel I'm, I'm, I'm here. Okay. Barry hungover. How is the flight back? Were you surrounded by Chiefs fans? Yeah, the, the, I was surrounded by Chiefs fans. Surprisingly, there was a decent amount of Eagles fans on that flight to Kansas City. Oh. Which was, They're probably just going to to pillage The city.


Yeah. I don't know what, there was one guy that I was like sitting in like the seventh row. The first one passed first class, and there was this one guy who, no Big deal. No big deal. Yeah. That's Comfort Plus for all the people listening At home. Comfort Plus there was, there was a guy who literally just stopped dead in his tracks and he just looked at me and was like, what the fuck are you doing on this flight? So The last guy you wanna See, shout, shout out that guy. It's like Max and Russell Wilson. Yeah. The two last guys you wanna be sat next to. Yeah. Well, he, he didn't sit next to me. He was just walking down the aisle and saw me. And he was like, he was just so disappointed that my face was what he saw after losing the Super Bowl like that. Yeah. So he probably like, that's his worst nightmare.


Like, he went to bed just having nightmares about Philly fans. Like Max bouncing around his head. He is like, he's everywhere. Yeah. That motherfucker's not real. So tell us about Sunday night after we, after we left you, after you did a bunch of Shoeys, you went out, you partied. You were with the team. I was with the team. That's incredible. Big Dom absolutely hooked it up. We got into the section with like, the players and their friends and family and stuff. So that was cool. We were a little bit late getting to the party, so some people were leaving as we were coming in. But there was still, I mean there were still some big names in that, in that little section. Gimme some names. What names were in This section. Yeah. And, and also give us names of people who maybe come, came up to you instead of you going up to them.


That's only one person. And I would like you to guess, I think you'll get it within two tries. AJ Brown, re blank. Yeah. Read blank. Reed Blankenship came up to me and was like, wait a minute. You're the guy from Bars stool, right? Hell yes. Shout out Reid. So shout out Reid. That's my guy. But I mean, all jokes aside, that was so that was like, yeah. A surreal moment that like, I mean, he, he's been an integral part of this team all year. He is. He was great. And then he being at this Super Bowl after party, and then him coming up to me and I was like, why this should, this should be the other way around. No, it, that, that never gets old. That never stops to, like, that never ceases to blow my mind.


When we were, when we interviewed Lane Johnson, cam Jergens was like, oh, what's up Big Cat? As we were walking in the hallway, I was like, oh shit, that's fucking cool. You're about to go play in a Super Bowl. So who, who else did you talk? Did you, did you see Nick Siri? I saw Nick. Nick Siri was getting after it. Yeah. Like absolute duh. He was just walking around with ci towel with a cigar in his mouth the whole time. Ripping te like, there was like a, a server that would come around. He was ripping tequila shots. Like do as he should. He was as he should. He was having the time. He went up on stage and he did that, that whole thing. So that, What's that whole thing He did? He's sang speech That's Talking. No, no, No, No, no. Yeah, we know that whole thing.


You're, you're now explaining coaching. We didn't go to this party with you. You know that. Well, It wasn't like, it, it like online. He's, It's a famous thing that Nick does after he wins the Super Bowl. It's kind of his Deal. That whole thing. He sang my way. No, he's sang this. I I can't play this song. Oh, Vibing. That's what this tweet says. No, but he sang a song that was like talking, it was basically everybody's talking all this stuff about me. That's what, that's what, Okay. That's good. I don't, I don't like, I don't like that with Hank at all. Hank didn't that hank at All? Hank what song would you sing on stage? What would be the Hank thing that he's known for? I'd play Don't Stop Rick Ross. That's what they played at. The first Super Bowl party I went to was electric. Okay.


It's a good Choice. Sexy Red was the performer. Oh, nice. Yep. All right. And then who else, who else did you talk to? Did you take pictures with anyone? I took no pictures with anyone. Why? That was what I woke up, I woke up. I see. Ready to see the chaos. Because It's good because you're in the content game and it's better if we just don't have any pictures. Yeah. I took no pictures. Well, I don't know. I felt, I get it. Everyone, a million people are going up to them asking for pictures. They're, they're trying to enjoy like their Super Bowl night. And I just wanted to like, yeah. But I just wanted to enjoy everything that was going on without being annoying. Okay. But, but then you were a million in one pictures. It's not, I mean, they're, as someone Who's been there before, you're gonna wanna look back and regret.


You're gonna, at least you'll have those, you can just look back on the memories. Yeah. Which you definitely don't. I mean, No, I, you're not really doing A good job with Your words. Yeah, no, I was, I was, I was living in the moment. Okay. It Was great. Alright, so did you talk to anyone else? Did you, Did you hang with anyone else? Yeah, I walked, I walked in. The first person I saw, the first people I saw were Chris O'Connor and Shane Gilli. Okay. Love it. So They were, they were fired. They were fired up. Funny Chris O'Connor, side note, he was texting me throughout the Super Bowl, demanding that I ask John Gruden why the Eagles wouldn't do a play action play and throw it over the top. He literally would be like, can you ask Gruden? I I, I, I think my first reply was, ha ha, I will. And he's like, no, I'm dead serious.


Ask him right now. And he just kept on texting me like, it's open. It's open. And then they hit the Devonte Smith touchdown. He's like, see, it's open. He was just obsessed with these. Chris O'Connor was over the top. He was the main character of that party at like, he rocks. He, he was like forming like a dance circle. And only Hi only himself was in the middle, dancing in The circle. He was awesome. What Was Pug doing at this party? Pug was Pug. I mean, pug got Pug got a picture of Sirianni. Okay. Good, good. Good job. Can we see that picture? PI haven't seen that picture. Kelly asked. We'll pull up that picture. Where can I find this picture? So Pug took one, Ron took one. You were just like, nah, Nah, I, I wanna be, I was nervous. I want these guys to be friends with me for life.


Like what? They're gonna, I bet you Nick Siri's like, who is that fucking dude in the boot that didn't ask for a picture? I need that guy. I, I do like how in Max's mind, he's like, you know, me and Sirian we're we're too close for that. That'd be weird if I went up to him and asked him for a picture. It's like, I can do that whenever I want. Yeah. No, looking back, I probably should have asked for a picture Looking around. I, I get it though. Like, you don't want No, you don't wanna be annoying. They got cameras over. But I'm telling you like that at that point, they do not give a fuck If somebody wants a picture. And, and in 10 years you're gonna be like, yeah, I kinda wish I had a picture of that. Yeah. Joe Herz was also there. You know what? And the Beauty is, wait, I wanna hear about Jalen Hurts. But the beauty is memes. I would like you for the next day, find every picture that Nick Sirianni took with someone and just put, do the max face so that way we have a bunch of pictures of Max with Sirianni.


Every single one. All right. So Jalen Hertz was there. Did you talk to him? No. So Jalen Hurts was there, but he was in like a different section within the section. That sounds That that also is, that sounds about Right. Yeah. Like every, but he was kind of like one in his, in his own in that section. He's like, other people would, would come into his section. Yeah. Super. MVP. Yeah. Everyone else was in like, the mix of everything. And he had basically had like, security going in and out of that section. And like, as soon as he moved everywhere, everyone just had like a had like a, had like a phone just like filming him, walking, walking around. And you were in the player section though, right?


So then there was like a so there party section that was different. Right? There was like this P pug, P pug pug. What, what An arrival. No pi, nothing. No pictures, no nothing. I, I was gonna, I Thought you didn't make it in. I thought, me too, Chris. I saw Chris's Instagram post with you in it. I was like, oh, he Made it in. I was worried when I, when I woke up, I took A picture with Chris when I Oh, nice. Sick. No, no, no. Chris probably asked You to take a picture. No, I, well, we were, me, Chris and Big Cat were in a, a group chat being like, we gotta meet up, we gotta meet up. So then once we did meet up, I sent Big Cat a picture of Us. Wait, so yeah, I, I woke up the next morning, I was like, oh fuck. They didn't get in. This is bad. I went to sleep. I, I didn't help.


And then turns out you, you got all the way in. Yeah. No, we were in until, until it closed. So what time did it close? I think four. Nice. Is that right? Pug pugs. Here. Pug. Pug. Pug. I, I believe three, potentially 4:00 AM Pug. How, how, how was it? Tell us everything. It was awesome. It was just seeing all your favorite players right after the Super Bowl celebrating. It's just like so surreal. How was, how was asking Nick Cii for a picture? It was, I it was like a very quick, he was like in the middle of doing pictures with other people and it was just a quick like, get in, get out. Love It. Situation. So he didn't even you didn't bother him. Yeah. No. Took took Two seconds this time. Well, here's the thing, max, We Didn't, we didn't need a picture of Siri Maxx because you, you gave a, a recap in words that describe it better than a picture ever could.


Because it looks like right after you left the party at 3:08 AM you tweeted, Siri was so sick tonight. I was drunk tweeting all night. I Wait. So what did You, that tells me all I need to know. Like that's, let's print that out and then you can look back on that in five Years. Yeah. Put that behind you. Remember how sick he was? We need that frame behind you. The, the night you partied with the Eagles after winning a Super Bowl. Sirianni was so sick tonight. Wait, so did you guys, what did you guys, can we see the picture of Sirianni and Pug? By the way, every time I see a picture of Pug, I just am I I audibly am like, he's just the cutest. I think. I don't know why. I'm just like, he's just the cutest guy we got. I love you.


Remember That, that chill guy meme that went viral like, I don't know, two months ago? Yeah. Pug is the chill guy. Yeah. He's just a chill guy. Yeah. I also like, I'm so pro going to a Super Bowl by herself like that. Like dude, that friendship and bond. 'cause like I have a buddy who went to one of the Patriots games with like another guy we work with that was a random connection. And like, they still will be like, that's my best friend for life. That, That I was explained because people were kind of roasting me in Pft being like, why would you buy one single ticket? I was like, dude, it's a Super Bowl. They're gonna Connor made best friends with his seat mate too. Yeah. And, and again, it's like I've the Eagles winning this Super Bowl and, and the way they did it has made me get to relive the Patriot Super Bowls. Like that's all I did yesterday was just rewash the Seahawks. Rewash the Falcons.


That's awesome. And I love that in there. And make it by yourself. I love That Hank. I don't care. It's true. Like, I, like you guys were talking about no football. Like, I spent probably two hours watching just like Patriots, Seahawks, Patriots, Falcons, Patriots, Rams, and those memories that you have like this night, this like, it's the best. Wow. That's the far away it gets. The better it gets. That's, that's what I've learned in my wisdom of like, this night will get better with time. Well, not for Max. He has literally no Memories of it. No, this Picture, this picture's awesome. This picture is all times you Look sick. Pug, unreal. Yeah. With the cigar like that. But the farther away you get, you're gonna make that one so sick and it just gets sicker and sicker and sicker. The Funniest part about watching Hank react to Max talking about the night is Hank just think about it.


He's like, yep, that's how the Super Bowl parties are set up. They got, they got that other special section right there. Then you got players. Oh yeah, yeah, I know all about that. That Do they have, do they have a bathroom for you that was different than everyone else's? Nice. Sick. Same. It's the best Until the, until the, somehow the Celtics, like Missoula shout out to Coach Missoula. But the first Super Bowl party I went to was the best night in my life. Like until the parade Max. Have you been invited to the parade? I, no. Okay. Do you want to get invited to the parade? Let's get pug on the parade. I don't know. Yeah, It's Valentine's Day. I, that's, that's, that's big issue. That's the issue. Yeah. That's a big issue. I was thinking about that. There're gonna be so many dudes in Philly that are like, I'm gonna go out to the parade just for a little bit.


Yeah. And then I'll come home and we'll go out on a date and have her night and they're just not gonna come home. A lot Of ps at dinner After being gone for eight days and then being like, I had, I had the most unreal night ever. But I, I need to have another one. Is, is going to be a tough, that's Gonna be a tough Sell. Wait, so I didn't even ask you ask how, how what'd you guys do when the party ended? Did you go to a bar or did you go home? I, we went home. Pug wanted to go to Bourbon Street at like, at like three 30. Fuck yeah. Fucks what an animal. Once the game ended, there's just like swarms of Eagles fans. Like, we're all going to bourbon. So like, I still was feeling that energy a little bit, but I, it going home was the right move. Yeah. And then p how was your flight through Kansas City? Did people, were people like, god dammit.


My my flight was through Atlanta. Oh, okay. All right. So you didn't do the Kansas City connection, But there was some issues weren't there? Probably, yeah. We had, we had, we got delayed, then delayed again, then Deboarded then delayed, and then we, we were back. So what time did you get home? Like 2:00 AM Oh my God. Yeah. But you we're Back. How, how many times did you look at this picture during the flight? Like two, two to three? Yeah. Pug. Pug. Alright. So and Max, how scale of one to 10, how unhealthy do you feel? Nine days in Bourbon Street? 15. Yeah, Like yesterday. Yesterday was like, I, I was sitting at the airport and I was about to go get food and, and then I was like, I just, I shouldn't eat anything right now.


I ended up getting Lunchables. Oh, nice. That was my lunch. Nice. For the, oh, that's healthy. Hey, that was my lunch. What Do you not remember that debate? That Mount Rushmore? Mount Rushmore? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I had that and then I had, you know, a salad for dinner. Yeah. Salad. I got a salad for dinner. Have to eat something green. I'm going to diet heavy, heavy diet starts, started yesterday. You Gotta Book a trip to like a sauna or something. Like you need to sweat profusely for like 50 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Just to, just to get, Get it out. Kind of started the toxins out. But you're going on an exercise, vacation, Exercise, vacation, fitness. Vacation starts next week.


You're gonna ski like twice. Yeah. He also Gonna be, he's gonna drink so much more than he skis. I'm also going, going to a John Summit concert again. Okay. Alright. So any other Super Bowl thoughts? I mean, I had a thought while driving in this morning is Patrick Mahomes, a Kyle Shanahan merchant? Yes. Ooh yes. Two outta three of his Super Bowls against Kyle Shahan who can't win the big one. Mm. Yep. Interesting. Is he a, is he a Kyle Shanahan merchant? Interesting. Yeah, Well He's had, he's had two very bad losses in Super Bowls. Very Bad, very bad. Those, the, the, so I saw a chart, someone was like, Hey, if you think that this was, this first half was like the Tampa Super Bowl.


It actually was so, so, so much worse. Yeah. Patrick Mahomes, that was the worst half of football he has ever played. And it's maybe The worst half. I saw a stat, it was like maybe any quarterback of all time. Yeah. Top 10 worst performance ever. There was a chart. I saw any game that was, it was like worst play stretches in the Super Bowl. And Mahomes had like the worst four or, or maybe eight ga eight play stretch in a Super Bowl all time. He also had one of the, he had the best four play stretch, which was all in garbage time. Oh. At the end. Yeah. That the throat to Xavier worthy. Definitely. Which I agree with everyone. Like you can't count stats after the Gatorade bath. Yep.


That was after the Gatorade bath that he made that throw. It was an incredible Throw. It was a sick Throat. It was also all the backups. Yeah. Yeah. They, they taken away the, the whole starting lineup. Yeah. So striking from the record Also, I mean, Mahomes has had to get through the a ffc too. Yeah, True. Which is pretty impressive. True. But this is, it's a bad, it's a bad one. It's, it's, it's a bad one. That was a bad, Bad thing. I actually, like Max and Rowan were onto something with the Jalen Hertz thing. What he might be, he think he is just better than Mahomes. Mm. Oh, I like that. Their head-to-head matchups. And I like it. Hank Hertz has has dominated them. That's true. If you'd only watch the two Super Bowls that the, that Jalen Hertz and Patrick Mahomes played against each other.


Jalen Hertz clears 'em by a million. A million million. And and if you had just put a, the, the last Super Bowl on regular turf, then it'd be, Mahomes would be even more of a Kyle Shanahan Merchant. Yeah. I mean, we'd be having to talk about the Eagles being a dynasty right now. Hmm. You guys do have like a pretty Do you have a lot of free agents? You have a Yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna lose a lot of guys. Oh, you are? Yeah. Zach Bond. Zach Bond, Josh Sweat, Mel Williams. Mm. What did you guys think about the, we Gonna try and bring some of them. You The all 22 review, like that came out I saw with like all the sacks and all their like Travis Kelsey and they just, they got Destroyed. Kelsey was not looking great on the film.


Review my All 22 analysis. Is that Lane Johnson's a fucking man? Yes. He a beast. Every single time Beast. You see Lane Johnson, he's just boing someone That's, that is a man that you don't, you don't want him to put his hands on you. Yeah. He's, he, there was one that I saw that he, he like throat punched a guy. Yeah. He was Botting. He was botting. Chris Jones. Yeah. Yeah. He was, he was an animal. He just put 'em out on an island too. He never had help. Eagles were just that much better than the Chiefs. Did you see Kenny Pickett? No. At the party? Yeah. At the party. No, I did not see him at the party. That would've been cool. Yeah. What type of jumpsuit was big Dom wearing? Big Dom Basically got us into the party and then immediately left. He had a lot of stuff going On.


Yeah. He, he was like, yeah, he texted me the next day. The fact that he got a lot of stuff is going on. Super stuff. The Super Bowl after party is Big Dom's, super Bowl. Like he's gotta be on point with That as Yeah. As as he was walking us in, CJ Gardner Johnson was walking out and he was like, he was like, Dom, I'm gonna need a ride from me and all these people. Like, immediately. And then he was like, all right. All right. I'll get to you in a second. Also, I, I wanna swifties you see the Swifties are kind of at, at, at, at war. Oh, I do wanna see. It was, I want hear about that, but I, I just wanna defend big Dom for a second because I've seen this narrative being thrown around that he's like hunting for the camera. It's his literal job to be next to Nick Siri after a game. Like if you, if you are upset that Nick Siri's getting a picture taken and big Dom happens to be behind him.


He's not looking for the camera. He's doing his job. That is his job. Shout out big Dom. Go ahead. Swifty. Which CJ Gardner Johnson was the person. He posted it on a story, a picture of him and Kelsey and his quote was, should have stayed with that thick shit. Oh Yeah. So Swift's our fired up. Did I See? They are, well there was that picture of Taylor that went viral like two weeks ago. Think they're Also mad about her getting booed. Like they're, they're And I think Travis Kelsey's ex-girlfriend might have been there. Yeah, I think she was. Yeah. But yeah, there was that picture and it, it confirmed the fact that Taylor Swift does in fact have a leg and all the swift dudes are like, oh, look how thick she is.


Look how strong that leg is. And it was just like a leg. And so it was a leg. So now CJ's saying, oh, he should have stayed with a thick girl. And then now all the swifties have responded by leaving bad reviews for CJ Gardner Johnson's mom's restaurant. Is That what it is? Oh, that's nasty. Nasty word. Swifties Sore Lose. You know, they've never lost. Yeah. They've literally never lost. They Weaponized social media. Yeah. Is What they do. They do. But they, they, that was their first big loss. Yeah. And it was Huge. How do you respond from adversity? I don't know. We'll See. She's gonna put out a banger album about the Super Bowl. I think he's gonna retire. He do. He looked old. He did. He did look old.


He is Old. He like wasn't getting off the line. Yeah. Yeah. I mean the Chiefs just overall just looked bad. There was, there was nothing. Andy Reed might retire. Chief's run defense was pretty much all you can say was good. Is this Eagles team the best football team of all time? Oh, because well hear me out. You've got Saquon Barkley one of, I'd say maybe a top 10 running back of all time. Right. The way that he's playing right now. Not in terms of longevity this season. Incredible. Shout out Talent wise. But by the way, just a side note, shout out that one guy who posted a video of him pinning Saquon Barkley in like sixth grade wrestling. Never let go of that. That was so good. We like Saquon won a Super Bowl birthday. Yeah.


He's like, Hey, check out this time. Keep Going. Saquon Barkley, he was in the MVP consideration. He had a great season. Yep. Top 10 season of a running back of all time. The offensive line for the Eagles. Maybe top 10 offensive line of all time defensive line. You could make the same argument in their pass rush. Make the same argument. Impact rookies all over the place. Great. Secondary shut down Patrick Mahomes quarterback better than Patrick Mahomes. Yep. Yep. Beat Patrick Mahomes in the Super Bowl. And we're talking about Patrick potentially being the second or going into this game. The best quarterback of all time. Well, a guy that just beat him. You would say that he's probably the second or the best quarterback of all time. Is this the best football team ever?


Max? I I already made this argument on Sunday's Show. Would you, did you say that the best team ever? Yeah, He did. He said that was 16 and one. I I just started saying that we basically were undefeated. Yeah. He, he he found a way to get out of every single one of their lawsuits. Yeah. Best. So Eagle's number one. Patriots number two. Yeah. I mean that's the thing that doesn't matter 'cause it's all, you can make the argument for anything, but all that matters is they're both Super Bowl champions And the Chiefs are not. And The chiefs are not. And Patrick Hall is probably gonna use his revenge and get like, way better and win another one Right. In everyone's face.


Oh, you think he's totally done? Hank Hank is, Hank is, Hank is not Unironically doing the washed trash Ass. Yeah. You actually think Patrick Mahomes is done. Like we, we went along with the joke. He's got a long, long, but we went along. He's Got a huge mountain decline. If he can win five more Super Bowls to beat Tom Brady, good for him. No, you've become Max Kellerman. Wait, but but we were, when we, when you did the wash thing on Sunday night, we were, we were going along with the joke. Like he is, he is going to to win another Super Bowl Maybe. Okay. All right. So he thinks no, This is you were, you have become Max Kellerman even either you die a villain or you live long or no die hero or live long enough to become a Kellerman. How many Super Bowls is he gonna go to for the rest of his career?


It's NFL is hard. It's hard to stay healthy. It's hard to get back. You, we've talked to all these, but they quarterbacks and pros where it's like, you know, it's a constant error. I'm on the show. You never know. Probably one or two. Okay. So you would, you, would you bet that he'll be back to at least two? I would look at the other line. Okay. It depends how juicy the plus sign was. Who Wins the Super Bowl? I'd probably take the, I'd probably take no. Okay. Who Wins the Super Bowl first? Even though he's been to five outta the last seven. Yeah, but it's, again, it's tough. He's, he's just a check down merchant now. Okay. Who wins The Super Bowl first? I'm on Hank Patrick Mahomes or Drake May. Drake May. Okay. We come. Okay.


Okay. Yeah. Well we know you're on Hank's side, but you don't, you you killed him. That fir Tom Brady will never have tape like that first half tape no matter what. That's, that'll, that will be on his legacy forever. Did you body that He had a chance to do something legendary and came out with the worst performance in the history of football? He played worse than Sam Darle did. Yeah. He was very bad. And it was a Super Bowl. Do you, do you think Max, is there anything to be said that Carson Wentz is your good luck charm? Because the Eagles have two Super Bowls when Carson Wentz is on the sidelines. That great point. We Just need, you need to find him an a FC team next year that will be in the Super Bowl and just have him out there.


You're undefeated in Super Bowls when Carson Wentz is, is a backup somewhere. That's an excellent point. T point. He also kind of didn't, I I I, I reviewed the tape kind of shaded Jalen hurts after the Super Bowl. ICI couldn't fully understand if it was, he never saw him, but he, Jalen Hertz was kind of looking to give him a, a high five and, and, and Carson went, was walking the opposite direction. Interesting. So we'll just go with that. Do you think Carson went, still thinks that, that he was like, if that were me, I I would want to Yeah. Oh, for sure. I would Say say good luck Charm is is more Nick Foles. Nick Foles even posted. It's really cool that Tom Brady got to be, or I guess it's Tom Brady. That's the good luck charm.


Yeah. But Nick Foles pointed out, Tom Brady got to be there for the Eagles two Super Bowl wins. He might be the good luck charm. Well, the good it's, it's, yeah. Tom Brady. Yeah. And also Tom Brady is was there for both the Patrick Mahomes Super Bowl losses. Yeah. So he's, I'm so happy for Tom. What do you review the tape? All right, so here's Jalen Hertz and Mahomes. Then Jalen Hertz goes towards Carson Wentz and Carson Wentz is like, nah, nah, I don't know. I just like the pen. I like, I like the idea of That's narrative. I don't, I don't There's So many people in between them. No, I don't. It's like, you know that you're gonna go see the other starter. I don't know if it's customary or not to go see the backup Right away.


I just like the narrative. Now, if it's Carson wins, you have to check in in town. Yeah. You have to. You have, Just so you know, I'm in your city. Yeah. Hey Jill, that should have been me. Yeah, that would be awesome if he went up to and said that. Just so you know, it should have been me. It, It's probably way better to not even make the Super Bowl than it is to make the Super Bowl and get blown out like the Chiefs, right? Yes. Yeah. So good job. All of us. Yeah. He was playing all along. That's What Brady, that's what Brady was saying. He's like, no one talks to me about when I've lost an a FFC championship. I only get talked about, about the losses in the Super Bowl. Yeah. Super Bowl's Biggest game and the hold losses. Massive. And shout out Jalen Hurt's. Incredible story. Imagine getting Alabama. Imagine the Super Bowls in a negative point differential. That's embarrassing.


This is more Hank's superb bowl than Max is. I've, I had, I had, I literally felt like I I I felt like I won a Super Bowl yesterday. Whatcha you gonna say about, I hadn't really thought about how bad it would've been, but after the way they'd lost, like it really put in perspective how good it is to win. And I'm happy for Pug. I'm happy for Max. You've never been more in lockstep than we are right now. Absolute boys. Yeah. What was your worst loss in the Super Bowl? Hank? It probably would've been that one, but the Eagles was, wait, You're talking about this year? Yeah. That would've been this year would've been Your worst. Wait, what were you gonna say, max? I don't know. Forever. This is the way, this is the way more fun conversation than what I was gonna say.


It would've been you guys, it would've been an impossible argument to make and it would've just been a piece that she said. This one Actually I'll make, I'll ask the question. Yeah, do It. Ask the question I want. Realistically, where do you rank Jalen Hurtz as quarterbacks in the NFL Right now? Right now one. Right now I think I, and I'm ranking it. If a team called, would they do like salaries out? Take salaries out? Would the team do a one for one trade? I'd probably rank him. What if you're drafting? What if it's the, the league starts tomorrow. You have the number one pick. It's tricky with Jalen Hurts. Pick anyone because I think that there's a bunch of quarterbacks that would not do a bunch of teams that would not do a one for one trade with their quarterback.


But Jalen Hurts is better than them. In terms of how he fits in with the Eagles. I'd probably rank 'em fifth. So like, do you think Justin Herbert, do you think the charges would trade? I don't think they would, but I have. That's bullshit. I have. That's bullshit. No, max. I don't think they would. But Max, I'm saying Jalen Hurts is a better quarterback. Jalen hurts. It's not even close. Justin Herbert is just a regular season merchant. I, and then as soon as the playoff, it's exactly what you don't want in a quarterback. Someone who looks really good in shorts and does bullshit during the regular season. And then as soon as the playoff comes, shits his pants hurts is Complete Max. I I agree. I'm saying Jalen Hurts is better, but I, I don't think the Chargers would make that trade.


I don't know. Harbaugh like fucking winners. Fred, you A fresh Draft's True draft, your number one on the block. Every NFL player's Available? I would probably, I No, if you just do quarterbacks. Are you drafting? You're drafting, yeah. You're drafting Hertz over Herbert. I do You wanna do a draft right now? I would, I would probably make 'em fourth or fifth. Does that sound fair? That's Fair. That's fair. Yeah. I, I would say top three, but I'll, I'll, I'm, I'm willing to go to Top. It's a combination of Mahomes, Allen Burrow, maybe Lamar, because obviously the playoffs, he hasn't been good. And then Jalen hurts, like he's somewhere in there. I think Mahomes and Allen are first, first two I You would agree? I think. Yeah. Like, like Josh Allen and Pat, Josh Allen Hurts is above Lamar. One Herz is above Lamar. You can't, there's no Hertz and Lamar have been in the same situation Yeah.


With both loaded, loaded rosters. That's fair. Yeah. But Lamar cannot win. So four. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. I'm all, I'm all right with that. Four is okay for you? Four. I'm okay with, okay. I have him six. Who, who's your, who's your I, I don't know. I don't know. It's, you know, It's A mystery. It's a mystery. I'm gonna do a mystery top five. And then I've got, yeah, I got hurt six. Did you by Way? It's a compliment. Six is high. There Was a nice stray there. Just saying Alan is number one. He's, you are, it's he's home. Should retire. Yeah. Stop. Hey, Deandre Hopkins retired. He's by the way, dead Tough way for Deandre Hopkins to go out being like complaining about the refs and then be like, I'm retired. Wait, was was that not a fake Shefter account?


Oh It was. Oh, I got got, I Think you got Adam Scheffler. Oh, Okay. I just saw Deandre Hopkins retired. So yeah, I guess I got Adam Scheffler. He did not retire other people. Oh, there it is. Yep. That's fake. I got caught. Alright, so he hasn't retired. He might retire. He should retire. Oh yeah. Aaron. Yeah. Have you seen Jerry's trying to get Aaron Rogers to the Steelers? Yep. Hard Roger. Hard Roger Raji. Okay. Should we do Hot Seat? Cool Throne. Let's do Hot Seat. Cool Throne.


Hot Seat. Cool Throne is brought to you by our friends at Farmer's Dog Blake and seller, both farmer's dogs this year. Healthy Habits don't only apply to humans. Give your dog a fresh start. To the farmer's dog makes feeding real healthy dog food easy and convenient, and your dog will absolutely love it. The pre proportion meals are personalized for your dog's needs, which makes it simple to help your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight. If you've ever thought about making the switch, now is the time it's made from human grade, real meat and veggies that are gently cooked with the safety and quality standards of human food. It doesn't matter if your dog is younger, old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, and full years together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at farmer's dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/pmt to get 50% off. That's farmer's dog.com/pmt. We are big fans of the Farmer's dog. If you love your dog, you love your dog, make sure you get him the Farmer's dog because that is the best food out there for any dog. So go become a Farmer's dog as well.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer Saturday and Sunday with the truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado's a perfect, perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. Recently they helped us give fullbacks of recognition they deserve with a low man award with Silverado Trail Bosses built like a fullback. We're talking 495 pounds of torque. Hold onto your sodas Max Plus the Trail Boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado brings the grit, then pairs it with all the latest truck tech inside and out the result. A truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss chevy.com Chevrolet together. Let's try Hank Hot Seat. Cool Throat.


My Hot Seat was going to be CJ Gardner Johnson, but we discussed that. Still tough to kind of come, come outta your Super Bowl hangover with the swifties on your ass, isn't it? That's They're not going away. Is it his Mom that, that has that restaurant? I believe so. Yeah. That's tough. Or like some, you know, someone in his inner circle. The other thing I was just laughing at thinking how, you know, crazy of a tradition is, is the Super Bowl like seeing Jalen Hertz at Disney World And we should have sent Max or Pug to Disney World instead of home because like that's gotta be the most miserable experience of all time. Yeah. What Disney World? They have to go to Disney World at like 6:00 AM Yeah, But they fly private. They just go to a couple. I mean, the Tron ride looked sick.


They've got beers at Disney World. Yeah, I Guess that's true. The Tron ride was awesome. I was more just thinking like Max's state and if he had to just Do Disney World. Yeah. Max, well, max Disney, max JI think Jalen Hertz going to Disney World, like flying private there, cutting every single line, getting do some roller coasters and going home is not that bad. Max. Yeah. If we had sent Max, maybe it had sent Max in like my kids and been like, max, you have to go. You'd take my three kids to Disney World. If we sent Pug pug wearing the, the Mickey Mouse series would be very cute. Yeah. Yeah. Look at the Tron ride. How sick does that look? Oh, that's sick. Yeah. You're like sitting forward. I want to do the Tron ride. Yeah. Going on that hungover would be the worst. Yeah.


And then my Cool Throne is just John Gruden. I don't think, I mean, we didn't really talk about it that much on Friday And we were kind of in the middle of Super Bowl week last week. But coming out of it, I've spent so much time just thinking about John Gruden. I miss him missing John Gruden. I miss him so much. We Have a crazy surreal job And we have moments all the time where it's kind of like, pinch me. How is this happening? Yeah. But going away from Super Bowl week and just being like, the amount of time we spent with John Gruden and how just unbelievably legendary of a guy he is off camera, on camera. Like, and just the fact that he just hangs with the, like it'll be in P-M-T-V-I think. But we were, we had a dumb debate with him for like an hour and a half. Like he was max.


He's, he's the best. I I miss him. You, You spent like the week in his house too. Yeah, yeah. No, I would wake up and he would just be sitting there taking notes and like, gimme a quiz when I would wake up and I'd just be like, what's going on? He's always pumped. Yeah. John Gruin is the most pumped individual I've ever hung out with in my life. I I, I teased this at the end of the gambling stream, but I, I think I successfully talked John Gruden into coming for the first two days of March Madness, which I'm already just so pumped for. I was like, do you watch college ball? He's like, yeah, I like col. I like any, any sports i's like, do you want come gamble with us for two days? He's like, I'd be into that. Yeah. Fuck Yes. He's always fired up. Yeah. So, yeah. I miss him. I just miss him. Same. The Only thing that really pisses him off is when people in the room are not adequately fired up.


Yeah. He likes to have energy in the room. Yeah. And he much like Coach Missoula. Like, and that's I think just a trait of a good coach. Like I he just makes you wanna be a better person. What, What are you say Max? Well, it's Hank. Hank is the one that he gets mad at. Yeah. Mad for not having enough energy fired up. You do need to bring the juice. No, I know. He, he, he makes me wanna be a better person. Like, he, he makes me wanna bring the juice. He makes me wanna just, you know, go home. So are you gonna be a better person? I'm gonna try for, now that I know he is, you know, watching, I mean, Missoula is the same way where it's like, I, now that I've been blessed to, to meet him and be in his presence, like, I wanna be better for him. How can you be better? I'm be disappointed. I can try harder, I can go harder. That's kind of, that's kind of hurtful, isn't it?


What Like, Hank has never considered trying to be better for us. Yeah, it's true. You guys, For the show, for Us for loss. See, you guys are like me. No, he just, what do you mean? I want lethargic? I'm sharp and hard. I want to, I wanna stay sharp for PFT. You Think we're, you think we're lethargic? No, But like, You're not, we go hard. We're not coaches. You don't have to. Yeah. But like What, like I I, I I prep for this show and get ready for the show, show knowing that Pft gonna do the same. Your motivat being mean to me. No, no, no. But I, I wanna bring my A game because I know PFT will bring his excellence. Brings out excellence. You have never once thought I, Not for the show, I'm talking about in life. I'm talking about in life. But, But This show is our life.


Right. But John Gru's not around you for, for your life. He's around you when you're working. I get hard for you guys. Yeah. Thank you Max. You max. It is real hard For us. Max. I'm always hard For you guys. Max. That's my hardest boy. It's okay. We just can't, we can't bring out of you what Missoula and Gruden did. It's fine. It just hurts. It's, I just said it was hurtful. I didn't say that You're wrong. It just said it hurtful. Some people in this world are self-starters. Yeah. And they don't need somebody grab 'em by the face mask and tell 'em what to do. Other people need to have their hands held and that's okay. Yeah. I mean, I guess that's, that's fair. That's a fair, fair point. Broke his fucking face. Do we need to get harder on you?


It's not like getting hard. He's not hard on me. He just, it's just his, his energy. His energy. That was, that was when we were having a tight end debate on Barstill radio and crude was like, Gronk broke, broke someone's face. And I was like, what? He did, I, I think he did. I think he, he's like, he broke his neck in half. Kyle Vandenbosch. Yeah. Yeah, He did. He's like, he broke his face. Yeah. Crude was like, I like that guy. But he broke his neck off. He broke His face. The only other thing that I was curious about was exactly how the gumbo finished. Like, how'd you finish that? I finished 15 gumbos on the last night. That, that's My guy. What'd you do? Hey, hey, hey. Can I ask you a question about the Gumbos? Did you need Gruden or Joe Missoula to tell you to do that?


I did it all on my own. Wow. I said I was gonna do it and then I followed through because you set a goal, then you hit it. That type good about yourself. Love, love that about you. It's good to check shit off the list. I do regret doing the gumbo bet just because Not a bet. Oh, not a bet. A challenge. The Gumbo challenge. Just because it made me miss out on so many other good foods that I could've eaten in New Orleans that I would've loved to have had. But yeah, I'd finished it up with two gumbos at dinner on Friday night. And yeah. Then just went to see Ludicrous. Pretty good show left before John Summit. Sorry, John, disrespectful. Embrace debate. Jack, Jack McCarthy's going to enough John Summit for all of us in this room. Embrace Was debate. Yeah, I is is it disrespectful to Ludicrous to have him open up for John Summit?


John Summit's pretty big Now. I, me and PFT were having this debate all weekend. Lu ludicrous might not be as hot right now as John Summit. I think he's got like 20 more. He Might not be. Well He's, you, you act like Ludicrous. Is is fucking chopped liver Max. Bring up their monthly streams on Spotify. Oh, no, no, no, no, No. I'm I'm telling you, don't do that. Don't do that. Don't Do that. I'm telling you that John's summit is better, is bigger than him right now, and it's by like a good margin. But Luda still does very well. Luda Hass been doing this shit for 25 years. He's in Fast and Furious. He's a megastar a little disrespectful to Ludacris. Even though John Summit is hotter right Now. PFT was getting mad at us for saying we're going to the John Sum, the John Summit concert, not the Ludacris Concert.


Ludicrous show. How many songs in the booth? Does anyone know? By Ludicrous Total? Well, max, no. We played this game. Max Came up to me during the show and was like, I'm sorry for disrespecting Ludicrous. He's got bangs. No, I, I listen, I love, I love Luda, but it does, it's, it shows your age, I think. Well, No, it also just shows that John Summit is much newer and ludicrous has been doing it for 25 years. Talk to me in, in 15 years and lemme know how how hot John Summit is. I I agree with that. Lu Ludicrous has more longevity. Yeah. Alright. Your Tron. That was pretty tron. Your Hot Seat. PFT My Hot Seat is pitchers and catchers. Mm. They're reporting.


Yeah. I think the Cubs are There. Yeah. Cubs are the first to report The Dodgers are there first to report. I just remember watching part of the interruption when I was a kid growing up. And the first show after the Super Bowl would always be Tony, talking about the beautiful cyclical nature of sports. Yep. We lose one And we get rebirth. Yep. And so baseball's back Baseball's. So back Baseball's officially back. We'll do our baseball preview in probably September When we do dingers. Only when dingers only. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, they're, they're reporting right now. And then why pitchers and catchers go there first and then everybody else just shows up all at once. Yeah. Yeah. They don't hang out like with the pitchers and catchers. I think pitchers and catchers gotta get a nice jumpstart Just being weirdos down there long to warming Up their, their arms long Tos.


Do they just do long toss for a week and then everyone else shows up and Then I think they just do like plays to first from the Pitcher. That's always the first video Yeah. Is just like A, them running, running covering first space. Yeah. And then like in, that's What makes the Garrick Cole thing even funnier. Yeah. In the World Series In July sometime there will be a ground out, they a dribble back to the pitch. Not be like, that's the first thing they work on in spring training is that. Which also means that we're gonna get some pictures through chain link fences from reporters where they're standing like 300 yards away. The blurries pictures of all time. Yeah. Being like, look, baseball's back, baseball's back. There's show. Hey, my Cool Throne is big men. Mm. Random big men are back because we've entered the stage of the NBA season where the Lakers don't have a big man.


And so now people are just going on TV and saying the names of random big men who could fill in to play for the Los Angeles Lakers, even though maybe some of them have been outta the league for like four years. Yes. So Stephen A. Smith was making the case for Dwight Howard today coming back, which would, okay. I'm in support of that just because it would be very funny. Yes. But I don't think he's very good at basketball. No, But I feel like he stays in shape. He probably does. But he, he's one of those guys that looks in shape, but he probably doesn't have any of the skills that he once had. Yeah. Like he, he looks ripped. It's kinda like a to remember when to 10 years after Yeah. Was still ripped. And then he would then he'd run a 40 and be like, oh yeah.


That's, that's the difference. The speed's not there anymore. So I'm gonna say some other big men. Okay. Blake Griffin. Love it. Who says no to Blake Griffin? Blake Griffin. Blake Griffin's Stone. You don't think Blake Griffin, By the way. Shout up Blake Griffin. Awesome. Give five fouls Awesome commercial Red Lobster commercial. You see him dunking? Yeah. He's dunking everything. Spencer Hawes. Yes. Done. Bring him back. But yeah, the Lakers need a sinner. So you can just say anybody, any, any tall man, be like, yeah, I could see him. Get out there, give you some fouls. Get Him out there. Big Perk. Perk. Perk. Caught astray. Not a heart attack. Not really Asray. He had hard attack Like instantly. Perk caught a a, a shotgun blast from KD over the weekend. Yeah.


KD was not so happy about everything. Well, perk, Perk is the guy that like, the further away he gets from playing, the better he was. Oh yeah. And I love Perk. I'll listen to him talk about anything. But he was, he was like, yeah, I was a leader of that team. And Kitty, he's like, this is the most ridiculous thing I've heard, said online this whole week. Yes. Yes. Okay. My Hot Seat is Glen Taylor because Arod and, and Mark Laurie have become official governors, or they at least won the arbitration to be governors. Wait, what does it say? Lay off the burgers, Wendy, 35 minutes ago. That's a, oh, Dwight Howard said lay off the burgers. Wendy. Well, I Saw Stephen A. Smith bring it up and say like, what about Dwight Howard?


And Wendy was like, yeah, no, Dwight Howard's not gonna play. He's about to go into the Hall of Fame. He's not gonna come back and play. He's not in blank shape. Lay off the burgers. Wendy, me? No. DeMar Cousins is a great one for that conversation. Oh, Bogey. Yeah. Bogey could definitely get back out there. Zach Randolph, I saw Zach Randolph. No, the lay off the burgers. Wendy? No. I think this is, this is Windhorse said like basically scoffed at the fact that Dwight Howard would come back and Dwight Howard might be saying that because he's gonna come back. What? So you're saying that, that Stephen A. Smith was Right.


Windhorse couldn't believe. Yeah. He's being mean Though. Windhorse couldn't believe that Stephen A. Smith suggested the Lakers could sign Toy Howard. Like he's saying that Dwight Howard's retired. He's, he is not capable of coming back. Right. But then we, we follow that. So Then Dey Howard saying, lay off the burgers. Windy meaning like he's offended that Windhorse thinks he couldn't come back. Yes. Right. Dwight Howard. But now Hank is taking that one step further and saying, I thought when I, it's because Dwight is coming back that he took it. So No, he's just being mean to Wendy. Yeah. I thought Windhorse said like Dwight Howard's coming back and he said, lay off the burgers. Like, no, I'm not. No, He's just saying Wendy's fat. But if you're Dwight Howard and you're sitting at home and you hear Steve a Smith mention your name, you think about it. Yeah. Yeah.


Stephen A Smith's probably gonna be president. That's true. We're just gonna do that all the time. I think. I think so. Either way, Arod and Mark Lurie official governors of the Timbers also Hot Seat court storming, because now the football's over. We're just gonna have this debate At any point, did you guys see Van Vanderbilt's actually doing a new rule where they do a minute time out after the game? So lame. Wait, what do you mean? They do, they they pause. They, they basically, if, if Vandy has a, a big upset at home, they pause everything for a minute after the game ends, and then the kids are allowed to storm the court. Oh, so they're giving 'em a, a constructive Yes. School approved way.


Yes. Yes. They, they set up like points of entrance for them that they Go in. It's Tim Woods double consent. Soon. Soon you're gonna have to like buy an extra ticket Yeah. To storm the court afterwards. Yeah. Yeah. So, and then my Cool Throne is Lane Kiffin because he's just embracing the fact that his daughter's hot. I don't know if you guys saw, but he just tweeted out Article Lane Coffin's daughter, Landry Slays tiny shoestring crop top standing next to dad. He tweeted the article. So shout out Lane Kiffin. Yeah. I mean, he's just hit hi. Hitting it face on, you know, I guess so. Like, Here it is. I mean, you Might as well just embrace it instead of fight it. Yeah. It is better than being like if you were to tweet out my daughter's ugly.


Yeah. Which, which one would you rather have? Yeah, you'd just be like, Hey, here it is. Oh, oh, max, I got a staff for you that I, I'm looking at my bookmarks right now. You ready for this one? You like this one? If Nick Sirianni goes six and 11 and misses the playoffs for the next four years in a row, he will have just as many wins. Just as many playoff appearances. Just as many Super Bowl appearances and one more Super Bowl title in his first eight years than Kyle Shannon has in his Look at that. That, that's just facts. Those are facts. You know, I, I said I said it to you. I know. So Right, But you're, you're doing good. Oh, I also brought the boot.


I was meaning to show that when I first came in, it smells horrendous. Yeah, I Imagine. But you have to save it for next year, right? No, that, that smelling it might be. Do you think it's, would you put it on for a Phillies run? No, you can't. It's gotta be just birds, right? Yeah. You don't wanna overuse it, I think. And then it runs out power. That Might be be your must win boot. Yeah. No, but then there's, you're gonna, I'm gonna be put into situations of if It loses Yeah. I think it's just Playoffs next year. Just Playoffs. Just Playoffs. Playoffs for the 'cause then you, you're gonna use that against me? No, no, we never, no. What are you Talking about? It just had playoff. It's a Playoff. Max is getting a lot better at sniffing these things out. That's, He's a winner Now. That's entire thing we were trying to do there.


He's a winner. Didn't sniff out McCarthy though. No. Doing fake ads. What? No. Oh. Still doesn't know? Yeah. Oh, those are, Those are fake. They're fake. What do you mean? He was having to do fake ads to make you do more shoey outta the boot. Did not know that. That's the first I'm hearing of that. Did you text him to do that? No. No. He know his own. I think he actually, I don't think those were fake. No. Were they were fake. He texted us being like, I'm making him do a bunch of fake ads. That's not true. Yes, You can listen to Monday's. Part of my take when we say it on air and then we played the ads.


Dove Is real, truly wasn't needed. Got it. He, he didn't call me. He goes, oh, is there CTA and then just hung up. Oh Yeah. Wait, no. Yeah. Meaning like, he was just, he was just proving he was gonna call someone to pretend that it was real. He did a very good job. Yeah. Of very funny. Hank do you have any advice for Max about how to, how to establish a dynasty and what this off season's gonna need to look like to continue this run? No, you gotta soak it in now. You, now you just gotta, you know, max has kind of been a little bit scared, always worried, always, you know, not confident. Now you, now that you're the champions, you have to just be confident. Like you have to just be A copy asshole. Wait, it's, it's playoff time. Wake me up when the playoffs start. No matter what happens next year on this show.


Lose a couple regular season games. They start trying to get you trolling about Sirianni or Jalen Hertz as he washed. Is he the guy Wake me up when the Playoffs start? I don't, I don't think I got that in my bag. I, I don't think I have that. No. He's gonna live in tie with every game. Okay, let's get to our interviews. We've got Adam Silver and then we have Joe Burrow.


Okay. Before we get to Adam Silver, we're brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. There's a reason why coffee's the first thing people reach for in the morning. Just like there's a reason why Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. For over 35 years, Morgan and Morgan has been fighting for the people just like you and I and they have over a hundred offices and more than 1000 lawyers nationwide. When hiring Morgan and Morgan, it's like hiring an army that has your back. If you're injured by the negligence of another, you deserve to be paid. When you hire the wrong law firm, you may be beat before you start. All law firms are not the same. That's why you need Morgan and Morgan. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. Morgan Morgan is the one you can trust.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Tax Act. It is tax season. Henry, how we feeling about tax season? The IRS is now open and accepting Returns Tax season is officially here. So how you feeling? Tis the season. Football season's over tax season has begun and I feel great. I feel as little stress as I've ever felt in a tax season. That's 'cause I found Tax Act. They have easy to use software. Max refund guarantee. Not Max Diante maximum refund guarantee. We would like a refund on our max. No, I love, I love Max. Yeah, we're we're boys Always have been. And they have live tax experts when you need help, they got it all. Any question you have, tax Act can answer it. They have expert assist. All their tax experts are US based. And all you have to do is go to tax act.com, check it out, see the deals they have, see what fits for you. Tax act.com. Okay. Get involved. Tax season memes, you're doing your taxes on tax Act. How you feeling? Feeling great. Feeling locked in. You gotta make you got you got it. Locked in, locked in, locked down. You get a virtual locked in, you get a virtual tax expert, they hook you up. Love that. Okay, so go check out Tax Act now. It is tax season. Don't stress when you have Tax Act. That was good though. Go get 'em. That was good. Me your, your mic's still on Max. That's okay. Go check out Tax act now.


Alright, here he is, commissioner Adam Silver. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. It is NBA Commissioner Adam Silver ahead of the NBA All-Star Game weekend in San Francisco. Mr. Commissioner, is that, should we call you Mr. Commissioner? We've never had a commissioner on before Paul Rabbel. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Second commissioner. Yeah, I know Paul. Adam please. Okay. So Adam, thank you so much for joining us. I have to ask because we, we we're, we're very excited for this interview. What was the sell process for you to come on this show? Was it, did someone have to tell you like, Hey, these guys actually aren't the worst because I, I can't believe you're on, we're excited to interview you.


Well, I went to law school in Chicago. Okay. I worked in Washington DC for years, so I know I got you guys are DC and Chicago guys. That was a big part of the selling point of coming on. And you guys are fun to watch and listen to. You guys do an incredible job. I Appreciate, I appreciate also, I appreciate that one of our producers is a big Duke fan, basically went to Duke. Yeah. So yeah, you've got connections everywhere on the show. Yeah, that Helps. Yeah. Alright, so All Star Weekend, how are we feeling going into All Star Weekend? I know you have tried to tinker with the All-Star game to make it, you know, better for fans. How, how do we feel going into this one? I'm feeling good about it. I one, I love the Bay Area.


You know, obviously four championships there since, since I've been commissioner. So spent a, a lot of time in the market and multiple finals appearances beyond that beautiful new arena in San Francisco. A new format that we've talked a lot about, you know, where, you know, in essence working with the Player Association, we came up with this format where it's in essence mo around Robin, you know, games to, to 40 then a championship. So I think that's gonna be really exciting for the fans. And I also, for us, you know, as important as the game itself is, it becomes the epicenter of the basketball world for that weekend. It's, it's essentially, you know, Friday, Saturday and Sunday of events, community events in Oakland and San Francisco.


Opportunity to see old friends. I've been with the league for a long time And we, when you have a neutral site finals, you can't plan to gather there. So essentially people who've been in business for us for a long time can mark their calendars, you know, be in the Bay Bay area. Our international partners can all be there as well. So it's, it's sort of a, a three day long celebration of the game. And that, that for me is, is the best part about the whole, the whole long weekend. When did you come to the decision that the, the format of the All-Star game had to be changed? Was there one moment in the game last year? Were you like, that's it, that I can't go back? It was, it, I think it was when I was presenting the championship trophy on the floor at the end of last year's All-Star Game.


I, I think like everybody, you know, was incredibly disappointed, at least speaking for the, the fans, the league office. It wasn't what we had hoped for. And then once I had an opportunity to talk to the players afterwards, I think they acknowledged as well, whatever happened once they got out there, there wasn't any real competition. This was in Indianapolis. Like Larry Bird had talked to the team in advance. Julius Irving had others. We thought we'd all come together with something that we thought would be effective. It, it obviously wasn't. I think then post All-Star game, talking to several of the players, the perennial All Stars, who we knew we'd be back, we said, look, we just gotta do a better job for the fans. We recognize that you just can't turn the clock back. You know, obviously the NFL and Pro Ball went to flag football.


Baseball's made some thing done, done some changes to tweak their Allstar game. So we said, what can we do to make this exciting and entertaining for the fans? And this is how we came up with this new format. Yeah. I got a really dumb question for you, but we're not the smartest guys. What, what exactly does a commissioner do day to day? What is your, what does your job look like day to day? Because I just would imagine it's just like watching the games and then waiting for someone to text you being like, we got a problem. That, that's the evening part of my job. Okay. Okay. The, the, the day part, it's, it's more like a standard business job in many ways than people would think. I mean, it's, you've got 30 teams, of course. We've got the WNBA we're overseeing as well the G league.


We have a league in Africa now we're looking at opportunities in Europe. So part of it is planning for the future. Another aspect of it is just regulating this league. There's constantly things happening with teams, business decisions they're making that if you wanna make sure everything's unified as a league that you have to coordinate among the many teams. We have, you know, what I was mentioning before about people coming together in the Bay Area. We have literally hundreds of business business partners, you know, licensees who produce our products, broadcast partners, media partners who, who distribute our games, you know, more traditional sponsors like Pepsi and Amex and Gatorade and companies like that. And so a lot of it's on the relationship side, continuing to build those relationships with our partners, negotiating deals with them, helping to plan for the future.


It's also, we're a huge enterprise in terms of our budgets. And so I think more that's the part where it's more like a standard job. Like we have thousands of employees and you know, we have an HR department, a legal department, a marketing department. So also just bringing all those people together and doing my best I can along with other colleagues, just try to lead this enterprise. Do you spend any time in your day-to-day searching your name online? Because I think you are probably one of the people that gets the most unsolicited advice. You know, I, I, I don't need to search because people seek me out. And so it comes through emails, it comes through people forwarding me things that other people are saying. We have our own communications department here, right.


Who's sending me things. And, and in all seriousness, I I actually find it very helpful because if you work in an industry where you're so closely covered and you have fans in a section of the newspaper devoted to you that you get a lot of unsolicited ideas. And so, one, I think when you look at things we've done over the last several years, the play in tournament, the, the in-season tournament now known as the NBA cup, all those ideas came from initially outside of the league. And then sort of, it's a question of processing those ideas. And also there's understandably, fans want changes. Some, you know, you get criticism, you get, you know, people are, are feel good about certain things we're doing. But I think it's my job to, to do the best I can to incorporate a lot of that feedback.


And incidentally, when you have 30 teams, four 50 players on the NBA side, I mean, part of my job is hearing directly from players. You know, I I've been at the league for a long time, so when players are coming through New York and playing the Knicks or the Nets, often they'll stop by the office. And in those one-on-one conversations, I can get a better sense from them. You know, how they see the league also are, our players are also the, the, the age in many cases of our core demographic. So I'm always interested in how a 26-year-old player is consuming the NBA. Are you watching games on your phone? What, what, you know, social media sites are you on, what podcasts like yours are, are they watching? So that's very helpful. And again, and it's not just owners of 30 teams.


You have team presidents and GMs and coaches. So lots of different constituent groups that are constantly, you know, providing feedback to the te to, to the league office and sharing information with and, and there that adage has never been more true, that two heads are better than one. And I just find that like, part of my job is to be a good listener and get advice from others and then, then somehow filter that advice and figure out what's in the best interest of the league. Yeah. What's the, what's the dumbest idea that has gone from, okay, that's a dumb idea to like, all right, we should actually think about this. Maybe it never even happened, but you at least paused and said, Hey, just look at this for a second. You know, LA last time I got that question on a show like this, it was a question that came from Dan Patrick.


It was, what was, what's the wildest idea you've gotten? And I said 10 minute quarters. And I've been responding to questions about 10 minute quarters ever since. So I'm gonna be really careful how I, how I answer this question. I mean, I'd say, you know, the people have raised the issue around the size of the court and the height of the basket. Mm. Like, that's one. I think there have been various times along the way. I mean, it's interesting now that there's so much discussion about three point shooting, you guys probably remember, you know, it was a while ago, but may maybe time flies. So more sort of in the mid nineties and later where there was a lot of criticism around the game because they thought people thought it would become too physical and the game there was too much activity under the basket, and that the players weren't as skilled as they used to be, and that they'd lost the art of shooting.


Yeah. And so, you know, and, and at that time, you know, where there seemed to be a prevalence of dunking, the thought was it's too easy to dunk. Yeah. And so I've always said that it's, it's quite remarkable then jump ahead till now where there's a lot of discussion around whether the players are frankly too skilled that three point shooting has become so dominant and that it's the level of di difficulty in essence isn't high enough on some of those shots. So I, you know, I don't, I can't say we ever seriously considered either, you know, raising the height of the basket or widening the court, but those are issues that have come, that have come up over the years. I I also think, you know, I, I'm trying to think of a particular example. I know that a lot of marketing ideas, I got one, you know, that I remember when teams first brought to the league the idea that we would put a brand on the uniform itself.


You know, and I remember at the time when we first discussed that, people said, and I wasn't commissioner yet when we first did that, David Stern was commissioner, but I, I was running the business side and people said, I can't believe you're gonna make our players look like NASCAR, you know, cars, et cetera, whatever. And I think that's become very accepted. You know, I think we did it in a fairly classy way. It's a relatively small logo, you know, on the team jerseys, but not that not only has added a lot of value to the league, but for those companies that choose to put their logos on team uniforms, they become that much more engaged in the league. They're that much more incentivized to promote the league. And so it sort of, it becomes, you know, a virtuous circle of sort of promotion around it.


So a few of those things, I think, you know, even looking at, I, I remember back in the day, in the nineties, early nineties now, when the continuous score clock was first proposed. I remember Dick Ebersol still a close friend, was the executive producer of the president of NBC sports. He opposed that idea, you know, bo both for football and basketball. I mean, it's almost unimaginable to watch a sporting event now and think you gotta wait, you know, forever many minutes till the director decides, you know, to show you the score again. Yeah. But remember in those days, I mean, the initial idea was, no, we don't wanna show a continuous score because if people tune in and they see it's a 10 point game or whatever, they'll tune out.


Yeah. And, and, and it took a long time. And again, that's one of those conventions, it's almost unimaginable now to watch a game where you can't see the score at any moment. And, and my sense is there's, I think a lot's about to change on the production side. I mean, as, as games are shifting from what I would call traditional television call that broadcaster cable to streaming. It creates all these new opportunities, all these new capabilities of the streamers because of interactivity to do new things on the screens. And I think, you know, we're like, like for example, I, I understand the criticism now from people who don't like to see sports, sports betting information during games. Whether it's because they don't want it personally or they don't want their kids to be able to see it. I think we're not that far away where you're just gonna go click.


And if you don't want any information about sports betting, you won't have to look at it. On the other hand, if you're someone in a state where it's illegal and you can get, get a bet on sports, you'll see a lot more information if that's what you want. So I think things will become much more customized over time. Yeah. That was a very thoughtful, nuanced answer. And what the main takeaway is that Adam Silver has considered raising the basket and extending the three point line. Mm. So in the past you've thought about it, you have the thought has crossed your mind. Ha Yeah, Here I go. Yeah. Yeah. Have you thought about, I Felt for it the second time. Listen, I just throwing this out there, like in baseball, every park is different. You know, the, the Yankee stadium, they got the short porch.


Have you thought about home teams getting to decide their own dimensions? So like, you go to Detroit and they've got eight foot rims. You go to, you go to, you go to see, play the Warriors and they've got, they're, they've extended their three point line by three feet. So every game is different. It's like, oh, we gotta go play here. They're playing on 14 foot rims. That'd be fun. I I definitely could make some news with my answer to that one. I, I, I would say so. So no, for the record, I haven't thought about that. But it is an interesting comparison. You know, I will say, just 'cause you mentioned baseball, talking about rule changes, I'm, I'm, I'm a huge baseball fan and I'm a big change, a big fan, I'm sorry. Of the changes that they've made. Yeah. Like, I think, you know, the pitch clock, you know, slightly enlarging the bases to make stealing easier and stuff like that.


Yeah. Like I, I've looked at those things, you know, and, and we've talked about that at the league office and with our competition committee. And when I think the, the most traditional, in my mind of all sports, you know, the most resistant to change, the fact that they're making changes in that, in that sport to keep up with the times I'm, I'm not sure, you know, different basket heights and different arenas is the answer. But I think it, it just means we have to stay on our toes and be open-minded about potential changes. By the way, just wanna correct one thing. Technically you have thought about changing the rims and the, because we literally were just discussing it, so we'll put that out there. We incepted you, you Have, you have technically thought of it. Fair point Just through this conversation. Fair point. We got you there. Yeah. So have you ever, do you ever hang out with other commissioners, you know, and, and just be like, Hey, commissioner to commissioner, here's something I'm thinking about.


I a Little bit, I, I don't know if, if they would describe it as hanging out, but I used to, when I first gotta the N NBA A in The nineties, Gary Beman still worked here. Yeah, yeah. Before he went to the NHL. So he worked for David Stern at the NBA. So, and, and we've stayed close over the years. Roger Goodell and I, I knew him well even before he became commissioner when, when Paul Tagley was commissioner and, and he's been great. When I remember the first thing when it was announced, I was Commissioner Roger was actually one of the first people to reach out to me and said, you know, anything I can share with you anything that'd be helpful with you. So we're obviously competitors in, in, in, in certain ways, but I think we're all fellow travelers trying to help each other think this notion that, you know, a rising tide raises all boats.


That it's what's good for premium professional sports is good for all of us. Same with Rob Manfred. I think I became commissioner right before he did. And we've compared notes on a lot of issues over, over the years. There's, again, as I said, I'm a big baseball fan. There's, he's invited me over the years to a bunch of different events that I've been to with him. I've been to, you know, Yankee games here in New York with him. So yeah, we, we all talk to each other. I mean, everybody's running around slightly different seasons, you know, so we're, we're, we don't get to spend that much time together, but they're, they're all great guys. Yeah. And There's some, some battles and some problems that only a, a fellow commissioner might understand, I'm sure that you go through. Yeah. Do you, hypothetically, not talking about anything in specific, but hypothetically, do you have anything that's in place where you could potentially deny a trade if like a team wanted to send a superstar to another team and maybe the return value on that superstar was not what would generally be expected?


You talking about Kyle Uzma hype? Yeah. So I'm a, I'm a Wizards fan. I'm not sure what you're referencing. Well, I'm a Wizards fan And we just sent Uzma, No, believe it or not that, and there's some confusion. I I, people have yelled out to me for some reason in the last week or so when I've been at games that I should be vetoing that trade the way David Stern vetoed a trade back in the old days. And, and there's always some confusion there. David never vetoed a trade that when he was the acting owner of New Orleans and the commissioner at the time, that he, he turned down a trade that was pro proposed to him by the general manager of the team. But no, I mean, the way we don't put a thumb on the scale, so to speak, that when a trade comes into the league office, what our sort of basketball and legal folks do is they make sure that that trade works under the confines of the collective bargaining agreement and what whatever rules are in place, and then it's up or down, it gets approved or not based on those rules, we, we don't get to weigh in on what we think the merits of the trade are or should be.


Okay, gotcha. I am gonna miss Kuzma big cat's. Right. That, that broke my heart. Did you text, did you at least text like a are you sure? No. Okay. You were pro, honestly, you, let's level, you were probably like, oh, Luca's going to la huge market. That's cool. You know, honestly, I, and, and, and I promise, you know, look at the league right now, that two clearly smaller market teams, certainly Oklahoma City, and Cleveland's a little bigger than Oklahoma City, but not one of the bigger markets in the league are the two best records in the league right now. And I think it's great. You know, we've had six different champions over the last six years. And I, I, you know, this may sound obvious, but I want all our teams to do well and be competitive.


And frankly, Dallas is a big market. And so, you know, was I surprised that he was traded from that standpoint. Yeah, I'm a fan. And that the teams don't necessarily give the league inside information on those kinds of things. So that trade was, you know, it, it wasn't one that I saw coming. And, and by the way, I, I love Luca. I've known him since the day he came into the league. He's obviously a great player. He's, he's a great young man. And teams make these trades for reasons that in some cases only they know. They, they have inside information about a player. They're living with a player. They have particular style they wanna play. They have a vision for what that team should become.


And truly only time will tell. I mean, I I, the one thing I'll say, I haven't been with this league for a long time. Like truly nothing is written. People who say they can predict, predict the future are generally can't. And, And we'll see. I'm, I'm sort of rooting for Dallas and I'm rooting for the Lakers. I'm rooting for Anthony Davis to recover quickly and be the all star we know he can be and stay healthy for a long time. And I'm definitely rooting for Luca to demonstrate to the world what a great player he is in la. Okay. So we shouldn't come to Adam Silver for grading of trades because we like to in sports media, like to just grade trades instantly and say that we're right And we know the future. You, you have your job and I have my job. You got job to grade.


It's my job is to make sure they comply with league rules. Yeah. You mentioned David Stern, I didn't realize this, but you got into the NBA by writing a letter to a bunch of different people asking for advice. And David Stern was one of those people who actually responded. Is that true? Because that's, that's a very cool Story. It's, so, I was practicing law in New York, just had only been a lawyer for a few years and decided I wanted to do something different. I wasn't, I'm still happy I went to law school. It's been very helpful to me along the years, over the years. But I, I wrote David a letter. This is pre-internet where you wrote letters and mailed them. And it's, and I actually was looking for advice.


I, it wasn't so much that I thought I wanted to work at the MBA and I'm always telling young people this story because it's so different these days where you can go on the internet and find out all kinds of information about the NBA and what happens to the league office. And there's all these sites where they rate people's jobs and they talk about whether they think they're fairly compensated and all that. I've seen none of that existed in those days. And so David was someone who had worked at a law firm in New York before he had made the transition. He came over to the NBA as the general counsel before he was the commissioner. But I wrote him a letter saying, I'm, I'm also a, a lawyer in New York. I'd be interested in making the transition. I wasn't so sure that it would be to a sports league.


And in fact, I, at the time, I worked for a law firm that was representing HBO and I was fascinated with the media business. And David at that time had recently done some of the initial cable deals where it was the early days of TBS and he had done a broadcast deal. Ted Turner was also an owner of the Atlanta Hawks. And he had done a deal with Ted Turner, put NBA games, ONT BS and I, because I was doing a lot of work for HBOI, ca, David Stern's name kept coming up in the context of media. So I wrote him a letter saying, you know, I'm interested in making this transition. If you ever had time, I'd, I'd love to meet you and talk to you. I, I'd actually met him once before he had worked at one point at the same law firm as my father.


I didn't really know David, but it, but the sort of letter began, I'm the son of such and such and hoping that that, that, you know, would sort of build a bridge to him. He, I remember his, he, he called me, you know, and I think in those days too, you were used to sending a letter and not hearing back for, you know, some cases, weeks. It was just everything moved at a different pace. He, his assistant called me at some point and said he liked to schedule time with you. And I, my office was in New York City, I mean, where I am today in the, in the NBA office, the same place as we were in the early nineties when Dave was commissioner and I was just across town and assistant called me. He scheduled again, like everything moved slower. It was like, you freed two weeks from Tuesday or whatever.


And I came and saw him and he gave me some advice about how I might transition outta law. That's what I was interested in doing. And some media advice. And then I'll condense the story. 'cause I've already been long-winded. At some point he reached back out to me and said, there's something I'd like to talk to you about. And it turned out he was looking for an assistant and, and, and he ultimately hired me. And my first job at the NBA was special assistant to the commissioner, worked for David. I was, I was 30 years old, it was, so 32 years ago I came to work here and, and then worked as an assistant, then became chief of staff. I mentioned, you know, and I, I then went to the, what was the entertainment side of the business, ran a division called BA entertainment for years deputy commissioner.


And so this is my sixth job being commissioner. So I, I worked my way up the ladder here. Wow. The NB for years. That's awesome. Very cool that he took the time to do that. Yeah. Very, very cool. Yeah, no, it was, by the way, I, I have to say, I mean, you know, David changed my life in so many ways and I had five different jobs before I was commissioner, all of them working for David. And I sort of would joke to people, even when I was the deputy commissioner, my job was still the special assistant David Stern. Right, right. And I mean, you guys, everybody is, you know, you may have had a chance to meet him over the years. I mean, he was full of life. He was a genius when it came to sports marketing. I, I think as much credit as he gets maybe not enough for transforming the whole industry, not just the NBA, just everybody's approach.


Even I remember when I came to work at the NBA, I mean, he was the first person who really thought of the NBA as a brand, you know, as a brand marketer. Even though his background was as a lawyer. I mean, now it's just a, given that NBA as a brand, M-L-B-N-H-L-N-F-L, obviously, you know, but it's like he had a whole different way, a whole different vocabulary of approaching sports. And also I think about how much of my time now I spend on growing the game globally. I mean, David was so far ahead of his time. And when I got to the NBA in 92, you know, shortly thereafterwards, the dream team and, you know, which also transformed the NBA. I mean, one interesting statistic at the time that I got to the NBA, roughly 5% of the league players in the league were born outside the United States states.


Now it's around 30%. Wow. You know, when you, you mentioned Luca or Giannis, you know, go, go, go down the weby, you know that now, you know, the Joker are, are very best players. Many of them are born outside the United States now. And that pool of players, I mean, just, you got a chance to watch some of the Olympics out of Paris at US Serbia game or the US France game. You know, I, you know, there's so much high level BA basketball being played around the world, and David really had that vision that this could truly be a global game. Yeah. That's very cool. Well, while we have you here, I I just want to give you a piece of unsolicited advice for me and take it from what you will, but I think a lot of people agree with me. One of the, one of the most frustrating things to watch in the NBA and I love watching basketball, but this is very frustrating when players are obviously flopping and embellishing fouls.


Is it in consideration to make embellishment flopping, reviewable, technical foul cut and dry? Don't do it because it, it's, it's tough to watch on tv. Well, so, you know, it was only, it's either a year ago or two years ago, we added the ability to call a technical in game, you know, for flopping. So that was a, that was a, a change in rules, a new rule that we did, you know, cut modeled a little bit after the fever rules, the international basketball rules. And we have a provision where we do review after the fact. Obviously we want finality in the game. So we, we're not gonna go back and change scores or anything, but guys can be fined after the fact. And at least according to our own, you know, sort of reviews of the games, we've cut back considerably on flopping.


It's still, I will say that, you know, for my European colleagues, European friends, you know, there's a tradition in European soccer or global soccer of flopping. It was sort of to me, brought to the NBA stylistically by a lot of the international players. A lot of 'em grew up as soccer players. We've tried to crack down on it, you know, it's, it's, again, I think we've made progress. My sense is that as various forms of replay get better and get faster, you know, look, the, the problem is by definition you're fooling the ref. And if you get away with it, you know, especially in real time, you get the, all you can do after the fact is potentially find the players. But you know, that, and, and I think you said it, it's, it's, the embellishment is the hardest because now their teaching in youth basketball is, you know, you wanna demonstrate to the officials at least that the way they're taught is to embellish to that the official clearly sees.


So, you know, you're often seeing somebody shoved and they're going flying backwards. And then so the official in real time, and I, and I I, I understand too, you know, you know, player frustration, fan frustration sometimes with the officiating we're doing everything can to, to, to, to make it better. But I I, I, when I watch the officials, it's remarkable to me what they can do in real time. I mean, when you think in a split second and the speed of the game to making those calls and then add flopping on top of that or embellishment that they're supposed to be able to discern the difference. And, you know, the, the amount of force that's going into a push and the reaction from the players. I, I, I will say that, that, you know, technology that changes in technology will help us there.


I mean, just shifting slightly, it's not, doesn't go directly to, to flopping, but, you know, guys are constantly trying to offic fool the officials when who did it touch last, you know, and they're pointing and, and et cetera, that we're not that far away from having technology where, just like you think in tennis where if, you know, where there's an automated call as to whether the ball was inside the line or outside of the line, you know, it's this technology called Hawkeye. It's owned by Sony. We, we are working with the, with, with Sony also to bring that to basketball so that whoever's, you know, I think there's a hundred fingers on the floor at any given time, various body parts, you know, to, to instantaneously show who the ball went out on, you know, if somebody's foot was on the line, anything that can be objectively determined, goal tending, et cetera.


And I think that will allow, so one, there'll be a, a whole category of calls that will be objectively right or wrong, but, and, And we will speed up the game from that standpoint. And, but just as importantly, for those more subjective calls, the officials won't have to both be looking at the feet of somebody's feet to see if they touch the line and their hands at the same time, they can really focus on what is truly subjective. And, and I think we'll do be able to do a better job sort of discerning whether there's some kind of, you know, embellishment going on. So it, it, it's, you know, the, if the standard is perfection, we got a long ways to go. But I, I think we've made improvements There. Have you thought about maybe making the standard not perfection? And I say that in that I, I think you've, you've talked about this before, the review system games slow down at the end.


It's a really hard watch for people. And, And we wanna watch the action. What about just doing a week where there's no reviews and every team knows it, and it's like, Hey, we're not doing any instant replay, we're not doing any reviews. The call on the court stands and just see how the game flow goes. It's interesting to say that like, number one, we did, you know, a couple years ago we changed the format. At the end of the game, we reduce the number of timeouts And we reduce the ability for officials to go to discretionary reviews. I mean, you recall just a few years ago, virtually every play towards the last two minutes, you know, the players were going like this, you know, so we added one more coach's challenge, you know, but, but we reduced those discretionary reviews and I think that's, that's made a big difference.


And to your point, I've had many players and coaches tell me over the years that they would prefer a speed to accuracy in certain cases because especially near the end of the game, you know, I, when there's those long reviews, guys are literally getting cold standing there, getting outta rhythm and they just assume say, all right, you know, you know, red ball and move forward and move on, as opposed to waiting for the endless reviews. And, and as I said, I think back to the technology that there, that, you know, some people also don't like that we might have a different standard in the last two minutes, but look, when you have game like basketball where there's a lot of scoring, even if there's a bad call in the second quarter, you can make up for it over the course of the game.


And, but you can't necessarily in the last two minutes. So I'm, I'm in favor of there potentially being more scrutiny, but as I was saying, if you can use technology and take a whole category of calls off the table and that they're now objective, you know, I think we can reduce the number of replays because also in those calls, just like in tennis, it'll just be, you'll see sort of the quick animation. I I think you need transparency. People don't wanna just be told, you know, bulls ball. They wanna know what happened. And just like in Tennessee, ding ding, dinging, you'll see like some animation, you'll see what's going on. But then, and, and also if you think back like the, some early days in tennis, there was a lot more arguing Yeah. You know, with the officials. And now once you see that animation and you know, and there's a an ooh in an ah, from the fans that just barely touch the line or whatever else, but, you know, it's play on and, and, and I think everyone would prefer that.


Yeah. Just think about no review week. It'd be a whole event. All right. We could just be like, Hey, it's no review Week. Yeah. Suck it up, please. Yeah. This is Kind of a fun thing you mark, If, if I say I'm thinking about it, does that mean it's under consideration? You've already thought about it, it's under consideration. Yeah. Yeah. You've already thought just have every ref just say life isn't fair. Yeah, right. Tough shit. You know, It's interesting though, but I, you know, I I've actually made that point not using those same, same language, but, you know, human error is part of this game. Yeah. It's certainly part of the game when a player misses a shot, somehow it gets lost sometimes that it's also part of the game when an official makes a mistake. Yeah. And, and I get it. And if official makes too many mistakes, they can't be an official in this league, but you're right, perfection can't be the standard.


There are going to be mistakes. And I think, and often what separates the best teams is their ability to move on from that mistake and not just lastly say, you know, we have seven game series in the playoffs. Yep. And I think that as, I think some of the best basketball minds in league will say that it's a highly likely that the, at least for that week or two weeks, the better team is gonna win the seven game series. Yeah, yeah. Regardless of the officiate. Yeah. Also, a bad call gives us something to yell about the day after the show. Yeah. Right. So we'll be, we'll be screaming we'll be, if, if you just make it perfection. It's like, we're the dog that was chasing the car And We catch it. I think the saw on those trades we were talking about that NBA seems ready made for social media. Yes. Yes, it does. On a chat.


It does, yeah. Has there been any consideration to, to adjusting the league schedule? I know it's been in place for a long time in the general format that it's in, but, but waiting and starting the, the year on maybe Christmas day and extending it at the end. There has been, I mean, that, that is one, one thing that we have thought a fair amount about. And we've looked at different proposals and I think for a lot of people, you're right, that there was always this notion that the league, you know, in the old days we would start on NBC on Christmas day, we've started network television, Christmas Day, sort of, you know, the regular season of the n na NFL had had wound down, people could now move their attention.


The NBA, the issue we have there is one of moving into the summer. And, and by the way, things are changing so rapidly culturally, in terms of viewership and everything else, that nothing, no idea is ever completely dead. But at least historically, the thought was we wanted our season to be over by July 1st, in essence. And we sort of working backwards. If you're gonna get at the draft in, in the last week of June, you know, and you're gonna therefore start the finals, but anticipating you potentially could have a seven game finals, it means you gotta start roughly June 1st, working backwards, sort of that, that's how you end up with a training camp in October season. It starts roughly the beginning of November.


I mean, people's television habits have changed dramatically. I think in large part, you know, we all, you know, reaching for my phone, we all carry a TV with us everywhere we go. Now, look at the kinds of things. I, I would put you guys in the category of non-traditional media. You know, that, that the amazing popularity now of podcasts like yours, people's enormous amount of time, you know, looking at screens, listening to audio feeds of things that, you know, it, the, the other thing about us moving into July is sort of, let's just say, okay, you can move the finals into July, then you got, we have our summer league. When does the, you know, and, and part of it, it's, it's actual consideration. Like when do they get vacation? Yeah. And part of it is, it's always in our, the tradition, this league, there's sort of the equivalent of a summer vacation that matches up with family vacations.


Even once, you know, summer league ends, it's sort of the third week of July. You know, things can settle down a little bit, you know, in, you know, for, for the last part of July and August. And now I'm not talking about the league office largely for the players and the arrest on their body and everything else. So, you know, I will say, you know, I think all these things we, we will continue to look at. I don't think in the short term we'll do it. I, I just last say, I mean there used to be this notion, you know, in television they call hut levels, households, using television that traditionally because of summer vacation and things that once you got to July 1st, there were fewer people watching television, which, why, again, historically, you know, all the primetime shows, you know, when we were younger would launch in the fall.


You can almost think of the beginning of the NFL season shows with launching. I think though now, as I said, like people's television habits have changed dramatically. Like streaming has changed a lot of those conventions, like new shows launch on Netflix all the time, you know, in July, nobody thinks twice about it. So I, I I think these are all things that we'll continue to look at.


Alright, so I got one last question for you. This has been so much fun. NBA Allstar weekend this weekend. My last question, it's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take, I have to pitch you my one idea that I've had for many years and you gotta think about it and I don't need credit for it when you actually enact it.


So there's obviously been issues at times with fans getting a little unruly, maybe talking too much to the players. That whole experience, my rule is very simple. Every single player, when the season starts, gets one chance to call out any fan they want and they just get to beat the fuck outta them in the middle of the court. And once they use it, they can't, they can't use it again for the rest of the year. Thoughts on that rule? Not a good idea. Okay. But listen, no, but no, you're, you're not seeing the vision. You, when you go, when you see Kevin Durant and you decide to, you know, say something really like mean to him, you're like, wait, does he have his one fight of fan left this year?


You, you lost me on the beat the shit out of him part. Yeah, Well, Sort of, I was with you up to like, alright, you single out one fan and then we'll review that fan's conduct, think About the ratings. So Mr. Commissioner, think about the ratings. They're like, oh my God, we're going to Sacramento. And you know, DeMar DeRozen has called out someone from the 10th row and they're about to fight in the middle of the, they're stopping the game to fight. Well bring a cage. Yeah, Sure. Of the arena is, is the fan allowed to fight back? Yes. Yes. So that's also part of it. Like, you Don't wanna call, you know, I didn't fully consider your idea. Yeah. You can, like, you call out someone with cauliflower ears and you might be, you, you might have been asking for too much. Are you making fun of my ears? No, you don't have cauliflower ears, but I have made fun of your ears in the past.


I'm sorry. Apologize. I Long time listener. Well, yeah, you can listen to anything. Sorry. You, you, you put you out That for me. Sorry. Apologize. I walked into that. Or just maybe at least just allowing fights like in hockey. Yeah. Like blow off. Yeah. You know, It's so ing. I will say I'm, I'm New Yorker, I'm a Rangers fan and go to games occasionally. And as you guys remember, there was that era again back to the nineties when there was a fair amount of fighting in the league. And David Stern, you know, he cracked down on it. You know, we had automatic suspensions walking off the bench and all that. And it's still surprising me to this day when I go to a hockey game and they face up and the official step back.


Yeah, yeah. You know, and I get, I mean there's, there's, there's, you know, and part of the culture of hockey, and I know I've heard the arguments that by having, allowing players to fight things out and that way actually cuts down on violence in certain cases by having enforcers and everything else. It's obviously so foreign to the NBA, but you know, based on the idea you're sharing, think about it. I'll share it with Gary Beman too. Maybe just bring fans in as well. Yeah, Yeah. Well, I mean, think that's happened before Ty Domi in the penalty box. We, we, we had a lot more dumb ideas that maybe next time you come on we can pitch you because I, I know that we, we had a ton of 'em. So maybe we'll just do an entire podcast where we give you the dumbest ideas. All right. I'm available. I Did have a fix the All Star weekend.


It was just in line with the LeBron Brony thing that the winning team gets automatically, their firstborn gets a one year contract in the NBA. That's a good idea too. That's a pretty good idea. That's a good idea. Or I, you know what I Legacy league what I was gonna pitch 'em, which I won't pitch him. Yeah. But I was just gonna pitch him rigging the draft. Oh yeah. Would that, that Would be a smart idea. That would be a good thing to do. Which team? For the Wizards Cooper flag to the Wizards. Yeah. You know, I'm a Duke guy. Cooper's unbelievable, huh? He's Great. He's great. We would take such good care of him in DC. You're also a DC guy. Yes. There you go. Alright, well Commissioner, thank you so much. We really appreciate it. Hopefully you enjoyed this And we can have you on again.


And we, like I said, we'll we'll do an episode, special episode where we just give you the hundred dumbest ideas we've ever thought of. And when you think about 'em, everyone's gonna be like, Adam Silver's thinking about this. 'cause you are thinking about the fight a fan rule. You have technically thought of it Mulling it over. Yes. Yes. Alright, thanks so much. Good luck this weekend at All Star weekend. Thank you Commissioner. Yeah, thanks guys so much.


Adam Silver was brought to you by our great friends over at Aura Frames. I know we all, there was somebody who loves taking photos, but there hundreds of pictures are just wasting way on their phone. Stop. Start putting them to good use with a unique, stylish digital picture frame from Aura Frames. It was named the number one digital picture frame by Wirecutter and for a good reason it's so easy to set up and they have different frame options. I got an aura frame for my mom for Christmas. It's up in her living room right now. I can with like three taps on my phone, open up the app, put a picture that I have on my phone on her Aura frame in her living room and boom, she's got another picture ready to go. She loves it. It's a great, great present to give. The best part is that it comes with unlimited storage. All you need is the free Aura app and you need a wifi connection. You can upload as many photos and videos as you want year round. I've got it right now in my mom's living room. Super easy to set up. It took about five minutes to set up on Christmas. There is a picture of me and Jerry O'Connell in the back of the El Camino that cycles through that she likes. She wanted, make sure that one was up in her aura frame. But you can put whatever you want on there right now. You can save on the perfect gift that keeps on giving by visiting Aura Frames dot com. For a limited time, listeners can get 20 bucks off their bestselling carver mat frame with code PMT. That's a URA frames.com promo code P-M-T-A-U-R-A frames.com promo code PMT. Don't forget to mention that we sent you to show you support for the show. Terms and conditions apply.


It's also brought to you by our great friends over at NASCAR. It's NASCAR season. It's Daytona season. The adrenaline, the majesty, the excitement of the Daytona 500 is something that you must experience in person. There's nothing like witnessing the stars of NASCAR battle for position going 200 miles per hour on this two and a half mile Speedway 40 drivers will compete against the likes of Chase Elliot, Ryan Blaney, Denny Hamlin, Ross Chastain, and Bubba Wallace as they try to make their mark to start a historic NASCAR season. You won't want to miss this once in a lifetime sporting event. Tune in on Sunday, February 16th at two 30 Eastern on Fox. You get the first checkered flag of the season at the iconic Daytona 500 Daytona 500. Tune in on Fox. Saturday Feb, excuse me. Sunday, February 16th, 2:30 PM The Daytona 500 is back.


This interview with Joe Burrow is brought to you by Body Armor and Body Armor Flash iv. It's time to reach for real hydration with body armor Flash IV packed with electrolytes, zinc for added immune boost and no artificial sweeteners, flavors or dyes. Flash IV provides the rehydration that your body needs, whether you're feeling under the weather, if you just had an intense workout or if you're recovering from a long weekend, max Body Armor Flash IV helps bring you back. The Flash IV also tastes great. Body armor Flash IV has brought me back after the case race. I spent a day on my couch. I was drinking body armor. Flash iv. Felt like a million bucks by the afternoon. Felt really good. It gets dehydration back in. You get yours today at Walmart or at a local grocery store near you. And now here's Joe Burrow.


Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. It is our good friend Joe Burrow, who should be the MVP this year. But he's here promoting the FedEx Aaron Ground NFL Player of the Year where you are nominee. Joe, good to see you. This is the first time we've all been together in New Orleans since we, since you won the national championship. That's right. It's good to see you somewhat sober right there, Right now. Yeah, I feel great right now. Yeah. I couldn't say the same five years ago. Yeah. Yeah. But you, you are a nominee for FedEx, Aaron Ground NFL Player of the Year. I'll, I'll confidently say I feel like you reminded everyone about Joe Burrow because we had that conversation in June that people forgot about Joe Burrow. I don't think people forget about Joe Burrow anymore.


I agree. Yeah, I think I had a great year. I think I had my best year as a pro. I'm excited for, I think there's another level that I can hit. So I'm excited to go and hit that next year. Okay. What's the next level Be Better, Better, better than this Joe? Yeah, so like 7,000 yards. 7,000. I mean the stats are, stats are gonna fluctuate year to year really. And it just kind of depends on how the year is going, how each individual game is going. 'cause you could throw for four touchdowns in the first quarter and then the game's over, but you threw for 170 yards and now you're not really throwing it anymore. Right. So it kind of just depends on, on the year. But just playing better really.


If you have, if You have a great game, let's say you throw for like 400 yards, four touchdowns hypothetically, something like that, and you end up losing that game, you feel bad afterwards I'm sure. 'cause you wanna win. How long does it take for you through that week to be like, you know what, I'm actually pretty happy with my performance. It's definitely better than throwing for 150 and losing. I would say it kind of just depends on how you feel like you played, you know, sometimes you could throw for a lot of yards, but then you, you missed a couple early in the game. You missed a couple late in the game. You made a couple bad decisions and you don't really feel like you played great. But some, most of the time when you throw for 400 you, you feel pretty good about it.


Yeah. Yeah. You keep waiting for old Norm Van Brolin's record to fall to, was it 550 yards passing in the game? Oh yeah. It's kind of crazy that it ha I think it's 5 45 maybe it hasn't happened in like 50 years. And with the NFL being so pass heavy right now, you keep hoping like one, one of these days a quarterback will throw for 550. I'd like it to be you. Yeah. I got to 5 25 in 2021 against the Ravens. So I'm thir I think I'm third in that list. But it would be, it would would be nice to have a five, a 600 yard game would be pretty cool. I dare you Do that. Mahomes had like a 700 yard game in college against, against Baker. Baker, yeah. At Oklahoma. That was crazy. That box score is a very fun box score to look at where you're just like, oh shit.


Were you in the zone at all this year? Because it feels like you were there was that, I wanna call it like five, six, seven game stretch where it was just like, write it down 2 75, 3 touchdowns every single week. Yeah. After, after the first Baltimore game. I feel like I was pretty dialed in for the rest of the year. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you could kind of tell, it was just like, I don't, I don't wanna say it was on easy mode for you, but you could tell me if you, if you ever felt like that. Maybe it's a better way to say it is you just, it felt like you saw everything so perfectly for that stretch. It was, it was moving slow for me. It definitely felt easy at times. Di definitely didn't feel easy at times too.


But that's how, that's how life in the NFL goes. Yeah. Yeah. And tonight you've got the NFL Honors. Good luck. Thanks. I think statistically a lot of people would say Joe Burrow could be the MVP, but more importantly, what are you gonna wear to this? I've got a, you got a fit plan? I've got a nice aloe suit planned. Anything shocking. No shirt underneath. Wait, ALO is the, is that the place in California with like the saunas and stuff? Correct. Yeah. They don't let guys like us in there. I'm sure they would let you in if you Absolutely not If you came with me. Oh, no way. They would just be like, can you just wait at the car? I see those videos. It's just all hot people.


I mean, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. You just confirmed that in a nice way. You confirmed that. So two homeless people just followed you in. Would you like us to arrest them? Yeah. Yes, please. How is not for us? Do you regret any of your fits this year? The Ellen DeGeneres one. Which One was that? It was the, the pink shirt with the white vest and the white pants. Oh. That, that one wasn't my best. Okay. All Right. Good. All right. I feel good because I wasn't my best about asking about it, but that one you got roasted. That was probably my least favorite Okay. Of The year. Okay. Mm. I wore a lot of pink this year, but I feel like I felt pretty good about most of them I would say. Now We've always wondered like what, when you wear a fit like that and then you lose you, you go straight to sweats right after, right?


Or do you go back into the fit? I think it just depends on the game. Okay. If it's a, if it's like a playoff game And we lose, I'll probably wear the fit to the press conference. Okay. Because one year cam wore a suit Yeah. To the Super Bowl and then they lost and then didn't wear it to the press conference. And people felt weird about that. Yeah. So I actually respected that. Yeah. I think you should have like a say you should, maybe you should have like a clown suit. If you lose, you actually put on a clown costume. That'd be good. That's not, that's not a bad idea. Idea. Kind Of def flex it away from you. Yeah. What if the n what if the NFL made that a rule? If you lose, you have to wear the clown suit to the press conference.


Big red nose. Yeah. I Kinda like that. No, you and I actually have a little bit in common. Joe. We've both been victims of crime this year. I had all my clothes stolen really off my front porch. And Why, why was it on your front porch? Well, I, I did, I sent away for laundry because it was Oh, gotcha, okay. A long weekend of football. So I wasn't home to, to do the wash, but I had two big ass bags of clothes that just got stolen off my front porch. And I lost basically all my clothes. I've been trying to dress like you. Mm. Do you have any advice for me? Like, do you have a, a stylist that you use? Because I feel like now I'm 40, I gotta level up a little bit. I gotta start, you know, stunting on these hoes a little bit. Yeah. So yeah. Who's your stylist and can they also give me some help? His Name's Kyle Smith.


He does, he does great. We, he just brings some stuff and I tell him if I like it, if I don't like it and if I'm gonna wear it or if I'm not gonna wear it. Okay. That's pretty easy. Yeah. You Think I could pull off some of those fits? 100%. Well, when, when people say like, oh you look like Ellen DeGeneres or in this or what, whatever. Like, they say that about me, but in like a bad way. Oh yeah, Yeah. With you. It's like, oh yeah, you can look like a lesbian. Be hot with me. It's like, you look like a fool. Yeah. Yeah. When pe people, people say that like, it's a, like a derogatory comment. Like, right. Like lesbians don't dress well. Yeah. They They dress really well. Yeah, They Do. Mine is selling degenerate. I don't think she dresses great. Well, maybe she doesn't dress exactly. Like maybe somebody that's 25, 20 Stop at me, stop Looking at me.


Whatcha whatcha doing right now? You just listen. My dress, my, my stylist is like the same four popup ads I get on Instagram and then I buy it and I'm like, oh shit, I already have this shirt. I Think every time I've ordered something on a Instagram, it's never come To my mind. Oh yeah. Get robbed. Just a donation. I just look at like one flannel shirt in early October and then the rest of the, the winter I'm just buying flannel Shirts. You're a big flannel Guy. I, no, but it's the popups. I just buy the popups. Oh that's a yellow one. Oh, that's a green one. Oh shit. I don't have this one. It comes, it looks exactly like the other ones. I usually buy something in September and then I spend the next four months just tracking it from China as it's making its way here. It's like on a boat somewhere crossing Taiwan.


I'm like, I'm never getting that command Distracted. You get it in two years. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. What, so this season was obviously disappointing for you guys, but how, how is it like when you're, when you get into a season and you're playing great but the team is losing, like trying to figure out like what's that like in the locker room when it's like, you know, the defense went through some struggles, started playing well at the, the end. Yeah. Like is it, is it awkward? Is it hard? I, I don't really understand the dynamic and how it works. Yeah. I would say it's tough to describe 'cause you're obviously, I mean you're in it as a team. So everybody's down in the dumps, right.


In the locker room. It's not like, oh we're the offense. We scored 30 but we lost. Right. Like, we're happy. Like nobody's happy about that. And there were definitely games that the offense could have closed it out in which we didn't. But when you're playing, you know, I, like I said, I felt like I had my best year as a pro and so I was happy about that week in and week out. It was pretty frustrating. I've never had a year like this so it was mentally taxing and challenging to continue to stay disciplined and consistent week in and week out, day in and day out.


But you know, at some point you just realize that this is your job and that's what you do. And if I'm gonna continue to play as good as I want to, then I'm gonna have to keep doing these things daily to put myself in the best position to succeed. Yeah. Sounds like you guys are a lot more mature than us because we just finger point instantly. Like literally if something, I mean you walked into it a little bit with the QB skills competition. We did last night. We just spent the last two hours just sitting in this room just finger pointing. Yeah. That's hilarious. You Can't do that in the pros. Well Hank was really bad and as a quarterback like me and Big Cat, our salaries depend on a guy like the quarterback. Right. Right. If we're not, if he's making us look bad, then it's like, what are we gonna do?


We're just gonna, we're gonna become divas. So you guys are receivers? Well we could be. We're just divas. Oh, okay. Yeah. Without, we're like diva wide receivers. Except we're not good at playing wide receiver. Well like if you said, if you said to your huddle, you're like, Hey, I got us guys, let's go on a drive. And then you went three for 57. Yeah. What do you think they would say? They Probably lose a little trust in my abilities. Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah. Trust. You said something in Pro Bowl week, your your wrist is still a little funky. I mean, I wouldn't say funky, but whenever you have a ligament injury, your joint is gonna take around two years to get all the mobility back and everything that you feel like you Need. And you still had the best year as a pro.


So yeah. You, he is going for seven k this could he going for seven K. This could be like Rookie of the year situation. What does that mean? Like it healed? Have you ever seen that movie? No. The kid that, that breaks his arm all of a sudden he can throw like 98 miles an hour. Oh that would Be great. Like if you have a ligament injury, maybe it just made you a better quarterback. I hope so. Yeah. Does it, does it feel good right now? It feels good right now. There were a couple times I fell on it during the year. It didn't quite feel as good. Yeah. I would say and kind of just depending on the day, but we got into a good routine at the end of the year to feel as good as I could by Sunday. Having a a fully healthy off season though, that'll probably be nice for you. Yeah, I haven't had a ton of those. I think that'll just help me level up even more because I'm not gonna be focused on rehab and everything.


I can just focus on quarterback specific things, working out, getting my body the way that I want to for, for the year. So I'm excited about that. Yeah. Have you thought about maybe telling Coach Taylor, like, I've been thinking about it a lot for the Bengals specifically. Like a hypnotist comes in and convinces the whole locker room that week one is actually week four and you've already started Oh and three, It's not a bad idea. Yeah. Right. Because I feel like the Haven't gone off to the great, the greatest starts in my career, I would say. So hopefully we can figure out a way to change that. A hypnotist might not be a bad idea. Yeah. The urgency because I, I I've, I have power ranking, well my com I have a computer that does power rings every week and it never gave up on the Bengals.


'cause I was just like, well Joe Burrow's there and like they're gonna figure it out. And it was close. It was close. Yeah. You guys came so close Once we hit four and eight, that was tough to come back from. Yeah. The four and eight. It was just every week was just like shit. Every week felt like a heartbreaker. Yeah. You go back, I would get back to my house and be like, how the fuck did we lose that game? Yeah. Alright, so we need a hypnotist or something. What you could do is you could just play all your starters throughout the preseason Yeah. And just lose those games that, That's not a bad idea too. And then, then week one is literally week four for you. I'm, I'm pro playing in the preseason. I would say. Did You play, you didn't play in this last person played Like seven snaps. Okay. That You've been o for seven. If you were Hank Yeah. What, what does that feel like in going out for preseason game?


You're like, you're gonna go on the field and you're going to take two snaps, hand the ball off twice and then leave the field. Yeah. It's weird because you're not game planning the opposing team. Like you'll watch a couple snaps of their defense before the game, but you're going out there and it's like, oh I wonder what they're gonna play. Because you don't really know, especially if it's a team that you haven't played before or a coordinator that you haven't played before. So it's, the offense is at a disadvantage in the preseason. So I always feel bad for these young quarterbacks that go into the preseason and they play like shit. Because you're not gonna play well in the preseason because your coaches aren't game planning their defense and you're just running out and running your training camp plays against a defense that those plays aren't built for.


Right. And so when guys, when people come outta the preseason, they're like, this guy stinks. Well it's not exactly the case. We Do it the other way sometimes where somebody will be really good in the preseason And we will be like, that guy should start. Yeah. Like Kyle Slowder, he was a, a preseason legend for a long time as a backup. I don't think he ever played a snap. Could he run? Yeah, he could run a little bit. Yeah. A Lot of running quarterbacks excel in the preseason I would say. Yeah. And you always think like going the season, man, this guy should be getting snaps over Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. This guy's way better captain. You're, you're running, I feel like you had a couple big runs this year. You ever, when you, whenever you get out in the open field you're like, oh fuck, I made a mistake. Me like I'm yeah. I'm about to get, I'm to get lit up That bills, the bills is here.


Yeah. I don't think I've ever really felt that way. Okay. I'm getting better at sliding and protecting myself. Yep. And I'm getting more agile so I'm making some more people miss. I'm getting a little faster and I'm gonna continue to work on that. So I'm just gonna feel better and better about it. You are getting faster. Yeah. That's crazy. You've got Could get faster. Yeah. You've very gotta Slower every day of my life To, you just have to run fast. Yeah. You got a very long slide now I've noticed. Yeah. I'm, you go like seven yards on a slide. I know. I haven't quite perfected it. Like Lamar will do some like weird stuff and then get down without getting hit. I'm not, I don't have that in me. I don't think so. I'm just gonna do the baseball slide.


Yeah. I'd like to not go as far I would say, but I feel like my slide into knee, into the ground pop up. It's Good. It's cool. It's good. Lamar likes to dive at people's knees when he goes down. Yes. That's, yeah. Which is like a pretty effective way I think to avoid It. Well because when he gets close to people, everybody just breaks down because they're so worried about him making 'em miss. Right. So then he starts going like that and then everybody stops and then he just goes down. He gets everyone on their heels. Yeah. I don't get anybody to stop like that. Yeah. No. Do you ever, do you ever like learn new moves for open field running? Definitely. Like You watch YouTube and you're like, okay, I could do this. Or I Mean more so like I practice it walking around.


Like I'll be walking through a hall or like in my house and I'll like try something, like a spin. I'm working on a spin move right now. A Euro step. I love that. Yeah. Just zero stepping random people on the street. Yeah, exactly. Do you have any That's just guys being dudes where I just cross people up. Yeah. Do you have any pets? I don't have any pets. I had pets when I was little though. I had a, I had a cat. I had two turtles. I had two frogs and I had a lizard. Whoa. It's kind of freaky. That's borderline kind of a weirdo kid. I know. If you went snake, if you added one more snake would've been like uhoh. This isn't funny anymore. Yeah. I used to love going to the pet store and getting the crickets and feeding them to my lizard. Yeah. It's, yeah. Wait, what was your lizard's name? Lizzie. Okay. That's a good name.


That's solid. Smart. Just Say if you had a dog you could just juke out your dog. Dogs are too much for me. Yeah. Why? I like being around dogs but I couldn't live with a dog. I don't think. You think you just love it too much. I think they're just too in your face. They do like to be in your face. Like That is true. Just do your own thing for a little bit. Your cat Cat. That's a cat, cat, cat. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. If you were a dog or a cat, I would say Joe Burrow cat. Yeah. Yes. For sure. I know you're gonna be asked this a lot because obviously t Higgins is is a free agent and they're gonna be like, Hey Joe, will you take a restructure of your deal? I'm not gonna ask if you're gonna restructure your deal. I'm gonna actually ask what does that mean? Restructuring a deal? Can you explain to us like we're five?


Yeah. So you could do a couple different things. You could convert some of the money to a signing bonus. Okay. Which will lower the cap hit. You can push some of the money to the back end of the contract. And then when you get to the, that lowers the cap. And then when you get to the back end of the contract, you can restructure it and convert it to a signing bonus. Okay. And then you can also just take less money And which one were you gonna do? We'll see. Okay. I, I don't like what big cat's doing. Joe. I think that you deserve every penny that you've signed for. You don't have to restructure anything. Don't feel like, oh I have to keep T around. It's not your responsibility that's on the team commanders. I think t's entitled to make his money.


But you're entitled to make your money too, Joe. Don't listen to this guy restructuring this guy's big business right Now. Don't take any less money. Right. You just get you Could. Okay. You could, But you're, it is most of the guys just convert it to To signing bonus. Yeah. Is that you would do that? I would do that. Okay. Okay. I don't like, I don't like what he's doing. He's putting pressure on you. You should feel entitled to the money that you've earned. It is. It is a weird situation though that you're in. 'cause like I think that's just part of what happens with the quarterbacks where it's like there's a little more pressure on them where they have the biggest deal. So they have, if they want to get flexibility, a lot of times it comes down to the quarterback to have to be the guy who has to step up and do that with The contract. Yeah. At the same time though the, this was the last year that all the COVID like cap money restrictions across the league were implemented.


So the next like three or four years, I think the cap's going to just Cap's going up. The cap's going up. Okay. Quite a just keep saying cap's going up, cap's going up. T Higgins went up, It went up 8% last year. It'll probably be similar. More. You've looked at this, you've definitely crunched, you've definitely like been laying in bed late at night just looking at like a spreadsheet. Being like, okay, all right. Cap's Going up. You understand the cap. I mean not really kind of because We don't think that it exists. Yeah. Way more than we do. Yeah. Well definitely some teams seem to make it feel that way. Yeah. Yeah. I mean the Saints have just pretended it doesn't exist for a While now. Yeah. And the Eagles are paying everybody. Yeah. Yeah. So that seems like the way whatever they're doing. Yeah. I feel like adjusting the salary cap is like the final boss of how many different things can we change because of Covid.


Yeah. It's like covid happened. Okay, well we're gonna have to redo the NFL salary cap obviously. And we need to make some changes there. Well It's weird in baseball you have no, I don't know what the, but some teams are paying like nothing. Yeah. And some teams are paying like $500 million. I don't think that's the way to do It. And the show, hey contract that's like $700 million but he just gets $2 million And we deferred. We'll pay you in like 50 years. Which Is insane. I don't understand any of that. Yeah. What was the deal? What was the deal with that? He got into some controversy didn't he? Yeah. His, his translator IPE Might have had a little gambling problem. I figured you guys would know that. Ins and outs of that. Well Maybe.


Perhaps We, yeah, it was a situation. It's good to have a translator because that person is the ultimate fall guy. I didn't even understand what you guys were saying. I Can't even answer your questions right now. What is this? You were saying we joking at the time. It'd be so funny if it like all happened in in show Hey was like Kaiser Soza and just had like a New Jersey accent and just like started talking in perfect English. It was Like, I've been playing all you fuckers. You should get a translator. That would be awesome. Yeah. Yeah. That would be cool. Yeah. That way that that person does all your interviews. You just sit next to him checking DraftKings. I put in a parlay here. Okay, good, good, good. Yeah. So this has been a fun year for you in other ways, maybe not so much but this off season. What are you doing to, to like improve your game?


You're getting faster, I know that, but like is there anything that you work on in the off season and you say, I'm gonna focus on this? I think I'm at the point in my career where I'm not really, there's not really anything that I'm like, okay, this needs to get better. Or this is like, I feel like I'm pretty well-rounded and everything is pretty dang good. But when everything's pretty dang good or great, you can always continue to improve those things and get better at them. So I'm kind of just always improving a little bit of everything. Strength, speed, mechanics, movement, efficiency, you know, all those things.


I like that. Just do exactly what you've been doing but do it harder. Yeah. Or You know when I notice that as you get older you don't quite, you know, you put the same time in the off season but when you get to the season you, you don't have to quite grind as much. 'cause you've seen so much football now and you've played most of these defensive coordinators before and they're all, they're doing the same stuff. You know, there's little game plan things here and there, but you know, you've, you've seen most of the defenses. What's your hair plan for next year? That's a good question. I have a suggestion. I don't know what I'm gonna do yet. I don't really know what I'm gonna do until like a couple days before I do it.


Yeah. I would say I've kind of want to grow it out a little bit, but we'll see. Yeah. What About a mullet? I've thought about the mullet. You Should do a mullet. You know, I thought about the mullet when I was in college 'cause I grew my hair out in the off seasons in the col in college. So I was gonna go mullet one my into my last year at LSU. That would've been a fun year to have a mullet. But you just have to grow it out so much and then, I don't know. We'll see. Yeah. We'll your, your hair seems to grow fast though. It does. When you shave it, it's like four weeks later it's like, oh yeah. Remember when Joe shaved his head a month ago and now he's got normal hair. Yeah. It grows very fast. Slim shady look was interesting. I thought that that was intentionally done for preseason and that you would diet it back once the regular Season started.


Well I did it because I wanted frost tips, but I've never seen frosted tips look good if you just go to the salon and get 'em. Yeah. So I just went brute force, shaved it, dyed it and then let it grow out. So then I had the froster tips. Alright, so I, I know you got a rung 'cause you got a bunch of stuff going On today, but I got one last question.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


So I know you're doing a bunch of interviews today. I also know you're not really big on social media so I just wanted to give you, I'm just giving you something to that I saw 'cause I was, I was literally name searching Joe Burrow before you came on to see if there's anything that was going on in the last like two days. This is just from a random person. It's a clip of you at the Pro Bowl. It says I need him in ways that would set feminism back a hundred years. What does that mean? I think it's a woman who thinks you're very attractive. Oh, okay. So just take that with you. Just take that with you. That's Just like a little, you know, pop up the ego. Nice little confidence goes around. He ways appreciate that. Sent feminists back a hundred years. I saw another one from A, a similar account that said God made men and then sent us Joe Burrow as an apology.


Yeah. Wait. Oh 'cause okay. Oh okay. 'cause All men sucked. Don't but not you some. Great. Yeah, so there you go. Appreciate those with you. I'll take for everything that you've done for men, Joe. Yeah, those didn't sound like questions guys. Yeah, no, they, they weren't, that wasn't, it was a real back statement. Alright, well great seeing you Joe. Thanks so much man. Thanks guys. Appreciate Thanks


man. Joe Burrow was brought to you by Uber Eats. It's winter and you can now get almost anything you need for the coldest months of the year delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a snowplow delivered, but you can get snow peas delivered. You can't get sunshine, but a bottle of wine, that's a yes. Snow angel, no angel hair pasta. Yes. Uber Eats can get you that along with a side of garlic bread and creme brulee to top it all off. Get almost, almost anything for your winter delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by region. See the app for details


and


guys on chicks is gonna be brought to you by a rock on. Let's talk about the elephant in the room. Fellas. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and older experience ed, which means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it right now. We've got five guys that are on part of my take with a microphone. Statistically one of us is experiencing erectile dysfunction. That's why I wanna tell you all about this new ed treatment gel called Oxon. It's the first ed treatment gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter. And while it might not work for everyone, studies showed success in over 60% of men. The best part, no prescriptions or online questionnaires are needed. Why wait, try Rocks On today available in stores and online. Visit rocks on us to learn more.


Okay, we're gonna do some guys on chicks real quick and then we're gonna finish off with Fire Fest because this is the end of the week for us. We have Dungeon and Dragons coming Friday for the people. Hank guys on Chicks. Guys on Chicks. I I meant to bring it up in Hot Seat Cool Throne, but I forgot Montoya. Montoya. Oh, he's going through hell. He went through it again, Dude, there. I, I said last night. It's a show. It's a, it's, I don't even know how to explain. It's, it's like the crazy show of all time. It's just a fuck Show. Well, it's Temptation Island Spanish version and Montoya for anyone who hasn't followed. He has the worst ROI of all time on a lap dance because he got a lap dance and then his girlfriend on the other island decided to just spend the next like week fucking this random guy getting the bongos played on her ass.


And Montoya has to watch all of this happen and he's just, I mean credit to Montoya. He is, he's great on camera. He just basically imagine if you're, How long has this relationship been going? If you're like he, It's Montoya's basically. I if you were watching the World Cup and a player just lost in an, in a terrible, terrible way. And you know how soccer players are usually like very animated. That's Montoya every episode watching his girlfriend get smoked. This guy, this guy absolutely hates it when his girlfriend cheat on him. Yeah. And he just Like really watching her go to town. The one that I saw today, they were under the covers and they include, I think they might've like added in sound effects. Yeah, because that smack sound, she was getting it in To the wall.


Hey guys, I need your help picking out a Valentine's Day gift for my fiance. In the past I've made slash gotten my fiance sentimental things. But I don't think guys really like that stuff. And I don't expect him to tell me that if he really doesn't. If I were you all, if it were you all, what are some things you would all actually enjoy getting that aren't basic thanks and go Dukes Cash. Go Dukes. My answer's always cash. I think a good one for girls is just like, whatever is sports anymore. Find like a retro shirt or hat or something. Counterpoint. It's not basic but it's a little, it's it's Thoughtful, counterpoint, cash. You can buy whatever you want with cash.


Even if you have a joint bank account ever. No one has ever gotten the gift of cash and been like, Ew. No. Have you ever been like that with a gift card though? Well, yeah. Yeah. Gift card boxes you in cash is limitless. The problem with gift card is you never spend the full amount. Yeah. Maybe get 'em some jail Or you or you have to make yourself spend way more money. Yeah. Because you're using the gift card to get a discount on it. Also could get him some jail stool. No, don't do that. Bad idea. I would, let's see a good gift for your fiance. Cash. I don't know if cash is really the way to go. Like Hank is always, I think on the, if you share the personal account, it's like what are gonna do with Cash?


It's still awesome to get cash. I guess fiance, maybe they do. When does that happen? Yeah, it's What, when does the joint account happen? Like Yeah, the fiance, marriage, some People don't even it different, different folks Cash. It's still awesome to get cash. Even if you have a joint account Or like an activity. Go on a trip together. Buying concert tickets, cash sports tickets. Cash. Cash is king. Golf balls. Why do females typically not like guys playing video games? Seems there could be much worse activities out there. It's a way guys can also hang out without going anywhere. All in all, not one guy complains when a girl goes out with her friends. Eh, we just hop on the game. What is the game for girls and how do we get them excited about it?


Like guys do for games and get treated the same when it's flipped? Wait, so she's saying why do, why do girls care so much when guys play the video? He's guy Asking why his girlfriend doesn't like video Games because you're, you're paying attention to something very clo You're paying attention to it way, way more closely than you pay attention to her. Also, video games by nature, we've all been trapped in one, you know, been obsessed with one. When you remove yourself from it, you do realize you, you did nothing. So I think they're seeing it from that angle where they're looking at it and being like, you just spent six hours and in your head when you're in it, like, yeah, I'm squatting up with the boys, I gotta, you know, we're, we're going on missions, this is fun. Or I'm finishing my dynasty like I'm accomplishing something from the outside.


They're like, you've done nothing. I also think girls, their kind of video games are, are shows, but those are more time. Like they watch for an hour, they watch The Bachelor, like they'll watch something for an hour or two video games. If you really like playing video games, you could play forever. Ever. Yeah, forever. That's True. And that's where it's like, like I'm getting off in a minute, but if you're playing like, you know, a, a battle royale, like what feels like a minute is actually 40. Yeah. I Do think girls And then you look up, you're like, oh shit. I think girls, they, they care when you, they see you so engaged in the video game and you like look forward to it and you, you know everything about the video game. You pay super close attention and then they're just like, I wish that when I talk to you, you would pay attention to me in that same way that you do your video game. Why don't you talk to your, why don't you talk to me like you talk to your boys.


Yeah. Like suck my dick. Fuck You. Yeah. That kind of stuff. What they should do, He by Pussy, what they should do is they should make a a boyfriend simulator game. That'd be good. If they made a good one, Maybe get her into video games. Probably not though. Yeah, just try. Yeah. I don't dunno. There's something about it that we just, we're wired a certain way that when we start a game, just gotta finish it. Just gotta finish it or Yeah, you gotta get a win. Like if, And that is Not until we get a win. And the problem is, I don't know, you guys might be different, but like my relationship with the video games has always been, if I have a game I'm obsessed, obsessed with it for like a two to three week stretch and that's all I think about. And I could see how that would be annoying on the outside where it's like you're at dinner having a conversation and all you're thinking about like is I got an, I gotta get an a fourstar linebacker for my team.


That Kind of shit. I was full on addicted to Call of Duty for like a solid two years. Oh yeah. I've been in that. I've been in that for Sure. Like Covid. I think the move, like once I moved and I think it just, it was part of my routine and it's not really anymore, but looking back like it was all I thought about you had a problem and I was trying to play for like, sometimes I just play for 12 hours a day. That's a lot. 12 hours Now it's golf. Yeah, golf. Yeah. Yeah. You remember when you were addicted to golf video games? I still, PJ 2K is coming out. I'm excited for that. Yeah. That game's fun as fuck. Yeah. It's a, it's a great combo. Yeah. Golf and then when there's dark, just play golf. Last one. Hey, part of my take great pod, big fan.


I'm a nurse and nearly all my coworkers are chicks hot. What? Nurses are hot. It's a dude and I had a few over for the Super Bowl. How's the dude? I thought this guy's on chicks and he is a nurse. I got drunk, confused and called Kelsey a pussy bitch after a second drop in the first Half. Maybe a dude A few chicks didn't like that they're Kelsey fans were offended by the verbiage. Is this something I have to address with my coworkers? I'm just used to watching Ball with the boys while I was rowdy. No, I feel like nurses like, Yeah, listen, one thing I know about nurses is when they're not on the clock, they fucking party. Yeah. Like they're, they're hot. It's not like corporate. This is a Swifty thing too. Yeah. That's why they're upset. Yeah. And I, I think nurses and doctors have what, like a five times greater likelihood to smoke cigarettes.


Yeah. Like they, they don't give a fuck. Also if we're being honest, Kelsey was kind of playing like a PAB for sure. Like that's just a fact. They did. The Chiefs didn't play well. Right Max. Yeah. Little boy ass play. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Try that out next time. Little boy As did you say that at all during the Super Bowl? No, But the original tweet was about tra was about Travis Kelsey. Little boy. Little boy as play Little boy ass play. Okay, let's, let's do Fire Fest. I Can't believe he tweeted That out. Oh, so good. So good. Okay. Fire fest time because we are going on vacation. So Friday we have our Dungeons and Dragons episode. Monday we will have about 20 minutes of us on Zoom catching up on the weekend and then an NBA preview with Ryan Slo.


Then we will all be back together on for Wednesday's show. So no, we're not missing any shows. We'll just have a little bit of a different schedule for the next few episodes. So Fire fest Hank Kind of impossible to have a fire fest right before a vacation. Yeah. You're feeling it right now? Well my sleep schedule is cooked. Mm. Cooked. Has not, I have not, I've not come back from New Orleans. Like I was up yesterday at 5:00 AM couldn't fall back asleep. Was up today at 4:00 AM couldn't fall back asleep. Sounds like you're thinking about Josh Allen being an MVP Got up. Yeah. Got up and then fell asleep at like seven on my couch.


Almost like woke up at, you know, I'm all over the place. Sleep schedule wise. Okay. Feel bad for you. Yeah. Yeah. It's vacation. That on vacation. How many rounds? Well, I'm going a day early now 'cause there's gonna be snow in Chicago so that I'm adding an extra one. Oh, that's Nice. Oh, that you have to go? Yeah. That's nice. You gotta Go a day early. I do. Yeah. Yeah, I know. Are you planning golf to like, when you get into town, did you add an extra round? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Nice. But It's because of the snow. It's The snow. Well yeah, I, I was like, well I should go Tuesday. Head up, head up. Our friend Isner and was like, Hey you around. He is like, yep, come play golf. I was like, fine. You know what, fine They got to because of the Snow. So Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Wait what? Say it again.


36th. Friday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. That six rounds. Yeah. Wow. Nice. That's, that's too much golf. At some point you gotta be like, ah, I, I'm I this is too much. Well the one tomorrow is like, I don't have any choice. Right, right. He's forced to snow. But like come Sunday, are you still gonna wake up like, oh I'm itching, I am itching to get Another round. No, I would say after like the second round Friday will probably, like, I'll probably be hungover and My body will be sore. It sounds like torture And I'll be like, I'm, I'm cooked. I'll fight through, you know what, for the people I'll fight through. I Think what Max is asking is like, aren't you gonna get bored of playing golf at some point this week? No, I, because I've, we've been, I miss it so much.


Yeah. What If you suck? Oh, I'll definitely suck. Hmm. That's a shame. I'll Report back. Okay, good. Sure, sure. People dying to know RPFT. Hank did ask me the other day, he's like, Hey are you gonna play golf on your vacation? And I was like, I don't think so. He's like, can I borrow your bag, your travel bag? So I have to run home at lunch and get the travel bag for Hank so that he can get his golf in tomorrow. It's Bros helping bro. Yeah. What? It's huge. Hey, make me feel bad for asking you for a favor. No, I'm just stating facts. He's Just stating that he love you. Love facts. Yeah, true. I'm trying to get to get you fired Up. We help, well we can't get him fired up. We can help him but we can never get him fired up. Yeah. Isner fire. He never, we can never light that fire in Hank.


He's probably pumped to see Isner. He is like finally a guy with the energy around here. Yeah. Fire me up. Yeah. He'll Pase you literally fire you up. Will you get tased this weekend in Hank? Listen, it's okay. We're not Missoula and Gruden. We Never will be. No you're not. And that's why I kind of feel bad, but also you guys know you're not Okay. Damn. No one is. Okay. PFT. Different Motivation, tactics. My fire fest all somewhat vacation related. Really tough to have a fire fest when you're going on a vacation. It's nice to, nice to get somewhere warm. Good point going. I guess the only fire fest I would have would be that I really wanted to play golf this weekend and I don't have my travel bag. And I mean, what's better than playing golf on an island on vacation?


It's like all I've looked forward to doing for the last three months, but Hank needs my bag. So I'm gonna give Hank my bag. I can get another bag. I have a second option. Like He's got a bags. Yeah, yeah. No, you can have my bag. I can tell it meant a lot to you. My real fire fest is going on vacation this week and I I did get my chest waxed last week down in New Orleans. Oh yeah, that Did Happen. It did happen. So I'm gonna be hairless in a swimsuit on the beach and whatever lotion they put on really did not agree with, with my chest. And I got a little, little rash going on my chest right now. I'm not looking forward to being shirtless this weekend. Yeah. The, the, the I, I like completely memory hold the fact 'cause that happened. That feels like it happened 10 years ago.


Yeah, it's got a lot better time ago since the day after. But it's, my chest is not at its best right now. How is time working out in your brain right now? Max can't be going well, No, I'm cooked the whole, my whole body is just done. Alright. My fire fest. I actually, the body being done, I, I knew this was gonna happen, but like clockwork returned 40 and now I'm just starting to get random injuries. I just got like a I tennis elbow in my left arm, which I don't have. I don't play tennis or golf and I'm a righty. And then my right arm, I've had a broken pinky for three months and Super Bowl week just demolished me because I was shaking hands and every time I was like, fuck, this hurts.


But I'm gonna, I think I'm gonna get in shape and I I have a announcement for you guys. You ready for this? Yeah. I think I'm gonna dunk. No way. Yeah, I think I'm gonna dunk. There's no way. I think I'm gonna dunk. Have you ever dunked before? I've never dunked, but I think I'm gonna train in dunk. How tall are you? Six three. You could Do it. I think you could do it too. For Sure. Yeah. Big Cat could do it. I have a ton of faith in I think I'm gonna able do it Dunk. I think I'm gonna dunk. I hope you, I mean, I, I hope you could too. You would have to lose a lot of weight. Okay. All Right. But that's fine. It's like you've really, you're walking around has really trained your leg muscles. Yeah. So youve got strong Legs. I don't know when I'm gonna dunk. I'm not gonna put a time on it or a bet on it, but I think I'm just gonna dunk.


Good, good luck. Thank you. You can definitely do it. You Sounds like you're supportive, Hank. No, I mean, I, I I know what you're doing. I would be happy if you didn't. I'm I just trying To dunk. I know you're not going, you're don't. I would, don't put a time You don't believe him. Make A bet. But wow. You know, I've, I've, I've been there. I've been where you are. I understand where your head at. You tried to dunk. Yeah. I'm still going to it. I don't even remember it. 'cause you were so far away from it. Think I could do it. No, I Was fucking Close. You were not close. I was close. You were not close. I was close. You were not close. You touched the rim. You were not, you were not close to Dunking. I was close. You Were not close. I think if you gave Big Cat a In What world were you close to Dunking? I jumped 10 feet, four inches. I needed to get ten six.


If you gave Big Cat a year, he could do it. We'll see, I'm not gonna put any pressure on myself. I'm just gonna try. You Know what? I also am gonna be used To have John Gruin coach you. Yeah. And train you. 'cause he'll get you fired up. Yeah, That's true. That's fact. All right. I'm gonna try To dunk. Do we have any other, any other hobbies that we're deciding to pick up this off Season? Dunking Dunking. Hank, any changes you're gonna make to your life post-football? I'm currently the fattest I've ever been, so I'm going to work on That. Get fatter. You're Yeah. But you're a champion when you're fat. Yeah. No, I gotta That's, that's it. Gotta, That's It. You can't really, you can't really think about changing your ways before vacation, but in a week from now I will.


Yeah. Fitness, vacation. I, vacation. Fitness, Vacation. Yeah. Well you got PFT. You do something. Yeah. You wanna Dunk with me? I could try to dunk. I'm focused right now on long drive because I got a bet coming up. Oh yeah. That I've been training on already. Yeah. I don't, I don't know if everyone here has been training on it, so I'm just gonna try to get my drive up. I Have been training on it Over 300 yards if I can. I'm getting more tattoos. I am too. I'm low-key addicted to getting tattoos. I am as well for You also. I'm gonna get at least two or three more. I'm just gonna say fuck it. They're not gonna be crazy big or anything. I'm just, I don't know. We're just gonna do our midlife crisis with tattoos. Yeah. Speed run. Which like Kind of badass by us where it's like we just became a tattoo podcast outta nowhere.


I feel like I just see like Chris Long and I'm like, that's what a real podcast host looks like. Yeah. So I might get a teardrop tattoo. I'll sick with that. Be Well I, yeah. I'm, I we're, I'm gonna get another one as well. So We'll we will maybe we link up, get 'em together. I like that. Maybe we get, maybe we get matching ones. I like that. That'd be cool. Gonna get the flight simulator going in the office. Yeah. Lot of stuff. I'm excited for that. I want to get on that flight simulator. A lot of stuff going on. Yeah. Okay. Numbers and get ready for Dungeon Dragons on Friday. Also. Prostate exam. Eh? Do we have to do That? I think so. I thought That was 45. Might as well get it early. Shut up. Memes. Memes wants us to die.


No, but pro you should be rooting for us not to get a prostate exam. 40. You need one. You need it checked. I have to get one early 'cause prostate cancer runs in My family. Yeah. Okay. Three Five. We could all go At the same time. Okay. We should do that. 99 po. Have an A WL as 27. That's a doctor 21. Give us, give us butthole reviews. 5 94 94. Love you guys.