
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a two fur for the people. We have Brian Windhorst getting ready for all the game this weekend in the NBA Playoffs. And then we have our good friend Josh Ell, the most attractive guest we have on. He joins us again, I think it's his third time on Great chat with him. We're gonna talk NBA Playoffs. We're gonna talk the playin games. We have Aaron Rogers update that's not really in an update. Lee Corso is retiring and we're gonna finish off with Fyre Fest of the Week, sending you into the weekend. And we are brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA Playoffs are here in its time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays if you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through to the finals. Now's the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30 points, 40 or more? It's your call Ready to place your first bet. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Make it a playoff run. To remember what DraftKings download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. Yeah, Pardon My Take. Welcome to Pardon? Pardon? My Take presented by DraftKings. Make it a playoff run to remember with DraftKings, download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings.


The crown is yours. Today is fryer April 18th. And both Bowls teams lost in the playing games on Wednesday night. The bulls, the regular bulls and the West Coast bulls. The West Coast bulls. Yes. To further cement how stupid the Bulls are as an organization. Yeah. It was basically, let's watch the real bulls play lose by allot at home. And then let's watch the core that was built around Zach Levine and DeMar de Rosen. Play out west. Yeah. Lose by a shit loaded home. Yeah. So now Dallas. Dallas advances to play against Memphis. Yep. And I want Dallas in the playoffs. I do too. I really do. I think that'd be fun. Clay Thompson Vined. Last year's what? He went Oh, for 10? Yeah. I believe last Year.


Yeah, I remember. I bet it. I was like, clay Thompson is a big, big game player. He's not gonna go out like this over 10. He went out like that. Yeah, He went out like that. But He's back like that now. Also, the kings, they're kind of lost in space. No idea what's gonna happen with them. They like, it felt, I feel like a couple years ago we had to light the beam. Everyone was pumped about the kings. They did something on Wednesday night that you can't do if you're gonna lose at home by, I think they ended up losing by like 16, but they were down by 23 a half. Did you see the player introductions? They played the My Little Pony theme song for the Mavs, which is very funny. But you can't do it then lose You can't, you can't absolutely cannot do that.


You cannot. At least they brought back the, the gun emoji. So if you do beat the Mavs, you can shoot the horse. That's true. So that's good. Yeah. Anthony Davis was awesome in the, in the, in the regular Bulls game. Tyler Hero was awesome. Can I see Red for a minute? Yeah. I was gonna say, welcome to the lottery. Yeah. I'm, I'm excited to be in the lottery. Let's si one. Alright, because I I you guys like, this was a situation where you guys have been playing the lottery game now. Someone has jumped into the game. Welcome to the party with, with a 1.2% chance, which I think will go up if Dallas makes the playoffs or Miami makes the playoffs. So I'm rooting for that. Might, we might get all the way up to like 2%.


That's huge. And that would be quite something if I somehow pulled off the lottery win in your guys' face. Yeah. So Max has already disavowed and denied taking Cooper flag if they get the first overall pick Big Cat. I don't think that you did, did I did not. So you're about, I just, I wanted him. He's still in on Cooper flag. Yeah. Even though he is a choker. That's fine. By the way, did you guys see Texas Twitter has, has found our list of not win the big one, guys. Oh, I didn't see that. No. Yeah. Are they happy about it? They Were not happy about the Arch Manning. They kept on saying he's only played two games, won both games. I'm just saying that was a future call. And I also was like, so you're saying he's not good enough to start. Sounds like how are you gonna win? How are you gonna win the big one from the bench? Let me ask you this Big Cat in the playoffs, when, when you had a, a must score situation against the Ohio State University, was he on the field?


No. Hmm Hmm. On the bench. All right. Simit. Okay. Washington. Washington let's you go. All right, Do one more. We're Just gonna keep singing. Sim Utah Boo Boo. Okay, one more. New Orleans boo. That's no. Next one wins. Next one wins. Well We, I already won. Okay, do it again. New Orleans again. Boo Portland. Boo San Antonio. Double boo Boo Charlotte Boo. Who cares? Utah Boo. Stop. This sucks. Well, actually did Won Go double win.


You won. Yeah. Let me see Red for a second though. Because I actually, for the first time in a while, I did not fall for Jerry Reinsdorf and Michael Reinsdorfs tricks and AK the front office. A bunch of fucking morons. I didn't fall for it this year and I'm happy I didn't fall for it because I didn't let myself fall for the tricks that they pull every single year. PFTI got some stats I went through the bulls winning percentage this year was 47%. They were a 47% winning percentage team. They finished 39 and 43 not great. Below 500 at home, below 500 at home. So that's not a good team.


That's not a team that is building anything. But guess what the trick is? Like every year from the last day in February to the end of the season, the bulls went 16 and seven. Holy shit, That's a great march. They're doing it. 70% winning percentage Bulls marching. If you take out the wins against all the teams that were actively tanking, your Washingtons, your Phillies, your Brooklyns, and then you take out the two wins against teams where they were sitting their star, their star player, the Denver Nuggets with Yoic and the Pacers with Halliburton. The ball's winning percentage from February 28th to the end of the year.


What was it? 43%. 46%. Okay. They were the same team the whole time. And to pretend that it's anything different is ridiculous. March and April NBA basketball does not matter. And the AR argument would be, well they got some young guys and it's different than the last couple of years. Which I would agree. Boo List looks awesome and I, I'm excited about that Draft pick. They also have a guy named Josh Giddy who they're gonna probably pay $35 million to, which would be a very big mistake. What do you think about the trade? The trade? Like in retrospect, car So giddy they should have gotten picks. Yeah, they should have gotten picks. I had giddy over 17 and a half last night. That cash.


Yeah, he, he was not, he was not the problem. Kobe White I think was like five for 20. He was, he should also be traded 'cause you have one more year of him. But what the polls are gonna do is they're gonna say, well we went 70% down the stretch And we have Josh Giddy who's about to get paid. We have Booles, we have Kobe White, let's build around this young Nucleus. Nucleus. And what they're gonna do is they're going to sign Josh Giddy to 30, $35 million a year. And Josh Giddy is just good enough to get you in the playing game and not the playoffs. And Josh giddy. So I, I already pointed out that the last month and a half should not really be counted. But the Bulls obviously count it and they look at it and like we're building something.


Josh giddy the first four months of the year averaged 12 and a half, six and a half and seven and a half. That's obviously points rebounds in a, or sorry, points six rebounds is shoot on the Other way. Question, is he getting more minutes in Chicago? He's getting more minutes. Lot more usage. Turns out when you are on a good team and you don't play, that's probably 'cause you're not as good as the good team players. Well He was also like a redundant player on that good team. Yeah. Yeah. So again, first four months, 12 and a half. Seven and a half. Six and a half points rebounds, assists the last two months, which I've already established shouldn't count. And is you're playing against teams that don't matter. He almost averaged a triple double 2010 and nine and a half and they're gonna fucking pay him for that.


Would you rather he not have almost averaged triple double? I would've rather them take, when I think about it, I think, I think Yoic Westbrook, was it Moses Malone or Oscar Robertson. Oscar. Yeah. And Giddy Bigot. It's, they're doing the same thing yet again. Josh Giddy will be just a younger Zach Levine where you just pay a guy a ton of money because you're like, well what are the other options? And Zach Levine, who is a good basketball player on paper, but a losing basketball paper or basketball player in reality is exactly what the Bulls love to have because it keeps you competitive enough to get into the playing game. Not in the playoffs or compete for anything. This is a third year in a row.


They've been in the playing game. They have not made it to the playoffs. They do not know how to tank. They do not know how to win. We are now a decade since the Bulls last won a playoff series where 11 years since the Bulls last won a home playoff game, which I was at. It was a Derrick Rose buzzer beater. This franchise is a joke and it should be called out as a joke and stop pretending that March and April basketball means something and actually pick a lane and go for it and be like, Hey, we're gonna be bad for a little bit. 'cause if they came in front of the fan base and said, we're gonna suck for the next three or four years, but we're gonna have a shot at a couple, one or two or three picks, people will be like, okay, let's do it.


Yeah. It's way better to do that. Yeah. Like having a plan, having a plan to do that is what every bad team should do. And they have, because you're not, you're not going to get good in the NBA unless one, you're a destination city where you feel confident that you can attract an already cemented superstar Correct. To want to go to your city or two, you're just really shitty and you get the first pick in the over in the draft. Correct. Or I guess you could also hit on somebody in the draft later on, but that's so hard to do in the NBA and the Op or you just Make trades and get picks that Yeah. You know, eventually end up as lottery picks. They finally do own all their picks again, which they had to trade to get one of their picks back. But the, the what you guys said is exactly correct, the opposite plan that you should do is paying guys that are decently average basketball players, 30 plus million dollars to win 39 games a year.


Right. That's the worst. Which is what they've done. Which, which I, I loved last night because it was like the front office, it was an indictment on the front office in two separate playin games. It was the balls and then it was Oh yeah. The, the last iteration of the bowls was Zach Lee and DeMar de Rose. You fucked up twice. Let me just say this Big Cat, if, if I don't win the draft lottery and I I very much hope that I do. I hope you win it. Thank you. I hope Chicago gets it. If I don't Win it, I hope you win it. Thank you. I appreciate that. That'd be great. And I'm probably not gonna win it. That'd Be great to have Cooper flag in Chicago. Yeah. If I can't have him in DC It would be a lot of fun. Yeah. But yeah, I, I was frustrated again, I was happy that I didn't fall for it because usually like when a team finishes the season 60 and seven, you're like, oh my God.


And they're younger than they have been in the past, but it's all the same. And Jerry Reinsdorf from Michael Reinsdorf are scumbags and all they care about is selling out to the United Center, which sells out it's lead the league in attendance every single year. And it's just, it's bullshit. They have no plan and they have no, no path forward and they're just gonna stay in this middle ground forever and try to sell everyone on a, a really good march in April where they finished strong and lost in the playing. Being in the playing game three years in a row and not making it to the playoffs. That should like, there should be a punishment. I don't know what it should be, but there should be a punishment Banned from future playing tournaments. I like the Hawks being in their fourth straight playing game. Like there should be some type of punishment for fucking up so bad that you just end up in the same spot Every year.


Okay. But I think it's worse for the hawks. And here's why with the Hawks, you have a guy that you in theory could build around it and make a good team around. Right? Yeah. I think, I think that Trey Young is good enough where you can, you can get to that next level, which is maybe being like a four seed or a five seed if you put the right pieces around him. The bulls, you don't have that. No. Like you gotta, you gotta go score stir at this point. No, They're gonna pay Josh giddy. And again, it's not really like Josh Giddy iss fine. He could be your third or fourth best player, but they're gonna pay him way too much money and they're gonna be like, well he is 22 years old, he's gonna get way better. Okay. And you're gonna be in the same spot. He's like, the ceiling is gonna be the eighth seed playing game.


Yeah. So you get two home playing games. So yeah. That was my sea red Hank was, Hank was trying to say that we could beat the calves a week ago. Yeah. What did I say? Well, Well you finished so hot. I was, you, you guys were trending so often. Yeah. You fell for it. You fell for it. Also the, I'm started to speak into, into Existence. We've done this before, but the halftime lead for the heat was 71 47 and that is pretty much the largest 24 point deficit you can Have. Yeah. Because you, you rarely see it with those numbers that high. It feels like 30. Yeah, that's a big one. Yeah. And I, I, people were asking me what the smallest was and I said in basketball I feel like it's like 59, 35. 'cause you can get on a little quick run and like if you go a seven oh run 59, 42, that's, you're in that game.


Yeah. So it was a 24 point lead. 24 point lead. I Feel like that 36 12 Too. 'cause it's so early. Yeah. 36, 12 is a good one. I would even say 30, like 36, 12 in the NBA means nothing. Nothing. Yeah. Nothing. But 71 47 is like what the hell's happening right now? Yeah. You're not even at 50 and they're in the seventies. If you can jump over multiple digits of 10, that's when it appears so much larger. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. And, and it was very funny 'cause the Mavs were up 71 48. Yeah. Which Just idiots. I, I hate the playing tournament. It's, I hate it. It's, it's, it's stupid because the very best thing you can hope for is that you get a great game and then the fans are like, we wish that we had more of this matchup.


Correct. This team's matchup so well at worst is what we saw last night, which is just uninteresting, boring, depressing basketball. And we nobody wants to watch that. No. Although the one good thing, I'll say this, watching the play in tournament right after, right after March madness is kind of cool because for a while you forget what good basketball looks like. Yeah. And you, you just get amazed at the shots that are going On. Shots go in. Yeah. No, the playing tournament. I, I can't, I hate it so much and I hate it obviously personally just because it was made specifically for owners like Jerry Reinsdorf to be like, Hey, we made the playing tournament. But I just, how could you, if you told someone there's a, there's a, a league with 30 teams, 15 in each conference and 10 out of 15 make the, the postseason.


Yeah. It's so stupid. You play 82 games. Yeah. Wasn't the playing tournament designed because they wanted to make sure that Zion Williamson could get in it Yeah. For ratings? I think so. I think that's what, that's when they did it. Yeah. And like, I guess you could, obviously the heat fucked it up for everyone. The heat going to the finals from a, from a playing tournament. Fucked it Up for But that was also, was that Mickey Mouse? No, that was the that was the year what, two years ago? Were they a playing team then? They must've been 'cause they were the eight seed, right? Yeah. You guys were the one seed. Yeah. Was that first round? No, but I'm just saying a team that goes from the playin to the finals, people are like, look, see that team could get hot. But no, you're right. That's not case. That's not the, that's Not the argument should be if a nine or a 10 Right.


A team that would be left out if they actually advance in the play. Seven in the eight are in the playoffs. They should be in the Playoffs. So, so stupid. Okay, so speaking of that, we have two more playing games. Yeah. Can't wait. Awesome. I'm actually, I I'm looking forward to the, the Grizzlies Mavericks game a little bit. I am that, that's the thing is the actual games I'm not gonna argue can be fun. Yeah. The Grizzlies Warriors game was fun. So it's like once we get to, if they're gonna force it, I'm gonna watch it. I'm gonna enjoy it. But if you ask me would I like it, I'd say no. Yeah. Miami, Atlanta. I think this is where heat culture takes over. I feel like heat culture gets the nod. Kevin Love one last rodeo.


He's Not playing. Damnit. Yeah. He's still on the team. Tyler hero. Yeah. Alright, let's do, let's do a first ba. What are we doing Max first basket. We all gotta pick a first basket. This is for Friday's games. This is for Friday's games and it's brought to you by DraftKings. The NBA playoffs are finally here. It's about to get wild high stakes drama, insane buzzer beaters, jaw dropping dunks and the excitement you live for. And guess what? DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting part of the NB is giving you a chance to boost your winnings every single game during playoffs. That's right. Every game, all Playoffs long. DraftKings is rolling out a special NBA Profit boost. So what are you waiting for? Download the DraftKings Sportswear app now. Use code take to claim your profit Boost.


That's right. Code take gets you a boost every single NBA playoff game. Don't miss your shot at Big wins. This is the moment you've been waiting for. Only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Boydton, Ontario. Get one NBA profit boost per game after opt-in boost expires at the end of each game. Boosts bet criteria and maximum bet limits vary. See terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, so we're doing a contest between all four of us. Max you in this? Yes. Okay. Every single week we're gonna do, everyone's gonna pick a first basket score and then the winner gets a bonus bet. So we're gonna give him out. I'm gonna do Anthony Davis first basket score plus 500. Okay. Love it. I'm taking Desmond Bain plus seven 50. Okay. Juicy. I'm going John Morant plus five 50. All eyes On this game. Yeah. And I'm gonna go Zach, Edie plus seven 50. Wait, we're all doing the, that game. Let's, I get nuts. Okay. Somebody's gotta win. Love it. Let's Get nuts. I think the Mavs might win. I I agree with you. PFTI want the Mavs in the Playoffs. Yeah, they just for the fans. Yeah. Yeah. Did you guys see the story of the pastor in South Africa? Yeah. South Africa. It's so good. He was kidnapped, gunpoint and he was saved and they like talked to him on the phone and, and I think they told him like, Hey, try to talk about lighthearted stuff. Yeah. And one of his friends brought up the Nico NIL stuff and he was like, bullshit about it. Yeah. After being kidnapped in South Africa. He was very upset about it. And then at the end of the interview, the pastor that was on the phone with him held up his copy of the bible that he keeps in his office. Yeah. And it's an orange Bible with the power tea on it. It's so good. It's so awesome. Yeah. Yeah. He, after being safely rescued Sullivan was taken to see his family. He then began touching base with some back in East Tennessee. Pastor Tom Hatley said one of the first things he heard from those in South Africa was he was upset over Nico. Yeah. He's like, send me back. That's a football guy. Let those guys take me. I don't want to come back. Yeah. Also, Nico got I think 1.5 mil. Oh good. Good deal To go to. Well the nice thing is that the cost of living in California is much less than in Tennessee. Yeah. So he, he actually ended up losing, I'm going to guess like 80% of his earning power when you take into account the cost of living in LA and the state income tax in California as opposed to Tennessee, which doesn't have any. So the art of the deal. Yeah. By Nico's dad. I also heard that his dad was saying that the Tennessee offense, like put handcuffs on him and it's like we're, it's the hotdog. We're all trying to find the guy who did it. Maybe it was the inaccurate quarterback. Yeah. I'd tell that's the best place. Yeah. That's the best place he could possibly be. Yeah. But I'm saying like he, he, he had to have handcuffs because he couldn't throw. Yes. Like that was why That's Also true. Like, it wasn't the offense, it was that they were like, Hey, this guy can't throw to open receivers. We're gonna have to change the offense. Yeah. So I know that Tennessee fans are, are pumped about it because they're like, ha you got less money and you're going to a school that's not gonna be nearly as good for you


as we were. Yeah. And they're gonna get killed in the Big 10 Probably. Yeah. Yeah. I, I keep forgetting that. UCLA's in the Big 10, they are still makes no sense. Lee Corso retiring. So first week of game day, legend of the game. Sad. He's all in for week one. All in for week one. He's got a big summer to prep for Ohio State, Texas. Yeah. So I guess he, he Water Works City on that that first week. Yeah. They wanted to do it where he did, he, the first ever mascot that he put on was Brutus. And so they wanted to maybe bookend it. I still think he, they should have given him like a late October, early November game. Ideally that would be nice because Like that August 1st or, or the first week and last week of August.


But week one it's football. But it's also like that weird, everyone's still on summer vacation, like football's on. I'm watching, but like, it just doesn't feel like game day. It doesn't feel like corso. You Know what, it should have been week two. That's when usually some of the power schools schedule the cupcakes. Oh, week. Yeah. Week one is gonna be, Yeah, week one. It's like a celebration that college football's back. Yeah. So we're all super pumped about that. Week two, we look at the slate and we're like, oh shit, this isn't nearly as good as week one. Week two could have just been a big celebration of Lee Corso. Yeah. He probably maybe should have retired a couple years ago, but it doesn't matter. I love Lee whenever he wants. Yeah. Like that's one of those guys that he's, he's in that Dickie v camp, the Fanta, Dickie v Lee Corso, the guys that are basically holding up a sport with just genuine enthusiasm for that sport.


That's what I think a lot of people got drawn to first. And I, and then they, they then they get cynical as the years Go on. And I always loved when, when Kirk Herb Street would, would just like, support him. Yeah. On stage. It actually made Kirk way more likable to the average viewer too. Yeah. So, yeah, it's gonna be different. I don't know if they're gonna fill the chair with somebody else or just move on. 'cause they've got a pretty good team. So I, I don't know. But you can't really fill Lee Corso shoes. No. It's not gonna be the same if like Nick Saban is putting on mascot headgear. No, definitely not. I don't think he would. It's like, It, it should do the headgear on Kirk's dogs. That would be awesome. That would be sick. I would love to see that. But yeah. Legend of the game and Yeah. I mean, I don't think anyone's ever said anything bad about Lee Corso.


No. He's, what is the the, the only criticism would be maybe he should have retired a few years ago, but guess what? Everyone should be as lucky to be able to do it as long as he, he has done it. Yeah. And, and be able to just keep having fun. So I I love Lee Corso. Yeah. He's the best. The, you can't say anything bad about him. Memes. Did you have something bad to say about him? No. I love Lee Corso. Okay. Good to shout you man. Did you have something bad to say about him? No. Okay. Max, you wanna say something bad about him? Now's the time. Do you want me to say something bad about it? Yeah, please. If You have something bad in your head, say it. What, what the internet needs is for somebody to get mad about and take out all of our, because right now we feel sad. Right. And as men, that makes us feel vulnerable.


So we have anger that we would like to release. So if you say something bad, then we can just hate you. He called that little kid a midget. Yeah. That messed Up. That play that clip. That was a great Clip. That wasn't messed up. That was Awesome. Was that when I was on college? Game Day? That was, that was, that was Corso at his finest? Was He, was that about me? I'm five eight Lee. I love it. I if you really, if so, if you're listening and not watching, it's a little kid. It's like a 5-year-old kid on the desk with him. Ugg, Yale, Bloombergs hug. Wow. Not so fast. Midget. Yeah. Little Guy. Hey, I'm not too fast. That's a 5-year-old. Yeah. Oh, that's great. Hank you have something bad. I don't. I mean, if you want a quote card to, you know, get, get the internet stirring.


Hmm. Good riddance. Oh, good riddance. Do you want do that? Meme says, meme says no. Meme says no, He's not gonna do it. You don't want that smoke. You don't want that smoke. All right. College, college football fans would be, Ooh. Oh, now I think we gotta do it. Yeah. Now we gotta do it. Memes. But then It's gonna look like our, our entire show is saying this. Yeah. How about you have to ask for it. How you even bigger than the quote. How about you include this Hank that's messed up. Yeah. Dash, pft Hank and then include mine. Hank, you're wrong. We all love Lee Corso. Sounds good to me. That's, That quote card is gonna bang. That's gonna do ies.


Oh. Maybe also just put out another one saying Arch Manning can't win the big one. Yeah, just lock it up. Just throw it out There. Arch Manning, the world's biggest choke artist. Yeah. These Are all good. Yeah. Okay. Aaron Rogers, he showed up again. It was an illuminating interview. Yeah. Did you Watch it? He went on McAfee. I did not. So can you gimme the rundown? Yeah. I've Never, I thought he Was, I thought he was banned from McAfee if he was still on the Jets. Ah, Yeah, but he's not on the Jets anymore. I thought it was illuminating. I thought that I've never heard one person say as many words without saying anything at all. As I heard Aaron Rogers say on Pat McAfee today, I think it was probably 20 minutes of Aaron just kind of saying, I'm up for any, down for whatever.


So there's absolutely no news that came out of it. He, he, it does sound like he's dealing with a personal issue. They kept going back to that. So if it is something serious that he's dealing with like family or friends, then obviously he's, you know, doing the right thing by taking that time before moving on with his professional career. But it just sounded like he was, he's just waiting. He's just, he's waiting for the universe to speak to him. Okay. I think he's waiting for like a dog to walk down the street and talk to him and then that will be his sign that it's time to join the Steelers. So it's, he's waiting for the universe to talk to him. Is he also maybe waiting for the draft to Happen? I don't know. Why would you wait for the draft to happen? Because If the Steelers maybe extend, overextend themselves and get you to Sanders.


He's like, why would I go to the Steelers? Yeah, but if they got Rogers before the draft, wouldn't they then not Over. Well, cousins Well I think that's why I, yeah. I think that's why Rogers is waiting because he doesn't want to have a Kirk cousin situation where he signs somewhere they draft someone and then they're like, oh yeah, it's your job. Maybe. Is he kinda also fucking over? He's got something you can talk about in negotiations. Kirk Cousins, is He fucking over Kirk Cousins right Now? Did they specifically state that though? I mean, it's happened. I mean, Mike Glennon, he was promised the starting job by the Bears. No. Also Aaron Rogers is 41. Right. So even if he went to the Steelers, it would be reasonable, I think for them to draft a quarterback. Right. But I mean, I, I understand.


I I just think he's probably waiting for the draft. 'cause he just doesn't want to be in a situation where, But do, do you actually think that the longer he waits out, the worse the situation becomes for Kirk Cousins? Because obviously there are teams that would be interested in Aaron Rogers I think that might also be interested in, in trading for Kirk. I Think they're also waiting for The draft. Okay. 'cause Kirk cousins doesn't want to have it happen again to Him because it'd be very funny. That's a good point. Yeah. But it'd, it'd be very funny if Aaron Rogers was doing this just to stick it To Kirk. That would be funny. But yeah, like Kirk Cousins, if he went to the Giants right now and then the Giants drafted George Sanders. He's just sideshow Bob stepping into a rake. That would also be funny. Yeah. So I feel like all this is gonna get settled right after the Draft. Yeah, but he didn't say anything. Oh, actually I take that back. He did say something very interesting.


He just spent like five minutes dumping on the jets. Oh. Just like going scorched earth on the, on the jets. He said that he flew out on his own dime to meet with the Jet's new front office. Okay. And Aaron, Glenn met with him for like 20 seconds, ran out of the room, got the gm, brought the GM back in there and told him we're moving in a different direction without you. Whoa. So that's what he says happens memes. Do you believe that? I believe that it was over exaggerated. Okay. What part? I believe that Aaron Rogers has no sense of time. You think Aaron Glenn was only in there for 10 seconds? No, He was in there for probably an hour. And the way Aaron Rogers talks, he just talked for like 30 minutes. And Aaron Glenn was just like, all right, we're firing you, so let's go get the gm, let's get the show on the road.


And then they had memes. Think you don't Help me off. Memes thinks that Aaron Rogers, he perceives time at a different pace from everybody else. Memes thinks that he, when he's speaking, then time moves very quickly. Got it. And somebody else is speaking time moves, moves very slowly. Got It. So what was the source off? No, there was a, you don't know me off between him and the gm. Oh, Okay. How did that go? So Darren Mogie said, do you like football? Do you still wanna play football? Aaron Rogers said yes. And then there was just a back and forth of you don't know me, I no you don't know me. And that was it. Wow. Yeah. Like they just kept on saying that back and forth to each other.


You don't know me. And then Aaron Rogers like, let's get, let's get to know each other. And they were like, no, we're just mo we're moving in a different direction. So As you don't know me and you don't even want to know me. Yeah. It was just, you don't owe me, you don't owe me. So Aaron was pissed off that he had to fly across the country for a 22nd meeting. That could have been an email. Got it. That's fair. But the Jets also would've gotten dragged if they just called him. Yeah. It would've been like they didn't, the Jets didn't respect Aaron Rogers enough to do this face-to-face. Are you saying you don't owe me or you don't know me? You don't know me. You don't know Me. You don't know me. I dunno what he's Saying. You don't know me. You don't know me. Got it. Does anybody really know Aaron though? No. The Universe? Yeah. How could one man really know another man?


That's a really good question. That's a good point. That's a really good Question. Yeah. Think about it. I I wanna see him play. Yeah, of course. I would love to see her in I'd, I'd like to see him still play football. He is not. As long as it's not in the NFC North. The other thing I took away from this interview was he, he loves Ashton Genty. If, if you find the clip of him talking about seeing Ashton Genty in person, he, he really loves that guy. Like a lot loves his build. Oh. Like, is obsessed with looking at the guy. He does have a nice build. Can we find that clip? Can you see if that, that exists out there? Because man Aaron really, really likes Ashton. He's got a nice build A lot.


I mean, he does have a nice pill. He Yeah. He is apparently just really well put together. Yeah. While you find that Hank, did you see Brown's gm, Andrew Berry I did. Said that he compared Travis Hunter to Shhe Otani. So do you feel good being in the same conversation as the Browns front front office? Yeah, definitely. Oh, okay. I'm gonna be vindicated. I, I, I welcome the hate when it came, but, you know, two years time I wanna be sitting pretty. You think Travis Hunter will be more impressive than Shhe? Tani? Definitely. Wow. Okay. Show Tani's gonna pitch soon again.


How many touchdowns and picks would he have to have to have Ahe type season? 10, 10 receiving touchdowns, 10 receiving touchdowns, five picks, And maybe two touchdowns, two Pick sixes. Yeah. That's Doable. That doesn't even seem that crazy. It is pretty crazy in fact, Right? Yeah. But It's doable. It's Doable. I don't think this clip exists. Okay. All right. By the way, draft week next week we're gonna have Daniel Jeremiah on Monday and then we'll have our good friend Todd Mcha on Wednesday. Do you have a big board? I have a big board. I have a big board. Yeah. Who's, can you tell me who's number one on your big board? Well, it's Mason Graham, but he's not gonna be there. Yep. Guys who will be there?


Probably Kelvin Banks. Okay. Even though we made fun of the name Kelvin. That's fine. Just two weeks ago. But it might be a boy named Sue. Yeah, probably him My number one. I think it's Malachi Starks at safety. Okay. I, and you know, it goes back from watching his very first game that he played in college, I think that was against Oregon. Yep. Where had just an incredible pick. And I made a mental note. I was like, put a pin in this guy. Would love to see this guy play on my team in the NFL. Then I've kind of like casually watched him over the last couple years. But I, I just go back to that one play. I like that. I want that guy. What? Yeah, what does it have right now is the, if we did Tyler Warren to the Bears. Okay.


Hank, What are you looking at it for? I won the best athlete. Like, I feel like, you know, obviously we have, they're gonna probably take a lineman or defensive lineman, but I would like, obviously Abdul Carter, Travis, hunter Mesa. Graham's really good. Yeah. I guess I want, I I need you to, I want Abdu Carter or Travis Under Abdu Carter. Why you don't want the Giants? Yeah. I don't like the, all the Penn State guys just go to Yeah. Then they go to the Eagles. Yeah. So You should Got that. Mike would probably end up in Eagle Memes. What are you thinking about Mebo? The right tackle for Mizzou. Okay. He had numbers like Tr Williams.


So that'd be cool to have a right tackle for the next 10, 15 years. That would be cool. I just, I know I have to take Malachi Starks because if I don't, then Max is gonna get him. Yeah. System guy. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So we're gonna do draft stuff all next week. You'll probably trade him to us. Shut the fuck up. Max Probably will. All of a sudden. Villanova just took J b's best player. Oh No. Oh no. You're, You're a real piece of shit Max. You know that. Oh no, you are. I It was breaking news. It was beep beep. Oh, that was a mean breaking news. That's not even The right breaking news sound. You did like Lasers. Well, it wasn't like a full on breaking moves because it's pretty, pretty low news.


So it was like a lasers. Who'd they get? I mean, it's really high news for This. He just got money show. Yeah. So you got Marilyn's coach. Why don't you, why don't you grow your own program Max? We're also about to take one of Maryland's best players too. Don't you Grow your own program? No. You, you're a homie Hopper. Yeah, You are. Big Time. That's college sports. Personally. If he doesn't wanna be a Duke, I don't want him. There you go. Hank is one of your favorite weekends coming up. This one. You always love to start a NBA and NHL playoffs. Yeah. Still a little next. Once I think next week is the start of the best like three week Stretch when you have like, you know, not game ones. Yeah. I do love this weekend though, where it's just, oh, we're porting boys.


He's he's writing a treat right now. You're porting boys. We're Portal boys. We're porting boys. No, You said we Boys. That Doesn't say what I, you guys you wrote We're porting boys. This sounds like an admission of sex trafficking. Wrong. We're porting boys. No, that's not what you wrote. This is like something that Diddy would say Wrong. What? We're porting boys. I'm keeping it. I stand by it. We're porting boys. That's okay. So Max Epstein over here. Yeah. We're Porting Memes. Can you do a quick Photoshop for me of, I don't even know where that, where would that is? Would there be a common there somewhere? Yes, Exactly what It would be. Yes, that's exactly it. Who, Who uses commas?


I, I agree. Memes. Do memes do a, a Photoshop real quick for me of Diddy and then the like speech bubble underneath. So then I can quote tweet Max's tweet and it looks like it's Diddy saying that. Yeah. You know the one? Yeah. Okay. Let's talk some NBA with Brian Windhorst. And then we have Josh Juel and then we'll do fire fest. We also have a special guest for the end of the show. Our boy Shane, who's gonna be going to Italy, we're gonna send him off. He's going to Italy by himself. So I told him he had to, he had to come on at the end of the show. What, what Do, what is, what is his Plan? Nothing. I just want to, we wanna send him off. I mean, he's going to, he's going on a European vacation by himself. That's crazy.


That's true. It's, I'm still shocked. I don't think, is that crazy? I think it's, I think it's crazy. Crazy. Does it all the time. No, No, no. When I say crazy, I'm not saying like, you're crazy. I'm like crazy. I would never have the balls to do that. Like, I'm impressed. I told him that It's very cool confidence to go on vacation by yourself and yes, Illa does do it all the time. And he is actually the model of how everyone should operate. Yeah. Confident move. Okay. Let's talk some NBA playoffs with Brian Windhorse.


Okay, before we get to Brian Windhorse, the future of Dunking is here. The dunk it bucket is no ordinary release. It's a first of its kind customizable flavor. Experience. KFC is introducing the first ever bucket built for Dunking. It's an interactive, crave worthy food experience designed for ultimate dipping, dunking, sharing, and devouring. Now with the new dunk it bucket, KFC is inviting everyone to get in on all the delicious possibilities and dunk it their way. Because Dunking isn't just for basketball legends anymore. It's for everyone. We love KFC. We love the dunk it bucket. Hank, you had the dunk contest. It went great. Went Great. I've been dunking in the Dunk IT bucket for the last month. It's one of my favorite menu items ever created. It's, it's revolutionized Perfect. The game. It's the dunk it bucket from K-F-C-K-F-C dunk IT challenge may be over, but you can still dunk, dip and devour with the KFC Dunk IT bucket. Like I said, it's an interactive crave worthy food experience designed for ultimate dipping, dunking, sharing and devouring. KFC Dunk IT Challenge is over but you can still do it. You can still dunk, dip and devour with the KFC Dunk IT bucket. Go check it out.


Now


we're also brought to you by our forensic Gametime. NBA playoffs are here. And the only place to buy hard to get playoff tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets the tip off. You can save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets. Plus on April 22nd for Earth Day, when you select and purchase a Super deal, Gametime will plant a tree with the proceeds. We're looking at tickets to what game? Hank? I'm looking, it's that time of year. I'm, I'm looking to get back to Boston. Get in the garden playoffs gonna be rocking all playoffs long. You can get into game one against the Magic for $134. $134. So what are you waiting for? Hank's gonna maybe go to that game one with the Gametime app. Take the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it, Gametime?


Okay, here he is. Brian Windhorst. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, recurring guest. One of our favorite guys to talk NBA with it is Brian Windhorst. You can hear him on the Hoop Collective Great podcast. You can see him on ESPN all throughout the playoffs. You can go buy his book. He's got two of 'em. Return of the King and LeBron Inc. In which one of those books, Wendy, do you talk about the, your averages in high school when you're playing with LeBron? It's on, it's on a special edition where you have to crack open the back cover and it's, there's like a little slip of paper back there. Yeah. And if you're really lucky you can find it.


But you know, it's like, it's rare. It's like a Pokemon. Yeah. Putting at The back of the book is a good way for LeBron to never having read it. Yeah, that's, there you go. Yes. You got it. Yes. Oh my God. Beautiful. Yeah. Wait, so we haven't talked to you since then. Was that just the weirdest experience for you to be called out? Interesting. Using the word weird there. Yeah. Big Cat. Yeah. Did not see that one coming. You know, like LeBron could probably be angry at me for like 15 or 20 things and like, like legitimately be like, that take was wrong. What you did here was was bs. I remember the first time he got got really mad at me was when he was a rookie with the Cavs. The, the newspaper that I, that I was working for at the time, the Akron Beacon Journal.


He bought a house in Akron And we in the newspaper published his address and a little map of how to get to his house. Ooh. Mm. And he was like, I remember he pulled me aside and he was like, this is some super fucking bullshit. And I had to agree with him. Yeah. Even though I had nothing to do with it. Like sometimes I was the conduit for that. But listen, he could have been mad at me about a bunch of things. What he actually was got mad at me about I didn't think was right. But, you know, he doesn't know me anything. If he wants to be mad at me, fine. Over the course of 25 years, he's gonna get mad at me.


I'm gonna annoy him. Whatever. We'll get through it. It's fine. So he also, I mean we didn't throw this out there, but like, and I'm sure you've talked about it enough, but like there might be a chance that LeBron is just jealous of your hair because your hair is fantastic. I feel like it gets better every single Day. I've got nothing physically on him except for that. He's got me on, he's got me on everything else. So I, I guess I'll take it. That's a big thing though. Like, LeBron wakes up every day. He's, you know, one of the best players of all time. He's got all these accolades, but he doesn't have Wendy's hair. Do you, you guys probably don't remember this, but there was like a moment. I think it was in the off season. Maybe somebody can find it. I don't know. Maybe he deleted the tweet. But there was like this, there was like this moment, like one day where he just like announced I'm giving up on the hair.


Yeah. It, it, it stuck with me. We did great. Thank you very much. But he had some sort of witty and it was kind of like a quasi announcement and then we saw him next season. It was very clear he had not given up. Yeah. Yeah. He, he had just begun to fight. Yeah. So I don't know what that was all about. Maybe we'll wait for his book where he can explain what that was about. Yeah. He probably had a couple glasses of wine and him decided to hop online. Yeah. It happens to everybody. Yeah. So when you were at his house for Taco Tuesday this week, how did he tell you he was feeling going to the Playoffs? Don't be ridiculous. I'm going on Sunday for Easter. Okay. That's Yes. Alright, so let's talk some playoffs. We're very excited. Let's start here. Tell us the series you're most excited for in the east and the West.


Am I excited for any series in the east? Let me think about that. It's a little tougher in the east. I missed, I got assigned to, to go do the Cleveland series and boy am I excited. Listen, the Cavs are good. I mean that, that's fun. Yeah, no, I know. I typically try to stay home in the first round, stay home. It's not like, you know, you know, come to LA or whatever. 'cause the first round, first off, I don't know if you guys heard the NFL drafts is next week, like on like on Monday, like ESPN don't forget my name for like six days and then they'll crawl out from the, the sixth or seventh round and, and you know, Greenberg will hang them up and they'll be like, wait a minute, is there an n Is is the NBA still playing?


Yeah. But you know, the first round it's really spread out. There's like a lot of days off. I'm not really, it's, it's, it's not the most exciting, you know, everybody gets excited for the start of the Playoffs and then the first round kind of drags. Yeah. But I am very excited about the West Series, but specifically Clippers nuggets. Yeah. The Clippers finished the, the season 18 and three and I I went to a couple of their games and Kauai looks awesome. Yeah. I remember the 2019, the 2019 finals when he was playing for the Raptors that one year play for the Raptors. I watched Kauai go through a, some pre-game shooting routines where he was as impressive.


Like the, the Steph routines are are legendary because he does all these dribbling tricks and sometimes he hits like 27 threes in a row and he throws up half court shots and he throws up shots from the tunnel. Well, as you can imagine, the Kauai ones are boring, but all Kauai does is look like a machine. And I remember watching him make like, I don't know, like 96 out of a hundred like 17 footers. They were, he would, he would need two assistant coaches. This is pre-game, this is not on a practice day. This is like two hours before Gametime where he would go through so many shots that the, the assistant coaches would, would have to tap out because like they were kind of guarding him or whatever.


Yeah. And like he never missed. He never missed. And like that's what Kauai looks like right now. Yeah. And so I'm excited about what he can do. And then obviously Yoic is like a incredible force. So that series to me is really interesting and I'm gonna try to see if I can watch all those games. Yeah. What Do we make of, of the two teams in the West that fired their coaches right before the playoffs started. So are they, it's crazy. Did they do it for the same reasons? Like I, I think that the Nuggets explanation was that they were planning on moving on from Michael Malone anyways, so they, they wanted to fire him before he had a chance to save his job, which seems That's exactly, that's pretty much exactly the, the sentiment. It seems Really strange to do that, especially if he, if he can win two championships for the Denver Nuggets.


You know, hypothetically if they go in and run this postseason, they're gonna be like, oh damn, we really wanted to fire this guy, but now we can't because he won again. So is that kind of the same thing that happened with Memphis or is that a different story? I don't think so. And I mean, to be honest with you, I don't have a hundred percent. There's like some stories out there about what happened with Memphis, but I don't feel comfortable enough to say them on a worldwide famous podcast. But I will say that part of the reason I think they did it was because the gen, the general manager, Zach Kleiman, like really, really likes this guy Zalo, who's the Finnish guy who they, who they hired as an assistant.


And I like, it was like, it's kind of a crazy story. Like he, he he did in Europe, kind of what, what's the football coach from Indiana? Sti. Yeah, SIG Netti. He kind of sign Netti kind of stole it from him. So he, so this, he had his team in Germany, in Bond Germany, and they were like really good. I don't, don't ask me what division they were in, but they won some championship. And then this team in Paris, Paris Basket, who's kind of like a big team, but they're kind of like an underdog even though they're in a big city, they don't have a ton of money and they, they've just done, okay. So they hired him and he brought six players from that German team to his Paris team.


'cause in Europe, it's kind of like college right now. It's like, most guys have one year contracts. Yeah. There's some players who get multi-year deals, but most guys have one year contracts. So he is like, I'm bringing my whole team with me. We're going into the transfer portal and we're bringing this team to Paris. And like, he brought in those six guys and they won a championship there. He got noticed by the Grizzlies. They were obsessed with hiring him. The, the wizards wanted to hire him and there was like a bidding war. Plus he was under contract for a Paris basket and they had to pay buy out his contract. It is, the more I talk about, the more it feels like college basketball. And they get him to come over to be this lead assistant.


And I think they just thought that, they just think this guy's a genius. And maybe he will be proven to that. Maybe he won't. But like, I think part of what was going on there is they were like, look, I, because I think it was kind of the same thing. I think they were worried that somebody else thought he was a genius too. And if they got to the end of the season, somebody else was gonna hire him. Right? And so they were like, let's hire him now. Even though the guy they had in there had had a pretty good record, Taylor Jenkins. So, but I gotta agree with you. I gotta agree with you. I, I don't PFTI don't, I I've never seen the two guys get fired that late, especially with teams that had winning records that were going to the playoffs. Yeah. It's bizarre.


Yeah, it is. It's very bizarre. All right. So I agree with you. The, the West playoffs, especially early on, look like the matchups are gonna be a lot more fun because the east is a little top heavy. Let's do this exercise. How many teams would it not shock you for them to win the title this year? Because I feel like it's two in the east and a lot in the west. So this is, this is how I, I vote. This is how I vote with my mouse. I decide that a team has a chance to win the title when I book hotel reservations in that city. Oh. Because here's the thing, as you know, most hotel reservations you can cancel.


So there's no penalty for making hotel reservation. And number one, I wanna get into a certain hotel. And what happens in the playoffs is, you know, you never know. Like when you know people, all of a sudden, like 5,000 people wanna come into town for a game, all of a sudden the hotel, sometimes hotels get sold out. Sometimes they quadruple their, their prices, but they don't, they don't pay attention. They don't seem to know that their basketball teams are good. Right. And they, the finals and the finals schedule is out like in the fall. So like, I booked a certain hotel that I want in Boston. I booked it in October. Wow. For the finals. I like this list. The wind, Wendy's hotels, like where we can, this could be bulletin board for all the other teams.


Wendy's list. And I, yeah. And I booked the, the, the for the, for the Boston Hotel for the whole finals. So whether they're the home or the, you know, wherever they're at. 'cause I was like, they're gonna, they're gonna probably be there. I booked it out. Okay. Like, probably January, Feb, December or January, Oklahoma City Booked, Booked that out, booked that sucker. Did they call you? Were they like, I think you made a mistake, sir. You booked a hotel in Oklahoma City For sir, you booked a, you booked a hotel in Oklahoma City for two and a half weeks. Are You, Are you sure you meant to do this? We think that you may have made an error. So I had, I had Boston and I had Oklahoma City. Then the Cavs, you know, they start at 15 and oh, but okay, some teams start hot.


The Cavs went on this winning streak in, in January. And they went through this like stretch. And every time they played a team, the other team would come into the post game and be like, holy shit. Like, they're like, Giannis did it. Michael Malone did it. JJ Reddick was like, do you know what you gotta do to like, beat these guys? Like, like there was like this stretch of like, they went on like this, one of their winning streaks. And like, it was like uncanny every game, a team, a coach would come in or a player would come in and be like, this team is good. So I was like, all right, Cleveland on the list booked. You know, but the, but by then I could figure out like if the ccle, if the, if the Cavs won the east, they were probably gonna have a really good record.


So I think I only booked home games. But you know what, no, I probably did book it all out. So I booked out Cleveland. So how many more have I booked? Yes, that's, that's now we're at the nitty gritty. Yes. How many more have I booked? Alright. I have Los Angeles booked, but did I book for Inglewood? Where the Clippers play? Or did I book for downtown? That's the question. That's A bit, Wouldn't you like to know? Fingers up, did you book, would you like where to know? Where did Wendy book in la Did you book both? Did you book in the middle of both? I booked downtown because our studio's here, I mean, that's A cop audience. So I just, I Just wanted to mess around.


So I booked LA because there's a, where there's a world where I could see the clippers of the Lakers doing it. I would, I favor the Clippers to do it more than the Lakers. But the Lakers draw of all the draws you could have the Lakers draw is probably kind of favorable because not that I'm looking down on the wolves. In fact the wolves are staying at the same hotel I'm at now. I just saw 'em all on my way over here. And so I'm not saying anything bad about them because if, you know, I'm sure they're listeners and I'm gonna see 'em, you know, at the Starbucks. And there may be words. I'm not looking for that. I'm not looking for that heat. Yeah. So, no, I booked in downtown LA and, and I booked Denver before Michael Malone got fired.


I should have, should have reevaluated that. Yeah. Because I just have so much respect. So much respect for, for Yoic. So that's my list. Is it, is it a, is it an exhaustive list? I didn't, I did not book out San Francisco. Mm. I'm not there yet. 'cause they're just so small. The Warriors. Yep. And you know, that's my list. It's probably actually bigger. Usually it's only about, it's more than normal. Yeah. Just 'cause I know that LA probably would book up like crazy. So LA is probably borderline. I probably really didn't need to do that. I don't feel that strongly about that. But yeah, that's my, that's my list. So what happens in the finals, you've got the two cities ideally booked out well ahead of time.


Do you cancel the days in between where you're not going to be there? Or do you just have an empty hotel room? No, obviously I cancel. Yeah. Yeah, I cancel. But yeah, it's like, it's like, 'cause you look at my like account and there's like 39 reservations. Yeah. And you're like, what the heck is going on here? And as like, we get closer and closer, I start canceling. It's like, it's like refreshing. All right. I'm, I'm, I'm getting 'cause you're also getting towards the end of the season, you know? Yeah, yeah. You're you're finalizing it down. But yeah, that's like my, you know, my, I couldn't give you a higher compliment than booking a hotel three months out in your City. I love this. I I think we need like this, I, I, I would hope that you would be in for this, but like, I wanna make this a recurring thing on PMT next year where you book a hotel, you let us know and we'll do a breaking news.


Yeah. So I have all these rules about things that I want when I, during the first off, I wanna take flights that I don't think people are gonna be on. Okay. Because I, I mean, look, if if it's Oklahoma City and Boston, you're not gonna have 75 options, right? So, yep. Maybe that, but I like to take a flight that I, that I don't think other people are gonna be on. 'cause I don't wanna sit there and talk about the series for three hours, you know, or in the gate area or whatever. I just, I'd rather break from it when I'm not doing it right. And I try, you can't always do this. 'cause sometimes you're in a city, we don't have a choice. I try to stay in a hotel that I don't think people are gonna stay in. Yeah. Okay. I I, I don't, when I'm not at the arena or whatever, I don't want, and I also have this rule during the finals and I stole it from Greg Popovich, rule of five, no dinners, more than five people.


Oh. I will maybe sometimes allow a sixth if it's somebody's spouse because the last thing, 'cause you know, sometimes the spouses come to the playoffs and I don't want like somebody to be like making a choice between like a work dinner and like going with their wife or or husband or boyfriend or girlfriend. So I will sometimes bend, but generally it's five. 'cause this is what happens. 'cause you know, there's a whole bunch of people traveling. There's all these different groups of people, a lot of people who don't travel during the year. And they'll be like, oh, we're going so and so, hey, can we bring along so and so can we bring along so and so the next thing you got 12 people you can't get in the tables are all messed up. You know, the bill comes and somebody's had six bottles of wine and now I'm paying, you know, $745.


I can't talk to those seven people down there. I want everybody at the table to hear the other people rule of five. And if I am go, if I go to a dinner and there's like five and I say, how many people are there? And they go, oh, there's four of us. You'd be the fifth. I go, okay. And then if they call back later and they go, Hey, we're adding so and so and so and so, I don't care who it is. I'm like, okay, you guys have fun. I'll go someplace else. I love it. It's A good rule. What if you show up and, and the party has expanded from when you were invited? It's happened. Yeah, it's happened. And you go on my list. You don't wanna be on that list. You're a big List guy. There's, there's, you know, these two individuals don't know. But these two individuals invited me to a dinner at the last finals. It was in Cleveland in 2018. I got there, there were people on the roster that I hadn't known about.


The table was bigger done. We haven't gone since. Maybe they know, maybe they figured it out. Maybe they haven't done, don't do that. Oh, I, I have limited time. I can't be bothered with this. And here's the other thing. I am not, if it's a big party, I am not afraid to do the Irish goodbye. Yeah. Oh Yeah. I am not afraid. Like I, like I will specifically not order like I have done this where I've sat down and all of a sudden it's 12 people, you know, water. Yeah. We have to drink water. Alright, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Goodbye. I love It. I didn't sign up for 12 people. No. And I, you know, I I didn't order like an appetizer. I didn't pay. Yeah. These are my rules. Yeah. These are my rules. Alright. Look guys, I've been, I've been covering league for 23 years.


Yeah. Do you know how many road trips I've gone on? Do you know how many? Do you know how many dinners I've gone on on the road? I I don't need it in my life. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Man's gotta have a code. You're smart. Alright. One team you didn't put on there Houston Rockets. What, what's the, is it too young? Because I do think the n NBA's the one league where you can confidently be like, this team's very talented, incredible season from the Rockets. They have some really, really awesome young players, but they're just too young. Because that's how the NBA works. You get battle tested, you gotta climb the mountain, the thunder where that team last year and now this year they could be in the finals, right? So is that it? Is it they're just too young Typically.


Yeah. You know, they're, they're, I don't wanna disrespect them. Like they could like look man, if they like beat the, if they beat the Warriors like four one or something, I might sign on and see what, see what reservations are available in June in Houston. I've, I reserve the right to, to add to that list or delete from that list. But yeah. But I will say this, they are built for the playoffs. Like if you look at the guys that they've drafted, like, like you, you guys are actually a good, you, you guys are actually a good people to, to ask about this because you guys follow the NBA but you don't like get into the NBA super super like well you guys, you guys bet.


So you guys know. Alright, what do you guys know about Ahman Thompson? He's a freak. Okay, so you guys, I, that's a bad example you guys. That's a bad. And I'm excited to watch him guard Seth Curry 'cause that's gonna be awesome. Yeah. So I feel like the world, I mean obviously if you're a Rocket fan, you love him. If you're an NBA fan, you may be a little bit aware of him, but I feel like the basketball public is going to figure out who Ahman Thompson is over the next two, three weeks. Yeah. This guy is a absolute freak amongst freaks. Like all the great athletes that you see in the NBA, he's like the, the great athlete's, great athlete and he's going to be attacking Steph.


Steph has seen every defender in the world. I think KD had that great line in that documentary about the Olympics where he was sort of mocking the other teams, you know, having comradery and you know, growing up playing together. He is like, how's that gonna help you when you guard Steph? I agree. Like you can be the most physically imposing defender in the history of the sport. If you lose Steph Curry, he gets the corner turned on you, you're giving up a three, I don't care what you say, but they are built with defensive minded players, which you need in the postseason. The other thing is like the Warrior's real weapon is Jimmy Butler. And the one thing that you can do on Jimmy Butler that can maybe kind of bother him a little bit is put like really big size on him.


This happened in the finals two years ago. You know, Jimmy had that great run where he led the heat all the way to the finals. And look Yoic was untouchable, but they had Aaron Gordon who just has enormous size. Like I think he's like six 10. They put him on Butler and like Butler isn't, he does very, very rarely can you find a guy who can physically impose Jimmy Butler and Gordon could kind of do that. And so like they have players like that. They have, you know, Dylan Brooks, they have Ahman Thompson, you know, they have Jabari Smith, they have, you know, these guys who have got good size. So while they don't have star power and they don't have like a experience, although Fred Van Leet is their, like their leader and he's got a ring, they do have some things going for them.


So I wouldn't count them out. I actually think that other than whoever Oklahoma City plays in the one eight, I think you can take the little numbers next to the teams, the seeds and you can throw 'em out. Yeah. 'cause I don't think there's a discernable difference between the two, the three, the four, the five, the six. Obviously you get home court if you're the higher seed. But Golden State is favorite in this series, I think in the sports books. Yep. On one hand I respect it. 'cause I don't think there's that much of a difference between the teams. On the other hand that is not acknowledging what Houston's got going for him. Yeah. Al also, my favorite thing about the Rockets is Jeff Green's still playing basketball and he's on the rocket rockets. Jeff, it's crazy. He's, he's, he's had, I don't even know how long, what is like 20 years now to 19 years.


He's Played with like, I think he's played with double digit teams. If it's not double digit teams, it's gotta be like nine. Yeah. I wanna know the, the percentage of players all time that have ever played in the NBA that have played on a team with Jeff Green. It's a lot. It's gotta be higher than you Would take. Oh yeah. Like the, like the Kevin Bacon. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I think there's two Seattle Supersonics left in the league. KD and Jeff Green guy should play with the Sonics. Yeah. And I think it's KD and Jeff Green. 'cause because Westbrooks first year was with the, he was in Oklahoma City, I'm pretty sure. Yeah. So I think, I think Jeff, uncle Jeff and KD are, are the last two Sonics who had Sonics jerseys. I'm Looking forward to seeing Dylan Brooks and Draymond Green on the, on the court at the same time in this series.


Like somebody's getting thrown out. Right? Here's something else. Houston plays like super physical, like that's how their coach Emeka like teaches him to play. He wants 'em to play physical. And so, you know, officiating is gonna be a deal in this series. You know, that how Houston gets officiated is gonna be something. So you know that from the opening tip off, Draymond Green's gonna be working it and like obviously sometimes Draymond goes over the edge. But if you look on balance, the Warriors might tell you that on balance he's way ahead because he does sometimes intimidate officials. Now the officials that you see in the postseason are more veteran. It's maybe not gonna happen. But Draymond, I could see Draymond going to work here because he knows from the beginning of the, of the series that the way games are officiated are gonna matter.


And he has a, he has a whole game within the game of what he's doing with the referees. I, I got a question for you, Wendy. Maybe we do East West. So we'll start with the east kind of a broader question and I have an answer in mind, but I, I'm curious yours, what team or player has the most pressure on them in the East? You sound like you're a first take producer. I, yeah, that is exactly, it popped in my head. It's Exactly. Do you want me to go, you want me to go with mine first? And then you can, you can answer it. Yeah. Okay. Tell me if it's stupid. Yeah, that sounds good. I think there's a lot of pressure on the current iteration of the Bucks because it does feel like they're at the end of something. Agreed.


And if they don't maybe win a couple series here, it's like, where are we as a franchise? Good. Very good. Agree. Okay, what is yours? So I think there's, I'm lemme just say who, I don't think there's pressure on that. You may, maybe not you, but the fans may, I don't think there's a lot of pressure on the Lakers. Okay. That's not what people are gonna think. They're gonna think, oh my God, like the lake. You know, if LeBron doesn't win, like, you know, there goes the Jordan comparison. I think the Lakers are better, are gonna be better next year. And I think this year is all about them getting the reps in together and learning to play with each other under pressure and figuring out how LeBron and Luca and Austin Reeves are gonna share the load. They're not equipped really to handle it.


I say handle it. That's the wrong word. They're not equipped. They, they, they, they're not built. The roster isn't built out to win 12 playoff games to win the West, in my opinion. They could prove me wrong and then laugh at me. I could get called weird again. But I I I don't think there's a lot of pressure on them. I don't think there's a lot of pressure really on the Warriors because I think they're kind of in a free roll. Jimmy has his contract. The Warriors have their titles. Like if they can make a run, they, they did it man. They, they, they, you know, they, Seth has four rings. What, what is it? If he gets a fifth, like that's supposed to like take him to Echelon. They wanna win. They did great. You know, Jimmy doesn't have a ring, but no one's gonna say that Jimmy Butler isn't a, isn't a great pressure player like his, he obviously would wanna win, but his his reputation is, is kind of secure.


I think there could be a little bit of pressure on Donovan Mitchell. Mm. Because Donovan Mitchell, when he was in Utah several times, I'm not sure he had two 60 win teams. He definitely had one 60 win team in Utah and they've never, he never made it to the conference finals and it wasn't always his fault. But he is not always delivered at the highest. He's sort of been up and down. He's had some playoff games where he is been amazing, but his team has never like over even achieved much less overachieved. And he is by the way, he has spent this whole year as the Cavs racked up 64 or 65 wins whatever they had saying, none of this matters. This 15 game winning streak start the season doesn't matter. This 16 game win streak they had in the, in the after the Allstar break, doesn't matter.


The three Allstar doesn't matter. Him making all NBA doesn't matter. He is like, because I've been on great teams before and it doesn't matter if you don't win. And I think that's true and look, I I don't favor them to win the East, but if they st their toe and like don't get to the, to the conference finals or if they get to the conference finals and they've built out this team, this team is like set up. They, you know, they went and made a Midseason trade for Deandre Hunter, which you know, is costing, gonna cost 'em a lot of money in the future and they like get blasted by Boston four one, like they got beat four one by Boston a year ago. Then I think people are gonna look at him and go, well can you, are you really a difference making player? Like are you really a type of guy who can carry a team? So while I, I don't look at them as favorites in the East, I think there's pressure on Donovan to have a great playoff run and to carry the calves with them.


I don't think there's pressure on the, the, the, the Celtics per se. However, if they get to the finals, there will be pressure on Jason Tatum to have a great finals. Yep, yep. Because, because he wasn't great in the 2022 finals. And then last year he was good. He was, he led the Celtics in points rebounds, and assists in the finals. He did not play poorly. He just didn't shoot the ball well and he wasn't amazing. Like this is the one thing people always make the mistake. They, they're like, oh, Jaylen Brown won the MVP, Jason Tatum must have sucked. No, there was 11 votes for finals. MVP there's 11 voters. It was seven to four. You know, pe there were people who thought Jason Tatum was the finals.


MVP, he just didn't play amazing and awesome. But he has played in two finals. He hasn't been amazing and awesome in those two finals, even though he is got a ring. So I do think if he gets there, especially if the Celtics crush the East like last year, I think they went through the East 12 and two. If they do something like that again this year, it's gonna be like, okay Jason, now you gotta show up in the finals to to to solidify where you need to be as a player. Yeah. You haven't mentioned the Knicks on your pressure teams. No pressure on New York. What Do you, what do you think? I mean, there's pressure if they're in trouble in the first round. Yeah. I, I feel like yeah, the expectation, given what they've done against the good teams in the East, I think most Knicks fans are not, they're not going in this playoffs being like, yeah, this is our year.


We can do it. We can, right. You know, we're, we're gritty, scrappy, underdog, we can do it. I think they're kind of guarded going into it, but I do think that they need to at least win a, a, a series and take Better care of it. They better win that series. Detroit won 13 games last year or something. Yeah, 14 games. You know, they've got, no, they've got a couple of guys on their team who have playoff experience like Tobias Harris, you know, Tim Hardaway Jr. But like they, you know, the guys that they're relying on, you know, Cade Cunningham, you know, Jalen Duren, the, the guys that they're relying on have never done this before. So if the, if the, if the, if the knick screw around in that first series, that would potentially create some pressure.


I I'll give you that. Yeah. They're, they're pressured to not flame out. Yeah. Because there's, they're, they're playing, there's certain teams, the magic, the Pistons, the T Wolves a little different 'cause obviously they went deep last year, but like, or the Rockets where it's, if they lose the future is bright and they're building something and they're getting to somewhere agreed, you know, it's a free roll, It's a Free roll. Right. The Knicks are in that weird spot where it's like they made the moves to try to get better and they aren't, they aren't really seriously contending in the east. So it's kind of a weird spot. And Oklahoma City is kind of going that route. 'cause like Oklahoma City is this youngest team in the league, how often do you ever see the youngest team in the league be the best team in the league?


We almost never see, it's actually the reason why Oklahoma City, not maybe the reason, but it's a reason why, like the thing I've noticed about Oklahoma City is that the players don't respect them. Like they're not afraid of them. Even though they won 57 games last year and they won 68 games this year. Like nobody who wins those that, that many games over two years is not a championship team. But they're the youngest team. So you just don't respect young guys who haven't done it before, no matter how many regular season wins they get. So they're going in, they are actually favored. I I the reason I think that they're favored. You, you guys know the gambling way better than I do. I can't honestly say that they should be favored to beat Boston four outta seven, but I must they, the, the sports books must be getting so much money on the Celtics that they're trying to get money on the thunder.


Is that maybe what's happened? I I, I don't understand it but I would say that the thunder being favorite, I don't think that's the way the, the players in the league based on my conversations, if the thunder don't win it this year specifically, if they don't get to the finals, you will see it flip on them. You will then you will then see people like me saying the thunder better get this done. Do the thunder need to make a trade or whatever. Right now they kind of live in a zone where they're not like having ex expectations like well you better back this 68 win season up by getting to the finals. It almost win and otherwise it doesn't matter. They don't really live in that world right now. They live in a bit of A-A-A-A-A-A-A not that stressful of a world. But that will change if they, if they stub their toe and go out early like they did last year.


Yeah, yeah. That is kinda weird that they're the favorites to win it all because usually you would see that, you would expect that team to be coming outta the east. Yeah. Where it might be a little bit easier to get to the finals then it Could be also Jalen Brown's knee, which I, I mean I think he's, he's gonna be fine, but that always, you know, any injury news could always change it a little too. Yeah, he did have a treatment but like they were playing him, it's not like they shut him down. So he definitely has been talking about it and when the player talks about it, like that's a sign. Like it's one thing if the team says, oh yeah, he's dealing with something and the player doesn't say anything when the player says something about it, like, I'm dealing with something I pay more attention. But they were playing him. Yeah. Like up until their seed, you know, he played straight through until their, until they knew they had the second seed.


So I dunno, it's not my knee, I don't know how it feels. You know, he had like an injection in it but you know, in all honesty, Boston might not need him for a month anyway. Yeah. What are we hearing? So that's on the health front from Dame. So there, he apparently responded to the treatments for the blood clots a lot faster than anybody thought that he would. Is there a chance that he plays in in the first series? Yeah, I think so. I think he's, I mean, you know, you never wanna assume anything but I think the intent is for him to play sometime next week. He's not gonna play in the first game. So look, I had a blood clot 15 years ago. I am not an an athlete quite clearly when I had the blood clot, like they wanted you to be on the medication for at least three months.


The medication sucks, has a bunch of side effects like drags you down. Nobody likes it, but you gotta be careful. But it's lifesaving. You know, the thing about a blood clot I know from just having one is that the big thing is to is to diagnose it. That's 'cause the problem is people die when blood clots when they don't know they're feeling sick. They don't know why people die when blood clots are not diagnosed. So the big challenge is diagnose a blood clot, then you deal with it. So they, so what Shams, Terania said like is that Dame started blood thinning medication two weeks before they actually found the blood clot. Oh wow.


Now this obviously creates some follow-up questions that we would all like to have and Dane hasn't done a interview yet. And by the way, like aspirin I think can theoretically be Yep. Called blood thinning medication. So I don't wanna sound like, but something that he did when he started feeling this issue helped mitigate this and even that like, I mean he was, he was going to the Mayo Clinic, like they know what they're doing. So it is kind of amazing. Like when I heard he had a blood clot and like the bucks were saying like, no we think he can come back. I thought they were just like trying to put up a front, like trying to keep, you know, trying not to let anybody have information.


'cause you don't do that in the playoffs. But sure enough, he's been cleared by, by the Mayo Clinic so that the, the Bucks have had nothing but bad news on the injury front for the last three years, two, three years ago when they were the defending champs, Middleton got hurt in the first round. He, he, he went down like the first game and put his hand on the ground and sprained his wrist or something like that. And he then they had blues in, in six games or seven games to the Celtics the year they went to the finals. Next year Giannis gets hurt in the first round. They go out to Miami. Miami end up going to the finals. Giannis doesn't get hurt. Maybe the bucks are back in the finals. I don't know, you know, I don't know. Then last year you remember Giannis like, it's like the 10 days before the end of the season he takes it inbound turns to run up the court and falls down, hurts his calf.


Giannis has played in two playoff games the last two years. So they've had nothing but rotten injury luck for three straight years. It's really short circuited this team's opportunity to win another title. Yeah, yeah. And so for them to get unexpectedly positive injury news, I would say Karma was on their side for that to happen. Yeah. So I'm, I hope he's fine and I'm glad to hear it. Alright, I got couple last questions. We talked about Ahmed Thompson. Give me another name that you think the national like world is gonna be like, oh man, because you know this, this is why we love the playoffs guys. Everyone knew who Anthony Edwards was, but last year was, you know, holy shit, this guy is unreal.


Jalen Brunson a couple years ago. Like this is the stage that that names start to become bigger and guys get talked about in a different light. So do you have one or two guys where you're like, Hey, this, this could be a big, big moment for them. So Aza Zubo from the Clippers. I don't know, is he a big enough? Is he Yeah, is he a big name? I mean like, he played, so this guy is having an absolutely incredible season and he's just big strong brute player who, I mean he's been in the league like seven, eight years. It's not like he's unheard of. But he took a leap forward this year. And I think part of it is because like James Harden does a great job, like bringing a lot out of centers. Like he did this with Clint Capella years ago in Houston.


Part of it I think is that Harden was like the full-time point guard for the full season, but Z Bots is just a beast. And, and I wouldn't say he's had success against Yoic, but out of all the guys who have played Yoic a bunch of times, like Z Bots has actually been able to check the box and say, I did a good job in this game the most. So he is gonna be front and center in that series. He is been one of the best defensive players in the the league. He's a beast on the interior. He doesn't mess around, you know, like we're in this era where everybody and their brother shoots threes Zoo doesn't do that. Zoo's like, forget about that. I I am playing that game. I will come in and I will shoot my 65% on the interior.


So it's a great opportunity for the, the, the world to kind of be introduced to Zoo. And I don't know, like, again, I don't, C Cunningham has been an Allstar. Yeah. But he hasn't been on the sort of the front page. Cade Cunningham was like a borderline MVP candidate this year. He was so good for the Pistons and the Pistons haven't made the playoffs in like seven years. So like, and they weren't on national TV a lot. So like, it was a chance, again, if you're a casual NBA fan, you haven't really seen Cade Cunningham. So I, I hate to give this to a guy who's an all star and who's gonna be on the all NBA team, but I feel like Cade Cunningham, especially playing in New York, playing at the Garden, I think he has a chance to sort of have his, his profile really Elevated.


Yeah, no, that's a good answer. Because if they beat, if the Pistons win a series, Cade Cunningham will be talked about in a different light going forward. I agree. You remember that happened with, with Trey Young. Yeah. Trey Young. I mean Trey Young was a major college star. I mean I guess Cade was too. He his number one overall pick. But Trey Young went to another level because of that playoff series with the Knicks a few years ago. Yeah. Yeah. If you had a gun to your head right now, or I guess if your credit card company called you up and they said you have to cancel, you can't have all these hotel rooms because a housing crisis in America, we need some of these hotel rooms back and they only gave you two options. You could only pick one from the west Oklahoma City and Boston. It's, you're keeping it. Okay. Yeah. That's your final pick there would Be great. And I say that as someone who's from Cleveland, who spends a lot of time in Cleveland and you know, makes a lot of appearances in Cleveland.


They're not gonna be happy that I say that, but like, you gotta knock the champ out. And they did. They went two and two against him this year and Donovan Mitchell averaged like 32 points against the Celtics this year. Like there's a world where this happens for Donovan, but he's gotta prove to do it. He, you know, and so those were the two that I made the, for the, you know, with the first two that I made. Yeah. So, But you also have a lot of friends in Cleveland. You could just say that like you'll crash at their place so you can cancel the hotel room. Yeah. I am staying with my mother in Akron on Saturday night. There you go. N will not ESPN will not have to pay for my hotel rooms in, in Cleveland this upcoming week. I love it. I love it.


Alright. Windy. This has been so much fun. We love, we love having you on. I got one last question. It's a Rollback question. RHO bac c k.com promo code Take love Rollback. Yes. The best 20% off your first purchase use promo code. Take Q ZIPPs Polos hoodies, joggers shorts. The best Rollback dot com promo code take.


I know this is in Playoffs, but I just want to be, I wanna feel seen for a minute because we, we've already taped the rest of the show and I did a rant at the beginning of the show about the polls. Rightfully so. It's just ridiculous that people actually look at March and April NBA basketball and say, oh, that team's building something. Does that, is that fair? 'cause that was my whole thing. Like they were a 47% win percentage team for the season. They won 70% of their games down the stretch. And if you take out all the teams that were tanking or were sitting load management guys, they won 46% of those games. They never changed as a team. They just started playing teams that were actively trying to lose. Kat.


What is the most in, what would you say is the most important thing that the Bulls need? A guy. Absolutely. How do you get 'em? Yes. The lottery. Ah, Yes. Thank you. Two Check mark. Check mark. I'm ready to hire you as gm. Oh, what did the Bulls absolutely not do this year? They didn't get their lottery odds up. What I, the way I set it, I declared this like 18 months ago. The Bulls are in a rebuild and they don't know they're in a rebuild. Yep. And that's almost the worst position to be in. I will say this. You could be the Sacramento Kings Yeah. Who have a bunch of bulls players making tons of money that didn't work with Chicago Yes.


And are now convinced they're gonna work in Sacramento. Yes. So convinced that they're firing coaches in GMs saying, why isn't this working? Why are we not in the, and by the way, like I'm not nothing against Zach Levine and Dmar de I know them a little bit. I think they're good guys. They just didn't work together in Chicago. Why would they? Anyway, that's another story I said that I said it was the Bulls front office lost two playing games on Wednesday night. They Did. I know. Like, here's the thing, like the Bulls got booed off the floor and so did Sacramento. I know they got Boo, the Bulls, ex bulls players got bulled off And AK is sitting there like, oh, this is crazy. I can't believe this happened. I can't explain. One of my podcast partners, Tim McMahon, he says, boy, he he has a line.


He goes, boy, you came in third like the bulls in a three team trade. Yeah, I love saying that. Yeah. And I didn't see our tourist kisha Vista's press conference today. I'm gonna follow it up. I was, I was working. Somebody told me, he said something to the effect of, this may not be an exact quote, Hey, just give us some time. We we're building Yes. Timeline. Yeah. Yeah. Tough. It's tough. Okay. All right. I feel seen. Thank you. Because I, I you, you fight against it. And I know like people inherently don't wanna see their team tank, but the NBA if you are three, I was saying actually the start of the show, if you get in the, if you're in the playing three or four years in a row like the bulls and hawks, there should be like a punishment on your team because that's, you're basically admitting to everyone that you don't know what you're doing and you're doing this all wrong.


So a couple like, I don't know, maybe a month ago we ranked, like at EPN we used like these seven different ways to rank the rebuilding teams. Like there was like, I don't know, we called them 10 rebuilding teams. Like we all rolled up our sleeves And we did all this analysis, looked at all these stats and everything like that And we ranked them. And really the only difference between the teams who are doing successful rebuilds, like the Spurs and teams that are doing unsuccessful rebuilds, well the Bulls technically aren't rebuilding, but whatever are the fact that they got lucky in the lottery. Right? Like if you, if you looked at this, you could be like, the only way to do this is to get lucky in the lottery. So maybe they will get lucky in the lottery and Cooper Flagg will be showing up in the summer.


And if that happens, it would be amazing because Kobe White is good. Josh Giddy does have promise. Zealous their rookie like would potentially be like a pretty good fourth guy. But if you don't have the dude, you're not going anywhere. Yep. So you gotta, you gotta kill yourself to get the dude and the Bulls aren't doing things to get the dude. Yep. That's what would drive me crazy if I was a Bulls fan. Yep. So who do you have winning the lottery? You know, what's, what would be the best option? I mean if, if the Bulls won the lottery and I mean now they're like, what are they, they'd have like the 12th best odds or something. I Think they're 1% right now. Yeah. Could 1.7 could jump up to 2%? Yeah. It would be amazing if Cooper flag wins to Chicago.


Yeah. Like for the league. Hmm hmm. They'll probably, they'll Probably, why'd you say, why'd you say that for The league? Because for the league because, Hmm. I dunno if you heard, it would be better if the Bulls are good for the league, you know, it would be better for the league. But they've done their best not to get a, what I kind of don't want is the 76 ERs to win it. Yes. Yep. Agreed. 'cause They were what the way that, the way they got to that sea, they finished the season five in 31. Yeah. It, Is there any chance that that silver steps in and he's like, Hey, we told you not to do this. You kept doing it. I'm, I'm taking away a couple of your percentage points giving it to the Bulls.


You know, like one of the most amazing parts of the NFL season for me, I don't follow that closely, was that one game where, who were the Eagles playing where they kept doing the, the, the tush push and like there was kept being penalties and the referee was like, look, Was it Commanders? If, if you jump Okay. I'm sorry. P ft. Yeah, that's okay. I, I didn't mean to interrupt. I seriously didn't wanna inflict damage on you. That's all right. Like when that referee said, look, if you do it again, we're giving, just give him the touchdown. Yeah. Like what you're saying is Adam Silver should have that. Yes. You know, like they're all celebrating. He just steps in, I'm sorry, I'm just gonna use my, my powers here. Yeah. We're taking away, you're going down to like 5% in the lottery. The bulls jump up to like 6% and, and maybe the Wizards get the rest.


I don't know. Yeah, that seems fair. It would, it wouldn't be the worst idea in the world for the Wizards to get Cooper flagged. That would kind of be cool. The, the, the nation's capital hasn't had a good team in all, in like decades. Yeah. It's been a long time. So, But it'll probably be Charlotte. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It probably will. Alright, well Wendy, you're the best. We love having you on. Thanks guys. We'll ha we'll do it again later on in the playoffs. And I love the idea of the windy hotels, so we'll, we'll, we'll make a graphic for you and, And we'll start doing this. 5, 5, 5 People at dinner. Yeah. Five people at dinner. I love that rule. I Don't care. Like, like if there's four of us at the table and you two show up and you're offering to pay, I say thank you. Keep on walking. I Love it. I can tell you're very passionate about this, but it, it comes from a place of experience where you've had some bad situations.


I can tell that there's trauma in your past And you're so right about like the conversation. If you're at a dinner with 10 people, you don't talk to half of the table. It just doesn't happen. Right. And like, look, that's fine for other people for me, 5, 5, 6. If it's somebody's boyfriend or girlfriend, I don't wanna leave them out. That's the only time I'll go there. All right, thanks so much Wendy. We'll talk soon. Take care guys.


Wendy was brought to you by our great friends over at Truly Hard Seltzer and their new truly unruly lemonade. It combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. Level up your lemonade. It's 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious. 8% A BV that's supercharged great for a pregame, but guess what? It tastes great too. It's got four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue RAs. That's my favorite og. That's the original lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink. It's the official hard seltzer of part of my take. Find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com.


Wendy was also brought to you by our good friends over at the 47 brand. One thing I love about 47 brand, the fit, the quality. You know, a 47 brand hat from across the room. It's an across the room hat. You see it, you can spot it, it looks great. Super comfortable. All I wear is 47 brand. That's it. Love my 47 brand hats and all the part of my take merch. Guess what? That's 47 brand too. We love them. We wear 'em, they're known for their headwear, but also check out the apparel. Nice vintage looks also modern flared to 'em. Great quality 47. Has new new drops launching constantly for your favorite leagues, your favorite teams licensed headwear and apparel more than just game day headwear. Shop 47 brand.com now and you can use promo code PMT Get 20% off your purchase with promo code pmt@fortysevenbrand.com. Save 20% off 47 brand.com and promo code PMT.


And now here's recurring guest and handsome man, Josh Ell. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, recurring guest. The most attractive guest that we have. And Pardon My Take history. Skip Aless, skip Ellis or Josh Duomo. Josh, always great to see you. Always great to have you on. You have a new show out. April 17th, Ransom Canyon on Netflix. It looks like you're ready to do just like a full day of press junkets. How many interviews do you have today? Oh gosh, I don't know. I'm, I'm here till one. They got me, they got me fully loaded. I know that Much. Okay, so we're number, we're At this, by the way, we're at this new, this new Netflix building that they built just for junkets like this.


Okay. We used to be at a hotel and now they have like, they built actual hotel rooms with room service and a room like this. And it, they, they just, they just run us through like a car wash. That's Unreal. Like can you get a room in the Netflix hotel junket? Yeah. It's a beautiful room. It's like, it's like, you know, five star. Yeah. Alright, so There's no bed because you can't sleep. Yeah. So we're interview one. You're gonna do a bunch of interviews today. I I would hope that we ask the dumbest questions that you get today. And I'll start with a really dumb one. So Ransom Canyon, I watched the trailer. Looks awesome. Texas Romance Western. Got everything. How many horses did you ride and did you have like a specific horse you loved?


I did. I rode a horse called jc. We all had our own horse. We went, actually we went to a cowboy camp for a couple weeks before we started shooting. I hadn't been, you know, I'm from North Dakota. We talked about this last time. So I was around farms and ranches pretty much my whole life. But I hadn't been on a horse for 20 years probably. So yeah, I was, I was a little rusty, but it was, you know, it was, and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm not gonna lie, I wasn't a huge horse guy, but for whatever reason, I don't know if it was, it was clay and the guys over there that sort of run this cowboy camp. I really started to love it again for the first time in maybe forever.


I Like it. So JC was your horse, so that was your horse every single time. Yep. Okay. Now this is dumb question, but do horses have to act? Do they have like a, a, a coach? Well, they, well they're really well trained, I can tell you that much. Yeah. Some more than others. JC was a really, he was an older veteran horse, so he was very well behaved, which I liked. I didn't have, I didn't feel like I was gonna get bucked off at any minute. Yeah, That's good. I feel like Kevin Costner, his, his roles recently have just been like, get me to a place where I can ride horses around while I'm on the set because that's what I wanna be doing anyways. It's actually a really cool strategy if that's what you love. Yeah, right. It is fun, you know, and this whole, you know, there's something about the, the vibe of this show that I just loved because I was actually at my place at my cabin when April Blair, the showrunner called.


So I was kind of in this mode anyway, I was, I think I was on my tractor, my side by side or something and, And we just started talking about this character and you know, this guy is, you know, he is been through it the last couple of years, lost his wife a couple years ago and then lost his son about a year to the day we start the show. So he's been through it and, and I think that, you know, that's really what I love is this guy was not just, he doesn't have it all together. He's pretty broken. He's pretty surly and, you know, that, that fits my character. I, I fit right into that. Yeah. The other thing I noticed another dumb question from the trailer, which it, it looks awesome.


I'm, I'm definitely gonna watch this show. The, there was a line in it and you've been in a lot of movies, a lot of shows where I think a police officer said to a, a woman, you stay away from that boy, has that ever worked? Has anyone ever stayed away from the boy? That's a pretty good indicator that she's not gonna stay with. I feel like I picked up, I'm not the smartest guy, but I feel like I picked up, there might be something going on with the boy. You're like, you're like, you're like the Pink Panther. Yeah. I'm like, I'm like those. Yeah. The Reddit threads for like white, lotus or severance where everyone's piecing, you know, every single thing in the background.


I'm like, I should just start a thread being like, I think there's something gonna happen with this boy and this girl. I don't know. Speaking of your, your, your place that you have up in Minnesota, I watched the tour that you gave of your, your, your cabin, your property that you have up there that looks awesome. I'm actually envious of, of what you did to that place. 'cause maybe you can tell the story, but you bought a, a spot for what, like 75 grand and then you spent the last couple years fixing it up. It looks incredible By the way. You guys are always welcome. It is a lot of fun. I Don't wanna like overplay the relationship, but my my follow up question was gonna be if there is an apocalypse, I'm gonna go to your cabin. Is that true? I'm Ready. Okay. I'm ready. It, it truly is my happy place.


We, we bought that place. I bought the place like 15, 16 years ago with nothing on it. It was, it literally, I had, the first thing I bought was a floating dock and then the property next to that went up for sale and had a little hunting shack with no electricity or water. And, and then a couple years after that, another one went up for sale right next door with a little cabin right on the water. So then I suddenly had two little cabins, no water, no wells, but one of them had electricity. So for the first 10 years we would be, you know, it was outhouses and it was washing dishes in the lake. Yeah. And finally we, we built something that's actually, you know, a little bit more suited for modern times.


And, And we have running water now And we have wells And we have showers And we even have a dishwasher. So, you know, we're, we're living a really posh life out There. Yeah. It looks amazing. Were, were people calling you insane when you said, Hey, I'm gonna buy this place, fix it up and spend a lot of time out there because it's so far away from everything. I get it. But I imagine that a lot of people that you work around that might not have been like their ideal situation to live. Yeah. Have we lost Josh? Is he gone? No, at times, yeah. I think people do wonder that it is, you know, it was just something that I felt like I wanted to do. I'd never, you know, I didn't grow up with a lake cabin. I didn't have anything like that, but I had friends who did, and I always loved it.


I loved that lake life. So it just became the, and especially during Covid, we spent a lot of time just 'cause nothing was going on. We just lived out there and we're, we're building and, you know, cutting trails and, and just sort of shaping it. And then over the last few years especially, it's really come along. So yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's a lot of fun. Is it do, Is it fully doomsday prepped? Are you ready to go if there's an apocalypse? Well, I'm getting there. You know, it, the whole thing runs on propane if I need it to with a generator. And I got solar, I got wells, so I have enough water. I'm working, I'm not, I'm not much of a hunter yet.


I'm working on that. But there's plenty that you could, you know, hunt and eat and fish. You know, if you had to, I could probably survive two weeks. Okay. We're getting there. That two Weeks is pretty good. Yeah. Because I know that there's an apocalypse. I would just, I'd just walk outside and be like, just take me now. I don't, I'm not, I'm not down for the fight. Like, I'd give up very quickly. It's Always been a fear of mine. Like the, the idea that, you know, something happens and everything goes sideways. The problem is how do you, how would I get there? You know? Because, you know, the, the, the freeways in LA can lock up pretty quickly. So I've gone through all these scenarios.


Where do I get a, do I get a dirt bike and take the canyons over to a boat that I have rented in a slip over in the marina? And do I drive the boat up the coast where I have a car parked that I can drive from from there? You know, it's a whole, I, I thought I've thought this thing through. I haven't done any of that yet, but it is, it is part of the plan. I've been watching the last of us, you could just walk. That's kind of what they do. Yeah. They just walked across the entire country. It doesn't take that long Walk from LA to Fargo. Yeah, yeah. Or get, get a pilot's license. Just fly there. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Not a bad idea. Do, Do you think people look at you a little sideways when you say that you're prepped like this? Like, they're like, all right dude. Because there is a little bit comes with being a doomsday prepper where people are like, okay, man, sounds good.


Do you go crazy? Yeah. Like all the people who bought stuff, like in 1999, they've been like, this 2000 thing is gonna fuck everything up. And then they Y 2K. Yeah. And they woke up and they're like, whoops, I probably shouldn't be living in the woods. Well, yeah, I'm, I'm guessing they do probably look at me a little sideways because, but it's not like I'm out there, you know, I don't, I don't have like an underground bunker and things like that. It's just mostly, honestly what it is, is a place that my kids love to go. Right. My sister's kids, my both my sister's kids, and you know, hopefully their kids someday we'll all find it, you know, a place that they can all go to.


So I built it not only for me and a place to get away to, but also something I can pass on to them. Yeah. And it's nice, it's a short commute from your real house in North Dakota, so you can just drive over there every day and come right back. Hop On over. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Wait, so last time we had you on, you told us about your guys trip every year. Are you still doing it where you guys go and basically play a bunch of sports and, and hopefully don't get injured? Are you still keeping the tradition? Oh yeah. We do it every year, every third weekend of August. I love it buddy games this year, I think we were doing it in Montana. Okay. We did it at my cabin last year. Bob, the Bob father likes to make sure that we take a year off from my place.


I don't know if it's because he wants to make sure that he still runs it. Yeah. And I Don't, yeah. But he's very possessive about his buddy games, so, so last year we did it at my cabin this year, I think we're one of Montana, but you know, every year is like Christmas. The guys put it on the calendar and they all show up. Yeah. So, so any injuries last year? Because like you guys, when you described it to us, it was every sport you could think of and, you know, we're all getting up in age. Was there, were there any, any issues with someone like has there been a retirement that would be sad? Someone had to do like a real retirement, like, you know, raise their banner to the rafters? No, we did, we did, we did introduce the Hall of Fame last year.


Chad Horn Barker got the maroon jacket. Love it. As far as injuries, Chris Watson woke up to go take a piss in the middle of the mor in the middle of the night, stood up, passed out, and like literally broke the left side of his face. Oh my God. Fell in the shower, like, oh my God, what is, you know, so I don't know if that's an indicator that we're, we are getting old or what, but he was, but he, he still competed. Oh, I love that. Oh Yeah. That's, that's how dedicated he was. That's hockey tough. Yeah. He still, he stayed inside. I love that. That's, that's amazing. What events did we do last year? We did, we did the, the usuals golf whiffle ball.


We built a whiffle ball field down on the, it was sort of half in the lake, half in the half in the land. We had a chipping contest where we chipped from this upper ridge down onto the beach and you had to, you had to lay there, spread eagle and you, and you, you got to wear A-A-A-A-A motorcycle helmet. But that was it. That in your underwear. Oh, did we get a nut shot that, see, this is like, This is dude rock. There was a shin shot. We didn't, we didn't quite get the nut shot, but yeah, you know, you, you send one up about 80 yards and it comes down, that ball's moving by the time it hits. So Yeah, it was, it wasn't our most, it wasn't our most ridiculous event, but, but oh, we also did, we also did crow like this, this amazing croquet where I mowed fairways all through the yard and all the undulations.


We literally met a golf course and, and did it like a croquet field. Oh. And that surprisingly was the favorite event last year. Well, Yeah. That's, that's Another indicator. The we may be getting old. Yeah. That's the old, like, being like, yeah. The event where we stand around and have to like lightly swing something. I would say that's, that's maybe getting old. That's Actually a genius idea though, doing croquet golf. Just a giant sized croquet field. I'm, I'm surprised, I don't know if anyone's done that before, if you invented it, but that sounds like the best time ever. We mowed fairways the whole thing. So if you got off track, you're in the rough. It was actually really fun. Yeah. You know, I know it doesn't sound like it, but it's, it was one of the best events. How Did you do? And if you, if you have a lackluster buddy games, do you find yourself beating yourself up for the next year?


Like, God, I really, really left a lot of opportunities out there. We did win last year. It was, it's still under protest. I imagine that most, most wins are under protest. Right. For the buddy games did win. Me and me and my team did win it last year. But of course, you know, these guys, you know, it's just, they're just a bunch of babies. Well, it, it, it sounds we, we do something similar here at Parly. Like, we just completed, we did a 18 hole mini golf tournament in our office. We built 18 mini golf holes. Okay. And it was 12 on 12, like Rider Cup style. And the way I describe it is like you could create a mini golf rule book that is a thousand page long.


Once you get all of us in the same setting, it will take maybe 30 minutes before we find a loophole and start arguing nonstop with each other. And that's what I had Imagine the bunny games is unbelievable. Yeah, It really is. And Chad Kelly. Yeah, I'm calling you out. Chad Kelly was the biggest culprit last year, man. He was, he was tripping the whole time. Okay. So Anyway. Yeah. They, they, they seem to find loopholes. Everybody desperately wants to win this thing. It's hilarious. That's the fun though, when you take it. So I know, like we were, we, we did this mini golf competition. I, I found myself, our team lost, and I was actually kind of depressed. Like I was, I woke up in a bad mood. I was like, you gotta be kidding me, man.


Like, what, you got three kids, you got a great life and you're getting upset about mini golf. But that's how I felt. Like I can't, I can't deny how I felt. Your competitor. Yeah. Yeah. It's just how, how you're wired. We gotta talk about some, some NFL stuff here because your Vikings, let me just ask you this, would you want Aaron Rogers on your Vikings? Ah, Yes and no. I mean, I've, I've, I've run into Aaron a bunch over the years and he's, he's actually a really fun dude. He loves to give me, he loves to give it to me about the Vikings, especially when he was with the Packers. So it just didn't, it's kind of, it kind of feel like it did when Fav came. Yeah. Fav maybe had his best year of all his whole career, but it didn't feel like he was fully one of the Vikings, you know?


So I don't think I could, I don't think, you know, even if we did win, it feels like we would almost need a, an asterisk next to it or something. Yeah. Yeah. Are, I don't know what JJ is gonna do. He look, I saw him on the sidelines when I was at the, well, I went to the, what'd I do? I went to the Lions game last game of the season. And then I went to the, no, I went to the Packers, then the Lions and J's a hell of a quarterback, but man, he doesn't look very big down there. Yeah. He looks like he's about 16 years old. Yeah, He does look young. Yeah. Did you? He's a hell, he's a hell of a quarterback. So we'll see. Did you find yourself falling for the Sam darn situation, but did you, did you fully buy in that that was like, Hey, this is who he is now.


He's just the best. I I was really impressed. I did not see that. I don't think any Vikings fans saw last year coming. We thought it was gonna be a 500 year and it turned out to be one of the most exciting years we've had. And Sam Darnell was a big reason for that. Now, you know, I don't wanna blame him entirely for that. Those last couple of games he did not play well. But, you know, he was also, he also got pressured like crazy. Yeah. I think that, I think that, you know, the pressure of the game, the situation and then, you know, the amount of pressure he was getting from the, from the defense I think was, was a little bit too much.


But I apparently we did reload on the offensive line, which is good. Did you guys see that? Yes. Yeah. Big time. Yeah. You guys definitely added a lot of pieces on the offense line. The line looks good and I think that, you know, we definitely have the, the weapons on offense with JJ and Addison and who else we got Kinon, Jefferson Kinon. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's a really high powered offense. Defense is gonna be good, but then again, you've got Caleb coming up with the bears. You've got, you've got, what's his name? Jordan Love with the Packers, you know, and the, and the, and the lions are gonna be good.


They're gonna be really good. So I don't know. We could be first or we could be last. Yeah. Iron Sharpens iron though. Yeah. It must be nice though, having a head coach where you can convince yourself, no matter who plays quarterback, you're gonna be like, yeah, that guy's gonna be a pro bowler. Just 'cause the coach. Is that good? Yeah. I think that's the perfect tire for the bears too. Yeah. Bo Johnson. Yeah. We've Said that many years, haven't we? Yeah, a lot of times. But this time's different, this time it's totally different. You'll see. What do you guys think of Caleb? I, I love him. Tough. Tough first year. Very, very tough. Did not have the, the setup that I thought he was gonna have going into it. The coach, everything just basically was a disaster. So I'm hoping Fresh start Ben Johnson, smart guy, fresh start.


He feels good. Is That your Team? Yeah, that's my team. And I, I I you're Best at I didn't know that. Yeah. And it's, it, listen, last year was, I said a lot of things in the summer that I regret deeply about how they were set up to win right now. And then they basically fell off a cliff halfway through the season. So, but the new year, I, and I'm staying cautiously optimistic now. I'm, I'm not, I'm not gonna start writing checks that I can't cash later on in the year. Yeah. But Caleb looked good at times too. He did, but he also looked bad. You See how talented that dude is. Yeah. He's, he's got the talent. Just, we need the coaching and, and some of the other things to, to finally go in the right direction. They're dysfunctional organization through and through.


So just trying to get out of our own way for once. What do they, what do they have on as receivers? DJ Moore. Roma, Dunay. Probably maybe draft someone. So we'll see. And we'll be pretty good. Yeah, yeah. Maybe get a running back. I don't Know. Who would you want in the draft? You know, I haven't been, I've been, I was in London for the last several months. I'm normally follow the draft like months in advance, but I don't know much about it this year. It Stinks. So you're not, you're not, you're not off, like it's not a good Draft. What I'm thinking. Well, I mean, what do the bikes need? I think it's maybe a safety after Harrison leaves. Yeah, yeah. Malachi Starks.


Malachi Starks, Georgia would be good. Yeah. I don't know. What, what were you doing in London? I was directing a movie called Preschool. Oh, okay. That's cool. What about these two dads who are fighting to get their kid into this last spot in this Oh, preschool. Do you like directing? Is that a nice change of pace? I do. It is all encompassing. It is, it's very time consuming and it's a lot of work, but it is a lot. It, it, it's, it's a lot of fun 'cause you get to kind of tell the story the way you see it. Yeah. You know, I think that that is something I've always wanted to do, you know, I couldn't just do that.


'cause I really like spending time with my family too. And when you're doing that, you're pretty much, you know, belong to the whatever production it is. But it is, it is a lot of fun. And the movie's turning out great. It's funny, I I love that premise for a movie because I don't, you know, I, we, we are back in Chicago now, but we, when we were living in New York and my youngest was two in Brooklyn, we, we like went to a, he had to do like an actual interview for preschool. Oh yeah. And they, and they denied him. And I was like, what did he do wrong? Like, did he, he's two, how is this possible? But that's how it is. He Got rejected. Yeah, he got rejected it too. Did he bring a copy of his resume?


So he did, when we went to the interview, it was kind of right around, like right after Covid. So we did it outside and he did trip when we were like walking up. And I actually think that might have been what did it, you can't Have a clumsy kid. Yeah. Like, because I don't know what else you judge a 2-year-old on. Yeah. The principal Is like, that smells like a lawsuit. Yeah. He was like, this is crazy. How did He bit somebody? Didn't he? He bit somebody. He Did. He was never a biter, but I was just like, I was, I I, I didn't ultimately care because it was like, this is a, a preposterous thing to have to do an interview for a 2-year-old. But there was a part of me walking away being like, what the fuck? How do you deny a 2-year-old? I was like a little pissed off.


But that's how competitive those schools are. That's my boy. He's your boy, Right? Yeah. It's my boy bullshit. Yeah. It's, you know, I, when I had, when I had kids, I never thought that I'd get caught up in all of it. But you can't help but to, you know, because, you know, where I grew up, there was no private school. We just, everybody went to public school. And when I had my first son, you know, getting into, I figured he's gonna be fine. He'll go to the public school down the street and sure enough, when it came time where we were getting caught up in the whole thing of, you know, will he get into this school? Will he get into that school? And sure enough, there we are. So I think that it's, it's a, it's a premise that a lot of people who have kids or know people who have kids will, will find funny and relate to in some way.


Yeah. Is it tough to not micromanage the actors while you're directing as an actor? I feel like I would, I would always want to give like, advice or here's, here's how I would do that scene. It is a tricky situation, right? Because on the one hand, you're an actor with them, you're a you're, you're, you're, you're working together. This is one of your, your, you know, one of your mates and then you have to turn around and say like, Hey, could you do that a little bit differently? You would never do that if you're just acting right. You know, I could never give him a note if it's just he and I in the scene together. But I, so the key is just to find really, really good actors. And I got great ones for, I mean, when you shoot in London, it's just full of 'em.


Like everybody's West End trained and Shakespearean and they just have all this education. So we, I was blessed with really, really good actors. And so I didn't necessarily have to give many notes other than just like, sort of general stuff. Yeah. I, I was the one who needed the notes, to be honest. Yeah. A dumb question about acting. How, how much of your, like how, how many lines do you memorize at once? I'm always impressed by that because like, we'll do stupid like social commercials or something. And I can't keep more than like two lines in my head at once. Like at, at max. So what do you do?


Do you read, do you have like pages and pages memorized? You know, well, I couldn't do what you do. I couldn't read off a paper. I have to, I have to memorize 'em. Yeah. Because I can't, you know, I'm not a, I can never be a news anchor, but it's just a muscle that you get. You just start to learn how to do it. And it's just, it, it's about hon honestly, it's about remembering the, the verbs and the adverbs and that connects the thoughts. Right. That's how I do it. Right. And then if it's a big speech, I will learn that thing well in advance. So when time, you know, when, when the time comes to shoot it, it's second nature.


Some people can just look at it and know it and just go, but I've never been able to do that. So are you, like, when you go shoot on Ransom Canyon for like a day, do you have multiple pages already memorized in your head and you're just running around with those? Because I, yeah. Like, I, I don't think I could walk with that in my head. Well, it's not really the, the, the words as much as it is knowing, because we shot, we literally shot 10 episodes all out of order because we had ridiculous weather for the first four months. We were shooting this thing. They, they were, we were supposed to, you know, the scene called for a sunny meadow with, with, you know, wild flowers And we had two feet of snow, right?


So we had to wait and push all that stuff to the end of the year. So we ended up shooting all these different episodes simultaneously. You know, we're shooting it, we're shooting, you know, episode 10 today and, and we're shooting episode three 'cause we got, we gotta pick up a scene from three And we gotta, we're start whatever in the same location. So, so it's more about figuring out when you know, where you are in the, in the, in the progression of the character's arc. You know, like what, what happened before this, what happened in episode four that made me say this in episode 10? Right. And so that's really the hard part. It's not really memorizing the lines, it's just keeping everything straight and making sure that everything is gonna track.


'cause you're shooting things four episodes ahead and you have to imagine what happened three episodes before that when you haven't even shot 'em yet. Right. That, that becomes the most difficult part to kind of track how you, how you're gonna perform things, you know, well in advance or something that happened three months ago. An another dumb question I guarantee you won't get today. What's, what's the, what's the catering situation like on set? Do they vary it a lot so that you don't get like, bored with it? It's usually a fish and a chicken and a steak. Okay. But they're not like one day, are they one day like, Hey Chinese Actually on, on Ransom camp, we had an amazing chef. Okay. I wish I could remember his name now.


But it was one of the best, it was one of the best catering companies I've ever had. They were just unbelievable. So yeah, I mean, every day is different. It's like a whole spread. I love that. It's no wonder you put on 10 pounds every time you go shoot. You know, Any, any ice cream. Yeah. There's all kinds of, there's like several dessert options. Love that. That's love that. Yeah. That should be an actor. How do you say no to it? These fresh cookies they make every Day. Yeah. If I was shoot a western though, I feel like I would only eat the steak. Yeah. It feels like Yeah, Because you're, you're a method actor. Exactly. I go full method. I like that. The idea of being like a Daniel Day Lewis, but only for food.


Yeah. You eat the steak that you grew on your out on the range. Yeah. I'm gonna eat my steak and then, you know, to drink. I'll just have whiskey. Yeah. Just neat. I'll just sip some whiskey. I'll be drunk the whole time. The Nice thing about doing a western too, is you get to wear the hat hat, the cowboy hat. I feel like that helps a lot with acting. You can be very emotional, like, you know, taking the hat off tugging on the bill of the hat. Did you It does it, it is a valuable crutch. Yeah. Did they, were there like notes in, in the script? Like, at this point you're gonna like adjust your hat? Or was that all feel No, that's all. That's all me, man. Yeah. Oh hell yes. That's why you're the best. Hell Yes. The Best ad actor in the world. Hell yes. No, but the mo the show does really look amazing. I mean, they did a beautiful job.


The the show is, it's, it's, it's beautifully shot. You know, Minka in the cast are fantastic in it. I think the people are really gonna dig it. I really Do. I'm excited. So I have one last question for you. It's always fun to have you on


Josh Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com. Promo code. Take, go see Ransom Canyon. Netflix not go see. Just turn it on at home. Netflix, April 17th.


Tell us one to 10 how hot you looked in this show. Pretty hot. Okay. All right. I mean, I saw the trailer, you looked pretty hot. I mean, you put a, you put a tight pair of like wranglers on this ass. Yeah. And it's pretty hot. You had like the, there was one look that you had maybe the, the jacket like the jean jacket with like the, like the, the fur. The fake fur underneath. And I was like, damn, Josh is putting, he's putting some looks out there for this show. Put some looks Out there. Yeah, you are. You were serving some, You knew that you were, yeah. You knew you were on one.


You are like, I'm gonna get on this horse. Yeah. It's gonna be taking my time. I'm gonna rock this. How howdy man. Yeah. Alright, well Josh, anytime you wanna come back on, man, we love having you on and we're, we're gonna, we're gonna watch this and anytime you're in Chicago, stop by. We'll we'll come up with some random game we can compete against you with. Alright boys, go check out. Go ga go check out gatlin.com. Okay. Okay. What's that? What's, What's that like the gun? Just a little thing that I got going. Oh. Oh. Talk about it next time. Okay. Something you got going. Give us a little homework. The hottest teacher I've ever had. But if, if the apocalypse happens, like I'm going to your cabin, just, just know that. Alright. You're welcome boys.


You gotta be able to contribute though. I, I almost feel like you're Recognition or, or, or medical or or building or farming, podcasting, standing. Yeah. The world. Listen, The world will need takes. Yeah. We're, we're a podcast economy here, so We'll, we'll bring the podcast and then you'll have that covered. I feel like Josh is invited us out there so he can eat us. He just said like, he doesn't know how to hunt. He is like, yeah, you guys can come out the more We'll just show up and he's be like, who are you guys? Yeah, we, we'll show up to your front door with a microphone being like, see remember us podcast living Off the fat of the land. That's Right. Alright, thanks so much Josh. Appreciate it man. See you


Boys. Josh Ell is brought to you by our special friends over at Chevy Chevy's. Packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer, a Saturday, a Sunday, a Sunday Funer with a truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. They help get, they help us give fullbacks the rest recognition that they deserve. With the Low Man Award, the Silverado Trail Boss is built like a fullback, 495 foot pounds of torque. Hold onto those sodas Max. Plus the Trail Boss gives you an extra two inch lift. We could all use some of those. Silverado brings the grit, then pairs it with the latest truck tech inside and out. The result is a truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with story to tell. So learn more about the the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together Let's drive


and Fire Fest of the Week is brought to you by our great friends over at Morgan and Morgan. If you find yourself in the middle of your very own fire fest, you just might need America's largest injury firm in your corner. We all know that life comes at you fast. One minute you're preparing to dunk the next minute. You're owing me and Big Cat a lot of money. Well, in reality, Morgan and Morgan will fight for the people they might not be able to help you claw back any money that you make, making stupid bets. But they do help with your real life. Fire fests for over 35 years with Morgan and Morgan. It's easy to get started. Their fee is free unless they win. You can check 'em out@forthepeople.com slash pmt. That's for the people.com/pmt.


Okay. Fire fest of the week, Henry. Yeah, you're up. Yeah, let's do it. Fire Fest of the week. I, I mean it's not really a fire fest 'cause I survived, but we did the, the KFC dunk it challenge dunk contest here on Wednesday. And one of the contestants asked, he's like, Hey, can I jump over you for one of the dunks? He was a big a WL and I felt bad saying no. And I, you know, he was jumping pretty high, so I trusted him. And so I had to, you know, stand with, I didn't even see him coming up. My back was like, he was running towards my back so I couldn't see anything. I just had to hold the ball above my head. First time he tried it, he like landed on my neck and I was like, all right.


Did he dunk it? Did not dunk it. So then he asked me to move back. I had to do it again. Second time was even worse. I felt like I basically was holding on my shoulder for a second, missed again. And then I, he was like, oh, we gotta do it a third time. And he missed again. I survived. But it was, it was not great. Touch and go. It wasn't, yeah, it wasn't, could have gone a lot worse. Did it give you any respect for dunkers? So much respect for dunkers? These guys could, were jumping out of the gym. Very inspirational. I got a lot, a lot of work to do to, to get on their level, but yeah, it was, it was, it was cool to see some real athletes in this office.


What, What does that mean? It was cool to see some real athletes like able to do some cool athletic feats in this office. The fuck was it not? They're not real Athletes. No. God no. I I thought you did a terrible job judging. Yeah. You were chirping me from the cheap seats. Man in the arena as a wise man once said, well, No, you were judging men in the arena and you were doing a bad job judging the men in the arena. Right. But man in the arena, you weren't in the arena judging. You were chirping the man in the arena who was judging the men in the arena. And I was in the arena because I was, I was judging you, you judge Confused. You were in the nosebleeds chirping. The man who was actually in the arena who was judging the men in the arena. I thought you did a poor job on awarding scores.


I thought that your scoring system Was way off. Well when next time you're a dunk contest judge for, I don't know. I mean, well for Hank Pool Dunking for you, You should be amazed that anybody's able to dunk given your performance last year. Everything should be a 10. Yeah, it was impressive. Yeah. I wanted to give my guys room to grow. That's a huge, you. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. PFT My fire fest. Well, number one Fire Fest 2.0 has been postponed. Mm. So that's kind of a fire fest. My Fire Fest is your tweet about the Fire Fest 2.0. Yeah. So I, I offered Also, Mr. Beast, by the way, is like doing his own Fyre Fest right now. I saw that there's a, a beast con Yeah. Out in Las Vegas that Mr. Beast didn't show up to. So now everybody's in the lobby of the hotel being like, yo, where's Mr. Beast in line? Why that Beast Con?


Yeah. Which I don't know what you say or, or do if you go to Beast Con in general. Do you just like, meet people in the lobby and you're like, so do you, do you like Mr. Beast too? Yeah, I don't, I don't get bicon anyways. You Remember that? Yeah. How, how long could you have stayed in the supermarket? Yeah. Probably a, a little bit longer. Yeah. Do you think you could have been locked underground for 30 days? For a million dollars? If I was locked in that room, I would've found ways to make the, the canned chicken taste different. So yeah. What Hank's alluding to is I offered up the Barto Chicago office for Fire Fest if they need a new location. 'cause it sounds like the government of Mexico wasn't playing ball. Oh, we're getting double booked right now. Okay, So why We on the yak?


We offered up the Chicago office for John Arbuckle Con Arbuckle Fest. Oh, from Garfield? Yeah. Okay. Because Garfield gets all the shine. Yeah. But Arbuckle Nothing. Why not have a festival for him? He was a great dude. Yeah. But yeah. Fire fest. If, If we could do it together. Listen, Billy McFarland, he's a, I consider him to be a, a, an acquaintance. We're friendly with each other. I've offered it to him. If he would like to accept, I think we could do a good job hosting Fyre Fest 2.0 here. Okay. What do you think Hank? I hate it. I hate that idea. Why Are you in for Arbuckle Fest? I guess If not really. Not really. If, if you had to pick one of the two, if we're being honest, if I had to pick one of the two Arbuckle Fest.


Yes. Why are you so, why are you so out on one of the premier concert destinations in the history of the world? Have you not seen the Phoenix package? Is it 1.5 million for a ticket? For one ticket For a ticket? Yeah. It's a great ticket. Alright. Maybe once Billy, you know, gives us, gives us the rev share, we can look into it. But yeah, Let's talk Billy, my other fire, this Is an office space for people to, you know, work our, Our buckle fest is gonna be like four dudes and Las Sonya. That's kind. Yeah. Like yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. My other, you pull that off my other fest of the week is that apparently all the boys are on a softball team. All the boys are on a softball team. We Have been, yeah. Yeah. I found out today Max came into the studio and he was like, we won our softball game last night.


I was like, sick. And then he started giving the, the box score and he's like, yeah, Big Cat did this. Hank did this. Memes did this. Pug was a manager. Shane's on the team. So everyone, and part of my take is on the softball team and I didn't even know about it. It's not, it's not my softball team by the way. I it's not mine either. I forced myself on it. We talked, we, this, we, when you say we didn't know about it, we talked about it a lot last year. We did talk about it A lot last year. I, I knew that they played on the softball Team. The reason Big Cat was on the team. So you're just that big Cat's on the softball team team, football team on team. Yes. Before Big Cat was on the team. You didn't care. I I just got How, how did I even get at it? Oh, We had a, we had a game that we didn't want to go to.


That's right. And you were like, put me in the group chat. I'll say you can't go. Right. And then you stayed in the group chat. And then when we started to talk about it for next year, you're like, I'm in, I'm in. If we play 16, if We play 16 inch. So I forced my way in. So 16 inch softball is awesome. But it was, it was Oh yeah. I'm sure it is. For The record. It was They were all on the team last year. Yeah. Correct. We talked about it on the show. Oh, A lot. Oh yeah. Yeah. I knew that you guys had a team. I knew that for sure. Correct. Do you want me to be off the team? No, I don't want you off the team. Okay. I think I have no choice but to just put together my own team and beat the fuck outta You guys Should join CA's got a team. Yeah. CA's got just Of Ringers Cas got team and just dominate. You guys May 7th, but Me. Big hat both won't be at that game by the Way. I, I, I was upset.


The real reason I was upset is I'm definitely so much better than Hank at softball. I don't think So. I I am definitely so much better than Hank at 16 inch softball. I don't think so. I I guarantee you This sounds like I we're gonna have to we're this sounds like we're gonna have to film something. I know You both, I know you both very well. Hank's better than you at Softball. I can hit a golf ball like 50 yards than him. That's that's True. That's, that's a fair point. That's a True, that's fair point. But Hank's better at Softball. I can slap singles. Hank's, I'm faster than Hank Good At softball. How good are you? He's Pretty good. I mean he was, he's played What? Awesome. First base last Night. What order did you hit? That's pug. Pug. That's the order I hit seventh. I did hit a dinger. Two singles.


Yeah. I mean I had a, I had a bomb. Yeah. Okay. And he, he locked down first base. Okay. He did really good yesterday. Yeah. I Mean we played softball in New York. Yeah, we did. And I was better than you there too. That's true. I was also, I was hurt. I had a broken foot. That's true. Pretty much. What did he say about what I did on the Mound? He said, well that's, he came in, max gave me, I was excited. Max gave me like a full post game report about Everything. Yeah. Mean the vibes were High. And I, and I was like listening to it. At first I was like, okay, Big Cat was a good pitcher. Hank did good. I was like, cool. And then he, he proceeded to name everybody on part of my shake. You should, you should be On the team. Why not? I'll put you on the text sheet. No. Well then Max was like, do you wanna play in a game? I was like, no. That's what I said. Not anymore, but I just forced myself on the team sheet. You should just force yourself On the team.


No, I'm, I'm, I'm not for blood now. I want you on the team. I'm taking this personal. We can, this is gonna be the biggest mistake you've, You've ever made. Ill tell you, you're, you're definitely better than some people on the team. That's Fat. Who? All right, I want names. Who am I better than Tom Lay? That's fucked up. He's gonna be so mad. I Only played one game with Tom Lehey. He had three errors in the first inning. I only gave up. I gave up one earn run. Two unearned. The two unearned was 'cause he dropped three consecutive balls for a force out at second base. Okay. But I, I love Tom. But he made your stat Line. I you might be better than Him. He, he made your stat line look worse. Well, no, I, no, he was unearned one Earned run. Okay. I, I Gave up one earned run. We, we won 17 to six and he'd be like, how the hell did we give up six with only one earned run.


Hank did pitch the last inning. He gave up three runs. Okay. So Hank made your stat line Yeah. Appear worse. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, camp Barsol last summer was sucking up fly balls in the outfield like a vacuum. So you should just, This is awkward. I'll say it. Just go, Go for This is awkward. Why I Don't feel, I don't feel Awkward. I don't feel is awkward. Awkward. Go for other guy. I'll give you a list of the guys. You're better than Why is he, why does Hank feel awkward? I don't know. You are. I like to see your game. No, I'll, I'll mash some taters Also. I only saw Tom play one game. He could be way worse than that. He hit well he did hit well. He hit Well. He hit well. But it's also 16 inch wheel. Like we can have, we we need more guys.


Yeah. There's gonna be, there's gonna be lots of games that people can't Play. I'm out, I'm out on this Team. I did feel like young, again, it was fun playing, playing softball. It's like it took me back to my twenties. I'm, I'm pumped. I got the green light to play in more games. 'cause I was gonna initially not play in any games that were six 30 or seven 30. I now get seven 30. There's only 1 6 30 game. Love it. I'll be out. Not gonna play in that game. Also, we played, the whole team was stools yesterday. Oh yeah. They're gonna be so fired up to listening to this right now. Yeah. They sucked. They Sucked. If you're you who are listening right now. Yeah. You guys sucked. Thank you for giving us our confidence because you guys were really bad. Yeah. How many games did you guys win last year? In The summer? We won zero Summer.


Yeah. Summer was tough. 'cause schedule Summer was a disaster. Summer was a joke. I will say for the, I thought we were, I honestly thought I was never playing with this team again. 16 Is because 12 inch, I almost died in the last game I pitched. So this how it really, how I really got on the team p ft was when they were like, were playing again. And I was still on this group chat, which is kinda awkward that I'm on this group chat. 'cause they'll be like, anyone want to meet up at a bar on Saturday night? And I'll just be sitting there being with my kids being like, yeah, I do. But no. But anyway, they, they started the group chat and they're like, we're gonna sign up to play softball again. And I just like, basically heavy handed, I was like, if you play 16 inch, I'm in. And then I started paying off people on the team to say they'd play 16 inch.


And so then that's how I got in. Okay. Because I would not have played for 12 inch. I would've absolutely not played. So you should just, I'll add you the group chat. No, you should just be like, I'm in again. I Don't, I don't want a pity spot on this roster. I'm, I'm doing my own team. It's not A pity spot. I'm doing my own team and we're gonna beat the fuck outta you guys. It's not a pity spot Texting ka right now. Well that wouldn't be your own team. Team. That would be Kate's Team. I Don't care. We also, me and Big Cat both won't be at that game. Yeah. But Hank will Actually already ducking me. Hank Will be pitching. Yeah. Okay. So Hank will be pitching, Hank will be pitching in that game. You gonna get shelled. Hank bring It. Yeah, let's go Hank. It's gonna be, what's really gonna be awkward is the day after that, after I take you deep three times. I'm looking forward to it.


The, the stoolie that was pitching against us. I did talk to him after I gave him some tips. I think he's gonna be, I think he has the, the makings of a good pitcher. He just needs to, I was doing the hop step and they were getting, so they're like, why does he keep doing that? The backspin fucks you up. So, And I was standing like behind the left-handed hitters. But yeah, I feel young again. I feel like I missed playing softball. Especially 16, 16 inches is the best game created. It Was, it was a lot of fun. It's so much fun. It was 40 degrees again. So Much fun. The stools that we played. Very bad. Very bad. We had a blast. So, so that's why we're Having, they were, they were worse than Tom to put it into respect to How mad is Tom gonna be so mad.


Really? He's gonna be so upset. It's gonna Oh it's gonna Be great. We might leave the group text. Yeah. Should we bleep his name out? No, you Can't. Or he's gonna be like, I know it's me. I know they're talking about me. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. 'cause it really couldn't be No. Maybe tj, but No, he's fine. He was, he played well. He was the catcher. I want you on the team. PFT I'm I'll leave this team. No, this is Go on your team. This is now my, I it's, it's good to have a quest. It is true though. They a full team that we talked about a lot last summer. Like they interest from you talked about nonstop. Well yeah, but that was, that was like you guys, that was all the producers. It Still is. Yeah. Yeah. It still is just, it, it was just the addition of me by forcing my way in.


'cause I was like, I wanna play 16 inch again. Yeah. This, his team hasn't changed at, I Asked you to play last, last summer too. Oh no. We needed guys. Oh no, we had to settle for Jacob. Oh no. Now it is awkward. Hank, I don't remember that. Wow. We had to get Jacob and he was just smoking cigarettes in the outfield. Oh no. PFTI Don't remember. I must've had something going on because you know me, I love 16 inch softball. Oh no, no. It was 12 inch last summer. No. Yeah, You probably would've come to post, post game beers. Yeah, I definitely would've. Yeah. We Had post game beers last Night. Mean, The group chat sounds like a lot of fun too. It's good. Group's Good. It's not, it's, it's not, It's the group chat's so fun. They Just do like birthday parties, male birthday parties. It's weird. You got another spot. That Was what?


No, that was one time. There's least two, there's at least two birthday party male birthday parties in that group chat. And I, every time I was like, what? They're like, well, I'm having a birthday party. It was Quis and, and Pug. They both had birthday parties. Pug did not have a birthday party. And both times I was like, this is fucking weird. Quis had A birthday party but he was turning 30. Yeah. Pug is 30, 30 year seven birthday parties a year. Yeah. 30. You get a birthday party. Okay. Alright. My fire fest was gonna be that I'm sore from softball, so that's awkward. That sucks. Yeah. But didn't play my real fire fest is, well it's a, it's a good thing. But then part of the internet I didn't really know existed. So I, I got into card collecting for two days this week and I pulled a 86 rookie, not his rookie season, but the rookie card, Michael Jordan, which is like an elusive card that's worth, could be worth like 20 grand.


And then I had the entire card community come after me and they do not like me and they are fucking Losers. That's not a good part of the internet. No. Card collecting is something that I, I respect if guys, you have to have hobbies. If you really love it, that's cool. I hope you enjoy it. It's something that has, has never appealed to me. It's, It's every, it's every niche hobby. It's not like the majority of people who are card collecting for the fun and love of it. It's the gatekeepers. Yeah. And the guys who are like, actually this, I mean, you can guess who, who chimed in are, are eSports correspondent Darren Revelle Darrell and his clit network. He, but they were all coming after me upset, angry, mad saying I, it was an ad deal that I had pla planted.


I don't know. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'll tell you what the card community has has kind of forced my hand. I'm like 75% chance I'm just gonna end up eating this card. And I, when I say eating, literally eating this card, You should also just, You guys can all have a Bite. You should do like very, very obviously planted great cards that you pull out and keep trying to say that they're real. Yeah. And just, just to troll them just to be like, fuck you. They, they already think that. So it's like they already think that I planted this card. I did pull a, a sick gremlin card the other day though. Oh Hell Yes. George. The gui. Yeah. Pretty good from the Gremlins two movie. I think it's worth like three bucks. Hell yes. The best part about old packs of cards is the 30-year-old chewing gum that comes with it.


Yeah. Yeah. I guess there's like a very elusive Michael Jordan rookie card that has the chewing gum attached. That's like rated as zero. But it sold for a lot because What does that mean rating? Because I keep hearing people say you can rate anything. It's PSA rating. I don't know what they do, how they do it. I just know that if it comes back an eight, it's probably worth 10 grand. If it comes back at nine or a 10, which it won't, it's could be worth like 40, 50 grand. It's like the full, it's like the guys in Pawn Stars, it's, It's when they just take it, they're like, Eh. Yeah. It's like the corners 20 grand. It's, it's the cut, which I didn't realize. 'cause back in 1986, it was literally a guy at FLIR smoking a cigarette.


Just cutting the cards. Love that. So like the, the, I think my card is a little off center. People were saying, I don't know, But I thought error cards are worth more like the Billy Ripkin fuck face card. Yeah, but this is like, it's it's the correct card. It's just like a little bit not perfect. Okay. So I don't know. I'm I'm, I was in the card collecting game for two days and I pulled that and I guess I pulled the Charles Barkley rookie card too. Which decent? And a Hakeem rookie. It's pretty good. Yeah. Sounds fake. It does sound rigged. Yeah, sounds very rigged. Okay. Shane, our boy Shane so bad. He's got a piss. Hank's got a piss. You've been peeing a lot recently, Hank. I know. Yeah.


What's up with that? Are you okay? I've Just been hydrated, but yeah, I I shouldn't have to pee this often. Do you have a kidney stone? Maybe you are next. Shane. Can PFT play in your spot next week when you're in Italy? Of course. Mm. Love that bitch. Don't wanna, I refuse. Shane, you're going to Italy by yourself. Yes sir. For how many days? Nine. But that counts tonight, which my flight's a red eye. And, and Shane for everyone who, who doesn't know Shane? He's one of our very talented graphics guys. He, he created the famous a Two years ago. Yep. Shane, you've never been on an airplane and you're going to Italy. Yeah.


Have you ever eaten Alfredo sauce? I have had it, yeah. Yeah. Oh, I heard that you hadn't. So what's the plan? Solo traveling? I'm, I'm, I'm very intrigued and impressed. There isn't much of a plan. I like booked the flight like two months ago and I just got my Airbnbs like two days ago. Oh, You're doing an Airbnb solo? Yeah. Not doing the hostel. Do you speak Italian? I did Duolingo for a little bit, but like, Talk to me. I I can order like a, a coffee. All right. Try it. That's It. VRE Cafe Cone per vre. Oh, with sugar? Yes. Okay, Sir, here's your cup of C Dude, don't make that mistake 'cause they will give you cu they're an island full of, or not an island.


A pen. What peninsula Are you going to? Sicily Pen Peninsula. Full of pervert. Yeah. Yeah. Start, you gotta talk with your hands more too. Okay. That's, they, they like do constant sign language. Are You worried about the mob? I'm getting more worried about it. Yeah. I feel like there's some mob at Awls, so maybe we could just be like, hey, let's, he's our friend. Are You gonna come back with like really stylish clothes? Do I have to check in with somebody? I don't know. I mean, we'll, we'll find out. But if, if you're a mob, if you're a mafia, a LS specifically in northern Italy, let us know so our boy can tap in. Please. It will, we'll give you some cash that you can give as like a little Yeah. You know, safe travels. Yeah. Who's the guy in Italy right now?


Who's the Max Oma? Do you have to tap in with Max Oma? I don't know. Okay. He's Latin maybe. So what, what's the plan you're going, you're gonna go to a few different cities? Yeah, I'm gonna check out some different cities. I'm gonna go to an AC Milan game. Hell yes. I actually, I just booked a, a tour for the Coliseum, but I, I based, I booked it based off weather and after I booked it, I looked at the weather I was looking at and it was Rome, Georgia, So. Oh no, I thought it was gonna be 80 degrees in Italy and it's gonna be like thundering 55 Degrees. Oh no. Alright, well be safe. Don't get kidnapped. Don't get kidnapped. We've already talked about that. If you do, it'll be good for numbers though.


It would be, It would be Good for numbers. Can you, before you go, can you make a graphic of your face, like behind bars that just says kidnapped? Yeah, Just in case. Yeah, just in case. Okay. It won't load it up as a draft just in case I got it. And also maybe make one being like Shane fucked just in case. And then a third said Shane accidentally ordered cu Don't get into a an Amanda Knox situation though. We're very serious about that. God, that would be so good for Downloads. It would be, did we do true crime? Yeah. You become the new Brittany Grinder. Yeah, Pug. Pug.


Why didn't you invite PFT on your softball team? I'm not the, the owner. What? I am the team. I'm the manager. What's the team name? The owner j the owner puts together the owner. The owner puts together the, What's the team name? The Pugs. Oh, Who's the owner? See Jost. He sends invites, puts the roster together. I'm just, the acting pug will not look at, will not look in the direction of PFT right now. Oh no. Just staring at it's blocked off by the, That's exactly what my dog does When he like chews something else In the house. Bad boy. Yeah. Newspaper hit you on the nose looking the Complete opposite direction. We just said, whose job is it? Everybody stared at the dog that did do it.


The dog that did do it. Looks away. Hmm. It's not my fault. Okay. That's okay. It's all right. I'll see you in the playoffs. Yeah, we'll see you. Alright, good. Show boys. Let's do numbers Shane three get this right. 77 17. 365. 1 99 Poke 15 Dante one. Jack's not on the team. Nope. PFT Jack's not, no. All right. And neither is Pug. This He is manager. Manager. Yeah. It is called the pug.


Except I wasn't there last night. I'll be there. Ooh, it's like 86. Little Bit. 80 Oh Jordan, mj. I'm gonna eat that card. Love you guys.