
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. It's just the boys. Were breaking down all of March Madness. Everything we saw the past four days, it's been chaos. Not the greatest tournament, but there's some, still some notable moments, some fun moments. We're gonna talk about all of it. We're gonna do who's back of the week? It's kind of like a football Monday. It's just us boys. We are also going to, yeah. Recap everything we miss. Maybe Tiger Woods dating a Trump. Yeah, but no, I don't think we should cover That because All right.


Yeah, you're right. Please respect his privacy. We won't talk about that.


We are brought to you by our friends at DraftKings when it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets, buzzer beaters. Cinderella's advancing top seeds going home early. It's all gonna happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with DraftKings Sportsbook, with live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app Use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. Yeah. Mindset. Yeah. My, my, yeah. Pardon My Take. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings Bet the unexpected with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, March 24th. And boys, we've just watched a lot of basketball That we mainlined that, that was four days, tough. Four days of, of watching hoops sitting on a couch. My steps, I think my steps per day topped out at about five or 600. Yeah. Which is the way that God intended. Yes. It was a great weekend of sports. It ended up being pretty chalky, but that's okay. Yes, because we got some great matchups coming Up. Yeah. So we're gonna go through each region and break it down. I do wanna say before we get into it, it, when you're listening to this right now on Monday morning, this is one of the toughest Mondays of the entire calendar year. I'm, I stand with you.


It's you, you get four days where you just watch nothing but hoops. The moments in between the games, the moments you wake up on Saturday and Sunday, you're just waiting for the hoops to start again. And then Monday comes and they rip it all away from you. And I just sit there on this Monday and I, I, I kind of stare blankly outside. I'm basically Pablo Escobar staring outside of a window, being like, well, where's the basketball? No basketball. Why? Why is there basketball? We were saying it in, in the cave. The NIT should just play all day Monday and wean us off. Yeah. When's the Crown Play Max? We need, we need something To we us off. I know you're dialed the crowns. It should be playing. It's the, The week of the Final Four. Or it should, you know what it should be?


It should be opening day. MLB would be smart to be like, Hey, here's opening day. I know you guys are, are, are, have just went through four days where you thought maybe it's, it's the same feeling of being on a bachelor party with, with your best friends and having that moment where you're like, man, maybe we should just do this. Maybe we should get a house together in San Diego and just live just the boys, all 15 of us, and just say fuck off to our families. And then you have that moment where you're like, fuck, I gotta go back to real life. That's today. I think it probably does save some relationships though, because you just spent the last four days watching sports all day on tv. If you did it again on Monday Yeah. Then you might have to have a hard conversation. Yeah. I'd I I know it's a personal problem, but I just, I I always struggle with this Monday, and this isn't just because, you know, when we started that our job is sports.


This was before Barstool, before PMT. Like this Monday always sucked for me. 'cause I was just like, that was it. Another, another another year. And then you look at the, you look at the Thursday matchups for Sweet 16 and you just, you look at the schedule and say, where are all the games? Yeah. So why There, it feels like there's should be more games if, If you got home on Monday from work, and then maybe your significant other was like, okay, we got you. You made me wait to watch Severance, so we got that recorded. White Lotus recorded, let's sit down, have a family night. And you're like, UAB is playing UNT And I wanna watch It. It, and I kind of want put that a, a good game. Yeah. And The people that work like a corporate job have to go in and listen to, you know, their coworkers who don't even really watch sports talk about their Bracket, the brackets.


Yeah. Like, oh man, it's a brutal day. This Isn't, I think this day is probably the number one water cooler day. Yeah. And it's, it's, yeah. And, and this year it's gonna be a lot of, man, what happened to March mad? It's what happened to the upsets? What happened to Cinderella? I I just, I'm just saying, I'm here with you guys. I know that our job is a little different than people listening to this show. But you, you are seen, I'm, I'm, I'm shining a light on how much today sucks for you because you're sitting in your car right now. You're on your commute. You're like, man, it's just like the dopamine of of wall to wall hoops when they take it away from you. I'm an addict. Yeah. I need The hoops. But if, but if you are a fan of one of the teams that's still in it, this is a great Monday.


Yeah. Because that now you get to just Oh yeah. Relive the entire, you got two games that you get to think back on, read all the stats from, Make plans for Thursday or Friday of where you're gonna go drink and hang out. Yeah, yeah. No, it's, are you, are we gonna go to the game? Alright, so well before we do the regions has, is March Madness gone? Have we lost March back? There Was no madness this year. It was, it was too sane. So, So the, the, the biggest culprit that I've seen being blamed is NIL and Transfer Portal. I think that's actually a fair critique because what has happened with a lot of these games is that, or a lot of these teams, a lot of those smaller conferences will take a shot on a guy who maybe wasn't a, you know, a high level guy outta high school, maybe was at juco, maybe didn't grow all the way.


They take a shot on him. He's good for a year, and then he gets plucked in the transfer portal in NIL. And all the Power five schools are basically picking apart all the smaller schools and taking their best players. And then you don't get upsets. I actually think it's a fair critique. I think you need a little bit more of a sample size than two years. But we did lack, especially the first two days, the madness we had no, what would, what would be the moment we even looked to for the first two days? McNeese? McNeese. Yeah. McNeese in the first round. That was pretty, Robert Moores for a Half. That was pretty mad. Also. Was it Norfolk? Norfolk Nor Norfolk was, they were, they were plucky, they were frisky Norfolk for the middle, the middle 20 minutes of the game.


And because they lost by like, like 30 The story, the, the underdog story, the feel good Hoosiers story coming out of this weekend. Was those, those plucky underdogs at Arkansas? Yeah. Coach Cal. Yeah. He is the one Cinderella. Yeah. That's still left. And he's at Arkansas. They were 10 seeds. So it still counts. But yeah, we don't get the mid majors, which is unfortunate. Yeah. Because I, I do, It's good to, but also for college basketball, it's good to have one, maybe two of those. Yes. And the matchups are all really good. If you look at what we're looking at for Thursday and Friday, it's gonna be some good games. I, I'm a big believer and you don't want the St. Peter's going all the way to the Elite eight and having a blowout game in the Elite eight. I want the basketball to get better and better as the tournament goes along.


But we absolutely missed out on having one or two crazy upsets. I think it was the first time in 15 years I read that all the one two threes and fours won their first round game. So that, that tells you everything right there. Like we didn't have that one moment, a buzzer beater or a 15 point dog winning it all. It was also, I also was laughing because the, the gambling influencers online has become a, a popular business. And I saw a few dudes doing tiktoks being like, here's the plan for March Madness. We take every single money line dog straight in the first two days. Y were you one of those influencers saying, no, I was not.


And it is like it, this was not the year to do that. This was not the year to do that. There was no madness. Yeah. We lack madness There. Very little madness. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So yeah, I mean, I I I I'm holding out hope that we'll get the madness in in future years, but it would be crazy for us to do this show on Monday and be like, wow, that was incredible. That was the best thing we ever see. It wasn't, we lacked madness this year, but also I still had Fun. But also if there's anything that you don't like about college sports, the very first thing that you can always point at is you're like, NIL transfer portal. NIL did it. Yeah. Yeah. NIL did do it and All. But it is kind of weird that the transfer portal is now open. Yeah, it opened up on Sunday night. Yeah, Well it's like college football. They do the same thing when the Playoffs are still going on.


The transfer portal's happening. I I was saying in the cave as well that like I, if you're say like 50 billion, you have 50 billion, you don't own a sports team, just start doing cool Guy moves and everyone will be like, man, that guy rocks. If I were Mark Cuban, I don't have the Mavs anymore, I would just be like, Hey, you know what I, I need the madness. All the small schools in, in college basketball and division one college basketball, I'm gonna give you $3 million each any non-Power five school for per year. So then you get some of the second guys from the Power five from the big program. Well, no. So they'd be able to keep some of their guys Yeah. They'd be able to keep their guys, their homegrown guys is they're Still gonna be able to get outspent by the big program.


Of Course. But they, And now the SEC learned that once you start throw, once you throw money at all the sports that you used to just throw money, like football was the one place Yeah. Where they would dominate for a while. And now the SEC is like, oh, we can pay basketball players too. Yeah, let's go. But I would, I would like some cool, some rich guy to be just like, win cool guy of the year. We'll give you the award win cool guy of the year and just say, Hey, oh, Akron, you have a, you have a guy you took a shot on who was incredible this year, and now he's gonna get $250,000 from a Power Five program. Well here's $250,000. Keep him there. Have fun For the billionaires that don't have a school that they like already. Right? Yeah. Or just for billionaires who love the madness. I would say the billionaires that, that love madness probably have already found a school that they're giving money to.


But I I, And also they're, they don't give a fuck about the mad. They, they, they truly wouldn't care. Like, oh man, I can't believe, oh boohoo, I have $50 billion and there wasn't enough madness. That's probably not going through their heads. Probably not. I'm just looking out for, for the regular guys. They're the billionaires like that. They're like, oh, the sports is on tv. Yeah. You guys are watching sports ball. I was thinking about this. Take more. What happens when they run out of the money? What do you mean? So does The, that billionaire just have to give a billion every year. Maybe not a billion, but like 500 million if you have, if you had a hundred billion, that's a lot of billions. How many you're gonna get rid of that. Listen, I'm not a financial advisor. I'm not, I'm not very good with my own money, but this is what I would do.


I think what big cat's asking for is, is very politely all those a hundred billionaire. If the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia wants to get involved in mid-major college basketball, now is the time to do it. Or here. But you have to continue to do which, here's What you, okay, fine. You know what, just one of these a hundred billionaires, just give me the money and I'll handle it. I think that'll go badly for you. Why? Because it doesn't sound like you're thinking This through. How sick would it be though if I was the king of the, the the little guys? Well, We were talking about it in the cave at first. You like 20 million million? Yeah. You said 20 million to 200 schools. I was like, no one is that rich to just like do this every year. Like the, if You gave 20 million, you wouldn't have to give it to 200 though.


That's what he said. He said, I'll get 20,000,200 Schools. You're a deal with the mid majors. There's mid-majors and then there's mid, mid majors. Yeah. You know, like some of the familiar names from the mid-majors that we like to see run around. Yeah. There's the one bid leagues that I would just be like, all right, pick the one team and I'll give you the money this year. Yeah. Yeah. Like you guys, you guys could rope team like The mountain west gets four or Five. Yeah. They get they get Yeah, they would get, yeah, they would. They'd get to pick four or five. But like Yeah, the Patriot League, you get one team. Yeah. I'm gonna boost one team. Maybe I'd spin a wheel. That would be a cool selection Sunday where it's like every year right before the transfer portal opens you, everyone gets to tune in. It's like, all right, Lehigh. There'd be some, you're getting 20 million this year buddy.


There'd be some administrative errors. Like the Mac gets five teams but it accidentally goes to the Mac. Yeah. The two a Mac. Oh, I would boost the fuck outta the Mac. That would be awesome if I just gave a billion to the Mac. Yeah. Alright. Maybe not the smartest idea, but it was an idea I had, this is kind of max my math on this was like the meme that goes around every now and then. We were like, what if Bill Gates could just give a million dollars to every person in American and and solve poverty? And someone does the money, the the numbers Are like, dude, you get $120. Yeah. He Doesn't, he doesn't have that. You know what's a better use of this money is if you just pay off refs. Yeah. You'd only have to pay off like 15 guys. Yeah, that too. Or pay off the big boys to be like, Hey, why not?


Maybe get upset today. Take a dive. Yeah. Here's a million bucks. Alright, let's get to the, to the regions. Let's get to the games. Let's start. We'll do, we'll do the bracket in order. This bracket by the way that was printed out for us on Sunday night with none of the regions has set me back. I couldn't name any of the regions. Well there was a first bracket. You got the second bracket. It's there was there was a different one that was on your desk. 'cause I got the first one and it's good. Auburn, you wanna start in that? Yeah, Yeah. We'll do it. We'll do it in order. That's the, That's the south. Yeah. We're, it's in the south. It's in the top left. Auburn, Creighton, Auburn. I feel like there was the vibe that Auburn had bad vibes.


They had lost, you know, three outta four I think going into the tournament. This was one of those games where everyone I feel like wanted to Creon to to win Bet Creighton and Auburn. It was a very close game. And then Auburn was like, wait, we're Auburn. We're better than you. And it, I think it was a tie game with 10 minutes left and then you looked up and it was a 10 point game and, and Janai broom didn't even play well. Like he was missing every little bunny. The scariest part about Auburn as a team is Pettiford the guy who comes off the bench, who's an NBA player. He was awesome. And they have that guy coming off the bench And they also have the, the crazy guy Chad Baker mra. Yeah. Who gets kicked out of a couple Minutes, had a great game.


I love watching play. He's got a little George Pickens in him. Yeah. He just goes nuts. And he is a force when he is the DNA of guys that are just really great rebounders. They're fascinating to be just 'cause they're always fighting and he's one of those guys. He takes it over the line sometimes. But yeah, he was, he was somewhat dominant in that game. I wish that and Max would not like this Max by the way. RAP the big East. No teams in the Sweet 16 As one of my takes Anti Oh that was one of your, I I tasked Max. Max is, was, is doing what Hank did last week. He's he's on the IR right now. Said I'm good. Bring some takes. And you said you're gonna bring some takes. I don't have a, I don't have the strongest takes but I, I got, I got talking points.


Okay. So the biggie's out Creighton was not the were they the last team in? Yeah, they played before. Oh, Yukon. Yukon was out on Sunday. I wish Ca Lk Brenner and Ashworth could just stay at Creighton forever. They're just such college basketball players and like it sucks that that's kind of the end for them getting bounced in the second round. But what was your big East take? Just that like this tournament doesn't really matter anymore 'cause there's no more big East teams left. Okay. I like that. Your take should be that the Big East tournament is actually the hardest tournament to win. Yeah. Yeah. That's the national champion. St. John's Like s sec there's too too many SEC teams. SC Big East is college basketball. S SEC's football.


They're carpet baggers. Yeah. Yeah. They're just acting like they've cared about college basketball along. But you know that in, in your heart of hearts, if you're Auburn would, what would you trade for a football? How many basketball national championships would you trade for a football? Five. You think? Five. No, no less than five. I do agree with this taken that the SEC has two and a half basketball schools that I respect Kentucky as basketball schools, Kentucky, Florida and half of Tennessee. None of the other like Auburn's, great. Auburn could win the national title. They might win the national number one seed. But I don't respect him as a basketball school. That's football. Like, that's not a, it's not insult.


That's Football. And I and I, the fans aren't the same. It's football. 'cause like when you're, when you're watching SEC basketball fans, you know, you're only thinking in the back of your head. Like they don't, they don't care about this. Like they care about football. Correct. When you look at Big East, big East basketball fans, it's everything. Right. Right. It's all you got. It's all you got. I mean Kentucky is, is Definitely, Kentucky is an outlier. Like, And Florida because of the history. Right. Like Florida has the history of being really good at basketball. So I count them as well. For sure. For sure. And Tennessee as well. Half Half of the Yeah, I'm Fine with half of Tennessee. You you like that take? Yeah. Two and a half. I like that. I think but Big East it's all of them. Yeah. I Think Tennessee is up there though because they do care. Yeah. No, but Football, it, Tennessee is obviously ver is is a clear One.


They care in a way that like they deeply care about because they've never won. Right. But I respect them. I'm giving 'em a half because I respect their basketball tradition and, and they do care. It's more that football still is the king there and Florida gets it just because of the, they've won titles. The fact that Alabama has won so many titles in college football and that, I think it would still, it would, it would probably take Bamba fans like what, six seven Nats in football to trade for a a basketball one. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, if Creighton out Big East Out Auburn, I think they're, they're fine. Obviously it gets tougher going through. But like, this was the first game where I think, I think everyone was like, oh, I don't know how Auburn's going to Auburn's gonna play here.


And He shaky in the first round. Right. Well, and they, and they finished the season not looking great and I think they're fine and they have that, like I said, like Jeni Broom didn't play that well. I felt like he missed every short shot that he was taking and he, he's the national player of the year. He's gonna be fine. And then Michigan next. Right. Yeah. That's gonna be interesting to see how they go up against the big guys on Michigan. Yeah. So Michigan, Texas a and m was one of our good games this weekend. Even though the final score doesn't look that great. But this was a great game in the fact that it was like punch, counter punch where it was very tight in the first half. Then Texas a and m was up 60 to 50 with 1317 left.


And Michigan went on a 31 12 run in the next 10 minutes. Dusty May is just a hell of a coach. He, he said it on our show. He's like, we needed a reset. We need a reset. What have they done since then? They won the Big 10 tournament and now they're in the Sweet 16. And like his use of, of like Vlad got in foul trouble. He was subbing him in and out. Offense defense, Vlad was a beast. It was a tough day for any Ohio State fans. 'cause Roddy Gale who transferred to Ohio State was unconscious. Michigan's just like, I, I just think Dusty May's one of those guys that I'm putting him in. Like tournament coach. Well, yeah. And, and Vlad's a tournament player. Big time tournament player. And they have, this is interesting.


What's, what's the guy's name from Michigan? Is it Donaldson? Yeah, I think it's Donaldson was, he was at Auburn. Yeah. And then transferred to Michigan. Now they're gonna be matched up. And I, I actually like watching Wolf play too. Oh, He is awesome. Wolf is, he is, he is a little addicted to spin moves. He's addicted to spin moves and he, he like might appear kind of frumpy when you first look at him, but I think it's deceptive how fast He's No. And he's, he also is, he's seven feet and he passes so well if Michigan, basically Michigan is gonna come down to like every Michigan game, the turnovers can, they limit the turnovers And Michigan just wants them to keep winning. 'cause the longer they win, the longer they have to kind of push off the reality that's hitting some of their other programs right now.


Oh, what are you talking about? I don't know. I don't know. David Weiss. I don't know. There's just other things, Other things going on. But we Don't have to worry about the other things while sports are still happening. That's true. That's how it goes. It's like Florida. Yeah. Ole Miss Iowa State, Chris Beard, another tournament coach like Ole Miss. I don't think anyone expected them to make noise in this tournament. They had a good season in the SEC. They weren't one of the dominant teams in the SEC. They killed UNC on Friday and then they killed Iowa State on Sunday. Yeah. Tournament coach. So is this the first Sweet 16 that they've been to since, was it like 2000? It's been a long time. Something like 20 years. Because I thought that Marshall Henderson had got there.


No, but he didn't. It's just that anytime he won a game, he thought Made, you know, you thought That they just won the Final Four game at, he let you know That he Won the game at, he let you know that they won. But yeah, Chris Beard and the guys, they, they look very, very good today against Iowa State. I asked Mark Titus this Big Cat. I'll ask you the same question. Yes. I, is it time to prepare to have a conversation about Zel Berger? In what way? Just a conversation of like, when, when can we expect more than Sweet Sixteens? Because I feel like he's a victim of his own success at this point. He's only been there four years. Yeah. And he is gone to two sweet sixteens in four years. I would say not yet. 'cause Iowa State's not exactly the easiest place.


They they don't have like the most resources. Yeah. And the most fertile recruiting ground. I'd say he's a really good coach. Two four tournament appearances in four years, two sweet sixteens. Of those four, I would say TJ Altberg is a pretty damn good coach. Maybe a little too tight on the polo that they're Getting tired. Work on that. But yeah, I think he's a very good coach. I, I'm not, to be clear, I'm not having the conversation, but you're asking But I'm saying is it time for others to begin to prep for the conversation? Right. I think maybe it's okay to prep. It's never too early to prep. Yeah. I think, I think going like in the next couple years if he, he needs to make a deep run, but the tournament's so fucking hard.


Man. He's such a good coach that now you're like, we expect more from you. But I Mean, one of his best players gets hurt right before that. He kind of kept that from the media, got himself a better seed. But yeah, no, I, I think he's a very good coach and I mean he was a very good coach. He took a small school. I can't remember what, where was he before that? I know he was at UNLV, but where was he before that? 'cause I know he took them to the tournament as well. South Dakota State. Yeah. So I think he's a very good coach. UNLV? No. Yeah, but before I said UNLV. Oh. But yeah, South Dakota State. It was a late night. Yeah, it is a late night. No, I'm saying last, last night. I'm being hopeful over here. Last night was late night. Who fucking brought this up? Is tonight gonna be later than last night? Yes. Oh, is it, is it Lisa?


Flip a coin flip? You know what? I, I don't, I am, I am bringing, I'm bringing as much as I would any other day. You aren't bringing a lot. You're bringing a lot. If you're gonna hoot with the, you gotta, I'm still talking more than it's true. Hey, because it said anything TJ ought Anything bring about the hot seat Hank no crazy tank. You think terrible take That Wasn't the take. The take was is time to prepare to have a conversation. Also a bad take. Not a hot seat. Just a conversation about him. No, No, I'm not coach. I'm not saying hot seat. But some coaches, they start to get labeled as can't get past the sweet 16. Once they get good enough at coaching. I think It's so hard in this tournament. You just, the luck of the draw and everything, it's fucking hard.


It's hard. He just needs to get a, a looser polo. It is way too tight. It's way too Tight. Insane. Tight. Every day. Insane. It's like a shrink coat. Too Tight Max. That's, that's not even the one from today. The one he's wearing today. The, the gray and black one. It's also crazy because like, if you're getting your, the shit kicked outta you like they did by Ole Miss today and almost was phenomenal. Again, Chris Beard tournament coach, like I, that's a guy. If you're playing the second game, you know, with, with less than 48 hours to, to plan. Give me Chris Beard every time because he just feels like he's gonna out game plan the the the other coach. But if you're getting the shit kicked out of you, like throw on a sweatshirt or something, dude, you're, he's basically wearing a skin suit. It's crazy.


It it got smaller. It did. It got smaller to get, maybe that's what he should do. Maybe he needs to get even smaller of a Polo. Just wear the small switch to the maybe just a singlet. Maybe he's Like into BDSM. He's got punish himself until he gets past the Sweet 16. If he showed up with a leather, a tight leather one that would, that just zipped like all the way up with a hoodie that he could pull over his entire face. Yeah, I would bet on him for that. By the way, other win for Ole Miss. I feel like Chris Beard's staying right because all the Iowa got Ben McCollum from Drake. We already knew that Darren Dre went to Indiana and then Sean Miller went to Texas. Yeah. So I don't know where Chris Beard would go, but I feel like they might've survived one of those, you know, coaching carousels Nova.


Because remember Rick Pitino came in here and he told us Yeah. He's like, Chris Beard should be the coach of Indiana Nova Max. Do you want Chris Beard? Not a Nova guy. Not A not a Nova Guy. Where is it at? Where are we at with the Nova search? I don't know. Marilyn keeps winning so it's not great there Maybe this guy Who T TJ Berg. Tj I'll take him. I would, I I have dibs on him years from now. He is from Wisconsin. We, the ll know was a much better job. I'm just saying I have dibs on him. I, well we'll see. Well do you not respect dibs? No. I gotta respect dibs. Yes. Thank you. I gotta respect DI rest my case. PPFT has dibs on Cooper Flag. Yeah. Respect. And you respect that. Respect That, That one I don't respect it.


No, you do respect it. Well we'll see. Nasty. If, if you get, if you get the first pick, I'll respect it. Thank you. But if, But if the Sixers get the first pick, I will not respect I if the Sixers, he should go back to college. Yes. The not By the way, you know what the Sixers that is, the Sixers do a great job. Big men with ankle injuries. He's not a big man. How, how tall is he? But he's not a big Man. He's a big man with ankle injuries. He, He's a taller guy who had a sprained ankle. Yeah. Paul George. He's a big man. No, you Don't, you're not using big man. You go to a Bad job. I, I said he is A, I mean everyone in the N nba Paul George Is a big man. Fact or fiction. He Is a tall.


He is. He's tall. Yeah, He's tall. He's tall. Alright. Last one in this region. New Mexico, Michigan State. Great. Seeing Rick Pitino out there supporting Rich Richard. I dunno if you saw the picture. I think most people saw great, saw the picture, great fans behind him. Fans, everybody was behind him. New Mexico great Fans. Michigan State deserves a lot of credit. 'cause Michigan State got punched in the mouth at the beginning of this game. And they just keep, they keep pushing the pace and they're just dogs. New Mexico probably could have gotten a better whistle. I'll say that. Yeah. Yeah. Probably. Probably. But they, they didn't hang in there. No. It, it looked promising at the start.


I mean I think that's one coach Richard Pitino. It's it's a matter of time before he's in the Big East. Right. Well he's gotta take over for St. John's. That's a su succession Plan. He could, yeah. I was thinking there's people having a discussion at Providence right now since heating up. Is He a, is he a big conference coach? Not so much at Minnesota. Yeah, he was a name, he was a name that was floating around Villanova circles. But they Were, I think, I think the Minnesota years have scared some people. Yeah. But that would be good. Get a little more Italian. It Just does feel like his destiny to be in the Big East at some point. Right. I, I agree. Yeah. New Mexico, they just kind of ran outta gas and, and Michigan State was just better.


Tom Izzo now 16th. Sweet 16. And I saw this, someone has a chart where they have like expected wins in the tournament. I would assume that's based on like being, you know, favorites and seating and all that stuff. Tom Izzo has been to the tournament 21 times. His expected wins are 27.6. He has 39 wins. It might be 40 now. And that's an 11.4 difference. The next closest on this chart is Cal with, he has six wins above expected. Hmm. So Tom Izzo very good tournament coach. Very good.


Did you see what he did last year when he got bounced? Yeah. He wrote down, I'm getting back to a deeper run in this tournament or I'm going to die trying. Yeah, He was, he said That out loud. Yeah. He wa in an interview was he was literally going to to kill himself. Trying to get back to this point. And he did it. I believe Him. Yep. I absolutely believe him. Would've Loved to see Michigan. Michigan State in the elite eight. It'd be scenes That would be scenes. Hank, that would, that's a great point. Hank won Max zero. That was a great point. I, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not paying attention like That one. He like that one. Who gets Great point.


Hank. I was, I was actually prepping for The next region. No, I'm trying to count as many How how many football schools and basketball schools are left. And there's honestly more basketball schools than I thought that they thought They were. Okay. Wait, wait. Give us, do you have the number? No, I'm in the process of doing it. Alright, So when you, when you're ready, interrupt us and tell us. And I want to go down the list and list off every school because I would like to debate that. Great point. Hank, Michigan, Michigan State would be scenes in the elite eight scenes. Scenes. Scenes. Get to kiss the logo at Center Court. Yeah. Kiss the bracket. I'd Like, I'd like Tom Zo to get back to another Final four because that does feel like even if Michigan State doesn't win at all, it would be one of those we can, we can really sit and enjoy Tom Zos career.


Yeah. You get the stories written about him. Like, this is crazy. He's, you know, 30 years in coaching, he's back to another Final four. It's Tough to beat a team three times in the same season. Yeah. I wonder if you would, I think you, if you're Tom Izzo, you'd have to, you'd have to just have it on loop of them disrespecting the ass. Yeah. You because they were about to that ass. Kiss the ass. Yeah. You gotta kiss that ass. Alright, let's take a break and then we'll go to the next region.


This episode of Pardon My Take, brought to you by our friends Gametime. The best part of college basketball is here. And we know you're as excited as we are to watch some big upsets throughout the tournament while we're streaming in the cave. You, you can get out to see the action in person with Gametime, the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Price on the app actually go down the closer it gets to Showtime plus the Gametime picks feature makes it even easier to find the great deals on the seats you want. You can even find last minute tickets for the tournament for up to 60% off quickly and easily. Just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT picks setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. Hank, we're looking at tickets for the regional Thursday. Thursday session. One, New Jersey. You can get into the building for $218. $218. I think that is Alabama. Verse BYU. So they've got great curated deals for all tiers of tickets. And you know you're getting the top option when you see the Super Deal icon. What are you waiting for? Go buy those tickets right now. Watch some college hoops. It's gonna be great. Sweet 16. So take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime.


We're also brought to you by our friends at American Home Shield. What do your March Madness brackets and your home appliances and systems have in common? They both tend to get busted now as a benefit with select American Home Shield warranty plans. You can conveniently video chat with a live repair expert to help assess or fix an issue. Talk about taking home protection to the next level. And thanks to American Home Shield, we were able to video chat in Hank to get an expert assist as you pick your favorite teams for the 2025 tournament. Hank John Wooden is the all time leader in men's basketball championships with 10. Coach K is second with five. Oh. Thank you so much Hank. We're here to help prevent a busted bracket. Just like American Home Shield is here to help with a busted home appliance or system. Listen, I own a home. Things break all the time. American Home Shield is there for you. This is where our friends at American Home Shield come in when you have an American Home Shield warranty. Last week I think I had a, I had a leak in a, in, in, in the fridge, the bottom underneath. I should have called American Home Shield because they will help fix or replace covered parts of homeless systems and appliances no matter their age. Plus as a benefit with select plans, HS offers a convenient video chat feature that lets you connect with a live repair expert to help assess or even fix a home issue in real time. Listeners can get 20% off any plan today. Just visit ahs.com/pmt to sign up. Don't wait until something is busted. Get ahead of home repairs with ahs. Go to ahs.com/pmt for 20% off any plan today. See ahhs.com/contracts for coverage details including limit amounts, fees, limitations, and exclusions.


Okay. PFT, what's the next region We going down? Yeah, we're going down region. Yeah, we're going west. Okay, so we're starting the south and then we're going down to the west. West. Yeah. Yeah. So Florida, Yukon, Great game. Incredible game. Danny Hurley actually coached an awesome game. 'cause if you saw Florida play the way that they handled their business, you thought that this was, they were just gonna run Yukon outta the gym. Yeah. And the way that, that Yukon kind of like took away some of the strengths that Florida had. This was as good a job that Danny Hurley's done coaching and then after the game, him saying, I hope they don't fuck you. Like they fucked us. He, he kinda lost his shit.


Danny Hurley lost his shit. No way. And a lot of people are upset at Danny Hurley for being a bad loser. I think. I think he would say, yes, I'm a bad loser. I think he would agree with those people, but also I don't care. Yeah. I don't care that he's a bad loser. People get upset about Danny Hurley. Whatever he does. And I, I'll say it again. The guy wins. Obviously he didn't win this game, but he did actually finish, they're still I think 14 and oh in their last 14 tournament games. Against the Spread. Against spread covered. Big time. Yeah. Covered. So, and he said afterwards, like, we fought like champions. And I actually agree with that.


Yukon was not as good as Florida. Yukon fought like a team defending their title and not going out in a sad way. And yeah, Danny Hurley's gonna yell about the refs after. Of course. What did you expect? That's what, that's what coaches do. That's what fans do after a game here. Here's the thing. I would rather, I would rather Danny Hurley yell that in a camera than a coach. Be mad about the refs. Get up at the podium and just give cliches and lie about Everything. You know what? Also I maybe, maybe I'm not a doctor so I can't diagnose him. He might have Tourettes. He could, he winces a lot during the games. When he drops those f bumps. It might just be a byproduct of Tourette's.


There was a clip too where he, he might've told Luke Murray his assistant to shut up. Shut up. But that, That's just a direct communicator Big Cat. If you're in, in the moment, you only have x amount of seconds during a timeout. You gotta be direct and to the point. You can't be having side conversations. And, And it was, it really was like a, Florida's a better team. Yukon had their struggles all year, but their coaching staff is so good. Like watching that first half, they confused the fuck outta Florida. Yukon runs a very complex offense. It's beautiful to watch. And they confused Florida many times. They just couldn't hit the shots. Yeah. Like they had, they were scheming open, wide open shots. They ended up shooting I think 27% from three.


That was the difference. They just didn't have the shot making that Walter Clayton has and Walter Clayton. He is awesome. He's Yes, he is. He is awesome to watch. Think St. John's could have used him. Probably. Yeah. 'cause he did play for Rick Pitino at Iona. But he, Walter Clayton is so, he, he, he glides on the floor. I, I don't know what it is. He's, his movement is just so smooth. And He's always in rhythm. He's always in rhythm. And that, that dagger three that he hit was just a big time shot and a big time moment. And Florida, that was that. This is why I love the tournament too, because Florida plays in the SEC where it's just constant up and down scoring. You know, every team's scoring 80, 90, it's physical, but then they go and play against Yukon and, and, and Yukon throws things at them they haven't seen.


And that's why the tournament is so difficult. 'cause you can, you can just have one team that has your number on one day and it's it, And to clear something up. I, I saw what Danny Hur said after the game, and then I went back to look at maybe some of the calls that he was complaining about. And I, I think the refs called a pretty good Game. Yeah. I mean the refs have not been like awesome in this term. They're okay in that game, but it's also nothing egregious. Florida was just the better team. Yeah. The better team won. Yeah. And that's good. I'm glad that we get to see more of Florida. But also this was like unexpectedly good performance from Ucon. Ucon Yukon fought like a champion That's like all you can ask for. 'cause I did not think they were gonna win this game, going into this game. And what with five minutes left, I was like, Yukon might have him here.


And that's a credit to Yukon. Florida though is nasty. They're they're fun to watch too. They just do, they just shoot threes and dunk. Yep. And it's fun. Okay. Probably the best game of the whole weekend. Probably the best game of the whole tournament. This Was the madness. Maryland, Colorado State, Derrick Queen's buzzer beater that now is being called a travel. And it might've been a travel, but I'm so happy they didn't call it a travel because I wanted to watch a buzzer beater that was such an awesome big boy move by him. And then afterwards just saying like, are you, were you nervous for the moment? He's like, no, I'm from Baltimore. Yeah. So, so they, they asked him, what play did you call?


And he said, I said, who wants the ball? And then Queen said, gimme the motherfucking ball. Yeah. So I gave him the ball. Yeah. Kevin Willard said that after. Yeah. He asked everyone in the huddle, who wants the ball? And he was like, I want the fucking ball. So Jalen Lake was the guy from Colorado State that hit that shot that then got passed before. Yes. By by Queen. We should do a Mount Rushmore. Can we put that Hank can you write that down maybe next to the bon list? The Shot before The Shot for Yeah. The shots that nobody remembers. Yeah. That's a good one. Like bangers that, that just get completely lost to history because Marcus page. Marcus page. Oh yeah. Marcus page. Good one. Very good one. Jevon. K. That one's a, that's a big one. Jevon Curse The catch before Malcolm Butler.


Oh. Oh yeah. That's a good one. Jevon K Was it Jevon? K Jevon Curse. A defensive end. The defensive end from Tennessee and Philadelphia. You know who I'm talking about? Yeah. You're talking about the guy in the Seahawks who caught off his Jermaine curse. What was his name? It was a great catch by the, by that guy on the sideline. Yeah. Jermaine Curse. Yes. Sorry. Good job man. Said because We don't pretty close because we don't remember him. Right? Yeah. Yeah. That's a good one. We should do that. That Banger of a joke. And my American cousin right before Booth got up there. Ooh. It was a great joke. Got him. Yeah. This was an awesome game though. And I, Florida's nasty fun to watch. Oh no, we're talking about Maryland, Colorado State. Yeah. My brain's fucking done Kni March Kni.


I feel bad for Colorado State. I do too. They were, they were one of the hottest teams going into the tournament. They played awesome. I mean, they beat Memphis. I know. They were favorites. It was a 12 five and then they took Marilyn to the brink here and yeah, probably it was a travel. But again, who's You can't call that. You can't Call that. That Happens every game. And it's never called. We, We spent the entire weekend saying, why is this on TV on, can you get this Off tv? Tv? No, no, no. Keep it on. There's a woman naked who's just like, keep it On. Who doesn't have legs. Yeah. Turn it Off naked and afraid. I Why are you looking at me? Turn it off. Remote's not working. Turn it off. The Not working.


Turn it off. She's got No legs. Hank put That on the, I don't wanna see this every time. Turn it Off. Put on on the bunk list for yourself that you put that on And wanted it to keep it on. Now is the dude naked walking around? Get it off It's naked. Afraid. This is just TBS getting all these ratings from the games. Ah, get it off. Why can't you turn it off? You're turn it off. He's not, he's not turning. He's actually watching this. And The longer it stays on, the longer I kinda like it. Ugh. Take What was the thing? We would always come on when we were, when we were in the old studio in New York, American Ninja Warrior. That's right. American Ninja Warrior was like our closing time, time to time to go home.


And there's, there's a show that's always on TV in the morning after the NBA playoffs if you like, go to the gym. Yeah. And they still have the TVs on from last night. Yeah. Was it charmed? Is that the one that's always on? Might Be Charmed. Charmed, yeah. Ah, yeah. But Colorado State, they played their balls off and Oh, what I was gonna say is you can't spend all weekend saying there's no madness. And then when there's the one madness that happens, like travel. Yeah. The travel people. What the fuck? A lot of people, when you slow it down, you look at it, he might have taken a gather step, which you can't do in college. Right. But that same play happens all the time. It's never called in real time. Unless you went to Colorado State, that should not bother. Right. Colorado State fans every right to be upset.


Send that replay everywhere. Everyone else. It was an awesome shot. It was an awesome moment. It was a big boy move. Derrick Queen is, is really fucking good at basketball. I don't know. We've had this debate when we've been watching the games, the baggy long sleeves. Not a huge fan of, but everything else about Derrick Queen is Awesome. It just must get super hot. It's crazy. It is kind of nuts. He must Just love a Sweat. Although like you see some of the, it's kind of swaggy. You think so? It looks different. I if you hit a shot like that too true. We're gonna remember that. Yeah. Now everyone's gonna do It. Yoic could probably wear one of those jeans. Ator said it was not a travel Gene. Gene said no travel Gene sta are also too much.


Gene Let's Yeah, that's A tape. Way too much Gene. Way too much Gene. Let's get, let's go to Gene and he'll tell us if the refs got this one right? Yeah. I think they got this one right guys. All right. Thanks Gene. Another wait, the replays. I've gotta be fixed. Do you know there's too many replays with a two minutes ago? Replays with travel now, you know, we don't want that. You Know what they need to do to, to get the replays, like maybe fewer replays. Every time they do a replay it should just be a solo cam on the ref's face. And then we slowly just do like facts about that guy's life. And then if you do too many replays, eventually it's just gonna be your Address. Too many more facts. We're gonna Post your address online. Like it's just like, oh, this is what this guy, this is what he likes.


This is what he, and it's just, Hey man, you did 15 replays in the last four minutes. Now we know your, you know your passwords to all your, your computers and your address and your wife's name. We know everything. I, I I think what it what you do is line by line. You just show his browser history. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Something to make it so that like, hey, we gotta do this replay really fast. Because if we don't, they're gonna know that I was on PornHub an hour before Tip. Also Gene Erritory. He's a football school. Yeah. He's not a Basketball school. Yeah. Do you wanna know my numbers? Yeah, Let's go. Let's do it. Yeah. It's way more basketball schools than, than I was anticipating. Okay, So go but say the school and then say whether it's a football or basketball school.


Okay. Arkansas football. Yep. Yep. Texas Tech. I put under, I don't know. No, That's football school. It's Football school. Okay. But, okay. Arizona basketball. Yep. Duke Basketball. BBYU. I put, I don't know, That's kind of just Foreman. Yeah. Yeah. Bama Football. Maryland basketball. Yes. Florida. We said basketball but It's a, it's it's a true 50 50 school. Yeah. I think. I think Florida's a BA football sport Otherwise, but they've also won, right? Yeah. Right. But Florida's a Football. Yeah it is a football school. But it's like they're so good at basketball too. Yeah. Purdue basketball. Yep. Houston basketball. Yep.


Michigan football. Auburn football. Kentucky basketball. Tennessee. We said half, I think at the end of The day it's football. It's football school. It's football. I was more saying half their, I respect their fans. Okay. Okay. Ole Miss Football. Michigan State basketball. Yeah. So good list. So what was the total? Well now we, we switched a couple of 'em and I don't, I don't know how to do this math. Oh no, No. I think subtraction. Think it would be, are we putting, so we're putting Florida, Florida's a Football school. Football, So I think that would be seven eight. Eight. Football We got, that'd Be eight.


It's 16. We're gonna get to 16. I know that actually makes sense. Eight football, seven basketball. One B one Mormon. Okay. Alright. Graphic Shane. Graphic. Get it. Okay. Texas Tech. Drake. Texas Tech is just, is good. It was better than Drake. Ben McCollum the big, I feel bad for Drake. They have lost their coach in back to back years. Darren Dre went to West Virginia. Now in Indiana, Ben McCollum goes to Iowa. And that sucks because they finally avoided the Drake meltdown. Then they went up against Texas Tech and JT Toppin who was, I think he was 11 for fif 13 from the field.


Just an absolute beast. And yeah, that sucks for Drake. That's, That's the kinda guy where it's like if, if Drake had that, that mystery billionaire NIL money you, you're not gonna get a guy like JT Toppin that's gonna be able to do that. Right. And Ben McCollum's a really good coach and he is from Iowa and it was kind of obvious that he was gonna go to Iowa. Hank we'll see, he can play fast. He played fast at his division three when he won national titles there. He played very slow at Drake. But I think that was more because that's what he had. Here's the Texas Tech, maybe a basketball school stat, Texas Tech. They have gone to four sweet sixteens over the last seven tournaments with three different coaches.


Pretty impressive. That is pretty cool. Yeah. To do it with three different coaches in that short of amount of time. That's culture. You know What, that's basketball. What I, I, I'm willing to hear arguments from Texas Tech students and alumni about basketball school. Yeah. After hearing that stack. 'cause I was not aware, I just knew Chris Beard and now Yeah, Beard Adams. And then now obviously Grant McCastle, who's their coach. Yeah. So that's, that is a strong, compelling argument for Texas Tech basketball school. I just feel like the, the football runs, no, I agree with them, but they deserve a lot of credit because the, going to that four sweet sixteens in seven years with three different coaches is very hard to Do. It's bullshit that they wouldn't let the Drake Bulldog in again. And Jeffrey was there. Shout out. Jeffrey. Did memes, do you have something?


Did you point to memes? Memes got nothing. Memes gimme a taste. Wait for didn't to. I coughed. I went like that. Oh, Okay. Last one. Best one in this region. One we'll probably talk the most about Arkansas St. John's. Now this game, if you are someone who is like, man, I wish we could watch, I wish it was nineties basketball again, this was the game for you outside of the fact that they still took 41 3 pointers between the two teams. They made four of them. It was Bad. 9.7%. This was nineties basketball. It was physical. It was hard fought.


They, they took a lot of three points. Didn't make a lot of three pointers. They was ugly, ugly, ugly. But Arkansas out St. John's, St. John's. And this was, this was what every St. John's fan was, was fearful in the back of their mind where they were like, we know we can't shoot if we get into a game where we're not shooting. And then RJ Lewis, who's the biggest player of the year, got benched. 'cause he was so bad. I don't even understand too, when people were like, how do you have him benched? Like, did you watch the game? Yeah. He was very bad. He, he was so bad. He had a he had a bad night. I, yeah, but if he's your best player, I personally, He was so bad though. But if he, but if you rode, if that's the horse you rode in on, like, but he was making like, he was not only like missing shots, he was like fucking up their offense bad.


I still think you gotta play him. I in a close game. I agree. I think you have to be willing to say he's our best player. One of these has to go in. If we lose because he is out there, that's fine. We'll go down with the ship. What'd he end up shooting? Three for 17. Yeah. He was bad. Don't get me wrong. He was bad. And then Pitino said he played 30 minutes. That's a long time. Yeah. And in Rick Pit's history, 30 minutes is a very long time. A very, very long time. Time. Very long time. That's Like, that's like four, That's like 120. One of the guys off the bench played more minutes than him. Yeah. And Kaari Richmond fouled out. It was, it was a fun game because of the Storylines. I don't know if you guys read any of the stories beforehand. I love the Cal Patino rivalry because they refuse to admit that they hate each other's guts.


Like hate each other's guts. And they refuse to actually say it. Where the petino before the game, I think on Friday. He said we don't, we don't know each other's wives or children. We're not really close friends. I don't know a whole lot about him except he's a terrific basketball coach. I think you know a lot about It. You know everything About him. He was literally, Petino was his camp counselor. When, when? In a basketball camp. When, when Cal was growing up. Yeah. That's when they first met. They've known each other for 50 plus years. Yeah. They've crisscrossed a million different ways. These guys know as much about the other guy as it's possible for a grown man to know about another grown man. There's no question about it. They've been, and they're very similar guys. Yeah, But they're, yeah, they're Italian.


They're basketball coaches. They hate each other. They won't admit they hate each other. They, they're even, I didn't even know this. There's like this lore that when Patino was at Kentucky and Cal was, Patino was at Louisville. So no, Patino was at Oh, oh, oh, sorry. Yeah. He was at Kentucky before that. Cal was going to get the job at UMass Patino went to UMass Patino says that he voted for Cal to get that job. And there's like, Lord, that that did not happen. And Cal will say it like sarcastically be like, thanks so much for my career. He Got me my job. Appreciate you so much, dude. And like, there's this whole, there's it, it's like a very mysterious, there was closed door meetings where he actually was, he was vouching for the other guy going up for the job, not Cal.


And then he took credit for vouching for Cal afterwards. So they, they have essentially the same career. They started out, they coached in the Northeast, they tried to go to the NBA, didn't work out, played, Played each other when they were at the Nets and Celtics. Yeah. Went back, stayed in Kentucky, stayed in Tennessee for the other guy. Then went to Kentucky and now they're, now they're going up against each other one more time at the tournament. They have had very similar careers. They know each other extremely well. And this is Cal, Cal is now three and two in the tournament against Patino. And I think he's won, I ha I wrote it down. He's won 10 outta, or 11 outta last 13 or nine outta the last 11 against Patino.


So he's kind of owning him right now. And this is his fourth team that he's taken to the final four or two. Sweet 16. Yeah. And his first time in the, in the sweet 16 since 2019. So he wasn't able to do it with Kentucky when they were three, six, and two seed. But I just love it. Oh, the other one that I love from Patino, he said when they asked him about the rivalry with Cal, he was like, I only had one rival. It was Jim Calhoun. I like that. Such a neg just being like, I never considered Cal rival. And but it's so clear. They just despise each other. They Both had stuff vacated. Yeah. They Started barking at each Other during the game too. Yeah. Yeah. It was great. Cal should come to Villanova.


Oh, that wa He should, You can't, you can't pay the money that Arkansas is paying him. I Know, but he's got Philly roots kind of That I I mean it Would be Pennsylvania. He Belongs in the Big East. Yeah, he belongs in The Big East. Oh man, that would be so great. That would be awesome. Because They do always just crisscross. Even when, even when Cal took Memphis, he Louisville was in their conference for a couple years. Yeah. So yeah. We, we need it. We, we, we need it. But it was, it was a great game. Arkansas. I is this Cal's best coaching job. Did You see how how quick the handshake happened at the end of the game too? Yeah. The game was still going on. Yeah. Like I, I think that there were like maybe five seconds remaining on the clock and Colin Patino like right in each other's face.


Quick handshake. A handshake that fast. They don't like each other. No. They hate each other. Yeah. But they won't say it. They won't say it. And it's so awesome saying, Jim Calhoun was my only rival is so awesome. They also might love each other. You think they'd, do you think if they ever got in the room together and they, it was just two of them, they'd start kissing. I Think what would happen would be they'd start fighting and then they'd start wrestling and then they'd stop. Be like, what are we doing? We love Each other. We, we love each other. I've wanted to do this for years. I am very interested to see what happens with RJ Luis, because I think he's got another year. And that was an all time, like Patino we're, we're winning my way or no way.


Yeah. You know, so will he stay? I assume he'll stay and will he have a redemption moment? And then Patino style still can work in today's college basketball where it's like, you could be hard on your guys, you could bench your guys, but you'll, you'll get to the mountaintop with your guys. It does feel like a moment that we look back on in a year and we're like, remember that? They show like a clip during the game. Yeah. He's gonna Have a big moment. Here's him on the, on the bench for the second half of that game against Arkansas. And then he has a great game. Yeah. Goes out there and crushes it and it's like complete redemption. It's Like, yeah. Patino got got that out of him. I, I personally would've kept him in the game. But Patino, he might be a better basketball coach than me. He Coaches his way. He is been doing it for a very long time.


But yeah. Is this Cal's best coaching job? Owen Five to start the SEC schedule. He talked a lot about how it's like, he said this as rewarding as years I had, I've had, based on how far we've come. It is impressive. I mean he, he remember the first day he was at Arkansas, he is like, talk to the team, have no team. It's not, it it it was, it was kind of like Cal. 'cause Cal like you said, Cal and Petino are very similar. They, they cal his career has like been the underdog stuff until he went to Kentucky because he, he was at UMass, he was at Memphis, which wasn't like a blue blood.


Kentucky made him soft. Now he's going ba Arkansas's got basketball history, but they're not the, you know, they're not Kentucky now. He's kinda the underdog. 40 minutes himself. Yeah. He's feeling himself. Himself Again. And we do, we think Kentucky was holding Coach Cal back. It was making him soft. It was making him cater too much to getting the star players there. Yeah. Because they cared so much about the recruiting. Now He's gonna go That doubt. I like that, that Coach Cal's now a great coach now that he's free from the pressures. Right. He was, it was too luxurious in Lexington for him. Yeah. Now he's gotta get back to his roots and coach basketball. He's on a roll in Little Rock. Yeah. On the, on the flip side, is this season a disappointment for what the Johnny's No, I do not think so.


Disappointment. I mean, they won the Big East The second year in a full rebuild. They won the Big East. And again, I think the tournament is so chaotic and so hard to win that like you can't, if they were, if they were a Florida, they didn't have the talent of a Florida or a Duke or a a Auburn. They, they had a very good team, but it wasn't like we all thought this could happen where they just don't make their shots. Yeah. It turns out that having, having good shot making ability on our team is important to winning basketball games. It's like they built the entire team out of Ben Simmons. If there was no basket, this would be a great team. Yeah. If this was year, the Best team, if this was year five at Patino and St. John's, they hadn't been to a sweet 16.


I think you could definitely say that. What do you, what do you think? I would like to take a point away from Hank. That was a bad take. You don't get, you don't get to determine that. The take He was actually asking a question Max. It wasn't a take. It was a question. Max. We bad. That's the point. I'm here. Your appeal. You can appeal it. I would, I would appeal. Wait, appeal. What Question point? What's the difference between a point and a question? Hank asked a question. That was a good thought starter. Actually. Now it's two one. Hank, that was a good thought. No it Wasn't. That was that. That's a, that was just so obviously wrong. You could ask a question That's Wrong. That's a question that will be asked on a premier sports show today or tomorrow. Yes. Yeah. You just did it. Yeah. No. On like a, a television. No, no, no. Point Max. Wrong point Max. You just did television program. You just Did it on a premier sports show. Yeah. On a television program as well.


Did Premier Sports show? I thought that was a good thought starter. Thank you Hank. You're welcome. I thought it was a bad thought starter Deduction for Max. It's two Score. I think if you're you the should and you don't make the sweet 16. That's disappointing. We should be keeping scoring between the two of them. Contributions to the show. Every episode. It's two. Nothing right now. Most not No More most dangerous lead part of my take. This Is, this is fun to do for That. You don't want Max, we started actually it's not a competition then you just try to take a point away from me. That's what saying. Yeah. Max, you did get a point for the football, basketball school thing, but then we had to take it away for trying to interrupt Hank's question. That was a good thought starter. I think that was, I think that was a stupid Question. Okay. Two. Nothing. Max, why do you think it's a stupid question?


Don't Max, don't You only care about the Big East? We, we max we know the answer, don't The expectations. Right. Won't the Big East second? You're the Big East isn't even in the Sweet 16, but so how good was the conference At? Don't they have to have higher expectations? St. John's was a dumpster fire before Pitino went there. The coaches that they brought, they were just a revolving door of bad, bad coaches that underperformed and were, and were very disappointing year after year. Patino in his second year won the Big East and with is basically Mid major. They Don't have any lost the sweet 16. So you like, like St. John, like what Patino done from Saint John is Winning the mountain west. An accomplishment in not making the sweet 16. It's the same thing.


He's giving terrible points. Good debate. Good debate, Bruce. Well, no, Because Hank's point is that the Big East doesn't have any teams left. Right? Yeah. So how Good, but it's still winning your conference. Does that, does does that sub It's still getting a two seat. Yeah. But does that subtract from how impressive winning the Big East was? I mean, Yon Law Yukon lost to to Florida by two points today. And everyone's is saying that Florida's the best team in the country. Like u like it's still a competitive Conference. You actually made his point because it's a down year for Yukon. They don't have a good team this year. So that's a a minus point for the Big East. You just lose another point. Yeah. Ucon. What do you mean? UConn was in that, in that game the entire game against the best team in the country. They, they had a a down year for their team. But it's still a good team.


I Mean, yes, it's a down year for the Big East, but you still win the Big East. I started this conversation off by fully agreeing with you Max. And the more we talk about, the more I'm, I'm seeing Hank's point, You are just forcing yourself to see Hank's point. I know you wasn't even the point. It Was a question. You're not, you're not making any points to the contrary. Yeah. I just gave you the whole point about St. John's. St. John's went through horrible coach after horrible coach and then they win the Big East under Tino's. Second year is a plus to the program. Is this gonna end up being in a down, is this gonna end up being like a Menendez thing where we pit them against each other, then they kill both of us? Yes. Yes. I like this. No, no. It was a stupid question. Max is right, like o obviously St.


John's is, is happy with the way the season works. Yes, yes, yes. Hank you get the chance to rebut better or worse question than the Iowa State Code. Question About as bad. Yeah. It's like I wasn't asking the question, Hank. I was asking if it's time to prepare to even have the conversation. Yes. Got it. Yes. Alright, let's take another break and then we'll keep going through the bracket. This is fun boys. We're having fun even though our brains are are basically mush. We'll get back to the games in a second.


They're brought to you by fast growing trees. Did you know fast-growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants that your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in. Fast-growing trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast-growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online. Get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. Their live and Thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. Choose the right plants and learn how to take care of 'em. If you go to trees.com right now, you can get 15% off your first purchase when you use promo code PMT at checkout the springtime, they have the best deals. The best deals for your yard. You can get up to half off on select plants and other deals. And plus you get that bonus 15% off your first purchase when you use code PMT at checkout fast growing trees.com. Promo code PMT now is the perfect time to plant use PMT to save today. Offers valid for limited time terms and conditions apply.


These games are also brought to you by HelloFresh. If you're tired of figuring out what's for dinner night after night, especially on those busy weekdays, get dinner done the easy way. Thanks to HelloFresh. It's easy to find time to eat well with 50 wholesome hassle-free meals to choose from each week delivered to your door. HelloFresh new ready-made meals go from the fridge to your fork in just three minutes. It's the same high quality ingredients and restaurant worthy flavor you expect from HelloFresh just with none of the work. Their lineup of prep and baked meals come together with minimal mess and only five minutes of prep. So your oven does most of the work, not you. Plus they're pretty healthy at this time of year. It's easy to fall behind on diet. I know we've been eating pretty bad for the last few days in the weekdays, you're gonna need a reset. You're gonna need HelloFresh. Get up to 10 free meals and you get a free high protein item for life at hellofresh.com/take 10 fm. That's take one zero fm, one item per box with active subscription free meals applied as discount on the first box. New subscribers only varies by plan. That's up to 10 free HelloFresh meals. Just go to hellofresh.com/take 10 fm.


Okay. East Duke is awesome Wagon. They're so good. And I don't hate John Shire White Mike White Mike. Mm. It was very funny that he tried to get his team to call him white Mike. Well, no, I think that was from the top top. No, I I know. But then he told his team. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was like, yeah. See I I, I could b call me white bike. I just, I hate, I hate the institution at Duke. I don't hate John Shire yet. It will, once he starts winning national titles, which I'm sure he probably will do this year, I will start hating him. Like, I hated Coach K, but Duke also has Dave fucking, I I hate that.


I'm gonna say something nice about Duke. The fact that Duke has their fucking human victory cigar being a five eight guy named Spencer Hubbard is so funny. Wearing 55. That guy out on the court today. He's 27 and oh, when he gets into a game, he was so funny. What a preposterous number. What a preposterous height. Like, just ridiculous. What's his Story? Where Was he from? He's from LA I believe he probably, he probably was the best college basketball player, you know, in his high school. And I think he was a walk-on. Yep. And he's, he's just, I love, I love when teams have human victory cigars and the fact that he's five 80 makes it so much better because it's so clear when he's out there, just how ridiculous it looks.


That's what I love about these guys. What he average is that he might be the best player to ever play sports at his high school. Wait, wait, what'd he average? 13 to four. Okay. So No, no. So he is not, Nevermind. So How was he on Duke? And he Went, so wait, Harvard Westlake. I'm pretty sure that's like that. Is that where Brony went? Westlake is like one of the nicest Yeah, He he probably played on a team with all division one Guys. So wait, but now, now we're connecting some dots. Did LeBron get this guy to Duke? Maybe Did jj, I'm a Spencer Hubbard fan. I fucking hate that. I am, but I am. He's so funny when he gets out there. Ah, I thought Proctor was really good. Jeremy Lynn went there. Obviously Jeremy Lin. Yeah. No, I mean Duke is just so good.


They have so many guys and, and He went seven for eight from three. Con con Kopple was like, he was, he was bad for the first part of the game. And then he had, he had this drive on the baseline where he dunked one home. He's like, oh yeah, that guy's out there and he's really fucking good too. Spencer is the great grandson of Washington Duke, The guy that founded Duke. The father of James b Duke. The person who arranged the movement of Trinity College from rural Randup County to Durham in 1892 and provided financial support thereafter. I love that guy. That's hilarious. Jeremy Lynn did not go there. Okay. Another point taken away from Max.


Max. Can you look up the, the other, the other storyline that we have going on in this tournament is the Montverde team from last Year. Yeah. Crazy. Because Derrick Queen was on it. Cooper Flagg. And then it, one of his teammates who was on Baylor was playing on in this game. What they they must have won every game by a billion, right? I wanna know what their stats were. Yeah, what was their rec, I know they didn't lose a game, but how was this even? Who Was Batman and who was robbing on that team? Like, Could you imagine? I don't even know what they, where is Mont Verde? Mont Verde, New York. Green Mountain. I'm Gonna say New York. Feels like a New York. Where is it? Is it New York or it's like a DMV. I thought it Was like Maryland.


It's Maryland. Is it Maryland? Is it a, is it a real That's where me one, is it A real school or is it a like AI academy or whatever the fuck it's Called? No, I think it's, I think it's real but it's, it's basketball focused. Florida. Florida. So I think it's maybe not a real Is it a real school or is it everyone just moves to Florida to be awesome at basketball. Do they They're they're It's definitely not a public school. No. Yeah, it's a prep school. So imagine being on like playing prep basketball and being like a five eight kid and then you just show up and it's Derrick Queen and Cooper Flag. Yeah. Oh my.


So there are 33 and oh They 180 20 in their first game of the year. Like the, like poor South Lake. That's brutal. Look up the, look up the stats for that game. It Also find us the championship game. 'cause I'm curious, I'm curious to see how bad they won. So the championship game, they won 79, 63. So they didn't, they didn't play it. Did they play any close games? Did they have a single game that was close? What a wagon of a team. Team. It's crazy. Yeah. So Robert Wright, Cooper Flag, Derek Queen, Liam McNeely, who plays at Yukon?


They have everyone. Everyone was good. Okay, so Oak Ridge, Newell, they all are good. Is That Oak Ridge? They only beat 78 to 72. Oh wow. Tough game. Prolific prep. It looks like twice they, they had close games with them. 78, 72 and then 76. 71 Prolific Prep. That does sound like a fake school. That sounds like Bishop. Whatever. Could you imagine being like honestly playing, playing against them. That would suck so Bad. Yeah. Memes has his hand raised. Yes. Memes. The 2020 Mount Fert roster is like one of the greatest rosters of all time. Oh, who To us? That team Max pull up. But it's like Cade Cunningham, Scotty Barnes.


Scotty Barnes, sleek. I'm Still taking Moses Moody. 2016 Chino Hills Mhar. Oh, they had like five NBA players On So it's not a real school. No. They just get everyone to come. Yeah. Cade Cunningham, Moses Moody, Ryan Emhart, Scotty Barnes, future face this league. Damn. Hey, who you got? 2016 Chino Hills. Who's on that team? The balls. Oh point Hank over memes. Point Hank. That would suck so much to have to go play against. Just put it on your head. Memes. What do you even do? What do you, what do you do if you're a, a junior or a sophomore in prep school Florida and you're, let's say five 10, you haven't hit your gross spurt yet and you have to de up Cooper flag.


Yeah, I would fake an injury. Yeah. Titus did say that that would be a diarrhea game for you. Yeah, I would, I would. It wouldn't be fake Diarrhea. A Fake diarrhea. No, but mine wouldn't be fake. Like I would see that on the, on the calendar and then two days before I would drink expired milk. Yeah. Yeah. But this graphic was, this is the Washington Redskins graphic of the tournament. Yeah, I saw it. Every single game. It's everywhere. Yeah, it is everywhere. But Duke is awesome. I don't really know what, what do you guys have any thoughts on Baylor? Baylor Boys, Experian bracket Wright Was electric. He was fun to watch. Edgecomb great physical guy. Edgecomb is gonna be in the NBA. Yeah. Jeremy Roach should've stayed. I don't know why he left. Yeah. So He, he left, probably got pushed out.


He Left because he thought he was getting pushed out and then he wanted to start and then he went to Baylor and then Wright showed up and then he kinda got edged out there. Tough break. I like Roach. Yeah. What are you looking up now? Pacific Prep? I'm looking at like who's good on the, the team that played them close last year. And look, they have this guy, the 7 million guy for BYU. Oh, Okay. Oh, I'm just Looking at that game. Probably made him $7 million. Yeah. Played them tight. I I gotta watch some tape on this team. Probably. So sick. We, I wish we had Bosco here. He probably could have told us every, every game. Watched 'em all.


Alright. Oregon. Arizona. That was a fun game. Kale Love was nuclear. Five for seven from 3 29 points. I so I, I don't know where you stand on this, but like obviously conference realignment sucks, but it was very cool to see an old school rivalry in that kind of setting early in the tournament, which it normally wouldn't have been able to happen. Right. So when, when those two teams play each other, even though they're in different conferences right now, in my mind it j just throw all that out. We, it's a Pac 12 game. We Had a a moment on Sunday night where we had PAC 12 after dark back. Yeah. Bill Walton was watching that game from heaven smiling.


And I think Arizona moves on because they won that PAC 12 game. I think now it's a CC Pac 12. Yeah. Yeah. And it's Duke in Arizona. Yeah, Duke in Arizona. Which is, they played in the national title. Love was on that team. Love was on Duke. Yeah. Or no, on U-N-C-U-N-C. Yeah. Yeah. UNC. No, I'm saying Duke in Arizona played in the national title way back in, back in the day When it was it Was 99. Yeah. Miles Simon. But yeah, this was an awesome game to watch. It was fun. Oregon just, they got, they got outworked on the glass a little bit. Yeah. They fought hard. Couple bounces didn't go their way. Those two missed free throws and then the ball going outbounds took the possession away. That was, that felt like that was the end. Yeah.


Dana Altman very good coach. He's in that, the chart I i I brought up earlier for Tom Izzo. The chart is Tom Izzo, god of March. He's his own tier. And then there's the trust them blindly tier. And it's Cal Hurley, Dana Altman, Rick Pitino and Chris Beard. They all have significant wins over expected average. What'd you think about the ducks, unis, the fighting ducks? I Liked them. I Liked them. You liked the fighting ducks? They Popped. They popped. It was something a little bit different. Yeah. I'm happy we had a competitive game to finish off the weekend because it, it did feel like we were missing something. And I, I wish we had had I, here's the take I think that you should get to follow up three once.


So I was thinking about this 'cause I don't like, I don't like it as a viewer. No, it sucks. The strategy is actually great. It's of course it's a very good strategy and you should do it as a coach. But as a viewer, when you get the ball and you're down three, like everyone has that anticipation of they can make a shot and tie the game. We take it away. It kind of sucks. I just don't know how they'd be able to change that rule without also changing the rule of if you're losing fouling intentionally. Right. You know, like, do you, how many of those do you get? Because it's the same, it's the same strategy. It's just, it's no fun when the rabbit's got the gun. What, What about if you, you can foul up three once the second time they get three, three shots. But you probably wouldn't wanna do it. I think they should just be more, more lenient with Is it a shooting motion?


Yeah. I just, it just, it does Rob, it is smart strategy but it robs us of, of big time moments where you just like to see it be played out. Yeah. So I, I don't know, like one time would be fun where you then it's strategy of when do we use it. You know, you get it one time. An intentional foul when you're up, when You're up three. Exactly. Up three In the last, You get one chance In the last minute of the game. Yeah. Yeah. I'm done with that. I also in, because just dumb ideas as your brain slowly melts into basketball, it'd be kind of fun to do one game where you shoot till you miss on free throw line. You just wouldn't foul. Yeah. Right.


But imagine I also like the team went on like a 20 Oh run. 'cause a guy just got hot on the free throw blast. I, I loved what Arizona did at the end when they would put what's his name? Delo. So in Yeah, the skinny kid. It's like, here's our foul shooter. And then every single time they just schemed him open. That was his only purpose really? Yeah. At the end they schemed him open off the inbounds play and, and Oregon had no choice but to foul the one guy they didn't want to foul. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. BYU Wisconsin. This game sucked for me. Well lemme say this. BYU was awesome. They hit every three. They're really good. Saunders. I hate that guy, but he's so fucking good at basketball. I also, I had, I was going into this game, I was like, this is a, I thought it was a 50 50 game just because I know how good BYU is.


And it was like whichever team makes their threes. And then when BYU came out in the Duke uniforms, that didn't help. And also was like a home, home crowd for D or BYU altitude altitude. It sucked. It sucked. I, and I'll say this, Wisconsin fought their balls off in past years. They have just gotten punched in the mouth and died and they actually, I mean, something Got hit in the balls and came back to life. Yeah. I wish Tanja had shot a a three there at the end. I wish they'd drawn something up. They kind of just like, Hey, you're, I mean, he was incredible. But I wish that we had had one prayer of a three and it sucked. And then I did the fake Bitcoin tweet saying my phone got hacked and then Twitter locked me out for 16 hours.


So that was kind of funny. It Was a boy who cried Wolf. It Was, I Mean, because you've done the fake hack tweet probably 20 times. Yeah. And every time Big Cat does this fucking tweet, he doesn't think about the people around him that, that get the, they get the collateral damage. We have people hitting all of us up being like, Hey, just so you guys know, big Cat's account got hacked. But it's a very funny tweet and it's a, it's a good strategy this time it caught up to you so you can get back in until when I, I got in back in halftime of Florida Yukon today. So I, I did it. We were live streaming. I was like, oh man, I got hacked again. And then we finished the stream and I'm going home and I get home and I pull up Twitter and it just says, it it like, I, it's just the blank icon.


It's like, yeah, do you want to create a Twitter account? Yeah. And I was like, what the fuck X and then X the everything app. And, and I texted our, our social guys. Like, I think I'm out, I think I got booted. I think X deleted my Bitcoin tweet. That's good. So, and then I had to send them, I had to fill out a report and my report was, was my exact phrasing. It was just very funny that it actually ended up being okay. 'cause I just went to sleep instead of just mindlessly scrolling Twitter and getting more and more upset about Wisconsin losing, I had to write. So it was the help center description of the problem. I said I did a fake tweet about being hacked as a bit because the Badgers lost in the tournament and I was sad.


Yeah. The the best is when you, when you do those tweets, sometimes I get texts from people, mutual friends of ours. Yeah. Like people that know Big Cat and know me, but I get a text saying, Hey, just so you know, can you tell Big Cat his account got hacked? And I'm like, you could just text like, yeah, his phone didn't get hacked. Well it might, maybe You can text that to me. I all our social guys always text me like they've finally figured it out. But for the longest time they'd be like, Hey, I think you just got hacked. Yeah. And I'll get a bunch of messages too, being like, dude, you got hacked. Yeah. I think, I think I, I'm not retiring it, but now I guess I have to alert X beforehand being like, Hey, I got a important game. And if things go wrong, there's a big, like they always do, I will be doing this tweet so that I don't have to be online for a little bit.


I wonder if somebody actually you need come back to PS fives and not the Bitcoin. Yeah. You think Bitcoin was what tipped me? Yeah. Maybe. And also I think there's, I was trying to change it up. There's probably a good chance that someone started a shit coin. Yeah. Based off that tweet. Like someone who was really in on the bit, I don't know what you would call that. Well, I made up if it was, If it was a bit and they wanted to start a coin after it, I I made a, I made up the whole number. Yeah. I just typed in random things. So, but yeah, the game sucked. Here's the thing. I like it. The worst part about the tournament, and this is now more so because of the transporter of NILI loved watching this Badger team. They were so much fun. I, I watched every game.


I loved watching them play. I loved Tanja. Stephen Crow's been at Wisconsin forever, max Cle like all these guys. And that's the part, it's, it's a, it's weirder than pro sports. Where pro sports, you're like, damn, my team lost. This fucking sucks. But next year we'll be, we'll be back. And we got the same team and college sports, it's, it's, it's like a more sentimental of, I really just wanted to see Tanja play another game for the Badgers. And I don't get to do that. Yeah. So it's, it's a different type of sadness that's not, I don't know, I'm not expressing it well. I was bummed, but BYU played better so I can't really say anything. No. Get it that it's like a small era of your life is over.


Right. Offense's like I'll never get See John Tanja play for the Badgers Again. We live our lives in, in specific eras. If you're a fan of a pro team, those eras the window is large. Right. If you're a college team, it's like you have to, you have to do something with these guys And, and it just gets ripped from you so suddenly that it just sucks. And it just, I I just wanted to, I wanted to watch 'em play another game. I wanted to see. I think they were, they, they had a very good year. I think they were a dangerous team. They got a shitty draw in having to play six games in 10 days in altitude. But that's just how it works sometimes. What do you think about the objection for the nut shot? Because the nut shot it. I think that's against the Mormon code of conduct. I think it's actually very, very against it.


I Said when watching the game, I I don't, I think the ref should ref BYU based on Mormon laws. If they swear they should be ejected. If you touch another man's penis as a Mormon, you are kicked outta the church. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I I I it's, he did like drive his elbow into his nuts. I don't know. I they, they called that a flagrant all the time in, in college basketball. Like if you hit someone in the head or you hit someone under below the waist, you get kicked out. It Sucks. It was Bodo lie though. Yeah. But yeah, the game sucked and you really, you really can't do the two for one thing that they fucked up at the end of the first half that was so bonehead.


And I also like, when it really comes down to it this entire season, you can't lose to Penn State in the last game of the season at home. Because if you don't lose to Penn State, you probably get the three in Milwaukee and you don't have to play a really good BYU team that probably should have been higher than a succeed so screwed ourselves. But yeah, I'm bummed. It sucks. I'm not a math guy, but I, I get frustrated when I watch games when coaches screw up the two for one. Yeah. At the end of the game it happens a lot. Well, What happened in this game, especially in the first half, was BYU plays at a breakneck pace And we tried to match that pace and you just can't play as fast as, there's very few teams that can play as fast as BYU plays.


So if you try to do that with them, you're gonna just have these boneheaded moments where you have 12 seconds left in the, in the first half, you take a two and then they come down and hit, hit a three. So Also I memes, I think I've become a BYU leaver. No really Good because they're so fun to watch. They don't miss. Oh, I'm Rooting for 'em against Bama for obvious reasons. It's Gonna be a great game because both those teams love to run. So I, I'm pumped to watch that one. But yeah, memes was right point memes, BYU lever memes. Did you get all the tweets off that you wanted to get off? Yeah, I got 'em all off. Okay. I was rooting for you though. Oh, thanks. I appreciate that. I don't You believe it. No you weren't. 0% chance I root for all your teams to make to the championship and lose.


Okay. That's fair. I believe that. Did you bet on BYU? Yeah. I took a money line so you Weren't Rooting for me. So that's a lie. I didn't expect you to root for Me. No, I was rooting for you. No you Weren't. No you weren't. You don't get credit. You, you said you were A-B-B-Y-U leaver. You get credit for being right about that. You bet on BYU you get credit for Right. Being right about that. You don't also get credit for saying I was rooting for you too. No, no, but I like you and I like you too. I see you can't have all of them. You were right about the game. You don't also be like, yeah, I was rooting for you. Man. Sucked. It was a f it was a fun comeback though. It was an awesome comeback. I just fucking wish they had they had completed it.


Yeah. BYU what is, whose line is it anyway, let me look at that real quick. I think we said it was what, three and a half? No, no, the total. Oh, total 180 5. No, that would be way too high. 1 74. 1 74. I thought meme just held up a, a five. That was a seven. One seven. Oh that was a seven. Got it. Yeah. Yeah. 1 74. I mean, they're gonna Simulating a gun. Yeah, I'd probably take that over 74 And a half. But then BYU sometimes they don't make their threes. They were making all their threes. They're, they're good though. I saunders I hate that guy. I really do because he's so good. And his face pisses me off. But he's really good. He's smooth. All right. Last one was the worst game of the weekend.


I would say Bama St. Mary's Gross. Yeah, it was gross. It was gross. Just neither team could make a shot. Ugly turnovers. It was bad. St. Mary's just, They couldn't make a layup. They're not good. I mean, they're good in their conference and they beat Gonzaga in conference play and then they get into the tournament and you have to play so perfect when you play that slow. And they're just, they couldn't, did they hit a, a single three? I think they hit one At the end. I I think they hit two. They hit two At the end. They hit two. I know they, they broke the seal at the end. But they've been on, they've had these games before where they just don't make three pointers and they, if you're not gonna make threes, you at least have to make all your layups when you get to the hoop.


And they were not making layups. Yeah. And I'm, I wasn't impressed with Bama this weekend. No. Robert Morris gave him a fight. And St. Mary's, if they could just hit a shot, would've been in that game like that. We were watching that game saying the entire time Bama should be up by like 25. 'cause St. Mary's was playing so bad and they didn't pull away. I mean, they were up 10 for the majority of the game, but they should have just stomped them. That was, that was one of my takes. That was the worst college basketball game I think I've ever seen. It was pain. It was So bad, like boring and bad to watch. It was just St. Mary's miss shot and then a 50 50 chance Bimo would hit a shot or turn the ball over and that was it.


So the ball game. Yeah. Alabama is one in three this year when they score fewer than 80 points. And St. Mary's had enough looks where they should have, they should have scored some points against him. It was not a good defensive performance from Alabama. And they just, it was so frustrating. They were getting wide open looks, they were getting wide open layups just couldn't make a single one of them. Max, are you worried at all about Bama going to the final four? Yeah. I mean, it's only two games away, but I think it's, it's not an easy path. Yeah. 'cause Max would've to road trip down to San Antonio. Yeah. And I would've to go to the pump Park. St. Mary's is the worst team ever, worst team I've ever watched. And they went over, they, they went over 16 from three, two games ago. Like Duke is, How Was this, How Was this team A fucking seven seat?


They sucked. Duke is what? So Like, infinitely better. The only chance Bama has is Caleb love. You know Caleb love no black Magic. Oh, a Arizona beats him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't even have, you're not even giving Bama a chance against Duke. No. God no. If someone else has to do it Yeah. Before that. Yeah. Yeah. That would be a problem if Duke got pounced just for the Bama problem. But yeah, I'm I there, I don't understand how Mark Sears was so good last year and I, I just feel like he's lost his touch. Like around the rim shooting threes. Yeah. They, I another take, they try too many AlleyOOP every single time down the, down the quarter.


They just try an AlleyOOP. Yeah. Like there's got I I get it. It's a, it's, if you run it well, it's a, it's an efficient play. Yeah. But just, just play some basketball. Stop trying to do an AlleyOOP of every single possession. They do score a lot of points. Yeah, they do. Yeah. They Turn the ball over. That's a good counterpoint. Take another point away from Max. All right. Too many. I'm only getting points taken away. It was the counterpoint. I mean, yes. Max running too many alley loops. I guess that's a fair take. But is the alternative missing layups? True AlleyOOP is a pretty high percentage shot. Yeah. But they don't always convert on the AlleyOOP. That's true. Sometimes they turn the ball over trying to do, trying to AlleyOOP It. Yeah.


Okay. What do You think the record for most AlleyOOP in the game is? Florida Golf. Dunk City. Yeah. Dunk City. We should be able to bet on that. That should be a line. Has to Be dunk city. Okay, well one last break and then we'll do the Midwest and then we'll do big picture stuff. And who's back.


These games are being brought to you by Tax Act. Can you believe that we're getting to the end of March and your taxes are due on April 15th. Hank, do you have any tips? It's get ahead, stay ahead. They got it all Expert Assist. It's not the time to mess around. Go to tax act.com right? Yeah. They have real tax experts who can help a hundred percent credentialed. A hundred percent US based. So they know the ins and outs of the tax laws. You can get the answers that you need starting at $20. If you need a little help or a lot, they can answer all types of tax related questions. It's crunch time and you want to get it right. Tax Act makes it easy so you can get them over with and be done for the season.


These games are also brought to you by our great friends at 47. I'm wearing a 47 hat right now. Big cat's got one on right? Always. Hank, you've got your 47 on. Sure do. 47 is the best. They make the best hats. They've got perfect fit. They've got tremendous high quality go to. They've, they're the go-to destination for premium licensed headwear and apparel. And more than just game day headwear. I know when I'm looking at team specific merch that I can buy, if I see the 47 on it, I know it's gonna be good. 47 is new drops launching constantly for your favorite leagues and teams known for their headwear. But check out their apparel too. The foundation line is awesome. You guys are gonna love it. Options are available for your favorite league and favorite team with a variety of silhouettes to find your fit. I like this hat that I'm rocketing right now. All the just cover merch, I think all the PMT hats that we're putting out. All 47, right? Yep. Exclusively because they're great. Shop 47 brand.com and use code PMT get 20% off your purchase. I'm telling you, they've got some great stuff on there. It's not just hats. Go to 47 brand.com. Use promo code. PMT get 20% off your purchase.


Okay. Midwest Houston, Gonzaga, Gonzaga's, nine straight Sweet Sixteens stops at nine. LJ Crier was awesome. Houston, I mean, they Gonzaga kind of Houston tried to give it away at the End. Yeah, they Gonzaga kept it. They they fought all the way to the end, but Houston was just better. And Kelvin Sampson was like, he was sucking Mark Few off after he was talking about how incredibly he was. There's no one else that he has that respect for. He's in love with Gonzaga because he was correcting reporters pronunciation. I know Gonzaga earlier in the week he had, yeah, he was like very, he was a Gonzaga defender. Yeah. I gotta be honest, with this game, I was focused on the Tennessee game. Okay.


I didn't, I I, I kept one eye on the score at the end of it and I saw Gonzaga just fighting their way back into it. And a game that Houston probably should have won by 10 to 15 points. But I, I'm not worried about Houston. I'm gonna say this about Houston. I want Houston fans to chime in. I feel like Houston, they're, they're the regular Houston. They could shoot better than, you know, Houston a few years ago and they could tell me if I'm way off, but Houston elbow three is always, is always money. That's where they hit all their threes. I don't know why what it is, but I just feel like every time I watch a Houston game, it's, it's right there. They don't hit like a ton of corner threes.


They don't hit a bunch at the top of the arc that that spot. They just, if if one of their guys catches a ball in rhythm there, it's always going in and you're like, holy shit. Houston can shoot. Oh, this is an interesting stat. Alabama is one of four programs to make it to the Sweet 16. And for the last five seasons, Houston Gonzaga was on that list no longer. Can you name the other one? Four outta the last five. Four outta the last five. Are they Hold on, hold on. Hold on. Oregon was on that list or no, Oregon? No. Well I'm, I'm talking about right. As of right now. As of right now they've been four of the last five. 'cause Oregon definitely Baylor.


No. Nope. Baylor lost. Is it a Power five school? It is. We just talked about it. Texas. It's not Texas Tech. It's Not Texas Tech. It's not BYU. Auburn. Florida. It's not Auburn. Arizona. Arizona, no. Mm. BYU No. Bama. No. Just Michigan State. We Well Bama is one. We already said that though. Ole Miss St. Mary's. No. St. Mary's. Mary's Never goes No. Arkansas. Yes. Oh Yeah. Mus, That's a must stat. Oh, has a must stat. I was Right there. That was a good podcast. We were just reading down the bracket. We're just reading the bracket.


We're going to get it. Yeah. Houston's very good. Yeah. I'm not is the top heavy. This is why I'm very excited for these Sweet 16 and Lead eight and Final Four because all these one seeds are so fucking good. Yeah. And I, I'm not worried about Houston. The fact that they let Gonzaga back into, it's, it's tough to close out in March. Yeah. And Gonzaga was a very good team too. Yeah. What they did to Georgia was Georgia Unspeakable. Yeah. Ge. Yeah. Literally unspeakable. Yeah. We should, we should not speak of Georgia. Okay. Purdue versus McNeese. This was the classic early Saturday game. Upstart, plucky, underdog. And you're like, oh yeah. That's why Purdue's Purdue and McNeese Is McNeese.


Yeah. The manager from McNeese, people were having a conversation about him. People got sick of why Did they show him? People got sick of him. And I don't blame him. I blame, I blame just society and the internet. Yes. And NIL 'cause you have to blame NIL. But it's, this is a story that I think would've been a blip that people would've loved if it was 10, 15, 20 years ago. Yes. The fact that it's happening right now. We hate everything. You give us one week of finding out things and reading news stories about one guy, we're going to start to hate that one guy. I Also have a theory about it. WA side note. I didn't love that. He wasn't the one who went and got the jersey fix.


That also was a problem. It's like that, that is your day job. He got a little, little, Hollywood wasn't going to get, there was a, there was a jersey ripped early in the game for McNees. I dunno if you heard, I don't get jerseys no more. I, Okay. I don't clean those jerseys no more. Amir Khan Aura going to NC State with Will Wade, which is kind of funny. I do like that. I like that. I think he's Transfer portal. I think he's like been, he's like an assistant to the coach now. So it's not just student manager. Well he's Getting six Figures in NIL. Yeah. He's getting crazy. So that's part of why people are, are hate on it, which is fair. They hate on anyone who gets money. It was the worst tournament for him to have this storyline because we didn't have a goalie. We didn't have a crazy upset.


Yeah. Everyone complained about no upsets in the first two days. And then on Saturday morning we woke up and the only storyline was a student manager. I think that's why people got very Upset. It was, it was Sister Jean in a tournament with no other reasons. Correct. To pay attention other stuff. Yeah. Sister Jean was attached to a team that, and there was chaos everywhere. And you know, Loyola hit a buzzer beater against Miami. All this stuff. McNees just beat the fuck outta Clemson and then got the fuck beaten out of him by Purdue. Now if they had gone to the final four, I think it would've swung back. Swung back And we would've been like, this guy is the Shit. Yeah. Because there would've been enough time where people were like, dude, why are we hitting on this kid? Yeah. But yeah, he had, he had the worst, worst possible tournament setting to have because really he got more time on camera than any other moment.


Yeah. Do you think, do You think, and I think people were just frustrated about the tournament. They're like, fuck this Kid. Was he having conversations with NC State during this run? Probably. Probably good for McNeese Purdue, by the way. Matt Painter, has he gone back to underrated Now that he doesn't have a just behemoth in the middle? No, I'm just saying like he, so obviously the Sweet 16 loss and then he lost, what was it to North Texas or something. A few years ago there was that stat where he lost like a 12 seat, a 13 Seat 14 all the way up to 16. Matt Painter has been to the Sweet 16 six outta last eight tournaments. He's been to a Final Four. He is been to the national championship.


He had a team that a lot of you know, parts that he had to fit together this year still were very, very good. They're in the Sweet 16 again. He's won five big 10 titles. I think Matt Painter's now underrated. That was my say. Something nice about Purdue Minute. I think he's an underrated coach because year in a year out, he just consistently has Purdue. Very Good. So counterpoint. They beat High Point. Yeah. And then doesn't matter, they beat McNees. Doesn't matter. You play who you play in the tournament. Sometimes the tournament breaks your ways. Sometimes they make you play six outta 10 games in altitude against BYU. I'm going to wait and see what they do against Houston and then I'll make my judgment. They're lose season. He's either gonna be overrated or underrated.


I'm a big believer in enjoying the success along the trip. 'cause there's only gonna be one winner anyway. And getting to a Sweet 16, getting to that second weekend is a success. Like that's a, that's a mark, a check mark in my mind when it comes to coaching and tournaments. I think Matt Painter, like the, the consistent coach, the consistently great coaches get to the Sweet 16 like every other year or six out of eight years. So I think he's underrated and he hasn't won the big one. I get it. But it's hard to do. There's a lot of really good coaches that didn't win the big one. So Yeah. Might say something nice about Purdue. They, they, they will lose to Houston. I think they will, they will Lose to Houston.


But I the, they got a good matchup too, because Clem Clemson almost beat McNeese. I know it was close at the very, very end. But they also started the game like, oh, for 40, They scored 13 points in the first half. Yes. Bad, bad star from Clemson. Yeah. I'm, I'm not willing to say he's overrated or underrated just yet. I think he's exactly properly rated. Properly rated until if he loses to Houston, then overrated, Then overrated. Yeah. Okay. Kentucky, Illinois. This was just Illinois season in a nutshell. They shot 28% from three. That's it. That's it. That's It. You basically, Illinois should like, they should just, their season essentially is like, tell me what they're gonna shoot from three.


Okay. Winner loss. Yeah. And that's it. And and somehow like Kentucky is now like a, a feel good story. Mark Pope. Yeah. Had people shit on the hire. It was not their first candidate. Mark Pope has 'em in the sweet 16. Something Cal hadn't done since 2019. I know. It's funny that Cal's also in the sweet 16. But yeah, they're good. Kobe Braa is awesome. Amari Williams gets every rebound. He's a stud. And now they get to go round three against Tennessee. Unfortunately our college basketball expert, mark Titus said that, did he say Tennessee beat them twice? He did say that Tennessee beat Kentucky twice and Kentucky beat Tennessee twice.


Yeah. So now hard to beat a team three times. Hard To beat a team three times. And I know that a lot of, a lot of Tennessee fans were looking at the bracket before this whole thing started and they are not, they're not excited about the prospect of playing against Kentucky. No, not at all. No. But Kentucky's fun. You're right. Mark Pope Kentucky's somehow an underdog. Yeah. Somehow an Underdog in the conscience of America And Arkansas with Kalari also somehow an underdog. Yeah, An underdogs everywhere. And BYU where Pope came from. Also. Also an underdog. An Underdog. A lot of underdogs. A lot of, a lot of guys that you can root for at these traditional underdogs. Speaking underdogs. All the dogs got bounced from the tournament. Yeah. No more dogs.


Yeah. Max is probably pumped about that. Lost Em all. Drake out. Gonzaga. I have a dog out every Mississippi state. Out Georgia. Out Tennessee. Second year. Yukon out. Oh, Tennessee. They have a dog. Yeah, They're vols though, But yeah. Yeah. Smokey. Yeah. Secondary. Smokey is an elite dog too. There's a lot of dogs in this tournament and they're all out. Pretty sad. Bama kind of a dog. How? In what way? Elephants are like friendly and elephants or dogs dog. Like Mine is a point for Hank. Yeah. Hank, that was Bad. You're also not allowed to say I don't like dogs anymore. That's true. You have a dog. Hank. Hank doesn't like dogs. Don't like dogs. Ah. Alright. Last game.


UCLA Tennessee just an ass kicking. Lanier and Ziegler are so good together. Lanier's been shooting lights out from the outside. I do love watching Ziegler play. Oh he is so good. And I hope he's a guy that I would like to also see stick around at Tennessee for like five more years. Yeah. Yeah. Great college player. He's the, he's my rule of you. Yeah. One guy, he would be perfect. Him. Marquis Noel at Kansas State. Yeah. I wanna see these guys that, that are just like undersized elite ball handlers. Great passers. They should be able to play for the school for First. Stephen Ashworth at Creighton. Yeah. John Tanja at Wisconsin. That would be nice. The, the big story though was Mick Cronin having a crash out after the game. Did you guys see this? I did not see after the game.


No. Okay. So in the, in the press conference. So Mick Cron has been very vocal this year about time zones travel. He's not been happy. So because you know UCLA having to go, they had a bad record in Eastern Standard time. He just was upset about all of it. And a reporter asked this. So this is the reporter, I'll read the transcript. The reporter says, I know it's probably way too early to start thinking about Mick Cronin says, then don't ask. And then the reporter says, at what point do you start looking forward rather than backwards? Mick Cronin says right now, guys, it's 12:40 AM and our season just ended. That's it. You're gonna ask me about next year.


Right now my biggest concern is how bad the seats are on the Allegiant flight. On that terrible plane that we're gonna fly home tomorrow on. Wow. Then the reporter said the school bus and he said the plain version of the cheese and the reporter said, hang in there and Mick Cronin said, and is there any chance that Doug got me some hot food? Because I don't eat on game day that I got something edible. Not next year. Not right now guys. Okay. So that, that last piece was actually very important. He's just hangry. Yeah. He's just as grumpy 'cause he hasn't had any, that's like Hank waking up on grit week and doesn't get into a good breakfast. That's how Mick Corona was coaching that game. I just love a reporter saying, you know, at what point do you look forward to next year and not reminisce about this season is like, I'm just fucking pissed off about this plane.


Yeah. And I need some food. It's the same Thing with Dana Hill though. Like That's how you should be after. Yes. Agreed. Agree. When your season ends, like I like it. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I don't want him lash up. I don't want him to be like, these were just such, such a special group and you know, maybe next week we'll start looking towards the future. But right now I'm just trying to save. No, he's gotta get on a fucking Allegion air flight. He's pissed Off. Is he really flying Allegion? It must be. That's tough. Times are tough. Yeah. Okay. Any other notes? Oh, Kentucky, Tennessee. Seven 40 on Friday. Love it. That game is gonna be awesome. That game's gonna be awesome. I'm very excited about that. That I feel like that's the highest rated game of the weekend. Yeah. Alright. I had a couple other just random notes from the entire tournament.


Did you guys see Liberty's head coach's hair? Yes I did. That was awesome. It was That guy thought he was fooling everyone. That guy probably was a little pissed that he made it to the tournament. Yeah, well no I because he was Like, Shit, no, I think he went out and he got that for the tournament. You think He got it For the tournament? It's like, this is my national television here. Richie McKay, he just has spray painted the Yeah, the male pattern bald this away. I think it looks great. Yeah. But he, that he was, he was, you know, flying under the radar and then he gets, he gets into the tournament, everyone's like, what is this hair dude? What are you trying to do? There's That old commercial from the eighties where it was for the hairspray and it would be like, look, this spray covers up all the baldness and then guys would spray their hair would magically grow.


Yeah. That's what it looks like in real life. The, so we talked about TJ Burger, we talked about Matt Painter, we talked about Izzo. The guy who we should be talking about is Shaka Smart. So he got bounced on Friday in his last nine NCAA tournament trips. Shaka Smart has been eliminated by a team, at least three seed lines worse seven times and at least five seeds worse, five times bad. But the, he basically had the VCU run. He had five in one VCU and then he just lost everything since. But he also has a 26 page binder of their culture.


True. Which we gotta get our hands on. Also. Shaka smart. He had everybody thinking that he was bald like the Liberty coach when he shaved his head True. Which was stolen valor. And then he decides he's gonna grow his hair out. He's able to have a full head of hair. That's bad vibes. Same with Buzz Williams, our guy. Yeah. Although I great bald guy. I, I think Buzz did that just because of efficiency. Sure. He's like, that's one less thing that every time I wash my hair I could be watching tape. Yeah. But yeah, shock is smart. That was not good. It was kind of stowed away because it was a Friday night loss. But yeah, he's not, the tournament has not been kind to Shaka smart. Still a good coach but not a good tournament coach right now. But he had the VCU run and then we had the stats to back up that this has not been the best tournament.


Just four games in the men's round of 64 this year finished within five points or went to OT the lowest amount in 17 years. This also was the first time in 17 years that no 1, 2, 3, or four was upset in the opening round. Hmm. So there's stats to back it up. But shout out to Robert Morris and Bryant for trying. Those were the two closest. Bryant ended up losing by like 30. I'd Forgotten about Bryan because it was such a blowout by the end. Yeah. And Robert Morris, they, they, there was that one, I think they were up one with the ball and they took a three and if they had hit that three, we coulda had magic. It was that one that was the closest we felt to March Madness And we just couldn't fully capture it.


But


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code, take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com.


I'll, I'll throw it out to everyone. Who do we got winning all now that we're at the Sweet 16 re bracket, Duke, There's gotta be so many perfect brackets. You guys might have to cut up Your, there are none today. I'm In the sell blue pool. I'm in 730th OUTTA 750 in the sell blue bracket. Nice. But no perfect brackets. Okay. Yep. That's good. I think there are two maybe on the ESPN There was going into today or yesterday. But St. John's the one I saw St. John's blew that. Shout out to guy who I saw at the Draftking sports book in the bathroom. Who was like Big Cat. How many perfect brackets do you think are left? This was on Thursday, like maybe at 9:00 PM and I was like, I don't know dude.


He's like 10 million. And I was like, okay. He's like, what if I told you I had one of 'em? He's like, I'm not impressed. That's pretty cool. One of 10 million. Yeah. That's not impressive. It's Thursday and there's been no Upsets to me when I look at 'em. Every bracket's perfect. I don't know. I think it's just gonna be Duke. Duke. I think Duke's gonna win it all. Duke, Michigan State. Duke. That would be a fun matchup. Yeah. If it's Duke, Michigan State, they should let coach, gay coach that Just Yeah. Throwback. Yeah. The old guys, he'll Be there, right?


Oh, For sure. Max, you k you got who you got winning at all? I, I picked Tennessee before so I'll stick with Tennessee. Okay. I think it's Gonna be good. I respect that. I feel like that's the team that like you don't, you don't has the best shot that no one's talking About. I'd agree with that. That's why, that's why I picked them. Well, they'd have to get through Kentucky. Possibly Houston and then possibly Duke. Yeah. No, it's tough, tough draw. But gotta Be a good team tournament. Gotta be good teams. Gotta be, gotta be good teams to win the tournament. That's a fact. Alright, any other thoughts from the tournament? We will do. Who's back? If not, it's been fun. I I am. I I I just don't wanna wake up tomorrow morning.


It's gonna suck not having basketball. It's been a great four days. It's Been tomorrow morning. It's been a very fun four days. Very fun. Four days. I know it's not been the best tournament, but I still love it. 'cause someday you're gonna be dead and there'll be no tournament. Think about that. Damn. How much will that suck? Pretty bad. Alright. Who's back of the week?


Truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light party's hard with 8% a BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com. Truly unruly. A hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. I love the Strawberry Smash with 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. Official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Thank you to truly unruly. We're gonna get unruly this summer. It's about to get warm. Truly unruly.


Oh yeah. That was crazy that it snowed on Thursday. Yeah, but it did. I I didn't. If there's one day where it could snow and it wouldn't bother me is the first day of the ncaa I preferred it actually. Yeah. Yeah. Get all the shit out. You don't feel bad staying inside when it's snowing. No. Yeah. Okay. Hank who's back the week, I have a few. One of them is, is literally right up pf t's alley. So I'll, I'll save it for him and if he doesn't say it, we can come back to him. I appreciate that, Hank. I think I know what it is. So my other one is Wyatt Hendrickson, Oklahoma State wrestler. Yes. This was probably the most madness I felt until Sunday night. This was Saturday night NCAA wrestling. He was down a point to, what's his name?


Gable Stevenson. Yeah. That's the real, who's back is Gable Stevenson. Olympian. WWE wrestler. Never lost in college. Tried Out for the NFL somehow left college, signed with wwe E won the Olympics. Came back. Yeah. If you have two jobs after you leave college, I don't know how you go back one. Okay. I'll look past that. But he, he tried out for the NFL and he was in, he signed with WWE E and then he, I saw it on TV and I was like, are they replaying two years ago as wrestling tournament. So he was winning with, with, what was it? A minute and a half left. And w Hendrickson put him on his back. Got two points. Don't know how wrestling works.


Wrestling scoring works. But one of the coolest scenes to watch live. We were watching it live in the cave and it was just an electric moment. All time. Upset again, I don't wrestling, people will tell you. It's like the biggest upset of all time. KB said that it was one of the most shocking wrestling moments. KB also, I also Cannot wait to see kb KB went to this talk about this. 'cause this is, And he left early. He, he goes to the NCAA wrestling national championships. Gabe Stevenson is wrestling. It's an iconic moment. Maybe the best collegiate wrestler of all time. And then he leaves and in his Uber ride home, he finds out that he got upset at the last second.


That's as bad. Brutal as It gets brutal. Yeah. You, he said KB is a bad sports town. It was bad. I texted him being like, how crazy is this? And he's like, I'm in an Uber, I wanna kill myself. Oh yeah. Not good. Brutal. Not good. But I wanna talk to him about it too. Yeah. Yeah. So, wow. This happened. It was crazy. It was very cool. Alright, what other one? Who's back? My other one is love. We kind of talked about at the top of the show. I dunno if you're gonna use that one, Tiger. Yeah. We can't talk about it. He, he asked us to respect his privacy and his Twitter post. Yeah. And Instagram. And Instagram. Yeah. You gotta go multi-platform. Sorry. So I'll just read his capture. You Have to tell as many people as Possible.


Keep respect, respect his post. Keep this quiet on out. Yeah. Love is in the air and life is better with you by my side. This is a picture of him and Dawn Junior's ex-wife. Yes. Who still has the last name Trump for some reason. Yeah. What's up with that? Couldn't tell you paperwork not Signed. Have kids. That might've been like a, a name for life type deal. All if you, if you have kids, I believe she does have kids. Like If you're, if you're a woman and you're getting divorced, I think it might be, that's The first thing that's gotta go is the last name. Yeah. But this is Maybe throw a hyphen in there. This No, I don't even think you'd throw a hyphen. I think you should gotta ditch it. I agree. But like, if you're gonna, if you're, if you're gonna say it's for the kids, be like, I'm, you know, Smith Trump.


Yeah. Woods Trump would be a powerful name though. Yeah. Yeah. Now if, Anyway, I'll finish it. Sorry. We look forward to our journey through life together At this time we would appreciate privacy for all those close to our hearts. So we're not gonna talk about it. So Publicly posted. So Tiger Woods is dating someone related to the Trumps? No, but we're Not. Well, I mean related in the fact that she, she birthed Trumps. Oh, true. Yeah. But we're not gonna talk about it. We're not, because you asked us not to. Tiger Woods and Trump. Yes. Don't talk about it. But they're, we don't know that they're dating. It just said that they're in love. Oh. They could be not dating. They maybe they just met. Love in. We're in love. Love is in the air. In the air.


Now this could be good for Tiger because if she's got Trump grandchildren, anytime Tiger is with those kids, he gets somebody to drive 'em around. Right. True. Like a professional driver. So Tiger doesn't have to worry about Yeah. Running afoul of the law. Yeah, That's a good point. Very good point. How do you think Charlie feels about this? That the real question, Charlie, if you wanna talk, your uncles are here. Not in a creepy way, but we're here for you, bro. Wonder, just rap about anything. I think he's happy. His dad's happy. Yeah. And he found love. Yeah. And you know what, Charlie's probably not even talking about either. He's probably respecting their privacy. He's focused on grinding out on the golf course.


Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Very weird. Very weird to ask for privacy. Like for a second I thought someone died or something. Well, It's been rumored and like, I think it's been probably, you know, talked about tabloids gossip sites. So they probably were thinking let's address it but then keep it private. But that it's just not how it works. Once it, once you post about it, It's out there. Wait, one of one of the kids is Kai Trump isn't, she's like a good golfer. Yeah. Wow. And and Tiger Woods could be her stepdad. That's pretty, he's That who stepped up. Yeah. Charlie and Kai gotta play a a one V one.


So yeah, we're not gonna talk about it. No, we haven't talked about it at At all. We haven't. And we won't. We'll continue to respect his wishes for privacy. But the two pictures that he put accompanying the post, the first one was pretty normal. I would say. They're just like standing next to each other that they look happy. I'm happy. And then the second one was in a hammock and it looked like ti that picture of Willie Mays that Barry Bonds took, remember where everyone was like, oh shit, is this Willie May's funeral? Is he dead? Yeah. Yeah. That's what that looked like for Tiger. Yeah. It looked like he was dead in a hammock laying next to her. And then you're like, who took that picture? Yeah, that was Weird. Maybe Charlie. Maybe Charlie or Kai. Okay. They Go to the same school. Oh yeah. Oh, so they met in the pickup line.


They must have. That's exactly what happened. They Both, yeah, they both go. Charlie Woods and Kai Trump both go to the Benjamin School. Are they the same age? Look up, where's the Benjamin School in Florida? How bad did they get beat by Cooper Flag in Mount Verde? Probably got smoked. Oh, they probably got beat Florida fucking killed by 'em. What if, what if Charlie and the Trump granddaughter, what if love was in the air with them? Are they the same age? Are think they're both underage. But what if they, you you can date somebody. Yeah, of course. What, what are you trying to Say? I'm just saying that'd be wild. That would be wild. That would be very wild.


Yeah. She's 17. He's 16. That would be very wild. But yeah, we're gonna respect the privacy. By the way, I have a hammock take they suck. Most overrated thing in the world. That's insane. Yeah. It's Also, it's thinking about getting out of hammock. Getting out of hammock sucks. It's a big guy thing. I understand. No, I hate them too. Yeah. I Max I knew you'd back me Up. Me and Hank are just Kicking. They're scaries. They're Uncom. A summer nap in Aham. They're Uncomfortable. No. Yeah. You're not taking naps In the ham. Oh, I've taken a nap in the hammock. God, I've Taken so many naps. So you ever sip the ham Nice tea in a hammock It. Especially if you have your, if you have your shirt Off, then like the, They get the Oh yeah. They're so overrated. Like hammocks are, are, are put on a pedestal as like the, the king of relaxation.


No hank's. Right. Gimme a daybed Point hank Day again. I know it's a big, I know it's a big guy. Take hammocks. I don't trust him. What do you want me to say? I get into hams and I, it's a problem Day Beds are, it is like, Hey, we're gonna put a bed in this room and it's gonna be smaller and you're not gonna like fit on it. It's Not, It's not gonna be as comfortable as real Bed. Slap An air mattress on the turf. Exactly. Fucking idiots. I'm talking about the ones outside. Like real furniture outside is awesome. That's better than a hammock. Hammocks are different. Way better. Way better. That's way Better. Bad take. You just have never been on nice furniture outside. I, I've been on nice furniture outside. Hammocks are getting out of the hamm. Shouldn't be outside's so crazy. Getting into there's outdoor furniture.


You idiots. Yeah, but it's cheap 'cause it's outside. No it's not. I said nice. You have not confirmed, you have not been on nice furniture outside because N because nice furniture should not be outside. But there is nice Outdoor furniture. There is nice outdoor furniture. And it's better than hammocks. No, no it's not. Yes. Yes. Getting, getting into the hammock is, is tough sometimes. Getting outta the hammock sucks. What do You want? Like a sleep number fucking mattress on the porch. Yeah. I just need grabbing. Sure. How is that a ditch? What happens when it rains then, then, then trying to fucking get myself into some little cocoon of rope. Yeah. I would like a, I would like a bed. Have You, have you slept on a King Max? I own that outdoor couch. Yeah. It's comfortable. I own that.


I also own a hammock and I'm on the hammock to nap. Not on that couch. You're, which one do you go on more? The hammock. I sit on the couch to, if I'm watching tv, I go on the hammock. I'm lay down. Took over just to go on the hammock. Yeah. You wanna have a hammock day? I got two of them. Yeah. Oh fuck yeah. Dueling hammocks. Do it Max. And I would be sitting like God intended on furniture. Yeah. Yeah. Sports really relaxed. That was a big mess. Step by by ha Or by Max though. Bringing up the, the couch. I own as How about counter example? That's A nice couch. How about this one? This one? I don't own that one On this one. That, that, that's Sofa looks pretty Good. Yeah. What happens when it rains? It's outdoor. It's outdoor furniture. Again, you don't understand outdoor furniture.


You moron. That looks like a Whatever. You don't, you just say you don't like listen. Well I knew that when I did the hammock take it was gonna probably be me and Max versus the world. 'cause big guys can't trust hammocks. But what we found out with the hammock take is you don't know what outdoor furniture is. You're Gonna submit that. If you're gonna spend a lot of money on ice furniture, admit that. You should not put it outside. That's my Take. No, that's so wrong. I Understand super rich people. Like you just spend a lot of money on everything. But you what? It doesn't make sense to put it Outside. What are you ta There's outdoor furniture, But not like, you shouldn't spend, you shouldn't break the bank on outdoor furniture. You don't wanna sit outside. I do, but it doesn't need to be like anything Insane. This is a crazy Listen. This is crazy. This is crazy. Crazy. Here's here's what you Not, this is crazy.


Here's what you guys aren't thinking about with the outdoor furniture. You have to pick all those pillows up and take 'em inside and, and storm 'em in. Like a waterproof thing. If it's bad weather a hammock, you just leave the hammock out there. Okay. I still would rather sit on the, the really comfortable outdoor furniture Guy sit. Hank does not know Lay downham. Hank does not know what outdoor furniture Is. No. PT point is the maintenance is not worth the what? The comfort, The maintenance. Fucking, There's a lot of maintenance. A couple pillows. No, I gotta put a, I gotta stack em. Sometimes the maintenance is is really where, where they get you. Hank I don't want you ever sitting on outdoor furniture. Ever. I, I mean Ever See Hank, he's moving the gold. I won. I won't, no, I won't sit on a hammock again in my life.


He's talking about sitting. We're talking about laying down. I won't Lay down on a hammock again in my life. You can sit. I don't want you touching outdoor furniture. I will touch outdoor furniture. You don't respect it. It'll be you. Don't you think it's stupid? No, I love What do you mean It's, oh, that's such bullshit. You just said it was stupid. No, I think it's stupid to spend a lot of money on it. What? Okay. You Spend money on dumb shit all the time. Yeah. Obviously not outdoor furniture. You just gotta, you also, one day you're gonna buy nice outdoor furniture. You'll, and I'm gonna laugh in your face when you do it. 'cause you absolutely Will. And he's got some garbage outdoor furniture. Yeah. And when he does, yeah. And when you do spend, 'cause it's fucking outdoors. Yeah, you will. But like, but you will, you will be forced to do it.


And I'm gonna laugh at you. What? Like if you like to sit outside. Yeah. Wouldn't you want it to be nice and Comfortable If you had the choice of nice outdoor furniture, like Do you Think Yeah. Or not nice outdoor furniture. You would prefer to sit on nice outdoor Furniture. Yeah. You guys are twisting on the argument, whatever. No, We're not. No. This we've separated the original argument. Hank is correct. Hammocks are are a, a great place to lay that I, again, I'll concede That's a big guy. Take that. I knew that when I said it, it was gonna be me and Max versus the world. Hank then revealed himself to just hate outdoor furniture. No. Okay. You did. I did not. He said, what's The point of buying outdoor furniture? Eh? What's the point of buying nice outdoor furniture? Ding.


Because it's nice to be able to sit on nice shit. Okay. And it's, it's meant to be outdoors, I think. You think that outdoor furniture, you just buy a couch that's like an indoor couch. You put it outside and then it rains once you're like, ruin it. I've done that. No. Yeah. This is, this is insane. Now it's, what is your point? What the truly elite thing to do is to just on a nice day, take your indoor television and then pick it up and walk it outside and put it down and be like, I'm gonna watch sports outside today. Yeah. I like that. Look at this thing. I, I mean that's incredible. Are you kidding me? You'd rather just be ham than this thing. Yeah. You've also definitely been on vacation and been on like super nice outdoor furniture and had a great time.


Probably at a pool or a beach. I don't, I feel like I'm like outdoor furniture is just like, it's fine. Have you been in a cabana in a beach? Like yeah. There's nice furniture But that's like on a vacation at a nice place. Most people, if they're gonna have something outside a hammock is way more accessible than that thing. Probably costs like $30,000. I think there's a lot of the like nice. No, that one's not that expensive. That one's stupid. Alright. Do you have any other who's backs? No. Okay. PFC. Do the one that you thought I was gonna do. Della? Yeah. That was the one, What is it? Deli delis back. Oh yeah.


Yeah. So he, he played in the NBL. He was named the finals. MVP. Which is great. Good for Deli. Despite the fact that his, his team, Melbourne United lost the game and the title to the Illawarra Hawks. So Deli at the podium, he got the trophy for MVP, which by the way is a very funny thing to do to give the MVP to somebody on the losing team. Yeah. It like never happens anymore. But he said that the guard for the Hawks will, Dave o Hickey was more deserving of the award. So Deli walked off the stage with the MVP trophy and gave it to Hickey. That's awesome. That's so deli. That's so deli. I love that. Yeah.


Davo. I Also love the fact that Deli is still playing at a high enough level to be the, the finals. MVP. Yeah. Melbourne. Yeah. Pretty damn cool. You take di Vo, Is that the, that's not the New Zealand Breakers. Same league. Same league. Oh, same league. NBL. We Didn't make it. No. I don't know. I don't fucking clearly not. We didn't make the championship. We we're a football basketball team. Mm. We had that one. We're close. We had that one draft pick. That was horrible. Oh yeah. Da. No, no. Rj. Rj. Rj. Hampton. Hampton. RJ Hampton. Is he still in the League? Yeah, I think so. Maybe He might be. Yeah, that was supposed to be big time.


Am my other Who's averaging 1.2 point scheme. Oh for who? The heat. Last year. Last year. Last year. Oh, he might be on the Wizards now. No way. It looked like he had G League. The G Wizards. Gogos. The Gogos. Yeah. Yeah. Wizards. Okay. Yeah. Alright. You all said what? My other, who's back of the week is Jim Morrison maybe. Oh, he might be alive. Oh shit. So apparently there's a documentary, I think it's on Apple TV or Yeah, apple tv. That's claims that he's still alive. It was done by a super fan of The Doors and of Jim Morrison. He says that he did not die in Paris in 1971.


They said that he faked his own death and there was never an autopsy done to determine the cause. And then he says, I think he lives somewhere in the Midwest right now. And this dude is like trying to track him down and find this guy. Damn. So Jim Moore, the, the liver king might still be alive. Which would be, that would be the ultimate who's back. Holy shit. Faking deaths. I've always wondered how many people fake their deaths and get away with it. It's gotta be more. More than you think. Right. There was that one dude a few months ago, I think it was from Wisconsin, who faked his death and then just moved to like Lithuania and got a new wife and then H Man and then they H man and then like zoomed him and he was like, yeah, I'm here. Steve Jobs. That McAfee guy.


Epstein. Yeah. Yeah. Tupac. Oh his name. DB Cooper Tupac. Good one. Yeah. Yeah. Well he didn't really fake his own death. They just never found him. Yeah. All right. My who's back is the national anthem. Did you guys see this? The Bongo national anthem? Very funny. The, there was in the, I think it was Ducks versus Predators. And the ducks started slow and they asked the afterwards what happened in the game. And the Ducks player was like, yeah, the national anthem kind of fucked us up. But then we found our footing and I, I was like, there's no way. And then I watched the clip Max, I DMed it to you. It was a hell of a national anthem.


They played it on the bongos Kind of. I've been saying for years that they need to do national anthem on the drums, watch this Kind of, I thought it was gonna be just bongos and it totally makes sense. Threw us off a Little bit in the first, but once we recovered from that, we were back to our game. Which was good. Staff Sergeant Bruce Gusto. The Conga. Oh, the Congos. He's awesome. I know. He's awesome.


He's A beast. Yeah. I think this might be the future of the national anthem. This is pretty good. Yeah. Max you, There was a time, I think it was Chad Smith from, from the Chili Peppers. I think he played the national anthems, the national anthem on the drums before a Lakers game. Oh yeah, He did. It's wild. Look that up. He did. Had Hot chili peppers. Oh, here we go. Yeah, here it's, oh, that kind of rocks. Yeah, you can, I'm into that.


I also kind of Squint a little bit and think that it's Will Ferrell. Yeah. I'm into that Memes on Wednesday. Can you explain to us Ashton Hall? Oh, I could, sure. He's the best. Okay. We'll will maybe do a, explain that memes on on Wednesday because I would, I would like to know also bring some body armor Friday. You guys wanna talk severance? Yeah. Yeah. I think that should be a recurring thing. Yeah. Yeah. Even when there's no season. Yeah, just talk about it. But yeah, I think people every Friday for the next three years. So go catch up on severance and yeah, we'll do our finale recap.


Okay. Good. Show boys. We made it. March Madness numbers 3 16 1 6 49. Nine. Pug 44. 1521. What if today's It's hot. It's not gonna be today. It feels like half 76. Love you guys.