
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music On. today is part of my take week seven of the NFL. We're gonna talk all the games from Sunday. We've got some playoff baseball. We have a World series set we're gonna do who's back of the week. We're gonna start with fastest Two minutes.


It's a Monday morning with PMT and it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA is finally back. A new season means new ways to get into the action DraftKings sports booking, official sports betting partner of the NBA, who's draining threes from beyond the arc, who's crashing the boards and grabbing rebounds. Get behind your favorite players and the prop bets you can make on DraftKings the home of NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the DraftKings Sportsbook gap and place your bet first time. New customers, new DraftKings customers BET $5 to get $200 in Bonus bets. instantly take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/b ball.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy. A yeah. Mindset. Yeah, take. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. NBA's back and every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus. Be when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings.


The crown is yours. Today is Monday, October 21st, week seven. What? What? That was a well time. What Spread? Psalm spread. Wow. Boom. What's that called? Uncle Win In Detroit where the offenses went. Golf. As Aaron Alex Jones said, I've got the touchdown documents right here, starting the scoring for the the Vikings in the first. It was a back and forth affair as souk and Knuckles ran through the Vikings defense until David Montgomery got the coins hit out of him on way to an Ivan pace of play touchdown.


The game came down to a decision by the psycho Dan Campbell to stay at the Bates Motel as Jake sealed it with his leg. And the Lions are atop the NFC North Lions 31 Vikings 29 What? We go down to Atlanta for a bird fight where the Seahawks may be beaking at the right time. Did Chase and Tatum send a text before the game? Because Kobe Bryant picked off Kirk Cousins as Seattle whi Mamba mentality on the Atlanta offense all afternoon. Bijon Wilkes Booth Robinson ruined a couple really nice plays from the Seattle defense running outta the pistol formation, but it wasn't enough as busing with the Boyer Mae undressed, Kirk Cousins and the Falcons will need to see a tailor to get looking right again.


The Seahawks 34, the Falcons 14 Up to the frozen tundra where the Packers were. Their winter warning jerseys to welcome in 75 degree weather. Josh Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt. His name is my name too. Whenever we go out, people always shout. There goes Josh Jacobs jingle into the end zone for a pass. For the first time in his career, Joe was doing mix on it, scoring two touchdowns while Tucker Robert Craft ran a nice rub route for a tug and got some love in the end zone from his quarterback with a time winding down. Brandon Walker McManus staved off a migraine due to the sunny conditions and mild weather and won the game for the Packers Green Bay 24 Houston 22 To Western New York.


Where in honor of Josh Allen's hundredth career start, the Bills acquired Super am Mario Brother Cooper, who took a page outta the Aaron Rogers playbook, eating some mushrooms, making the buffalo offense look a lot bigger and stronger. The Bills defense came out in the second half looking very DeMar, very mindful as Hamlin got an interception and they shut down Mason. Big country Kyle Rudolph going 10 and oh in the game. No one circles The wagons like the Buffalo Bills Bills As I scored 34 straight. The Bills 34, the Titans 10. We go Across the pond to Henry Lockwood from London.


What's up? Boom, dude. Hey, over to Wembley Stadium, where Drake, Maggie may made a first class fall out of the Jaguars defense in his first drive, capping it with a touchdown to jam Mike. Call me Hasty. Brian Thomas Shelby don don't know whether to go boomers, the British, he had no limitations in the second quarter scoring on a six yard touchdown. And much like his namesake, the British centurian tank Bigsby dominated the competition, scored two touchdowns and making the Patriots wave the white flag. Jaguar 32, Patriots 16. Thanks Henry.


Thanks Henry. And also thanks. Boom. And also thanks British boom. Thanks British boom. We head back stateside to the Meadowlands where Max is live for the Eagles and Giants. In his return to MetLife, rich homie Snake Kwan said, let me flex on the Giants. Oh, AJ said, what can Brownford do for you as the touchdown delivery was expedited on fourth and three from 40 yards out. Finally, Bryce huffed and puffed and blew Daniel Jones down to get one of the Eagles eight sacks of the day. Eagles dominate 28 3. Thanks Max. Back.


Also stateside in San Francisco where the party little lie going around the league is that the Niners are still good. Kareem Bergen Hunt and Fish Club said murder. What? Murder As he ran for two scores through the San Fran defense. Pat, right Patrick, daylight coming. Me. Want to go? Mahome stumbled in bubbled for a long run and telling everyone to read a book. Andy Off a Buy is Free Money. I wish I'd learned that lesson beforehand. Boom. It's coming up on Halloween. His most favorite time of year. Boom. Chiefs 28. Niners 18 Murder. What Murder? We go over to Indianapolis, where Anthony eat.


The Richardson is stealing money from a good friend billionaire. Jim Mei. Don't tell Rob Schneider. But there was a Boyles bill as Tim came in. Relief for Tyler Huntley. He's not that old. He's John New as Smith's court to take an early lead. But to Colts had something to Beyonce about it. As Matt game, my name game, my name had three field goals. And Alec Baldwin. Ingold isn't technically liable, but he did drop the ball when he took a shot at a big play. Colts 16, the Dolphins 10 Standing on the corner.


Jamis Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fine sight to see it. Tia, my Lord, Jamis only for use in case of emergency. Come on Watson, you Achilles. Pop some. Keep the traders far away from your Crowd. Sun. The Bengals 21. The Browns 14.


And that was the Fastest Two minutes Week seven, brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon, My Take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving using the Silverado for all kinds of Pardon, My, Take jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado's been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week and Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week seven in the books. That was a fun, that was a fun early slate. Terrible late slate. Yeah, very fun Early slate though. Yeah, it was pretty good. It was pretty good. We had some some witching hour drama, some back and forth. What about the early, early slate? Yeah. Well what about The London slate? Let's Start with that game. Jaguars 32, Patriots 16. Good news for Doug Peterson. I'm a fucking moron because I think I, I watched the, I watched the opening drive for the Patriots. They scored, it looked like there were some business decisions happening on the Jaguars defense. And I was like, Doug Peterson is so fired. And then I forgot that the Patriots also stink.


And Trevor Lawrence ended up looking great and they So did Brian Thomas. Brian Thomas, Brian Thomas might be the best rookie wide receiver now that Malik neighbors missed a couple games. Marvin Harrison is like, either he scores four to or three touchdowns or doesn't catch a ball. Yep. Brian Thomas is the real deal looking awesome. But. yeah. The Patriots stink and Hank bad news. Gerard Mayo used the S word. They called your team soft. They were soft. Is that, is that a bad thing? Said we're, we're a soft football team across the board. We talk about what makes a tough football team and that's being able to run the ball, being able to stop the run. And that's being able to cover kicks. We did none of those.


Is it, are you saying is it a bad thing to be a soft football team? No, I don't think it's a, like he's he's, he's A, he's a right. Yeah, no, he's correct in what he's saying. But it's always a bad thing to have it be said. It's a bad Reflection on his coaching that the team that he coaches is soft. He also, but they are soft. Our good friend Heidelberg pointed this out to me last week and I've been monitoring it. Gerard Mayo is, I think the heir apparent to Jim Caldwell. Is he alive on the sidelines? 'cause his face never changes. Yeah. He just kinda stares off into the distance. I, I agree with Hank. I don't think that he is, I don't he's not wrong. It's early to be pressing the S button though. Yeah. Well, although This could, what's that old, the old saying? It's like hard times create soft people. Yeah.


Soft people create soft times. Soft times. Soft times Create hard people. Hard time. Yeah. So you better hope that you're, that's where you are. No soft times. Soft times creates Soft people. Times create hard times. No soft times create no soft. Wait, wait. Soft times create soft people. Soft people create hard times. Hard times, hard times. Hard times. Create hard people, hard people. You better hope that's where you're at. Yeah. Is the hard times are you guy, are your guys getting harder? They need to get harder. Feels Like we're getting softer. Softer's not good. I know, because that's soft people, which then leads to hard times. He's also, so You're in the hard, he's a defensive coach, defensive player when he played. And, and the defense is the softest of them all. You're in the, in the, you Got a soft d Yeah.


In this, in this super soft, in this entire length. You're, you're the, you're soft people creating hard times for yourself. But we haven't had hard people created out of those hard times. Yeah. I mean it's a process. Yeah. You gotta get a hard guy. You gotta draft a hard guy in the draft. Do you Think Well, Jerry Jones to take a look at him, he'll tell you Drake may look good. Drake May did look good. Yeah. So that's, and that's really all that matters outside of being a soft football team. But. yeah. You you lost the Jaguars who were Got smoked by the Jaguars. Looked like they were ready to quit, ready to fire Doug Peterson. And, but Drake may look good. That's what you have to just, when you put your head down on your pillow at night, you should be like, Drake may look good. Yeah. And losing the London game first thing in the morning is just no, no fun way to start a football Sunday.


Yeah. No it's not. No. It just, it puts you in like a bummer mood just to right out of the gate. There is a way for soft teams to win in the NFL though. If you just embrace the gun slinger mentality of Drake may Yeah. You just spread 'em out. Tell Mayo to, to put the spread on Shootouts. I don't know that we're, we're Shoot You're Out team. We gotta, we gotta go through some more hard times so that we can create hard players. Hard people. W would you say though, now losing the Jaguars is definitely bad because that's a hard time. Jaguars are bad. But wouldn't this, you don't really wanna win football games, right? No. You kind of wanna lose and get the number one pick and take Travis Hunter probably.


But you, you like, you just want Drake Ma to look good. And he did and he looked good. So the First drive was exciting. It was like, oh, let's go. Yeah. First thing in the morning, I'm happy I Woke up. Jaguars quit. Yeah. And then they didn't quit. And credit to you, Hank, he did call the Trap game correctly. Yeah. The Jaguars as as bad as the Jaguars are, they're better than the Patriots definitively. And they were acclimated And they were acclimated. And Trevor Lawrence did look good. He had one of his best games of the season. Tank Bigsby absolute monster. Do you know Tank Bigsbys real name? I, yeah, I heard it this morning Trevor. It's, it's somehow, so Tank Bigsby was, was named Tank Bigsby because it, it's a classic story that you could have. You could have just, you knew it before you even read it.


Guess his dad basically he just ran around when he was a little kid and like bumped into things. I was gonna guess and was fine. I was gonna guess Grandmother. Yeah, It was But. yeah. I think it was aunt and dad. Like he would just run into things and then shake it off. So he became Tank. But his real name's actually somehow even better than Tank Tank as his nickname. Which Tank Bigsby deserves more credit for being one of the coolest names in the NFL. His real name is Cartus. Cartus is pretty solid. Yeah. That's fucking Awesome. You don't like it Max. It's Not better than Tank. I mean Tank obviously is a great name, but Carius is a great name too. Carius Bigsby Big. He's Cardi B. Yeah, Cardi B. He is Cardi B. But It's Tank Bigsby. I understand.


No Tank Bigsby deserves more credit for being one, A good football player and two having maybe top three name in the NFL. It's Pretty solid. And and I think we've been saying for the last few weeks that he looks better than Travis ATN does. Yeah. Right. Like pretty, pretty much consistently, at least for this season. And then we know that Doug Peterson appears to lie before games and then tell the truth after games. Yeah. So after Tell the truth, after this game, they asked him if Tank was going to replace etn and he said, don, don't think so. I'm a believer where injury doesn't replace your position. I think you have to have a fair competition. Tank has done some good things. Obviously we're gonna continue to find ways to put the ball in his hands too. I disagree with that. I think that injury can absolutely a hundred percent without a doubt change things up.


Especially when the guy that comes in for the injured guy is better than the injured guy. When the injured guy wasn't injured. And his name's Tank Bigsby And his name is Cartus. Bigby. Cartus Tank. Bigsby Bigsby doesn't get enough credit either. No. Bigsbys great. Bigsbys a great name. I just looked at the name Tank Bigsby for a while when I was taking notes, I was like, damn, we don't talk enough about how awesome this name is. And he was awesome to, he had 118 yards Bigsby sounds English. Yeah. Does I Remember the, the first time I heard his name? Yeah. At Auburn. Yep. Because Auburn played Penn State in a non-conference game. I was like, who the fuck is Tank? Tank Bigby Tank? Yeah. It was like early in the season. And. it was, I Maybe one of the coolest running back names since Cadillac Williams. The, the NFL has a surplus of tanks right now. Yeah. Tank de maybe Next game's gonna be in the Ukraine overseas.


Ooh. We'll Fund it. Send him there. Yeah. The, so the Jags survived the like Doug Peterson fire game. 'cause he was gonna get fired in this game if he lost it. Did you have you guys looked at the Jags schedule coming up Possible? 'cause they're, it's too bad they're, he's going to get fired very soon. They're playing the Packers. They, first of all, they don't have a bye week until week 12. I think they probably just said we're good. We don't need a bye week after the London game. But they're playing the Packers at the Eagles Vikings Lions Texans. That's their next five games. Yeah. So if you're Doug Peterson, just, just close your eyes and enjoy this win. Thank God, remember, thank God you won this game. Actually, maybe not. Maybe he, he wishes he lost this game because the next five games are gonna be tortured.


That way he can be like, it wasn't my fault. Look what we're doing. Yeah. 'cause there's no way that they could have fired him and then gotten a bump against the Packers Eagles Vikings Lions and Texans and been like, oh, they, they, it was Doug Peterson's fault. Yeah, that's true. So if you're Doug, I, they always say like, I I wish there was a way to know that you're in the good old days when you're in 'em right now, Doug. You have to take this entire flight back. Get hammered. Yeah. Drink all the free drinks. Go into the office next week. Just like take a bunch of the snacks that they have set out. Stuff 'em in your pockets. Steal from the facility. 'cause you're probably not gonna come back. And it in a matter of probably, I'd say like three weeks, probably Two weeks maybe. Doug Peterson is at the point right now of every single one of my weekends on Saturday morning when I'm like, what if I just get super hot and just win all my bets?


He's two and five. And he's like, what if we just run the table here? Two and five looks Good. Two and five's a lot better than one in six. But it's not gonna happen. Yep. Just like I, I'm never gonna do that. Doug Peterson's not gonna run the table. But you have to at least sit in that moment all week and just embrace it and be like, you don't know what's gonna happen. You never know. You don't know if I can just win everything. You never know. He might've changed. Yeah. Yeah. So Chap sent this to me. The sad Jaguars stat of the week. The Jaguars 22 points that they scored in the first half. Is their fir their highest total in the first half since 2017? Mm. It's been a minute that, that's been a minute. A long time been. So if you're a Jags fan, enjoy this. I don't think it's gonna make much of a difference on what happens in the future of the team, specifically their coach by the end of the year.


But it's, it's always better to see in front of essentially your home fans. Yeah. Over in England you get a win. Yeah. You gotta win. And Hank you got to start your day watching a soft football team. But again, you knew that fun first drive. You knew. Yeah. It's Drake may, that's it. That's all that matters this year for you. Drake May and then you fix everything. Is DRA Mayo the guy though? No. Yeah. So I know he was getting criticized for the two point conversion when they scored they were down 15. He, he, they went for two. They scored a touchdown, went for two, didn't get it with 10 minutes left. Basically ending the game. 'cause they, they then needed to score twice. Is that not what you're supposed to do In that Situation?


No. Kind of. So the, the thing we always talk about, I I think you go either way with that one. The four down 14 is what we always talk about because it's still a one possession game whether you get it or not. They didn't get the two point conversion. So it was a nine point game. So they needed to get a score, a stop, a score and then a stop and a score. Whereas if they had just kicked the extra point and they're down eight, you can at least tell your huddle, Hey, all we need is a stop and a score. don don't know. I always go back and forth 'cause you kind of wish you knew what you have to get. But I also understand for a soft football team, you probably want to keep them mentally in it as long as they possibly can. That that's the argument is you, you want to know if you have to go for two now or later and or if you're gonna make your two point conversion.


Correct. You'd rather have that information as early as possible. Early as possible so you can plan out the rest of the game. The problem is when your offense stinks and you haven't really done much, is it actually that much more of a likelihood that you will get two more scores Right. In the fourth quarter. Right. When you haven't scored since the second quarter to begin with. And when you have a soft football team, you probably want to use every advantage to keep them mentally locked in this, This is one of those debates and arguments that I saw online. And I gotta say, I think both sides are right. I do too. I think both sides are a hundred percent correct on this. I think it completely depends on your football team Because you, you have the math people that have run these games in simulation. And the logic, if you're like a game theory guy, it makes sense. I understand it. But also if you're just a football guy that hates computers and stats and you hear that argument, you're like, that's pussy football.


Well it's, I'm like, yeah, he's kind of right. And it's not, it's not remotely close to our, Hank was just laughing at that onsite kick attempt by the 49 ERs. We're, we're taping a little early so we can let memes watch the Jets, the and the Mets. It's not the down 14 going for two conversation because that's math. I stand by. That's math. That's math. And that also is, you don't change the fact that it's still a one score game that is settled Science. This is down 15 going for two. You change the fact that you now have a two score game versus a one score game. Yep. Yep. And I don't think I, if he had not done what he did, if he had just kicked a field goal or kicked the extra point, I would absolutely not have a problem with that. Correct. I don't think it was one of these no-brainer situations.


We also had the longest international touchdown and also the first ever special teams touchdown from Parker, Washington, the 96 yard punt return. Which that's kind of crazy. That's great. Because the, the people over in England, they love the kicking game. Yeah. They, if you put a ball in your hand and you kick it, they will stand up and cheer for you. And to get to see one run back over there. That was two great plays in one for them. I'm, I'm hoping there was at least one guy in the stands who's like, I didn't even know you could do that. Yeah. Because I've been coming to these games for 20 years. And. it never happened. That's Amazing. Yeah. You didn't golf today? No. Okay. That was, it was a beautiful, Beautiful day. It was beautiful, beautiful day. We thought you had maybe golfed and done the phone watching, which I would've, would've been totally fine.


'cause if you have a soft football team that's No, I'm, I'm a committed fan. I was up early. I watched the whole whole game. And then after halftime, I wish I was golfing, but I wasn't. I'm Gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna really look into this Gerard Mayo being dead or alive because he is, he potentially is the, the heir apparent to Jim Caldwell, Do you think that the team is, has made you soft as a fan? Hank No. The Patriots never made you soft. Maybe Just by the so many good times I guess. Yeah. And and the analogy of Yeah. Good times. I'm saying the analogy of of good times. We had the best times. So you you're the softest man. Softest fan. Yeah. Me. Oh, you're the softest fan. Out of, out of the people in this, in this room.


Full of losers and hard times. Yeah, that's True. Me and Big, Cat are the hardest Men. Hard times, hard times Make hard people. Do You feel like this experience is making you harder? Are you getting harder right now as we talk to You? Are you just kinda checked out and accepting? Like it happens to a lot of fan bases? I guess it's just my turn. Are you able to get harder anymore? Don don't know. Or it's gonna, it's, it is been a while since I haven't been able to get hard. I think it's more what you said it, it's every fan base has to go through with this. At some point you can't win forever. Yeah. And Drake May and Drake may, you just gotta keep, like, you just need to keep saying to yourself, Drake may, Drake may Drake has looked good in the first two games that he's started and that's all that matters for you right now.


And Christian, nothing else. Christian Gonzalez stud like Christian, you ez you gotta stud on the offense, stud on the defense. Build around that you Can build, you can build around that. Yeah. You just need 20 more guys And a coach And a coach. Bunch more studs and then Hank's gonna get hard again. Is there A chance Gerard Mayo gets fired? No, I think he's kind of the craft. Yeah. But the but but we're in the craft is in his, he might be in his Jerry Jones era where he's gonna get like, Hey, I'm not gonna live forever. I need it now. But he already Yeah. Yeah. He already had It is different. It hasn't been that long for him. Yeah, That's true. Yeah. Robert Kraft actually did it right. Like winning that many Super Bowls closer to whenever he passes away versus Jerry Jones who had to win the Super Bowls and then live for 30 years more watching his team not win.


Yeah. The legacy is kind of finalized on Robert Craft. Yeah, He's good. He's Good. So yeah, this it, it's a tough spot for him because to fire Mayo would be like, yeah, I made a terrible, terrible mistake that made, made a mistake reflect directly on him and and maybe negatively affect his Hall of Fame induction that he is planning on. Also. I mean it's brutal for Mayo. Just like having to follow Bill Belichick. Yeah. Like that's, I I mean you ca like Gerard Mayo is saying we're a soft football team. Bill Belichick would never ha never coached a soft football Team. I think Belichick would say that to his team but he would never say to The press. He would never say it publicly. Right. Yeah. And it and he'd never actually think it truly, I think he would. I think he would think it truly, I even in the midst of the dynasty, he was probably like, you guys are playing like a bunch of soft bushies.


Soft softs. Yeah. He's probably said it when they've, when they've lost before for Sure. Yeah, I think so. But then the point, But he also knew that it was relative that like comparatively they weren't actually that soft Now it would be a soft move on Mayo's part. But he was saying he was calling them soft in the media to get them mad. Mayo's just like saying they're soft 'cause they're soft. Right. Yeah. But it would be a bad move for Mayo to call them soft just to the media and not say it to their faces. Yeah. It'd be a good move for Belichick to call them soft to the media in order to light a fire into their asses. Right. Yeah. You hope Mayo says that in the locker room too? Not don't come back. Like what? I don don't know what I said. He did Say it. So there, there was a couple guys on the team that said yeah, I mean he wouldn't say anything to you guys that he hasn't said to us.


So he did say that. That's good. And then And then Jalen Polk, he's got some issues. Lot of drops with his hands and with his feet. And then just a rookie though. Just a rookie. But then after the game, did you see what he put up on Instagram? Oh no, He just put Up a black screen. Right. Was with hand emojis. Yeah. Do you know what the hand emoji was doing? Praying? No, no. Not praying. Catching a football. Dropping a Football. First of all it was the.dot dot. And then the peace sign. Oh Like see ya, I'm outta here. Well He could be saying goodbye to London. Yeah. He probably met someone in London. Yeah. You met somebody in London. Yeah. He's like, see you the London. That was fun for almost 48 hours. Didn't they invent the, the peace sign is actually for victory in England, right? Yeah. They started that in World War ii.


The USC Trojan started that. That's True. Yeah. Yeah. You're Just going to zero dark 31. Yeah. Okay. A great game to start. The early slate Lions 31, Vikings 29. This game. Fucking rocked. You knew this game was gonna be awesome when Dan Campbell decided to start the game with a fake punt from his own 30 that didn't work on a fourth and seven. But the Lions end up winning the Lions are, it's crazy to think that like the Vikings started five and Oh go into the bye week five and oh, and then come right outta the bye week and now they're second place in the NFC North. It is. Yeah. I mean that division just continues to be awesome because the Packers won again too.


But nothing to hang your head about if you're a Vikings fan, right. You would like to win this game obviously. 'cause it means a lot in the division. But in terms of like how you played, Sam Darn didn't have his, his best first half, but he looked pretty good in the second half. Yeah, yeah. I think you don't hang your head. You just realize that the Lions are really goddamn good and it's gotta be frustrating as hell. 'cause you have to play perfect football. You have to play perfect defensive football against the Lions to, to beat them. And they even got a a, a defensive touchdown And. it wasn't enough. And and they got that, you know, punt the fake punt, which was gifted them a touchdown for Aaron Jones in the first quarter. Jared off though is playing out of his mind.


He is in this last four game stretch. He's 76 for 90 1,086 yards, nine touchdowns in one interception. The last two guys who have had a three game streak of 140 plus passing Raider passer rating was Aaron Rodgers in 2011 when he won an MVP and Kurt Warner in 1999 when he won an MVP Jared Goff plus eight 50 on And Sports book for MVP. Just saying that. Just throw I love that for Jared. Yeah. You have it for, you have it better. Right. Preseason. He's been, he's been lights out And. it was crazy too because Brian Flores tried to blitz and, you know, do his tricks at him and he was, it, it didn't work.


Like they, Jared was 13 for fifteen, a hundred sixty three yards in a touchdown against the Blitz was carving him up. Big play after big play and yeah. This game, I mean it just showed that both these teams are really fucking good. They're Both really good. And Brian Branch, that dude is so much fun to watch on defense. Yeah. That's the interception he made. He He is so good. Like that diving play that he had with a little green mouthpiece sticking out of his helmet. That dude has become one of my favorite guys to watch on the defense side of the ball. And that's, I don't think, again, don don't think that they're a good spot because of the loss of Hutchinson, but I do think that they have enough good players on their defense where it won't preclude them from making a Super Bowl. I also, I I think that they're good enough to get through that.


And again, like Campbell, he's the king of like talking about adversity, manufacturing adversity. Sometimes this is a real piece of adversity that they have to get through. Yeah. And I feel like there's no better coach than Dan Campbell to get you through it. Their offense is hell, their offense is hell to deal with. Every guy. Every single guy is a guy. Sonic and Knuckles. Yeah. Sonic and Knuckles. That was a, a very serious shifter report early this morning that Jamir Gibbs and David Montgomery would like to be called Sonic and Knuckles. Which One's Sonic, which one's Knuckles? I, I believe, I believe Jamir Gibbs is Sonic. That makes sense. Sonic is a little bit bigger And and he is faster. Yeah. And we did. Yeah. So I, I think that's, I believe that's what it is.


Gibbs did have a 45 yard touchdown run, which made him look like Sonic. Yeah. That was sick. That's pretty cool though to be called. So it's, it's cooler than Thunder and lightning. 'cause Thunder and Lightning's been done a million times. Oh I like, and they're not a true thunder and lightning. They're Not. I like the, the old Tennessee Titans when it was Lyndale White and Reggie Bush and they called themselves Eat and Run. Oh, I like that. Yeah, that was good too. Yeah. That's when Linde was in his fat era. Yeah. Linde White Tough to bring down But. yeah. This game, the Lions, the Lions offense is just, I don't really know what you can do. You can't, you can't, you can't beat them for four quarters because Upfront they can, they can bully you off the line of scrimmage. They've got two weapons at running back. They've got MVP, Jared Goff and then they've got a great tight end and then three at the, at minimum very good wide Receivers.


Yeah. Tim Patrick has, has we, we said it last week, but he is walked into that Josh Reynolds role perfectly and And. it all works. And Dan Campbell's a psycho and it was I, speaking of Baden Hutchinson by the way. I love that the Lions had a report out that, so first of all he had no nerve or ligament damage, which is very good. But then there was the report, which I love whenever this happens, it's a four to six month recovery and the Super Bowl would be just shy of four months. So they said that if the Lions make the Super Bowl don't rule out him being able to come back. I'm gonna say right now I'm gonna rule him out coming back. But I love whenever this happens for a fan base because you gotta give that glimmer of hope.


That's a very nice glimmer of hope they've given him. Like, just, just throw it out there. It just makes you feel a little bit better. We all know the truth. He's not gonna come back. But it doesn't matter. Still say there's a chance I could see Dan Campbell using a roster spot on him though, and then making him captain. Yeah. And then never having him in the game. But he is on the sidelines in full pads. Right. I mean, he is just, you, you're asking him to come back from a severely broken leg in less time than what it should be and be effective. But again, doesn't matter. You gotta still, you gotta still give him that hope. It's, it's basically the dumb and dumber that you're saying there's a chance. Yeah, I guess technically there is. But would you want him back if you're Lions fan? No, I want, because You, you probably get like 40% Aiden Hutchinson with a good chance of him doing something bad to either that same leg or his other leg overcompensating.


Or you could just not play him and take the fact that you could still make the Super Bowl without him. Right. No, don don't want him back. I want the idea that he could be back. Because in your head when you hear that, you think of Aiden Hutchison picking up exactly where he left off, where he was gonna probably be defensive player of the year. And that's a really cool thing to just have in your head. Even though it's fantasy land. We all live in fantasy land. We all like to live to, to jump into fantasy land every now and then and just be like, yeah, we could could be the biggest free agent signing ever in Super Bowl bi week. You Get the Yeah. The defensive player of the year back. Yeah. I saw some, some rumor out there that they had either inquired about or the Saints were considering trading Chase Young.


Let me tell you if you No, are the Detroit Lines. Yeah. You don't want that. No. You don't want Chase Young. He looks awesome. Chase Young is probably the guy who looks the coolest and looks the most athletic compared to what he actually does on the field. Correct. I don't think that that would fit well in that system. The the, we were, we were having that debate the other day. It Sean Oakman was the other name thrown out there. Yeah. For like what he looks like verse production from what he actually is. Right. I feel like Chase Young is tops in the NFL of that right now. Yeah. By the way, I just want to do breaking moves real quick because this should actually be Breaking Moves. Hank has just alerted to me, we, we do Barstool Sports advisors every single week.


Stu and Stu and myself. And then this week we had a picks competition between Brandon and and Jerry. So it's four of us picking games. We pick five games heading into Sunday night football. The entire panel is a combined, oh and 16 That rocks. That is a historic, that historic moment. That's hard to do. That's just as hard as 16 and oh That's just as hard as, Or different people too. That's Just as hard as 16. So who Has, you Would think someone would pick the opposite of the other person. No. Like that person's wrong. The other person's Right. So who But no, what do you guys have for tonight's game? Steelers? I have, I have the Jets. Oh, I'm on the Steelers. So I don't know. You might not wanna take the Steelers now.


I'm statistically due. Yeah, But I mean when you're hot, you're hot. When you're cold, you're cold. We actually, so the only way, because it's the three of us And, we all pick different things. The only way Brandon and I have opposite sides, he has the Steelers. So I guess there's, there's gonna be at least one winner. There's gonna be, what's the spread? One and a half is what we had it on a Wednesday. So you're gonna go one in 17? We're gonna go. Well no Jerry has the under so you, okay. We could even go one and 18. We could even put two. We could put two together. We could, because it could go under and and Jets or under in Steelers it could get two full wins. That's incredible. What a day. I knew too going into this week I was like, I had a great week last week.


I'm gonna suck this week. I Think on Friday the show we actually said at the start of the show, if you did well last week. Yeah. Just don't bet this week Still jumped right in. Yeah, still jumped right in. Okay. Anything else? Oh, hats Off to Vegas. Hats off to Vegas. They Did it. They did It again. You guys, you know what you're doing by the way. Shout out to Jake Bates, the kicker for the Lions who, first of all he did, after he kicked the game winning field goal, he did the boom, the big justice AJ boom dance, which is, that's the new touchdown dance or field goal dance. He also had this to say afterwards, he said 18 months ago I thought I was done with football. I was working as a brick salesman in Houston. That's a good line of business. That's awesome.


That's a good line of business to be in. Good for him. Him and Mincy both brick salesmen, brick Salesman pays well. Yeah. But. yeah. That's pretty cool story. How do you, how Do you sell bricks? I mean I know how you sell one kind of them But. Yeah, I think it's probably don don't know the, the strength of them. Like you probably have some bricks that are stronger than others. Yeah. It's like you, you just show up and you're like, do you want the good bricks or you want the bad bricks? Yeah. Here take my knife. Yeah. Try this brick. Yeah, it's Like the cut co-sale people. Yeah. You bring a hammer, you're like, try to break this brake. Yeah, you can't, can't do It. Go ahead. Okay, next game. Packers. Oh by the way, both these teams I feel like are gonna go to the playoffs and both these teams are very, very good.


So I'm not, I I like Vikings as much as that game probably suck, especially the way it went down that you were up late and you, you get that David Montgomery fumble and you're like, holy shit, we're gonna win this game. 'cause it flipped back and forth constantly. It was like Vikings up, big Lions come back up, big Vikings back up and then Lions win the game late. But I think both these teams are, are both very good teams. What If once a year Brian Flores was like, you know what, I'm not gonna blitz at all this week. They expect me to blitz on like 60% of the plays. I'm just not gonna do it. Yeah. We're just gonna run base. That was what I was saying. That would fuck you up. If I were a head coach, I would fake punt every single time until the playoffs. And then I would start real punting Like Jared Goff.


No One would expect It would run, play action. He, he turns his back to the line of scrimmage. He fakes the handoff and then he turns around expecting it to be a blitz. And he is like, what the fuck? There's so many guys out there. Yeah. It would make him think for a second. Yeah, That's true. Also, Ben Johnson, I forgot to mention this. He was asked, I think it was midweek, someone asked him about like, Hey did you, do you feel like you emptied the playbook a little too much against the Cowboys? He was like, the well is very deep. I love that. Like we, we we're good. We're gonna get really fucking weird with him. We're gonna get weird. He's like, don't worry, let's see this thing is unlimited. He's got an unlimited coffee cup of Yeah, here it is. Ben Johnson on Trick Plays. I'm not worried about putting things on tape. If anything it's gonna set up the next thing down the road.


The well is deep. I love that. So yeah. So they're gonna have pine then lateral a ball after he catches the pitchback To another Lineman. Yeah. I love that. So they're playing the lion or they're playing the Titans at home. Do you feel like that's a let's get freaky with a game? No, that's just run. Run the straight shit and just fuck 'em up. Lions at Packers. That might be a freaky game. That might be A freak. And then Lions at t Lions of Texans to me feels like a very freak, freaky freak. That could be a freaky game because they're going back to Texas. Yeah. And they're like, oh we Always get freaky. We're close enough to cowboys. Yeah. We gotta really make their their cousins feel it too. Something in the air down here. Yeah. Just gets me all riled up. Alright. Speaking of Packers 24, Texans 22 me max.


Not over uniforms. They looked like over uniforms for like the whole entire fucking Game. They did. I Think they score 33 points in the first half And. it Was crazy. They were scoring so many points. And then the Texans, the Texans offensive line is bad. CJ Raub was not good today. But I also can say that I'm not, I'm not gonna say CJ Stroud's bad. I think that he's got some issues, but he was under attack it felt like on every single play. And then we also had at the end of the game, Teko Ryans and Bobby sleek with some head scratching clock management play calling to end the game because they basically decided to settle for a field goal when there was a minute and 45 seconds left and didn't make the Packers burn all three of their timeouts.


If you're gonna do the, Hey, let's run it up the gut for no yards. You gotta make sure they at least burn all their time out. You gotta commit one way or the other. They ran it up the gut two times for no yards and then ran an out route that in best case scenario, he catches. I don't remember who was targeting that. Might've been digs, may might've been take Dale. In the best case scenario, he catches him and goes out of bounds and you still don't burn all their timeouts. Yeah, it was, it was very bizarre At the end of the game there, I, I think the Texans will be okay 'cause their defense is very, very banged up. So yeah, I wouldn't, again, I kind of put this in the same box as I put the Vikings loss in. It's like you lost, you lost a tough game against a good opponent.


You probably did a couple things that screwed yourself over a little bit. I just, I I would, if I were Texans fans sitting there watching the end of that game, I would be very frustrated with the way that they managed the end of the game because it was, you know that Jordan Love is good enough to take them down the field for a field goal. If that's all he needs, you gotta try to score a touchdown. And I get it like you're, you're also trying to get them to burn timeouts but get a little bit creative where they, it felt like they just threw away the first and second down place. Maybe they watched a lot of tape on the Packers and they said, we don't really care if Jordan love's gonna drive down the field for a field goal because they're gonna miss the field goal. But they got forgetting the fact that they got Brandon man who actually is able to make field goals. Yes. And I think, did their old kicker miss an extra point today?


Did he, where is he now? I think he did. Is that a Anders, Is he on a team? Think so. He Picked up think I think so. Alright. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He is on the Niners. Yeah, he did, he missed an extra point. Yeah. So there you go. So I think they just got caught watching tape from the Packers games of old and didn't realize they got a new kicker. Yeah. I just, I that was a, that was a winnable game for the Texans at the end. And they weren't able to do it. They ran the ball. Joe Mixon is really fucking good and when they get Nico Collins back. But that was a measuring stick game and they failed the measuring stick. I know they're banged up, but their offensive line is a problem. Okay. So in the second half, this is, so you Shot through for 86 yards. This is kind of a recurring theme for the Texans and also I think a recurring theme for the Packers.


That the Texans second half offense is atrocious. They're really bad with the exception of last week. Last week they scored 27 points, but before that, like they've been dog shit in the second half. And the Packer's defense has been lights out in the second half. Yep. You just got second half. Yeah, You got second half. You got second half. 80, 86 Yards is shocking though for CJ Stroud Jordan Love. Yeah. It's very shocking. Jordan Love is just Brett Favre and I know that, that, that's actually a bad thing because Brett Fav obviously is a hall of Famer won MVPs, won a Super Bowl, but Jordan Love. Now we still have to play the Monday night game with Baker Mayfield. But Jordan Love has missed two games this year. He leads the league in touchdowns and interceptions.


That's cool. 15 touchdowns, seven interceptions. That's very cool. I I maybe there's maybe did Mahome throw a second one? I don't know. But either way he, he leads it, he's tied I think with Baker with 15 touchdown passes. But that's, he is Brett Farber and he missed two games. He's missed two games this year. I Got a question for you. Big Cat. Are interceptions good now? I like my quarterbacks to throw at least one or two. Are they good? Are they the best thing? 'cause I'm gonna look up right now. Who's leading the league in interceptions from the quarterback position? Is it Patrick Mahomes still Patrick Mahome? Well no, it's international Jordan Love. Yeah, Jordan Love. Why am an asshole? 'cause You just talk about how Bad Jalen hurts is when he throws interception. I would, no, we would, we're consistent on this show. Yeah.


We would never do that. So Patrick, well also It doesn't, that doesn't sound like us Also listen that that was like two months ago. That was preseason Max doesn't make a difference. We're talking regular Started And, we started throwing a lot of interception, And, we talking regular season ball. Then you guys kept saying how, but here's how it works. Well It's also the fumbles. Here's how it works. When, when Patrick Mahomes starts doing a lot of anything, that thing actually becomes good. Yeah. So Patrick Mahomes hadn't shown us the light that interceptions were good when Jalen Hertz was doing it. Correct. Not because he wanted to be like more like Patrick Mahomes, but just because he was a bad quarterback. Yeah. He's showing us Yes. The the new way to, to do this. Aaron Rogers started throwing interceptions just this year. Great quarterback Paul. Great quarterback. Yeah. P ft had a thousand stats about it.


About what Aaron Rogers throwing picks. Yeah. I mean they were mean, he's probably trying to copy Patrick Mahomes, who's the trailblazer and Jordan Love is, is caught onto the new trend. But I also like the fact that Josh Allen refuses to go with the trends. Yeah. 'cause he's a man's man. He's a man of principles. He walks alone And he'll stand by himself. 'cause he believes in it. Yeah. But. yeah. Jordan, that's a man of conviction. Jordan Loves, I mean, he's, he fills up the stat sheet. He throws pics, throws touchdowns. I So how would you power rank the NFC North right now in terms of confidence to go deep in the playoffs? I will, I I I am very, I'll be very unbiased.


I think the Bears have the longest shot. I'm not, I'm not fooling myself here. I would say Lions number one. Yeah. And then I would say, I think I'm gonna say the Packers number two. Right. Isn't it Crazy? And the Vikings number three. But the thing is, I wouldn't be shocked if the Packers played against the Vikings in the playoffs and knocked them out. Barely. But I'm just saying it's crazy that the Vikings were five and oh going into this week. And the NFC North is good, is so good that I would rank them third in terms of confidence to make a deep run. But still, could they make the NFC championship game? Absolutely. Yeah. I just think that they, But it would probably be against the Lions, against The Lions think or the Packers. I think the Lions would beat them.


Whichever team has home field in the NFC championship game. If there's two NFC North teams playing each other, that's the team I'm gonna go with. The Packers defense is very good. They, I mean they were all over CJ Stroud all afternoon. This is why you should tell coaches to fuck off when they tell you that it takes several years to turn a team around. Yeah. The defense just went from being just absolute garbage over the last couple seasons to being very, very good now. Yeah. No, Jeff Halfly has, has got them humming and Romeo jobs also. It feels like they figured that out because he had two, two catches I think on the field goal drive to end the game that were huge, including one that I still don't know if he caught or fumbled Or both.


Yeah. No one knows. No one knows. It was impossible to tell. I also don't know if that was, was it challenge or not? D Dko. Ryan's, here's a little tip. And if we have him back on, we, we did love having him on and I, I think he is a good coach. You just in a tight game, you can never go home with two timeouts in your back pocket because that, that's such an easy way for idiots like us to be like, bro, two timeouts in your back pocket. Even though At the end we are trying to get them to bleed more of the clock. So you weren't gonna use your timeout outside, but, But when the Packers had the ball, try to use maybe a timeout so that you get a shot back. At the very least, maybe take a timeout so you can take a look at what they're doing on offense. Just anything. Yeah. Just slow it down for a second. I do like you, they used one timeout to ice the, the Icing.


The icing at the end. Yeah. Yeah. Also, we should have mentioned Josh Jacobs. Congratulations. He caught a a, a touchdown pass. He Did. Shocking that he hasn't done that yet. 211 receptions. 1,556 yards before he caught his first touchdown pass. And then the other running back touchdown story. Joe Mixon. Joe Mixon scores a touchdown, jumps into the stands. Does a Lambo leap in the end zone? The fan, I thought was completely within his rights Correct. To, to push him back. Right. Yeah. Well, Packers fans are scumbags. We all know that. Well that fan's probably an owner, so that's technically kind of his stadium. True. So you can, you can keep a man out of your house if you want to. He shoved him back. That fan then got ejected from the game.


He did. I don't, I don't like that. And if anything, he should get a promotion, move down one row. Yeah. You're, you're defending the wall. You're literally, You're defending the wall. Yes. This Is your job. Quite Literally. As a fan, I know every team think they score at Lambo field. They want to do the Lambo leap. You have to be prepared that you're entering a hostile crowd at that situation. You can't, you can't expect Packers fans to welcome you with open arms. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I stand With that fan. He is a scumbag. Yeah, but I stand with him. It was, he was within his rights to do so. Yeah. But he's still a scumbag. That's fair. But he was doing his job. Literally. Yeah. Okay. Next up, Bengals 21.


Browns 14. Big story, obviously from this game is Deshaun Watson tor his Achilles. Hate To see it. Listen, you never root for injuries. And I say, I said, you never root for in. Yeah. You never root for injuries. Well, don't point at me, you, You never root, you never root for injuries. You never root for injuries. And that's pretty much what I have to say about, yeah. About Deshaun. The only thing is, why was Jamis not starting today? Was he not, or why, what? Excuse me. Why was Jamis Winston the emergency quarterback today? I don't know. He's been the backup every game This season, the fans have started chant for Jamis. There was a lot of speculation that maybe Stefanski was told, put Jamis as the emergency so that fans can't ask him to get into the game.


Yeah. So he was the emergency third string quarterback today. And then who then got In and then got in because there was then an injury to DT R's finger or thumb. So he might be out too. Yeah. The, the, it was the first time since 2008 that a team had three different players attempt 10 or more pass attempts. That's pretty wild. It was the Chiefs in 2008. Do you, do you think you can name one of the three quarterbacks On the Chiefs in 2008? Brody Croyle? Yes. Okay. I remember that game. Brody Croyle, Matt Castle. No, It's Brody Croyle. Damon Huard and TT Tyler Thigpen.


Yes. Let's go But. yeah. Deshaun Watson. The entire fans. I think there was a report from Ben Baby, our friend Ben Baby. They cheered when he went down. I got no problem with that. We had a weird, it was basically Deshaun, Watson, Goes, Down. Everyone. I didn't, I didn't cheer for it, but I was, I definitely sat there being like, well, yeah, I mean, why Yeah, he's a bad guy. don don't, I'm not gonna be like, oh, Boohoo, Deshaun Watson. But then we had the reaction, the reaction. Chase Daniel came, tried to, tried to jump in front of it being like, why would anyone, I feel really bad for Deshaun Watson. It's sick that people are happy about this.


I don't have any problem with people being happy about it either. They might've been happier because they're getting one step closer to Jamis. Yeah. To Jamis. Also, miles Garrett. Maybe not the best quote. Yeah. He said after the game, Deshaun Watson has been a model citizen through college. And most of the pros that most of really is covering a lot of things up, Doing a lot of work right there. Most and tech. But technically he might be right like You. Yeah. If, if you look at from a mathematical perspective, the percentage of time that Deshaun Watson was not sexually assaulting people to the amount of time that he was, I'd say it's probably at least 67%. He's got his hands clean. Yeah. Like if Deshaun Watson has been in the NFL for, call it don don't know.


I don't know how many days. Let's say 2000 days. I mean, he probably don don't know how many massages. If it's 200 massages, that would mean that 90% of the time he was in the NFL. Yeah. Most of the time. But they don't wanna talk about that Big Cat. They don't wanna talk about that. They don't wanna talk about all the days that you weren't raping somebody. Yeah. So that was, that was a weird quote from Miles Garrett. Either way, it feels like the Browns like they, if they can start jameis, which they should now they're gonna have fun. Yeah. It'll be a fun season. And I don't know if you were gonna, you were probably gonna start Jamis, right? Even if, if DT R was healthy. I think so. I That would Be So confused by the Jamus emergency quarterback. It would be such a weird thing for Stefanski to have to explain. How come your third string quarterback is now starting?


What are you gonna say? Like, he had a great week of practice. So I, I promoted him. Don don't know. DT R's not good. And I seems like a nice guy, but, and I liked watching him at UCLA. He's not good Jamis. He, he was in for like a half a quarter through a touchdown pass. Yeah. And a two point conversion. Yeah. He's fun. He's good. He's fun. And he has awesome, he had awesome glasses on after the game. He did. And, and he said all the right things. Yeah. Like, I actually, I understand why the Browns would say that because if you're a Cleveland Browns player, you step on that field every weekend, there's a chance that you could get injured and you know that it sucks to get injured. Correct. So you don't wanna see your own fans cheering for one of your teammates to get injured. I I I'm not mad at the Browns for saying that either. Yeah. If you're, but I'm also not mad at Browns fans.


Right. If you're a teammate of Deshaun Watson, I understand you trying to come to his defense. Yeah. But you also have to understand where the fans are coming from. And the fans have every right to be like, fuck this guy. Did Johnny Phanta have anything to Say? Oh, I don't know. He did. I kind of want to hear PTA's take on this, because I feel like Phantom might join in chastising the Browns fans. Oh. Because He's a stirring the pot of misery. Oh, this is a good title. What's the noise that makes me stir that pot? Stirring the pot of misery. Misery. Tough. Really tough. Brutal weekend to be a Cleveland sports fan. Oh, oh yeah.


We've got scars. They run deep. And it's hard for anybody to really empathize, fight on. It's the only way the Cleveland sports fans know how to go about it. From 11 and six to one and six 11 and six to one and six. And on this day, you allowed in your house rivalry game, first division game of the season, the opposing team, which hadn't won in that stadium for years to run the opening kickoff back for a touchdown. And at that point, you felt like the game was over And. we went through the formality for the next four quarters.


But it was, you hate to see anybody get hurt. And for Deshaun Watson, that's horrible. And you wish him the best in his recovery. Oh, That was nice. As for the football team, the pre-snap penalties in week seven are unacceptable. And they fall on the coach. Now I have been pro Kevin Stefanki. Right. I, I like Kevin. But whatever this scheme is, there is none. Right. It makes no sense. It's week seven. You have multiple, we're not talking one or two. We're talking 3, 4, 5 illegal shift, illegal motion, illegal.


This, we're making up new penalties, new flags. Gun stop. That can't continue. This is professional football. Now you're probably trying to lose, you're one in six. You need to draft a quarterback. Let's call it what? It's you. You've got a tank. It's in the best interest of your organization. Continue to lose. The saddest part about this is, I feel bad for Nick Chubb who made his way back to play hard. I feel bad for Miles, Gary. Not saying that I don't feel too bad for too many other guys, but I feel bad for, for the stars of this team, a playoff team a year ago that now sit in this pit of misery up next the Ravens.


Mm mm I gotta find me a pumpkin patch. Oh no. Johnny, Johnny, Johnny. Johnny Danta. Why is he trying to find a pumpkin patch? Don? Don't know. Just get away from it all. Yeah, Take a walk. It was awesome that Nick Chubb scored. Nick Chubb's an awesome dude. It's cool that he scored. Yeah. Vibes are back with Nick Chubb. But. yeah. Sean Watson. Just And. it is funny, we were saying in the gambling cave that we, watching sports gives you the dumbest knowledge about injuries. Where we saw it And, we all were like, instantly. Yep. That's an Achilles. Achilles. 'cause you see how the cat, the calf muscle kind of contracted there.


Yeah. It Basically, Kevin Durant took us all to medical school when he, when his Achilles popped against the raptors in the NBA finals. Yeah. And. we all felt like Drake. Yeah. Oh, no, no, no. Oh, not Deshaun. Come on. The Bengals are quietly putting together. Now let me ask you this question. Actually, lemme pose it this way. Are is the Bengals defense back, or did they play Daniel Jones and Deshaun Watson? I think it, so I think they played Daniel Jones and Deshaun Watson. But I think now they believe that they can play well. So it doesn't matter. They also have done well against the run, which you can, that's not Daniel Jones and Deshaun Watson as much. Although you can game plan knowing those guys as the quarterbacks But. yeah. If you're a Bengals fan, this is the fixes.


The last two weeks, they've helped both teams to under 14 points. If the Bengals hold everyone to under 14 points for the rest of the season, they're gonna win the Super Bowl. Yeah. So just keep doing that and keep maybe playing Desha Watson and Daniel Jones. I, I think that if it was just one week, they could revert back to being the Bengals that we saw earlier on defense. But for some dumb reason, when I see it two weekends in row, I'm like, okay, now it's a trend. Yeah. If they Just not believe in 'em, if they just keep putting together weeks like this next week. Ooh. They play the Eagles. That's gonna be a test. That'll be a test. That will be a find out if it was Daniel Jones and Deshaun Watson, or if the Bengals defense is back, the both Of those teams, you can ask the same question. By the way, What You can find out if it's Daniel Jones.


Oh yeah. True Watson. That's ex, because you guys just played Deshaun Watson, Daniel Jones. So we're gonna find out if any of this, this would be great if you guys played it like a 10 10 tie. And we're like, maybe they're, they're just better than those two Tee Jon Hertz. Like a lot. Throw a lot of picks. Yeah. Jamar out on Chase. Not in the past two Weeks. That's true. Jamar Chase's Allen Iverson's. Step over was badass. Yeah. That Was nasty. That was, that was a nasty little celebration. The step over. I'm all in favor of it. I'm sure that Roger Godell is gonna think about maybe making that a penalty next year. Yeah. It should not be. The step over is great when you can pull it off and then it's on the other guy. I also think that the other guy, if you get stepped over, you should be allowed to punch him right in the nuts during the step over.


Or PanAm Or PanAm. And that's fine too. A Good paning. But It's the, it's the best move that you can do. It's just so, Ima you ever do it to your pet. Step Over. Yeah. It's so awesome. They look at you. You get that same vibe from him. You're like, I just dominated you. Step over. Let's play. Who's Line is anyway? Hank DraftKings Sports book. You, you have your phone this week. Yep. So you're, you're, you've given up the no phone. I thought we were doing boomers, so I had it ready. Oh, okay. Eagles Bengals Eagles at Bengals. I think it's Eagles app. Bengals. Oh, wrong. Eagles at Bengals. So this is the, did they just play Deshaun Watson, James Jones? Or are they Good Bull?


I'm gonna say Bengals minus two and a half. So the be, so let's just talk it out real quick. The Eagles, the Bengals beat the Browns better than the Eagles did. Yeah, but the Eagles beat the Giants better than the Bengals did. Okay. But Wait. And they're both more recent. Oh, man. Yeah. I'm gonna say, would you say Bengals minus two and a half? Two and a half. I'll say Bengals minus one and a half. Bengals minus two. Okay. Okay. We split it. Love that. That feels good. We j we know Ball. That was good analysis. We know Ball big time.


We have, this is gonna be fun to figure it out. We're gonna get a great answer. I do sympathize with what Johnny Fantas said about walking into the stadium, like the opening kickoff return for a touchdown. Oh, there's nothing worse as a fan than walking into the stadium before you even see the green of the grass. Maybe you're like a couple minutes late for kickoff and you sit down at your seat and you're already losing by a touchdown. Yeah. That's a, that's a, a sign your day's not even, you don't even have a chance for your day to be good at that point. Yeah, It's absolutely true. The dynamic kickoff. Just air right out of it. Yeah. Air right out of the, the entire Building. Do you see what Trump said about the kickoff? What'd he say? Took a direct shot at our boy Sam Schwartzstein. Oh no. He said it's ugly.


It's ugly. He called Sam's kickoff ugly. Yeah. Although we're getting more kickoff returns. Aren, We're getting more kickoff. He's talking about the kickoffs that aren't returned. He thinks it's ugly. I agree with that, I think. But the whole point was to get more kickoff return touchdowns. I agree a hundred percent. I think that when it's kicked outta bounds for a touchback, it's very ugly. It's very ugly play. Yeah. But when it's returned for a touchdown, it's one of the most beautiful plays in sports. Yeah. The Kickoff went from like a solid seven to now a five in some light and a 10 in some other Light. Yeah. When the kickoff, when it wears, its when it smiles more. Yeah. Then it's really, really attractive when it, When it, when it wears something really fancy. Yeah. Kickoff looks great. Looks great. Damn. Check out that chick. Yeah.


Look At that Chick. Look at that chick. Shout out to guys at the IU College football show. Who had a sign that said, titty fucking is overrated. Max was getting a lot of support from the cave. Yeah. When you stepped out Big Cat. I was, I was Trying to hold What about titty? Fucking Yeah. About titty. Fucking, oh, PFD also had an all time terrible take. What was it? don? Don't know if It, you can't count that as a take. Yes, it was. What was the take? Jayden Daniels came out in a a com Commander's hoodie and Sweat fans. You always talk about Jayden Daniels on this podcast. A Commander's hoodie and a commander's sweatpants. Okay. And chagos all p fts in street clothes. And PFT had the hardest stance that they weren't street clothes because they were team is, it was team issued gear.


But that's just a saying. It was a, it was a jump. It was a jumpsuit. Right. So it was like the tracksuit that you wear on the sidelines, like all the training staff, all that. I've always said that street clothes is, if you're wearing clothes that you would wear on the, like to the game. And then ES ESPN tweeted like an hour later. Yeah. Yeah. Jay Daniels was on The sideline in street clothes. Street Clothes. Yeah. Saying Street clothes to me is like, you're wearing a, a blazer or a turtleneck. No, it's, Or sweatshirt and jeans. When you come back out, you're in street clothes. I, I always thought that it was like, yeah, I know the saying, but I, when they say this guy's in street clothes watching the game in the NBA, there's always a guy on the bench and he is wearing like a shirt and, but if a guy gets But injured and comes back, they'll say street clothes and he'll usually be wearing like sweatpants.


Don don't know. Well, yeah, sweatpants, but not the team issued. I I was already team issued sweatpants. I don't know why I'm already don Don't know why I'm still arguing about this. Even though I've been proven wrong. Yes. I'm defending my take that I know is wrong because there's something of deep, deep down that I want it to be true. Also, you of all people should say that those are street clothes. Well, no, that point got brought up too. It's like p ft wears. Do You wear those? You get stressed. Like he's six years old every day. Street clothes. I said again, that's a valid point. That's a valid Point. Are Your street clothes the haters? Honestly, they get things right from time to time. Who saying? And they Nailed that one. Who saying, who's saying titty? Fuckings overrated in the cave. Everyone, everyone. Everyone was everyone except for me. Yeah. Nick Smokes. Well, Nicky Smokes is a king of bad opinions. Yeah. It was really Nick Smokes and Stephen Shea, which is probably Negative.


Great. That's awesome. That, that makes me feel very confident. Okay. Next up Colts. Actually, let's do a couple ads then. We'll then, we'll, we'll get to the Colts Dolphins PFT.


Yeah. Before we get to Colts Dolphin Dolphins, it's brought to you by our great friends over at Gametime Football Seasons here. We can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime. It's the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. Check out the Gametime Picks feature. Hank can you pull up Gametime picks and let's see what Monday night. What are we working with for the, for the Ravens game, I'd like to see that with Gametime Picks, you get the best seats. You get the lowest prices. You know how much we love Gametime. They've got that brand new feature. They're making it easier than ever to get to a game With Gametime picks, they filter out the fluff. They only show you incredible deals on great seats, so you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Hank, what are we looking at for Monday night Football For looking? You can get in for as cheap as 1 0 5. And I'm looking right now. There's a super deal lower level end zone Road G for $211. I love that. I love that. Probably get on TV in the lower level. Gametime picks. They've got the best seats. They've got the best deals too that they highlight for you. With Gametime picks, just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen, or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. So what are you waiting for? Go get those Ravens tickets right now with Gametime picks Download, the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? It's Gametime.


Part of my take is also sponsored by BetterHelp. Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies? And ghosts Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. Because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place and holding ourselves back. If you're thinking of starting therapy, please give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire. You get matched with a licensed therapist. You can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Overcome your fears with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash pmt today. Get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/pmt.


Okay. Colts 16. Dolphins 10. This game was tough to watch. Yeah, very. I will try to be nicer about Anthony Richardson for a second. He used his legs Well. Yeah, but he also refuses to slide. I I don't think they've even had the conversation with him about Sliding. Yeah. Yeah. He's gonna run and it's gonna be electric when he does. And then he's going to use his face mask to try to stiff arm a defensive back. And, but he made, here's another positive thing. He made it through the game. Yep. And they won the game. So that's good for young QBs confidence. But the throwing thing is still very tough.


It is Tough. You won the game, but you also kind of beat Tim Boyle. Yeah. So Tim Boyle being the backup. Nice guy. Nice guy. Very Nice guy. Nice guy. Much As good as he is as a quarterback. He's an even better human being. I I, I'll say this about Tim Boyle and I don't know him, but I feel like he probably would prefer not to have to play. If you were the third string quarterback not named Jamis, would you wanna play? No. I, I think that like, so you can't be critical of Tim Boyle because if you hit Tim Boyle Tru Serum, he'd be like, dude, don don't want to get in either. And how do you even evaluate this game if you're a Dolphins fan? You have Tim Boyle closing it out.


Tyler Huntley looked good on the first drive, I guess, but, and they ran the ball until they fumbled everywhere. And most certain ingled fumbled. You can't be mad at Tim Boyle. Right? No. I like I'm saying like Tim Boyle is probably sitting there like, dude, I don't want play. I want to, I have a very nice life as the, what was the third string quarterback then became the backup quarterback. It would be so much better if I could just live my life, have an awesome time being in the NFL locker room, catching a paycheck. I can walk away and be like, Hey, I played in the NFL, which still, it's like when we ever lov on Tim Boyle is still at 0.0001% of football players ever. And Tim Boyle is probably the first one to be like, God damnit Tim Boyle's in. Tim Boyle sucks.


Yeah. Like, he doesn't wanna play. He feels just like you do. Yeah. He's, he's not, he's not being like, Hey, it's Tim Boyle time. Call my number. Yeah. I want to get in there. I wanna fucking tb. I, did he change his number? He was TB 12. Yeah. Is TB 14 now? It's TB 14 Now. Now if you're a Colts fan, enjoy the win. You guys won a football game. Hard to do in the NFL. Right? You're in the mix. You're, you're definitely in the mix. Your defense looked pretty good today. I guess you can say it didn't fuck up too badly today. No, but it's Tim Boyle. It's Tim Boyle. But you didn't, you didn't ruin it. No. You made Tim Boyle look like Tim Boyle, which is all you can hope for. Yeah. So don don't wanna rain on your parade, but there was a, a sad stat that came out after the game. Oh no. Comparing Anthony Richardson with Joe Flocko this season.


Oh no. Five games for Anthony Richardson. Three for Joe Flocko passing yards. 783 for Anthony Richardson. 716 for Joe past touchdowns, three for Anthony Richardson. Seven for Joe Flacco interceptions. Six for Anthony Richardson, one for Joe F Flaco. Completion percentage 48.5 for Anthony Richardson. 65.7 for Joe Flaco. Yeah. Joe Flaco did say, I think this week that Anthony Richardson should play because that's the only way he's going to, if he ever gets better, it's not gonna happen on the sidelines. Which Joe Flacco's a great guy. We already knew that.


And again, I don't want to beat up, they won the game. So you have to like a win's a win. Maybe this gives him confidence being like, find a way to win these games. But it's everything that I've thought before is the throwing the ball is very important if for a quarterback and he doesn't do it very well. That to me is how you know that Joe Flocko was the true quarterback of this team. Yeah. When he's saying, you, you should play the guy that's not as good as me. Yeah. So that he can get better and help the team be better. That's a guy that can make your team better. Yeah. Yeah. It will be interesting to see if they tread water and they're in a spot. 'cause right now they're seven seed. If the playoffs started today, if they tread water and it's like, Hey, maybe we should play Joe Flacco.


'cause they play the Texans and the Vikings coming up. And those are pretty good defenses. So that might not go well. And then the Bills and the Jet. Oh shit. The Sco Texans. Vikings Bills Jets Lions. That's not gonna be Easy. No. That might not help. Anthony Richardson's progress. Texans Vikings. Bills Bills Jets Jets Lions Lions. That's, that's not a good stretch. That's Not a great stretch for AR 15. The Colts also had a little mishap before the game. Jim Oray we're big fans of his on this podcast. Yes. Huge. His, his only job I think during game days is to determine whether or not the roof is gonna be open or closed. We all stay glued to our smartphones on Thursdays.


When he makes that announcement. It's all I can think About. If the roof is gonna be open or if the window's gonna be open. He said it was gonna be a roof open day, which is huge. The roof, it's a, it's a big factor in the Colt's recent success. When it's roof open games, they tend to wipe the floor of their opponents. The roof didn't open today. Oh no. There's a, a big malfunction with the roof. don don't know what this means going forward. This is probably the last roof open game that you can have on the season and the stadium Let him down today. Oh no. And so something to keep your eye on. Okay. So we got him. The roof might be malfunctioning, but also the roof's fighting back Maybe. But also this might give Jim Rcci just a project to work on. Yeah. So he's not gonna be doing any other bad stuff. He's just gonna be focused on fixing the roof.


The roof. So that might be a good thing. Now Don't go up on the roof, Jim. Yeah, Well he might. Yeah, but that would be dangerous. Yeah, don't do it. Alright. Eagles 28, Giants three max. The Saquon revenge game worked out perfectly. Set 176 yards a touchdown. The Saquon Barkley had 176 yards. And the New York Giants offense had 119 total yards. If you're trying to script up revenge games, that really can't go better than that. Yeah. Yeah. He's keeping, he's keeping Mr. Mera up at night. Yeah.


So losing Sleep over it. And he was booed. He was booed. So the, the no boo was wrong. No, that was not what we were debating. You said whether Eagles fans would boo Oh yeah, yeah. Obvi. Well, I, I think Eagles fans probably did Boo. 'cause like I said, I'm consistent. They, they just heard a boo and they joined in. Disagree. He also was pretty shaken up. He, he said that as he was walking in, he saw Giants fans burning his jersey in the parking lot. And he said, he was like, I've never seen that before with my own eyes and I hope I never see it again. I mean that's was what, that seemed a little Dramatic. Yeah, it does. It seems like Giants fans.


What was that serious? It feels like Giants fans were trying, He was like laughing about it. Oh yeah. He was like, okay. All right. So he was joking. Yeah. It feels like Giants fans were trying to take back some of the narrative and the Saquon thing and turn this hatred that they have or the disappointment they have in their own franchise into just hating Saquon instead. So, and just pointing out and be like, fuck that guy. So Jason Kelsey had a tweet that, that everyone was responding to. And he said, for the life of me, I don't understand why Giants fans hate Saquon for what happened and not the Giants organization for the fact he's an eagle. They've absolutely no one to blame other than the Giants ownership and management decisions for why he is no longer a giant. True. But fans don't.


If if the MAs Mr. Mara, sorry. Yeah. Came out in New Jersey, he would be booed. He doesn't come out in New Jersey. The only outlet they have to boo the MAs and the organization is via Saquon. So I completely understand why some Giants fans were booing Saquon Barkley. That's the, that's their outlet. Yeah, that's What I'm saying. They're displacing their frustration and they're, they're like, we see Saquon. Maybe they weren't booing Saquon. Maybe they were booing what Saquon represents. Yeah. Fact that you were on the Eagles deserves to be booed. Yeah. Yeah. They hate the Eagles. Yeah. Yeah. But they, so it makes perfect sense. They Might have been booing Saquon because he represents the fact that the ownership let him go.


And I I, so that's how they're Booing him. Yeah. And I like Jason Kelsey, we we're gonna have him on at some point, right? Max? Yeah. You're the booker. You can, you can book it. I'm not, I'm not the booker, But you could help book it. Either way. Jason Kelsey is a, a, I'll say a friend of the show. 'cause we've met him a couple times. This is one of those moments where he's been on the show, the show. He has been on the show way back in the day. This is one of those moments where a guy was, he doesn't fully understand the fan's perspective and it's not no fault of his. Like he doesn't understand that. Fans just have to boo. Yeah. You have to let fans boo. Otherwise they like, it's like the erectile dysfunction commercials. Like if you don't boo for, you know, multiple weeks, you should see a doctor.


Yeah. A booze or lose it. Yeah. Right. He did also go into saying the tweet obviously understand their hate of the Eagles and desire for him not to. Yeah. So he Gets it. Yeah. He gets it. But I, I was not surprised that some fans booed. I just know that Saquon just dominated them today. Dominated them. And you knew what was gonna happen too. Yeah. It like this was, he was stepped into the Boston Scott role very nicely today. Yeah. And the Eagles defense looked good. They sacked Daniel Jones eight times. Eight times. Yeah. Bryce Huff even got a couple. Bryce Huff got one. Jalen Carter had two. Dean had two. The Giants offensive line sucks, especially now that Andrew Thomas is out. Oh yeah. And how are we feeling State of the Eagles now?


It felt good to, to get a blowout win. We haven't seen one of those in a really long time. It was nice to like watch football without any stress. We had, we were sitting next to each other. We both had Eagles minus three. It was basically over, well they still didn't score a point in the first quarter, which is insane that they haven't scored a point in the first quarter all year. And they're four. And that's crazy. But it was still nice to just like, have a pretty stress-free Sunday also. So Siri keeps his job. Yeah. Good. Good day for Sirianni. Oh good. Good day for Sirianni. We Need to have just a, a tracker. It's, he's, he's like the smoke coming out of the Vatican. Ani gets to keep his job one more Week. Yeah. No. And I get to, I get to be fluid with my thoughts on Sirianni.


A hundred percent. I want that. I want that on the record. Yes. Does He, does he get any credit for this? Yeah, for sure. I also wanna say Quinnie Mitchell is amazing. Okay. He's our, he's our rookie. Put it on the record. Our, Our rookie corner. Like he, he, he should be in the conversation Toledo for defensive rookie. Toledo. Toledo. He's, He's so good. He had neighbors locked up all day. Yeah. So everything's good right now. Yeah. No, today, today was good. Today was a good day. You beat a bad team soundly. Which that makes, that still counts. And It And it makes you feel good. Right. Because we've been playing bad teams and not beating them soundly. Yes. So it's good when you do see that.


Yeah. And it's also awesome when your star running back goes home and just absolutely dominates this form of Yeah. Did you take any extra pleasure knowing that there's probably a, a significant amount of Mets fans that are also Giants? Yes. Although it's mostly Met play. I know it's Mets Jess, but I I'm assuming that there's still a lot. No, there's both. Yeah. Yeah. They're all, they, I feel like they all flip flop And. it was more so like we, but it doesn't really mean they still have the last laugh. They beat us. They beat us in the play. And the NBA, they beat us in MMLB. Yeah. We had a regular season win against the fucking Giants who fucking suck The Giants. Just feel like they have been in disaster franchise mode for an extended, extended period of time.


Now It's like at the end of Eli's career moving forward. Yeah. And it's, it's very bizarre because you have two Super Bowls in the last whatever it is, 16, 17 years. So you can't be like, oh, they are a total dumpster fire. But since the Super Bowls, they are a dumpster fire and a, a truly atrocious organization. I Also, their defense is gonna win them a couple more games this day. Dexter Lawrence is A monster and so is Brian Burns. Yeah. Their D line is very good. And Will like, I don't think that they're going to be like a, I'm trying like, I'm like, I think that they're like, they should be trying to lose more than they are. Yeah. Like them going out and spending all, all the capital to get Brian Burns is crazy to me.


Yeah. Like why did they do that? The, and they, Daniel Jones is, I mean he was, he was under duress the entire game. But. yeah. He's not, he's not the quarterback going forward. I think we've all agreed on that. Right. Like he's not gonna be Yeah. They need need to figure something out. Yeah. They gotta figure something out. And That's, even Bel did a, he did a Drew Drew lock spark today. Yep. The spark. He says Spark. That's, That's what I'm saying. I think that, think He fumbled twice At the end of the season. You have to move on from Jones. But I hope they keep Bel Yeah. And I'm not saying that as a commander, I'm saying that like just as a fan of ball Yeah. As a fan of high quality football and, and the right people being in the right positions. You know, I love that.


And I think that Brian Dbol is, he should stick around. Don't put all this on him. Yeah. Agreed. Agreed. Alright. So Max feeling good Foreign. Two big game against the Bengals. Huge game against the Bengals. Huge game against the Bengals. But. yeah. Big game against Bengals. The only thing to say, But you, it feels like you're back in on the season a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Four and two. Four and two is four and two, it's, it's good Record. It's good. Well put. Love that And. we just gotta go into Cincinnati next week. Beat the Bengals five and two and then, And just, and and Jalen Hertz has not thrown an interception in the last two games. Big. Is that good? Huge. Nor nor fumble. No. It might be bad. He's not taking the wrist that he should just think about it that way.


There were times I was, I was getting mad at Jalen today in the first half and then he threw that deep ball to AJ Brown, which was just right on the money. Yeah. On fourth down that just see, I, I saved the season. I think the Eagles roster is still good. You guys were just very, very injured. And having both AJ Brown out and Devonte out. That's, that's Huge. And Lane Johnson. And Lane Johnson. Yes. Those are ma three. Probably the three outta the four guys that you could stand to lose the least on offense. Yeah. No, it's crazy. Like all of the fire, the coach like panic of the Eagles this season and now, now they're Just, yeah. Where's that coming from? Just Four two. No, no. Like I'm saying that in myself. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Next game. Bill's 34, Titans 10.


Josh Allen's hundredth start in the NFL. Congrats him. He's got 68 wins. He's the sixth most through, that's the sixth most wins through a hundred starts all time. And he is third all time for most total touchdowns through a hundred starts. Aaron Rogers 241 Patrick from Holmes 237. Josh Allen 236. Pretty good company. It's a great company. And no interceptions this season, so he's having maybe his best season taking care of the ball. The bad Josh isn't around as much. Yeah. And this was a, a weird game because you thought it was maybe a very sleepy spot for the Bills. They were down 10, nothing. The offense looked bad. Defense didn't look good. And then they just were like, oh yeah, we're the Bills, we're gonna throttle them.


34 unanswered. I saw a stat that the Titans had ran 11 plays in the third quarter for 11 total yards. That's gross. So they just fucked him up on both sides of the ball. And Amari Cooper got going. He did? Yeah. Scored a touchdown. What was the stat like after Deshaun Watson got taken outta the game, he all of a sudden got good at football during his game. Yeah. It's like he knew. Yeah. He knew that something the, the bad man's gone. Yeah. He's not gonna hurt you anymore. Yeah. And he just went off. Yeah. So it's nice to see Marty Cooper playing Well. Yeah, it is. Because I'm sure that he's, he's dealt with some bullshit in his career and Yeah, Josh, I think Josh Allen is maybe having his best season ever. He's Playing lights out and Keon Coleman looks like a real dude now too.


Yeah. And it. So like this was, they, he had a big, big catch 125 yards. So their offense, you know, they still have to, there, there still was that two, two game blip on, you know, the Ravens and Texans back to back. But we'll see when is their next big, big game. But They didn't play that bad against the Texans. No. That was a winnable game. Josh wasn't very good in that game. Yeah. But he also was con concuss. We're not, and people are gonna say that was some, that was me glazing, whatever. Well, when I say that Josh is having his best season, I'm saying that for years. All everyone says like, if you can just get Josh to limit the turnover plays, blah, blah, blah. That's what he is doing. That's what he is doing right now. So you can either like it when he just goes hog wild and does crazy shit all the time and throws a lot of interceptive balls.


Or he can like what he's doing right now. Do you think So Will Levi has a shoulder injury? Mason Rudolph started, I was actually nervous. I thought, 'cause I bet the Bills and then I was like, oh shit. Mason Rudolph's gonna play this might be a competent Titans team. Titans are just Bad. Yeah. Bad vibes. Real bad vibes with the Titans and Andre Hopkins. He had one target this week. I think he had six yards. Okay. He's gotta be gone. Right. You gotta trade him. They gotta be, they're they're doing whatever the quiet firing of him is. They're just Yeah. You can go out there. But please for the love of God, don't get hurt because we want to help the Chiefs win another Super Bowl this year. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he, well Calvin Ridley too.


Yeah. He, he probably is gonna get traded and maybe he won't get don. Don't know. Titans should probably give up. Yeah. A little bit. And they have kind of given up, but they should officially give Up. This is what you get when you fire rapes. Yeah. Look at it. We like Brian Callahan. He's been dealt not a great hand. Yeah. A full rebuild. But. yeah. The, the Bills. This was, this was one of those games where I was like, the Bills should kill the Titans and they ended up killing the Titans. So it feels good to at least know a little bit of ball When this game, it was like the, you could always say the Titans, they'll at least beat you up a little bit physically on defense. Yeah. And this one was like even the defense. They've had enough. Yeah. Maybe the defense has had enough of watching the Titans offense. Yeah. And they got just as sick of it as we have.


Yeah. They're no moss. Yeah. No moss. Okay. Last one for the early slates, Seahawks 34, Falcons 14. This was our Kirk Cousins off day game. I, I think I said it in the first quarter. He threw a couple passes that were just not accurate. And I was like, Ooh, he doesn't look, he doesn't look sharp today. And they did actually the second half. It, it felt like the Falcons were gonna be back in the game. They marched down the field and then the wheels just came off with the fumble. Two picks just the Falcons and they burned a great Bijan Robinson Day. Yeah. What did I tell you about the Seahawks defense? Yeah. I feel like they, they weren't far away. They, They gave up a, a decent amount of yards, but they started turning, you know, taking the ball away, which can change anything.


Defense. Yeah. This was a trap game for Kirk. Yeah. This is when he said, walk in the trap. Take over your trap. Did anybody tell Kirk Cousins that it's a home game? Mm. Well, no, he said that about the Panthers. Okay. I thought he was talking about this weekend. No, Remember we, we, we had the memes took ownership for screwing up the graphic. Oh yeah, that's right. That's what made me confused. Yeah. You probably confused a lot of people out there. Memes. Yeah, He did. I, I think I confused A ton. Yeah, he a ton of people Because it would, it would make no sense for him to say that when another team is trying to walk into his trap and take over his trap. Gino also is, he is fun when, when he can, has time to throw that touchdown passed. DK at the end of the first half is dk.


Okay. By the way, did he get carted off? I can never know when he gets carted off if he's just going to take a shit or not. don Don't know if he, he got carted off. I Think I saw of image of him on a cart. I did not see that part. I did see DK with one of the best blocks of the, of the week where he just used one arm and he stiff armed a guy with one arm and just stood there like, just standing perfectly still. Yeah. Like a security guard. The court. He was, he was little boy in him. Yeah. Keeping, keeping the cornerback away. Trying to make a tackle. DK just stands there upright with one arm. It's just like, no, no, you're not gonna tackle him. Yeah. So they're saying maybe, sorry, Too many, too many dudes in here. Maybe A MCL strain. So yeah, he got carted off. That's not good.


That's not, We're optimistic at this point. Doesn't look too bad. That's good. We, Mike McDonald Said that. Okay. Not looking too bad. Yeah. Seahawks are fun though. They have so many guys. They're Yeah, they're wide receivers and they're Bobo. It's also just fun to say Bobo Bobo. Kenneth Walker. But. yeah. This was another one where I know that I had a terrible week, but I saw this one coming. Whereas the Falcons were riding a little too high. You know, they won a couple big games and beat up on the Panthers and the Seahawks. This was Hungry dogs that run faster. Hank this Seahawks needed this win very badly. I think these are two very similar teams. Yeah. Very, very similar. Probably not gonna go deep. Deep. Could win a wild card game. Could be, could give someone some fits in the divisional round.


Unless they play a team from the NFC North. Yeah. Or yeah. Yeah. But they could maybe be up in the divisional round, But they could also Test their Ceiling. They could host a divisional round game against a wild card team from the NFC North that would beat the fuck outta them. Correct. That would take over their track. Yeah. 'cause one of, yeah. They could easily win their di their respective divisions. Yeah. Okay. Anything else from this game? Let's do a couple more ads and we'll do afternoon games. Maybe talk some playoff baseball as well and Sunday night football. Yeah.


Before we get to the rest of the games. They're brought to you by Uber Eats where you can get almost anything. Uber Eats is the best. I use Uber Eats. I've had hand up. I've had a, a bad, bad problem for probably the last two years. It's become worse in the last month. I can't stop ordering food that gets sent to another location. So I did that twice last week. Once a week before. When I'm at the office, I order it to my house. When I'm at my house, I order it to the office. The Uber Eats. It lets me know I've switched fully over to Uber Eats and I have not had that problem in seven calendar days. It's working for me. It's football season. Uber Eats. It's dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites like Little Caesar's if you're craving even more, we've got you covered. Game day deals on burgers, tacos, wings, and more. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand food delivery Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms. Taxes and fees apply. See app for details this week. Enjoy. Buy one Ultimate Supreme. Get one extra most bestest pepperoni pizza free from Little Cassar only on Uber Eats. That's a great deal. Go check 'em out. They've got awesome deals all the time on Uber Eats. It's the best way to order food.


This podcast is also brought to you by the Farmer's dog. We all love our dogs. They complete us And. we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to keep them healthy and keep them happy. That's where the Farmer's dog comes in. The Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food right to your door. It's developed by vets. It's nutritionally balanced and made from real meat, real veggies to satisfy to safety standards of human food. The Farmer's dog isn't just fresh high quality food. They also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog based on their unique nutritional needs. Makes it easy to help your dog maintain their ideal weight, which is one of the biggest indicators of a full healthy life. Dogs at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs do. Blake is on the farmer's dog. Stella has been on the Farmer's dog for years. Got a compliment at the dog park on Saturday. Lady asked about Blake, she said, where do you feed him? He looks really, really good. I said, feed him Farmer's dog. She said, do you like it? I said, he loves it. Can't get enough of this stuff. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt. Get 50% off. That's half off at The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt.


Okay. Afternoon games. Stinkers. Yep. Stinkers. But we've gotta start Pft, your Commanders 40. Panthers seven. Are you? Where are we at? So how are We feeling? Well, so Jayden's mom tweeted out. He's fine. Okay, that's Good. So if Jayden's mom, I'm going to Jayden's mom for all of my Jayden News. I've, I subscribed to her x.com post about it x.com, the everything app. It's all happening on X. So I'm following her on there. And then I also had to follow her on Instagram too, just in case she broke news there first. Smart, smart. So I'm all over that. I just, I feel like the Panthers really wasted the, the Bryce Young doing the scout team impression of Jayden Daniels.


'cause Jay Daniels was out after one play. Yes. So this game was over. They weren't prepared for Marcus. Marcus Mariota. They don't, they don't have anybody on the roster that can emulate him as well as Jayden. I hope he's okay. It was, I don't wanna say it was boring because it was an ass kicking and our offense looked good without Jayden. It's fun to play the Panthers. People Are asking if Jayden Daniels the system quarterback. If he is, then I fucking love the system. Yeah, but you just Gotta keep Cliff Kingsbury. We Gotta keep Cliff. Yeah. But a good performance by the defense today. Defense played really, really well. Again, we played the Panthers, but the Panthers offense hasn't always been that bad this season. They've had a couple good games here and there. So, so I have a question for you about the Marcus Mariota thing because I know that if, if, if that had happened to me in, in Tyson be came in and looked awesome, my mentions would just be flooded with people being like, kale Williams actually sucks.


Yep. Anyone could do it. There's Enough body Of evidence. Is that, was that happening to you? I chose to not look at my mention before. Smart. That's very smart. But The, the time that I did, I saw and I saw you guys getting tagged in a lot, is Jayden Daniels a system quarterback? Maybe just mute the word system for a couple days. I might. Mute System is Jayden Daniel are the, are the Commanders better without Jaden Daniels? I Don't. You knew that was coming. 'cause that's just how the internet has to work. Well, I, I also, I tweeted out that not getting to watch Jaden makes me wanna memes myself. And then I got reported to actually Twitter reached, excuse me, X reached out to me with a safety notification. We're writing to you because a concerned individual has recently alerted to us to potentially suicidal or self-harming comments posted on your account.


Mm. How do they know what memes myself even means they're Listeners. It's not just self-harm, it's also blowing up the entire NFL office. Yeah, that's true. But there's A lot. But I think it's, it's a rib of some sort. He has a rib confirmed. I will give Jayden Daniels one of my ribs. I volunteer as tribute. You can remove one of my ribs, put it in Jayden's Sternum and then just sew him up. And hopefully he'll be fine. But it could be worse. It could be worse. When he went, when he went out at first I was like very concerned. 'cause I've seen this movie before with the quarterback. Right. But don don't think that it's don don't think that it's anything super long term. So, so do you think he's gonna play next week? I Think he could have come back and played today, but we're playing. We need him to play next Week.


He has to play. Yeah. No suck if he doesn't play next week. Yes. I hope that he plays next week. If he's healthy. I'm, I'm concerned about his long-term health right now. Yeah. I He's gotta play next week though. For America. For this show. For this show and for America Specifically for this show and the ratings of this show, And, we Need that. Just this show. We need that. Yeah. But. yeah. I think our defense played awesome. Our running game look good again, again, we've played the Panthers. I Mean the Panthers are so they've re they've reached levels that are like, 'cause we, we talked about it on Friday, but Andy Dalton, he gave him that one game bump that's way long gone. I don't know why they don't just play Bryce Young anymore. Bryce Young could easily throw a Pick six in another pick to put him in a big hole and then the game be over in the first quarter.


He could have done that. Yeah, he could have. And so Andy Dalton had 93 yards, two interceptions, no touchdowns. Well he threw a touchdown to you guys. Threw A touchdown to us. Pick six right off the bat was really nice. I I truly enjoyed that. And also, again, if our defense can somehow learn how to be good, then that's gonna be incredible for the season. Because our defense, I know for a fact they're not good, but they played really good today. Yeah. So I'm happy with that. Andy Dalton, I feel like putting Bryce Young back in, I don't know if that's really solves anything or if that's even good for Bryce Young, but What, but what's the alternative? Like you're gonna lose anyway. Yeah. Andy Dalton, nice guy, recurring guest.


Love to have him on when he retires again. But you're gonna lose anyway. What, what's the downside of, it's kind of similar to the Anthony Richardson where it's like, play him and see what you got. What's what, what's the word? Where are you gonna end up that's different than where you are right now? Okay, so I, 'cause if he's bad, you're at the exact same spot. My theory is that the Panthers aren't doing it because they're trying to trade Bryce Young. He's not, he doesn't have trade value, But he could potentially get injured. I'm sure that there's some team out there that would give up like a sixth or a seventh, maybe a seventh Round. But that's not worth, try a six to me is not worth the, whatever you wanna call it, 2% chance that Bryce Young, something happens where he just figured it out and he's good.


Would You say that you know Ball better than David Tepper? Because I think you probably do. I do. So David Tepper might not be thinking about it in that mindset. It's just, it makes no sense to me. David Tepper probably thinks that he's worth like a third round pick. The, the other part of it is, is like Dave Canales, you just got hired. I don't think you're gonna get fired after one year. Like it doesn't seem like that's gonna be the case. 'cause you, you got hired into a shitty situation. So it, it would be like, I would understand it if it was a guy who was three years into the deal as a head coach and he's like, we have to win games in order for me to keep my job. Andy Dalton probably gives us the best chance, even though he's not giving you a chance anymore, then it would make sense. But none of it makes sense. Dave Canales like the best possible outcome for all of this is Bryce Young.


Again, it's probably a 2% chance is somehow good. Every other outcome you've already kind of figured out. And, it all sucks. I would like to formally remove the tag quarterback whisperer from Dave Canals for at least one full season. Yeah. So like in the off season when the Panthers get a new quarterback in, you're not allowed to call Dave Canals a quarterback whisper. I'd agree. I'd agree. You Lost that privilege. I'd agree. You were brought in to whisper to Bryce and you did not whisper effectively enough to Bryce. The Panthers have given up 279 points through six games. Or have they played seven? They, I think they maybe have played seven. They played seven. They played seven. That's the most since 1954 through seven weeks. That's pretty crazy. It's Not all on the quarterback. Now some of those are from short fields.


Some of those are from pick sixes like we saw Today. Yeah, no, the they're DI guess the way I'd sum up the Panthers, and I'm sorry, Panthers fans, but they also know this, their defense is atrocious. Their offense is slightly better than atrocious. Yeah. Yeah. At times their offense is, I, I'd say serviceable. Yeah. But it's kind of not even anymore. It was in that Raiders game. Yeah. They look good in those pants though. Today. The Commanders pants off the commander's pants. The yellow pants are great. Wear those every single day. That was The best pants matchup of the day. Easily, easily, without doubt. Best pants up. Were they, were they both throwback pants? They might've been, I think they were both throwback pants. Yeah. Mander can't have throwbacks. They should do Throwbacks though.


What do you mean? Oh, You're talking, you're talking to the skins. Skins. Just call 'em the skins. Yeah. Why not call 'em the skins? But it was Darryl Game Day. Todays That was nice. Everyone has skin. We, we were talking about it earlier, but we were looking ahead at the schedule, and on Sunday, November 10th, there is a game being played in Munich, Germany. Between the Giants and the Panthers. We're finally even for World War ii. That's, that is, oh my God. We got 'em back. Big Cat. Wait, are the pan? Nope. The Panthers don't have a buy next week. I was hoping that they maybe had a buy so we could just be away from them for a week. Just Go scrimmage. The Dolphins. Yeah. This, this is, and then the Saints in two weeks for the Panthers, that's gonna be a Nobody believes in one bull.


That might be Derek Carr coming back, beating the fuck outta the Panthers. Yeah. And being like, are the saints good again? Yeah. It's just a sad state. I feel bad for Panthers fans, but I, I'm, I'll stand on the, I'll stand on a soapbox and say, why not start Bryce Young? There's nothing, there's no alternative that is worse than what's happening right now. Bryce Young can come in and be godawful and nothing will change. Right. I I, I think the only thing you have to lose is potentially a low draft pick And. It's, it's And it, It's low as it could be. That's about it. Yeah. Well, there's also the risk that you, you trade him for another backup quarterback on a different team, and then you bring that guy in and all of a sudden he's good on the Panthers with quarterback whisper. Dave canals.


Dave canals, and then you ruin your draft pick. Yeah. So that's an issue. Or Like the Browns should just trade for him right now. Although we want jam to start. Yeah. We want Jamis. We want jam for sure. Now, I, I would like to formally open up if you're a Panthers fan, all aboard the bandwagon. Yeah. I'm, I'm accepting anybody on the commander's bandwagon Right now. Oh, okay. That's very nice of You. Yeah. If you want to root for the Commanders, please. The more the merrier. I'm down for it. The Panthers don't even have the first pick right now. Who does? That's even sad. Who does the Patriots? Oh Yeah. That's Good. Hank. That's really sad. The Panthers don't even have the first pick. 'cause their strength of schedule is too good. Well, you can't screw up the first pick. If you're the Panthers, then yeah, I guess that's True. Not bad. I guess that's true. I just want Jayden to be healthy.


I want him to be okay. We're five and two, which is awesome. He's Gotta play. So We're still first place in the division. Happy about that. I want Jayden to be healthy. I hope that he plays, I think judging from how he was signaling touchdown on the sidelines, I think he's gonna be okay. The long-term health is important, but more important is him playing next week. To some people. You have to be, you, you have to be in that camp. Yes. But I don't want him to get hurt more this week. The last eight months of this show have revolved around Sunday. Yeah. That around You. You have to, well, I don't know what message you can send, but he, it's just, it's the Super Bowl. I'll do my best. I'll do, I think he's fine. He has To me just said he has to play.


You saw how he put his two hands up. Right? It was funny watching you. You look good. I mean, it's not funny because I hope he's okay. And, and I did. Right away I was like, I think it's ribs, which is way better than any alternative. But when he went down on that run at the goal line and you were like, no, he was going down anyway. And I I was very relatable moment where you just had to, you were just, your mind was racing. I was gonna just say things until I was proven opposite. Yeah, that's, that's kind of how I was gonna operate. Chase said that he thought he, maybe he got a wood chip in his underneath his jersey, Which makes no sense. I said, Chey like a playground. How did he get a wood chip? He said, don don't know. Maybe he stopped by by a playground at some point today. That would've been awesome. They take him back. They put him in the X-ray machine and they're like, yeah, you got a wood chip, Jayden.


What the fuck? You got a wood chip in your machine? Yeah. I'm gonna you a prescription for one bath. Yeah. What the hell man? Why are you carrying around this wood chip? That could be dangerous, But I hope he's okay. I think he's okay. Yeah. Okay. Another stinky game. Rams Raiders. Rams 20. Raiders 15 Rams are back ish in the fact that they won off their buy. Antonio Pierce pulled him out with the floor. And I don't wanna bring up Matt Lale 'cause he's doing well and his co his his team is good and all that stuff. But he pulled a Mat LeFlore, Antonio Pierce kicked a field goal down eight on the nine yard line with all three timeouts to make a one score game. A one score game. Yeah. We were watching that in the studio and I thought I was missing something.


Yeah. So I checked with Big Cat, I was like, he shouldn't be kicking this. Right. And it's absolutely fucking not. You should, you should not be kicking that field. No, it makes zero sense. But that's also, it's a very interim head coach type move. He does a lot of things. He's, He is the head coach. Yeah, I Know. But he still very much operates as an interim head coach. Yeah. Like the way that, the way that he runs the team. It's just all about like, you know, being more physical opponent. Covering the spread. Covering the spread. Some points are better than no points. So Antonio Pierce sees that he is like, fort down I, don Dunno, that's kind of scary. If I don't convert this, we lose the ball. Yeah. Might as well kick a meaningless field goal. And then they got the ball back with like a minute left on their own 10.


And Gardner Minsu who came in because I think Aidan O'Connell broke his thumb, which is just another sad chapter in the saddest QB carousel possible. I, they, the Raiders are just so lost. And the Rams, it wasn't like they lit it up, but I think the Rams are close to getting some of their guys back. I feel like Cooper Cup was almost gonna play this week. Yeah.


So if you're, and guess what, reminder to everyone out there, oh, we should play who's Lions anyway for Thursday night Football. We have to take the Rams on Thursday night because they're playing the Vikings who just played the Lions. And that's the new trend. Yep. So Vikings at Rams, whose line is it anyway brought to you by DraftKings? Oh wait, just played What? That's this Thursday? Yeah. This Thursday. Yeah. Shit. Okay. Vikings, I'm gonna say are four point favorites. That sounds pretty good. I'll go, I'll go. Five and a half. It is Vikings minus Three. Ooh. Ooh. And they, they're onto us. Yep. They're on to us. So we gotta take the Rams. I don't want to take the Rams. So we have to take the Rams. Yeah, it's definitely a Rams play. You, You have to, I feel like Yeah, the Rams, they're a very well coached team.


Obviously. They always manage to win a couple games that they shouldn't when they're dealing with injuries. And they're, they have to get less injured. Right. They can't get any more injured than they have been. No. And and if you look at the Ram season, besides that cardinal stinker where it's burned, burned the, the tape and, and bury the football. They've been in every game. They have been, they, you know, their losses are all one score losses. And they've been in every game against some really tough teams. So maybe the Rams can turn the corner. They are my pinky team, but maybe they can turn the corner and they beat the Vikings to get to, to three and four. And that division isn't as locked up as we thought it would be. Three and four. And then go and play the Seahawks. Yeah. And then they got the Dolphins and Patriots.


So the Rams, oh, maybe I'm just talking myself into a team that I know that is not good. Are They your don't look now team? No, they're, they're the, they just beat the Raiders. They're my don't look now team because they don't really like watching. We need, we need like a list of, of teams that we just have on a board. So whenever one team, when a team wins, we just be like, did they, did they, are they back or did they play this team? Yeah, Raiders and the Panthers. Raiders. Panthers. Browns. Maybe. Maybe Browns Jaguars are, I mean, Jaguars are now have two wins. So that kind of changes my don't look. Now, you Know who might be on that list? Saints. Saints? Yeah. Saints are, I think they're on that list.


Saints Could be on that list. Yeah. Just like, just just pause and ask yourself, are they back or do they play this team? Yeah. I Feel like the both the Jaguars and the Patriots are on that list. Yes. So we don't know if the Jags are good because they just played. Yeah. I mean, I know this is all a play on myself because the Bears played half of these teams, which I'm very much aware of and honest about. But I don't care. I don't care. Took Care of business. The Rams are not on that list. No, the Rams are frisky. They beat the Rams bang boom. Titans are on that list. Fuck. They beat the Titans. Yeah. Let's see who else we got on the List. That's the list. I Think that's Giants. Giants could be on that list. Are the giant. We'll find out. Are the Giants? What? What's that face? Max Giants stink.


Yeah, I know. So it's like, are they, is your team back or do they play this team? No. Yeah, I said this. Yeah, I've, I've already said that. Yeah. All right. So we've actually, we've all played these teams. Yeah. A lot of these Teams. Good amount. What are the last, what are the last three? Commanders wins? Two Commanders wins. The Last two commit. Well, today Panther Panthers Panthers. And then before that was the Browns. What are the last two Eagles wins? That would be the Giants and the Browns. And the last two Bears wins. Or the Jaguars in the panther. That's okay. You play Who you play. This is a really bad, you Play who you Play. We just broke the fourth wall. Maybe the NFL just Stinks. Maybe the NFL.


Well guess what? We can't apologize for being four and two. I had a bi week this week. Four and two. Five and two. Four And two. Five and Two. Five and two. 'cause imagine if we were a overall sitting here. That was one in six or two and five. Yikes. Memes is two and five is so much worse. So much worse. I Was About to say two and five is atrocious. The Jets might be on that list too. Yeah. The Jets could be on that list. The Steelers. Are they back? Is Russy back? Or did he play the Jets? See, We don't know. We don't know. Yeah. This is a, oh man, we, this whole room might be it. This room. Are this this room? No, this room might be. Well, no, because I, I, I would like to address that because some people want me to put the Bears on the frauds tag.


I don't think the Bears gonna win the Super Bowl. That people have to understand that year that we called the Vikings frauds. That was because people were saying they could go to the Super Bowl. Yeah. They had a, a negative point differential. The, The Dolphins last year when they beat up on every bad team and lost to the good teams. But everyone's like, they're still like a dangerous team. I was like, no, they're not. I don't think the Bears are a dangerous team yet. In any respect. They have to prove it. They have to beat really good teams. Well, You guys are playoff team right Now. Yeah. But they have to beat good teams. I'm fully transparent about what happens Next Week. I'm just building something. What Happens if it's Jaden versus Caleb? Does the winner that get to say like, that's gonna be, are they good or did they just beat the Bears? Or are they good? Or Did they just beat Beat the Commanders? Yeah. Did they beat the team that just beat the Browns and the Panthers? Or are they good or they just beat the team that beat the Jaguars in the Panthers?


I do feel like the worst teams Are good. Jayden needs to play. Yeah. I want, this Is no joke. My, my day and my entire week is so much better just because of that little like three hour window where I get to watch Jayden Daniels play football. That's why I was bummed out today. Yeah. We kicked the fuck outta the Panthers, which was awesome. Good defense looked good. Running game looked good. A lot of stuff looked good. But I didn't get that three hour window of watching my favorite athlete do unreal shit on the field while wearing the colors that I like to look at on tv. Don don't really care about that. That s me out care about Jayden Daniels versus Caleb Williams. Yeah. don don't care that, I don't care that that's I don't care that you don't care about that. Hey, what Are your thoughts?


We need it. Max brought up a good point though. Maybe the NFL just sucks. Oh. Like half of the teams just suck. Don. Don't think half the teams suck. I think the worst teams, there's, there are a lot of really bad teams right now. All Right, hold on. Let's, let's just let, let's just list. I'm gonna say a team and you tell me if they suck. Okay. Well just Say good or good or bad or No, No. Tell me if they suck. 'cause there's teams that are in the middle. Like the, I mean, the Bengals are not, they don't suck. No, they don't. Yeah. Alright. Or did they just beat the Browns? No, They haven't only be qb. But Colts don't suck. Right. They don't suck. Yes. Colts suck. They suck. Yes. They're they're shitty. They're shitty, but they don't suck. Okay, Here we go. Dolphins suck.


Raiders. They suck. Suck. Jets suck. Jaguars. Hey, There's still time. The Jaguars Suck. Suck. Yeah. Suck. No, they in the suck in the United States. They suck. The Titans suck. Suck. Browns suck. Patriots suck. Okay. That's seven in the a FC Cowboys, They they stink Suck. Yeah. I think they suck. They just got smoked the, it's 'cause we didn't see, I'm just going under 500 seats. I think Cowboys in Bengals are the same. Yeah. I don't think cowboys and Bengals are the same. Cowboys, Bengals, Jets are all I disagree. I think the Bengals are better than all those teams semis. And that's 'cause of the probably qb, I think the Bengals are better than all those teams.


I think the The Cowboys. Yeah. The Cowboys and the Jets are, are very similar. Okay, here we go. Cardinals good. No, they don't suck. They don't suck. Rams No Saints. Yeah. Yes. Giants. Yes. Suck. Panthers suck. So 10 teams suck, but the majority of them are in the A FC. Seven of the 10 teams that suck are in the A FC. The A FFC sucks. Yeah. I think that's what the big, I think that's what we just figured out. The A FC sucks. They do. Yeah. And If you had asked me like three weeks ago, I would've said that the Broncos would be in that list too. Yeah. The Current Rams suck. But they won't suck. I don't think they suck though, because they, again, besides that one loss, they've been, they, they lost less than a touchdown to every other team.


They, they lost the ra, but they lost in overtime to the Lions. They lost by five to the Packers. They lost by six to the bears. Like they don't suck. I do think there's a difference between somebody, a team that sucks and a team that sucks, but has a quarterback that I know is capable of not sucking. Correct. So Matt Stafford, he's very capable of not sucking. That means that the whole team as an entire unit, you can't say that they suck. I think it's 10. I think it's a strong 10. That suck. We didn't count the Rams to suck. You think they suck Ax? I don't. When they get their guys back, I don't think they will. Okay. But I think that, I think that the current Rams suck. Okay. Either way. I think that just proves, yeah, the a FC is bad.


The A FC, you can, it's basically, it's going to be a competition between the Bengals and I don't even think, I think the Bengals are gonna be in the playoffs. It's like the Chiefs, a bunch of teams that think that they can beat the Chiefs and then a bunch of teams that have completely given up on beating the Chiefs and are trying to build for the future. Right. That's the A FC. Right. And then the Ravens. Yeah. Because the Ravens are in that category of they, they are like extra think they could beat the Chiefs. Yeah. But we know they can't. They think they know they can beat the Chiefs. Right. They think that if they just, if they just flex a little bit and run the ball and then forget to run the ball, they could beat the Chiefs. I actually think they know that. They think they can beat the Chiefs. Right.


But then the problem is the Chiefs know that they, the Chiefs know. The Ravens think that they can beat the Chiefs, But they know that they can't. They Know they can't. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Alright, so that was the entire NFL breaking down. Let's talk about the last game actually, second to last game, Chiefs 49 ERs Chiefs 28, 49 ERs 18. I am the idiot who bet against Patrick Mahomes is an underdog now. No, actually I was gonna make an excuse for myself and be like, well, Deebo Samuel played three plays and Brandon IU probably is out for the year, and Juwan Jennings was out. But there is no excuse. I'm just a moron and I should, I should just stop gambling.


Or at least on the Chiefs. No, I just like, if you can't, if you just, if you try to outsmart Patrick, Mahome is underdog. You're just a moron. Which guilty is charge. I'm a fucking moron. And also Andy re off a, I And I learned my lesson last year on in the Super Bowl, and I bet on Patrick Mahome in the Super Bowl. And I just was like, nah, you know what? I've got smarter. The Chiefs were fucking around with the four nine ERs today too. Do you see that play that they ran where it was Carson Wince and Patrick Mahomes in the back? Yeah. On the field. That's what really sucked actually was within like five minutes, I had to watch Jayden get taken outta the game. And then Carson wince on the field on the, On the Chiefs, which Really bummed me out. But they, they ran a play where Carson gave like an inside handoff, and then they had Mahomes trailing around.


I'm gonna predict Andy Reed's next. Fuck shit that he's gonna do. Okay. At some point this season. Yeah. I think he's gonna run a play with Carson Wince and Mahomes on the field at the same time. Little inside handoff. Carson wince to their running back, pitches it back to Mahomes, and then Mahomes throws for a touchdown, maybe even to Carson Winz. Yeah. Or maybe Mahomes throws it to Travis Kel, who then pitches it back to Carson Winz. To Carson Winz. Yeah. Yeah. They're gonna try to run like a, a good fundamentally sound basketball offense where you're not allowed to score until, until every player touches the ball. Yeah. The big story though, here, and I know the Niners are dealing with a lot of injuries, but the Chief's defense is just nasty.


They're just nasty, nasty, nasty. They're nasty boys. They're, they fucked shit up. They stopped the run and they fuck you up. Another way they turned Brock Purdy threw three interceptions. This also, there's a stat that's about the Chiefs defense. And I obviously, I think highly of Patrick Mahomes. He's the best quarterback in the NFL. Patrick Mahomes is the first quarterback since Peyton Manning in 2015 to start six and Oh, with more interceptions than touchdowns. Yeah. And he had two, he had two picks today. He has eight picks on the season. Six touchdowns. Every single, every single game. He's thrown a pick. He's doing the Will Levi.


But it doesn't matter because the chief's defense is awesome. And Patrick Holmes makes plays when he has to. And he also has figured out the perfect way to have everyone not tackle him when he is running along the Sideline. Yeah. Yeah. He, he acts like he's gonna go outta bounds and then players pull up and then he does a little cutback hops forward for like two yards. He's Just, they, they just have a formula. Now that, and I think that Patrick Holmes will get better as the season goes along, and he gets more comfortable with his receivers and Xavier worthy and all that. But it doesn't matter because they'll just win whatever way they have to win. Like Andy Reed's just pounding the rock now, which he historically never did. They ran the ball down their throats 184 yards.


I just, the Chiefs are just inevitable. There's nothing, I mean, what should we predict The Chief's first loss? I don't really know. They're, they're not gonna lose the Raiders next week. I, I wouldn't put it past the Raiders though. No, I would, If there's one team that's, that's not going to pull up on Patrick Mahomes when he goes to the sidelines. That would probably be the Raiders defense. I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say their first loss is gonna happen November 17th against the Bills. And then the Bills are gonna be like, we can beat the Chiefs and then they're gonna lose in the playoffs though. Let's see. Chiefs schedule's, I can see the bucks, buck's making some magic happen. I can't wait to see what the Panthers chief's line's gonna be. 17. I could see the Bucks beating 'em too. Yeah, maybe. But that's, that's in Kansas City and that's a, a Monday night game, so No, you can't, Don't let your, your Stephen Shahan.


I'm not, I'm I'm talking about Patrick Mahomes Monday Night Football. That's show, that's, yeah. There you go. Hank I've got big news on that front. Stephen ch has been released by the Tampa Bay ERs. I love it as a fan in order to gain more people's acceptance of that. I love that. Officially released. That was confirmed to me on Friday by a high level executive at the Bucks. Good, good. Let me read a, a tweet for you and you tell me if this is a good or a bad thing or just, I don't even know what to make of it. This is from Grant Cone who covers the 49 ERs. He said, Kyle Shanahan just lectured Brock Purdy for five minutes at his locker. Purdy listened and said nothing, never seen anything like it.


Are you talking about coaching? I Was the difference between coaching and lecturing The five minutes with nothing per purdy saying nothing back. That's weird. It is kind of strange. Purdy is a, purdy is a very good quarterback when you don't ask him to be your entire offense. And now with all the guys out, he has to really handle a bigger load. And it, it fell apart today. Like he was, he was lost out there. And the Chiefs are just good. C Pola is fucking good. He's c Pola. Is he one one in best coordinators who should never be a head coach again? He's Yes. I, yes I would. Flores Flores Flore. Could be head coach. Could be head coach again.


You could be head coach. It could be head coach. I think Vic Fangio is on that list. I don't know if Flores is gonna be a head coach though, because he's got the lawsuits against the NFL and he's probably gonna be blackballed from that. And there's like lost draft picks and fines and shit. I would say Spagnell is number one. Cliff Kingsbury's on that list. He is, but he will be a head coach again. He will be a head coach Again, there's so many dumb owners in the NFL that Cliff Kingsbury. A million percent will be, I hope he doesn't, I hope he's coordinated for life. But Vic Fan Joe's for sure on That list. Yeah. Fan Joe's on that list. But. yeah. He's Steve Ola, like, just incredible. He might be one of the best defensive coordinators ever. And he was not that great of a head coach. Yeah. Sometimes he can't do it all. Joe Brady, He's hasn't had a chance as a head coach.


True. This is a fair point. True, true. There's one that maybe recently is unemployed that I might put on that list. Oh yeah. Salah Salah. Yeah. Although, Wait, is he a bad head coach or was he just on the Jets? Yeah, it was probably just The Jets. Yeah. We should probably talk about the Jets. So the Steelers kick the shit out of the Jets on Sunday night Football. What was the final score? Memes 35, 16, 15 36. 1537. 15 Lot too little. 38 15. What was it? Where? I'll get the official Russy. 3 7 15 37 15 Russy kind of cooked.


Russy was good, man. He was throwing the moon ball again. He, he sucked in the first quarter. He, he got booed. He was throwing the ball at people's feet. He was getting sacked. It was like, damn, we have seen this Russ before. And then he just started saying, fuck it. I'm gonna throw it up to George Pickens. I'm gonna throw it up to Pat Remo. And the one thing about Russell Wilson is he'll give his guys a chance and he was doing that. And George Pickens can catch literally anything. And the Steelers defense started swarming and the Jets are now two and five. But they hit the Hassan Reddick button. Yep. So that's their excuse this week. Yeah. I Guess it's a reason to be happy, happier than you would've been after This loss.


Who, what are you gonna do next week when you lose? I would just like to apologize to everybody listening. Okay. We suck. Yeah, We suck. We have no identity. We just, we're just a bad football team. I'm beginning to doubt Ulrich's credentials as an interim coach. How I He, He, he couldn't throw the challenge flag. This is the only team in the history of football that has not gotten an interim bump. Yeah. Yeah. There's just no juice anywhere. There's like, when, when one side of the ball's playing good, the other side's playing bad. When the offensive line's playing good. Aaron Rogers plays bad. Aaron Rogers can't turn fucking left.


Can I submit a theory to you memes? Yes. Maybe you're not getting the interim bump because Robert Salah is still secretly coaching the team. Well, his stink is all over the team. Well, He's apparently calling and texting with all the coaches on a daily basis. Who'd you hear that from? That was Collinsworth on the broadcast tonight. That's not good. No. So that's what I'm saying. Like, I don't know if you truly have an interim head coach right now. I don't don don't know what we have. We, we just suck. Well, Is that not weird? Yeah, It is weird. It's so weird. Yeah. That's so weird. And credit to Devonte Adams. Devante Adams a stud. He's a stud. And he made a smart move. He went from a two and five team to a two and five team.


Good for him. Yeah. Yeah. We Traded for a Porsche and brought him into a garage and just let it on fire and to fucking explode. That's A great analogy. His his tackle was so sick. Yeah, he Did, Did Oh, oh, he plays defense now. He didn't give up. You didn't see that. No, I know, but he, well, you don't want Devonte Adams tackling. No. He did everything he needed to do. He can't look left. There was on the interception, that changed the entire game. Literally. So at once that interception happened. The, the game just, Are you talking about the Garrett Wilson? Yeah, the Ga the first Garrett Wilson. Yeah. Where it just hit him in the chest? No, no, No. The first one. Oh, it was over the middle. Oh, short. Oh, beanie got it.


Yeah, beanie Got it. Devonte Adams was just running up the sideline wide open. Oh. And he just couldn't turn left. I have a question. Yeah. Does Garrett Wilson suck? Oh, good Question. I don't think Aaron Wilson sucks. No, don don't think he sucks. I just feel like he's, he's not great. I would say that was the interception that turned everything when the ball went right off of him. And then the Steelers returned it to like the four yard line. I think that was the one that changed the game. You're right. But I'm saying the, the energy You said while we were watching the game, like it was a freaky Friday situation between Russell Wilson. Aaron Rogers. I said that that's, that's, that's where that happened. I think I said that. Did he throw three picks? No, just two. Oh, Okay.


I think it was maybe when he threw it in the ground and just, or missed a wide open receiver. Yeah. He's, or When TJ jumped up swatted with two hands. Yeah. It's, it's bad memes. You guys are just, you're still the Jets. This is, it's so bad. We're, we're as Jets as as possible. Yeah. You, you've, you've reached the, the peak Jets. This is Peak. Where's, where's your defense? Why you guys couldn't make a tackle. It was weird. Well, I, we haven't been able to stop the run all season. Hassan Reddick Reddick fixes this. He also can't stop the run. Oh, shit. Well, that's Bad. Aaron Rogers Achilles screwed up the entire Jets timeline. You think that Yeah.


Everything was great before that Happened. You think that? Yeah. You think you guys Well, I mean, the team was good. Yeah. Were they The defense was good at least. Yeah. Mm. So last year was Zach Wilson after week seven? No, no, no. Bi week. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. These are, these are tainted steps. Are you Two and five right now? Yeah. Zach Wilson was four and three. Oh, that I thought you were gonna talk about the offensive points. Three, four and three. It was four and three. What's the tenure Stat that you didn't want us bring up, Mitch? No, the fucking Trey Wino said through week six, the Jets had the same exact point scored from last season to this season.


Sounds Like a florio to me. Yeah, but they're four. They're four. Stoner. They were four and three Stoner. They were four and three. Yeah. I think the year before that they were five and one. Oh man. So, so bring Zach back. Bring Zach back, I think. No, the defense is on. Those teams were incredible. And now we just can't stop the run. We could put, we could put Max Back there. Six. There were, and He'll, he'll destroy our defense. There were six in I, I'd fucking run run em over. Oh, when you had Mike White in 2021, you were, oh, dude, I, Mike White were, you were two and five. Same record as this year. Memes also was just going through this, this remaining schedule and just telling me wins.


They're like, that's a win. That's a win. Who's a win? Okay's go. Memes pull up. There's no wins left after tonight. No. There's wins. No, there's wins. But there's no, you guys will win another game. You're not hearing what I'm saying though. There's no, oh, that's guaranteed a win. Mm. I see one. Gotta get The Patriots at the end of the year. They have the Patriots Next week. Next Week, next week. Way to be on top of the schedule, Henry. All right. Patriots is a win. Houston Defense could be nasty. No, no, no. We're done with this exercise. Alright. All Lost. We know you're not taking Seriously. Lost, lost, lost. No, no, no, no, no, no. I, I'm refusing to accept that as a loss because you truly think that they can win that game If, if the defense looks better with us on Reddick.


But that's the thing. It's just coming together as a team and they just can't come together as a team. You add Davante Adams, he gets open. You just have to throw him the ball and you can't even look left. Alright, let's do, let's go back to the action. Lose The Patriots. Good question. Great question. Max. At, At New England. I'll I'll see you when I see you. Alright. New England a win win. Houston, We'll go loss. Okay. Arizona Win. Okay. Indianapolis, Sunday night football. We're not great on Prime time. Can they flex that? Yeah, I think so. The Jets have had like a hundred Prime time games. If they flex it win. Okay.


Seattle At home. Win Miami with maybe TA back With Tua at Miami. Miami, Okay. At Jacksonville. Win Los Angeles Ramps, depending who they have back. But isn't their defense terrible? Well, are we? Just say it. You gotta make the playoffs We don. Defense Is terrible. Yeah. Say it win. Okay. Buffalo at Buffalo Loss. Okay. Miami and home Win. So you, and this is like the best case scenario. You have nine wins And we'd miss the playoffs A lot.


Yeah. I don't know. The is bad though. Memes. No. You gotta, you gotta win 'em all. Pretty much. You gotta win 'em all. It's time for to run the table. You gotta run the table. You gotta hit the run the table button. Memes. We have to, we already have to run the table. Well, you your best record, the best record you could go right now is 12 and five. That's winning every single game. You have to imagine that you're gonna lose at least two more games. So that's 10 and seven. And probably you're gonna lose three more games. So that's nine and eight. That would be a, you'd be finishing seven and three And you would finish, sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Seven and three. And you'd finish nine and eight. You gonna go seven and three with this team?


I don't think so. Okay. I think the season's over. Yeah. It might be. I Feel like you have, you can lose to the Patriots and that's when Aaron Rogers smashes the run the table button. Well, after like a devastating loss. And then what Do you do if they, You got a good fine. You know what memes, I'm gonna give you this, I'm gonna give you this. This is a, this is, I, I've said this before on this show, that you have a portal game. Remember I used to talk about portal games where if the, like, I would be like, if the Bears win this game, then it opens up a portal of happiness to where I could see things happening. Okay. The Houston Texans is your portal game. Yeah. You beat the, you beat the Patriots. If you beat the Texans, everything is back. If you lose the Texans, shut it down. That's the port game. And it's just fire sales.


That's the, that, yeah. And you got a fire. Old brick. You got a fire. Old brick. He's me or Max Porto game. Can we play who's line is is in any way for at New England next? Yes. Yes. We keep, we keep just saying what win. Yeah. All. All right.


Rollback question RHO bck.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts rollback.com. Promo code. Take


Hank whose line is anyway, DraftKings. Whose line do you think it is anyway? I Think, I think it's Jets heavily Favored. I think it's Jets minus, I think They're favored by seven and a half. I think we were seven and a half last time at home. Think it's, I'll say five. I think it's Jets minus eight. No Jets minus six. Drake may Jets minus five. Drake may changes it. I'll just go minus three. It Is the New England Patriots plus six and a half. Okay. Okay. Okay. So not a win. Hank, how do you feel about that game, Hank? If you win this game, if you win that, oh my God, this is Hank Super Bowl. Yeah. Wow. This is a portal game for Hank. This Is an what an undercard for, for the Caleb Williams versus Marcus, Mario.


Paul, We just did this. Things are different. We just did The almost And you almost killed me when I walked in the office On that day. Yeah. You you wanted to punch him that night. Yeah. I don't think I'll get to that point this time unless He says something. That was back when the Jets were two and one. Yeah. No, I, I won't punch him this time. It Does feel like a completely different team from a month ago, doesn't it? Yeah. Well, you guys won that game without high night and I don't think you've won since. No, they you they have not. That was their last win. I think We, the only teams we beat are both one in five. Yes. That would be correct. Yeah. Well, actually the Patriots are one in six. One in Six, sorry. Yeah. The tech, the Titans are one in five. Yeah. Beating one in five teams is, is is actually good. That means you're a good team. Yeah.


Well you have to. Yeah. I mean, two in five Is play who you play. I think It's, Russ is back though. I Think the Steelers are good. I do too. The, The defense is obviously they've been good for the last, it feels like five seasons Tonight was a masterclass in Mike Tomlin Voodoo. It was like block kicks, receivers having balls, like bounce off them into to a Steeler's hand batting down balls of the line. Renegade just fucking bumping. Run the Football. Run the football. They ran the fuck outta the Football. And Russell Wilson loves George Pickens. That's the biggest difference. George Pickens probably pretty happy for the first time, maybe in his life after the football game today.


Because Russell Wilson was like, I see George Downfield, I'm just gonna throw the ball up because he can win a one-on-one catch against anybody in the league. Yeah. And keeping him, you have to, he's like a, a child with a DD you have to like snap and be like, Hey, pay attention. Pay attention. Best way to do that is by giving the football all the time. Giving him the football. And I feel like George Pickens respects Russ for the fact that he gets the football and also the fact that George Pickens broke the news Yes. On Friday that Russell Wilson was gonna be starting. I would've loved to see a camera on Mike Tomlin when somebody told him, Hey, listen, George just talked to the media and he gave away your starting quarterback. It it was so, it was back to back stories. Mike Tomlins was like, We don't know who we're going with on Sunday night. And then 20 minutes later, George Pickens was like, yeah, I've been working extra hard with Russell Wilson after practice every day.


Yeah. Yeah. So funny. Which I think maybe Russell Wilson respects George for saying that. Yeah. For naming him as the starting quarterback. He doesn't wanna let him down. Russ Russ was cooking. He was cooking. Russell Wilson throws two touchdowns. Four Hess not afraid to throw it. The middle of the field yard. That's the thing. The Steelers just, they don't use, they've got reverse blinders on where they're like, we're not gonna even glance at the middle of the field if we're throwing a pass. And now Russ was, he was doing that. He was rolling out. He didn't look fast, but he looked more athletic than I thought he would look. Yeah. I think I'm gonna take the Giants though next week now that I'm looking at it because that's, that's a classic Tomlin letdown spot. Is it home or where?


It's home. Are they wearing the block letters? That's big now. The block letters are five and Oh, Those block letters were huge numbers. They were massive. Yeah. Block numbers were massive. Okay. So that's, that's our full week seven. We have a World series. Oh no memes. Is your mic still on? We can talk about the liberty later. Yeah. The liberty is sick. Memes, your mic is still on. It's On. So the Mets lost. The Mets lost. Yeah. Went outside. I thought the Grizzler was gonna save the season. I did too. I really did think the Grizzler was gonna save the season. Incredible run for the Mets. The Dodgers are just so goddamn good. The Dodgers are wagon, they are insanely, insanely good.


It just felt like every at bat, they just grind you down. They beat you up. And, we saw it. Like they, they're, they have hitters everywhere. They got what, what, what's the guy who's just hitting everything now? Max, Edmond, Edmond, Tommy Edmond, Tommy Edmond Outta nowhere. You need one of those Over 800 in the NLCS. That's crazy. And I feel like the Dodgers too, like don don't still even understand what the Dodgers rotation is because they just have so many bullpen arms that are just always warming up and ready to mow people down. I think they just kind of go off vibes and then they're like, we trust our lineup to get more runs. Yeah. So we'll just kind of tread water for a while. Tani, do you see that? Tani is 18 of 23 with runners in scoring position.


It's insane. Yeah. Like that's, that's Well, they show it every time. It is crazy though. That's a, that's a crazy stat. Yeah. And then he stinks leading off. He Stinks leading off and, but they, the Dodgers are an absolute wagon and they're growing up against the Yankees, Yankees, Dodgers. I know there's people who are probably upset about it. I don't, I mean, it's gonna be a good World series. Like they're the two best teams. Yeah. I think if, if it's not a team that you're rooting for in the World Series, you want to have the two best teams with the two most explosive lineups, it's gonna be fun. A couple things that have been funny that I've noticed, one is just purely anecdotal. So I, I think most Yankee fans don't feel this way. But I was doing my Fantasy Corner this morning and a Yankee fan was like, why are people so bitter about the Yankees making the World Series?


And I was just like, are you actually asking me that question? Like, you guys haven't been here long enough that you don't realize that. Like it, the Cowboys and the Yankees are just, everyone just grows up hating them. That's definitely like an 18-year-old that act. Yeah. Like they're, they're called the Evil Empire. Well, they haven't really one shit. Right. So that's a new Yankees fan. But that's just, that's just, you just hate 'em because they always spend the most money. That's just what you do. And don don't really like, don don't hate, hate the Yankees, but it's like, yeah, of course they spend the most money. I actually like some of the guys on the Yankees. But it was a crazy question to just have posed to me. And the other one was everyone and I, this happens with every sport, but being like, I'm gonna say something nice about the Yankees being like, the Yankees had the easiest path in the history of sports.


Hey, that's why you play a regular season. The Yankees got the one seed. The Astros started incredibly slow. And the, the, the one team that can beat the Yankees seems like every year the Astros, they started incredibly slow, had to scratch and claw to be a wild card team. When you're a wild card team, anything can happen, you can lose in the first round. And then the Al Central is a bunch of teams that were good, but they also beat the fuck out of the White Sox all year. So this is like, this is why you play a regular season. Yeah. And also just enjoy the fucking World series between the two best lineups in sports. Correct. It's gonna, it is gonna be a lot of home runs and we're gonna be happier for having watched Juan Soto that at bat last night was one of the coolest things I've ever seen.


He was so locked in and he essentially said, I'm just gonna foul off every pitch until you throw me a fast ball and then I'm gonna hit the fast ball 400 feet. Yeah. Then the, the pitch, but also like, shake My head after every pitch. Yeah. He was like, that's, he does, you could tell he was just locked. I've never seen a batter more locked in. He, he didn't take eye contact off of the pitcher the entire time. First pitch, missed the zone by like I, don Dunno, three inches. And he just stared through the pitcher. So, and you knew, okay, Juan Soda's gonna do his one soda thing, it's not gonna be fair. And then the one fastball that he got was supposed to be above the zone. And then he missed that by like six inches down at the top of the zone. And then Soto turned on it. And. it was just a moonshot.


See, I, yeah, that's the thing is with these Yankees, like, I don't even hate the players on the Yankees. They're not even that hateable. It's just No, I mean, I like Juan Soto. I, I like Soto, I love Rizzo. Like Rizzo, the catcher's. Catcher's got a great look. I, I'll say it. This is crazy. I'm sure I like John Carlo because he's just like, he's a fucking, he looks like the incredible Hulk and he just gets up and just gets a, a piece of the ball. How do feel about 500 yards? How, How do you feel about Aaron Judge? Aaron Judge, I'm kind of hit or miss. I, Aaron Judge, I, I will absolutely a hundred percent say that he is not a true Yankee if he doesn't win a World Series. I, well, that's a Fact. Not a World Series. I think the only guy I really don't like is I don't like Garrett Cole.


And I think it's just because I don't like his shaving face. And I, it's something about his vibe. Yeah. He kinda sacrificed who he was. Yeah. To Become a Yankee. And he always wanted to be a Yankee. There, there was that famous like picture of him at the World Series in like 2001 or something around His own. Yeah. Well also, basically any kid that grew up in that era at some point was a Yankee fan. 'cause they were winning everything. Was it 2009? Yeah, it might've been. Oh no. Gar. Cole's a little older though. Yeah, but you might be right. Garrick Cole's 34, So yeah. Yeah. No. So yeah, it was probably 2001. Yeah. He was a fan of those teams. What? He was like nine years old. He's five years younger than me and Big. Cat. Yeah. Yeah. Juan Soto. Yeah. So like, but it just, and I don't really like the Dodgers either because they spend a lot of money too.


But that's also baseball. Like don don't really, I it is what it is. Like would it be fun if there was some scrappy We had that last year. Well, I guess the Ranger spent a lot of money, but the Diamondbacks. Yeah. Guess what? You say that you want the young scrappy teams and then you don't watch the World Series. This World Series is going to fucking rock two Oh, let's Talk ratings. Let's talk ratings. Best show. Otani versus Aaron. Judge and I, I still don't know don don't know how a pitcher deals with the Yankees lineup. The Soto Judge Giancarlo like three in a row is just, it's insane. If I was a manager, I would just, I would do it all based on Lefty versus Lefty. Righty versus Righty. They were saying last night, they're like, you should watch wa you should walk Juan Soto.


It's like to far Aaron and Judge. But then the Dodgers have a con Betts Yeah. And Freddie Freeman. Yeah. It's crazy. It's, it's going to be awesome. I'm, I'm, I, I know people will hate on this World series, I wish it was a subway series just for our own personal content at Bar Barstool. But this is going to be awesome. And. it also feels like, I'll say this too, it feels like these two teams have been circling each other for like the last five years. And, we finally get it. You know what I mean? Because the Dodgers have won a World series. The Yankees have gone to a bunch of ALCSs. You, you feel like we finally get what we've all wanted is having this matchup. So I'm I'm looking at the, the ratings because that's what we truly care about.


Yeah. Last year, 9.08 million average. Okay. I'm predicting 14 million Whoa. Average for this one. Whoa. That's, that's what what we're talking about. We're talking about ratings. Let's talk about ratings. Talk about ratings, baby. We also, I I should say The Guardians as sad as they went out, that was one of the most exciting five game series of all time. Yeah. I mean, it, it had some thrillers. What, How many did two? The last two games went to Extras. Like it was, we had Walk Offs. It felt like every Game Lead Changes was A lead change. Late and Sase, I don't know what I I That was the series.


Yeah, he he was the series. Did you guys see the, there was the clip of his catcher going around from earlier this year. No. His catcher did an interview and he said that he thought that Kloe was the best pitcher of all time better than Mariano Rivera. I, I want my catcher saying that. Yeah. But I think, I think what, what did he end up giving up six earned runs in these playoffs? I think Mariano Rivera gave up like lavender and runs in his entire career in the playoffs. Yeah. That's that's a bad one. It's a bad one. That's A ride or die catcher. It's A ride or die catcher. But. yeah. I'm excited for this World series. I think it's gonna be a great world series. I think it's gonna be awesome. Yeah. I wanted to go seven.


It's been a great playoffs. It's been a great fucking playoffs. And the Mets were, that was a magical ride. Mets. Maybe you'll get the one thing that's very funny that's going on right now is just Mets fans being like, well we're gonna get Juan Soto. Yeah. So And, it's pissing off Yankees fans so bad. So what do you think Juan Soto's contract is gonna be A billion dollars. I You think it's gonna be more than show has? It could be. I don't know. don don't know. I just said a billion dollars. But I wouldn't be shocked if they were like Juan Soto signs for 12 years. A billion dollars. I mean, It's Scott Boris. So Scott Boris is going to, he will get the most money possible for Juan Soto. And He's still 25. He's 25. I'm he'll make a billion.


I think he's gonna get Oh, For Sure. Easily. I think he's gonna be Shhe contract. Shhe contract to remind you was 10 years, 700 million. He won't Be, he Won't beat show don. Don't think it'll be Shhe because Shhe member is still a pitcher. Yeah, He's two players. Yeah, But what do you think it's gonna be 10 years? I mean, we'll be 10 years, 600 million. It'll be Over 500. Yeah. Even. Well it depends because you can give him so many years. Like that's, that's the difference. Like Shhe is gonna get 10 Shhe only only got 10 years. Like Soto could leg legit could get close to like 13 years. Yeah. What did Bryce get? How many years did Bryce get? I think he got 13.


Yeah. So you could do that. I've got an idea. Bryce Harper got 13 years, 330 million. Honestly, such a steal bargain. Yeah. That's a bargain. Such a Steal. That's an insane steal. Yeah. So, so he, so he could get, Soto could get like 13 years, 750 million I. don no, he won't get that much. I think it's possible. Why not? Because when, when when Shhe signed with the Dodgers, some people were saying like they might not even use him as a pitcher. But here's the thing, max that you're forgetting, he is Shehe was never real or Shehe felt like was never really gonna go to New York. It felt like he was gonna stay in LA and I know that there was LA still had to offer him a ton of money.


Soto, it feels like, love's New York and it's going to be a literal bidding war between the Mets and the Yankees. So he's got the two, the two big dogs just, they're gonna have to get into bidding war. But, but I, I don't know that he has any loyalty to the city of New York. I feel like He seems like he, he's, I'm sure he is enjoying his time there than the World Series. But I think that Soto through Boris is strictly a like highest bidder guy. So that could be the Yankees could very much good possibility is the Mets. But then, I mean don don't want say that the Nationals were getting involved but they might, there's no what? But they might Like PE you can justify show Hay's contract. The next biggest contract is 426 million at 12 years.


Right. But is he 24 Though? But he's 20. You know he's gonna be 20 but still he's gonna be 26 in like two days. Like Juan Soto might be the best baseball player of all Time. So, well TR Trout signed that at 27. Right. So let's Say, but that was what, how many years ago? Six years ago. I get but Mookie just signed this 365 for 12. But Mookie Bets is not one. I'm Saying over 500. I don't think he'll get six. Okay. I think we'll make a bet. Loser has to get a Juan Soto tattoo. If I got a Yankees or Mets, Juan Loser owes Loser. Loser owes the winner. One 10th of one Soda's contract.


Oh. Either way I'm pumped for the, for the World Series. It's gonna be great. It's gonna be fucking great. And. we get to also get stories from the reporters having to travel coast to coast. Yeah. Thoughts and prayers to Them. Thoughts and prayers. The opposite of Subway series. Yeah. Memes. Any last thoughts on the Mets before we finish up with who's back of the week? It was a fun season. I really did think the Grizzler was gonna come through for us. I know Everything lined up, but it was a good season. And when we lost to the better team, if they went, hopefully they win it. 'cause I fucking hate the Yankees. Yeah. And congrats Max. And congrats Max. You were very happy. Yeah, no, I'm really s sorry that we don't get to watch any more Mets games, but there's always next year, I guess Memes is gonna fucking kill one of us.


Like, honestly, Hank, you might have to stand down and not win this game on Sunday. Yeah, just don't win, don't win. Memes are, I'm, I'm just as excited for that game. The more that, the more that I think about it. Memes, Are you more broken up about the Jets? Are you more broken up about the Mets? 'cause I feel like, So some, somebody asked me that last week. They were like, oh, how do you rank it? It's like, if they're, if they're in it, I'm in it. Like, I don't care who's playing. I'm, I'm in it. New York Liberty, whatever. Like, I'm, I'm, I'm a fan. And that's it. There's no ranking. But Jets one, no, it's Jets. You're definitely more upset about Jet Jets one. But like, it's my child. Because you j you just said like the Mets next season. It sounds like there's some optimism if you're a Jets fan or a Mets fan. Yeah.


There's always optimism with the Mets. 'cause it, they're always capable of making this run. The Jets just, No, but it's different this year, isn't it? It's like this is the team that wasn't supposed to do it. And the magical run that you guys went on. I feel like most Mets fans. Yeah. It's Like 2015 met fans that was only Daniel Murphy obviously Bummed out about losing, but at the same time they're like, we have a, a good core team that we can build around. Oh Yeah. There's so much hope We need, we need Jayden Daniels to play And. we need the Patriots to beat the Jets. And I think we might have the most listened to Pardon My Take. We're without a guest Ever. What do, what do you think the formula is for the, for the Commander's Bears game to get the most ratings. It's got, it's, it's gotta be one. One has a perfect passer rating and the other throws five interceptions.


We just need one of you. A blowout is best case scenario. Either way you need one of you to walk away with thinking you have the better quarterback. That's it. Yeah. Yes. One game's not gonna change my opinion. No, It will. Oh. Oh. That thought will seep into your head. It won't. One of you. I guarantee it won't. But the stakes Aren. Whose Eagles playing? We play the Bengals. All right. So you need to get, we need the Eagles to get blown out. Or The Patriots to beat the Jets. Nope. And then one of our quarterbacks to be awful. While the other one's incredible. Hear me out. That will be The most listened to Pardon My Take episode without a guest. Ever hear Me out. Commanders bears three to nothing. Five interceptions amongst the two quarterbacks. Just terrible performances all around.


I hate This Patriots 40 piece. The Jets Drake May five touchdowns. Perfect pass of reading. Oh, That would be phenomenal. That's, that's the formula. Jalen hurts. Jalen hurts. Hammer on the patch. Jalen hurts. Throws four interceptions. Yep. Well, no, but then it's the 1, 2, 3. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Who are the, the Eagles are playing the Bengals. I think regardless. No one cares about the Eagles next week. No. If you get blown out, we'll, we'll make sure that that gets talked about. Sirianni fired and Big do promoted to head coach. Yeah. Sirana cries at midfield and they have to take him out on a stretcher. 'cause he's crying. But it's a road. Like What do you mean? Like he's not, he doesn't have to worry about like the, the fans. Hank's A sick fuck for thinking that he is.


Yeah, you really are. He is. You asked the question perk up. What is the formula? He perk And I gave you the formula. I gave you the answer. Don don't think that's right. You asked the Question. I gave you the correct answer and now you're giving me a X on my test because I don't like the answer. But It's right because It makes me feel bad. He's thinking about the future of this show. I'm thinking about ratings. What's best, what's best for this show think about is ratings. He's being A good executive producer over there. Thank you. Matt. Is that your Official title? I don I don I just gave you I like it. I like it a lot. They don't do anything. Oh, I got one other that Well, no, I'll throw in one other thing. I'm not gonna throw in the other thing. No Throw throw 'em in there. 76 ERs play earlier in that day.


Yeah. Who Cares? We don't root for Injuries. Big Cat? No. Oh, We don. No, we don't. If we're just trying, if we're just trying to figure out what the most radius could possibly be. No, no one will care. No one will care If, if Joel MB plays and then doesn't play again this year, October Sunday, basketball is not gonna get the people like Jade. Everyone wants Jayden and Caleb and Drake made it go off. I just slipped that in there. No, I agree. And Drake made it go off. If Jayden doesn't play every A be punished. Why? You should be punished. You should be punished. True. I already Said I'd give him my ribs. It's your fault if Jayden doesn't play, it's Hank.


Just Hank's like Yeah. If you're an a w sitting out there, you're just hoping that Jayden plays and the Drake may goes off. That's all you're thinking about. He's Gonna Play what a son. I'm gonna report right now. Jay. Jay Daniels. What? That I like That Jane Daniels gonna play. Can I tweet it? Yeah. Alright. Yeah. I'm gonna tweet it right now. Are you gonna credit? Yeah. I'm gonna say PFT has just reported on Pardon My Take that Jane Daniels will be playing Because he knows how much this means to us as a podcast. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And I think that he, that thought has gone through his mind. I should DM his mom to see Something about that. Why don't do the Coors Light ad read. Last one we got. And then I, I'm gonna report this and we'll see what people say. Okay.


Before we get back to part of my take and who's back of the week, it's brought to you by Coors Light. I had exactly three Coors Lights on Saturday. Watching some college football. Took Blake out to a bar, had a great time with the dog in a bar and some blue mountains from Coors Light. Coors Light is the best. And no matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win with Coors Light. 'cause you can go to the PMT Instagram. Tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt. Five winners will be selected every Saturday until 12 seven December 7th. So remember, when rival, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill. Keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold refreshment of Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Literally made to chill. It's cold lager cold. Filtered cold package. It's as crisp and refreshing as the Rockies Perfect for a moment to unwind. Even the biggest rivals Agree. When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game you choose. Chill, then reach for Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate Responsibly Cords Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Okay, I have reported it. Here's what I said. PFT has just reported on Pardon My Take that Jayden Daniels will play next Sunday against the Bears because Jayden knows how important this is to our show. Yep. Please credit PFT commenter and also ask pardon my memes for a Call of duty code. He's giving them away if you tweet at 'em. Okay. That's good. That's good. I think that covered everything. Yeah, I think I got it all. Yeah. Did you add anything about Drake? May I did not. Shit. I forgot about Drake. May do. Add a, add a thread also. Hank wants it clear that most, most also Hank, I don't think you can just say also just so everyone's on the same page. We all And, We all have to show One. Once it reported that everyone is thinking about Drake May 1st and Foremost big Time doing going off.


I'm thinking about Drake May going off right now. It would be great though, seeing just the Patriots destroy the Jets. Drake may Me he noises his mic off three Touches and I'm not even ruining against the mat, the Jets. I wanna make this very clear. I got no ill will towards the Jets. You neither. But I do love seeing you hate the Jets. You're a Florio commenter. You hate the Jets. What do you think I said to Florio? I told 'em to suck my dick. Yeah, but you, you hate the Jets. I don't hate the Jets. I have no, no animosity towards the Jets. The amount of times memes talks about how much you hate the Jets while his mic's off back here. It's The whole show. Is it the whole show? You hate the Jets. You think I hate the Jets. You do too many insult stats.


Well, there's a lot of them. I think you hate the Jets. I don't hate the Jets. Drake may can't go off. I promise you don don't hate the Jets. Okay. I've updated it. I said also Henes wants it reported that he thinks AWS are thinking about Drake may quote unquote going off against the Jets more than the Bears Commanders game. Tune into a great PMT tomorrow. You can hear this reporting in real time. It feels good. Number one, Drake May. Going off number two, Jaden Daniels and Caleb Williams playing against each other. Number three, no injuries in the Sixers game. Number four. Eagles. Nick Siri having a mental breakdown. Do you think we, maybe we get more raid. What if the lighthouse fell over?


This Is the biggest Sunday of our lives. Wait, there's And it landed on on, there's one other big one. There's one other, there's one of their big X factor. Although I don don't know if there's a buy. What Jamis. Oh, is Jamis playing next week? That would that would, that would, this would Be the biggest Sunday of our lives. Yeah. Jameis beating the Ravens. Oh My God. This is the biggest Sunday of our lives. I'll Also be in Madison on Sunday for Penn State, for Penn State, Wisconsin. No, there's a fuck about Penn State Wisconsin. Max Flacco gets in Saturday. That's already happened though. Yeah. But he could do it again. Wow. This is gonna be the biggest Sunday of our lives. And your cowboys play Sunday night until Sunday night football?


Hell Yeah. Right after Drake May goes off. Alright. Who's back of the week? Let's finish it up. My, who's back of the week? I got a couple. First one is Shaw Lela Charles LeClaire. Charles LeClaire F1. He is the United States Grand Prix 2024 champion. Yeah. Oh hell yes. He won the Austin race. Oh Yeah, I saw that race. He won the Austin race. I had it on, we had it on in the, in the gambling cave in the afternoon on one of the screens. Fun to watch. A little F1. I've been watching Drive to Survive. We almost went to the Vegas race last year. P-F-T-I-I wish we had gone and I wish I was going this year. That's happened coming up in a couple weeks. Oh, In the strip, right.


It's back in Vegas this year. They're running it through the strip this time. They have like staying set up in the Bellagio fountain. It, it looks sick. Oh, That's awesome. So F one's back Charlotte cla United, United States Grand Prix champion. When is the Vegas one? Couple weeks. I think November. Oh, nice. I'm Pumped. It's actually definitely November. I just dunno exactly What you're, you're gonna have to give us a rundown on it. I want a full breakdown. Yeah. I'll My other is back. PFT is is you don don't know how you invaded my algorithm. Yeah, but you playing Freebird. There's like a thousand videos. Oh Yeah, I've seen them too. Yeah. Yeah. There's like a, there's, there's like a thousand videos of of accounts that just post you playing Freebird.


It's cool. Well that's, that's, I've seen, I saw one and I've seen 20 this weekend. That Are you talking about on x.com? The everything App on TikTok, And It, zoom everything. App. What's that? Memes. You made my feed too. Oh, cool. Likes I've seen you a bunch. Yeah. It was Like aggregators doing it, right? Yeah. It's like PFT. Yeah. Then everyone in the comments like, this guy should do a podcast. Wait, Like people wait. Hey, hang on, hang on. So it's not like Barsol affiliated Accounts? No, no. It's random. It's random accounts and they're Getting Lots of likes. Yeah. What are they saying? Like You ripping? Yeah. How much did you pay him? I have no, this is the first I've heard. I thought he was talking about like Robbie's feed. No, no, it's like random. It's, it's like clip aggregator of Max's rates.


Like one of these accounts just post random clips. But it's just like PFT plays Freebird. I think I liked one and then I've seen legitimately a hundred. I should retire. I'm, I'm gonna retire from playing Freebird Go out on top. No, I can't find it. But. yeah. You're you're all over my feet. Congrats here buddy. Love That. All right. Sweet. Thank you Hank thanks for bringing that across my desk. My who's back of the week is going to be kicking battles. Yeah. So there's a couple programs out there that are lacking, shall we say, at the college space, in the field goal kicking department. I think I'm gonna retire from playing guitar.


I I'm gonna retire from playing Freebird and I think I'm gonna train 'cause Big Cat texted me over the weekend. I don't, can I say like the schools that I might be of course working With? Yeah, of course. Because there's a couple out there. But Arizona State is apparently holding open tryouts on Monday. Yeah. Kenny Dillingham, who's a friend, said after the game that our kick, our kick kickers are so bad, we need to hold open tryouts. And I was like, shit. So I hit him up. I think I've got a grad year. Yeah. So I would love to get a graduate degree from Arizona State. He Actually is trying to find a kicker like right away. So we probably can't do it fast enough to get you enrolled. But I've gotten verbal confirmation from him that you will get a tryout in the off season and then if you get, if you make it, then we'll just get you in school.


Okay. So I, I'm gonna try to work the leg back up to, I think I can get to 44 yards if I give myself two months of training. Yeah. But now I got something to work for. Yeah. Hank dunking me kicking a 44 yard field goal. We Might have to go to Arizona. What's, what's Less likely, Does Arizona have golf? I don't think so. We Might have to go to Arizona. Shit. Shit. What's, which? Other, who's back? Oh, that's my, who's Back? Oh. 'cause it, I'll Just, just one, I'll just Do, yeah. My who's back is not Hank because I got some bad news to report. Oh. He, I think the word was I'm cooked.


I asked him. Oh. Just doing private conversations down. Well That's fine. Is Hank Chris, keep That in mind. Well, no, I mean, I, I don't have to say that. I didn't say what you're cooked about. No. Let it, let It rip. No, that's fine. No. Let a rip. Well, he brought, he brought up the thing, the, the, the dunking verse kicking and you were like, I don't really know. Well, how's the dunking going? I need to lose some weight. Where are you at? We, the people need, like, the people it have interest. We you've gone zero dark 30 on us. I'm gonna, there will be interest. I'm, the last month will be hype. I'm just, I don't want to also like, create interest on something I know I can't do.


I'm Do you think you can't do it? I'm still, I still think I can do it. What Do you owe us if you can't do it? $4,000 each. Okay. Nice. I'll I'll let you get out of it right now for $3,000 to me. No. Okay. That's, that was a good deal. Bad finance on your part. Hank. That's a good Deal. I wanna do it. I'm training. I know you want to. I'll let you, I want to do a lot of things. I'll let you get out of it for $0. We can wipe the slate clean if you agree not to play golf. No, wait, no, no. don don't care. don don't Care what were gonna say Max. I was gonna say this week, but okay. We were gonna say Max December comes around and you can't dunk, but you're kind of close.


Will, will you continue to? Yeah. Will you give up? Reach that goal? Yeah, that's basically what I'm asking. We'll see if I'm, if I'm, if I'm, yeah, I'll probably try and keep doing it just so even if even if I lose the money, I would like to be able to, you know, prove my point. So how Close are you right now? I still need like five inches. The, I'm 180 pounds. I was like 171 pounds in July. So I need to lose some weight basically. It was, you Look good though. I know. But imagine, imagine jumping with a 10 pound. How much more you could jump if you didn't have a 10 pound weight on your chest? Yeah. Is that Where it is? I imagine all the time.


Hmm. It's on your chest. Well, no, like I'm just saying like hypothetically, Why don't you come start playing ball with us on Fridays. I will. Yeah. Get a little sweat in. But we played A ga we played a game to 11 on Friday. That took us about 35 minutes. I think you can do it. Hank so bad. Don't give up The dream hack. Don't give up. I'm not giving up. Also my real, I might be cooked but I'm not giving up my Real who's back. 'cause we're just trying to, you know, we, we want people to get, and I'll just say it since you had to say the story of the private story. Oh, come on. My No, no, I'm not giving up. I don't care. But I was working out trainer like brought he, he kind of just brought out the vertical leap thing when I wasn't ready for it. Like, I was like, don, don't.


Whoa, what are we doing here? And he is like, all right, let's see. And. it was not as much progress. I, I liked, you know, blindly thinking that I'm making good progress. You should have never jumped. So when we jumped And, it wasn't as, it was still progress but not as much progress as I had hoped for. I was like, fuck that. And then I came and saw you right after. So that you saw me in, in my darkest time. That was, that's like my, that's like every diet that I've ever gone on where it's like the first And don't step on the scale First two weeks are, Who Cares. Yeah. The first two weeks are awesome 'cause you lose a lot of water weight and then the third week you step on the scale and you're like, fuck. Why'd I do that? Just do the steroids. Do the steroids. Take the steroids. Other things that we should bring up. 'cause it is a good way to get people excited about videos that are coming up.


'cause I'm sure we'll have a a big video stream for the, for the dunk off. We're not close. Like what are we gonna do? Well that A Great, we'd still have to do it. Well. Well and also you still get the shots. We're doing that December 22nd by the way. We can put the date on it. But You also get to shoot. That's not never gonna happen. But you still get A Chances. We don get a chance. We get a chance. You still get shooting? I should probably start shooting. Yeah. You still get a chance? We're still working on Max pitching, so hopefully we'll have don don't know in the next month or so. That video do. When is our golf video coming out with Bob? Does sports, do we have a date on that? I gotta talk to the, to them. And then Hank is also gearing up for his stream. So we So you're gonna do the nine darter video soon?


We're gonna have the baseball video soon and Hank's gonna dunk. I want you to shoot. I think you're gonna be able to, I think you might get crazy and just No. Is he allowed to, he's allowed to try to dunk fail and then try to attempt the shots. Does he have to declare I have failed at dunking. I'm going to do the shot Shot. You said I wanna see both. I wanna see both. for sure. for sure, for sure. I will. I can start posting. I I have been doing a little bit of testing and I have thought about doing this as like a for for social. But the, the way I'm gonna dunk, even if I am able to do it, it's gonna piss people off because I'm basically going to, I'm so Pumped with it. Have a super inflated ball. I'm gonna throw it so that it bounces off the ground.


I basically need to perfect bouncing a ball so that it lands basically bounces and lands in the hoop. Yeah. I'm going guide it on the way down. Tap it. But I will start posting some of the videos of me practicing that. 'cause like if you, if you see the final form of the dunk, it will be like the, I'm so exciting, the Least of feeling dunk, but I it will be a technical dunk because, but whatever. Wait how Many? I'm so excited for that. I have to get, I have to get real. Like that part of it is hard. It is really hard. It's not easy. How many chances do you get at It'll give him I get as long Unlimited. Yeah. Until January 1st. Yeah. Because he could probably only get up that high with his first like 10 jumps, right? Yeah. Right.


So I need to get, I need to, I need to spend the next like we gotta Put a how inflated? No, how. Shut the fuck up there. No, no. I'm on Hank's side. No, no. January 1st is his Chance. I said I could dunk a basketball by summer. First January 1st. Yeah. He gets as many chances as he wants. If he wants to just go live and just be like, I just say I, I I could say like a hundred chances, but if we're doing a stream, there has to be an ending. No, December 1st. January 1st. Stop saying December 1st. I'm trying to January 1st. Wait, is it January 1st or December 31st? It's New Year's. New Year's. So when, when. But, but Friday the 22nd we're going on break. Like I'm not doing over break. So it's Friday the 22nd.


I No, 22nd is Sunday by The way. I can't wait 21st. Whatever you guys are That's being so annoying. He's being so Annoying. I'm not. I'm just saying as like a, You know what he's scared of? He's scared of Drake May going off. I want Drake made it go off. I'm saying this as like a stream. It's going to be weird you that that like, we're just watching. It doesn't Matter. I'm with Hank. He gets A, he also pft iss. Right. I'm give 500 chance. I get unlimited attempts. Yeah. I will only be able to do it within like 10. I am I am now About the jumps. Max, once he jumps 10 times is how In theory I get unlimited won't to do it Again. He gets a limited. I'm very excited about this super inflated ball. Little throw that You gotta do. Does it have to be the regulation side of that?


Yes it does. Yes it does. Cannot be a women's ball. No. How inflated are we gonna to Get enough to bounce And it And basically to the point of it breaking. I need to be like just dropping it. I don. Why does the inflation matter? So so it bounces all the way up. I I've tried it with the balls we have here. They're not got, He's gonna got it. Got got it. He basically has to have to, has to perfectly coordinate a ball bouncing on the ground, going all the way in. And he just gets up right at the last second and just places it, I'm so excited for this. That's hard. I know that Might be harder than dunking.


I know. Oh man. But To Hank's point, you're probably not gonna jump every single time you attempt to throw the ball up because no, you're gonna have a lot of misses. Do you want, would you like me to try to, to Get no to perfect The ball Part? No, this, this is the thing that like as I'm doing the training, I I can do a a million of those a day. You know what he should Do that I have time to do? He Should get the shooting gun to dial In. You have time do that. You do a million of those. What? You, you should get the shooting gun dialed in. Oh yeah. At the angle. So it shoots the pass out and lands perfectly. Oh, Not a bad idea. That's A really good idea. Yeah, That's a really good idea.


Yeah, that's a good idea. I Don know, I know that you talked to me about re flooring the basketball court because it, it, we've been here for a year now. Waxing it. Waxing it. And you wanted to do around Thanksgiving. Was there, was there anything to do with that? Maybe putting like Spring Springs in it, you know, in the boards? No, I just, I just liked in high school. Like when you came back from Thanksgiving, break it. of course. Yeah. I just realized the other day I was like, huh. You wanted to No, that's to get the floor redone. I also Think maybe All of a sudden it's just, it's a trampoline. There Should be a witness around Hank when he's in the gym. Just in case he tries to lower the rims. Well, I mean, I've Tried.


You can't, I We can't Trust Tree Trust. Trust tree. Trust Tree Trust. They asked us when we moved in And, we said let's not give ourselves the option to lower it. Me. And like we said that to Pete and then I asked Pete, I was like, Hey, can we lower the rims? He's like, you told us not to like build this in. I was like, fuck. Trust me. I also asked Pete, because my whole plan was to lower the rims by like a quarter inch every single month until Hank thought he could dunk and then have him dunk and be like, haha, you fucking sucker. They're not regulation. So we both asked Pete for different reasons and then he was like, so you were trying to cheat and I was trying to cheat you?


Well I was trying to practice Steven Jackson. Yeah, I What He said, I was trying to fuck you over and have you dunk on a nine foot, like nine inch rim and then like, celebrate. And I'd be like, ha ha Norman dale. And just, that would've been awesome. That would've been funny. Yeah. It would've been really funny. But. yeah. We couldn't do it. We're we're idiots for not letting, why did we do that? Yeah. We're so stupid. God damnit would've Been awesome. Why not? He was like you guys said not to. It would've been great to just run full court. Yeah. Eight foot rib. Well, I think that was what Well I think we were trying to avoid breaking the bass board and, and injuries and everything. 'cause once, once you do an eight foot rim, we never would've put it Up. Well never. Yeah, that's True. And it would've got destroyed.


Yeah. Okay. Great. Show boys. Very fun numbers. 3, 10 11, 5 17. We didn't hear you. Pug. 99 Pug Pug showed up to The bar with a hickey the other night. Let's go Pug. It's not a hickey, It's actually on a Dog. It's called Hotspot. I was on a, I was on a text chain with all those guys and they're like, so I was like, pug showed up to the bar with A hickey and his fiance. What a power. Move My barber cut my neck.


44 Baby. That's good. 44. Love you guys.