
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music On. Today's Pardon My Take. Week five in the NFL And. Incredible, incredible week of weekend of football. Awesome. Sunday. We're got recap It, all this side of the desk ERs pretty happy. Good weekend. The couch. I don't know where they're at. The booth. Good weekend. The booth ERs split 'cause We got talk. Some baseball too. But yeah, great weekend. We're got start with Fast. Two minutes. We're got talk about every game. We're got do Who's back? We're got Talk, some playoff baseball,


And. It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The rollercoaster of an NFL season ERs moving right along. And it promises to bet a month full of tricks. Treats And, of course, touchdowns, And DraftKings Sports book. And Official sports betting partner in the NFL ERs. The number one place to bet touchdowns running It in from the one Or an 80 yard bomb We. Don't care how They score touchdowns. We wanna bet On Em And DraftKings hurt us. And it. delivering Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player to score a touchdown Go to the DraftKings Sports Book app. Make your pick. Here's a reason for new customers to do a touchdown dance of their own bet. $5 to get $200 in Bonus bets instantly. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns Download. The Draftking Sportsbook app And Use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only. On DraftKings. The Crown ERs yours Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope And y Or text Hope And y for six 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help ERs available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Booth Hill Casino And Resort in Kansas. 21 And over And eligibility varies by jurisdiction void And Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms, And responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy, a And. My, my And, my Welcome to part of my take. Presented by Draft King. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook, the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download, the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Now And use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only. On.


DraftKings. The Crown ERs yours today ERs Monday, October 7th. Week five. What? Whoop, whoop, whoop. Some spread. What We Start in Cincinnati. Where Lamar, Ms. Jackson. Ooh. ERs the outcast. Big boy Derrick Henry Get up. And got out of overtime with a bunch 52 yard run to make the Bengals one in full. Real Zay bouquet of flowers showed the world That. The Bengals defense smells like poo poo poo like poo poo poo.


After the Ravens put up 41 large ones. Joe Burrow verse. Wade had a nice run, but then was overturned once by the Baltimore defense. And That was all It took though Ravens 41. The Bengals 38 What in H Town? Nico Tom Collins was shaken up after a big touchdown, adding some extra sour lemon juice to the Texans offense. Upon his exit webcam acres exposed the Bills D ERs. Only fans of the Texans got aroused. The Bills turned the lights back On with their offense. When Neon Colman scored a big touchdown cutting the league to three. But It was too little too late though Sean McDermott had to take his hat off to the leadership shown by CJ Strout Arabia And his attack against New York's team.


The Texans 23. The Bills 20 In Chicago, where Caleb Williams hit DJ Mandy Moore On. A walk to remember to start the scoring ERs the Panthers took a page outta their owner's book, burning down the House with business decisions. Andy Dalton went into his old Roadhouse. And learned That. No one ever wins a fight, especially when the team you're fighting took all your draft Pick. six. A good players. Bryce, forever Young made an appearance in mop up duty. Still looking like a little kid sitting in a sand pit. Panthers are a depressing drip forever. Young Bears 36, Panthers 10 And. Now We head On overseas for our foreign correspondent memes in London.


We head to Foggy London Town where Andrew Van Halen Kinkle was running with the devil On his way to a Pick six. While CJ ham cheese And Crumpet said, Lisa, may I have some more touchdowns. That ERs Braylin Egg Egger Allen Poe said, believe nothing you hear And only half what you see except Nathaniel can't hack It was spotted at every single Diddy party source. Trust me, bro. Quincy Williams Shakespeare wanted some accountability after the game to Ayahuasca Or to not Ayahuasca. That ERs the question. Happy Stefan Gilmore said, the price ERs wrong bitch. After sealing the win for the Vikings Vikings 23. Jet 17. Ah, And. Now thank you. Memes from London We go to Foxborough.


Where Henry Lockwood's On the scene Over to Gillette Stadium for the AFCs poop bowl. Undre 3000 Stevenson told the Dolphins Steve They weren't ERs fresh ERs. Him ERs He broke a fresh And clean, clean 33 yard scamper for a First quarter. TD Jason Bernie Sanders added three field goals. And taxed the Patriots rich D so bad They Wish They invested their money in gold. Alex That ERs who score a go head touchdown. In the fourth quarter. Jalen James Polk answered with what looked like a go-ahead. TD of his own. But the ref say, He annexed his feet out of the end zone. Dolphins win 1510 And. If the season ended today, the mighty New England Patriots would bet On the clock.


Whoa, Tick, Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick. Over to Denver, where the only Colorado football game this weekend had Celine Dion Sanders left Singing My Heart Will Bow On On ERs seal Team. Nicks sank the Raiders hope of the ship. Gardner, it's raining. Minsu danced around. But It looks like a green New Deal ERs A OC. Alex Ocado took over. And had a couple really nice cannons. The Broncos were wearing their Throwback blue Helmets ERs Sean Ton made sure the team from the Infertile Desert won't bet having any playoff births.


The Broncos 34 Raiders 18 Out west in Seattle, where Rashaan, Leroy Jenkins said, fuck this shit. And returned to fumble a hundred yards to start the scoring. Darius got slay. Tanic On the Seahawks defense going for 122 in a score. But after Michael Jackson Smith And jig, but Moon walked to the end zone late the game got tight. The Seahawks lined up for a game tying field goal only to have the kick blocked by the law offices of Bryce Ford. And Wheaton ERs Isaiah Ben Simmons ERs different this year after his summer workouts.


We turned It for a touchdown in the win. Giants 29 Seahawks 20 oh And We have playoff baseball with Max It was looking like another rough night for the fans in Philadelphia. ERs Shark Vito said, smile. You son of a bitch ERs He launched a bullet into the seats to take an early lead. However, for the First time in forever, ice Harper hit a frozen rope to deep center to get the Phillies back in It. But then just like That, Brendan Limo gave a ball a ride ERs He escorted the Mets to a fourth Or three lead. But thankfully, the great stock cleared the bases while reaching 80.


Oh fuck. Oh, my phone just died. Died. My phone just died. Oh no. Oh no. Boom, boom. Kid Outta phone. Dad. Boom, boom. Unacceptable We Reaching 88 miles an hour. And then And And, then And, then And, then And, then And, And, And, then And, And, And, And. Then there was a deep line drive to the left field. And. Nick Casianos won the game. And, I don't know if Max will bet. Putting On this headset again after this showing That was a First And Fastest two Minutes Standing On, the corner of Jamis Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fun sight to see.


It's the Browns They suck. Another left hand up. The the commander's asking Who are We? Does Sean Snow run? He's such a how Can anyone roof for such a perfect calm. The Commanders take down the rounds. 34 13 And


That was the Fastest. Two minutes brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done the Mount Rushmore pickup trucks And. That's because for Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why ERs That Silverado ERs a partner. Or partner. You Can depend On. We've all spent time driving And using the Silverado for all kinds of Pardon, My, Take Jobs, adventures, And, other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week, Silverado helped us give Fullbacks the recognition They deserve with the Low Man award. And. This year, Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings a grit too. Legendary grit. Paired with modern truck tech inside And out massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make the driving towing And parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head On over to chevy.com. Build your own Silverado, Or Silverado HD And. Check out all the current offers. On Silverado. Discover a world of strength, And capability, all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week five in the books. While We. Wait for a stupid ass lightning delay. We'll talk Steelers Cowboys sometime at the end. Yeah, I I was just saying, when was the last time somebody got hit by lightning? Just Get out there. Suit up. And play. Like when America was great, And then Big Cat just told me, That Martha Stewart has been hit by lightning five times, Four times, I believe. Four times. Martha Stewart Lightning. Four times. I believe Martha Stewart's still after the still looking right. By the way, boys, after The third time you Get hit by lightning. You got chill. You, you got stop going outdoors. Lightning Martha Stewart. Three times. Sorry, three times, but still three different times. She's been hit by lightning. That's crazy. That ERs. Why? Also the guy That was playing Jesus during pass of the cross.


I think He got hit by Lightning. He did during the filming. Yeah. Dude. Getting hit by Lightning. Would you tell if you got hit by Lightning? And survived? You would just tell everyone like Yeah, like the First moment. You met him. Oh yeah. I, anytime there was like a cloud in the sky, I'd bet like, oh, That reminds me of the time I got hit by Lightning. Yeah. And. I beat Lightning. Yeah. I beat lightning mono. I, I would, I would have a lightning tattoo. That was visible. Yep. Chain. I probably become a Chargers fan. Yep. Just so I Can Or. Harry Potter. Yeah. One Or the other. I never read Harry Potter. Or watched the movies, but I think that's what happened. Did you Get hit by Lightning. He got hit by A A, A curse. Oh, a curse spell. Same thing. Same thing. And it left a lightning bolt. Scar. On. His head Got It. Okay, good.


He Survived though. He did. The Boy who lived We. I would assume He survived. 'cause He had to write the books. There's a death spell, Right? Like, if He didn't survive the book would've been one page. Yeah. So, alright. Week five in the books. Except for That game, which We will Get to. He's Pretty short to get hit by Lightning. Yeah. Was He was He. He was a baby. I always thought it'd bet Safe. He was A baby. What was his mom doing? Just holding him up to the lightning. She died. No, she got hit. Oh, She got hit by Lightning. And. He got hit by Lightning By the spell. Oh yeah. Right. That's right. He actually. Get hit lightning. We already like the plot. Two seconds into you explaining It. That's how quickly, Statistically you're way more likely to get hit by Lightning than I'm Big Cat. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Statistically also more likely for like, you know, a promotion.


Yeah. To bet Swiped right to dunk. Swiped right. Yeah. Swiped right. Yeah. To To dunk a basketball. To, yeah. For people to respect me. A lot Of those things. I don't know about The, but the lightning thing, the Respect part ERs still, that's up in the air. I think that's, that's a height thing for sure. Did You guys think That, you could Get hit by lightning if you showered during a lightning storm? Yep. No. Yep. I did. I always just thought I was sick in the car. Because the rubber grounds you. That's why Hank doesn't shower. Yeah. That's a fact. He's been hit by Lightning. This ERs our preamble. Lightning delay. That was our lightning delay to talk about week five. Let's Get into some football. That was an awesome, awesome Sunday. It was a great weekend of football. Yeah, we'll talk college football. On Wednesday. But the whole weekend was like, man, I love football.


I feel like this was one of those weekends where it's like, what do people do when They don't watch football? And? Then you step outside And, you're like, oh yeah. It's actually also a really nice weekend Outdoors. It was, It was a beautiful weekend. I think That ERs good of a weekend. ERs It was outside for non-football fans. I think It was ERs good for football Fans. Yeah. Zero regrets watching all the football this weekend, because It delivered time. And time again. We had an incredible witching hour. We had some shootouts. We had some big, I mean, It was the, the, the early slate was really where It was at. And We only had six games because We had the London game to start everything off at eight 30 in the morning. the Vikings 23, jet 17, God damned ERs. The London game always suck. I don't, when do We had a really great London game.


I think there was a tie. I wanna say maybe the Redskins tied the Bengals at some point. It really ERs. The London game always just proves That, whatever. Whenever They give us football, we'll watch It no matter what, like the quality of It. Because this game was It. It started with We. Both defenses played We. Both quarterbacks didn't play We. Aaron Rogers threw three Pick. six He looks old ERs Fuck He looks angry. ERs fuck They still almost came back. And won the game if It weren't for his third pick. And, I feel like. So I walked in here On Sunday mornings. I usually bring my kids to the office. So They, Can, run around the gym, And, everything. So I walked in here at like 9:00 AM And.


I had my two oldest And memes were sitting by himself in the gambling cave, screaming at the tv. They were having They were laughing their butts off, listening to memes go crazy. Memes kept apologizing. I was like, dude, you don't think this happens at my house? And They were giggling. They're like, who ERs? That. Who ERs That guy. Yeah. It was a, It was a tough game for Jets fans. 'cause in the First half It looked like It was got Bet another Vikings blowout. Yeah. And. And. I guess We got the question answered. Like, Can the Vikings win a close game. We And Can. the Vikings win without Sam Darn being awesome. Right? He had his worst game of the season by far today. I think He completed like 50% of his passes. Yeah. He didn't look good. And He also got banged up. But It was the Vikings defense ERs. For real. For real, for real. Yeah.


And, that's, that's the difference. who, because They didn't play a perfect game. And They still won. They're, they're definitely engineered to play with a lead. Yeah. Because their, their defensive line will Get after you. It'll bet. Interesting to see if They play a game where They have to come from behind how their defense holds up then. But here's a, here's a interesting stat. That I read about Aaron Rogers today. Ooh, And the Jets. Did you know That He has ERs many three interception games with the Jets ERs Zach Wilson had in his 11 starts last season. Wow. That's kind of interesting. Isn't It. So What, wait, did He have ERs? This his second one? This ERs his third. His third one. Let's see, maybe second. Yeah. He ERs It second, Or third. Anyways, it's tied with Zack Wilson.


Yeah. He ERs. He He. I mean, he's not an interception thrower. So this ERs, this ERs He looks bad. He looks old. He looks angry. Memes from your point of view, It feels bad right now. Doesn't It The offense? Feels bad. Everything feels bad. Yeah. Yeah. It feels Really bad. And then We had Quincy Williams afterwards in the locker room, said people got start Vikings accountability. So that's where we're at with the jet season. People have to start Vikings accountability. Where, what does That look like? I think it's probably, it's probably Robert Sala saying I'm in over my head guys. Nathaniel Hackett saying, Hey, just I know That, you keep giving me a dummy headset.


Just keep doing That Rogers may saying, Hey, I'm got try to bet a nicer person. And. Yeah. That's probably It. And Hassan, Reddit coming to the team. Hassan Rett coming to the team. Hassan Reddick needs to take accountability. And Joe Douglas being like, Hey, you know what, I'm got take accountability. I'm, I am. got trade for Devonta Adams And. 'cause It won't solve everything, but It does feel like their offense doesn't have It. Does It their offense isn't inspiring. Let's say That. Yeah. So for me, It might bet everybody On the Jets front office, all the Jets brass ERs Adam Schefter put It. Correct. The brass. Correct. The full brass saying I don't know if It was a great idea to mortgage our entire franchise for a shadow GM that's got come in here when he's done Vikings drugs.


And then try to run the team. Correct. And also, he's 40 ERs old. Yes. He's 40 ERs old And. He's starting to look 40 ERs old. I know. He's been dealing with a knee issue. I think He turned his ankle. Tottenham turf sucks. Yeah. But Aaron Rogers like the, the Jets are obviously We have the Browns who we'll Get to. But the Jets are the second team in my advanced analytics Bad vibes team. Yeah, They're a bummer. They ERs what They are They. They've been a bummer. And ERs bad ERs. They are They might bet. I think They might bet the second best two And three team in the league. Yeah. No, They're still, I still think they're got probably go to the playoffs because Aaron Rogers ERs still too good. Even though He ERs obvi. He's not peak. Aaron Rogers He hasn't been for a while.


But you thought you wouldn't Get three interception. Aaron Rogers He. There was a moment in the game where It felt like They were just showing. It was like Robert Sala. Then Rogers, I think Hackett, maybe for a second, a Jets fan. And. Everyone had a big frown. On their face. And looked like They were having a horrendous time. Yeah. Robert Sala does not look happy. On the sidelines at all. Yeah. And. It's not, it's not That. He's mad. I would actually like It bet if He got mad, but He never, He never really turns the corner to That emotion. He's just always got this look On his face. Like, I can't believe I have to fucking deal with this shit. Yeah, And, it's, it's tough to watch, but I, I think That, if the Jets Can beat the Bills Monday Night Football next week. Ooh, that's a good game. Big game.


This, this ERs a I'm got say it's a can't lose game for the Jets. I Think it's a can't lose game for both because They got two teams in the division. That are obviously not good. Correct? Right now. ERs They stand, who knows what's got happen when Tua gets back. But right now the Dolphins And, the Patriots are not good. The Jets And, the Bills aren't great. But you could convince me That, either one of those two could win the division. Yes. And, here's a, a positive for you. Memes before We. Talk a little more about the Vikings. Aaron Rogers doesn't hate Garrett. Wilson ERs much ERs We thought 'cause He was He. It felt like He was force feeding him. It felt like He saw everyone say, Hey, does Aaron Rogers hate Garrett Wilson? He's like, no, I don't. Here's how much I don't And. I'm got throw him the ball a bunch. So that's good.


Memes That ERs a positive And. I found out today, They call three plays at a time for Aaron Rods. Oh, okay. ERs That. Why He was doing That clip ERs not, did not look good when He was just motioning to the sideline to get the play in faster. It was That one And him crawling On the ground. That were just, again, bad vibes for the Jets. Overall. They're bad vibes team. Yeah. I mean, He did battle back from what I think everybody thought was like a season ending leg injury. Yes. When He got hit, his foot got pinned underneath the guy And. Then He was out for a little bit. It looked, It looked awful about ERs, bad ERs. It Can look for for Jets fans. But then He came right back in. So memes, his knee ERs Okay.


His knee ERs Okay. His knee ERs. Okay. Okay. His knee ERs Okay. The, the, the crazy thing ERs, memes ERs, ERs, ERs, bad ERs. Today was And last week. So it's like a culmination of these two games. If you look at the A FC, the A FFC ERs kind of bad in general outside of a couple teams at the top. Because with the Bengals being one And four, we'll talk about next It. Just like the Jets are right now in the eighth spot. And ahead of them are the Chargers. The Ravens, who I are, are very good. The Broncos, the Bills. And, the Steelers who like you could make an argument. That the Chargers. Broncos, Bills, Steelers. There's a chance one of Or, if not a couple of those teams don't make this And. The Jets have a spot to to Yeah.


Like They. They'll bet. Fine. I think, I think They would if I had to go gun to my head. I think the Jets are still a playoff team, but it's just bad vibes. Yeah. I'm looking through the records right now. Here are the other two. And three teams. If we're doing two And, three power rankings right now. Oh, okay. We got the Dolphins. They're two. And three. Yeah. Bad We. Got the Raiders are two And three bad. We've got the Colts are two And three Bad. If They go back to Anthony Richardson, And, then We. Go to the NFC. We got the Giants at two. And three. Surprisingly. Feisty. Feisty, feisty. We've got the Cardinals And, the Niners at two And three also feisty Niners. Good, but bad record. Yep. And then. Yeah. That's It. That's all We got. So it's, it's, you're got Bet.


Okay. Memes you just got figure out a way. Hank's, Hank's just kind of smiling here, Hank, because I mean, your, your team ERs bad, but you've got love the fact That, memes, they're all in. Yeah. I feel bad. I, I want the best for, for memes. And the Jets. It's, it's unfortunate. That in such a down year for the a ffc, they're still losing to these bad teams. We guess Not the Vikings. Yeah. the Vikings are a good team. I feel like The Tom Brady experiment in Tampa Bay really threw off the, the idea of how good It ERs to try to get a 40-year-old quarterback at the end of their And And turn the entire franchise into like their little science project. Yeah. Because Tom Brady obviously worked very We for the Tampa Bay Bucks. Aaron Rogers It seems like he's not moving around.


ERs who right now, He also would've got Devonta Adams, no question. Who? Brady. Yeah. Like if Brady, if Brady, If Brady wanted him. Yeah. So ERs Rogers. That's What I'm saying. Like Brady. If Brady wanted, has Rogers lost his fastball bet Able to get a player? That's a good question. I Think so. That's actually a good take. Yeah, That's a great take. Hank Brady wouldn't take no for an answer. Yeah. So memes, looking at the schedule, you have the Bills And, then at the Steelers. And. Then you play the Patriots again. So you have to, you have to go two And one here. Probably. I I We. I think We have a good chance to go. Two And. Oh No, no. That was three games I gave you We have a good chance of going three And.


Oh Oh three And. Oh, I thought you said two And. Oh, three And. Oh, okay. So you're, you're fine. You're not even freaking out. who, who should Bet We should bet form one Listen going into It, Just, which one should you have won? Should Of em. The Broncos. We. I don't know about this Game. And dropped the easiest interception today. Yeah. Sam Darn wasn't good. That, I guess That would bet the thing ERs like you played a game where Sam Donald has been On fire the First four games of the season. the Vikings We said the stat On Friday. They They only have been trailing for two minutes. And 36 seconds. Or something this season. the Vikings are really, really good. And, you got a poor performance from Sam Donald And. You weren't able to capitalize because the Vikings defense ERs very, very good. And They made Aaron Rodgers look old.


And slow. And bad And. The, you know, Pick six And, the, the interception to seal the game. I, the Vikings, I think are like, they're, they're the most besides the chiefs. They're probably the team I believe in the most ERs of right now. Yeah. They look very good. Again, I wanna see 'em play. If They have to like come from behind, I wanna see what their defense does in a situation like That. 'cause They They definitely are engineered to rush the pass Or when They have a lead. And. It's interesting because Sam Donald didn't have his best game. And. Aaron Jones got hurt today. Yeah, that's a bummer. And They And And They. Still were okay now the bye week. Probably a good time for the Vikings. Yeah. Great time Get. It's always a good time. Not ERs good ERs the Rams, but It almost. Yeah. If you're undefeated the bye week ERs.


ERs usually a good time. Yeah. It got feel, it's like, okay, We just got regroup. That's got feel awesome having a bi-week undefeated. Yeah. But I, I was, I was most impressed by the Vikings being like, We knew We were excited for Sam Donald to play ERs good ERs. He did the First four weeks of the season. We knew That. There was probably got Bet a game where He was, you know, not great. Sam Donald And. Can. the Vikings survive. That. And the answer ERs Yes. And. Now you hope That great. Sam Donald comes back because He got That one out of his system. Yep. He might, here's a, here's another interesting stat about Aaron Rogers here. Did you know That? He's one in 47 in games where He trails in the fourth quarter against a team that's above 500. Whoa. That's pretty crazy. Isn't It That ERs pretty crazy.


1 47. It's a wild stat. Was the one win. I think It was two ERs ago. I think It was last season in Green Bay. Okay. But I forget who It was against. Okay. Yeah. 'cause I was got say the, the one That He got He came back against the Bears. 2018 That was opening night. No, I think It wa It was, I Was just expecting That to bet like the one win was against the Bears. Because I remember seeing That stat, which looked a lot cooler when It said That. It was O And, whatever. Like O And 35. Yeah. And. Then He gave up. He He got one back. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, shout Harrison Smith's still out there doing It. Yeah. And all over the place. He's, I mean, you don't, guys don't play the On On defense. I feel like 35 year olds. That's not, it's Not normal.


I think it's his, his long arm sleeves. That He wears. Yeah. The ones That like go up to the elbows. He looks fast. ERs Shit. It completely. Yeah. It keeps him t make him look fast. And also protects him. Yep. Yeah. Alright. So Vikings five And. Oh bet. Best team in football going into the bi-week. Can't you can't make an argument Otherwise. You can't. Yeah. I mean the Chiefs are the only other argument And the Chiefs have not played yet. So the Chiefs could wi lose to the Saints And then We would look like the smartest people in the world. I think. I think the Vikings are very, very much for real. Yeah. I believe in Sam Donald. Yeah. Okay, next up. Ravens 41. Bengals 38. This game was awesome. Great game. Absolute shootout. Probably one of the coolest plays in the Ravens coming back.


And Lamar Jackson when He fumbled the snap, then stiff armed Sam Hubbard twice. Twice. Scrambled around And found, found Isaiah likely in the end zone. I think They were down 10 at the time. This game had everything. It was like Lamar, Jackson, And, Joe Burrow were just both playing perfect football. And. it was back And forth And. The Bengals are now one in four in a game. That They absolutely should have won. Because here's, here's the problem for the Bengals. Joe Burrow was phenomenal. And He made one mistake. And He has to play perfect for them to win because That one mistake basically cost him. It was a great game. And And Jamar. Chase was incredible.


Unguardable tonight. Yeah, And. Yeah. It's, it's tough for the Bengals. Joe said after the game, we're not a championship team. He. Yeah, He. I agree with That Joe. Yeah. He was, He was 392 yards, 76.9% completion, five touchdowns, And. Then the one interception ERs what killed him. And for for a second. There I looked smart And. Hank looked dumb. Now I look dumb again because the Bengals lost. But I did look smart when It went. You were right. It went from 22 to one, to 10 to one because He was playing so out of his mind. And, I do think the Bengals with how bad their defense ERs Joe Burrow has to play perfect. And. He knows going into every game, He asked to play perfect. And He was playing perfect And, then That happened.


The One thing, I don't understand. Zach Taylor And. So the Bengals obviously had a bad snap. On the missed field goal. And overtime, the Evan McPherson missed field goal. That should actually not count. ERs a missed field goal. Like, I don't know if They Can do a stat It was crazy. That He was able to kick That in relatively the right direction. Right? 'cause the ball got put down about, I don't know, a 10th of a second before the foot hit It. Yeah. But so my only qualm with Zach Taylor's coaching today was They Get the, the Ravens fumble. Because Lamar Jackson doesn't see the snap coming in overtime. The Bengals Get the ball back. They're basically immediately in field goal range. He calls three runs. Now I know That the, the missed snap And hold.


Would've you could, you can't bet like, oh We if They were closer. 'cause if It was a missed snap And hold, even if It was a 20 yard field goal. They probably Miss It because It was That bad. But I don't know why. When you've had the type of game That Joe Burrows played And He ERs your He, you basically have to put the whole team On Joe Burrow's back. Why in That moment you wouldn't just continue to put your, the team On. Joe Burrough's back. I Agree. It was strange. That He got very conservative with That because you do want to get closer. You wanna make this an easier field goal attempt. If you Can Or, I mean, Joe, the way That Joe And Jamar were working, It was not unlikely. That They could score a touchdown of That. Right? So yeah, just bet, aggressive, keep let Joe Burrow win the game for you because he's been That good And again, you, you have to go into every game.


And, it's not fair to Joe Burrow, but He has to play perfect because their defense ERs an absolute mess. And was getting carved up. And They, It looked like the, the Bengals game plan was, Hey, we're got try to stop the run. Lamar Jackson was like, okay, fine. I'll just throw the ball all over the place. And hit everyone. And. He Looked so good. ERs a passenger. Incredible, incredible. I That Isaiah likely played was like play of the year so far. It was like It It. I think He dribbled the ball off the ground a little bit. I think He dribbled the ball picked It up two stiff arms scrambled across his body to likely just float It in there perfectly. It was a sexual play. Yeah, It was a very sexual play. And. Then you And then Derrick Henry ran, you know, the 52 yarder in overtime to seal the game. He's Getting stronger.


He's getting stronger. He was kind of bottled up until That moment, but It was just an awesome game. And. Now the Bengals, I don't know. So I was looking at their schedule. I think They have to, They have four games coming up until They play the Ravens again. I think They ha They don't have any margin for error anymore. They have to win their games. They play the Giants. And the Browns, which They should win And. Then the Eagles. And Raiders. So They ha I think They have to go four And. Four That would Get 'em to five And four going up against the the Ravens. So They like this ERs a problem with one in four We. Keep saying, oh, okay. They'll bet. Okay. They'll probably bet a playoff team They can't have another like, whoops. We slipped up. And lost a game like They lost today where They were up 10 with five Minutes left.


This ERs True life help. I am addicted to believing in the Bengals. I Still believe too. Yeah, but you, you see what I'm saying? Like They, if They have one Or two more of these slipups where whether It bet a week one game where They lost to a Patriots team. That. The Patriots might, That might bet their only win of the year. Yeah. Or this game where they're up 10 with five And a half minutes left. And They just like a comedy of errors to, to blow this game. If you do That any other time your season could bet over. Yep. And. Now Lamar ERs ERs a starter. He ERs nine And one against the Bengals. Yeah. He Jamar Chase torches. The Bengals torches the Bengals Angio Or. Sorry, you were saying Lamar.


Lamar ERs against the Bengals. But I I was got say Jamar Chase also torches the Bengals. I saw those stats. He goes like 200 every time. Raven. But Lamar saying, I say Bengals. Yeah. Bengals Jamar. Chase Jamar Chase torches The Ravens. Yep. Lamar Jackson torches the Bengals. Now how about this? Alright, I got It for the Ravens. I got It for the Ravens. My brain just stopped for a second. We, we've got an Instagram update via the Dev Devonte Adams situation. Okay. So I think this ERs On Friday. Yes. He He posted a picture of Edgar Allen, And Poe We all know who He looks like. The, the famous author who moved to New York City. No. The end of his life did He. Yeah. Oh, I didn't know That. Yeah. Wow. No, I just remember That He died.


On the Streets And. Nobody knows how He did. Yeah, No. From bt. From Baltimore. Yeah, from Baltimore. But wait, NA, the team named after the Team ERs named after him. But He didn't actually move to New York. You're talking about I think He did at the end of his life. A lot like Aaron Rogers. A lot like Aaron. Aaron, Roger. So drug addict. So you who moved to New York City? I saw Jets fans trying to use That. Our, our friend Tom Lay was like Edgar a Poe at the, at the end of his life, moved to New York City. I did not know That He wrote He wrote the, the Raven He wrote the Telltale Heart. Tom Lay might've also not fact checked That. My fact-checking ERs, just reading Tom Lay's tweet. It was And. it was probably some guy online. That He. Saw That said He moved To New York. I'm got look And, because I Thought That He died. On the streets of Baltimore. Did I make That up? Maybe He overdosed. On Ether. Or. Some bullshit. Like That. That's badass. Yeah. It ERs kind of cool way to go.


All Right. Later life. I'm got look either way. Does That feel like He was forced to, to move between several cities, including Baltimore, Philadelphia, And, New York City in 1836 when He was 27. He. Oh, He married his cousin. God damn It. These guys always just marrying the cousins Big back then. Cousins. Yeah. Fucking Einstein did That shit. You Shit. I guess you don't, you didn't meet ERs many people. I don't, yeah. Communities didn't move That much. So it's like, chances are you're got Bet Was That the, was That the version of like your office wife ERs It like your family wife? Yeah, it's my family wife. Yeah. Yeah. It's like this ERs all the people I know. This ERs my, so I'm just got start dating my cousin. This ERs my Thanksgiving wife. Yeah. We always really Get Get close during the holiday season.


So yeah. He moved. Yeah, He moved to the Bronx. So yeah, maybe that's, so who, who knows what part of Edgar Allen And PO's Life Life. That. Devante Adams was He was Referring to. Was referring to. So yeah, his final home was in the Bronx. New York. If He, If He does go to the Ravens though, I feel like, I feel like that's bad news for the A FC. Yeah. That's bad news for the A ffc. Good news for the Ravens. Very good news for the Ravens. Good News for sure. Stave The Ravens are really, really good. Yeah. And, their defense did Get gas today. But here We, go full circle. Jamar. Chase does own the Ravens. That's true. You've always said That. I've always Said That. Not the Bengals. He does definitely doesn't own the Bengals. 'cause He can't Get. Paul Brown would not sell. Yeah. You can't Get any money.


Yeah. Out of them. I'm got, I'm got look up the Jamar Chase. First. The Ravens. This game rocked though. That was so much fun. Jamar Chase First the Ravens. He owns the Ravens in the last couple times. Oh no. He had 193. And. And. That was today 193 And, two touchdowns. He had a game where He had 200 And. One And a touchdown. That's owning him a little bit. Yeah. 125. The, the Bengals defense ERs a big, big issue though. Oh, it's A massive, it's so bad. Massive issue. I, it's so bad. They They should just, do you know what They should do? The old coaches trick of, you know what, We don't have any more starters. Every position up for grabs when you just say, That It sounds like you're trying something.


Bring in the Cincinnati basketball team Who are They. I just like, they're usually Oh, Oh, this university of Yeah, the University of Cincinnati basketball team. Bring them And for open tryouts. They're Always tough ERs. Fuck Yeah. They always say They can't shoot And. They rebound. Yeah. That's, You got a football team out there. Yeah, just bring em in. And. Just, dude, that's the, that's the old, you know, college coach would bet like open tryouts. We want the basketball team to come in. And And, try to play some football. Just Get Mick our other way around. Get Mick Cronin back there for just a little bit to coach your defense. Yeah. Give, there's only some effort. They're, They're They are bad. They're bad And. The Ravens are good. Anything else? Yeah. My, my brain broke for a second there. I apologize to everyone. Got hit by Lightning. Yeah, got hit by Lightning. I still can't Get over That. Hold in That Snap.


Yeah. So every time And Never had a chance. Every time I see something like That happen in a game, I think about the position of being the holder. To me, That seems like it's one of the hardest things to do, but they're really, really good at It at a high level. So you don't really hear about fucked up snaps. And holds That much. Right. And when you do, it's a massive thing like Tony Romo. But It feels like getting That Snap And putting It down within like a quarter of a second And spinning the ball ERs a lot harder than We. Think That It ERs. Yeah. It takes Now actually, you know what I, I'm sound like a, I'm sounding like a loser right now. I could do That job. I'm built different, I could do That job. It's the easiest thing. You catch the ball, you put It down how hard ERs That. It Was funny in the gambling cave. People were, had the Bengals And.


There was some blame going around for the holder wearing a wedding ring. Yeah. I'll listen to That We. Were like, why the fuck does He have a wedding ring? On. Yeah. You want That had to have affected It. You want eligible Bachelors ERs your holder. Yeah. I also kind of don't, I kind of like my holders wearing receiving gloves. Yeah. I don't mind. That Not a wedding ring. Yeah, not a wedding ring. So since Winter Punter's married, I don't know if you're a Bengals fan. Are you It? It has to feel so weird having such an explosive offense. And a team That has been in this hole before. So you have to tell yourself it's got bet. Okay. Even though It might not bet. Okay. This year. So If you're Bengals fan, I'll give you a couple, couple Silver linings, And all this one.


You'd much rather have an explosive offense. And a terrible defense than have a terrible offense. And a great defense. Correct. It's way more fun to watch. Yep. Two, you're probably an Ohio State fan. So that's fun. Yeah. You Get to have a Good Saturday big game against Oregon. Have a great Saturday And. Then three, you're not the Browns the, you could bet a Browns fan. Yeah, That's true. And four Kentucky basketball's back maybe. Yeah. That's, these are all, these are all big things. You, you Have to look at all the nice things. That go along with Cincinnati. You Got Coach Cal fired It ERs bad though. For the Bengals like this game specifically losing this to the Ravens because like you obviously, the way the NFL schedule goes, you play another division And, you put, you know, you play the First Place play schedule.


Yeah. The last play schedule. The Ravens beat the Bills And. The Bengals lost the Patriots. That's a, that's a tough swing for their AFCs opponents. That ERs. Yeah. It's not good. Yeah. So That, that's where it's like, God damn, you can't have those, I don't think, I don't think the Bengals are got make the playoffs. But I do think That, they'll bet sniffing around, they'll bet in That graphic. I'll say It. They're got make the playoffs. Fuck It. All right. I might, I might try to bet It On DraftKings make the playoffs. Let's look It up real quick. And, let's figure It out. I mean, if you do what I have to do, 'cause I, I am addicted to still the Vikings. Yeah. We. They'll Fi, they'll figure something out. On defense. You know what, why don't We just, why don't We bet 'em to win the super Super Bowl? Soy, you're the Vikings soy.


That's What are the odds Probably So quick if they're dead. Probably pretty tasty to now. Fuck It. We're value hunters. This ERs like They're 30 to one. This ERs like buying penny stocks. They're 30 to one. Why not this ERs. Yeah. I might have to do It. I might have to say fuck It. We're got, who got even the Bengals? We? What are Their next games here? They're going, they're playing the Giants. And the Browns. So They should win both. They should win both those. Oh, The Giants are F are feisty. Now. Do you think the bookmakers are smart enough to also know what their future schedule ERs? And. That. It. I think They probably took a look at It. Yeah, They probably took a look at It. Okay, let's go to the next game. Texans 23. Bills 20. Another great witching hour game.


It was all Texans to start. Then Nico Collins got hurt. And their offense basically like lost all of It. All of its explosiveness. They scored 14 points in the First quarter. Nine points in the last three. Josh Allen was bad. It was probably his worst game he's had in a long time. I think It might've been his worst game ever. It Pro Rookie year. He had a couple. That were real bad. But He was, yeah, like It was We who completed nine passes I think. Yeah. Nine For 30. Yeah. Think He nine for 30. And it there. Offense It Has to bet his worst completion percentage of all time. My I He Had couple. It's hard to get worse than That. It ERs hard to get worse than That. But I remember his, his rookie season was a lot of this guy's really bad people were, were shitting On.


Him He. He was bad though. And it. It's now a two game, two game stretch of being bad. That has the Bills questioning. Did They make a mistake? Was It really addition by subtraction getting rid of Stefan Diggs because It feels like the Bills don't have any, especially with Shaki Hurt. The Bills don't have anyone who ERs getting open routinely. And Josh ERs not finding any rhythm. And. He's, he's been missing guys ERs. We And their offense. Just when they've stepped up in class. 'cause their First three games weren't against the best opponents. They've stepped up, played the Ravens, played the Texans two of the best a FC teams. And did not look good. Yeah. I Think I've found maybe a problem with CJ Stroud.


Okay. I think He hits his guys On explosive long touchdowns. So frequently That He injures them. Yeah, because because they're, they're burning guys with their deep speed. They're making these catches. They're sprinting in the end zone. Trying to get away from the last cornerback And then They Get. An injury like a hamstring. Yeah. Yeah. So CJ maybe, maybe stop being so good. Yeah, you're being, you're too good. You got check down more often. cj, You're too good. Josh Allen did have a six for 15 game, his rookie year. And. Then He also had a eight completion game his rookie year. But either way, really bad game from Josh Allen. Maybe The bill's got Get back to like letting Josh do design runs. There was just ground And pounds. They did have one. Two tight end sets.


They did have one. That looked We. That's the other thing. ERs Dalton Kincade. Like We have two tight ends. That, I ke we've heard so much about in this, in the NFL, Kyle Pitts. And, Dalton Kincade. I feel like I'm just waiting for them to, to do some cool shit. Yeah. Just Go, go heavy. Go heavy sets. If you're the Bills, Hey Can, run the ball. Yeah. James Cook ERs awesome, but their offense looked so bad today outside of Keon. Coleman's like huge broken play kind of touchdown And. The only thing That kept 'em in the game was the Texans just kept On trying to give them the game. There was a pick, there was a a a fourth fourth And one That They didn't convert And. Then you Get to the end of the game where people are going to go after Sean McDermott for his play calling.


So It was, I don't really know. I I still the Vikings about It And. I don't know if I totally disagree. You talking About when They got the ball back pinned deep, They got the ball back with 40 seconds left Tie game. On like the four yard line. And. The Texans had all three timeouts. Yep. So in under normal circumstances, you'd say Yeah, run the ball. Go to overtime. The problem ERs, if you run the ball, detectives are got use all three of their timeouts. And. If you're not running It trying to get a First down, you're just trying to run out the clock. They're got have a chance to kick a field goal, which They ended up doing. They Sean mc Turbo decided to pass the ball three times. Which I don't hate the idea, but given how their passing game was working, It felt like It was a losing proposition.


Yeah. So if, if They had tried to, to run the ball three times, you burn your three time outs. They punt. They. Probably the Texans Get the ball back with what, like 25 seconds left? Yeah, enough. Certainly enough time to make a few yards around midfield probably. Yep. And then that's definitely enough time to make a few yards. And kick That. Same field goal. That They ended up kicking. Yes. So yeah, I, at the time I wasn't, I guess I was a little confused when They ran It On First And second down. But then I started the Vikings about It. I was, you had passed. Oh yeah. When They passed. But then I'm like, yeah, this ERs no win situation. And McDermott took blame for It afterwards. He's like, yeah, That was my call. Kind of a, a shitty position I was in. But I'll take responsibility for That. We. Yeah. You should take responsibility 'cause you're the coach.


But I don't think It was like a big colossal fuck up. I thought It was a fuck up. Just because I thought They. We got Get Safetied just Go, go play action They think you're got run It. Yeah, I don't know. I mean WWI guess running It And then And, then making them burn all three of their time outs. But the other problem ERs, Kami Fairburn ERs incredible. He ha He now has eight 50 plus yard field goals. And, it's been five weeks. He has eight 50 plus yard field goals. And, it's been five weeks. That's the most ever through five weeks. It also, there's only four kickers last year in the entire season who had eight 50 plus yard field goals. It's crazy. It was a 59 yarder to win the game.


59 yard And it cleared It by It. Looked like It was close to 10 yards. It landed. I think It hit the, the net. Yeah. I think maybe even if a fan might've caught It. Yeah, It was incredible. So I like, yeah, you're you're kind of stuck there. I think I'd probably lean running the ball And trying to let, make them burn their time outs. And, maybe you Can break one with James Cook because again, it's, it's not, it's not ERs much It like the idea of passing to try to bet aggressive And Get a First down. So you Can go to overtime. I Get, but the way the Bills offense looked, passing the ball was so bad. That, you have to think That, you have a bet chance of getting a First down, running the ball in That That situation than passing And And. Good news for the Texans. You didn't commit a single penalty, I think at the First half after We had Laramie Tunsil On watch for most holding penalties ever.


I don't think He had a holding penalties today. I don't, I don't know either. I I tried to bet On It, you can't bet On penalties, but I figured he'd have a penalty. But He, maybe He didn't. What were you got say Max? Nothing. You're just leaning towards the microphone. I thought you We got say something. Here's the No, I'm trying to, yeah. Here's the crazy thing about the Texans. I don't think the Texans played their best game. And their four in one And. Look for real. For real, for real. Like They haven't, today was the perfect example. First quarter lights out like, holy shit, this ERs got bet the Texans day. They're got dominate him. Nico Collins gets hurt. Their offense kind of sputters like They haven't, It doesn't feel like They put together a full four quarters yet. And, they're four in one.


And. They are like, It feels like They, Can just keep going up. And up from here. Yeah. This ERs a big step too, I think for, for CJ Stroud like the, the Bills I don't think are a bad team at all. I think That, they've got some question marks, but being able to hold em off in the, in the fourth quarter ERs They mounted to comeback, I think like those wins And the win That He had against a not so great team. The Jaguars, like he's, he's not just blowing teams out. He's doing It in weird ways where He has like kind of engineer victories. Yes, yes. So I, I, yeah, I'm high On the Texans And. I guess if you're a Bills fan, I think the best thing you Can do ERs say We who just played the Ravens And the Texans who are two of the top three teams in the A ffc. Yeah.


So maybe we're not one of the top teams in the a ffc. But you also have to put the per perspective That. There's still a playoff team, Right? So next week when it's got bet Bills, And Jets. It's not, I don't, it's too easy to say loser leaves town, but it's like loser. Loser feels really bad leaving town Loser. Go Get your passport. Where's the game? Where's the game memes? MetLife. MetLife Jersey.


Whose line ERs It Any way brought to you by DraftKings. got, Hey, pull It up. I'm got, I'm got say It ERs. Bills minus two And a half means Can. You pull It up. My phone's dead. You Your phone's dead. Yeah. How's your phone dead? How's your phone dead? I don't know. It just died. It's Sunday. You got always bet On. Top of It been here all Day.


Yeah. What have you watch On. That. That's something that's, you don't, can't have your phone die. I'm got say Jets minus two. Ooh. PFT was right. Oh, Bills what ERs It. Bills minus two. And a half. Let's go. Wow. All right. So then over under, I got take the Jets. Yes. The Jets are wearing their throwback jerseys. Which Are those good Or, ugly, Bad are ugly ones. No, the the, ah, fuck you dude. You know what ones I'm talking about. That was a real, fuck you dude. Oh man. Was That a real fuck you dude. It ERs the Mark Sanchez, Chad Pennington, Vinny Tessa Verde ones. That's throwback. Oh Boy. A lot of good memories. I Love That. I had two A FC championship Games. Yeah, exactly. Lemme see them.


They Should have never changed. Lemme see the throwback jerseys. They're shiny, right? Don't those are shiny green ones. Yeah. The Jets are, you know, there are, yeah. Look how shiny those jerseys are. You Know, there are certain people That you like if you close your eyes, you can't, you can't remember if They have like a mustache Or. If They play glass, if They wear glasses, Or something like you're like, I think They have a mustache, but I'm not sure. Yeah, that's kinda the Jet's jerseys. Like if you asked me to to remember their throwbacks And bet, like I think I remember 'em. It's weird because I Bette, I think you And. I are old enough to see these jerseys And. Then remember when They would wear their throwbacks. Yeah. Right. Which are way more similar to their jerseys now. Right. We, they're, they're their jerseys now are the throwbacks. Oh, okay. Yeah. See?


All right. So That makes sense. So they're wearing their, so they're jerseys. They're not wearing their throwbacks. They're wearing their new jerseys. This ERs ki this ERs throwback. This ERs their InBetween throwbacks In between throwbacks And. We're currently wearing the throwbacks. What were you got say max? These Look like their current jerseys. That's what I'm saying. That's like what? You close your eyes. You're like, wait, does That person have a mustache? Can't remember. That's the circle logo. We. What ERs The Jets They. Look, I don't, I look at these And, I'm like, oh yeah, those are the Jets jerseys. What are the, what are the current Jets jerseys? Yeah, these are the most uninspiring throwbacks. What do you mean? Because I wouldn't know if you had not said anything. I would've been like, those are just the Jets jerseys. See, it's like a ERs It.


The circle And the helmet. That's what It ERs. That's the current And. But those are the throwbacks. No, the current are the throwbacks. The ones That they're wearing this year are their throwbacks to, before They had their throwback jerseys. Right. So they're wearing their next week. They're not wearing throwbacks. They're wearing their New Jerseys. It ERs. A throwback. No, it's their new. They're Wearing their, their new New Jersey jerseys. Those Are They. Like the same jerseys. Just the lines. On. The On. The sleeves are a little different. No, no memes. You're not getting It. You're not getting It. Their jerseys That They have right now are their throwbacks jerseys. The ones That They wore in like the mid two thousands to late two thousands. Those are their New Jersey Jerseys. New Jerseys. So they're going to bet wearing their, their New jerseys. New Jerseys in New Jersey.


Yes. These are their New Jerseys. That. They're wearing On Monday. Not their throwbacks. 'cause They wear their throwbacks ERs, their regular jerseys. I mean, They technically will bet New Jerseys. Yes. Where MetLife ERs. Right. This ERs also the best week of Jerseys of the Year. Oh. All around the league. Bengals We didn't even talk about. Yeah. The Bengals pants today were awesome. Yeah. The Broncos, the Broncos Broncos should never wear anything else. That's Yeah. Yeah. I saw Bo Nicks go out in pre-game warmups And. I was like, He He looks so much like John Elway That. I think he's got think That He ERs. John Elway. Yeah. I saw him in, in warmups, And. I was like, this guy, I'm got have to wait a half. But then he's got arrive. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I thought.


Okay. A timeless tradition lives On the classic. That's not the classic. You're wearing the classic. This ERs a classic. It's not. No. Could you just Point That out? 'cause you want, just because It says the word classic On traffic. You were like, look, It says classic. No And feeling nostalgic. No We. You don't feel nos like you feel We. I guess you feel nostalgic all the time. What jerseys, what was Joe Namath wearing? The ones they're wearing now? I think when you Look at That, the font That They have On classic ERs. Like I, that's ERs ERs a classic font. But when you compare It to the Jersey, It doesn't match the jersey at all. The jersey's New And, futuristic. Now those are classics. Yeah. And, that's, that's their jerseys That they're wearing now.


Oh. But That has a circle. Okay. I'm now confused. Kind of like A hybrid. Yeah. This fully, fully Max raised your hand. Excuse me. No, That was like a What was, what are We Doing? Just, I don't know. We're just, we're doing the show. No, No, no. That would bet. Like what are We? What are the Jets doing? What are the Jets? Same jersey every time. They It. Just different iterations of the same Jersey Can. You Just show us Can. You Google the history of the Jets jerseys. Oh yeah. Gimme a timeline. I think the New York Sack We the most recent ones before Now were trash, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Those were trash. It was the worst. Oh, yeah. When They tried to do like the black And green ones. Yeah. They They were super shiny Helmets Jersey, Along with Adam g And. They lost every single fucking year.


Unlike all the other Jets Seas. No, those the classics. Good memories. Okay. All right. Yeah. Here We. Go. The Jets have just had the same Jersey. Yeah. We. Literally from 1965. That's the same Jersey. Yeah. It's the same uniform. Like the only helmet that's And. The 1960 Ones were the ugly Ones I was talking. Yeah. The blue ones, right? Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So Throwback night. Throwback night. We ERs, It. No, It's Classic. Are the Bills wearing their throwbacks? They should That one. Some good throwbacks. Feel Like They wear 'em every week now Though. These ones sucked.


Yeah, those ones did suck. Those ones were bad. They They were the only ones. That were different. They They tried to switch It up. And, They, And. Then They sucked. So They were like Sucked harder. Yeah. So then like, We need to go back to We. got run the football with just the same Jersey. That's Not even, I've always done. That's not even That big of a change though. That's like, we're just got make the shoulders look like 20% sleeker. This ERs Good Jersey talk. Alright. So Texans are really good. And Bills might have some problems. Yep. All right. Next up. Commanders 34. Browns. 13 PFT. Yeah. I said On On Friday's show That. If We won this game, I am going to say some reckless shit. Then I saw That we're playing the Ravens.


Ah. And. I feel like that's my reckless shit game. Yeah. Like if We beat the Ravens, I will Get. So abnormally reckless with It That. Nobody will want to listen to this show ever again. I Can Say what? I was going to say. We. Let's save It for the Ravens. Okay. I'll save It for the Ravens. Yeah. So you don't want to, I, I think We, should I talk? I wanna know you. Oh, you want give us a give us One thing. I don't say all of em because you wanna save some of It. I You not And You're not saying this. No, he's, I'll Leave out, I'll leave out one word. Okay. Okay. I think That Jaden Daniels ERs the blank best quarterback in the NFL. There's a word. There's a word that's missing there. Wait, blank. Best quarterback in The FL ERs the blank. Best quarterback in the NFL unanimous eighth.


No, it's not eighth. That's why I'm not saying It. 'cause it's Not eighth, it's second. It's not second. No undisputed First. No undisputed. Third. No, It's, it's around fifth. It's, I think it's third, 18th. It's right. It's right in between. What? Big. Cat. And. Max said The fourth. Fourth. Here's the thing with Jayden Daniels today. He finally didn't have like a, like his last three games were basically perfect football. Yeah. He didn't have a perfect football game, but He still made just awesome. Big time. Throws And. Third down He just completely Befuddles defenses. And. And. He wasn't really doing It ERs much with his legs. He had good numbers rushing in. Yeah. In the other games. But in this game, it's like He got outta the pocket.


Scrambled had a bunch of chunk plays with his feet. He didn't have his best game with his arm. He had That bad interception in the First half. Yeah, But that's what I'm saying. Like, it's almost, it's almost bet That. He. Like obviously you wanna bet Perfect all the time, but in the back of your head, you're like, He can't bet. Perfect. Every single game. So having a game where He wasn't perfect, but still really fucking good has to bet comforting And. I think his whole stat line looks a lot. Bet if Terry gets into the end zone. On That, First bomb. That He threw That was incredible. Yeah. Where He just sprints away from the pressure. And Uncork one. It was like a Josh Allen type play. Then He had That great touchdown pass to Brown at the end. Yeah. DMI Brown. That was a sick Throw. It was a sick throw. Yeah. I I'm still not sold On.


The Warthog ERs being his nickname. I tried It out once today. Yeah. Not Che had to point out. He doesn't have any warts. That We know of That We know of That We know of That. We know of. I don't know what his full medical panel says, but the warthog, I'm struggling to, to come up with That one. I, I tried out Jesus. Okay. Jesus Christ. Mm. Maybe that's A little too confusing. It Might bet a little confusing. But It was, It was mostly Today was about the defense. What About, what about his name? Just being Cool. Yeah. Jayden's A cool name. Jayden. Daniels ERs just a cool Name. It ERs a cool name. Like, I don't think you even need to do a nickname for Him. So the, the defense, the last two weeks has looked good. Now it's against the Cardinals, who I don't think are That bad offensively.


I think That, they're okay. They're, They're, when They can't run the ball, they're very bad And. Then when They Can run the ball, They look good. Yeah. So you guys, I mean, but you guys Get credit for stopping the run. Yes. Right. But I, I will Get I will Get way outta pocket. If We happen to beat the Ravens next Sunday. Which ERs not got Bet Flex. It's bet bet. I think in the noon slate. So We got, I Don't think They flexed till later anyway. No. They wanted to flex It. Oh, really? CCBs. CBS protected It. CBS De Kembe swatted him. So I did see Florio They were They were trying to basically burn time during the weather delay. Yeah. And Florio did a weird like, FaceTime interview with Jayden. Daniels And was like, have you heard people chanting MVP yet?


And J Jino was like, no, I have not. Like, because he's a humble guy. Yeah. And Florio base was like, Get ready to learn. Like MVP Buddy. I don't like That. Flo Florio stay far away from my quarterback. Hey Flores. It was awkward. Florio stick to Aaron Rogers buddy. Yeah. He was Stay in your lane. But yeah, the, the Dan Quinn defense ERs starting to round into shape. The Browns were one of 13 On third down until garbage time. Deshaun Watson has to bet benched. There was a moment in this game where I was like, holy fuck. How ERs this guy still playing? And? That was, I think It was like fourth And. Short, maybe fourth And. Three fourth And, four And s Stefanki was looking out On the field, like calling in the plate.


Like, we're got do this. We're going for It. Deshaun just started walking off the field. And Stefanski just put his head down. And was like, what the fuck? ERs going On. He doesn't want to go far. And fourth down Jamis Winston say what you want about Jamis. But there has never been a fourth down That. Jamis did not have to bet. Dragged off the Field competitor. He Wants to stay On the field. His teammates, Deshaun's teammates look like they're fed up with It too. Yep. I don't think it's Stefan's call at this point. No. They're, I Feel like it's probably above his head. 'cause He wasn't the guy. That wanted Deshaun Watson there in the First place. He didn't like make That trade go through That sign And trade. I think that's probably the owner. Yeah.


I think that's probably where he's either not allowed two theories. One Stefanski ISS either not allowed to take Deshaun out. Right. 'cause the owner says not to Or two Stefanski Iss so mad at the owner for making him take Deshaun. He's like, no, you want Deshaun. We're got Keep giving you Deshaun. So you Can. See how wrong you Were. It's the Browns are so unbelievably fucked. That's really the only way to explain It, because Deshaun ERs so bad. I think even, I think Deshaun's so bad. Even like the last bit of Deshaun defenders being like, oh, the offensive line. Oh this. No, he's just bad. He holds onto the ball so long. He takes sacks all the time.


He gets Lost Sometimes He gets lost. He Get like He misses, throws. He's a bummer. Then He gets in front of the, like, I don't know if you guys saw his post game press conference, but he's like, yeah, We just got keep Vikings what the defense gives us. What you haven't done That once. Yeah. The defense. There was no Vikings involved to That. No. So you Just stink at football. There was a tweet from Benjamin Soak He said, I'm confident I Can name a hundred active NFL quarterbacks. XFL. Quarterbacks college quarterbacks, And, retired quarterbacks. Who would bet, bet at quarterbacking the Cleveland Browns than Deshaun Watson ERs right now. A hundred. I think That We should just try to name the worst quarterback That you think would bet. Bet. On the Browns right now than Deshaun Watson.


I have a name And. It's, it's disgusting when I need Peterman Peterman. Definitely, Definitely would bet. Bet. Yep. You don't think Josh Rosen would bet. Bet. No. I don't think, I think that's probably where he's might bet. I think he's in business school now. Bet one of the First ones off, I think, I think That name for me ERs. Desmond Ritter. Mm. I think Desmond Ritter would bet. Bet. Mm. Tim Boyle. Yeah. Gets, Gets the Ball out. On time. It's, it's any other Yates of hell? Oh, field Y. Yeah, for sure. I mean, not Field Yates. TJ Yates would fucking dominate. Yeah. Field Yates also Field Yates. Field Yates might too. Yeah. I He could bet, bet than De I'll tell you what, Taylor, Tyler, Murray, And, the guys would, Oh, his shoulders Fucked up though.


The guys would like him more. Yeah. That's a fact. Like, that's part of It. I, it's just crazy. The Browns are in this situation where they're so unbelievably fucked. Because if any other quarterback was playing like this, He would've been benched. And. They aren't got Bench him. And. It's crazy because like you said, the owner's probably putting pressure. On Stefanski, Stefanski Iss in the worst spot ever. There's a big, he's a really good coach. And. He's just stuck. There's A big enough body of evidence out there for sure. Stefanski to say That. He's a much bet coach than this. Yeah. They were a playoff team last year with Joe Flacco. Yeah. It's crazy. How many of the names On That back the back of That Sad Browns jersey. How many of those names do you think would bet, bet than Deshaun Watson?


Let's assume Sad Browns at the peak of their powers. Okay. Alright. Or. Or. Maybe. Maybe the average of their career. Okay, So quarter. Johnny Football. Johnny Football. I'd take, I'd take him. Oh man, this ERs a Hank. Who's the worst quarterback? You Alright. Ty Demer. Spurgeon win. Doug Peterson's On there ERs He. Really? Yeah. Matt Shaw. Kelly Holcomb. Jeff Ge. Jeff Garcia would definitely bet, bet. Yeah. Trent Dilfer bet. Charlie Fry Bet Also. Kelly Holcomb was not bad. No. Brock owi. Derrick Anderson bet. Ken Dorsey bet. Brady. Quinn Bet. I can't read this. Oh, GSKi way bet.


Yep. Colt McCoy Bet. Jake Deone bet. Seneca Wallace Bet. Brandon Wheaton. Eh, me. Maybe May He had He had a couple Flashes. Kevin Hogan. Yeah. They're all, they're all bet. Brandon Whedon's probably like 70 now. Yeah. He was old. He was old. Connor Shaw. Yeah. I remember Haw was South Carolina. Legend. South Carolina. I was like, damn. Deshaun Kaiser. Maybe That's It Sean Kaiser. Yeah. Hoyer Kaiser ERs probably. Yeah. Ki Kaiser's probably It. I would say Kaiser Josh Rosen. Not ERs good ERs. Deshaun Watson right Now. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. That Terry. Brad Bradshaw said On On Fox during one of the game breaks. That He would put Deshaun Watson down.


Yeah. Put him down. Now He a little bit misspoke there because Howie Long was like, do you mean take him out? Like bench him? He's like, yeah, I meant bench him, but I putting him down was It didn't sound crazy when It came out of his mouth. Bring the tarp out onto the field. Yeah. I I think That, how He saved him. I think That Terry meant, yeah. Just like, you know, he's An old dog. Put him down. He's a dog. Yeah, he's an old dog. Yeah. The, the Browns. Yeah. And. Also We saw That picture with Mike Vick. And Jayn Daniels this week. Yeah. What does ERs She bad news. What does the rest of Dehaun Watson's life look like? Let's see. Like, does He just go into hiding? I don't know. Might buy an island somewhere in the Caribbean. Yeah. What do you, do You think That Sean went to any Diddy parties?


I don't know. They. I think the Browns probably are hoping. Yeah, it'd bet. Good. It'd bet. Good for your, your bottom Line. If They They could figure out a way to, to implicate 'em. Do We have our Johnny Fanta video? One of my favorite. This one's got Bet a Doozy. So We. Don't watch these until I think It was like three Minutes. Which that's fine with me. Yeah. Because I love Fanta. But he's got bet at the end of his rope here. Oh, ERs. ERs got the Halloween set up in the background. I've, I bet Fanta goes all out at Halloween. He definitely gives out full-sized candy bars. He's got the, like sickest front lawn decorations. Yep. Okay, Guys, I've got tell you about the best way to spend your Sunday afternoon. Oh, We didn't Watch. It's called the Circus of Insanity.


This ERs a brand newum activity in which you Can spend 100 minutes, On a Sunday afternoon watching someone try to do the same thing over And over again. Believing That It may change one of these Sundays even against the National football leagues. Worst past defense. Yes. Worst pass defense. In which for a half a football, not 70 yards, were amassed. When will It end if It hasn't ended? Now It shouldn't end because at the end of the day, professionals are not. You all have jobs out there.


You've worked On a project with other classmates. Yeah. Or. Surely you've done something with your family, which everybody has to participate. And. You know, if there's someone On your team Or your group That. You simply can't count On. Sure. There's a lot of people in the Cleveland Browns organization right now. In fact, everybody, everybody except the punter. Borque doesn't deserve to get looped into this. Oh no. Everybody deserves some level of blame. But this ERs a quarterback league And. If you don't have an answer at That position, you're not going to do anything productive in the NFL. Especially when the other team That you're playing has capable quarterback play. You could sit here, And, blame the defense.


They came ready to play. They came out. And got a couple of stops. They came out with energy. They got an interception at the goal line. They tried to open your window of opportunity a little bit more. And. Instead, when your offense steps On the field, It ERs dark storm clouds. Why? Because the quarterback can't play. He doesn't have It anymore. And, the Browns won't rip the bandaid off. And. If We Can all realize It, all the people in That locker room realize And know It. Okay. I'm not That. Smart And. Yes, He ERs. It doesn't take someone smart to know That. What? The Browns have ERs. A guy that's supposed to bet a leader, supposed to bet a quarterback's, supposed to bet a leader of a football team.


And. What That guy has done, ERs totally, totally dissipate, shred away all of the momentum. That. You had 200 And 67 days ago when you were in a playoff game in less than 270 days, your Cleveland Browns have gone from a playoff team with a loaded, talented roster to back to being the pumpkin of the NF NFL. Week brought It all together. The Pumpkin of the NFL we're back to being the joke. And. All you Can do ERs laugh. I'm past being ticked. I'm just chuckling. Oh, Enjoy your Sunday.


Maybe find a pumpkin patch. Oh, Thanks, Johnny. Done. He's past being ticked. He's just chuckling. Yeah. All you got do ERs laugh, And. It's, it's sad. If you're a Browns fan, you got you. There's no hope this season ERs long ERs. He's the quarterback. There's just none. And. He's Yeah, Man. Like, don't even bring Chubb back. Let Chubb heal up entirely. It's crazy. That, the Browns felt like They. Were going in the right direction there for a second. And, now they're just And. It's It sucks even more That like the lions have figured It out. Yeah. And, you thought, what? What, like four ERs ago, five ERs ago. If you said, who's got bet in a Super Bowl? First. The Browns are the lions like Browns all day.


And. Now it's just They. It's just sad. Even A couple ERs ago, the Browns. Yeah. It. It was nice. Seeing the Browns And the Lion come up together. I know And then. Yeah. They Just went right back to the slums. The Browns couldn't Get outta their own way. Yeah. PFT. If the playoffs ended today, you would bet the number two Seat in the N Ffc. That's wild. It's pretty cool. It's Crazy to think about. I'm definitely the Vikings yfs. I am. You have to. I'm, I'm, I'm the Vikings four And one Four And one this season, honestly, couldn't go any bet for me. I I'm so happy. I, the weird, sad part about ERs ERs, you know, like We, talk about the Lions And, the Browns. These are two franchises. That have been beaten down into shit over the last 30 ERs. Or. So I have almost imposter imposter syndrome for having a good quarterback.


So I, I ref We. I wake up in the morning, I refuse to believe like this. Can't bet happening. Yeah. Something bad ERs got happen. Chaps the other day was telling me like, Hey, congrats On, Jayden And. I feel guilty. I feel like I have to bet. Like you, you had a good quarterback too. Yeah. I have to like lie And bet. Like, yeah, no, it's, it's not That great. Like, I'm not having That much fun. No. I'm having the fucking best time ever. And. I'm not sad about It, but I do have this like, lingering guilt in the back of my head where when I hear from fans of other teams, That are like, I'm happy That. You're finally tasting joy. I'm like, I can't, I can't think of It It, That way because I know exactly what it's like to bet stuck in a shit hole. Right. And. I feel bad for, for people. That. That have to deal with That situation.


'cause I've lived through It for so long. And, I'm just, I'm reaching a point where, number one, it's awesome to watch Jayden play On. He brings me so much happiness in my life. Just watching him play out there. But also every single time somebody hits him. Or, when He runs outta bounds, you Get scared, I think. What the fuck? No, not again. And. There was a moment today where I had some very, very dark thoughts for about half a second. When He ran outta bounds, his knee jiggled a little bit. And. Then He reached And. He grabbed his leg. ERs He did like a somersault. On the sidelines. And my life flashed before my eyes And. I was like, this ERs this ERs the wor My worst fears coming to fruition right now. So I am like, I'm, I'm dealing with, I'm learning how to enjoy having a good quarterback.


Yeah. You got block That out. And. I don't know. Because then You're got just end up being like someone who doesn't go outta their house. Yeah. 'cause they're scared. They're got hit by a Bus. It'll bet agoraphobic. Yeah. Yeah. You Can't live like That. I'm trying not to And. I'm working. On It. I'm working very hard. But yeah, this was, It was another fun Sunday for me. I mean, He t make me so happy. Yeah. Four in One. He's my special guy. Second. Second. Seat overall in the NFC right now. Top of the NFC East. It's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. I'm loving It. I thi things have gotten, I am starting to also recognize there are red flags. That should bet going up when you're enjoying something too much. 'cause I did surpass one of those. When you buy a alternate jersey for one of your like third string players, I reached That Point in Jayden's career arc today with Luke McCaffrey.


Okay. I got an Arctic camo. Luke McCaffrey Jersey That. But you had to buy That. But I think that's got bet safe. Your hands were tied. I think that's got stand up. You See That jersey? You have to buy It. You have to get That one. They Make That They They. When They sit in the NFL shop They ba basically make That because they're like, at least we'll sell one. Yeah. I, I wanna see a breakdown. On. The NFL. Like On fanatics. Or On. The NFL official site where It shows like what percentage of their worst pieces of merch Get purchased by me. Yeah. Because sometimes I think They put things up there just for me to buy. Oh yeah, definitely. And. You try to get, you try to buy It for Us. I might bet wearing one of them right now actually. Yeah. Now That, I'm looking at It. Yeah, you absolutely are. Alright, let's take a break.


And, we'll Get some more games.


We are brought to you by our friends. A Gametime. Oh Hank's. Phone ERs dead. PT Can. You look up the Saint's Chief's game. Yep. What the prices are. So Gametime the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports football season ERs here. You know how much We love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime Pick six feature, they're making It even easier to get to a game. Gametime Pick six filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals. On great seats so you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We, were looking at the Chiefs Saints Monday Night Football. PFT. What do We got for some seats when you hit That? GT Pick six setting at the top of the screen because They have That And. You Can also browse your local Gametime pick deal near you. On your Gametime app homepage. What do We got? I'm seeing That, you Can Get And for all low ERs. $85 Love It And. I'm seeing a GT pick for $193 at midfield. I think First Row On the top balcony. That's The best Seat in the house. One of the best seats. That. You Can say That ERs the best Seat in the house. So Gametime Pick six has That just hit That. GT Pick six setting And. You'll bet. Good to go. So if you're looking to go to That game On Monday Night Football, go buy those seats for Saints Chiefs Download, the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals of the new Gametime. Pick six. What time ERs? It. Gametime


We also are brought to you by our friends at Supercuts. This episode ERs sponsored by Supercuts. I'm about to get my haircut. I'm a little overdue Supercuts nose. It's not super convenient to hear this ad, but what ERs convenient ERs getting a haircut at Supercuts. You Can check And for a time. You want at Supercuts dot com Or. You Can Just walk into any of their 2000 Supercuts locations will make Supercuts super We. It's got 10,000 stylists who just do their job. They. Use Supercuts own technique for cutting hair perfected over decades. And They do It nearly 25 million times a year. That's a lot. That's a lot of reps. And. it shows Supercuts has an incredible average rating of 4.8 out of five stars. On. Google. Find a salon near you at Supercuts dot com. Supercuts. Real smart hair. I'm got go Get my hair cut at Supercuts this week. I'm got look great because again, They just do their job. And. It's super convenient because you Can check in online, you Can show up. You'll bet able to sit there, Get your hair, cut in. And out. Super convenient with Supercuts. Go right now. Find a salon near you at Supercuts dot com. Supercuts. Real smart hair.


Okay, next up we've got Jaguars 37. Colts 34. Another Sunday Thriller First of all Happy birthday to Trevor Lawrence. It was his birthday today. Yeah, I was upset. That. We. Didn't know That going into It. We. I, so I thought the Jaguars would win this game because like I said, I, I thought It was Trevor Lawrence's slump buster with Gus Bradley's defense. That. He knows We. He did play We. It feel feels like He got out of his slump. He had 371 yards. And two tds. Also Doug Peterson. We've talked about his quotes. And. He's basically like just, just the, this ERs fine dog every single week. I'll give him credit this week. He said there's a weight off everybody's shoulders.


I bet there ERs. That's really nice. 'cause That was a game. That. You had to win They almost Jaguar in the end. But you had to win That game. And They did win That game. That's really nice. And. So now this ERs 10 ERs. Since 10 ERs since the Colts have won a game in Jacksonville. So there were a few things the Colts had won there in forever. Trevor Lawrence's birthday And. The Tom Coughlin Ring of Honor. Correct. This ERs all this ERs a stars aligning. What's It called when the planets all Get together. An Eclipse. Yeah, an eclipse. Yeah. Yeah. It. It was like an eclipse down in Florida. And They still almost lost the Game. And They still almost lost. It. They almost got FLA echoed. Man. Flacco looked pretty good again today. And at one point when He took off for the football, He ran faster than anybody. On the field. Flaco ran They said We.


Here's where I'm staying a little bit. Woke. On. The Amazon. Next gen stats. Or, whatever. Yeah. They said Joe Flacco ran 18 miles per hour. Yeah, that's really fast. Imagine being On a treadmill. And. You turn It up to 18. That's how fast. Yeah. That's really, really Fast. I don't think He was going 18 miles an Hour. I don't think He was going 18. It also, while It was happening in the moment, It was the same feeling I had. Like when my kids took their First step where I was very proud, but also very nervous. That there was going to bet a really, really horrific accident. And like a fall Or. Something was got happen. And it. We got lose. Joe Flacco. So I was like clapping And. I was like, wait, Get down. Yeah. I had please Get down. I had just Never seen this. Yeah, it's been ERs It's probably been like seven ERs since I've seen Joe take off.


Like That It. For me, It was more like seeing your teacher in the supermarket. Yeah. It's like you're not supposed to bet doing That Joe. Yeah. What are you doing right now? That's Not, that's not your game. Joe It was the stat hole. Sent me the, the stat It was the second longest run for Or. The oldest. So Vince Evans had, I think He was a little bit older. He had a 23 yard run in 1994 for the Raiders. So this was the, the longest run for the oldest player since then. Since 1994. Yes. Yes. That's pretty Good. So He, I mean, listen, Kevin Durant put It perfectly. He said Put Flaco anywhere. And. He's got hoop. He's got hoop. That's really what It ERs. Joe Flacco ERs. I don't know how the Browns didn't keep him.


I don't know how other teams didn't call. I I know That. You have to put Anthony Richardson back in because you're hoping That He becomes the future. But Flacco's the best. And. It's so much fun watching him. And He actually has a ton of weapons. And He was spreading the ball everywhere. He threw over 300 yards, three tds. He's just the best. So it's so much fun when Flacco's playing In Flacco's last two games against the Jags. This one And. Then also last year with the Browns, he's thrown for six hundred 70 yards. And. Six touchdowns ERs An old man. Old man. Flacco has their number. And man. Flacco. Yeah. And representation matters. He's good job. We We learned. He's a, he's a 85 January baby. Yeah. 39. Yeah. 39 year ERs old.


The Jaguar's good for you. Yeah. That's, that's the best thing. I Can say ERs good for you. Defense didn't look good. Trevor did enough, but good for you getting a win. Yeah. Good for you. Can We do That thing now where We show the circle of parody in the NFL where every team has like a link That. Oh no. 'cause I guess We got undefeated teams. So We can't do the, the circle of parody just yet, which like this team beat That team. We beat That. Team And. Then you make your way all the way through the league And. You're like, wow. That's wild. Yeah. And fell ERs king. Yeah. He's, yeah. We We finally popped the champagne. Not yet. Not yet. For for That. Because you have to wait for the Chiefs And the Vikings to lose. Oh no, I was got say pop the champagne for the li for the Lions And.


The Browns defeated teams. Yes. Yes. They. Or. I guess It would bet like a Schitz Or something. They're going to go On Cam's beard undefeated. Yeah. Yeah. Crack open the Mad Dogs. They Get to keep It. Yeah. They Get To keep It. The Jaguars have won a game. Yeah. I was happy the Jaguars won a game. Felt, feels like the locker room needed That ERs for the Colts. I It ERs kind of a tough thing because They do have to go back to Anthony Richon, but Joe Flaco ERs, He still got It. The guys still fucking got It. You got say That Flacco gives you your best chance. Yeah. But then you have to go back to Anthony Richardson. Right. Because you're, you're not, what If He gives us our best future chance. Right. And also, you spent a what? A fourth, fourth pick. Overall. You can't, you can't bet like, oh no, we're not got play you because Joe f Flaco gives her our best chance.


You're not, you're not a super aspiration team. You're a team where if Anthony Richardson becomes what you hope He becomes, then you're a Super Bowl aspiration team. So you have to keep And. Also, you have to pay him a hundred thousand dollars for every win. So there's That. Joe F Flaco. Yes. Joe F Flaco. That's True. So That, Jim Oay looks at That. And He ERs. Like, I could pay Joe Flacco Or. I could like buy one of Willie Nelson's harmonicas. Yeah. Yeah. So I think I'd rather have That tough choice. I'd rather have the harp Tough choice. Yeah. Good job. Jaguars. You won a football game. On Tom Coughlin Day. Pretty good. And. Now you're going for your extended stay in London. Are They playing back to back? I think They are. So they're pretty much a home game for the Jaguars. Yeah. They. They. So the Bears play 'em next week. But then I, I think They stay for for two weeks, which that's got suck.


There's no way the guys like That. I would almost rather stay there for two weeks than just go over And then come right back. Yeah. True. I guess that's true. But it's still like every year you're like, all right, now We got go to London for two straight games. Two. Oh no, maybe They aren't. Oh no. They are. Yep. They're playing the Bears And. Then the Patriots. What are their travel plans? Are They going over there early in the week? That. The Jaguars have to have the travel, travel plans to England locked down perfectly. They have to have the best. Right at this point, there's no excuse. Yeah. Get On, shad K's yacht. And seal across the Atlantic. There's no excuse for them not to just have It perfected for how much They go play there. But then again, it's the Jaguars. It ERs the Jaguars. But Jaguars won And. Trevor Lawrence birthday. That would've been the worst birthday ever if He just continued to suck.


Yeah. Yeah. That would bet Bad. That would bet really bad. How old ERs He? 25. Trevor Lawrence. 20. I'm guessing 25. Drafted 20, 21. There also were multiple times during this game. That. Yeah. He's 25 ERs old. That chaps are a good friend who's a Jaguar's fan. Just kept On saying, that's Jaguar's football. And. it was always for the worst things. Yep. So then It was just like, He kept On saying The Jaguars also were some sick throwbacks today. Yeah. Real throwbacks. I like those. Those are real actual Preor Throwbacks. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Real throwbacks. Alright, next up, Bears 36. Panthers 10 That was a really fun game. I, I don't know what else to say. That was, Caleb looked awesome. The Bears defense continues to bet really good.


I'll say something nice about Matt Elu. The Bears have allowed 21 Or fewer points. And 10 straight games. Which ERs the longest streak in the NFL And. Yeah. This was the, obviously people were like, who? It's the Panthers. I don't care. Good teams are supposed to destroy bad teams. Yeah. That's what the Bears did today. This was a must win. What were you say? Hank? Did you say something? Oh, He was awesome. The, the touchdown throw to DJ Moore was incredible. He had two touchdowns passing a touchdown. Running And. Yeah. It was fucking awesome. And He looked like He was Having It was So much fun. So much fun. Fun. I was Having fun. Yeah. He had a lot of fun. Also, credit to Matt Eber flu. So the Bears are now On a league High ERs It eight game home winning streak.


Yeah's pretty cool. We keep winning games at home. We keep winning games at all. Yeah. This isn't, it's Not right. Also, He didn't, He didn't have a touchdown running. I forgot It got called back. Okay. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But then We ran It in because There was That moment after He got in. And scored where He He Spiked. He spiked It. So hard. So hard. That He fell over. Yes. Yes. We got work. On our celebrations. Caleb Threw a couple dots today. He looked really good out there. And. Yeah. Big double win for the Bears. Yeah. People want so bad for him to suck. And. I just It. I'm not got, I mean, I know they're got say Panthers. I don't care. And. The Panthers. The fact That, the Panthers had Bryce Young in there ERs just insult to injury at the end of the game. I, I am, I'm wondering if we've, if Andy Dalton ERs turned back into a little bit of a pumpkin here, He might have.


I Mean, the Bears defense ERs very good, but I Think he's just Andy. Dalton. Yeah. And We had no negative plays, no interceptions. So I think Caleb only had one sack when He had some time. Shane Waldron also, like he's actually calling some good plays. We. Were learning how to run the ball in a heavy set On goal line. After the debacle in Indianapolis two weeks ago. I said this was a must wing going in. And. They. It was a laugher. It was nice to have a laugher. I feel like the players confronting Shane Waldron actually did some damage. Yes. He was like, okay, I Get It. I'm sorry. That's the thing. ERs like, I know the limitations of this team offensive line. The play calling has been suspect at times. ERs long ERs. They keep getting a little bit bet And. it looks like they're not just like We.


who are what We are. I'm happy And. Kale Williams has gotten bet every single week of the season. Everyone's got Yuck. My yum. I don't care. I'm ERs happy ERs. I could bet He fucking looked awesome. Deandre Swift looked good. I do have one question for a person in this On, this show. Okay. It Could bet anyone. And. It's A, yeah, it's a draft question about the Bears. And. The player That was taken by another team. Okay. It could bet anybody. Are We ready to have the conversation? That Gron Dexter's bet than Jalen Carter. Are We ready to have That conversation? Mm. I don't, I don't know who That ERs. Okay. We, who has significantly bet stats than Jalen Carter.


I'm just wondering if you want to have That conversation now. Or wanna wait. He has We have no edge Rushers. Okay. He. He gets doubled. On every, alright, So, we'll, you know what? We'll save the conversation. Jalen Carter gets doubled. On every single. No. Save the Conversation. Max. Max. Your answer ERs no. We're not ready to have That conversation. You just said Yes. You're, you're not ready to have That conversation. That's fine. The Bear's Defense has been monstrous. And Dexter has been a monster. But We are not ready to have That conversation. We should have It at some point. But We don't have to have It right now. Just say Phillies. I'm looking at Nick Casianos On the TV right now. Yeah. Just Say Phillie. So you don't wanna have this conversation. Look at Nick Casianos. He's getting the wa He's getting the water. Water. Because It would bet a shame if the our second round pick from That draft was bet than the guy That.


You tried to, this ERs sometimes say That We passed. I have, when's the last time I said That? That's, that's you projecting. No. When's the last time I said That? When's the last time I said That? Probably recently. When's the last time? I haven't said That In a year. Mm, A Year. I think you sometimes look at me when you say Jalen Carter's so good And. Then you look at me. You gimme a look. Just We. Just learn. Learn who Dexter ERs. And. Then We Can have the conversation. Okay. Just say Phillies Max. I'm looking at, look at Bryce Harper High there. We go. Yes There. We. Go behind. I'm just kidding. Jalen Carter does Get double-teamed a lot. I do not think That. Dexter's just been really good. I just wanted to shout 'em out. The Bears ERs opposed to the what? We know about the Jaguars. The Bears are all over the travel schedule next week.


Yes. They're leaving tomorrow. Yes. Getting a full week. Smart. Getting acclimated. That clock Bears. Know about sleep schedules. Yeah. Smart Move. Also, shout out DJ Moore And. I have a, a new take On. DJ Moore. I think he's just a little bit of a loner. He might bet a loner. He also has bad body language when things are, he's a bad body language All star. But, okay. So my good friend Mark Silverman, who I do my radio hits with Waddle And. Sylvie He does He ERs part of the bro broadcast team for the radio. And He took a picture of DJ Moore after He scored a touchdown sitting by himself. And He ERs like look like We. Everyone's like, you know, psychoanalyzing What DJ Moore thinks. He's just kind of a locked in loaner guy. On the sideline.


Even in a good moment, he's sitting by himself just, you know, doing his own thing. We. It. That might bet the case. It also might bet That. He knows That. He's not a guy. That needs to bet around other people when ERs ERs not feeling good. Yeah. But He was It. But That was a moment where He was feeling great. Yeah. He had, He had an awesome game. He tore up the Panthers. Yeah. Caleb had some absolute darts. That He threw too. He was moving around. He also some Pass up the seam. He also Was like extending plays like He did at USC. Just It looked awesome. I'm I'm, I couldn't bet. Happier And. I know people don't want me to bet. Happy They. Don't want anyone to bet. Happy On this Show. That's okay if We're being honest, but that's fine. Hank Big. Cat. You know what? Big, Cat cat He can't Exist. I can't exist.


I want you to bet. Happy. I want the Bears to bet. Good. Yeah, I know you do, but you agree People don't want us to bet. Happy. No, that's fine though. Yeah. That's just the internet. I Get It. I Get It too. 'cause I don't want Max We. Actually I do want Max to bet. Happy. I want Max to bet. Really happy for a little bit. Yeah. And then Very happy And then. No comment Then. No Comment then No comment then. Then No comment. Because I wanna bet happy right now. Yeah, Same. Yeah. The Panthers are back to just Yeah. Yeah. If you're David Tepper, just stop got to these games because basically you're, you're a giant target for every fan base to yell things at you. And you want to pour drinks, On them. Yeah. You really want to And. You're got feel bad if you don't pour drinks.


On. So you're just, you're tempting yourself by exposing yourself to all That negativity. Yes. Just stay home. Yeah. Don't, yeah, just Stop. Don't, don't ever leave your house. Although Bryce, Bryce Young was four for seven for 58 Yards. Yeah. Bryce, when He was in didn't look ERs bad. ERs He did at the start of the season. It was, Yeah, It was garbage time. The whole second half was garbage time. Like That was the only, I guess if I only had one critique about the game, It It felt like the Bears took their foot off the gas when everything They They came out. Three And out And. I was like, God Damnit And. Then Chubba Hubbard had That. Big run And. But then They scored four out of the next five drives. Touchdowns, And. Then in the second half, they're just like this game ERs over. You know what, you know what We did this weekend?


Big Cat. We took care of business. We Took care of business. We took care of business. I'm serious. It was bad teams. But you know what? You got take care of business sometimes Killing bad teams still counts. It's the NFL that's just like, it's hard to win in this league. Yeah. They, you're never ERs bad Or ERs good ERs. You think you are They pay those guys to play too. That's what I was saying. Alright, next up. Dolphins 15, Patriots 10. Yeah. Ugh. Ugh. Yeah, I guess we'll start with the Dolphins. Good job winning a game. Running the football It. Looks like that's their new plan. Jalen Wright who was you know, hyped up like, oh, the Dolphins got another fast guy I think because HH got hurt. Jalen Wright was a stud.


He had 86 yards. On 13 carries And. it looked like the Dolphins were like, Hey, let's just try to run the ball instead of playing like We usually play where We don't have a quarterback. So good job. I also think Mike McDaniel needed this win very badly because I don't know if you guys noticed, He has been just like so sad to look at. Oh yeah. Every time They show him He has the biggest Frown. Oh yeah. You know, He looks, He looks like at the same time depressed. And also very confused why it's not working. Yeah. Like He doesn't Get It yet. It's 'cause two ERs not playing. Right. That's, that's a pretty, pretty simple thing to figure out. I had an obstructed view for this game because of where the TV situation was. This ERs bottom right.


I only heard about this game through people yelling at Hank to pay attention. So Hank Can, you give me your rundown. That. You got also secondhand. I was watching. Yeah, you watched the whole thing. What'd you think? I was sitting right behind you. Oh, you watched the whole Game. Yeah. He was there. He was there. I didn't Know He was there the whole time though. Yeah, He was there the whole time. Hopefully you didn't say anything bad. Hank question for you. I'm confused. I'm confused too. He was there the whole time. Okay. Yeah. He was in the back Question for you. I think you got just put in Drake May. Why? Why I, this makes no sense to me. Okay. it And. I see First All's A, I see Patriots fans saying That ERs We. I just don't, It doesn't, It doesn't make sense to me. Did did You see the report That there was a potential UTI mutiny in the locker room.


This That just seems like Boston media going. But This ERs when you have a, a guy who's bet than the other guy. That. Can happen. Like they're looking And, they're like, We don't have a chance. We're not competitive with Jacobi Burett, But We really, We almost won this game. We did win this game. Ja And Polk was in in the end zone. His feet were inbound. So you're counting ERs a win. I'm counting It ERs like We didn't Get blown out if We were getting absolutely, you know, torched every week. That'd bet. One thing. But, Okay, so here's my follow up. Why wouldn't you put in Drake may Injury risk. Injury risk. Okay, so when will It bet, when will your offensive line bet bet enough to not have the injury risk Next year?


That's crazy to me. I dunno why you sit him for an entire year. I mean, you Can play him at the end of the season. I, I guess But the but the injury risk would still bet there. What I'm saying, like if you're got, but There's less games to get injured. Got It. You're minimizing the risk. I Kind of agree with Hank That. You don't need to put in Drake may because you What if you lose the locker room We, You could lose the locker room because the guys That are like catching the passes, blocking, running the football They. See a guy that's not That good. And. They're like, We, this ERs affecting my paycheck now. Correct The fact That We can't do anything We The guys blocking aren't bet Bet getting many more paychecks. I don't think it's A valid point. That's that's, I Just don't know. But ERs a fan. Hank. I kind of agree with the fact That, you don't, you don't necessarily need to win games.


That Drake may this season. No you don't. I'm not talking about winning games. I'm talking about getting Drake may like wouldn't you rather Drake may play this year? Take some of his lumps. Learn the NFL game. So next year you Can hit the ground running. Yeah. Then give him three games at the end of the year. Okay. I think, you know, put 'em in blowouts. Maybe Week five, week six. 'cause now And this ERs loser talk. Oh, But go On. We're not got win. We're not got, we're not the Vikings, the offs. We're not got make the playoffs. Can't bet the best at the actual game of football. But it's nice to go On a website. And see your name at the top of a list. Do you think? So if you go to the NFL draft order right now, number One top Patriots. Wow. Look at how this has changed.


Right? So Hank tell me this ERs crazy. It's kind of Hank Tell me about your big board right now. Yeah. Since you are On the clock. If the season ended today, anything Can happen. Not Looking at Tanka hon. For like this season has been so nice. So who do And. You're We. We've just done a freaky Friday switch. So Who do you want? Hank? You're On the clock. I think you probably got go with the best player in, in college football. Travis. Travis Hunter. Yeah, good Point. That makes sense. Yep. He had a bi week this week. But We don't forget That. He ERs the best player in college football. That's a good point. Hank Or. Hank are you the Vikings trade? Belichick would trade. What about Shado? Would you take Shado? No. Why not? We got A qb. What about a Lineman?


We. Why wouldn't you like trade Trading? And getting a lineman. ERs. ERs. Definitely not. That's A Belichick move. Yeah. Yeah. You don't want Shado because Shado ERs kind of a Travis hunter merchant, you know? Yeah. Travis Hunter ERs so good. That. Yeah, chador can't help It bet. Awesome. But I feel like you Get Shado And then you Can trade. Drake may before He starts. He's not got play If you play in a little bit. Yeah, No I trust Drake. May I just, it's a process. It's a process. We can't you know, Rome wasn't built in the day. Starting in week six. And him getting smoked. So when did you find this tanka hon? When did you find out about Tanka hon? I just Googled NFL draft order. I don't even know what Tanka ERs. Oh okay. You got go On. Tanka hon. Yeah. Gives you updated. Yeah. Wow.


Look at our boy. He's grown. He's all grown up. Yeah. Look at the, this ERs Tanka. On right here. Yeah. Tanka. On number one. We. The Bengal's. Number two. He's not looking. He's Not. Oh no, I'm looking. This ERs the website. This website. I was On. Do We. Really? Overrate. That. Week one win for the Patriots. That's crazy. That ERs kind of nuts. That. You beat the Bengals And. You're one spot ahead of them at one And two for the draft. Yeah. Yeah. This mock draft. The Patriots Travis Hunter. Wow. He. 'cause he's the best player in college football. Yeah. That will make Sense. t make sense? Yeah. Yeah. The Scouts know. I don't know what The, do-do Sanders to Cleveland. I don't know what the Dolphins play. I mean someone had to win this game, right? Kind of.


Yeah. Technically It was, you could have tied. Yeah. Did you take the over in this game? No. Yeah. That was crazy to to think about. Hank has the thought across your brain. That. The Patriots have not won a home game since you were the keeper of the light. Oh No. ERs That true. Regular season. Yeah. No It hasn't Has It now. It has now Shit. Yeah. Also very funny in this game, when the Patriots kicker missed a 33 yard field goal was never even a chance. And. Hank just goes, that's when you should have known He was there. He's like, it's windy there. Yeah. And. Then They showed the replay. And the flag. W couldn't have been dead.


Just limp flag. It was a tough game to watch. Yeah. It was ugly. I mean I wasn't, I was watching, I wasn't, I don't know That, I was paying attention the whole time. Yeah. Were the, the stands were full According to the app I was looking at before It said It was a sell up. 66,000 people Huh. Good sports time. There you go. Hank, have you watched any of the Aaron Hernandez show? No. Just the clips. That, you've sent It ERs I have to watch it's ERs It All Out. It's not all out yet. No. Okay. How Many episodes I think we've got it's On fx. Hulu. Yeah. I think it's On Hulu. But It comes out like once a week. But I think we're up to like five episodes now. How Many episodes Total?


Don't know. When's Kirk's episode? The last one. Okay. I Judging by Hernandez timeline. I would guess the last episode. Yeah, They're got do 'em Dirty. They're who? Hernandez? No, I think they're got do Kirk Dirty. Probably. Yeah. Yeah. So It, it's one of my favorite shows. It's awful. It's really, really bad. But I can't stop watching It because it's so fucking funny how They portray like people That We know the actor They have playing Belichick ERs Laugh out loud funny. The actor They have playing Robert Kraft. I think They just got a guy. And They said, we're got just spray paint your hair. White And. Then we're got spray Paint Your Body. You sent us That clip That was incredible. And the On Field stuff ERs so funny. When They have these actors, That don't play football.


Yes. Trying to play football. Yes. And, I'm got guess That, the guy They have playing Hernandez, who's not a bad actor, but He runs conservatively speaking, probably like a, a 5.8 40 And They. Have him repeatedly running the 40 yard dash It ERs. It's one of my favorite shows in the world. I love It. Oh, That. Okay. So episode six. That's the one Kirks in. I think I might just watch That one. Just the last one. Yeah, yeah. No, you should watch the whole thing because it's Kirk For the listeners. Kirk Han. Yeah. So he's, he's On the IMDB. He's our colleague, And friend And. He's got Bet in the last episode because I think He said That. He was a, he's a He. Was He works for Barstill. Now He was a radio host in Boston at the time.


And of the Hernandez stuff. And And He had the report. That Hernandez might bet Gay And. Then Hernandez committed suicide like two days after And. So I think what the FX thing ERs got do ERs try to like put It On Kirk, which will bet bullshit. But I think They might I? Yeah, I don't know. But most of the show ERs just about how gay He was. Okay. I'd say like, oh, so then They won't, Probably not, I'd say 60% of the show ERs like Hernandez liked to smoke a lot of weed And because He was gay. Alright. I got watch It. This I do love cheesy, terrible television. Yeah. It's And They got this dude playing Urban Meyer That ERs a cartoon character of Urban Meyer They got Arnold Schwarzenegger's son plays Tim Tebow.


Okay. Who does a great job just pretty much the entire time. Bet. Like coach ERs. Right? Oh man. All right. I'm got watch It. I'm got watch It. It's not good. Yeah, no, no. I like bad television though. It's bad, but it's really, really good bad television. Yeah. I, I love bad television. I mean, I'm, I'm the, our good friend Rob Lowe And doing the Drew Peterson. Yeah. The, you know why They call me Big daddy. I thought you were saying you're Rob Lowe in the stands wearing a hat. That just says tv. Bad tv. Yeah. I do love bad tv. Okay, so don't start drink May Not yet. Okay. When Will, when will you tell us when? Double digits. Games of the seasons. Okay. Jacob Set does, I'll say One thing about Jacob set.


He gets fucking killed. See, that's why I think That, they're having him play ERs because He. Yeah. He looks, I I wanna say like somewhat competent. Yeah. We And. And He Under He understands the, I almost said He knows the offense. He understands, I dunno, somewhat competent would bet what I would say, He Understands the offense. And, he's a big guy. So when He gets hit, he's not getting broken in half. So if They were to put Drake out there, They might bet like Drake ERs a little bit smaller, not built to absorb those hits. I feel like He understands the offense in the sense like, He could, if you tell him a line, He could repeat It back. But then if you asked him to like, write down the full offense. Yeah. Or Execute It. Yeah.


It's just not It. It hasn't been good. Like it's not football. It's not good fun football watching at all. It's a pretty big bummer. But you're, you've got the right mindset tank. Aton. Yeah. And. At least, you know, it's, it's much worse for Dolphins fans. 'cause They looked terrible. And, all They did was lose a Qb. Yeah. Like if, if you would think with, you know, Mike McDaniel, boy genius, all these weapons They could string together some wins. Boy, Genius. But They look bad. Yeah. No It ERs true. You I'd rather bet the Patriots than the Dolphins. Oh, That's bold. Wow. Right? I mean, even the, Even with the Mutiny It depends. On. If the Dolphins end up getting a new quarterback, It seems like They still have enough talent to bet, bet Good.


But their talent's getting their talent bet like a year older. I don't, yeah, you might bet. Right? 'cause I feel like They if you're doing a full rebuild, 'cause the Dolphins feel like, I don't know if Tua will like ERs. Tua got play again. And. Then if He plays again ERs, We got Get hurt again. And, then it's are We got do the whole thing again. I Think Tua wants to play again. I think He, He, he's, his intentions are That. He's got come back. And play. But I'm got the entire time he's On the field. I'm got bet. Like please don't, don't Get hurt again to watch. But It does feel like Thelp Dolphins are kind of stuck. They are a little stuck. And. The Patriots. If there, if there ERs in fact a mutiny, then That might actually impact like the full rebuild. Because you're not got fire Jerry May. Right? I don't believe the mutiny. Although you would Want one, one person's mutiny ERs.


That's another person's Patriots. True. You would want the Mutiny though, to bet On the side of your rookie quarterback. That's the one good thing. That's true. That. They are galvanizing around him. And Bet Leader. Maybe they'll just fire everybody. That was On the Mutiny. That Would bet hilarious if there was actually a Mutiny. Yeah. And. They're like, you're not the coach anymore. Mayo. Drake May ERs the coach. You think they'd go straight to May? Yeah. Just change one letter in the, in his office placard. That's true. Yeah. Just scrape It off the door. Yeah. Okay. Afternoon games. Cardinals 24. 49 ERs 23. This was the quintessential You're never ERs bad ERs. You ERs you look And. You're never ERs good ERs. You look, because the 49 ERs kicked the shit outta the Patriots last week.


The Cardinals got their ass kicked by the Commanders. And. The Cardinals walked in. And won this game. And. Their defense was incredible in the second half. Shout out Jesse Luta, who had not played a single game. And was the guy who punched out the ball for Jordan Mason, which basically changed the game. 'cause the four nine ERs We got score. They didn't score. They stopped in the entire second half. And Kyle's running Kyler throw That fourth down. Throw Kyler made to Marvin. Harrison was awesome. Yeah. Kyler ISS looking good. Yeah, he's looking good. Was It the, the First series of the game? That. He took off for That touchdown. Yeah. And He knew He was going. He's like, nobody's catching me from behind. See you. I'm out On the other side.


Brock Purdy feels like he's got a lot On his plate right now. Yeah. So the feel like They, The, the Niners have taken offense. That was built around having a sick ass, beautiful running game And then Brock pretty not screwing things up. And being like, Brock pretty go out there. And have a sick ass, beautiful passing game. And, our running game won't screw things up. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think that's the formula for the Niners. Yeah. They did Get Brandon, I you going in the First half. So That was good. 'cause That was the First time. He felt like It was like, oh shit. Yeah. This ERs Brandon IU again. But yeah, I agree with you. I, I think we're also at the point where it's like the Jordan Mason's been good, but Christian McCaffrey ERs Christian McCaffrey.


And. Then you have these moments where like the fumble And, just the, the game of inches where Christian McCaffrey ERs special And ha losing a special player like That. You lose games like This. And at the goal line when they're having him do some of the stuff That Christian McCaffrey used to do. Don't do That. Just give him the ball. And let him run. Yeah. Instead of like splitting him out wide into the slot, And, then having him do those little option routes. That McCaffrey does so, so awesomely. Yeah. Don't ask Mason to do That. Just hand the ball to Mason. Yeah. The good news ERs for the 49 ERs First of all the card Cardinals. I feel like this was a huge win. They It was the First time They beat the 49 ERs in a few ERs. It was also a huge win just because the Cardinals felt like They were teetering On.


The, oh shit, this season ERs got really suck. Winning this game puts It back to, oh, maybe We could do something here. They're, they're kind of fun. Yeah. The 49 ERs ERs a two And three team. Still good And. The NFC West ERs completely in flux. So you haven't basically you, you, you're not got Get the one seed, but you Can still very much win the NFC West. The fact That, the Seahawks are only a game ahead of you. And. You play them On. Thursday I have the Niners ERs my top two And three team in the NFL Top two And three team And. Then the Jets We, The Cardinal just Probably who just Cardinals just beat Em. Yeah. But so the Cardinals feel like I still have the knives, had Em Cardinals literally just Beat em.


But I'm talking about, I'm talking about in terms of just total team. They Played em And They beat em. It was Hot. It was really Hot. But They beat 'em. It was really Hot. The NFL wouldn't let let them wear their white jerseys. That was The difference. They They They decided who, who was got, who was bet On the field. Yeah. But They wouldn't let 'em wear their white jerseys. I have the Cardinals ERs bet than the, the Niners Right now. ERs bet. Controversial ERs of, so it's interesting you said That. 'cause like seven hours ago I had the Cardinals ERs A bet two And three team than the Niners. But They flip flopped after the game was over got It. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, the Niners wanted to wear the white jerseys in the a hundred degree weather. The NFL said, no, you got, let us know before the season starts if you wanna do That. So the Cardinals got to wear it.


And. Then They had you see Kyler On the sidelines had his two guys whose job It was to just hold a portable tent over his head. Yeah. At all times. On the sidelines. It's good Work. That ERs good work. Also, if you're a 49 ERs fan, Kyle Shanahan teams have, I know recently It feels like they've started fast. But here, here are his records. In each quarter of the season. Kyle Shanahan games one through four, 17 And, 15 games five through eight, 10 And 18. I guess that's 10 And 19 now games nine through 12. 17 And 11 games 13 through 16. 20. And eight. So the teams Get bet. Yeah. And. The teams Get bet ERs the year goes along. But still a bad loss. They were up 13. And They didn't score in the entire second half.


Bad loss. Kyle in the, in the red zone. He was just calling some weird shit tonight. Yeah. It was, It was really strange. I feel like, I don't know. Kyle needs a guy. He needs to have a full-time. Coach That just stands next to him. And says, run the ball. Yeah, run the ball. You're On the you're On the one yard line. Run the fucking ball. Okay. Broncos 34 Raiders 18. The Broncos jerseys They should wear the only those jerseys They were so nice. And Bo Nicks has arrived. Yeah. Bo Nicks ERs fun. I don't know, I still dunno if he's good. Or not. But he's fun. Bo Nicks ERs fun certified. Yeah. Stamp It And. When He wears the, the throwback uniforms are awesome. I dunno if you saw this. Did you see the throwback injury cart? No. They Had a throwback injury cart. That had the giant Broncos blue helmet.


On. It. That's awesome. And. it was also like an old school. Looked like a bullpen Park cart. Kinda like A Buick type body frame. I love That. Like, looked like maybe an old Bel Air. But It was sick. It was just a good look. And They also had another throwback today, which was They had, I believe the First white cornerback to get an interception in 22 ERs. Whoa. Since Jason Seehorn. Whoa. And. it was funny 'cause Minsu threw a pick to Riley Moss And. Then Minsu immediately got benched after That. Yeah. So Like, that's the line I was got say W ERs That the most depressing quarterback controversy. I don't even know if it's a controversy, but Gardner Minsu. And Aidan O'Connell.


Yeah. That's Just a bummer. And. I, I love Gardner Minsu. I think Gardner Minsu should just don't, don't make him start too many games. It's not fair. Like you have to know the limitations of what someone Can do. And him starting a bunch of games. Don't do It. 'cause here's the thing. You can't Get a spark from Gardner Minsu if he's the starter And. You can't Get a spark from O'Connell. If He just comes into the game. He's not a Spark guy. Right. The only way you Can generate a Spark ERs. If Gardner doesn't start, then you put him in. Guess what? You just got a spark. You Just got The spark. So you Can. Maybe tell a OC all week. He's starting And then, I don't know, day of the game.


Bet. Like we're got give the ball to Gardner. Right? And. Then you got a spark, Right? And, the spark happens. But yeah, it's just It feels like they're asking too much of him. They might bet And. They bummed me out. And He also got caught maybe eating his hookers. On the sideline. Did He realize I didn't see That? Yeah. Yeah. He went straight from nose to mouth. That's a bummer. Nose to mouth. It was ERs clear ERs day. What was It? The raccoon. That They found. Yeah. There was a raccoon, a rally raccoon before the game. Nice. He was climbing up the stands. Looking spry. Looking chipper. But Bo Nicks, I don't know. Do you think he's good Or? Do you think he's just fun? I think he's, I don't, I Can I say neither. You don't think he's fun? Mm. No. I think Bo Nicks ERs a little bit fun.


I watched too much Bo Nicks in college. Think He. He was fun early at Auburn. Then He was kind of just, he's like good-ish. Yeah. But I don't know the something battle him, the way He runs around out there, like He actually looks like he's On cocaine. He was F Auburn. Bo Nicks was very fun. Oregon Bo Nicks was more. But these guys, Can change. He's more Buttoned up. He got married. And He, just He. He threw the passes. That were there. Remember Brock Purdy. Guys Can change once. They Get in The league. Yeah. Listen, He had a good game. You have to give credit like And And, the Broncos defense ERs. We've been hyping It up. But the Broncos defense ERs a very, very legit unit. Patrick Satan ERs incredible. That a hundred yard return was awesome.


Like They, their defense will keep them in a lot of games. And They could, They could bet a sneaky playoff team In the conversation. They're in the conversation That we're having right now. If They keep those throwbacks, they're more in the conversation. But yeah, I, the Broncos defense ERs legit And And. it feels like ERs long ERs Bo Nicks keeps progressing the Broncos for the First time in a long time. Probably since Peyton Manning have a little bit of hope. Yeah. And. That's good. Yeah. And, that's a really good thing. ERs sick. Yeah. He's, he's one of my favorite players to watch. Yeah. They got a big one against the Chargers next week. So That will bet. Who Can bet. Basically. Who Can Bet the chief's bitch.


That's a big battle To win. But that's a, that's a like a great prize to get. Yeah. If you're the team That, division That, everyone else ERs always disappointed for not beating the Chiefs. Right. That's a good place to bet. It's passing It could bet the passing of the torch. Yep. Oh shit. Now it's the Broncos. Watch out for them. But yeah, I'm, I'm pumped for the Broncos fans like the Throwbacks. we great And. The end zones were cool. And their defense. Awesome. And Bo Nicks had a great second app. I think He had three touchdown drives. So good for them. Brock Powers also ERs. Sick. And. It's too bad because He doesn't really have a Quarterback. Yeah. But when He caught That pass in the First quarter, That was nice. Also, Max Crosby should just win Defensive player of the year because he's doing It.


Like On a bad team. And just keeps wrecking everyone. I think He has still getting after It. I think He has a sack. And 10 straight games. Or something. I, I read It. I don't know. Yeah. And. I I also feel like Max ERs one of those guys where if he's a Gametime decision, And He plays He has one of his best games out. Yeah. He had two sacks today. He's a fucking beast. He's an absolute beast. Okay. Should We take? Oh yeah. That was great. There was a moment where Bon X was talking to his offensive line. Audible And. Max Crosby just stood up. And said, Bo, speak up. They. Don't fucking know. Can you Can. You play the audio.


Guys. I love Max Crosby. Damn. That's got bet. So Emasculating. Yeah. You talking your, your Opponent ERs coaching you up. Yeah. Because you're being too timid at the line. You're Yeah. Fucking speak with your chest Bo your rookie. Come On. They should wear those uniforms every week. They're Just so cool. Every single week. That should bet fan fans should Get to vote On this where it's like, Hey, this ERs the uniform That we're just going with. Yeah. What, what was the other thing you said about a fan today was It. On. That kickoff. Where They had to get a guy out. On the field to hold the ball. Yeah. So We had That. There was a moment. What game was super windy?


Patriots. No. It was Bills played in a dome. I can't remember which game It was. But It, there's a new rule with the new kickoff rule. If it's super win, if it's super windy, And, They, you know, try to tee It up. And. Then It falls up. It might have actually been the Paris game. A 12th guy's allowed On the field to hold It. And. Then He has to immediately run off the field. Yeah, you got, you got Hightail. It off. 'cause if you don't They, Can penalize you And. This would bet a wild scenario. Like if the guy that's holding the ball, he's not an actual player. On. That play. Yeah. He's just kinda like a piece of equipment. So He ERs helping hold the ball. If That guy were to actually make a tackle. On the kick return. Yeah. The refs could throw a flag.


And award a touchdown. Right? And say this ERs like unnatural to the game of football. We're got step in, we're got count ERs a touchdown. So this ERs actually an idea from our good friend Sam Schwartzen. Because He created this, this new kickoff. And He. When I think It was like over the summer, He texted me, he's like, Hey, I think they're got do this where you Can have a 12th guy. And like They should, They should make this so That a fan. Can win a contest. I like That. And. it would bet incredible. Imagine if one of us were just fully padded running out onto an NFL field just to hold the ball. Problem ERs We'd have to hold the ball. Yeah. We I'd bet. Really? And. Like we'd fuck That if We fucked. That up. We already Talked about That we're We'd bet. Really good at holders. We'd bet Sick.


Really Good. I'd Wear gloves would never drop That. I'd wear Gloves. If They had the mascot do It in the full mascot uniform. That would rock too. That would bet sick Or They should make the owner do It. Yeah. Virginia McCaskey would never Get off the field. Yeah. Some Of 'em can't Get off the field. It would bet so great. David Teper just running out there, having to see his face, his team face to face. They Say That. You can't, you know, if you make a tackle ERs That player, then It could bet a penalty. What about hitting That guy On their way off the field? You should Bet able to just Absolutely light up David Teper. God That Would rock. Yeah, it'd bet. Cool if We had fans out there. Alright. Before We do the last two games. And talk. Steelers Cowboys, PF D. You wanna do a couple ads? Yeah.


Before We Get to these last games, they're brought to you by some of our best friends in the entire world. That would bet Mountain Dew. Mountain Dew ERs the best. I was drinking Mountain Dew earlier today. Delicious Mountain Dew knows That We all need to get off our ass more with bold flavors. And, refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will Get you off your ass. And, it's got have you feeling like you're On an actual mountain. I love the code Red. The Baja blast ERs also amazing love. Original Mountain Dew. When you're drinking Mountain Dew, you're On a mountain where the weather ERs always perfect. Your friends are ready to hang in A day of epic proportions. Awaits nothing like having a Mountain Dew And watching college football. Nothing like having a Mountain Dew after work. Nothing like having a Mountain Dew. Even if you're just really thirsty. Mountain Dew does It all. It's the absolute best. It's the mountain's calling And you should answer. Grab your friends. Grab an ice cold Mountain Dew. Wherever refreshing beverages are sold. And, you. Can do the dew.


This podcast ERs sponsored by BET help. Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears? That don't involve zombies. And Ghosts Therapy ERs a great tool for facing your fears. And. Finding ways to overcome them. Because sometimes the scariest thing ERs not facing our fears in the First place. And holding ourselves back. If you're the Vikings of starting therapy, give bet. Help a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to bet convenient, flexible, And suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. And you Can. Switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Overcome your fears of bet help visit BET help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your First month. That's bet help h ellp.com/pmt.


Okay, last couple games. Giants Seahawks. Look at the New York Giants. How about That? They had the ball for the entire First Half. Listen. So a lot of times Seahawks play weird fucked up games. And, there was a crazy play. That happened in this one. There's two crazy Plays. But in this game, the Giants kicked their ass. Yeah. From start to finish. The Giants were the much bet team. The Seahawks looked bad. On offense, the Seahawks looked bad. On defense, Daniel Jones played one of the bet games. I've seen him play recently. Yes. The Giants were just very good today. Yeah. No, It was, It was a bookend of crazy plays because We had the Giants have a 94 yard drive to the one yard line fumble at the goal line.


Seahawks pick It up, run It all the way back to start. Start the scoring And. Then to end the scoring, the the Giants who ERs the guy Ford. Wheaton, I believe jumped over the center. Perfectly timed It. And blocked, basically ate the football, blocked the tying field goal. And. Then Isaiah Simmons picked It up. And scored a touchdown. And. it was like Giants did in all three phases. Yeah. It was six. So On That last field goal. I went back, I watched the replay of It. You know what happened? On, It, They, It. They did a very smart play. It's technically not legal, but it's smart. What They did after the snapper snaps the ball. You're not allowed to block 'em.


You're not allowed to push 'em. There were two guys, On the Giants That were pushing. One guy was pushing down On, the back of the center. That snapped. It, the long snapper. And. The other guy was pushing down On the back of one of the guards, keeping them low. And. Then They jumped over their head, blocked the kick. And it got returned. Because if you touch the center, it's a penalty. It Should bet a penalty. Yeah. Yeah. To touch the long snapper within like, I think a second Or. So of him snapping the ball. Yeah. Maybe even longer than That. But yeah, They They did a very smart thing. That wasn't called It looked like when you fuck around in Madden And, you just go off sides to just bet like, fuck It. I just wanna block this no matter what. It Looked so easy. That. I thought to myself, why doesn't every team just do That? Right? And it also, It was, It was a quintessential play That.


If you're a Seahawks fan, you watched It And for at least three minutes. You're like, so they're got throw the flag, right? Yeah. Like the flag has to come out. There's the flag. Flag. This. Can't bet this Can't bet how this happened. Yeah. It was, It was a wild play. And. This also, now we've got a trend in the NFL Big Cat. Have you heard about the trend? No. The lions hangover. Oh. So yeah. I love these. I love these. Okay. So the Rams They played the Lions. Then They lost the Cardinals 41 to 10. Right? The Buccaneers They beat the Lions And. Then the next game, They lost to the Broncos. Yep. 26 to seven. Yep. The Cardinals lost to the Lions And.


Then They lost to the Commanders. Four, two to 14. Now the Seahawks lost to the Lions On. Monday night Football. And. Now They lose to the Giants. Wow. So Lions hangovers. I think it's a real thing. So It Sucks. That. They're On a bi week. 'cause We can't follow this trend right now. We Can't follow the trend. But We should. But remember It, this ERs an old trend. That would happen with Alabama. Actually. Brett Gilman's team in Arkansas. I, I would play this trend because They would just play like cement mixer games where They would just beat the fuck outta teams. And. Then They would just bet So beat up the next week. Yeah. You'd you'd go against them. You got no kneecaps left after you played the Lions. Yeah. And. This ERs where I Hank Can. You put in a reminder. Can. You try And do That. Sure. Yes. Who do the Lions play next week?


Let's look That up. On the old schedule. We. Yeah. And. Then find out And. Then We got We got We Got throw. Minus against them. got against them the week after. It's a two step process. You got That Hank, you feel good about this? So the Lions play the Cowboys Next week. Okay. And. Then the Cowboys play And. The Cowboys play. Cowboys play. Fuck. They're On. A buy. Damn. It. All right. So I'm not got Count That ERs being part of the trend. God damnit. No, you can't. So then They play the Vikings the week after And. Then we'll have to bet against the Vikings the week after That. If The Vikings are, if the Vikings are On a buy, I'm Got fucking They're not.


They're got buy this week. Oh yeah, that's right. Okay. Now Then the Cowboys play the 49 ERs. Yeah, I know. But they're, They're On A by the Cowboys have a by in between the Lions And, the 49 ERs to get healthy from playing against the Lions got It. It's like the Vikings are off this whole week. the Vikings Vikings Ooh They went over to England. They're giving the Cowboys That whole week off. 'cause They just had to play the lines. The Vikings play at the Rams. Short rest. Oh, I love Thursday night football. Love That. Love That. Wow. Hank, please remind us to Hammer the Rams hammer. The Rams On. October 24th. Hammer. I might put That in now. Hammer We got Look. Headline DraftKings does have some look headlines. I don't think They have That far.


Look ahead. But Hammer 'em That might bet one like Cooper Cups back Puka. Yeah. Hammer 'em. Yeah. Good for the Giants. This was the First time. That. The Giants had a 100 plus passer rating for a quarterback. 100 yards plus rushing 100 yard plus receiving receiver in the same game since 2014. Damn. Damn. It's been a minute. And. That's a long time And. it should have been worse because I think the Giants scored a touchdown. On That tumble return. Yeah. I think the ball was On the line when It was knocked out. But They for some reason, some stadiums just don't have sideline cams. Yeah. And show you down the goal line. I don't know.


Tyron Tracy was awesome. Running back Big 10. He played for Iowa. And Purdue. But He was He. He was filling And for Singletary. And He had 129 yards. And like Giants just had a good game. Plan D could still coach. Did you see the funny video after D shutting down the Instagram live in the, in the locker Room? I did see That. Yeah. It's like Turn That Bet not Bet. Posted. Yeah. That bet not bet Live. Yeah. Like yeah, that's exactly what It ERs Going live in the locker room ERs just such a weird move too. It ERs. Especially because there's this new, what's this whole fight that's Happening? So That was got Bet my who's back of the week. Okay, Let's save It. We'll save It. Save It, save It. Yeah. And ERs for the Seahawks. I don't know if they're bad. Or just super, super injured. But their defense was Gashed And, their offense couldn't really Get going till the very end.


I don't really know what to make of the Seahawks. I don't think That, they're bad. I think They just played the Lions. Yeah. But They are their defense ERs getting gashed. I mean, the Giants are not like an explosive team. And the Giants, were able to move the ball up. And down the field. I, I still don't think the They have a lot of injuries. They have a lot of injuries. They have a lot of injuries. I know That, I know That for a fact. Think Seahawks are got bet in the mix. Yeah. I I would agree. It's just, I don't know. It's just maybe when like, it's like We have a guy like Gino, Or a Sam. Darn. There's always just like a nagging piece of you that's just like, what if, what if they're back to That version? Yeah. You're got bet back. Do you know what I Mean? Yeah. You just Can never Get It outta your head.


And. I I I don't think Gino was, He was under pressure instantly. Almost. I think He got sacked seven times. And He was incredible the week before against the Lions. But there's just something in the back of your head that's just like, I don't know man. So We saw a lot of It. Yeah. We saw. But it's also Fucks you up mentally. Yeah, Because Like, again, He wasn't, I think It, like He wasn't great today, but It was also, He was pressured like crazy. And They just felt like They didn't never have the ball in the First Half never got into a flow. DK was kind of shut down by what's his name? DK looked kind of weird today. Deontay Banks DK had played. Really? who one of those weird games. But yeah, there's just something in the back of my head. It's just, if, if They Shake It, if either one of those guys walked out wearing their old Jets uniform, you'd bet like Get them off my team.


Yeah. Right. Ugh. Yeah. What The fuck? Okay. Last game. Packers 24. Rams 19. Now I know the Packers won And. I know Jordan Love looks great in the second half. That Pick six was so fucking funny. And I loved, I loved It so, so much. It was a great one. Wasn't It It. It Was. It's a gun. Slinger It looked like He was playing for Tennessee Titans. Oh, I know what you're saying. Yeah. I was got say It looked. It was It was Farve. Yeah. But He just He avoided getting safety because the That was, That was also just a perfect encapsulation of how much new rules sucked. Because the defender didn't want to hit him too hard because you never wanna Get a penalty got bounced backwards.


And then just threw It up into the other defender's hands for a Pick six. It's like He got knocked off balance. Yeah. You know, It was, It was very, very funny. He was like horizontal when He threw That too. But then He did bounce back. And. The Packers looked very, very good until the very end when somehow the Rams snuck back in this game. Yeah. They just find That the Ram. You can't Get rid of the Rams. The Rams are number one needed to buy. Yeah. So They got the pie week. They're one in four. They. They have a ton of injuries. They need to get healthy. They needed to buy very bad. I also, I hate to compliment the Packers in any way, but Xavier McKinney probably should bet defensive player of the year if He keeps this up. 'cause He has an interception in every single game so far.


Yeah. Crazy with having a good defense scoring guys for you. Nuts. But the Packers deserve credit. 'cause They don't usually go out. And, Get free agents. And. They got him. And. He has been very, very good. And, I think. Yeah. I don't, I The Rams are just It just shows like They Can lose all these, this talent. But if you have a good quarterback And coach, you Can always bet in these games. And like Stafford wasn't even That great today. But I don't know if They Get Healthy They could maybe start, start rattling off some games. I'm happy they're my pinky team. The, The Imagine If It was the Ravens, the Word I would use for the Rams would bet. Pesky. Yeah. They're pesky. You got bet ready to go. Yeah. If you, if you let 'em hang around.


They're A professional football Team. They are, they're Very much a professional football team. But yeah, the Packers I think, I think Jordan Love ERs got ERs fun ERs. That Pick six was, I think he's starting to Get, like warmed up And the knee injuries. Like, 'cause He kind of did the same thing last week where the First half He wasn't looking great. And then He got warm And, everything started to get a little easier. And made some big throws. Tucker Kraft happen. That, That That That passage. Jane Reed was sick in the First half That was a great throw. I Can admit It. I'll say It. Say It out loud. And And. They got a tight end. Tucker Craft was very good today. Yes. Yeah. So good, good games all around. Just a fun football Sunday.


Fun football Sunday Max. You wanna talk baseball real quick before, while We wait for the Cowboys And Steelers game to finish A ERs pretty On uneventful day.


Alright, Here rollback question RHOB k.com promo code. Take 20% off your First purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts rollback.com


Max, you're back alive. Alive. We have a Pulse. So Saturday sucked for you. Horrible because you were On the stream in New York Company. Man. Flying all the way there for just stream. By the way, after performing with Mount Joy On Friday. Oh yeah. You guys rocked. That was sick. That was fun. Max, you Guys were awesome. PFT was like PFT ERs like just ERs good a guitar at like anybody. Yeah. It not, that's not true. Yeah. I don't know. I We were just ripping It. Steve Ray Von PFT. Yeah. That's what They say. Max took his hair down. And when He let his hair down. And started head bagging. I That freed me up. Max. Yeah. We fed off each other. I was like, It was just, I'm, I'm free to rock And roll now because Max ERs leading the way.


I, The Mount Joy guys came by during the day. The awesome dudes. Awesome dudes. And awesome, awesome dudes. An amazing concert. Like yeah. If you any, any awls out there, go to a Mount Joy concert. Great fall music. So I I, I wasn't able to bet there because I was going up to Madison to have dinner with some friends, but I was listening to Mount Joy On the way up. 'cause They are great. Road trip, fall music. But I saw the clips. I watched all the clips. Biggest smile On my face. 'cause it's just great seeing the boys fucking rock. I think they're probably, you guys did my favorite Philadelphia sports fans. Yeah. And. They're, they're such cool dudes. They're the nicest guys in the world. Yeah. Yeah. Also They. I I, I heard a little story now in Chicago. You hear about the Dave Matthews band dumping the shit.


On the bus. Or On the, the boat of people. Yep. That. Were going On underneath the Kedzie Street Bridge. Right? Yeah. On. The On. The Chicago River. I feel like I have to educate people about something. That, I learned the fact That It wasn't actually Dave Matthews' tour. Bus That did It. It was their violinist. Tour Bus O That did It And. Dave Matthews being a standup guy has taken the blame for It for all these ERs. But It was Dave Matthews band. It was his violinist. Had his own tour bus. But he's in the band. He's in the band. And. Dave probably at the time couldn't say, you know what, It actually wasn't me. It was my violin player. That would've seemed kind Weird. That would've been in a lot of trouble. But the fact That He hasn't said It over the ERs. And has taken the blame for It standup guy.


That ERs That ERs standup guy move. Yeah. Also the full story They emptied their septic tank. On the bridge And it went On to the architecture boat tour. Yeah. Yes. I know. But yeah, me, me, me. Yeah. For People listening, I just wanna, For people listening like the fuck story. I feel like it's, I feel like the Dave Matthews band tour bus story ERs like Pete Weber Day. I didn't know about It until Chicago. Yeah. Until I moved Chicago. I didn't know got It. It was It was 800 pounds of shit. And piss. Yeah. The gray water That fell onto tourists. Yeah. Terrible. I Can never reckon Terrible. Yeah, But you're Phillies. Congratulations. Yeah. So sorry. So play off baseball. You know what? Let's talk Phillies last card killed the Tigers.


But They, I think S Scbu ISS going Monday. So That They should have a chance there. Yankees struggle with the Royals. But one game, one And. Then We have the Padres Dodger series, which has all the bad blood That. I love Dodgers won Game one Padres hit a thousand home runs. Game two fans Are throwing shit onto the field. Yeah. This series ERs got bet. Awesome. Bad sports town. Max. I'll step And for you. Imagine if Philadelphia did That. I was trying to look up who the probable pitcher was for the Tigers. What were you saying? And Dodge Fans. I think S Scuba ERs pitching Dodge's fans were throwing shit onto the field. That's fucked up. If That was in Philly, It would bet.


But Then Padre's fans were throwing It back. Which Or Padres were throwing It back, which was awesome. I like That. Yeah. Yep. They should, They should bet Allowed to do That. Absolutely. Should bet Allowed to do It. Absolutely. I saw another thing, That They were like, yeah, It's, it's Scbu. On On Monday. Okay. I saw another, I saw a tweet. Someone said It was like people in the Dodgers were throwing shit onto the field. So then the Padre just started hitting home runs into at the people. Yeah. Yeah. That's A good one. Yeah. That ERs good. That also might bet what I meant by throwing It back. 'cause that's what I read the same thing. And. I thought They were literally Throwing It back. Oh, okay. That's probably what They doing. Doing That makes more sense. I think that's what It was. I That Makes, I don think They were actually Throwing, throwing shit back. But It was a weird like long delay.


Yeah. We, who's the, the Padre's left fielder profile. He was talking shit after He robbed That home run. Which ERs awesome. And also kind of a smoltz I think said It. On the broadcast, if any fan there was wearing a glove wouldn't have Happened. Yeah, good point. So you should bet wearing a Glove if Harbaugh was there. Yeah. He was On. If ball ball guy was there. He On a bi week. Right? He Was been, Harbaugh's got a glove. You should have brought him to the game. He Should have been there. But yeah, the And. Then We have the Mets in Phillies. The game one Max. I was watching you On, On, That stream the whole time. It was painful to watch you because I think I saw It in your head when Schwarber hit the home run to start the game.


You were like, this ERs got fucking rock We. Yeah. Because in the NLDS last year, like We just hit so many home runs, Right? And, you're like, this ERs got rock. This ERs how it's got Bet we're bet than them. We're got fucking hit. We're got Mash home runs. These aren't the brewers. I think That was your exact words, but then the lights started to go out of your eyes. ERs the game got longer And. Longer And Wheeler was dealing And. You just weren't hitting any more home runs. And. I think you knew deep down you're like this ERs setting up to the worst And. That's what happened. And. Then tonight, I actually think Max tonight might've been the, the like the shift in the series because the Mets did what they've been doing.


I did. I see the stat They have 44 comeback wins this year. It's insane. And Mets did what They do. They were down six four. And. They tied the game in the eighth. And. You guys still Or was It the ninth. They Tied. They tied. In the ninth. The ninth. We were two out. We had two hours To go. So It was got bet like, oh, here are the Mets. This ERs a team of destiny. This ERs what They do. But you guys might have killed That because you staved It off. And won. I Don't know if We killed It, but I think That We showed That. We Can also We Can. Also, you could also beat a team of destiny. Not destiny, but like No, You no, no. You beat them. You're the team of destiny. You might've stolen destiny from No, you Get team of destiny. You can't bet a bye. Team And. Bet team of destiny.


Yeah. You Can. If you beat the team of Destiny. ERs, That, how They all if you It, if you Them in a team of destiny type fashion, which you did tonight. That way. We Can. Always have the team of Destiny win. And, We, Can say, Hey look, We were right Team of destiny. See This way. If the Mets come back, And They beat the Phillies, then They just took the team of destiny back from you guys. Right? And. If you beat the Phillies in the Or, if you beat the Mets in this series, you're now the new team of Destiny. Then let's say the Padres beat you now they're the team of Destiny. I Can see them Being team Of Destiny too. Then They Get to the World Series And. The Yankees guardians beat 'em. Guardians were always the team of destiny. See how right We were, I Think really the only team That can't bet the team of Destiny ERs the New York Yankees. Yeah. I'm done listening about this.


Or Dodgers. Or Dodgers. Dodgers. Can't bet tv. Destin either. Yeah. But this game was awesome. The Phillies were so dead. Like zero Life in any On. Any one of That team And. Then Bryce Harper hit the home run. And. it was incredible. The whole team started to hit ERs soon. ERs Bryce did. Casianos was amazing. Yeah. Casianos absolute day. Two drives to left. Right We Who had a home Run. A home run. And. Then the walk-off Like the walk-off single. That's what I'm saying. How did Jimmy Carter survive two deep drives to left by Castano. That's insane. Crazy. Nothing. Can kill this man. Also earlier in the game. So Philly fans were very pissed ERs. You could imagine after scoring like one, basically one run And a game.


And a half. Yeah. And Casianos was getting a lot of shit for swinging at Balls In the Dirt. Yeah. And He laid off of one. And. The crowd erupted because It like mocking him. And there the camera cut to him. And. He. He was just shaking his head. And saying, these fucking guys like talking about the fans. Yeah. And. Then right after That, He had like the best game of his career. That's All up. So All a Philly fans were being like, bullying works. Last year It was, yeah, bullying works. Last year It was It was Trey Turner That. You guys willed back through rounds of applause, right? And? Yes. This was the opposite. And this. No, you applauded for him though. Yeah. I guess It was. Yeah, It wasn't a It. It was a mocking AP Applause. Yeah, but still Philly.


Applause. It gets the job done. Facts And. Then Max. Max delivered a, an all time showing On the stream too. Because He just He got closer. And closer to the TV to watch ERs. The game went. On, And. He was Just, He was sitting crisscross. Just looking like a big baby. Yeah. Like in a, I mean, That in like not you're a baby. I mean literally looking like a big baby. You're sitting baby style On the ground. Yeah. It was great. Like a 3-year-old sitting down trying to keep your attention while They do colors. Yeah. We Should stick with That baby style. Baby Style ERs not got sit like That. That's good for you. Max And. People love It when Max gets like this. We haven't seen him like this in a while, but when He gets to best, when He gets so excited, And happy That. He actually gets mad.


Like you're, I dunno if you know this about yourself Max, but your natural reaction when good things happen to you ERs you Get mad. You Get angry at at, I don't know who you Get angry at. You have to bet angry at somebody. Oh, He gives the hardest high fives Ever. And. You Get the scowl On your face. He, He. He tries to hit through your hand. Yeah. You're so happy. That. You're extremely upset. Yeah. And. I love It baseball ERs just, there's so many moments throughout a game, And. It's, it's really, it's, it's tough. It's tough. You Fought. Yeah. Today was a good one. Today you had to fight for this one. Today was a good one. I mean it's still any one series got got Take one in New York. Got take one in New York. We. You literally have to take one of Literally. Yeah. Yeah.


Like if you don't take one in New York. The series. Series, the series ERs over. ERs Over maxed. Alright, so next game must win. Yeah. Actually, Actually must win what you mean. Actually, you lied about the other one. Sounds like you lied about It. We. Yeah. Because We didn't win. And. I'm not, it's not over. Okay. 'cause We told you That though. Yeah. I thought It was must win, but now This one's must win. Who's going? Who's On the bump? We have, who's On the bump? We have Nola. On the bump. Oh, let's go. So We switched our ERs. He. Good. We again. Yeah, he's good. Oh. Oh, okay. We switched him. He normally would bet our two, our second pitcher. But our second pitcher ERs really bad. On Or, our third pitcher ERs really bad. On the road. And really good at home. So We had him go pitch second at home.


And. Then Nola got It. Trust Nola to go On The road. And. Who do the Mets have Memes? Said He thinks Maniah. Oh, okay. Max. I'm confused though. When you said That. It turns out That game one wasn't must win because then you Can come back. And win another one. Wouldn't That bet the exact scenario? That we're talking about going into the Skin free. No, but like Ranger Suarez has been pretty bad in the second half. So And Noel has been good. So you don't want to rely On a situation where like They think Ranger Suarez will probably only go like four innings. And. Then it's a bullpen game. And, our bullpen's been really bad, so that's why tomorrow's must win. Got It. Okay. Yep. It's Nola verse Manaya. Okay. Got It. Okay. We just finished the Steelers Cowboys game.


The weather delay game. It's past midnight. That was going to bet the most Steelers win ever when who was It? Who knocked the ball out. That was one of the coolest goal line tackles The linebacker I've ever. Troy Palama. Troy Palama with a haircut. One of the coolest tackles I've ever seen. But then Dak clutched up. And won the game. I would say Dak clutched up twice. Yeah. He clutched up by recovering That fumble. True And then He. Unc clutched for a second. He Unc Unclenched. When He skipped That ball in about five yards short of Tolbert hit his receiver in the nuts. Yep. Off the ground. Cowboys took a time out in part to let Tolbert s nuts recover.


Correct. 'cause He was not able to walk out there. And then. Yeah. Found him in the end zone. Crazy ending. But yeah, That would've been the perfect Steelers game. And. it feels like the Steelers play games like this every single week where They do nothing. On offense. Yeah. They have like one Or, two decent drives. Yep. And, their defense just plays their lights out. And, They. Get one. Or Two huge turnovers. And win the game. And, you're like, are the Steelers good? We the Oh shit. Jordan Lewis. Cowboys Cornerback said Pittsburgh needs a receiver. George Pickens weak. 'cause George Pickens did try to fight the other team after the game, which was pretty stupid. Pretty Standard for George Pickens. Yeah, but this ERs, this does feel like the good vibes.


Steelers starting three And. Oh, Justin Fields looked good. Kind of fell back to earth tonight because the Cowboys came in with a bunch of injuries. They were underdogs. Steelers are ready to go. And a winnable game. That They just don't have enough offense for Yeah, again, couldn't run the ball. Justin Fields was not what We saw in the First. Three weeks. And, And. He didn't play like terrible, terrible. But It just their offense just was tough to watch. And. And, It looked like a lot of Steelers games. That we've seen, right? It looked like a ton of Steelers games. And. The Cowboys might have saved their season because if They had lost this game, not only would They Bet two And, three And, two games back from the Commanders.


But also you would've had an entire week of CD Lamb Dak Prescott discourse after cd. Lamb. I think He yelled. Jump ball. Jump ball after Dak Prescott read CD's route Wrong possibly And threw an interception in the First Half And. Then CD Lamb basically went 25 minutes without getting a target after That. Yeah. That's all We would've talked about this week. All We would've talked about And. it It. It almost went ended twice in very, very Steelers fashions. The First time when Dak ran out of bounds at like the half yard line. Yes. And then We almost got the fumble through the end zone Touchback rule to end the game. That probably would've been and more appropriate Steelers ending.


Yep. 'cause It would've been just like a little bit weirder. But yeah, the Cowboys They did. They did what They had to do. Mike McCarthy wins his homecoming game. And, who was It was It. Damien Woody That said last week. Should the Cowboys start tanking? Who? I guess not. I guess pro, I guess probably not through, through just the end of September. They Probably should are the Cowboys bet without Michael Parsons. They might bet. Bet without Michael Parsons. They might bet. Bet without Michael Parsons. But It did feel like 'cause especially 'cause the Cowboys have coming up. The Lions And, the 49 ERs. This was a game They had to have. 'cause you know, lions And 49 ERs. Especially if the 49 ERs Get Desperate Lions off of buy. Then for at 49 ERs you could have been staring at, you know, a two And, two And, five record.


Yeah. Especially 'cause then you have to play the 49 ERs after you played the Lions. Correct. Correct. Which we've, oh no, that's the bi week. It's the Bye week. Yeah, that's week We talked about. Did you see George Pickens Eye Black tonight? No. Oh my God. All right. So George Pickett, he's one of my favorite players to watch in the NFL. He. Really ERs, I dunno if he's one of my favorite players, but he's Definitely not one of my favorite Players. He does just crazy shit every single week. Yeah. And this week, They zoomed in, On his face for a second. And his eye. Black said, open fucking always across It. Oh, not always fucking open. It was open. Fucking always. Okay. And. When I look at That, I think to myself, how, why did He write It like That? I think He knew That. When you look at yourself in the mirror, That, you're supposed to bet able to read things backwards.


So He wrote the last word, First, but He didn't write the letters backwards in them. Got It. So It was just the last word. First. Then fucking right across the bridge of his nose. Then always I Would, I would imagine He had someone write It for him. You don't think He put It down? And then wrote It with a marker. And then took the eye black off the adhesive. Maybe that's what I think He did. Or Or. Someone On the equipment staff. But yeah. Yeah, that's, I don't know if any team employee would've written That On his eye. He'd probably been like, Hey Mike, I don't think, am I allowed to write this? I think if George Pickens asked you to do anything, you'd probably just Do It. Yeah, probably. But yeah, That. That. That's aggressive eye black. Or. It's aggressive. A game where, I don't know what, I don't think He did much at all. It feels like George Pickens just They. Take a couple shots to him.


And either all of em. Miss Or, one of em will hit And. They'll just bet like, holy shit, he's awesome. He had three for 26. Yeah. With a long He. Also got a face mask after the end of the game. He He grabbed The Cowboys guy. He's got Get fined. Yep. That'll bet a fine Also. Good job. Chris Collinsworth. And. Mike Tico for staying up. They mentioned That like seven times. Like, oh man. All the coffee That we've drank. It's like maybe an hour later It's football. It was an hour. Hour And, 15 minute delay. Yeah. You got to watch football tonight guys. You're fine. It was a perfect ending to a great football weekend though. I feel so satisfied with football. Listen, We, We would never complain about having to stay up late. It ERs 12, 10 right now. I could use a game right now.


If you told me there's a game right now, I'd, I'd bet like, let's do It. I'd watch all nighter with the boys 'cause It, there's just something about a good game. It wasn't a good game, but It was a exciting game in the end ending where you just have That moment where you're like, fuck, I could use some more football. I could always go for another Game. You use double head. Or. We. Guess What? We got one tomorrow night. Yeah. And. We have one the next day. And the next day. And the next Day. Yeah, That's right. 55 days. Alright, let's finish up with who's back.


PFT. You got one last ad for Us? Yeah. Who's back of the week? ERs brought to You by Coors Light Love Coors. Light Mountains are blue mountains. Were blue at Mount Joy On. Friday Max And. I had some Mount, some Mount Joy Blue Mountains. It was fantastic. It was fantastic. Cold beer. Nothing like watching a concert. When you're drinking Coors Light. There's no sports experience. Quite like the rivalries We. See in college football. And now On. Saturdays you Can Get even closer to the action. With Coors Light. And DraftKings, Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for the free to play college football. Pick em pools. You Can pick winners. For a chance to win big, I had Vandy. But when the rivalries heat up, choose chill And, then reach for an ice cold Coors Light. When you're looking to keep It chill, there's only one beer to choose. It's Coors Light. The mountains On the bottles And. The cans even turn blue when your beer ERs cold. So you know when your mountain cold refreshment ERs ready for you. When things heat up, it's a good time to choose Chill. And Crack Open a Coors Light. Coors Light ERs so, so good, especially this time of year. It's the best Saturdays Get hotter. But you Can. Choose Chill with Coors Light. And DraftKings Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21. And up eligibility restrictions apply. Avoid where? Prohibited Seat terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors light Pick six them Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Alright, who's back to the week? Hank My who's back to the week ERs Bronny James. Yeah, The NBA preseason ERs happening. So He has been getting his First minutes of NBA experience. Yep. It's not going We. What Do you mean And? This could just bet my algorithm. And And my anti LeBron. You know, life That I've lived, but I saw a video. That went pretty viral of just breaking down how like bad He was in his, just in the First preseason game. He played in terms of like spacing, passing courts, everything. So everything He was doing was, was was bad. And. Yeah.


I Mean he's not an NBA player. And, But He ERs On an NBA game. Yeah, I know. That's, it's crazy. I agree with you. Yeah, like it's, it's he's bad. Really, really bad. Yeah. They had a moment where They stood next to each other when They both got in at the same time. Tonight It was James And, then James Jr. LeBron went up to him, stood next to him with his jersey. Right. And He knew That. There were cameras behind him. Yeah. But probably a pretty cool moment for LeBron. Yeah. Very cool. We like ERs. It. Does He have those moments now? And. And. And. They're got Get rid of him. No, he's definitely staying. How long Can you? How long Can you keep That up ERs Long ERs. LeBron's On the Lakers. It would Bet very funny if LeBron traded his son Who would trade for him.


Yeah. Good point. He's got Bet who a report came out. That said the Warriors wanted to take him but did out of respect for LeBron. Oh wow. Wow. Which I'm guessing came from LeBron. I think It was Also LeBron Saying if you draft him, He won't play for you. No. He Hank's. Right. It was LeBron ERs saying, 'cause He wants people to back off On the idea. That He wasn't got Get drafted. So got put, put It out. He said put the teams. Yeah. Yeah. That was definitely LeBron reporting That. I wanna see him play. It'd bet fun. Yeah, me too. Yeah. Especially like if He costs him a game. That'd bet. Crazy. That'd bet. Really crazy. Yeah. And. If He LeBron controls JJ like they're saying, then That conversation's got happen.


Yeah. By the way, Hank, I know We talked college football wins, but congrats. Thank you. Huge win. Thank You. Big upset. Yeah. I mean you, it's always good to bet the defending national champion. Did you watch It? No, But It was a big win. It was a big win. Yeah. You're Huskies. I'm happy for my Huskies ERs There a moment. That. You Get into co college football. Or? No. No. Okay. That's fine. I thought maybe like sometime in like, like when golf ends. Yeah, Probably. Okay. No, it's been beautiful weather. It has been, it's been Gorgeous. I think it's got take like the sun, like you have Belichick coaching your team.


If like Tom Brady's son was the quarterback, then you Get into It. Yeah, That'd bet Your team. Yeah. Alright. Pft Or, who's Back my who's back of the week, ERs attacks On, the First amendment. Oh. Because they're trying to limit freedom of the press. The N-F-L-P-A ERs trying to tell the media where They Can And cannot go. And the place That They cannot go ERs in the locker room anymore. Don't We do this every few ERs. So It says, over the past three ERs, the N-F-L-P-A has tried to work with the NFL And, the Pro Football Writers of America to move media interviews out of the locker rooms. However, there has been little willingness to collaborate On a new solution players feel That locker room interviews invade their privacy And are uncomfortable.


This isn't about limiting media access, but about respecting players' privacy, And dignity, the NFL's current media policy ERs outdated We call On, the NFL to make immediate changes to foster more respectful And safer workplace for all players. In the meantime, We encourage each player to ask, ask for interviews outside locker room during the week. Hmm. So basically what's happened over the past three ERs, ERs the NF LPA ERs like, Hey, Can, you let us put our pants On before you interview us. Yeah. And. The journalists are like, no. Absolutely. That's when you Get the good stuff. Yeah. When you're, when you're interviewing a fully nude man, They have no choice but to bet honest with you, And. So now the NFL has not really been able to make any ground with the NFL, with the writers, the pro football writers And.


So the NFL PA ERs now just saying, Hey, if you're a naked player in the locker room, tell all the writers That. You'll talk to 'em after you put your clothes. On got It outside of the locker room, got It It ERs, It ERs, kind of weird That in sports. We just send journalists into the locker rooms when players are literally naked And, they're like, Hey, now ERs our time to interview you. Like imagine if We interviewed somebody naked. On part of my take. Yeah. I mean they're, they're not naked. There's people in the background. That might bet naked, but guys aren't naked. They have towels. Like Yeah. Towels Covering them Sometimes. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think reporters go up to 'em when they're naked. I think It happens. I Don't know about That. I think It happens Fully naked. I think It happens.


Yeah. I I I honestly, part of me obviously understands. Yeah, it's weird. That, the reporters are in there, but I also think That, those usually usually Get the best quotes And the raw reactions in those moments. That's True. Where it's like, you'll, if, if everyone Can compose themselves, I, I guess It Falls On. Like which, what are you looking for? Are you looking for cliches? And guys being able to have like 30 minutes to collect their thoughts. Yeah, I guess That would bet fair to the players, but I also kind of like when a player says something crazy right after a game. 'cause That makes for the best stories. And. That's what We Get to talk About. Yeah. When they're Get when they're furious after a loss. Right. Or when they're like very, very happy right after a win.


Yeah. You Get bet stuff for sure. I just think it's strange That there are people That are actually like nude in the locker room. And then the reporters are just like walking around them. Yeah. I mean there's a lot of people in those locker rooms though. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I couldn't understand the debate when I saw It. I was just like, what's going On? I, what are We got? Because It feels like Are They got stop It. Or. No We. They're telling all the players. If you feel uncomfortable, tell the reporter I'll do my interview later. Got It. But I don't think That, there's any change that's So the reporters still Can go in there. The Reporters Can still go in there. And. I Also think don't They give them a little bit of time before They open the locker room. I They do. So it's not like instant. I think They give 'em a little bit of time.


And then that's when most of the guys actually shower. Right. And then They come back from their shower. Right. And. Get changed. Got It. Yeah. Alright. My who's back? 'cause I didn't have one ERs That. I just always, I don't know, do you guys do this On Sunday nights when you, when We leave. And finish. I just look at next week's slate right away. Yeah. You wanna look at It real quick? Yeah. Yeah. Let's do It. Alright. So We have this the another perfect setup of an of London game And. Then six games early And. Four games late, which I love. Yep. Not the best sleep, but I want to, I wanna point to a couple Buck Saints Also 49 ERs. Seahawks. On. Thursday. Th 49 Seahawks. There's a Buck Saints, Commanders Ravens, early Lions Cowboys in the afternoon.


ERs got bet. Awesome. And then Bengals Giants will bet fun because Bengals are fighting for their life. I like That. Yeah. My who's back ERs always just more football. I do That every single Sunday night. I just go look, look through the next week. Maybe even look a week ahead sometimes too, just to get excited about It. Texans. Patriots. Hank That would bet. Big Huge And then. Yeah. Bill's Jets next Monday night. Get Get, right game for you, max. Yeah. Eagles. Browns Baseball, but Phillies. Phillies. You Phillies just got do It. I, I'm, I'm, I'm focused. Focused. Confident. My voice ERs My voice ERs also Cooked. Yeah. You got take a day off. You have a day off. Yeah. You just scheduled a day off right now.


Alright. Great. Show boys Football. What a fucking week. What a weekend of football. Can't wait to talk to college football. Wednesday. Shout out Vandy. Shout out Vandy. What a fucking goal. Post And. That's That slate. I was just looking at That slate for this Weekend. Oh Yeah. Awesome. Oh yeah, college. This ERs this ERs the best looking slate of college football games maybe I've ever seen. Oh, Two weeks from Now, dude. Yeah. No, two, I think two weeks from now. ERs even BET ERs. It bet. I believe so. Georgia Texans. That's pretty good. O Ohio State. Oregon's got rock. But yeah, this, I mean, but that's the thing with college football this week was supposed to bet a bad slate. And. it was incredible. Yeah. This was the best weekend so far. It just went nuts.


Everything went nuts. Yeah. Wait, no, that's not two weeks. That's, that's ERs It. Two weeks Or. No, it's, I'm looking right now. Let's look at It. This ERs fun. Just looking at future football slates fu Oh yeah. Oregon, Michigan, Ohio State. Penn State ERs This where? The geo, the Alabama, I, I Don't know Ohio State. Penn State ERs. Yeah. November. I don't know what means so October. I don't know what means Here. We go. October 18th. We've got Georgia Texans, we've got Miami, Louisville, we've got Alabama, Tennessee, Michigan, Illinois.


That's a good slate. Good slate. I, I think this upcoming weekend ERs the best slate though. Yeah, it's got bet. Great. It's bet, bet. Great. Alright. Numbers Five seven PFT memes. Have you ever gotten this? No. 11, no three memes hasn't gotten It anywhere. And, that's not talked about. That's, that's a good point, Max. That's not talked about enough. Yeah. That's More impressive. No, you've never, What's what's, what's the guy's number? That got the big hit tonight. Stop. 99 PI don't know. That's all right. Numbers are stupid. About 23, 2, 1. Hank, what'd you guess?


7 47. See everyone. On Wednesday.