
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have football Week eight. Holy shit. We've got a lot to get through. Incredible witching hour. Obviously the Bears Commanders game, which we will start with Will, will, will make an exception even though it was an afternoon game, it was a wild, wild Sunday. We're gonna start with Fastest Fastest minutes, and then we'll get into every single game. We also have some World Series to talk about who's back of the week.


It's gonna be a hell of a show, And.


It's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA is finally back. A new season means new ways to get into the action. And DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA who's draining threes from behind the A behind the arc, who's crashing the boards and grabbing rebounds. Get behind your favorite players and the prop bets you can make on DraftKings the home of NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the DraftKings Sports book Gap and place your bet first time. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in Bonus bets. Instantly take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five Bucs only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling Problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/b ball.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. Yeah, and my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five Bucs only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, October 28th, week eighth. What? What? What Some spread. Let us be the first to wish a happy national tight ends day to all those that celebrate. And a happy Halloween In Houston where this election day our second amendment rights are at risk. After an AR 15 fired erratically on Sunday, Joe mix in a water kept the Colts defense sober in a back and forth affair. As Josh Downs goes, Frazier was able to keep the cults close.


The cults had a chance to tie it late, but it was Danil Hunter s Thompson who went Gonzo mode on the struggling cults qb ending the game for the Texans. Texans 23 Colts 20 Wha what We go down to Tampa Bay where Kirk did you know FDR married his cousins was wheeling a new dealing. No one thought he could use his legs, but here he is going for 13 yards. Getting Falcons fans out of a great depression, Chris Kyle Pitts cut a body from a long distance away. And it was literally a no scope as the refs didn't have a good angle to see if he scored. Cade Otten in the Empire made the defense look like Turkeys and was a Constantinople presence in the Falcons end zone.


Scoring twice the Falcons. Walk into your trap. Take over your trap. Falcons 31, Bucs 26 in Miami where the Dolphins were back to playing two a girls one cup. But this time their quarterback learned how to slide, making sure no one in attendance threw up. Trey McBride and Prejudice was a tough read for the Miami Defense going for 124 yards on the afternoon. The Cardinals hung tough leaving it up to Chad Ryland boy living in the Caribbean to kick the game winner. Hey, whatever happened to those guys? tj, they sucked each other's dicks. Boom. Oh, sorry for asking Cardinals 28 Dolphins 27. We head to Cincinnati where Max was on the scene.


Jalen skirt skirts was put in the turbo mode after rushing for three touchdowns and adding another in the air. The Rookie corner duo of Snooper Deje and Quizon Mitchell were playing young and wild and free while forcing the Bengals receivers to drop it like it's hot. After getting blanked last week, Devonte Sam Smith told AJ Brown, you know you are not the only one. As he went off for 85 yards at a touchdown Jamar, Johnny Chase said, I am the fucking game pal when he secured one of the only touchdowns for Cincy. But unfortunately it was not enough to secure the victory.


Eagles 37 Bengals 17. We head on over to Foxborough where Hank is on the scene for a stunning huh huh stunning result Down to the lighthouse where the team with the worst record in the NFL and the projected number one draft pick with an unfathomable amount of dissension in the locker room and a banged up offensive line. The New England Patriots went up against the super team New York Jets and the Explos from Aaron Rogers into FTE Adams Duo in the first quarter, Drake May was run man, run man, run man, run man. As he scampered for 17 yards in a touchdown, Tyler sound Lin caught a two yard touchdown of his own to tie the game.


The Jets seemingly had the game wrapped up in the fourth quarter after Braylon great joy. Allen's scored a go ahead touchdown with three minutes left. But Ram Ram, Andre Stevenson said, what is dead may never die as he scored with 25 seconds left to give the Patriots the win 25 22 Over to Detroit where everybody loves Raymond Klif had 190 return yards and a touchdown. Freemason Rudolph and the Tennessee Titans are starting a secret society of sock And. it was on full display against the Lions. There's a laport on the Midwest Bay And. it serves a hundred catches a day. The la the Lion say Danny, you are a fire coach.


What a good champ you would be. But we got golf A and Monte we're top seat The lion 50 toes on Titans 14 Out west to Las Vegas, where Xavier drama four, your mama worthy scored early as the Chiefs look to Kareem Pi hunt the Raiders in Mark Davis's house. Travis Scott Kelsey was fending the end zone as he scored for the first time this season. As the Raiders are last TRO world in the A FC West. The Chiefs now seven and oh debuted their newest weapon. Deandre Anthony Hopkins as they look to eat the NFL's live with some fava beans and a nice canty Chiefs 27, the Raiders 20.


We head out west where memes and Shane wrote a boomer And. we have no idea how it's gonna go. We go to sunny LA where Dennis Allen has had it with these motherfucking Spencer RA rattlesnakes in this motherfucking game. Justin Gatlin, Herbert Gashed, the Saint Steve for 50 rushing yards while JK Rowling Dobbins said, when guardian leosa and floated his way into the for a touchdown, Joe Rogan Alt asked Jim Harbaugh how they planned to beat the Saints. Two things I said, lad McConkey, you're going in Blake Group six tried to bang 24 guys points, I mean by himself, but came up shy Saints eight Chargers 26, Great job memes.


We go down to row John Maryland at a stadium that appropriately looks and feels like a toilet bowl because there's a matchup of number one and number two, Zach Earth. So good. Come on baby. Make it earth so good. Sometimes gloves don't stick like they should, even though it's all good. Joe Tory Taylor earned his Aussie punch stripes saying, is this punt returnable? No, no, no, no, no. The Bears dialed up the fridge plate to put the game on ice, but fumble as Donald Trump. Newton stopped the special Russian military operation saying You don't want to do that. Mad Damir, he flu the Bears took the lead on a late score.


But then Jaden, Daniel Day Lewis went method acting as the good old version of Aaron Rogers and threw a Hail Mary where Tyre Stevenson put his left hand up, the Commanders ha 18 to Bears 15, Standing on the corner, Jamis Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fine sight to see. He's now QB one. The Browns are having fun. The Lamar can't beat the A FC. His arms are heavy. He's calm and ready and there's vomit on his sweater.


Browns 29, Ravens 24. And that is the Fastest Two minutes of week eight.


Brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why is that Silverado as a partner or partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of Pardon, My, Take jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado's been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year at Grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings a grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com to build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover world of strength and capability. All behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week eight in the books. What a, what A Sunday it was. Yeah. What a Sunday it was. We don't usually start with games in the afternoon, but let's rip the bandaid off. That's why pretty much everyone is here. Commanders 18, Bears 15 PFTI give you the floor. That was, I don't don don't think so. I should take The floor. I feel like people, people tune in for sickest reasons. Well, we should have, we should have probably taped immediately after, because when, so the game was horrendous to watch. Kale played really bad for three quarters. He played really great for the last quarter, had two touchdown drives.


One, two game winning touchdown drives. One that was not a touchdown drive because we decided to hand the ball off to Doug Kramer. That was a wild call. That was just insane, wild watching that it's, it's tough what Bears fans have to go through with, with the coaching and the, the play calling this year. That's why you have a fullback. It. That's why you have a guy on your Roster's, Rashan Johnson, Who's a, a fullback or yeah, just a, a short yardage running back. But you can't expect, you can put like a, a backup offensive lineman in the game and deputize him as a fullback and be like, just go block somebody. But you never give the ball to that guy unless it's like William Perry. Well, he's even on defense. Well, The best way I could describe that play was that was a play that you run when you're up three touchdowns and you're trying some fuck shit.


Not a play that you run when your offense can't do absolutely anything for an entire game. And you still have a chance to win the game and you decide to do that. That's not the time and place. But anyway, we can get to the coaching and all that shit. 'cause I got thoughts on that. The, the Hail Mary happens and I was, at first I was just like, of course, because I kind of, we, we were sitting in the gambling cave White Sox Dave, who I love, but he was like, I'll never apologize for a win. After the Bears scored a touchdown to go up one. And I was like, dude, we got a two point conversion and there's 23 seconds left. I thought my best hope at that point was to get a pick two on the two point conversion.


Yeah. Oh, I thought a field goal was still in play just because, you know, the, you can, you can get a bomb field goal. There's a timeout, but I never thought it would be that. And the minute Jayden Daniels got like the second, like he scrambled and then he got a second scramble in the pocket. I think I I think you can watch the video. And I was like, oh no. Oh no. Because that's, that means everyone's set up, everything's set up. And then to have it be a tip pass just perfectly land into Noah Brown's hands. I went in, what I would say is just shock. And like, I went up to my office and I was sitting there and my body, it felt like I had the fever.


A fever because my body was like overheating And. it was just like numbness all around, like my legs were numb. That, and then, and then I finally calmed down or not calmed down. I was calm because I was, I, I was numb. I finally came to, I wanna say, and then I went online and saw Tyreek Stevenson waving to the Commanders fans and talking shit. And then not doing his job, which was to be the guy covering Noah Brown in that situation. And I went numb again. Yeah. So Tyreek Stevenson, he was talking shit to Terry McClure earlier in the game. I think he got a personal foul. He, he did the point through a guy's face mask. Yeah, that guy's a piece of shit.


And then on the, on the last play, he was definitely lined up on that side of the field with Noah Brown. Didn't see the ball get snapped because he was waving at the fans. You can see Bears fans pointing to him to tell him to go fucking play the, the play Go play defense. Yeah, good coaching. Go do your job That were there. And so then he runs into the big mess of humanity, loses track Noah Brown, who's the trailing guy who that's what he's supposed to be doing. That's What Tyre Stevenson is supposed. Hes supposed to be guarding him. Yeah. He's Supposed to be behind and yeah, there's just, he got to the Ball first. Yeah, he did. He put his left hand up. Yeah, he saw Where he was supposed to be though. He was not supposed to be there. It was, it was a crazy last play. So going back, I thought Jayden played really well today. I thought he had an awesome game, an outstanding game.


And the rib I have, I have a theory that his rib was never actually hurt. I think that after that first run of the Panthers game, the coaching staff was like, Hey Jayden, it's the Panthers. You just ran easily for 50 yards. First play of the game, let Marcus take over, go to the training room. And then all week long it was all secret. They couldn't get a picture of the guy. He was like, Bigfoot, you couldn't find him anywhere. And then he gets out there and immediately starts running and running well with the ball. And he played awesome. The red zone often stinks, but I think maybe the, the working theory is just don't bother with the red zone, just throw the ball from the opponent's 40 yard line every time and that'll work out. So he held the ball for 12.7. Yeah, 12.7 seconds on the Hail Mary that he threw, which is the longest, I think that's the longest in the history of next gen stats to hang onto a ball before throwing a touchdown pass.


And, and I just wanna say, 'cause I saw some Bears fans being like, what about the holds? Tyreek Stevenson negates all the holds. Yeah, that's, that's who you should be worried about. There's no, there's no, you know, we talk about all the time that when you have a, a call go against you and you do the screen grabs and you put put, it doesn't matter when you have a fucking defensive back, not even paying attention to the play. That's where all the blame goes. And. it goes to ev, ebra, flu And, it goes to everyone on the coaching staff and, and the shit that they threw out there after a bye week But. yeah. That there's no, you can't be like, hold, we had a fucking guy who wasn't even playing. Yeah, there I did see a couple of those screen grabs. I saw some of those video clip. If you're complaining about a, a minor Hold on a Hail Mary.


Just get over it again. Those Are never called, it doesn't even matter if it was, it could have been the most egregious hold. Yeah. We had a guy not playing. Yeah, you had A guy that was yelling at the fans. That's The problem. Yeah. It's crazy. That's A, a much, much bigger issue. But that the last play, I thought, I thought the Commanders were done, but he got the ball down the field a couple times. He took what the defense was giving him and then Tony Romo was dumb ass. First of all, he, he jinxed or kicker the second before the kick was attempted. He is like, he hasn't missed all season. Yeah. He like snuck that in. Yeah. And then goes up, misses the field goal. And then Tony was like, I think they should put in Marcus Mario to throw this hail Mary. Fuck you Tony. You're wrong. Tony's very wrong. It was short. It was, yeah, it was a little bit short, but it, it ended up working out.


Yeah. And I think that that is probably the happiest I've been, this is actually how sad my life as an NFL fan has been. I think that play that, that I just got to witness today. That is my happiest moment as an NFL fan since I've started watching football. 'cause the, the Redskins won a Super Bowl when I was like six don. I don't remember that. I remember the celebration afterwards. I, I maybe remember a little bit of it, but since then, you know what my, my second favorite memory is probably besides obviously Dan Snyder sell on the team that I don't count that as football though. It's off the field on the field. Monday night football, RG three, Monday night football was cool this year. But no, I was, no, it's in the Vikings game. I would say no. I would say winning a playoff game in Tampa, we beat Chris Sims And, we won 17 to 10.


I think Mark Brunell had like 35 yards passing that game. That until, until today was my best football memory. And then this was just, it was sometimes, no matter how fucked up you are as an organization, sometimes there are, there are guys. And I think that Jayden Daniels is one of those guys that he completely changes everything. Like completely makes people take you seriously because he's that special and that good. I'm very, it's like when North Korea got the atomic bomb, it's like, yeah, you guys are a, a ridiculous organization. But now we have to kind of respect you, give you some space. He's my atomic bomb and he's so fucking good. And I love watching him play.


I'm just a loser. I don't really know. I don't, I mean, I'm happy for you. I'm a loser. I I've always been a loser. I'm a loser. don. Don't, it was a terrible football weekend. Start to finish. I thought it was gonna be bad. It somehow was way worse. And. it was somehow we talked about it on Friday being like, what would get the best ratings? What would get the most people watching This? Is it? Yeah. That that ending. Was it That was a a dog shit game by the Bears. They're they're a joke. The Uber flues comes out of the bye week. I don't even know what they did during the bye week there. Feels like it was no game plan. Caleb was bad. I, I'll I'll save for, for my positive spins for the end that you guys will think I'm crazy, but that we, I'm a loser and that was loser football.


And Ebert flu should be ashamed of himself and Shane Waldron should be ashamed of himself. And it's like, that's a game that was as ugly as ugly could be. The defense kept you in that game. They, they fucking kept on holding the, the Commanders to, to field goals. And, and you, you somehow have a chance to win it and then you just blow it because the guy's waving to the crowd and talking shit instead of doing his job. It, that's a joke. That's a, that's a ebra flus thing. That's a top down thing. Like that's not, I know Tyrek Stevenson fucked up and he actually apologized on Twitter after, but like that's a coaching thing. I, 'cause he's a good player. That's a coaching thing. And I, I'm sick of him. I'm sick of losing games that you should be able to win. And this was a game that we probably shouldn't even be able to win, but we somehow got in the spot where we could win it.


And then it was just that. So I'm a loser. I'm happy for you though. You got the atomic bomb. Thank you. But before we started taping, we, we started discussing a little bit, then we realized, let's not say any of this before we start getting behind a microphone. I, I told Big Cat, I felt bad for him 'cause I, it's a tough way to lose a game. I, and then he was like, don't say you feel bad for me. You don't feel bad for me. He's right. I don't think I actually do feel bad For him. No, it's something you just said But. Yeah. But I I can also acknowledge that that's a very, very tough way to lose, lose a Football game. No, it's like when like it's a coworker's like grandparent dies. You're like, I'm sorry for your loss. Like, don don't, don don't. I never like yeah, I guess I am sorry for your loss, but I've never met them and I, you know, you're just saying it. I'm sorry. I understand. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry that you're going through it.


It's, It is what it is. It's just like I I'm numb to it. It was, and like this, there's a lot of season left, but that also is going to, I I am convinced that's gonna be the game that's gonna, I'm gonna look back and be like, oh, they missed the playoffs 'cause of this And it just, it sucks. It fucking sucks. And tattoo. And A tattoo, which that, thats just like a cherry on top. And I was saying before is like, I was gonna maybe just get my like kids' initials or something, but then, then I'm like, oh yeah, why'd you get that? Oh, because of a Hail Mary. I'm not because Tyreek Stevenson's a fucking idiot. Yeah. So don don't know what I'm gonna get. How rattled were you pe how distraught were you before the Hail Mary?


Because you know, you guys just went through the whole recap. The Bears were about to win that game. Yeah, yeah. Like somehow as good as the Commanders played and somehow as good as Jane Daniels played, you guys had 12 points. And, we losing the Bear defense is, is good. And they, we have a shit load of starters out too. I said that after the second field goal, I was like, this is is actually not good. Like our offense has been great, but it's not good that we have six points After I. don. 12 points is not great offense. Yeah, that's not great offense. No, I I thought that our offense is moving the ball really, really well. We had a drop touchdown And, we had two illegal man downfield penalties that backed us up off, which should have been like short red zone opportunities. It was, it wasn't really the offense in terms of like getting the ball out and getting guys open and all that.


It was, it was making stupid penalty mistakes like we have in the past and, and just shooting ourself in the foot. What you gonna say Max? Don't say great because I mean like a, a penalty is not great Is Part of offense and penalties are part of offense. I thought that, I mean if you look how, I don't have the stats in front of me, but if you see how many yards we had in the first half, I think that we had great offense in the first half. I wanna say we had like Hundred, but you didn't score touchdowns with 250 yards of offense And 12 points. Great offense. I know 12 points scoring touchdowns. It was not good. Like the Red Zone was a, was a actually Issue. My question was how distraught were you before the Hail Mary? I was, I was pretty distraught because it was a game that you should win based on how we played and the fact that we just let 'em hang around and let 'em hang around until the very end, honestly like it was, I was very, very upset at that point because when the Bears had the ball with Two minutes left, I was like, here's what's gonna happen.


They're gonna score a touchdown and we're gonna have 25 seconds left on the clock and then you get to ball with 25 seconds too much time for Jane Daniels. I didn't, I didn't think he could do it. I thought that was impossible. Don don't know. I'm a loser. I've got, I mean I, the Bears defense played great. They played great 'cause they had no help. The, the Bears offense did nothing, never, never sustained a drive. And then Who, who was the, was the Commander's offense greater than the Bears Defense was Great? I think so. Don don't, they both played great. I mean they didn't, they didn't score touchdowns who Played greater. I I The Bears defense kept him in this game. They, they, they did not, the Bears offense did not do shit for three quarters. Not a single thing where they didn't get first downs.


They were giving bad field position. They were just doing everything bad outside of turning the ball over. And the Bears defense just kept on answering the bell and making sure that they kept it a one score game for a long time. A two score or you know, it was a two score game for a little bit. But like that, that game, if the Bears defense doesn't play the way they do, it could, it would've been a blowout. 'cause the Bears offense just didn't do shit for literally three quarters. They they kept him outta the end zone. Yeah, they did a very, that's a Very good job of that. That's great. That's great defense to keep him outta the end zone. Yeah. Great defense and great offense at the same time. I Refuse to say great offense I don. 12 points is not great offense. I know. Listen, I I agree. Like the, you need to score touchdowns and inside the red zone.


That was very, very bad. Our offense was very bad inside the red zone. I'll say that. We were great in between the twenties. I'm that great. Probably. I'm okay with you. I'm okay with you saying that. We Were like all time great in between the twenties now and then you get in the twenties and you become all time bad. But that's great defense. And that's when the Yeah, defense became great. It was just great football. It's funny that we keep saying great because it was not great football. No, it was bad football. Well, yeah, it Was, it was a bad game. It was a very boring game until the last like 10 minutes of it. I, so here's the crazy part. This is for Bears fans only. I listen, Caleb was bad for three quarters.


Dog shit. The offense was so, so bad. don don't know what again, I don't know what the bi week was for when you didn't even have, like, it didn't, it felt like there was no flow. It felt like there was no like, hey, here's a mismatch. Cole t wasn't they, they didn't target Cole Mette ever. The offensive line is a, is a disaster. I understand that. Everyone always uses that as an easy excuse. It is obviously a problem. And, we had more injuries on it. But it is what it is. Like we know the offensive line sucks. It's not like you went into this game being like, oh, our offensive line's gonna all of a sudden be good. Caleb, what he did in the fourth quarter is why I'm not, I'm not selling any of my stock in him. I know people will be like, he sucks, he's a bum, he's a bust. I got about a billion tweets of that.


I don't care what he was doing in the fourth quarter. That throw to DJ Moore hanging in there where he is. Got no time getting killed. Yeah, I'm not. And then he threw that, that like sidearm underhand one. I'm not gonna change my opinion on Kle Williams. I did change my opinion. Well, I didn't change my opinion. I just reaffirmed my opinion that this coaching staff is a joke. And, we need to get rid of him as soon as possible because it's like they're, they're, they're a joke. They're a joke. Like that's a bi week. You come out of a bi-week looking like that. I don't know what the fuck that was. So, and the Doug Kramer handoff is just an all time, all time. What fuck has he taken other handoffs? No, he's been, so this all goes to week three.


It's like Aaron, Aaron Boone against Indianapolis, week three against Indianapolis. Got Boone. We had the, we had the set of a series on First and Goal where Shane Waldron called. Just terrible. He, he called like a wildcat play. He called an option play to the short side. He just did terrible job play calling. And the offense went and was like, dude, you gotta, you gotta fix this next couple weeks. Every time we got on Goal line, it was the same thing. Just run the ball with Han up the middle. Doug Kramer would come in as a fullback. So he was like, Hey, here's my new wrinkle. I'm gonna hand the ball off to Doug Kramer. That was insane. And it's like, it, it's, I actually feel bad for Doug Kramer because like, dude, you're, you're not running back. You're, you shouldn't be put in that spot again.


That's a play where if you're like trying, if you're, if you're up by then, then now we're in Fantasy land. If you're up by three touchdowns against the Packers, you're like, ha ha Doug Kramer. It's the fridge. But it's just, it was so stupid. And I just, this team is just, it's, they, they constantly lose games like this. And it's just a joke of a staff and the bi-week, just, but I'm not, I'm a little bit more, I'm not as upset as I was right in the moment after The defense will keep us in pretty much every game. You saw it today. The defense is gonna keep us in every game. Caleb was really bad for, for three full quarters. And if he plays even like B minus football, I think we win this game before we even get to the Hail Mary, he didn't, he played D minus F plus and then in the fourth he played like a minus football.


And he was great And. it was too little too late and, and Tyreek Stevenson. So yeah, I'm a loser. The, the big question I had about the Commanders is their defense because their defense has sucked. Like when I say sucked, I mean like bottom two, bottom three in the league at times today the defense did play great. First half Great defense by the Commanders. I thought that whatever Dan Quinn's doing, he's figured something out. They don't have, they don't have the guys, they don't have the talent on defense, but they're playing really, really hard. The scheme is adjusted because Dan knows what kind of people he has in the secondary and he knows what they're good at, what they're not good at. They're not good at having Emmanuel Forbes on the field and they're not good at a lot of other stuff initially. And now somehow they've managed to turn around and become a pretty decent defense.


So I hope, I hope that part of it keeps up Well. Yeah, I mean in your, you're you said, I think in the middle of the game you're like, where's this pass rush coming from? And I was like, it's the Bear's offensive line cannot block. I mean we, we had a couple more injuries. It's just, it's it's a mass unit and it's just, it's ugly. It's ugly right now watching their offensive line try to block and yeah, I don, I don't know. I'm a loser. don don't know what else to say. I'm a loser. Tory Taylor was awesome. Torry Taylor is awesome. He Should get Pepsi Rookie of the week. There's really good players on the Bears team and they just can't, like this was a game that was so ugly and they somehow found a way to persevere. And then that happens. So inexcusable because that was going to be like an all time, how the fuck did they win that game?


Playing as bad as they did offensively and proving my point of like, hey, this off this defense is gonna keep, is gonna basically allow Kle Williams to have games where he looks like a rookie for three quarters. But then that happens and then it's all for lost. So don don't know. I mean, it was an insane into the game. And when we had Jayden on the podcast back in, I think that was about a year ago, memes. What did you ask him? You asked him how far he could throw Football, how far he could throw and what'd he say? He said about 70. That's awesome. That's so good. And I've watched that play probably like, I'm gonna say conservatively 60 times and I've watched every iteration of that play from every fan angle, from every TV angle.


I watched the, the Spanish version of it where they had it on Telemundo, the announcers doing that call. I saw, I even watched the dots. That's, that's how sick that play was is I watched the dot thing that everybody posted about and act. They act like it's like super Interesting. Did they show the pregame like the before Snap dot? Oh yeah. They have it like at the snap. They don't have it before when he is like waving in the crowd. I, I don't know if they had, there was no hand on the dot that was waving, but.talk the dot Even the dots were great on that play. I'm gonna watch that play probably a hundred times tomorrow. And for the rest of my life It was Shocking. I've never, like, I I've literally never experienced joy like that, watching a football game.


Isn't that sad? Yeah. But it's kind of awesome. But I'm happy for you. Thank you. Hank Do You guys have any other questions? Max has a question you can tell. Well, no, I had no questions. I was just watching Pig cat during That. I was, I mean, I'm a loser. I don't know what else to say. I'm happy for PFT I don just didn't come at my expense. But like, it is what it is. Like, we're like, we're the Bears are a loser organization. Like I think Kale Williams can change that. But this is another reminder of like, and I just, I I I can't get over the coaching staff and they're playing out of a bye week, a bye week. Like you gotta look better than that out of a fucking bye week. And it's just, it's just insanely frustrating.


Insanely insanely frustrating because like those games, the games where you don't play good enough to win, but then you find a way to win. That's when, like, those are the games that you, you gotta have a couple of those if you want to go to the playoffs and like that they had it and then Tyreek Stevenson decided to fucking talk shit to the crowd. And the momentum of like winning a game, you should have lost. Yeah, right. Versus game. Right. It would've been an all time, how did we win this game? Holy shit. This defense. Like, we're ready to roll. Let's Go face the NFC north. Yeah. Right. And now it's just like, okay now next week against the Cardinals who are looking very good. That's a must win game, knowing what you have in the schedule. And it's just, you just can't, you can't have that. You just can't fucking do that.


I thought there was a chance, 'cause you did go upstairs for a while that you might've just done the Michael Scott and just like walked to the train tracks and, and tried to get on a train for a minute. I was thinking about just going home. Yeah, It was, it was an extended, an extended Use. Well I was doing, I was prepping for the show But. yeah, I was, I definitely, I definitely was like, what, what if I just go home? Like what, what, what would change if I just go home? We just don't do a pod. There'd be a lot of very angry people out there. Yeah. No, I'm here. I'm here facing the music. It sucks. It just sucks. Tyreek Stevenson, what the fuck are you doing Matt ifu? What are you doing? Shane Waldron, what are you doing? It's very strange 'cause I'm, I'm so, so happy and I understand why big cat's not and it's just, it's a weird, it's a weird vibe.


I I mean look, you should be happy. That was, that was An incredible. All time win. I I'm a little upset at the, our offense was great comment, but that's fine. We Moved the ball in a great fashion. He didn't score touchdowns. I I, which I said, I said that the Red zone offense was very, very bad. Atrocious worse than atrocious. I can admit Caleb Williams sucked for three quarters. Our red zone Offense and then he played great. Was disgustingly bad today? Disgustingly bad. I never wanna see it again. But I do think that the offense played really, really well. I thought that in the first half they moved the ball so Well it just sucked In the end score. Yeah. Yeah. The Kle Williams had two game winning drives.


I guess that's the only positive I'd have and none of, and neither of 'em counted for game winning drives. It's fucking stupid. That was like literally something I said to myself like, oh yeah, he had two game winning drives. No he didn't. He actually had none 'cause we didn't win. And also he didn't, we we handed the ball off to Doug Kramer. That sounds like a guy who's like 50. He would've been a legend. He was a legend when he was blocking for Rohan the last couple of weeks. Everyone loved it. Isn't He the guy that's from Chicago too? Yeah. Yeah. And he's Hinsdale and it's just, it's fucking, the whole thing sucks. But is he the Yale guy? No. No. I don't think Doug Kramer went to Yale. Different guy.


I don't think so. I'm pretty sure how much Percent Do Doug Kcra Kramer went to Illinois. That's Walden's fault, right? Yeah. Is that, how much, what percentage do you blame Iber flues for? I blame Iber flues a lot more for the Tyreek Stevenson than I do. The Doug Kramer Waldron. The Doug Kramer. He's calling the plays. Yeah. He's the one who installed that in the bye week and was like, watch this. We'll fuck Him up. It was, it was a, a genuinely insane play call to make in that situation. It's third down. I mean it's third down. You get two, two shots to run the ball up the up the gut for a touchdown. Why? Why Hank did you see Dan Quinn do the double fist pump? You get i I get it now. It's perfectly normal. Oh, I get it now in a, in a moment of just pure ecstasy, the double fist pump, it occurs.


It's like the, the going into fetal position happens when you're afraid. Naturally the opposite of that is the double fist pump. You, you, when you're so pumped. That's the only thing you can do is two pumps. The last two things I had, one is they had a, a sideline view of Caleb watching it happen. don don't know if you guys caught it, but like the funniest part, not funny, but Keenan Allen was just smiling because he's, he's a charger and he was just like, dude, this happens to me every time. Like this is the charger shit right here. And the other thing is, and again I know that people are gonna call me crazy and stupid, but is for Bears fans only. I'm not changing anything. I think about Kale Williams.


He had a really bad first three quarters and a really good fourth quarter and you win games in the fourth quarter and he did enough in the fourth quarter to, to win that game. And then the defense, which did keep him in the game, had a lapse in Tyreek Stevenson. That just fucking sucks. So yeah. Anything else? I'm also just mad that memes got the smile on my face. 'cause memes we're gonna get to the Jets. He is. He he was, his season is over. His team is a disaster. But memes for everyone who knows, for people who wanting to know how this works, memes literally just got like his quota for like views and clips and everything for the year based on that game.


He's like a cop at the end of a month just sitting there getting people on speeding tickets. He literally could just be like, see these numbers, boom. And like half of them are from the Hail Mary and he is like, where's my race? I think he's interesting that memes doesn't tag us in in No, because it wouldn't get, doesn't it wouldn't get the same amount of Interaction. Yeah, but I, I know that I've been tagged by memes when at when I'm at my lowest points after bad loss, he'll tag the fuck out of you find them. But it's, it's, I did this, I Did this, I liked this last Month. And it, they I this with Hank last month Failures And. it was the summer of Hank and everything was positive. Yep. So show me yours. They Shout, I love this. They shout your failures, they whisper your accomplishments. Memes. I love this meme.


It's Okay. It sucked off. What do you mean? But that's that who By everybody online. And then you come in, you're like, ah, I feel bad for you guys. Like you don't have my Yeah, that was shit. Don't Do that. Don me. Don't Do that. Me. You're getting sucked off. You are, you are getting Might. I've been getting sucked. You've been getting sucked off. I've been, I've been getting buried. Memes are getting buried. Yeah, it was, it was a great, great afternoon for me. for sure. A million percent. But you don't have to say you feel bad for anyone. I retracted that because That's a, I Do acknowledge that that's a, it it's a shitty way to lose. I feel bad For you. It's a bad way to lose a football game If I may. PFTI know you're not shitty weight used to winning. Like you're, this is the greatest accomplishment of your life. It's like a week six regular season game win. Yep. It's not week six. If you're, if you're a real, you know, if you're gonna have that winning mentality and you're gonna actually like, make, you know, progress in the playoffs.


Yeah. You should be mad after as you should be like happy with the win. But you should not be like, we played great And. we had a great offense. Like, you guys lost that game. Yep. You guys lost the game where the Bears played. Like, dog shit. I'll be coachable. And, and again, and you guys lost. I, I need to learn and you Got lucky, but like, for you to be like, ah, it's great. Best day of my life. Like, you gotta you gotta think about the, some of the, some of the things you gotta fix. I know, I, I definitely do. And like, I, but you should enjoy, like I said, after the Bengals game, I'm working on building a, a personal winning culture for myself. There's a lot don don't know about winning. I don't know how to handle to handle it. I can't act like I've been there before. I've never been there before. So thank Tav. Hank is like my, my shaman guiding me through this trip on how to, how to deal with success is very helpful.


Appreciate that. You're gonna say Max, Do we remember a conversation that we had in the past with a, a fan of a shitty organization saying that they feel bad For the other people? No. Pft did a Billy to me. I he said it's he Billy me. Forgot about that. No, I said it's a, he billy me. I Said it's a bad way to lose a football game. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't bill you, you did say I feel bad. No, no. Billy would Times said feel bad for you. But am I not allowed to actually see that my friend Big Cat is just going through the worst shit ever? No, I don't care. And be This sucks for him, but it's at your expense. Yeah. You should be your Fault. That's what makes it so weird. don don't need you to say you feel bad for me. I feel bad for me enough. Okay. More than enough. Okay. I'm just acknow to acknowledging that's a bad way to lose a football.


But it does hurt when you're like, I feel bad for you. That's a har that's hurtful. Okay. You Should be saying, I feel bad for us that we almost lost you. Yeah. Okay. All right. Me, what are you gonna, I'm working on this just keeps Pointing at pointing at Billy Billy Don. Don't you don't call me the bill. It's Good, don't you me? It's good for a minute, And. it is just, No, I honestly, I wasn't trying to say it in that way. I was saying that it's just a shitty thing. It's a shitty thing. You Don't have to say anything. Our teams each Other but don't think it's a shitty thing. Yeah. You think it's great. It's our teams played each other. That's what happens. I'm ha No, I'm happy that it happened, but I'm saying like, it's a shitty way to lose a Football, but I don't need you because, because we played each other. Like if you, you take it back, there's only could be one winner.


No, I absolutely would not take it back after when the hail Mary landed, I got up, I, I like freaked out for a second. Then I looked around just trying to find somebody that was also a commander fan. And then I realized I'm in Chicago. I think Eddie was crying. And then No, Eddie, we all just ran. We ran. All of us ran. I did. Eddie was gone. Chief was gone. White Sox, Dave I think got outta there so fast because he knows what he did by saying, I'll never apologize for a win with 23 seconds left Me memes and Max Were popping confetti. I, I turned around, I was like running around like Jimmy V looking for somebody to hug and nobody would hug me. And then I looked back and, and Hank memes and Max were all had the same expression, just like their mouth open, just like staring at me.


And I was just like, Hey guys, this is good. And then my mom called and she was like, I think I'm gonna have a stroke. That was amazing. I was like, cool Mom, don't have a stroke. I have another, I have another thing that I was like, you know that, that's like a lucky play, right? Oh yeah. A hundred percent. Okay. You Kept letting the past was short and the past was short. That's just a lucky play. Like any quarterback can make that throw. Well, Jayden made it. I Know, but He also But don't. But it's, but it's not, it's just a lucky play. It that's what I, I'm, he's my, he's My abo It was short of the, it was short of the end zone. Everything about the guy. I don't know what it is. Everything about him. I love him. Love that Play was way less about Jayden Daniels and more, way more about the Bears in competency as an organization. Not to mention the holds. The holds do not fucking matter.


Hank it was Tyreek Stevenson being a fucking idiot. All time. All time. Stupid, stupid play. I went from being very upset with the team to just being like, this is, this is heroin. No, you deserve it. I mean, it was, it was a great moment for you. Alright. Should we go to, should we go to the rest of the games? Did we get enough blood? Don't let memes Divide us. I'm not, I I've not said I wasn't. There's, the only thing I disagreed with that you've said so far was that you had great offense. That was the only thing that, that doesn't really check out when the Bears were able to hold you outta the end zone until a Hail Mary. But everything else, you guys, you guys like deserve to win that game.


The Bears did not deserve to win that game. They fucking sucked for the majority of that game. The vast majority. That would've been a lucky win. The other way, if the Bears had done it, it would've been like, how the fuck did they win that game? 'cause they were a joke again off a bye week. How, what did they do during the bye week? Like Andy Reed gets off a bye week and he just kills people. That's what happens. Matt Ebra flues gets off a bi-week and they run dog shit plays for, for for three quarters, which I guess Matt Flu is a defensive coordinator or you know, he's, he's in charge of defense, so kudos to him, you know, great job, dude. I, if he wants to be defensive coordinator next year when Ben Johnson's our head coach, I'll be fine with that.


He can keep his parking spot. And then he had like tone deaf things after the game where he was just like, you know, there's a lot of positives to take from this. Shut the fuck up, dude. There's no positives. You, you, you, you lost in the most embarrassing fashion possible. Just go up there, take your fucking medicine and realize that yet again, you lose a game that you should win because you're just not prepared as a football team. Guess the line Cardinals? I mean the Cardinals are good. Whose line is it? Anyone? They're fucking, they're not top of the NFC West anymore. Where's The game? It's in Arizona.


Whose line is anyway brought to you by DraftKings Cardinals minus one. I'm gonna say Cardinals minus three 50 keeps winning Cardinals minus one.


Okay. All right. Alright, let's get to the rest of the games where we can have some fun because we do have fun to talk about. It was a great witching hour. Browns 29 Ravens 24 Jamis Winston is one and oh, as a brown starter. Jamis Winston is the fucking best. Jamis Winston broke the 20 point mark for the Browns. Jamis Winston had the last two offensive plays for the Browns was the full Jamis Winston experience where he tried to throw an interception to Kyle Hamilton. And then the next play was like, fuck it, 38 yard bomb to Cedric Tillman touchdown game. Yeah. That was an easy pick that Hamilton had.


He bobbled it like three or four times. Yeah. And, And he's playing Keep keep Uppy. The Bluey Game. Jam has got, he's got a little short memory. He gets back there and he's like, fuck it, I'm, I'm gonna gun it. And he, man, he threw the ball all around today. I think there were four guys. Yeah, four guys with 60 plus yards on the Browns. He was slinging it. He was sling it. Tillman Tillman is a player that's on the Browns that everybody just completely forgot about. Yeah. Because they, they had Cooper that had to eat too. But. yeah. Jamis was awesome from the, the second he stepped foot inside that stadium until the second he left. He just delivered. Yeah. He delivered everything that you want from Jamis. He had not one, but two awesome banger pregame speeches he had. Obviously what he did in the game was just throw the fuck outta the ball and be like, I'm gonna find Aku down there and I'm gonna throw it as hard as I can at his hands.


And then after the game, he name checked Eminem. Yep. And, and just quoted Eminem in his post-game interview. He said, let's see, he said like we got, there's a white boy from De Detroit that I really admire named Eminem. He said, you only got one shot. Do not miss your chance to blow this opportunity once Last once in a lifetime. It was, it was just pure Jamis man. It was the best, it was the best. The Browns look like a competent football team. And it's crazy because Jamis, Deshaun Watson already had the worst contract in football, probably in history and Louisiana purchase. Yeah. Maybe Louisiana purchase. And Jamis Winston today made it somehow even worse because it just shows that the Browns are not a bad football team.


They just had Deshaun Watson as their quarterback. It's so crazy. The last se seven games that Deshaun Watson didn't play six of those last seven games. The Browns had a 300 yard passer and the seventh was week 18 last year when they started Jeff, Jeff Driscoll because they'd already clinched the playoff. So every single time they don't start Deshaun Watson. Their offense works. And then when Deshaun Watson plays, they can't score 20 points and they look like dog shit. It just further proves how horrifically awful the Deshaun Watson contract was. But Jamis, you have Jamis like the Browns Jamis can do anything. Everyone Plays like a half step faster on both sides of the ball.


Yeah. When they have the defense is flying. I, I can't tell if it's Jamis or if it's not Deshaun. I think it's probably a combination of the two. Jamis is like the ultimate interim coach, but for quarterback it's The perfect combo. He's the best, he's the best interim quarterback. And then you step in for Deshaun and then everybody's just so much happier to be at work. Yes. So they work a little bit harder. Yes. And it was also Halloween week for Miles Garrett who showed up dressed like the Terminator. Yeah. White Face. Yeah. Well I, robot face. Robot face. Yeah. He had a, a makeup artist come over for like, how long did it take? An hour? Two hours. All just for that walk. Just for that walk into the stadium. And good for Cleveland. I'm happy for Cleveland fans. And this, this proves our point that Jimmy Haslam should be investigated for crimes. Given that he not only gave that contract out, but then forced Kevin Stefanski to play Deshaun Watson.


As long as he did Jimmy Haslam should be investigated for point shaven. Yeah. And now the the Browns, yeah. Their offense looked competent and they, James was throwing around. I know their offensive line got healthier. Nick Chubb is, he didn't have like a monster game, but he feels like he's getting back into health. And I I, I mean the Browns are probably too far deep in the hole to get out of it. But I would just love to see Jamis go on a little bit of a run here. Like I would love to see Jamis. Who do they got next? I think they actually play, I think they play our Chargers. Yeah, they do. So we're gonna have to re we're gonna, we're gonna root for whoever we're gonna root for Jamis and the Chargers win a Jamus ball out.


Yeah. Session. Yeah. So this is from her very good friend Jamis, one of one. You knew he'd be all over this. Oh, of course. He says since 2021 due to a torn ACL, broken back and ruptured perennial tendon. Jamis Winston has had just nine healthy starts. Here's what he is done. Oh, I love this. Sean Payton. This, I love this. Five and two 15 touchdowns, three picks with Dennis Allen. One and oh two touchdowns no picks with Stefanski one and oh with three touchdowns and no interceptions. He's seven and two with 20 total touchdowns and three interceptions. Let's play a game real quick. 'cause this is Jamis needs to be a starter in the league next year, week one. Just looking at the teams going through it.


Bill's obviously not Dolphins. I mean, if Tua gets another Yeah, I could see 'em. Yeah. For Patriots, Drake May Jets, they should absolutely sign Jamis. That would be an upgraded quarterback. Steelers. Steelers. Yeah. Steelers. That would be, I mean, would put ball there. I Mean, he's the exact opposite of every quarterback that Steelers have had in recent memory. Yeah. Colts would be great. Yeah, Titans would be great. Raiders like, there's a lot of team giants. Just add Jamis, Panthers, Saints. Go back to New Orleans. Yeah. Like just add Jameis. It's instant offense. It's that simple. Add Jameis and have fun. As for the Ravens, it was a weird game because they like the Ravens offense.


The Browns defense played well, I, the Ravens offense was still good. They just felt like they dropped so many balls. Rashad Bateman, even that, that ball where he was just standing there by himself and he actually pointed to the sun. He like right after. Yeah. I love that And. it was like one of those weird Lamar games where just a couple, like, he played well, but like, there was a couple plays, a couple third downs that just didn't, whether it be a drop ball or the pass rush. So like, I'm not worried about the Ravens, but it was one of those ga it was just a very Ravens game. It so much so that the Ravens now since 2022, that is their eighth loss when leading inside Two minutes of the fourth quarter.


Yeah. They're the worst team to close out a game. It Was so Ravens like, they, you, you walk away from that game, you're like, no, the Ravens aren't bad, but they just something like, they have these weird games where it's just like, I don't know what happens. They, they, they, they move the ball and everything works. And they're, they're their secondary's bad. They're, they're also very injured because they had Marlon Humphrey and Nate Wiggins out, but their secondary's bad. I mean, Eddie Jackson was getting abused by Cedric Tillman, but the Ravens I'm not worried about. It was just a very Ravens game. Yeah. And also they've got a kicker that's washed up. Yeah. Tucker Tucker. This game might go different if he doesn't, if he hits that kick. Right. You never know. Yeah. Lamar can only beat the NFC. That's what people are saying. He is a little washed up.


Who do the Ravens have next week? They're probably gonna beat the fuck outta someone. Right. Let's see, the Ravens have The Ravens have to have the, the two weirdest losses. The Broncos. Oh, that's actually gonna be a tough game. Yeah. They, The Ravens, they're, they've Lost the Raiders and they've lost the Browns All over the map. They lost the Chiefs. Barely. They lost the Raiders and they lost the Browns. Yeah. And then they kill everyone else. So I, I'm not worried about 'em, but it was just a very Ravens loss. And I'm just happy for Jamus. I'm very happy for Jamus. Yeah. I'm happy for, happy for Kevin Hanson too. I'm happy for football. Somebody said that, that Jamis should host Family Feud, right? Is that what you guys were saying? That'd be great. Jamis should host every game show. Yeah. A fortune. He'd be a great, yeah. He's the next Steve Harvey Love his blonde.


He Would be great. Call her daddy. Yeah. He Should host every show. Is that a game show? It can be, can Be. You can win millions of dollars. The, so the Ra or sorry, the Browns. I, I am happy for Kevin Stefanski as well, just because he gets to be like, Hey, I'm not a bad coach. I was just forced to start Sean Watson. Yeah. I mean, Kevin Stefanski, if he was unemployed, if he got fired, there would be like seven teams that would wanna hire him. I'd take him. Most teams would try to fire their coach that they weren't planning on firing. Yeah. If it meant they could get Kevin Stefanski. Kevin Stefanski come to Chicago And Vrabel good for vrs. Yeah. Was he on the sidelines today? don don't know, because I think he was on the, he was on the sidelines last week too, and he told us in the off season that he wasn't gonna be at, I think for home games.


He is. No, he is. I thought he said that he wasn't gonna go to the stadium. Oh. And then he was there last week. He Can't stay away from Football. And he was there this week. Jamison Braves. He can't stay away from football. Loving that. Okay. Next game. Eagles 37 Bengals 17 max. The Eagles are back. That was a shit kicking. That was a shit Pumping. What do you wanna say? There's not really much to say. It was, it was a domination on all fronts. Jalen Hertz played great. Jalen Hertz has been playing great the past couple games. He has. He ran for three touchdowns. He had that dime to Devonte Smith. I think he only had like four in completions in the, in the whole game. And. it was all in the first quarter.


Yeah. In the second, the second half. He was nine for nine. 150 yards and two and two touchdowns. Yeah. Yeah. They Look good. Really good. They looked, they looked really good on offense. And I think the Vic Fangio defenses started to work. That's the big thing. It takes a little, I think it takes a little bit for the guys to get used to the new scheme, but I think that they're, I think they are. And Cooper de Jean playing slot has changed. Has changed the Defense. That is awesome. That play that Sticky had on Jamar Chase on the fourth, and one was huge. Incredible. That also was, the Bengals are in deep, deep water now. They, they couldn't run the ball today, which credit to the, the Eagles defense.


But that was like, you're fourth and one and you're doing a, a swing pass to Jamar Chase. It's a pretty good sign. You're not feeling comfortable about your run game. The Bengals. I never, I'm never gonna give up on Joe Burrow. But it does feel a little bit like Monty Python, where he's like, every game afterwards. He said today that 10 wins gets you in. So they gotta win seven out of nine. And that's doable. Yeah. You never know. But It's just gonna keep going every week. Having to do Saturn, Saturn math. Yeah. Bengals are gonna be taunted absolutely haunted by the In the Hunt graphic later on this season. Yes. Because they probably will win enough games to be mathematically not eliminated. And they're gonna just keep being like, well, maybe, maybe if I fuck around with the ES ESPN playoff machine for two hours at a time, I can figure out a combination that gets us there.


But. yeah. They've, they've lost too many must wins. Yeah. They've lost like three must wins, which is, I think that's one. Two, you can lose, two must wins and still win But. yeah. They're, I I feel like they're, they're cooked at this point. Now. Max grade, this statement, is it the Bengals last two wins against the Browns and the Giants Now it's like, Ooh, that was fool's gold. Or is now the, are the Eagles now swept up in the fool's gold? I thought about that because the Bengals are just as bad. Yes. I I said that to somebody. I was like, the Bengal do The Bengals Stink. The Bengals are really bad. Yeah. 'cause you just ran the conlin of just, you just beat all the, the, the, the Giants, the Browns with Deshaun and the Bengals, who the Bengals could only beat the Browns with Deshaun and the Giants.


Yeah. And then we play the Jags next week. So it's like, Yeah. You, you never get an answer. I think the, I think the Eagles are good. I think there, there are a lot of bad teams in the NFL right now There. The A FCI think I saw the stat. I think 37% of the A FC has two wins or less. Are you serious? Yeah. Let's See. Yeah, that's actually crazy. Yeah. Look, the, there's the entire a FC East, except the Bills has two wins. The Browns, the Jaguars, Titans and the Raiders. So that's three, four, that's seven teams. What's crazy is this game was pretty close until like, what, 10 minutes left in the third quarter. Yeah. And then it was just fourth quarter just switched. And then it was all Eagles starting at Yeah.


For most of the third quarter. And all the fourth. I think it was a tie, it was a tie game in the third. And then we started thinking about what if they tie it again? And, we make it three outta five ties between these two teams. And then the Eagles just said, no, we're just gonna, we're going to just throw deep that, I mean, having Devonte Smith back is so huge. He's, He's amazing. And Agent Brown. Yeah. And then you just have Saquon too that can just, like, he, he rushed for over a hundred yards today. And it. And I feel like he didn't even do anything. Yeah. Yeah. He, He felt like a non-factor. It Was a, it, it was just a quiet, let me go get 22 carries 108 yards And. It's like, oh yeah. That's, that's just Saquon. And I, I do think it's very cute that you call him Quan. Yeah. I like it. It is nice.


I like when you yell in, in the ca you like, go Kwan. Go. Yeah. It's Cute. Yeah. And he, he would probably wanna to get his boys more yards. Yeah. Yeah. Good guy. The, I I, I do think the Eagles are good. I I'm never gonna give up on the Bengals, which is probably gonna be a fatal flaw this year. Just being like, the Bengals are gonna be fine. The Bengals are gonna be fine. Their defense was good against the Giants and the Browns was not good today. Like, they couldn't, they couldn't get a pass rush. The, the Eagles offensive line bullied them. And you just kind of reverted back to they're not, their defense just doesn't, like, if they're not playing Daniel Jones and Deshaun Watson, they're gonna struggle.


What's just crazy though, is they're what now? One and are they one in four or Owen four at home? They're Owen ing for At home. Owen Forward home. Yeah. That's, that's generally the sign of a bad team. Yeah. They're, they're ing for at home and they gotta win. They gotta win Seven outta nine. Seven outta nine. Yep. Joe did the math. Seven outta nine. And the Eagles are good. Max, it's okay to say the Eagles are good. I want you to get your hopes back up. I, I I'm not, I'm not all the way. I'm not. I did, I think I started this off by saying I'm all the way back. Shit. I don't wanna say I'm all the way back though. Because How can we get all the way back? What's our roadmap? Why wouldn't you wanna say that?


If we, if we beat the shit outta the Commanders on Thursday night Football in three Weeks. When is that game? That's, I think it's November four Before Thanksgiving. Okay. Perm bet. It's a perm Bet. Perm per You wanna do a tattoo? Bet Perm? No perm perm bet. And I'll get it done immediately if we lose. Yeah, me too. Yeah, Me too. You can take your time. You can take as much time as I talk. No, I'll take, I'll, I'll do it. Alright. Well feel good Max. The Eagles are fat. No. Yeah, it's good. I'll, I'll be, I'll be sleeping, sleeping well tonight. You Guys guys got the Jaguars next week. Yeah. So like you said, who cares if you win that game? Right? And then you've got the, the Cowboys that's gonna, that game's gonna mean something to you Cowboys. Yeah. Always. Cowboys Cowboys will always mean something.


But it doesn't matter. Like It's a two team race. The NC East. Yeah. That's not true. Huh? What? Maybe it Is. Maybe it's true. You think the Cowboys are Don don't know. Cowboys could go on a run. Okay. Alright. Next game. Falcons 31, Bucs 26. The Falcons, they tried to blow this game, but the Falcons now have a stranglehold on the NFC South. They're 4.0 against the NFC South. They're 2.0 against the Bucs. Kirk Cousins has eight touchdown passes against the Bucs. Todd Bowles. I don't know what you're doing because the Bucs going to this game is like the Bucs don't have God winning in Evans. It's gonna be a struggle for them offensively. Baker Baker will throw picks, but they moved the ball.


Like Kate Otten. Bucky Irving Baker was throwing the ball. They're the, the Bucs defense is what failed them today. The Falcons just carved them up. Kirk was on fire. That And. we the creamsicles. The creamsicles, they stink in the creams schools, even though they're objectively awesome. Kyle Pitts had a couple really nice plays. The touchdown that he had though, that, that was very confus confusing. Such an Idiot. So he, he led up at like the 10 yard line and glided into the end zone, hanging the ball out. He gets wrapped up from behind. I forget who was that Winfield that made the tackle. Yeah. And then the ball gets knocked out as he crosses the plane. And they don't have a camera that's on the end zone. They don't have a what? Bill Belichick says this is a billion dollar league and he can't put a camera. We have pylon cameras. I know they made a camera.


They, they put a fucking camera in the pylon And. we don't have an angle to see if that was a touchdown or not. Yeah, that was, that was ridiculous. It was ridiculous. And then the, my other favorite part of this game was, I, I don't think it was Kirk Cousins, but some people said that it was, but it wasn't him. Somebody on the Falcons yelled fucking cunt. Oh. During a play. And don don't know who it was. Who wasn't Kirk. Maybe it was somebody could've been Kirk. So Kirk was, I think he was micd up today. Oh, he might've been wearing the wire. He did do the walking into our trap. Take over your trap. Pre-game. I saw that. That one felt awkward. Yeah. That was that Again, it's like when they put the chains on, like he's a dog that they're dressing up. Yeah. When they put him on a plane, like Kirk say the line. Kirk, can You pull up the video Max?


It was, it was quite something. He was, he was getting the boys riled up, but he was, it was the pre-game and he kept repeating it. Yeah. Yeah. Was he trying to get him to chant it? Guess. Hey, guess what? It worked in the fact that they won today. How Do you think he had to have it explained to him? But like, Kirk, it's, it's like a home. A trap is a home. Yeah. Like Trap depot. Yeah. And the way it started Back and Beyond slow Trap Depot would be sick. Trap Depot would be great. Should we start a line? Yeah. Here It is. This is Kirk Cousins pumping 'em up. Fight no cap. We no cap. We, we fight no cap.


We fight no cap. That's good job. Good effort. I mean, hey, listen, win's a win. Win is a win. They won and he and he didn't mince himself. Yeah. So that's Good. Yeah. The by the way, I, I saw, so the Bucs don don't know why. This just made me laugh. It's very stupid internet. But the Bucs posted their final score and then Matt OCP designs just replied. He was the top reply And. it just said, since becoming the head coach of the Bucs in 2022, Todd Bulls has a worse career than a Toyota RAV4 And. it has just a list of the different awards. Coach of the Year awards.


Todd Bulls had zero, RAV4 has zero Super Bowl wins. The head coach, Todd Bulls has zero. RAV4 has zero JD Power Reliability Award. Todd Bulls has zero. RAV4 has won. IIHS top safety pick. Todd Bulls has zero. RAV4 has won. And then could you take, could could take you to a Super Bowl. Todd Bulls no. RAV4. Yes. Yeah. Good. So he is worse than RAV4. Physically. It can Take you there. I just, I liked, I I I don't know why. It just made me laugh. It's, it feels like bad times for, for Todd Bowles because again, your defense, your defensive head coach, and this is your, your offense has both of your like, you know, Mike Evans, a Hall of Famer, Chris Coghlan's, incredible.


They're both out. Bakker has to basically be a magician if you score 26 points. And He kind of was a magician. Yeah, He was. And it's just like that, that, how do you not win that game if you have a defensive coach? It's just no adjustments. It felt like they didn't, they didn't get any pressure on Kirk Cousins. He was throwing dimes down the field. Did you see that run? He went on too. Hit a little like 13 minute Scramble. Yeah. Yeah. I think we Can say Kirk Cousins officially healthy now officially held, I think at the start of the season, Kirk Cousins was not healthy. I think he's played his way back to, into as mobile as Kirk Cousins could possibly be. Yeah. And then this also Atlanta, this is their sixth game decided by one possession. And that's kind of what the Falcons do.


And they have a perfect quarterback for it because Kirk Cousins is 18 and six in one possession game since 2022. That's just what they do. This wasn't really a one possession game, though. They shouldn't have been. They let 'em back into it with the safety and then mis kick like, it, it, they were up 31 4 or 17 and they just weren't able to close out, like really close the door. It's Just a sweep of the Bucs. And they are now 4.0 against the A FC South or NFC South. Correct. This is, yeah. This is Atlanta's division. It's Over. I mean, it's not over, but it's Over. Well, because they took care of the hard part, Right? They had the Saints in the Panthers left. Yeah. Yeah. And the, and the Bucs. Now can we just Be the first to report Congratulations to the Atlanta Falcons on Wing Atlanta.


Falcons The NFC South. You've done it. You've won the NFC South. Congratulations. Good job by you guys. Kirk Cousins. He, he, Kirk Cousins kind of prove like he's he's better than people give him credit for. Yeah. Because he went to Atlanta and he made them a playoff team And they drafted a guy high in the first round Yeah. To Possibly take his job. To take his job. That guy was trying to walk into his trap. Yeah. And Kirk took over his Trap and he said, my trap. Yeah. Okay. Trap. Sweet Trap. Next up we got Packers 30, Jags 27 Jordan Love got hurt again. Malik Willis comes in. Malik Willis is just a good quarterback now. Yeah. So this now means that Malik Willis is three and oh, against that division.


Right? He's got the A FC South in hell Yeah. He didn't play last week against the, against the Texans there. I know this is, might sound stupid, but I get the feeling like Matt LaFleur has more fun calling plays for Malik Willis. 'cause he has to do all the Tricks. Yeah. He has to get like, really weird with it. Yeah. And so he gets in there and he starts doing the, the like fake mis directive handoffs and then turning around and then throwing the ball back to where he just gave the fake from. He runs way cooler plays when Malik Willis was is still in the game than when Jordan Love comes in. But Malik will outta nowhere got fun to watch That the dime that he threw to Jayden Reed, that that basically won them the game was incredible. Yeah. And he's, yeah.


He, he commanded the offense, the Packers, their defense just takes the ball away. They have 19 takeaways so far this year. It felt like the game, like the Jaguars were kind of in this game and then the Trevor Lawrence fumble was a big change. And then the Jaguars got back into it. Like they, they were able to get back into it. Tie the game. But the Packers, I don don't know how long do we know how long Jordan love's gonna be out? I think it was a groin injury. They have the Lions next. Yeah. don don't know Which I, Matt Flore might be able to get Malik Willis to beat the Lions. Yeah. I mean if anybody can stop that Lion's offense. It's Robert Salas defense. It's just, I I I want to, well, let me just say this about the Jags.


I actually think Trevor Lawrence obviously the fumble was bad. He didn't play bad today. And he also had like, everyone got hurt for the Jags. I think Chris Christian Kirk is out for the year. Brian Roberts is awesome. Brian. Yeah. He's awesome. But I, they had a couple other guys get hurt. Trevor Lawrence was, was making some, some good throws. And the Jags were in this game. They're just, they kind of just Jags did at the end. Yeah. Trevor Lawrence is, he's so confusing to watch because he's, he can make really great throws. Yeah. And he's a very, very good quarterback a lot of the time. And then he'll have a boneheaded fumble and you're like, well how do I evaluate this guy? Because he's so good at finding guys like middle of the field passing. He can make like the deep throws.


He's got a great arm and he also just looks like a quarterback. And then he just drops the ball sometimes. And you're like, well I can't tell if you're good or not. Yeah. You might be very good at playing quarterback, but not very good at just holding onto a football. Right. Yeah. Because that fumble Yeah. Was like on the five yard yard, which is a pretty big part of that was a very big part. And also shout out, I don't know what defensive lineman it was on the Packers, but an all time box out on that fumble recovery. Yeah. That was good. He just hit check the fuck out of the guy. Yep. Booty ball. I'm gonna say something right now that Packers fans are not allowed to listen to. And you cannot clip Tyreek Stevenson going after the fans not doing his job. Bears organization, Chris Brooks, the running back for the Packers who went down with a minute left to run the clock out and kick the, the field goal, instead of scoring a touchdown, giving the Jags a chance to possibly have some time left.


Chris Brooks has never scored a touchdown in the NFL. And he went down, It took his dream from him And he said afterward, just don't score. That's the only thing going through in mind. It's always a pleasure to get the win and then do whatever. And first, it's always a pleasure to get the win first and then do whatever I can to help the team. That's the difference. Matt LeFlore coaches a team like that where a guy who's never scored a touchdown in the NFL, do you think That's why they gave him the ball? It's like, this guy's never scored so he's not gonna score and ruin the game. But it's just, it's, that's just good coaching and good, good clock management and winning football. And that was what Chris Brooks did. I mean, the guy, do you know how hard it must have been for him to like in the back of his head, he's never scored a touchdown in the NFL.


Why? Like you, you gotta see that And. it was a walk-in and he goes down and he makes the correct move. Yeah. Because it would be hard to not have the instincts of I wanna score my first touchdown take over in that moment. Yeah. To just say no. Yeah. To deny yourself. This is also Brandon McManus revenge game, which is a touching story that I'm sure a lot of people followed along with. We all wanted his refresh. We Yeah. We all felt bad for Brandon McManus. It was, it was a bad game for the Jaguars. But maybe you, but I don't think it was as bad as you kind of wanted it to be deep down inside. Yeah. If you're a Jags fan, you want, you want clean house. Yeah. House needs to be cleaned up. And this was a bad loss. He did some stupid shit. Like he had a, a defensive delay of game on a field goal.


The Packers were kicking a field goal and then they either simulated the snap count or they made weird movements, got a flag called on 'em and then gave him a first down Yeah. During a field goal attempt. Yeah. Like that's the kind of thing that bad organizations do. And that was embarrassing. But don don't know if this was embarrassing enough to have the ownership of the Jaguars be like, okay, Doug has to go after this one. Yeah. You need a good ass kicking. Yeah. You, you can't be as they were in this game. Do you think that Sirianni is capable of giving the Jaguars a, a big enough ass kicking? Because if you're Jags fan, you probably are a big Eagles fan, right? Or does Sirianni see another coach? You know, a guy that's also coached the Eagles before and Yeah. Seen what this league can do to you. Yeah. Do you think Sirianni takes it easy on Doug Peterson?


'cause he is like, respect. I think Siri would do, would like, almost, he would get Doug Peterson fired and then he would be like, Doug Peterson come come to our coaching staff. 'cause you got that Philly magic. Yeah, he would definitely do that. Have him come be a consultant, like a Robert Sah for Sure. I'd, I'd welcome him, welcome him to the team as well. Yeah. Josh Jacob's also very good. He had a monster game. He's a weapon. It's just, it's, it's maddening that the Packers keep going to Malik Willis and winning games. But they Do. Yeah. It's crazy. And I've completely reversed course on Malik Willis now. I actually like watching. How could he not? Yeah, He's, yeah, he's fun. He's He's going to, he's gonna probably get another shot somewhere.


He's gonna get a nice contract. Yeah. He's gonna get a shot. He might. Matt Flynn this thing. Yeah. Okay. Let's take a break before we get to our next game with a couple hat.


These games are brought to you by Gametime. Gametime is here to help you get the best tickets that you can find to any football game you want, to all the sports games that you want to attend. Gametime is the way to go to 'em. They've got Gametime Picks deals too. And they've got it for every game that you would ever want to go to. They're the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now? They've got a brand new Gametime Picks feature. They're making it easier than ever to get to a game. Monday night football, we've got the Giants in Pittsburgh, the Steelers Jersey. Jerry's gonna be there front row holding a a sussy for Russy sign. I'm told Hank, how much does it cost to get into Monday night football? Monday night Football, you can get in for as Low as $81. There we go. In Pittsburgh, see Renegade Live, see Jersey Jerry? I'm looking at a super deal right now. Club West Row H $167. Love that. They filter out all the fluff on Gametime. They show you only incredible deals on great seats. You don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or you can browse the best local Gametime pick deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Buy those Steelers tickets right now with Gametime Picks. You can Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT and easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? It is Gametime.


These games are also brought to you by BetterHelp. Part of my take is sponsored by BetterHelp. Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies? And Ghosts Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. Because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place and holding ourselves back. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Overcome your fears with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/pmt.


Okay. Well, Hank just walked out. I guess we'll do Cardinals Dolphins first. Yeah. Okay. Because we are gonna do Patriots Jets Out. Hank might not come back. Yeah, he might not. He might not come back. Cardinals, Dolphins Cardinals might be good. Well, they, they were for a fleeting moment in first place in the NFC West. Another tide for first place. Or is it the 49 ERs? I think the 49 ERs are ahead of the Oh no, because they beat the 49 ERs. Yeah. No, no. They're in first place. Okay. They're in first place in the NFC West still In first place in the NFC West. They're four and four and they've unlocked Maserati Marv. They've unlocked MAs, Maserati Marv and Trey McBride is a beast. 'cause that was the two of them when Kyler Murray was targeting them today.


15 for 18. 235 yards in a td. Yeah. Like they were awesome. And that was a game that it felt like the Cardinals were gonna lose. And Kyler made the big plays to, to get them into field goal range at the end. And I, the Cardinals might be good. Like I, I think they're still in a rebuilding phase because their defense is not great. And you know, they, like, I, the one thing I was very impressed with with Cardinals today is they didn't run the ball that great. And I always thought that if the Cardinals don't run the ball, they're, they're basically cooked. But Kyler made those, like running around Kyler plays on the weekend. The Call of Duty's been released. Yeah. It's a great, great showing from Kyler. He gets, he gets a a night off. Yeah. Give give him I hope that, I hope, what's his name?


Jonathan Gannon said after the game like, Hey, you know what Kyler, you deserve Monday off to play, play some Call of Duty. Yeah. Give him, give him two days off. Send a replacer in. Yeah. And have him just take re at practice. The, the Kyler Murray stepping up when James Connor can't thing. I feel like James Connor is, he's still gonna pop up for maybe three more games a season where he has two touchdowns. Yeah, definitely. He'll, He'll still have his good games, but he's not like a game changing, running back. He had one today. He just didn't out. Yeah. They just didn't run. It didn't feel like they had any pop on their running game. He also had a very, very funny two point conversion where he tried to jump from like the six yard line when he got the ball. Yes. And then came down at like the four. Yeah. Not even close to it, but the, the Cardinals man first place. I think the Cardinals are good enough to win that division.


I don't think it's a good division. They already beat the 49 ERs. They Beat the 49 ERs and the offense can look good. I, yeah. The Cardinals are still in it. As for the Dolphins Tua coming back definitely made it look like the Dolphins were a competent football team again. They're back into their fun to watch because the last whatever has been four weeks of the Dolphins has been a chore to watch on TV and credit to Tua. He slid, He'd slid And He slid, he did not wear the Guardian cap today, but he did do some crazy, crazy plays. I feel like. Oh. So McDaniel was like just absolutely hating his job for the last four weeks because he had to try to run, you know, boring vanilla ass plays.


He had to try to run Skyler Thompson plays. Yeah. No matter what quarterback was in, he's like, I'm just gonna call the Skyler plays for you. He, and then getting Tua back, he's like, I'm gonna have Tua throw the ball behind his back. I'm gonna have Tua throw an empty hand with his left hand forward as he does a shovel pass with his right hand. He was like, yeah. He was just so happy to get to do all the freaky weird shit. The way the game started. I had a, I had a theory that was maybe people weren't really listening or thought I was stupid. 'cause it is stupid theory. I was like, what if Tua got concussed into just being permanently in the zone. Yeah. Because that's how the game started. Yeah. He was doing crazy shit. Yeah. Giving yourself a medically induced minor concussion. Yeah. Woodpeckers walk around all the time with minor concussions. It's facts industrious as fuck.


Yeah. That's facts. See, so I I I don don't know if the Dolphins are gonna be frisky, but I I came away from this. Oh, Hank's saying no. No, I think they're, I think they're back to being a fun watch. They Have two wins. Yeah. But they're, they're a fun watch. But they didn't have their quarterback for a lot of games. They blew this game. They did blow blow this game. But I, I was That's not frisky. Okay. I think their offense is frisky back to frisky like two of, maybe actually frisky is probably the wrong word. Their offense is just good again, don don't know what happened with their defense at the end of the game, but their offense is fun to watch. Yeah. They're, they're just a fun watch period.


If it, if the Dolphins are on with two No, their offense is, I'm gonna stacked. But I I, it was just shocking to me that how bad they play without Tua. Oh, I agree with that. Yeah. Like the 49 ERs offensive stacked. You could put any QB in And. it still Happen. That's Brock Purdy slander. I don't like that. But the, the Dolphins was the complete opposite. I don't like that. Brock Purdy slander, Trey Lance, Jimmy G and Brock Purdy. How much of a difference Jimmy g Super Rock Purdy Super Bowl. Yeah. Much better. But They both went to the Super Bowl. That's my point. Brock Purdy's better. That's my point. Jimmy Rapo, all he does is win football games. But Jimmy G's way better than Tyler Huntley and Tim Boyle.


True. Like they were, they were starting non-starters. Lemme ask you this, Hank, do you think that McDaniel makes a play for Jimmy G? He would've been a great backup for that team. Is Where Is Jimmy G? He's on the Rams. He's on the Rams? Yeah. Oh, he's probably, he's getting, he's fucking Slaying puss. Yeah, But you think he wouldn't crush Puss in Miami? Yeah. Well, LA Like here, here's Jimmy G. Is he, he did not, not enough puss for that man in San Fran goes to Vegas, pus City, and then he goes to LA push Lee Hills 9 0 2 1. Oh. Then now he's gonna go to South Puss in Miami. Yeah. He's hitting The mall. I think he's gonna hit, he's gonna have sex with every woman in America before he is outta the league.


Yeah. I just, I I think the Dolphins, I, here's what I'll say the Dolphins are gonna play. Spoiler. They'll beat the team that they, that that is trying to go to the playoffs late in the season. If Tua stays healthy. You don't think so? A team, yeah. They'll win. But they're supposed to be like a playoff team. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're not, they're, they're definitely, they're not, not living up to expectations. And I, again, I came away from this being way more impressed with the Cardinals. I was more saying that, I guess it's because we saw what it was like without Tua. That I was just so happy to have Tua back. Because having a Dolphins game on one of the TVs wasn't just a pain to like aver. Yeah. Like I would, when the Dolphins were playing the last few weeks, I would just avoid looking at that tv.


Yeah. Now I'm like, Ooh, what's Tua doing? Yeah. They they're fun to watch on offense. Yeah. They do crazy shit. And Kyler is very fun. Kyler iss having a a, a good year. And I, I'm, I'm buying on the Cardinals being the, like the Cardinals could, could either get a playoff spot or they could Yeah. They could win the NC and the NFC West is just a, I don't even know who's good. It's mid-off. I mean the Rams are all the way back. The Rams are one game out. It's crazy. Alright. Hank, you walked out. They're not trading Cooper Cup. They're not trading Cooper Cup. Hank, you walked out when we were about to do this game. Patriots 25. Jets 22. Go ahead. Hank Floor is yours.


I mean, it's sad. It was fun the last couple weeks being able to, you know, look at, what is it called? Tanka thon. Yeah. Tanka thon.com where all the losers go and seeing our, our our, the New England Patriots at the top of the draft board. Number one pick had no expectations, thought we were gonna get boat race. Thought it was gonna be, you know, the Aaron Rogers DeFonte Adams Get Right Game. Make a run for the playoff. They got a window. Drake may played great. Drake may only played like if Drake may have played the whole game, they would've won by 40. I think he played like three. Oh wow. Three drives. Oh wow. 40, 40 scored a touchdown. Which unfortunately for the Jane, the Hail Mary happened. I was really looking forward to being able to be like, my quarterback actually scored today and he only played a few drives.


I'm sorry that I took that from you, Hank. It's all right. I'm sorry. I feel bad for you. The concussion was kinda weird because it was like, I didn't, it didn't seem like he got hit that hard. Yeah, he got hit kind of on the back of his head. It was a weird angle. It was Like a tap. And don don't know if that should make me more concerned or less concerned. Why would it make you less concerned? Because it wasn't like a To a, from the visual test. It didn't seem bad at all. Maybe he's too honest. And the Kyle Rudolph story, don don't know. If you guys saw some Minnesota Vikings fan found the clip from where it's from the play, you would never notice that he got concussed that bat in a million years. Like he was just coming across the middle and, and he got hit.


But that play happens in every game in the history of football. Are you just finding out that concussions might be a problem the Other time? No, but it was more like if he was that fucked up from that play then that after watching Drake May thing, I'm like, oh, it wasn't that bad. But then it made me think of what Kyle Rudolph said. Are you Saying that sometimes maybe concussions are under reported? Yeah. After that it's like there's a million a day. Yeah. Do you I mean it is So what was the meme you shared with us? Yeah. Bo Boston Sports Throwback made the meme. It was Michael Scott and his old boss at Dun Mifflin. And the old boss said, or it was Michael Scott was, you know, young Michael Scott with the long hair two and six.


don don't have my phone on you. Can you read the, where's your, Your phone shaking hands. And they're both two and Six. Where's your phone go? Just living in the moment. You Just had your phone for the whole first part of the show. I was like, I need to Live in the moment. Well, I was doing my boomer. All right, Here it is. It's Michael Scott's bosses, the Jets, the old bosses, the Jets highest expectations in 25 years. Shaking Michael Scott, who's the Patriot's lowest expectation in 25 years and two in six record both of them. That's brutal. That's Also reports dysfunctional locker room. They don't know if they're gonna stick with Mayo. Memes. You, you're a memes guy. Talk us through this Memes.


I feel bad for memes. I'll say that. You can say that because you, it, it is crazy that you guys are like full on rebuild and the Jets are full on. We should win the Super Bowl this year All in. And you're both two and six. And Drake made it even play and Drake made it even play. He did play. He did play. Okay. He played. So, alright, so, so memes. I am, first of all, I do want to hear your analysis of this meme, but also I want to hear what you're going to do this week to make it all go away. Nothing. The season's over. Damn. What? It's over Actually over. It's over, dude. Lemme see. Well, I I have a fix for you.


Hit me. Cut Greg Zer line. Yeah. They should have done that two weeks ago. It's insane. The guy can't kick and you're losing games. 'cause he can't Kick. I mean, if he could kick Rob Sawa still has a job. Yeah. Against the Broncos. That's a win. Yeah. You probably have two more wins. You're probably instead of a two and team you're at four and four like, and you're fine. He can't kick and you just let him not kick as a kicker continually. And Ann Rogers didn't even play that bad. I mean, he's old. He's he's old as shit. There was a quote after the game from one of the Patriots players that said he's just not the same. He was like, I chase him down and I'm 500 pounds.


How's the quote? Yeah, it might have over Exaggerated. Did did you see the quote Aaron Rogers had? Jeff Ulrich said, it's a moment of darkness for the Jets. And Aaron Rogers said, I've been in the darkness. You gotta go in there and make peace with it. He's just talking about his fucking darkness Retreat. Yeah, he's talking about Ayahuasca. Yeah, they, Well is that, was that the ayahuasca or was that the, because remember he did a darkness retreat that was different than the Ayahuasca. Would you, would you go to a darkness retreat sober though? Yeah. Well he went to the place in, what was it like Oregon or Washington? Where you like, basically lived in a hut. Yeah. That was pitch Black Oregon. I looked it Up. Yeah, I looked it up too. It looks like a bunch of gnomes and they Oh yeah, That's right. He like lived in a tree, right? Yeah. He lived, he lived in like the, like Yeah, basically the side of a hill.


Yeah. In a mossy home for two. Remember he left it early though. Yeah, He quit. So Actually he doesn't know this. He quit after like a day And. It's, It's not a real darkness retreat. Somebody comes there every day and like knocks on your door and talks to you and they're like, Hey, it Says a riddle. Here's Your food. Figure out this riddle. Think about this riddle. It is. He is a gnome. Yeah. This is a gnome lifestyle. He's a keebler elf. Okay. So yeah, memes. Aaron Rogers. What are you gonna do with him? Wait, can We have The meme analysis first? Oh yeah. Good point. Oh Yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's a good meme. If we're just doing a unbiased breakdown, I would probably flip it just 'cause the Patriots are the older Oh, Good point. They've been there. Yeah, that's a Good point.


That's why, that's why you're the best in the biz. Yeah, that's, that is why you're the best in the biz. Also, he is wearing the, the short sleeve shirt. It looks kinda like Mayo's sweatshirt that he had on the Sidelines. But let me, let me back up this account. Rogers is the older guy because he's 40. And Drake May is the new guy. He's young. So it actually kind of works. Yeah. But the pa the Jets are still the, the little brother. Oh no. Yeah. Who's Kevin? Spilling chili everywhere. Sauce. Probably Joe Douglas Sauce. Gardner Might be to, to a concussed. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Concussed. Tua. So yeah. Memes. What, what do you do? What do you do moving forward? Well, Aaron Rodgers probably gonna retire just next week and then we just move on. This is so sad. So you're totally done. Well I mean, the Talk to me means is never totally done to No, because let's, let's be, we gotta all be honest here. Like, I'm, I'm not, I think the Bears could still make the playoffs. That's stupid right now. We can't make the playoffs. You can't. So you're totally done. We're right now. I, I've been saying we'll go like 11 and six, blah blah, blah. We're right. We're on pace for two and 15. Two and 15.


There's The two and 15 team. Yeah. And the vibes are really bad in the locker room. don don't know if you saw some of the tweets, but I I did not. There was one that was, let me find it for you 'cause I just wanna, I want to get your thoughts on it. Brie Hall was in the Jets locker room in full uniform towel over his head with head hanging low hands on his head. This loss devastating on so, so many levels to players in here. They're searching for answers they can't find Hall one of those guys who this means much more or so much to Damn Full, full uniform pads. Everything. Just, they Need a realer speech from Devonta Adams. The last one obviously wasn't real enough.


Yeah, they, I I have a insult stat. So it means cover your ears. Oh yeah. It's from Rich Samini. He said this is crazy. The Jets had zero turnovers, held the Patriots at 247 yards and still lost. They're the first team to lose a game in which they did not turn the ball over and held their opponent under 250 yards since week three of 2012. You know what happened in week three of 2012 also? Aaron Rogers lost Oh. To the Seahawks in the Fail Mary game. Oh. Since then, teams to do that had been 220 and zero until today. Oh damn. Pretty, pretty Well Also, also memes. Jacoby ETT did a game winning drive on you and he's not a good quarterback.


And the big play was on Sauce Garner. And also I, can I say something that I think Hank you'll probably agree with? I think actually Max you'll agree with PFTU definitely will agree with, I think if the Patriots learned how to catch the ball and caught the ball in this game, they probably would've won by like two touchdowns. Yeah. They had so many Drops. It was, it was crazy. They dropped a million balls. Don don't think they went by two touchdowns, but Drake may have played the whole game. How did Kesha booty get so bad at catching the ball? They Dropped everything. Memes. They did drop. He was supposed to be like in college. He was, he was gonna be like a top 10 pick. Yeah. Hassan Reddick. He played.


We suck. We suck. We suck. Nothing. There's no help. We don't have a coach. We fired the coach. We upgraded to the dc He's in over his head. He used all his timeouts in the first quarter. He doesn't know what That was funny. That was nuts. That Was funny. It's crazy. All the timeouts gone. That was crazy. You just gotta hope Woody Johnson gets arrested. Yeah. This is a disaster of a season. How's Greenie doing? He's bad. Also. Lighthouse Curse Broken. He's really bad. Oh yeah. Gross. Like, you can't even use that anymore. How mad does that make you? Oh, What do you mean you Still use it? You have two. You have two wins. It's that dumb fucking lighthouse bit built. No, but he No more than that. He did just, no, that was their first win in front of the new Lighthouse.


No second. They broke the Bills When Last season They did. Yeah. In front of the new Hot Lighthouse. Yeah. That was their only home win or Yeah. Oh, memes definitely did some research. 'cause he knew that was gonna come up. No. What what memes, what he's been saying. Is that the No, since I rung the bell. Oh, Hank. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's the one that you post every week. What are you talking about? Yeah. Since Hank kept the light. No, It's not. Yeah. What do you post every week? It's The overall Record. No, it's, I've seen, I hank I know what you're saying. He, he does the one where it's like, since Hank Lockwood has kept the light, they haven't won a game at home. Who was the keeper of the light today? Don? Don't know. Bring 'em back. Bring 'em back.


I'm sorry. Memes. Same. I'm in the same boat as you. Well, not fully, but loser organizations do loser things. Yep. That's just kind of what happens. Do you guys wanna power rank to win teams in the fcs? Yes. I would love to. Okay. Jet's gotta be number one. Really? They're dangerous dude, I think But the Dolphins are frisky Dolphins? No, it's it. No Browns with Jamis? No, It's in the Fcs. Oh, just AFCs. Yeah. So Dolphins Dolphins versus Jets. Right now in Miami, the Dolphins are favored by what? Two points? Three points?


Yeah. Oh, is vegetarian. Oh yeah. Fuck Yeah. Yeah. He's kind of Don don't know. I I think Jet think, I think I think the Jets. I think Jets close Second Dolphins. But how can you, the Patriots just beat the Jets. Yeah. But. yeah. But Jet's got Aaron Rogers. Yeah, true. True. They got Devonte Adams. Now Hassan Reddick You. What do you think? We Don't have a fucking coach. Yeah. Butt tolerate the two win teams. Don Coach, we're the best team. We don't have a coach. We have no one to coach these players. We have good players on our team. We don't have a coach. Do you? Yes, we do have good players. Dolphins have good players. They have a coach. Patriots Have okay players.


Do the Patriots have bad players? Do the Patriots have a good coach? No. Bears Don have good players and a bad coach. Well, the Patriots have bad players, but they beat a team that has good players. We don't have a kicker. You don't have a kicker. That's The problem part. That's the one you gotta fucking get rid. You gotta find a kicker. You gotta get rid of that guy. He's bad and he's costing you every game. Hey, listen, win Thursday night. No, the season's over. Okay. It's over. I I, I tend to agree with you 'cause I don't think you're gonna beat the Texans. 'cause that Texans, you know what, let's do the Texans game. Texans 23. Colts 20. That Texans defensive line is ferocious.


Ferocious. I, I, their their, their defense kind of won this game. I mean the, the Texans offense continues to be clunky. Their offensive line isn't great. Stefan Diggs got hurt, but they're, the Texans are six and two And. it feels like they've yet to play their best game. Yeah. They, well, that's the thing is like, they haven't really played a great game yet. Right. Which is really strange. Like, so we don't know if the Texans have that. I I've just been waiting for the Texans to finally have that great game. But you're playing the Colts and the Colts play. Everybody close, no matter how outmatched they are, no matter how injured they are, the the Colts are just kind of gonna be around at every single game despite the fact that they get some terrible quarterback play. Yeah. So Anthony Richardson in the first half, two for 15.


Two for 15 for 81 yards in the first half. Now to be fair to Anthony Richardson, he had three drops in the first half. And I went back, I watched all three of those drops. And he very easily could have been five for 15 for 150 yards. Okay. That would've been an awesome stat line. Yeah. If we had gotten that. Yeah. Because he, he hits the bombs. But besides a, a couple deep shots that he took, the game plan seemed to be just give Anthony Richardson the ball and then have him run and just hope that he doesn't get hurt somehow when he is running with the ball. Yes. Because he doesn't, he never slides, he runs at people and at one point he ran so much that he, he took himself outta the game.


He, That was tough. I don't think I've ever seen an NFL quarterback say, I need a blow. And he said it and he, after in the post game, he was like, yeah, I was tired. Yeah. I just need a blow coach. That's a crazy thing to say. It's, it's nuts. Anthony Richardson and we're not gonna pick on him. He's, I mean, I guess I still understand the cults trying to figure it out because you took 'em with the number four pick. I do think Joe Flaco probably wins this game. Yeah. That, That's the thing about the Colts, they're constantly one score away. Right. With bad quarterback play. If you have average quarterback play, you win these kinds of games. Yeah. So Anthony Richardson is from Austin Gale. Anthony Richardson ranks 222nd in completion rate among the 225 quarterbacks with 250 plus drop backs since the year 2000.


So the only three quarterbacks that are below Anthony Richardson are Tim Tebow, Mike McCannon, McMahon from the Eagles, and then Achilles Smith. That's bad. Yeah. Ryan Leaf is ahead of him. Yeah. It's not good. Ryan Linley, Curtis Painter, Troy Smith, JaMarcus Russell, Andrew, Walter. They're all ahead of him. It's just don don't know. don don't know if it's like mechanics or what. I mean, he's, he's never been accurate. But. yeah. I mean there was drops. I guess just keep trying. Yeah, Keep trying. I, I guess It's good to see Jonathan Taylor out There. It depends on what you wanna accomplish this year. I, I think you just have to keep trying because you gotta basically definitively say, alright, this didn't work, And, we have to move on.


But you can't do that if you don't play him. Right? Yeah. Yeah. He has, he has to learn. He is not gonna learn by not playing. Right. So, but, excuse me. But Flaco Flaco wins this game. Flaco wins this game. The Texans are good and they have not played a good game yet. Also, deforest Buckner being back for the Colts helps a lot too. Deforest Buckner definitely helps. I always forget how huge he is. Yeah. He's a monster. He's a monster. Okay. The next game, Lions 52, Titans 14. This was a weird game because it was tied. 1414. The final score is 52 14.


The Lions scored 52 points and they had 61 total net yards passing. Yeah. Some crazy, crazy stats outta that game. That's unfathomable. It is. It really Is. Un hank can't fathom It. I cannot fathom it either. Hank. How Think about it. Can't, did they have 400 Rushing yards? No. They had special teams. Every single time you looked up, the Lions were running down the field with a special teams play. They had a 72 yard kickoff return, a 64 yard punt return, and then a 90 yard punt return for a touchdown. That's a lot of return yards. I still feel like with 52 points, there's Like 250 Yards missing.


Yeah. So from that, when they had 35 points, they had 130 yards of offense. Yeah. It's crazy. And they had Jared Gosta, he had 85 yards passing, so he had 28 yards passing in the first half and he scored 21 points. Look like it's, it's insane. That's the fewest, that's gotta be the fewest yards per point in the NFL. Yeah. They kept on, it was either a awesome return or a Titans turnover. Like the Lions scored the first, their first score of the game was off of a Mason Rudolph interception. 23 yards. So it's seven, nothing. And they've only had to gain 23 yards.


Then they did have the Jamir Gibbs run, which was insane. The 70 yard run. He so fucking fast. Yeah. One place, 70 Yards. So that was 70 yards. And then they got a, a big return and then they only had to go 25 yards for a touchdown. So it just kept on happening where they would just, they'd be going right down the field. Then another interception, 12 yards for a touchdown. So yeah, their, their first was two plays, 23 yards, next one plays 70 yards. Next three plays 25 yards. Yeah. Next four plays 12 yards, next seven plays, 22 yards. It Was just, every single time I looked up, there was a, a kick return that was going for a million yards. Yeah. And the Titans are the Titans the worst team in the NFL.


Well the Titans, I respect the fact that they realize Panthers like we got a Titan. Yeah. Panthers. Yeah. Probably Panthers. The Titans are, they're, the Titans have bottomed out. Like the Titans were frisky for a while. Their defense, I mean, I guess you could even say their defense. Their, they, the defense, the, the Titans out gained the Lions. Yeah. By a ton of yards. The, the Lions. The Titans defense shockingly wasn't bad in terms of yards giving up in this game. And that's just because their offense just gave the other team the ball. Yeah. But the Titans, it feels like they're bottoming out because they had the Bills game last week where they were, same thing. They were up, I know they weren't up in this game, but they were up 10 nothing.


Then they lost 34 10. This game. They're, it's 14. 14. They lost 52 14. The Lions are just an absolute juggernaut right now. I don't know like, 'cause the Chiefs are undefeated, but the Chiefs aren't playing every Chief's game. It feels like it's a little bit, they're playing really Good defense. They're playing great defense. Yeah. But the Chiefs aren't playing like a full complete game. The Lions, it feels like what they've been doing in the last four games has been just outta this world. They actually, here's a crazy stat. You ready for this? Yep. The Lions in the last four games have 172 points, which is more points in the last four games. The Lions have more points than 14 teams have points all year.


Yeah. That Was the, that's how good the Lions Have been. The Cowboys game. Yeah, the Vikings game. This one. And then, what's the other one I'm forgetting The, the Seahawks game. Seahawks, that's right. They beat the shit outta Seattle. Yeah. Yeah. They won, they won that game. 42 29. The Lions are just don don't know how you defend the Lions. How do you, how do you go against the Lions? Yeah. And this is no Jameson. No Jameson. No Jameson today. And they've got one of their other generic as receiver names that'll step up. Yeah. They got Tim Patrick. Yep. Alan Robinson. Yep. Doesn't matter. They just have the generic as receiver names. There's, I mean, Jared didn't even have to play the entire fourth quarter. Yeah, It's, it's crazy.


Best start. And this was a classic, classic trap spot because they go, they, they were going like awesome game against the Cowboys emotional win lose Aiden Hutchson, then get up off the mat, beat the Vikings in a back and forth game. Play the Titans at home at noon or one o'clock local. And then they have the Packers next week. This was the spot where the Titans or the Lions could have looked like shit. And they did the exact opposite and looked like no one could ever beat him. And Jamir Gibbs looks unreal. Oh, I have. He continues to look unreal. He's got six, is it six games in a row? Averaging over five yards per carry. Yeah. On at least 10 attempts. And the only other guys to ever do that are Franco Harris, Adrian Peterson, Chris Johnson.


It's Crazy. Yeah. Here, here's a Best start for the Lions. Since 1956, A stat from the Detroit Lions PR today marks the 19th game that David Montgomery and Jamir Gibbs have played together. They're the first running back duo in NFL history to each accumulate at least 1500 scrimmage yards and 15 scrimmage tds in a tandem's first 20 games together. They're so good. Yeah. Everything about the offense is good. They're so good. They, they don't have a weakness on offense. I don't know what to do. don don't know what to do about the Lions. The Lions are a problem. They're a problem. The only, it's like the only riddle that can be solved is if they play against the Chiefs and the defense.


Do you think they're going to I think the lines get a pass rusher in the trade deadline. I don't know. 'cause who can you get if you're not Max Crosby apparently not on the market anymore for don. Don't know. Some reason don don't know. I guess because like Mark Davis likes having a good player on his team. Yeah. Son Reddick is Son Reddick. Yeah. don don't know who else they can get, but, but, but on offense, they don't have a weakness. They don't, they've got a great tight end. They've got two, maybe three really, really good receivers. You would say Aman Ra is probably a great receiver. You've got two awesome running backs. MVP level quarterback And offensive Line. The best offensive line. Yeah. Maybe in the NFC And the one good, I guess the one silver lining for the Titans is that you're trying to trade everyone now.


And Calvin Ridley had a good game. Yeah. So that was like a, Hey, this guy's still good. Come and take him. And Christian Kirk got hurt, which is good for Calvin Ridley's trade Back. Yeah. I think this was Actually, wait, why is that good for, because He was the other receiver. Oh, he was gonna get traded. Yeah. The Jags were gonna get, were gonna trade him. Okay. That is good. This wow. Hank, this is like, Look at you. The Titans might have gone into this game just trying to increase Calvin Ridley's trade value as much as possible. If they did, if that was their game plan, this was a great result for the Titans. Yeah. And their GM is now doing interviews where he is like encouraging people, listen, stick with us long term. He's telling everyone we are tanking. Please don't hate us, but we're tanking. Just support the long-term goal. This was a great game for the tank.


Yeah. Fantastic. Great game. Great game for the tank. Okay, let's go to afternoon games before we do that. PFT, you got a couple more ads and then we'll wrap up with some playoff baseball. And who's back?


The games are brought to you by Uber Eats. It's football season. Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals in all your game day favorites this week. You can enjoy buy one, get one free fries from McDonald's only on Uber Eats. That's a great deal that they've got. Everyone likes McDonald's fries, right? They're the best. Buy one. Get one free fries at McDonald's with Uber Eats. I'm gonna do that. I might even do that Monday Night Football and treat myself to Little Fry. I'll be Fry guy craving even more. Well, they've got you covered. They got game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more All season long. Uber Eats official on-demand food delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms. Taxes and fees apply. See the app for details.


These games are also being brought to you by Hey dude. Hey dude is back. As an advertiser, I love Hey dudes. I wear my hey dudes sneakers around the house all the time. Great shoes. Perfect house shoes. Perfect. Take the dog for a walk. Shoes. Windy and Wally are the original iconic styles that are the foundation of Comfy at Hey dude. Their beloved for the most cushioned in soul ever. Wally and Windy are ridiculously lightweight and they bring a ton of fun with mix and match materials that complete any outfit. This franchise is always evolving and growing from a classic all white to camo or fleece. There is a Wally or a Windy perfect for everyone. Buy your Windy and Wally's today@heydude.com or head to local Dick's Sporting Goods to find them in person.


Okay. Afternoon games. Chiefs Raiders or sorry, bill Seahawks. We'll start with Josh Allen did throw an interception. Marty Cooper did slip, but the Bills absolutely dominated the Seahawks Things are not going good for the Seahawks right now. The Seahawks are the most confusing team in the NFL to me because when they look good and DK Metcalf was out in this game and I I, he is so important to their offense, but when they look good, they looked like he beat anyone. And then in this game they had, it was like Yakity Sachs at Goal Line plays where they had the, it was like third and Goal and the, the Botch Snap where it ended up being, or no, I think it was second and Goal. And they had third and goal from like the 34.


Then the next time they went down, they, I think the center tripped Gino Smith on fourth down. So, and then they had guys fighting each other on the sidelines. Yeah. They were fighting themselves. Yeah. And they had to trust themselves to get in between and break it up without taking sides. I feel like the Lions broke them. I mean they did beat the Falcons a couple weeks ago. That was a big win for the Seahawks. But that Lions lost on Monday night really just fucked up the Seahawks entire season. Yeah. And so it was, it was very weird for them. They couldn't get a rhythm going offensively. And then they started fighting each other. The rain was, it was the fattest rain I've ever seen. It was some fat ass rain. It was some really fat rain. And the Bills just played really good clean football. Yeah. And it. I, the Bills are just good.


Like don don't know why. I know the Ravens had been flashy because they've been killing it and they beat the Bills. The Chiefs are undefeated. Why? Like the Bills all of a sudden have like I know Stefan Diggs, they get, they trade him, but with the way the Keon Coleman's playing Shaki iss a really good receiver. Amari Cooper now there Kincaid James Cook. James Cook is, they have a ton of weapons. Yeah. James Cook is awesome. Yeah. He's playing really well and they just need to remember to run the football that it's okay to run the Football. Yeah. We also had one of the coolest Josh Allen plays where he punted a fumble for a first down. He Dropped it, kicked it. Fumble recovered. It was, it was incredible. It's a, It's a very good thing to do in a football game.


Yeah. Write that down. That is a, a loophole in the rule Book. Yeah. But I, I the Bills are just a good team. They have as many wins as the rest of the a FFC East combined. Six and two. Three and two. What should we congratulate the Bills? Yeah. I'd say the Bills have the AFCs. Congratulations. The Buffalo Bills For they've won the, the a, the C East. I think that's pretty much wrapped up. They look, I I mean the Bills like their run defense. They completely shut down the Seahawks running game. Seahawks running game suck today. They were just, it felt like they were in the backfield the entire game. I I the Bills are just really good. Max even said it. He was like, why don't we talk about the Bills being like true Super Bowl contenders. I think we do. But he, I think he was talking about more like the general public.


Yeah. I think it's because It was, I Think I know why it was the back to back Ravens Texans game. Yeah. So The, the Ravens, they looked very, very bad. Yeah. Against the Ravens it feel. And that felt like just a style, like the two styles that didn't seem like a fluke. It seems like the, the Ravens are built to just shit pump the Buffalo Bills. Yeah. And then with the Texans, that was Josh Allen's worst game I think ever. Yeah. Like one of the worst completion percentages I think of, of all time that he had. And then since then they, they've beaten two bad teams. And, we don't know what the Seahawks are. Yeah. They've And it. Well they've, they've all the games that they should win. They've won pretty handily and Yeah.


We don't know what the Seahawks are. Seahawks are just confusing. I do not know what to make of the Seahawks week to Week. No. And then they've got the Dolphins and then at Indy and then after that I'm looking forward to the 17th. Yeah. Against the Chiefs. Yeah. That's gonna be a great game. Yeah. Flex. That's Sunday night. I agree. Give Us, give that to us on Sunday night But. yeah. The, the Bills are great and I don't know what the Seahawks I can't make, anytime you have a defense fighting each other, it feels like bad vibes. Tough Look for the, for the twelves today. Yeah. Very tough look because there were a ton of Bills fans there. McDermott after the game was like, I've, I've never seen Seattle like that before. Yeah. Apparently Buffalo made the trip. Got gotta protect your track.


What comes out? Bill's Lions Super Bowl in New Orleans. Oh my, my God. We need it. Yeah. Oh my God. That would be incredible. I'm Gonna be drunk for months. That would be the, that would be the biggest. That would be such a fun party scene with those two fan bases. We need it. Knowing that one of those two fan bases is gonna get a Super Bowl. What's the spread Lines minus three and a half? Yeah. I think that I don I think it starts out at, at three and a half. The sharps take up to Five. But think about the Bills. They would have to have beaten the Chiefs and the probably the Ravens to get there. So they would've like, people would be like really hyping 'em up.


Yeah. Probably three and a half With the lines. Yeah. Lines would probably be looked at as Okay. You won the NFC. Yeah. I think, I think it's close than that now. Yeah. Three and a half. Okay. Chiefs 27. Raiders 20. We should mention it was national tight end day. So Travis Kelsey of course scored this Sunday. Yeah. This Sunday scored his first touchdown of the season. I'm just mad because I didn't just bet every tight end to score a touchdown because every tight end scored a touchdown, basically. Can't tell you something. Yeah. I don't love national tight end day. I do. If it could make us money next year Yeah. If we had capitalize on it. Yeah. It would be Nice. Yeah. If, if, if we can make a, a note for national tight end day next year.


I feel like recently tight ends, they they get their fair share of the publicity. Right. But they all, They're a lot of, They're Making a lot of fanfare about How tight ends don't make fanfare. Yeah. They just, and meanwhile keep their heads down. Meanwhile, one of them is dating the most famous person in the world. True. They, but they get no love. It's, they all scored though. Let's do a we should have bet it at, that's, that's the only thing I'm upset about is like, I didn't know that they were gonna actually all play like the most incredible games in national tight end day. Let's do a national blocking tight ends day. I like that. The guys that are like real high up in the eighties, numbers number 88 and 89 that just go out there and they get called out maybe once a series. Mercedes Lewis.


Yeah. Mercedes Lewis. Just like the real chunky guys. Real heavy legs. Yeah. Don't run very fast. Let's celebrate those Guys. Yeah. But they all went off and Travis Kel scored his first touchdown of the season. This is And He looked good today too. Yeah, he did. He looked good. The chief's defense won this game. The game basically came down to, it was a seven point game and a half, and then the Raiders started on the chief's 28 started to drive on the chief's 28 started to drive on the Chief's three. And they only got three points out of it. That was the game. And, and the the, the one they started on the 28th, they got a field goal. The one they started on the three, they got stonewalled, four straight plays.


And then Patrick Mahomes went on a 19 play 90 yard drive. That's a, that's like a, that's like a Army offense. Yeah. 19 play 90 yard drive. The, the, the Raiders got stopped at fourth and goal on the three yard line or four yard line with 3 27 in the third quarter. They didn't get the ball back till 8 44 in the fourth. Was It the Raiders or was it the Titans that had that offensive stand up? It was at the goal line and they ran like three plays outta shotgun. Like three running plays I think outta shotgun. Don don't know if I, I feel it might not have. I think that might've been the Titans. But the similar thing with the Raiders, just like not being able to get it in there. They can't run the ball.


They, they average 1.6 yards per carry day. I would Madison have like 14 carriers for 15 yards. Yeah. It was bad scene if you're a Raiders fan. Yeah. And. it was, it was the Kermit the Frog revenge game for the Chiefs Too. It was, but they didn't cover, They remembered that shit The back door. Yeah. So It didn't count for that But. yeah. The, the Chiefs defense is awesome. I don't like, and Patrick Mahomes threw another interception. don don't think it matters. He just, he just needs to like Patrick Mahomes with this defense. He needs to just have like three or four good drives a game and, and extend plays like he does. And they, they did ball control. They just, they, they held the ball and they, they suffocated the Raiders and Yeah.


Their defense is so, so for real. Are Chiefs fans concerned at all though? I Don't think so. About Mahomes just not playing as, as dominant as he's played in the past? Well, I think they probably should trade for another weapon. Actually, Seth Walder said on Twitter, I think he does analytics for ESPN. He said the Chiefs should call the Jets about Devonte Adams. Hmm. Which actually would be an interesting trade. Flip 'em. Do you think Devonte Adams is on the trade market? Nope. Why not? He's a Jet jet for three more years. Oh, okay. What should they call? They should call. They should call. Why wouldn't you call? Why wouldn't you take a call? Make, make the Jets say yes.


Yeah. Because the Raiders didn't want to trade 'em to the Chiefs. But what if the Jets trade 'em to the Chiefs? Who cares? That would Be such a funny thing. I don don't know. That would be very funny. It Would be, It would be Very funny. Play spoiler memes. I no spoiler spoil the Raiders. No, this probably isn't the most shocking thing I'm about to say. We do like him. But Antonio Pierce failed the down 14 score, late two point conversion tests. It checks out. Yeah. I never expected Did we ask him? We might've asked him. I don know if we did, but he did. He passed the Don't kick a fuel goal when you're, when you're trailing by like nine points at the one yard line. That was nice.


Yeah. Yeah. Which he failed last week. Yeah. Okay, next up. Bo Nicks. Bo Nicks Broncos 28. Panthers 14. Bo Nix had an awesome game. National tight end day. Adam Troutman had his career high and in the first half and a sick TD catch and yeah, the Broncos, this is what playing the Panthers is like. It's fun. It's really fun. It's really, really fun. 21 points in the second quarter. Bryce Young didn't look as bad as, he has looked as bad. He wasn't good today. Yeah. I was gonna say my, let's let's, Let's say it this way. Do you think Bryce Young, his, his trade value increased, decreased, or stayed the same after today?


I think The Dec it's, it's Nothing. He's bad. The Panthers should have benched him the second he finished that first drive for a touchdown. Yeah. And when they went up seven, nothing because that was it. That was the peak. You should have gotten out Right then. That was, that was basically you're hot on on on the blackjack table. Walk away a winner. Like that was it right there. You Gotta do a and dump with Bryce on. Yeah. You gotta you gotta script out some sick plays for him right off the bat. And then after he gets done with it, be like, okay, we, we can't get you hurt. Yeah. Come to the sidelines. Let another team take you. I I mean I, I do think the Broncos are, they're, they're, I mean their defense is very good and if Bo Nicks can play with some confidence, you got something there. Would you say the Broncos are a very quiet five and three?


Yeah, I would say so. Why Are they such a quiet five and three? I think they're a quiet five and three because we've seen bonus is his bad has been really bad. I think it's because two things, the loss to the Steelers in week two, they scored six points. That was a tough game to watch. Yep. That was really tough. And then Yeah. Besides that I guess they beat the Jets 10 to nine. Yeah. That was a bad, that was just a bad game to watch. 'cause it was that weird storm in, in New Jersey. Yeah. And the, and their win against the Bucs was kind of, you know, that was an early game that was kinda lost in the shuffle. So, and, and people didn't think the Broncos were good then, but now they're, they're five and three.


This is the best Broncos been in a while. They probably, they probably started eating Uncrustables right before that Bucs game. Yeah. Which by the way, we have a entire refrigerator full of like 700 Uncrustables. Right. 800. 800. We're ready to go this week. So We're trying to beat the Broncos. Right. That's the goal. But we're not doing it in a way. I still have to send out the email to the office being like, don't, it's not a competition. But Don't eat 10 a day But eat as, eat as many Uncrustables as you want. It's not a competition. Just do it naturally. How do I send that email? Or should not even send an email and just see people. 'cause people will just generally just go and grab 'em. Yeah. That's the way we do it. Yeah.


Just don't make a big deal outta beating the Broncos. We wanna see naturally where we stack up. Yeah. I think that's fair. Like, I'm probably gonna have like four or five a day maybe. Yeah. I was trying to do math. I I feel like we're Gonna break a deal. I think those uncrustable are gonna gone by Wednesday. Oh really? Personally, eat three a day. Really? We're even trying if We'll beat it by the end of the week for sure. Okay. Yeah. I think we can do that. I like that. What means you're saying? Yes. You said you dominated. Some people are gonna eat like seven to 10. Yeah. No. We'll crush it. You Two being two of them. What I I just said I'm gonna eat three. Exactly. I said I was gonna eat four or five.


Exactly. Did JC Horn try to fight Sean Peyton after the game? Can you find that clip? I saw it going around. I didn't, I wasn't able to watch it 'cause I saw it after we started. I'm pretty sure JC Horn tried to fight Sean Payton for doing a fake field goal up 14 or 21. He ran up to him. Yeah. At when the game ended In the middle of the field. Yeah. And was like, what the fuck? I mean the Panthers are just so sad. It's, it's, it's, it's a tough watch. It's a tough, tough watch. I don't really know what, what you do. All right. Here it is. Wait, Sean Peyton is definitely not someone that gives a fuck about like good sportsmanship.


No, I Would say actively, I'd say the the contrary. Yeah. I don't think he's Peyton. I tell you what. Okay. He ran up on him. Yeah. I think he just gave, that's giving him a piece of your mind. It's just Shop talk. Yeah. Piece of his mind just Being upset. Trick play on fourth and two. Well, up 28 7 in the fourth quarter. Sean Payton's trying some stuff Out. Yeah. You gotta you gotta get a look at it. You gotta see what works. Alright, last up. Or we'll talk about Sunday Night football as well. Chargers 26. Saints eight. Justin Herbert is really good. And so is Lad McConkey. Yeah. Lad football. Lad Saints might be the worst team in the the league.


They're the, The Panthers. The Panthers. You forget about the Panthers. Yeah. No, but, but so take out the Panthers. Who's The second worst? Okay, so you got the Titans Titans, you Got the Raiders Raiders Jets Saints Wells. The frustrating thing about the Raiders is they're so Gardner Menchu knows where the ball should go or he knows where he should run, when he should take off and run. But he is just like not fast enough to actually get there. Yeah. And he doesn't have the arm strength to actually get the ball there. Right. Right. But don don't think that the Raiders are as bad as the Titans. I guess the Saints will be better when Derek Carr comes back because they bench Spencer Rattler today for J Kaner. Which yeah, I mean it's, it's a bad scene. And Have you, have you seen Jake ER's like press photos that he did this year?


Yeah. They are so fu zesty. They're so funny. Yeah. Zesty. They're the funniest press photos of all time. Yeah. Justin Herbert was a beast today though. He's really fucking good. And hey listen guys, Chargers they win next week. Might be making some, some ground. I really wish we'd beaten the Cardinals for that Superbowl fu future. I also wanted to do something real quick. Now this is, I'm, I'm gonna say I understand like the content business. I don't wanna copy anyone, but I did see this new segment on inside the NFL called Football guy the week. And I wanted to give football guy the week to Bradley Bozeman. Yes. For Protecting Justin Herbert after Nathaniel Shepherd basically tried to rip his leg Off.


Yeah. So Nathaniel Shepherd did like the gator roll with Justin Herbert's leg, tried to shatter his ankle, his knee, and then Bozeman saw it happen and he came in and just wiped them out, which was awesome. They shouldn't have penalized him for that. Yeah. And then after they asked him about it, he said, it's probably one of the dirtier plays I've ever seen. And then he said, protect your quarterback no matter what Football guy of the week. Football guy of the week. And that's, you can credit Say inside the NFL, you know that That Harbaugh went up to him after the game was like, protect your quarterback no matter what. Yeah. He's like, yeah, you're absolutely right coach. I love you. Yeah. Yeah. Herbert. Yeah. Yeah. Harbaugh definitely gave him a game ball and probably like smacked him around a Little. I'll pay your fine. That was one of the dirtiest plays. It was I don, super I don know what the fuck that guy was doing.


He almost like blacked out and forgot that we were in the year 2024 and this wasn't, and then what? Just an insane, insane, just trying to twist Justin Herbert's leg. Yeah. Yeah. So Bradley Bozeman first ever football guy of the week. The, you Guys like that? The Saints are dirty. They're they're a dirty team. Yeah, they are. They always got the they always got it in, you know, like they got the history By football guy. I mean like, he's like a football Player. No, he is a football guy of the week. Football guy. It's like a guy that he well he is a player. Yeah. Yeah. But no football. He's a guy that just loves football, protect quarterback football. All he thinks about is football. Yeah. Protect your quarterback no matter what. That's interesting. Do you get it? Yeah. I don't think you get it. Hank doesn't get it. I mean I feel like everyone's dude, all players are watching I.


don get it. Don't get football. You don't get it. They Do a better job explaining than we Do. Alright, last up. Sunday night football. The Cowboys, they just did the same thing where they were, they were actually playing Okay. In the first half. Niners come out and beat the shit out of him. And then the Cowboys make the game look like it's more competitive than it was by only losing by six. Yeah. Some nice plays by the 49 ERs defense. They had a, a sick interception of dach. They almost got another one at the very end of the game too. Dak had some, Dak had that one interception where he was basically telegraphing it to a double covered CD lamb along the sideline. Yeah. Was bad. What, what was this?


Trayvon Digs did a a D's nuts joke to reporters. Yeah. This is great. After the game, This was after the game. There, there was a, this reporter tweeted something. It was like, what, what is Trayvon Diggs doing on this play? And he just went nuclear on him. Oh hell yes. And yeah, I'll show you I don play it. That whole play, that's what you took from that. You don't know football, you can't do nothing that I do. You can't go out there and do nothing. Stay in your lane, buddy. Stop playing with me bro. Just asking the question. Trayvon. I mean, I'm happy to have You answer the question outta that whole play. That's what you took for that. That's what you got from that, that whole play. That's what you got from that.


I'm asking you. We can talk about it more. What? Talk about what were you doing then You ever, right at the end he says, we can talk about these nuts. Oh, Jerry's gonna have that guy fired. Yeah. Or try to. Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't feel good. Cowboys are doesn't feel like good vibes in in Dallas right now. It doesn't. But this, this is great vibes for the Niners. Yeah. And Ricky Pearsall got the ball was fast out there. That was cool to see. Yeah. Good for him And their backup running back. Isaac Gredo was awesome. And, and Kittle. Yeah. Kittle showed up for national tight end day 128 yards in a touchdown. So Niners back or do they play the Cowboys? I I think the Niners might be back.


Dak is just, Purdy looked good too. Purdy was moving around out there. He's got, he had Deebo back, which is very helpful. So having Deebo and kiddo playing at the same time, like the 49 er don don't think there's anything broken about the 49 ERs besides the fact that they have a lot of players that aren't playing for them. Yeah. And when they get those guys healthy, I still think that they're a good team. They're not, I guess, dominant as they've been in the past when they have Christian McCaffrey. But they're still a ver I'd say they're a, a good football team. Yes. Even without 'em, and the, the Cowboys building their entire offense out of just Dak and CD lamb feels like it's not built for long-term success. Did they give the ball to cook at all? Did Dalvin Get the ball?


Dalvin got six carries for guess the yards. Six carries 11 yards. 12. 12 yards. 12 yards. Oh, you still got it. You still got that burst. Yeah. But when you look at like who Dak throws the ball to CD had 13 catches. 17 targets, and then the rest of the team basically had the rest of the team had 20 targets. He had 17. And what does it feels not sustainable. I'm watching this, this Ricky Pearsall. Was it an end round inside handoff? Yeah. He's gonna be fun to watch. Yeah. And, we werere saying he should be allowed to do the, the simulated guns. Yes.


Got shot. He's The only guy If you got shot, if you got shot, maybe tank de Maybe Tank de. Yeah. You should be allowed to do it. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. And Brian Robinson. Brian Robinson should be allowed to do it. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Okay.


Before we do who's back of the week, I got a rollback question for you guys. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, rollback.com, promo code take


Are the Yankees cooked? Let's talk a little World series. Let's talk. I think Aaron Judge, not a true Yankee Aaron judge. Is Aaron Boone a true Yankee? No. No, but Aaron Judge is a Loser. I think he, he was a true Yankee player. But can you, he's kinda lost that as a manager. Yeah. The game one of the World Series was one of the best baseball games ever. Yeah, it was great. It was so exciting back and forth. Freddy Freeman's Grand Slam walk-off home run was one of the coolest moments. Him, he just knew the second it hit his bat that it was gone. Yeah. Has to be the coolest feeling of all time. You watch that and you think that almost every dude that is that is watching that baseball game has pretended to be that person.


Yeah. In that moment when they were young. Yeah. And it, the Yankees are just like Aaron Judges a regular season merchant. All he does is get hit home runs a regular season, doesn't show up in the playoffs. Like that's a And and if there's one fan base that will not tolerate that, it's the New York Yankees. Yeah. Does not have his pin stripes. And having a guy like Juan Soto come in and be the only one that's, that's hitting dingers. It was John Carlo. Didn't Juan Soto, John Carlo hit one on game one. I'm talking about Game Two, but John Carlo, he hit one to the, to the moon. And John Carlo's been hitting a lot of dingers. But I'm saying having a guy like Soto Yeah, yeah. Parachute in. Yeah. And then be clutches fuck in the World Series. Yeah. And judge who's been there and been a great player for the Yankees for a long time, have him still not be able to do anything in, in that big of a moment.


That's it makes it more glaring. He's, it makes it more Obvious. And he's like, and he's just, it feels like, I mean, it's because he's batting third don don't know why they don't drop him Max, why don't they drop him? Well then you really kill his confidence. But every big moment in the first two games, Aaron judges come up and he's been a zero. But you need, like, the Yankees need Aaron Judge to give you something if you're going to like, if, But every time he comes up you're like, damn, I wish this was John Carlo. If you're a Yankee fan. Yeah. I mean you could drop him the four, that would be fine. That would be fine. But I don, it's Not don don't, don don't like this whole, don't, you're gonna kill his confidence if you make him hit in a different place in the lineup. Why?


Because then it's like, okay, then you weren't that confident to begin with if you, but Baseball is such a, if baseball's such a mental game, like everyone, like when you're in a slump, you are very fragile and you just gotta You to Tre Turner and and just congratulate him. You gotta hit your way out of it. Like there's nothing, there's nothing you can really do other than just like try and hit your way out of it. But what's, what's more important having, having judge, like be well mentally or putting him further back in the lineup. So he is not doing as much damage to you by having him hit sooner in the order. It's the World Series. Yeah. But, but you're, are you just gonna punt like potentially your best player, But maybe he wakes him up Or It should be potentially your best player.


It's the World Series. Is he your best player or not? He is playing like shit, but Baseball's so different. Like you can be the best player in the world and be so, and be playing poorly. Like you, you just gotta like, I I feel like playoff averages are pretty good representations of your playoff performance. It's not like a fluke. No, He's been Bad for a, he's not having a series. I know. I I he's Been bad all playoffs. I don't disagree with that. I'm just saying like, that's the only reason why I wouldn't do that. I, I love our good friend Tommy Smokes. He's gone, he's gone back to the dark side. He's trying to be positive all year. And I don't know if you guys have seen, but he's gone back to the dark side and his, his tweets are very funny because he's just, he's ruthless about the Yankees he was calling, let me, let me find it.


That game falls on Aaron Judge and his pathetic ninth inning at bat. Volpi two Soto showed up and nobody else too little too late. Just not a serious team. I guess at least we're heading back to the Bronx. Oh wait, no. What was the one he had won with Carlos Rodan? Did he delete it? He called him a fat pig, Which I just like, He's, he's like, just basically like, he's not ready for this moment. He's a fat pig. They're just, Yankee fans are brutal. Then the, you had the, the scene at at Billy's right. The bar in the Bronx where they were cheering when Shhe got hurt. I have no problem with that. Yeah. At a bar.


If it was, if it's, if it's a crowd they paid tickets to go to. It's one thing. But at a Yankee bar in the Bronx, And you're also so desperate for anything like, maybe don't cheer, but you know, they're all happy. Like that's just how fandom works. Yeah. But it's all, you can think that and also think that's beneath the Yankees. No, I think they're desperate. I think they're, I think they're into a desperate state Mind. Yeah. But being desperate is beneath the Yankees. Yeah. I got tremendous joy outta the fact that game one Aaron Boone made, like, you know, it's the players, but the manager basically cost him the game and, and game two by putting someone in who hasn't played meaningful baseball in, in a month.


And then game two, he just did the same thing, but with a batter. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was insane how he led him get himself in that spot. Two games in a row. Yeah. Game one. When he, when he put on put in Cortez, it was just like, what are you doing, dude? Two pitches. He's Like, he's been pitching good. It's, here's the, here's the bottom line. The Dodgers are just so fucking good. They're so goddamn good. Their bullpen's insane. Their, their plate discipline is insane. Like, if they don't swing, it's, it's, it's gonna be a ball. I, the, the game one ump was horrendous, but they're just, they're just a wagon. Like, you can't make a single mistake with the Dodgers. And as bad as Aaron Boone's been, and Aaron Judge has been, I don't know, I don't know who's beating the Dodgers right now.


Right. Yeah. I mean, Tani's gonna be a big factor. Yeah. But I still think they'll probably beat him. don don't know to, I mean, Tommy Edmond guy just makes big, gets big hits. They just got, they just got dudes everywhere. Okay. Should we wrap up with some who's back of the week?


Who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends at Coors Light? Do no matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram. Tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt. Five winners will be selected every Saturday until 12 seven. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold refresher and Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment literally made it chill. Coors Light is cold, lager cold filtered in cold package. It's as crisp and refreshing as the Rockies perfect for a moment to unwind. We love Coors Light. We love chilling with Coors Light. Even the biggest rivals agree When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game. You choose chill. And then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That, that's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company golden Colorado coors light.com/take.


Who's back of the week? Hank? My who's back of the week is shorts. Oh, You seriously don't have a single who's back of the week. I was gonna talk about baseball. I also, I mean I I we just saw a commercial for Krispy Kreme McDonald's collab. Yeah. Which has had my head, head in a pretzel for the last hour with The buns. That's Also your, Who's back? The buns or donuts? I Don't know. It looks, I I was blown. It's like the, you know, the Avengers and the Justice League getting together. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty incredible. Looks delicious. It's, that's one of those things that people always talk about. Like, oh, they get this burger. It's got donuts as the buns and it's usually at a place that just does Instagramable brunches. Like they make their dishes so that you can take pictures of them.


Not so you can eat them. I've, I've had some bad experiences, like, not bad, but I don't think that it's, I would rather have a hamburger and then a donut on the side. But I will try this. Duke's back. Hank Back. Oh, what happened with Duke? They beat Arizona State by 50 in a, in scrimmage scrimmage Arizona state's bad. Yeah. Duping my 50. Okay. Okay. How'd Cooper look? Don don't know. This was Also a scrimmage, but they won 103 to 47. Okay. That they, they might be back. Fuck. That's a, that's an insane Yeah, they might be back. God damnit they might be back.


Ah, This is gonna piss me off. I'm not gonna go back to being like, I'm, I can't, I can't fake it. I feel like I've made my, my claims pretty, pretty steadfast with Duke. Like, I'm not gonna go back and, and hop all the way back in the bandwagon this year. I'll just say it. You're not gonna get excited about this. But no, I'll always root for them. But like, I, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna be beating drum for, for Duke basketball, But, But I will root for them more than I root for anyone else. Okay. That's fair. That's Fair. Yeah. That's fair. Very Fair. Hank PFT who's your, who's back? My, who's back of the week is Pup Punk is playing in New Haven.


Oh Hell yes. On Friday night. So I hope the World Series will be over by then. I think that's when game six would be right? Yeah. That's the night of game six. I think some people from the New York office are going to go out. We're gonna take a bus from New York, but it should be a fun time. We're playing at Toad's Place, which is one of those awesome venues that we play. Iconic. Yeah. It's cool. Well you're playing Friday night. Friday night. Friday night. Friday night, Friday night out there. Nice. And you sit backstage at that spot and you see like the Beatles on the wall. You see like the Rolling Stones. It's a very, very cool place. So very excited to go. Where are you gonna get pizza from? So we had pizza from two places last time. What is Rosie's one of them? Rosie's. Sally's? Yeah. Frank Pepe's. Okay. So we had, I think last time we had Sally's and Frank Pepe's.


And am I allowed to say I like both or do you have to pick one? No, of course. You like both? They're both. I mean, they're both fantastic. They're awesome. Yeah, they're awesome. So I'll be eating a fuck load of pizza. But. yeah, it should be fun. I think we got tickets on sale now and we're doing a costume contest. 'cause it's the night after Halloween. Oh hell yes. $500 prize to the best costume and I'm going to match $500 of my own cash. So you can win a thousand Bucs best costume. Hell yes. What are you gonna be? I can't tell you that. If you have to ask, you can't Afford it. I'm gonna go this Jayden. How you get problematic? Be careful. Be careful. Get problematic. Ah, because Gaz coming, my my s back. My s back is the UFC because did you guys see that guy who got his jaw wrenched?


Yeah. Harder than anyone's ever gotten their jaw wrenched. Yeah. That was crazy. Hamza Kamayev did that to Whitaker I wanna say. And he basically just shattered his jaw with a choke out. And I don't really understand how it happened. He, he tapped so quick and he like, they showed a picture the next day. His jaw is just completely fucked. Did You see that, that video of, I think it was at the weigh end. There was a guy from, I wanna say Kazakhstan, that just showed up and got on the mic to ask a question. He's like, I am undefeated fighter from Kazakhstan. I'm five and oh Dana White, please give me an opportunity to fight on short notice. I'll fight anyone.


And then Dana like sized him up and was like, what weight class are you? And he was like, I think he said lightweight. And he is like, okay, I'll give you a fight. Holy shit. The shit saw him. Yeah, just got him up on stage. And. it was like, you look like you can fight. The guy had cauli, cauliflower ears. So Dana just looked at that and was like, yeah, fuck it. If you win a fight then I'll give you an actual fight. Oh Man. That's incredible. That's pretty cool. Yeah, that's, I'm root for that guy, whatever his name is. Alright, we got anything else? I've moved on. Not actually, I'm not, I have not moved on. You've moved on for tonight. Tomorrow probably doesn't get much better. No, I'm gonna wake up tomorrow. I'm just so Mad.


Because also game, especially a game like that, you are gonna get, it's gonna get brought up to you when you don't want it to. Oh yeah. For the next week. Oh yeah. Oh, it's gonna be, yeah. Especially in this all, there's nothing worse coming in, coming into the office after a bad loss. It's like every person comes, comes up to you like you just lost a family member. I know. Don't say I know like that. Hank, What? What loss were you thinking of? Hank? When does that happen to you? Bruins last year against the Panthers. Such a dick. You're an asshole. Hank. I love you. All right.


Good show boys. Numbers. 19. Five 11 memes. You want it pass three. There We go. I was giving it to you. I'll go 99. I like it. 15. No, we had 1215. Love you guys.