
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have our good friend Brian Ballinger on to talk some football. We're talking football, the whole show. We got NF NFL Trade Deadline Monday Night Football. We have Hot Seat, cool Throne. We have listener Rose our back, great Rose. And we also are gonna talk some College Football.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings NBA is. Finally back. Here's a way to get even more into the action following your favorite players playing. Pick six from DraftKings, an official partner of the NBA. It's super simple to get started. First, download the DraftKings Pick six app, then select two or more players and choose if you'll have more or less of a stat, like points, rebounds, three pointers and more. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including California, Texas, Georgia, Missouri, and more. And for all, first time pick six players. Check this out. New customers play $5 and get $50 in. Pick six credits. Hoop it up all season long with the newest, most fun way to get play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app. Now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5. Get $50 in. Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction void. Were prohibited when per new customer non withdrawal. Pick six credits expire in six months. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Football Mindset. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings.


Hoop it up all season long with the newest, most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings. Pick six app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 and get $50 in. Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, November 6th. And I think we need to elect a president of this podcast. I vote for Pug. I vote for pug as well. I was gonna say maybe Hank. No, No, no. God no. God no. Why? But no, but we should make Hank the president because he doesn't want to be the President. He also, isn't that the rule? You always say like, we should find the person who least wants to be it. Yeah. My general Rule of thumb is that anybody that wants to be president should never be president. The type of ego that you would need to be president, like it's a bad idea to elect those psychos 15 yard penalty shooting you up. Jail. What Hank's go to. Hank says lock him up.


Me? Yeah. If You're throwing penalties at Me. Okay, so you're a president. He said you'd be in prison. You're not running against me. You're running against Pug. Still jail though. But I can do whatever I want. Then you can jail. Oh, okay. Enemies. Yeah. I think we need a president of the podcast. You think it should be pug? I vote Pug. Get pug in here. In A landslide Big big day in the country. We have the NF NFL Trade Deadline in max action back. The first Dog president has been elected. Yeah. All Right. Pugs gonna come in here. We're gonna tell him that he's president. What do you think his reaction's gonna be? I think he's gonna be psyched, but he's gonna be like, what do I do? He's not even here. We just elected a guy who's not even here. That's perfect. That's perfect. The country runs itself at this point. Pug is MIA. Oh no. Would, did someone throw a tennis ball or something?


Could, it's funny if he was just out on the court. He's just getting distracted chasing To get tennis ball. Alright, so yeah, there, there we you will not get any election coverage on this show. We will talk football And we also will tell Pug that he's president whenever he comes back. So Big T asked me a question about the election. I still think we should title the episode. Yeah, The election episode. You wanna I kind do. Okay. I said at the end of the, we, we already taped the end of the show and I said we should do it. Should we do it? It's, it's The most free downloads in the history of free downloads. Maybe not. Maybe that's unethical. What if we added in, what if it's like Brian Ballinger NF NFL Trade Deadline. The, the fate of our country and the fate of our country. 2024. So, so Big T had an interesting question. It was like, what if you know the write in line on every ballot?


What if enough of the country got together and wrote in the same person and then that person ended up getting elected and they didn't wanna be president? Did have to be president. That's How it works. Listen, I got duped early. I I have two things I wanna say. One is, I think I'm officially, you know, we're, we're, we're gonna turn 40 in a couple months. PFT or like three months. It's, it's been rattling me a little bit, but I'm okay. I'm good. I'm, I'm totally fine with it. Well, I haven't gone out and gotten hair surgery or bought a old car or Anything. Here's, here's what I'm, I'm dealing with. I'm just having to, I'm just having to embrace where I'm at in life. And unfortunately, I think I'm just a guy who gets duped online now. Like a fully duped online because a guy Jaguar's account said, remember in 2014 when Blake Bortles finished six for the Florida governor race?


I retweeted that. Yeah, I retweeted as well. I was like, yeah, of course he did. He's the fucking boat. But I, so I'm, I'm fine with just being the guy against that didn't happen. No, it did not happen. Well, it's said 20,000 votes. I should have been tipped off then. Here's The thing, it hadn't Been exactly Tied with whoever finished in last. Yeah. For the, and it was, I think it was like 60,000 votes. I retweeted it as well. But I think that if enough people retweet, excuse me, repost it on x.com, the everything app, it's all happening on X. If enough people repost it, then it just becomes the truth. Yeah. So I think yes, Blake Bortles, you can look that up now in Wikipedia. I'm pretty sure it says that he finished in sixth place. I'm, I'm just a duped guy now, but I I I was like, yeah, Blake Bortles would, Blake Bortles would be the perfect like politician because he would just go off vibes.


Yeah. And he would just be like whatever. Yeah. Does it help people? Oh, okay. Yeah, sure. You know what? He's a man that can put in a plan for health in America that can get us healthy again if he just does a first thing in the morning. Everybody, you wake up and you take a piss. Yeah. For your country. Wait, should Blake Bortles be the president? Pardon My Take? Sure. There's no way he's gonna pick up my phone call right now. There's one thing I'm gonna miss from this whole election stuff. Okay. The commercials. Oh, oh yeah. My god. The Commercials during Football. I'm so ready for the commercials to be done. Alright, I'm gonna call Blake if he picks up. I think he's the official president. Pardon My Take. Do you guys agree with this?


I agree, but what if he doesn't answer? Is that, is that what Blake Griffin? I Think that makes, That might make him even more president Like that. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. And then no, we'll, we'll we can get Brooks a chance. Should we just send a zoom to all three of them? Oh, I don't think he's gonna pick up. There's no chance he's gonna Pick up. It's back to Pug. Oh, yellow. Hey, we're, we're taping the show right now and you know, it's a big day in the country. So we decided that we were gonna create a president of Pardon My Take.


And we have elected you president of Pardon? My Take. Oh man, I'm honored. Oh, Hell yes. So you take the job. Oh no, I have the opportunity to decline. You do? Oh yeah. No, I don't want that. Alright. I'm, I'm VP material. Okay. Alright. You're vp. You're vp. Alright. Because we were talking about how someone a Jaguar's fan account tweeted, they're like, remember in 2014 when Blake Bortles actually finished sixth for the governor in Florida and I got duped. 'cause I love you so much. I was like, yeah, of course he did. It said you got 20,000 votes. It was completely photoshopped, but okay. So You're VP That 15 times today?


Yeah, I'm in for VP for sure. Alright, done. Alright, great. Alright. We'll talk to you later. Alright. See? Alright. See, that's a guy who should be a politician. That's perfect. Yeah. He's like, oh, I can decline. Alright, so Pug is president and Blake portal's his vp. Yeah. So the stat that, that I accidentally reposted, my finger slipped. It says that he got 20,066 votes for governor. Yeah. In the year 2014. I just Believed it. I I was like, I I think that's just, I was blinded by my love for our vice president, Blake Bortles. It Could happen. Yeah. Think about it. We have pug pug. We have decided, we started the show, you know, everyone's in the election mood, so we decided we need a president of Pardon My Take.


And you have been voted as our president. I'm, I'm honored. Pug. Perfect. Yeah, that's and no, and Blake Portals is your vp. Okay. I'm in Pug. Okay, pug. What, what kind of policies are you bringing to? Pardon My Take? Hmm. Free popcorn machine. Put that stuff Always needs to be loaded up. Okay. Okay. Right now, Max on the couch. Oh, now we're getting to some fucking fiery policies. Max and Hank share the couch. Oh, I like that.


Poke. That's fine with me. Oh, would you put yourself in Max's spot? Yeah. Yeah. And then Shane will Be okay. Shane will be in here. I don't hate that. I do. Oh. Oh, whoa. Memes. What do we got going on Now? Pug. Pug. Okay. All right. Pug, you are, you are now president Bob Blake portal's his vp. Thank, thank you for accepting this very important role. I appreciate it. It's for all the awls. All the pugs pug. Okay. Love that. All right. Should we talk some football? We got the business out of the way. Let's, let's talk football. We should talk Monday football real quick and then we'll get to the NF NFL Trade Deadline.


The chiefs are perfect on the season. They are going to play every game the exact same way where you think the Chiefs might lose and then they're gonna be perfect on third down and they're gonna to get a big defensive stop and Patrick Holmes is gonna make a big play. Oh and yeah. Travis Kelsey's still alive. Yeah, Still alive. Very much alive. Yeah. I think the, oh yeah, there we go. The mic out. Patrick Mahomes. Yeah, that's just what they do. And Deandre Hopkins, obviously that was his coming out party and I, I was impressed. Like Baker is the man. I can't stop rooting for Baker and the Bucks because he's just, he's a gamer. He's just gonna be in every game gonna will them to trying to win these games.


Todd Bowles is the biggest fucking coward in the world. He pulled a Billy Napier Got what? A loser. It's a loser move. So you're going up against the chiefs, you're, you're decimated by injuries. Bakker just went out there and like bled all over him himself for three hours. You somehow got yourself in position where you can win the game, score a touchdown, and then you have the opportunity to go for two on the road Monday football against an undefeated team. Or you can kick an extra point like a coward, go to overtime and think that you can win an overtime against literally Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. And you decide to kick the extra point. Now I saw somebody that posted like what the official stats were, and this is where Big Cat, you and I need to separate ourselves from the stats scheme from the nerds.


Some people are saying that we've become nerds because of the whole 14 points. Go for two thing. That's just Matt. That's just the one thing that we know about and understand. That Is simply the only analytics that I'll ever understand. So I'm going to talk about it constantly to make people think I'm smart. That and beer before liquor. Yeah, that's analytics too. And don't, don't swim if you've had tuna fish sandwich. Yeah, good point. Yeah. Don't swim 30 minutes after eating. Yeah. 30 minutes after eating and pulling out is good birth control. Yep. Okay. So here's what the official numbers are. If the winning percentage, if you go for the point after touchdown, 42.8%, the winning percentage, if you go for two after, if you go for two after that touchdown.


41.2. So 41.2 for going for two versus 42.8 for going for the win. So they're saying it's safer by 1% to kick the extra point. Got it. Here's why they're wrong. Here's why the nerds are wrong. It's fucking Patrick Mahomes on the other side. It's the vibe check. You're fucking Patrick Mahomes. This is where like, whenever we have these arguments about analytics, I think we're actually two of the, the more like honest and grounded people when it comes to analytics are important. You should use the math in your advantage. But vibes are very much important and like time and place matters.


Yeah. Too many people use the word analytics as just a word for a number that they don't like. Right. And I am all for you. You, you are without Mike Evans. Without Chris Godwin. You've taken the Chiefs to the limit. Here you have one play to win the game. Just go fucking run that play. And I don't like if you, if you don't get it, that's the other thing is like, I would just rule every, every decision that you're making as a coach is if it fails, will I be blamed? I wouldn't have blamed Todd Bulls there. I was thinking go for two the whole time. Just try to win the game. If you don't get the two, hey, at least you went out on the field Instead of the Would I be blamed? What I like to do is I like to imagine what a fan of the other team doesn't want me to win.


Correct. And then I do that thing. Correct. So if you were to ask any Chiefs fan, what don't you want the Bucks to do? They would say, I don't want them to go for two on this play because I would love to take my chances and over to, first of all, you get a coin flip to start out. So that's 50 50. And then you have Patrick Mahomes on the other side. So even if you go down, kick an extra point, get, or excuse me, kick a field goal, you still have to stop Patrick Mahomes from scoring a touchdown. Now in, in this case, you want to imagine what the other team does not want you to do. Yeah. And it's a no-brainer for that. Like you've, you have the opportunity to beat the Chiefs on Monday Night Football without giving their offense an opportunity to touch the ball. Now there, there was some time left too. And that's because Todd Bowles made a terrible decision.


He called Time Out. He called a timeout. You'd like some of that time to tick off because then yeah, you would end up going up by one then kicking the balls in Mahomes and then he gets four downs and he doesn't have, you don't factor in punting if you're the Chiefs on that offense, of course, but still you go for two in that situation. You try to win the game right there. Two yards. Win the game. Liam Cohen's a great offensive coordinator. Like the, the fact that he has the bucks still looking like a very competent offense with all their injuries. I, I don't know, like Kate Otten just gets schemed open on every play. Yeah. It's crazy. So the defense, the chief's defense is gas is, is gassed. You have a great offensive coordinator. You have a gamer in Baker Mayfield who can run it in or throw it in.


So you can, you can do an option on that play. Go for two. And Todd Bowles, it's, it's when a coach gets to a point where they're losing and they're losing in a stupid way that I just get so sick of their face. I'm so sick of Todd Bowl's face his, his little, like where he squints his eyes when he is looking at the field. He looks like you're like grandparent or parent who, who's reading a menu that refuses to get glasses. He, yeah. And you're like, do you need help? Like, can we read it for you? He just keeps look squinting at the field. Like if I squint hard enough, it will look different. Todd Bulls wants them to turn up the font on the down sign. Yeah. Is it a three or is that a four? It's just, I, there's something about his, like I, I just, I've turned on Todd Bull.


I mean I was never a big Todd Bulls guy, but this Buck team fights so hard. And Todd Bowles, you're a coward. Yeah, you're a Coward. It was a cowardly move. And the B very easily could have won that game. They, they played well. The Bucks were in there the whole time. They were playing hard on defense. And I love Bucky Bucky's the best. Yeah. How can you not root for a guy named Bucky? Yeah. Bucky Irving Sha White scored. I have a question about Patrick Mahomes. Is he the heir apparent to the Big Ben fake injury? Because Patrick Mahomes gets like horrifically injured at least three times a year and then he's totally fine. Okay. So be honest in the moment after it happened, when he's getting carried off the field, they show the replay a couple times.


What'd you think? I thought Achilles or Knee, it was non-contact. I was watching the game in bed actually and I was like, Ooh, non-contact. That's actually way worse. And my wife was like, why? And I just felt like the dumbest person ever. I was like, well if you get hit, like, you know, you break a bone but like non-contact, you don't know what happened. N total non-answer for me. But obviously we've always learned that non-contact is way worse. It's because if it's non-contact then it's probably a ligament or a tendon probably. But, and if it's a bone, you might, you might get lucky and it's just a high ankle sprain. I did not have a good answer for that in the moment. I was, I just completely crumbled under pressure. But yeah. I thought it was Achilles or knee or like they said, maybe even his hip.


I thought it was Patrick Mahomes. DIII was like Carson went is going to, I was to the point where I was like, Carson went probably win the Super Bowl. So I got mad. I got so mad when this showed Carson Wentz warm up In red. Yeah. I was like, this motherfucker's about to get on the field, forced me to watch him play, which brings up big time PTSD. Yeah. And I, and be successful. Yeah. And I, I was prepared for that. Carson looked very nervous and, and he's probably, he's probably thankful that he didn't have to go in. 'cause he's, he's like in the copilot seat to potentially win a Super Bowl this year, which is kind of his thing that he likes to do. But the relief that I thought I saw in Carson win's face. It's like if you're in an exit row on an airplane and it crashes and you're like, oh, I gotta get up and get everybody off this plane.


And then you wake up from that dream and you're like, oh, it's not real. That's what Carson wins felt when Mahomes was like, I'm just gonna run this out on the sidelines. So he was fine after getting carried off the field. Like he wasn't putting any weight on his foot whatsoever. He, in that shot where he was, they were celebrating and he was sitting down and he looked up and he was just like not good. I was convinced he was done for the year. Yeah. And he does, he does do this. I, I don't know, I think he's got, you know, they always show his stretching and how he does these weird stretches in the off season. And he does have that little bit of dad bod. I think he's just indestructible. Yeah, he's Gumby. Yeah. I I, did we ever find out what could have potentially been the injury?


Yeah, They said that he had, he was working on a ankle sprain. Got it. That he was, I don't know if he was listed or if they were giving him a treatment before the game for that, but he had an ankle sprain. You know how sometimes if your ankle's fucked up and then you just step Yeah. Like we're old, but like you'll just take a step and step on it all The time. He Did that like times a hundred where he stepped on it and re-aggravated it and then he was like, okay, nothing's actually wrong with it. I Can play. Yeah. Yeah. Andy Reed should have actually given Carson we a game ball and been like, Hey, in those, in those like 90 seconds you didn't piss and shit yourself, You're ready to go car. Good job, dude. He might have, I Don't know. It's just for the bear. You didn't run away from us. Good job Carson. I just closed my Eyes, leaned back and saw the picture. Carson Wentz with the like 107 ducks that he shot.


I just assumed it was gonna be like the NFL is scripted. Carson Wentz obviously was playing an MVP level the year that he gets hurt, Nick Foles wins the Super Bowl. Patrick Mahomes gets hurt. Carson Wentz wins the Super Bowl. That's what's gonna happen. If Wentz went, he would've cooked. Yeah. He would've won a Super Bowl. Yep. And we would've just been like Carson went, won a Super Bowl and then all the Taylor Swift fans in the world would've like fallen in love with Carson Wentz. And, And, and it would've been alright. Who would it have been? I'm trying to think. Not the sa maybe the Saints, I'm trying to think. Who would've then signed maybe the, the Giants would've signed Carson Wentz and he would've absolutely sucked. He would've won a Super Bowl. The Giants would've been like Carson Westar starting quarterback going forward.


And then he would've gone back into a pumpkin. I think May I think maybe the Raiders. The Raiders. Yeah. The Giants and the Raiders. One of those, maybe the Titans, like one of those teams would've signed him and he would've sucked Colts Really? Jets. The Jets signed Carson West. The Jets would've signed Carson Wentz. We were robbed of the, the Carson Wentz story arc. I I'm, I'm not ruling It out. No, I'm not either. But yeah, so that was, other chiefs are just, they're so fucking good. They're, and they do it in such an efficient, like they never look flashy anymore. I think that we will talk to Baldy about it because he, he pointed out that Deandre Hopkins changes that, but they just, you can't make a mistake against them. And it just doesn't matter if there's a third down and eight Patrick Mahomes is gonna get it.


Their defense is also incredible. Really Good. Really, really good. Really, really good. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's kind of weird because I feel like the Chiefs, they're, they're not the best team in the NFL, but they will be the best team in the NFL. They're The team, if that makes sense. They're, they're the team. No one would want to play in a playoff game because I would think they would win every single playoff. Yeah. Which they have. They have not lost a game since the Raiders Christmas Day game or, or the day after Christmas last year. They've not lost the game. They, they won their what last two games of regular season then won all their playoff games and now they're eight and Oh. So they're eight and Oh, who, who who, who's gonna be the first analyst to get on TV and say, is this the worst eight and no team that we've ever had in the NFL? It's not though. I know they've had way worse. I know.


Yeah. They, They're, they're winning games because they're good at football. Yeah. I think if they went undefeated, people would be like, this is the most uninspiring, undefeated. But they're Not winning games. 'cause they're doing gimmicks. They're not winning games in, in like blowouts against bad teams. They're just winning games because they do everything very, very good. They just win games. So they have the Broncos next, then they have at the bills. If the bills don't beat 'em, I don't know if they have a loss until the Texans in, at the Steelers at the end of the season. That's What, that's what Sean McDermott should do. Sean McDermott should hire Paul Rudd to sit next to him on the sidelines and be like, Paul, should I go for two here? Yeah. What, what do you want as a fan of the Chiefs? Yeah.


And then, and then make his decision thusly. Yeah. Just go off of that. Alright. Should we talk some NF NFL Trade Deadline? PFT are the commanders all in? I'm thinking soupy. Yeah, I'm thinking soupy. And we talked Marshawn Latimore obviously got traded to the commanders. Huge. Huge. I mean, that's a great trait. It's A good trade. We, we gave up a third round pick and I think we swapped a fourth for a fifth. So essentially what Adam Peters did was he, he turned Jahan, or excuse me. Yeah. John Dotson into Marshawn Latimore, which is a pretty good magic trick. Exactly. Well yeah, that's, he actually, we got a third And we got a fifth back as well. Well he actually did better than that because the, the third that we gave up is going to be a much worse draft pick.


But you gave up an extra pick. But the third that we gave up is gonna be a, a much worse draft pick than what we end up getting from that trade. Because you had Miami's third rounder, But you just said you swapped a fourth and a fifth. We swapped a third in a fifth. Okay. So we swapped a third and fifth. Correct. So you gave up more picks. So wait, me and you swapped a third and a fifth. Correct. And you added a fourth. And we added a fourth To the Latimore. So, but I didn't get a fifth back from you. Is that what you're saying? We got a fifth. Wait, wait, We got start, start price max. So, so, so PFT gave Max Johan Dotson and you can add it. Max gave PFT what Third round pick We got Johan Dotson and a fifth.


And that you gave up a third. And We gave up a third and I think and a seventh. Okay. Forget the seventh. Correct. What you then I, you, so you got, you, you traded Johan Dotson and got a third round pick Miami. You traded Johan Dotson and a fourth for Marshawn Latimore. I Got, I got That's What it that's what it's, I got Miami's pick for Max Miami's third round pick. I'm confused. So then what did you trade for Marsh Latimore. So then we just traded our third round pick. Got it. For Marshawn Latimore and then and a fourth. And we swapped And a fourth, A fourth, fourth and a fifth. We swapped the fourth and a fifth. But you, But we also got one of your fifths. Yeah. Yeah. So you, it's Johan Dotson and a fourth. 'cause it was the same trade.


Yeah. Plus a fourth. Okay. Right. So it's Johan Dotson and a fourth And a fourth. I still like it. So the the reason why, and You're not mad at mad. No, I just wanted to clarify. Clarify because he was saying things that were incorrect. Right. Okay. So what I love about the trade is I still have no idea like how to evaluate cornerbacks. I don't sit out there like grinding film or anything. But I do trust one person more than most. And that's Ben Menz. Yeah. And Ben Menz gave me a breakdown, a full breakdown of Marshawn Latimore and he said lock down number one, physical good length will tackle competitive. Got a couple more years in his prime, still pretty fast. Hated Dennis Allen. Oh, that's the big one for me. Yeah.


Dennis Allen got fired, which we, we happened after we recorded on Sunday Night. Yeah. We got the Risler now. Yeah, we Got the Risler Rizzy. That was, that was, that was due to happen. But yeah, the commanders looked like they're all in. Yeah. The Other, the other teams that were interested in were the Chiefs. I think the 49 ERs. So other competent organizations, those are all in Teams Are are going for 'em. So I'm happy our defense is like middle of the road ish. And with Latimore it would, it wouldn't be the craziest thing in the world if the Commanders won Super Bowl. I'm not thinking about, I'm not thinking soupy, but it wouldn't be, it wouldn't be crazy. I was Looking at the schedule and, and the and the standings. I think you guys could be the one seat. The one seat. Yeah. I mean the Lions have to play the NFC North.


The Lions are a much better team than we are, but They have to play the NFC North. That's why, that's why these next two games for the Commanders are, that's why I asked the question. I was not trying to trap you. But if they go two and oh in these next two games, their schedule is not that difficult. One Seed's right there, It's right there. The Steelers and the Cowboy, or sorry, the Steelers and the Eagles in the next two weeks are, are very big games that if you win two of, if you go two and Oh, that changes everything. I think now I think that's down to one and one. One And one would be great too, though. I'm saying like Yeah, That's, Yeah, it's right there is the game at in Pittsburgh. The game is at home. Okay. But I mean it's Pittsburgh. So they just get on a, a bus. Yeah. And George Soros pays for their ticket down to DC and then they go do their thing.


Yeah. Alright. So what other trades we had? We had the Lions get better. So Smith goes, gets traded from the Browns. He's now on his third NFC North team. I saw the Packers traded Preston Smith to the Steelers. Yeah. Steelers also got Mike Williams from the Jets Memes. What are they getting from Mike Will, like what kind of player is Mike Williams right now? What is this? What are you got? Memes. He, he didn't do much with the Jets, but Russell Wilson loves Deep Ball and Mike Williams is a deep ball threat. So he didn't, he didn't do much with the Jets. Okay. So you don't care about giving him up? No, not really.


But Alazar is on ir. So Mike Williams did fill a hole there, but young guys gotta step up. Young guys gotta step up X Man up. What other trades did we have that were consequential White? Yeah, TDA White got traded from the Rams to the dealers. Who got Tada White? No. Alright, here we got the whole list. TIUs White. I'm looking for his name. He's on the Ravens. Ravens. Okay. So the, I mean a couple teams and then obviously Deontay Johnson got traded last week, which was big. And then Shefter posted yesterday that that DK Metcalf will not be traded contrary to speculation.


Oh. But that is how I learned about DK Metcalf potentially being traded was Adam Shefter saying that he won't be traded. Got it. Yeah. Oh, also Khalil Herbert got traded from the Bears and then tweeted. Thank you. God. Yeah. I, I would like to make a statement now that I've had a little time to have the dust settle and watch DJ Moore seemingly quit on the bear season and met ever flues. Be a, a moron. I think I'm just, I think I need to just let go and just give up and I see what you have PFT and new owners and I think I just, I can't, I can't let myself get my hopes up until there's new owners, which will never happen.


So that just never, I'm, it is just never gonna change it. It makes, it makes a big Difference. They're never gonna hire someone, they're never gonna hire an alpha male. They never want a guy guy who's bigger than the organization since dca. So it's, yeah, I'm just down bad. And Kale Williams is gonna get ruined. Drake May's gonna be better. Jane Daniels already better. Who else? Bo Nicks is better. It, Michael Pennix is gonna be better. They're all gonna be better. And I'm just gonna be, I'm just back in the whole cycle. What Is, what it's guys have on Sunday? Patriots? Yeah. You have the opportunity to bury Hank's dreams though. But at this point, I saw a report that if there's a report, which the Bears have never done, they've never fired a coach in the middle of the season.


Over a hundred years history, there was a, a rumor that if they lost to the Patriots, then Madi Fus would get fired. So now what am I rooting for? Yeah, that's a trick question. I think you gotta be rooting for Hank If you could guarantee that he would get fired. I I I would never root against the Bears, but I would at least have something on the other end if they do lose that game. Yeah, but Caleb say Caleb goes out, throws three touchdowns, no picks, 290 yards and the defense just breaks down against Drake. May you'd be okay with that. It's all, it's all I listen to. It's all relevant. Matt Fucking, he's a loser. I listened to d Weaver flu's press conference live and it's, it's bad. He he is.


Yeah. He is not a good coach. No, nothing about the man inspires confidence. It, it was crazy because I was getting mad for the city of Chicago. I was like, this shouldn't be on the public airwaves here. This is obscenity. Listening to him talk and just say the most innocuous coach cliches that he could think of to answer any given question. He was like, yeah, you know, I think we got to, we gotta do a better job running the football And we gotta stop the run. You, you know, this time of year stopping the run is important. And it starts with me. Yeah. He said it starts with me again. Starts with me. What you gonna say Hank from the troll couch? Not the troll couch. I want, I don't, I don't want the the Patriots to win this weekend. I Don't think I, I I am gonna be rooting for the best 'cause I don't think they would fire Matt ifu win or lose.


I, that was a rumor. But I don't, I do, they're such cheap owners and they won't do it. I know he is a friend, a friend of the program, but I feel like when you're doing as bad as he is, getting funked up was looks so much worse. Matt ifu. Yeah. Yeah. Like he got the poofy haircut Before season. He's not the season of the program by the way. He came on once. Okay, let's not, let's not get crazy. No, I'm just gonna say he looks ridiculous. He looks Ridiculous. Take that outta your mouth and That that was Yeah, no, I'm talking about Funk, but Oh, funk is a friend of the program. Yeah. Funk is still a friend of the program. Yes. For the listeners whose funk, again, funk is the barber who cuts most of the hair for the Chicago Bears.


But He, And he is a friend who's been in this office. He Got the poopy hair before the season and, and it looks ridiculous now in hindsight bat they, They, I've said it a million times, stop Worried about your hair. They did. They did it with Mitch. Worry about the end of age. Yeah. That, that, I mean, you say that to a quarterback that cares more about like how they dress. You, that guy Matt Ilu, he should spend more time sitting in his playbook and less time in the Barbecue, but probably not because he is dangerous in his own playbook. The, they did it with Mitch Trubisky. Obviously Mitch Trubisky gets drafted. John Fox is the coach. They fired John Fox after one year. Then Matt Nay comes in, then they draft Justin Fields fire Matt Nay, after a year, Matt Ebra flu comes in, they drafted Caleb Williams kept Matt Elu, they're gonna fire Matt Ebra flues after a year.


I, I've done this speech a million times, but it's the same old, same old bullshit. And basically they're like, Hey, all we gotta do is get our head coach funked up and everyone will think that everything's changed and nothing has changed. Facelift. It's bad. So I, I'm in a dark, dark place, but I'm happy for you guys. You guys have some good organizations you get to root for and fun things coming up. And it's just, It's strange. It's honestly, it's, it's strange for me to be looking at transactions that we make and be like, I think that they have a plan. Well, yeah, that's the thing. Is he, The crazy thing is like Jaden Daniels is, he's so good at football, at playing quarterback that he actually made her secondary better.


But It, it's not Jaden Daniels is very, very good at playing football. If you had Dan Snyder and Jayden Daniels, it wouldn't work out. Oh, Jayden Daniels. That's, Yes. That's the point where I came to that realization in the last 24 hours where I was like, why am I thinking that it's going to be different? It's the same people running the same dumpster fire. Yes. Over and over. We're gonna do the same thing year in and year out. Didn't those people win a Super Bowl though, in 1985? It's been a while. If Dan Cider was the owner of the commands And they should have won more and they Didn't, then when Jaden Daniels got his rib broken, it would've punctured his heart and he would've died on the field. That's what would've That's the vibe that Yeah. That having bad ownership will give you.


It's, It's a six sweatshirt. PFD Thank you sweat. You find it in the Barstow store starting on Thursday. It's almost a comforting feeling though. 'cause I'm just not gonna, I've reached the point where I'm not gonna fight it. I'm not gonna fight it until the off season. I'll fight it again. I'll be like, oh yeah, new coach, this fucking guy we're gonna hire, we're not gonna hire Ben Johnson. We're not gonna hire Liam Cohen. We're gonna probably hire like the offensive coordinator or no, but maybe the defensive coordinator of like the Panthers or something and be like, well he's next up and I'll get myself really excited and I'll do the whole thing and I'll get pumped. And then they'll finish like nine and eight or 10 and seven maybe, maybe. And then I'll be like, oh, next year's the year. And then they'll Draft or manning, then they'll Draft another guy and then they'll fire the, the the guy we just said. So all hope optimism is gone until July.


That's it. Yeah. That no, you can still go. What wrong T quit. You can still go wrong. T quit DJ Moore. He's quit. He doesn't like Caleb. It's bad, bad news. He's a fields guy. Caleb. He's always Kil Herbert left and said thank, thank you God de Tweeted. Thank you God. Yeah. What, what do you do about DJ Moore going forward? I would train him. Yeah. How can him and Kleb play in in the future? Don't know Max. It makes no sense to me. I like, maybe something will change and I don't, I I like DJ more. Seems like a great guy. He is a very good receiver. Something has been off this year and you can't pretend that that's not the case. You can't just be like, I, I could look over it after the Texan stuff.


Weird shit, you know, like body language. But this one I'm just like, it's, it's, it's, I don't know. It's you can't, you can't look past it. There's too many isolated incidents to be Like, right. Correct. Where something is up each, each One you can look over individually, but all of them together means that there's gotta be Something, there's gotta be something up. And I'm not blind to it. Yeah. He misses old buddy. I think it's as simple as that. Like he was never gonna love Caleb. No. But it's like he just Saw Caleb as, As it's, and he got his money, which I'm happy he got his money. Again, I don't, it's not like a personal thing. I like DJ more. The person I like DJ more as a receiver. In theory. DJ more on this team. This year has been something. Maybe he just woke up on the wrong side of the bed. Do you think Khalil Herbert is the first person to thank God for moving to Cincinnati?


Yeah, Probably. I think maybe in history, right? Yeah. That's Probably it. And then we, we also glossed over the biggest move of the trade deadline. Jerry Jones. Yeah. Made a move. The Cowboys are Pam Oliver still all in. Oh, did not sign Pam Oliver. He got it. He got, was it Jonathan Mingo? Yeah. From the Panthers. Yeah. So fourth round receiver from the Panthers. Jerry said that they liked him a lot in the draft. So basically Jerry Jones has been stewing on not getting Mingo for the last what, two years? Yep. And so he finally righted that wrong. And now, now that, I guess Trey Lance has another target that's Huge. Masses. Trey Lance. It's gonna be Trey Lance. No, I think it's gonna be Cooper Rush. But also Jerry said on his radio hit that he goes on every week and gives up way too much information about his personnel decisions.


He said that it's gonna be Cooper Rush, but also Trey Lance brings a lot of stuff to the table that you can't get from Cooper. Oh. So I wouldn't be surprised if you saw Trey Lance make his way in on some place. Couple Trey Lance packages And some Trey Lance packages. Yeah. You need to just, you need to punish them Max. You need to beat them by a billion. Yeah. I I mean Cooper, this has to, this has to be a spanking. It has To be, you have to put him over your This game. Yeah. You gotta put 'em over your knee and you gotta spank 'em. Yeah, I know. Still for 60 minutes At Jerry World will still always scare me a little bit. Just spank 'em Max spank the fuck out of 'em. They're a team that's begging, begging for you to put them outta there. They're Like, daddy, please spank me Choke you.


No I'm not. They're saying choke me out. Yeah. I'm hoping that that we spank. I'm hoping that we spank. You gotta spank. I'm confident that we spank. We Got you gotta spank AJ Brown. Good news from the MRI. What's good news plays? No structural damage. Looks like just a bruise. That's good. Just a bruise. Just a bruise. I look forward to him. I'm, I'm only Contusion As some may say, I'm bummed out that we already played the Bucks because Marshawn Lattimore were against Mike Evans is always fun. That would've been fun because they Just rip each other's throats out every game. Yeah. Okay. Anything else from the NFL world that we missed? I don't think so. This Is a great quote from Jamar Chase today. They asked him about getting ready for, for Thursday night. Okay. 'cause it's gonna be Bengals and Ravens on Thursday. And this is from our, our good friend Ben Baby in Cincinnati.


Love Ben baby. We gotta get Ben baby on. He said They asked him if it was like cramming for a test in school, getting ready to play on a Thursday night. And Jamar responded I didn't study in school. Love that. Love that. Love that. Cardell Jones. LSU baby. Yeah. I didn't come here to play school. I Didn't come here to play school.


Speaking of Cardell Jones. All right, let me do an ad real quick and then we'll talk some College Football we're brought to you by ourselves and pardon my cheese. Steak football is back in full gear. Ordering Pardon my cheese steak for your game day meal. Our late night eats is the best play call you can make. Pardon? My cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep and will be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. Take your pick of our delicious cheese steaks made with fresh thinly sliced steak melted provolone melt watering cheese sauce, caramelized onions on a toasted hogie roll. You can order the popular Big Cat combo. Get your cheese steak of choice, fries and a drink. Find a pardon of my cheese steak near you or order yours now. Pardon My cheeses steak.com. Use code AW l for free delivery. Pardon my cheese steak.com.


I don't want credit, but I feel like we glossed over the fact that I did say Drake May Jay and Daniels Bo Nicks Michael Pennix are all gonna be better than Caleb Williams. That was big of me. Well, I can tell that you're, you're in your feelings right now. I'm Bad. I'm I'm I'm down As bad as bad could be. I don I don't think that's true. I still think that Caleb's gonna be a good quarterback, but, But, but probably it's probably not. Probably not. Because be better than and it's not against Caleb. I still believe in Caleb Williams, the quarterback. I do not believe in the Bears. The organization Breaking moose. Breaking moose Max. Oh, I mean this is a big, The NBA has of all time suspended Philadelphia 76 ERs, Joel em bead for three games.


Oh, for altercation. Shoving a columnist in a post-game locker room. He's not playing the next three Games. Wait, why isn't he playing? Because he's recovering from a meniscus injury. So the, wait, so the NBA's investigation into Joelle Embiid not playing in the first several games has been usurped by the NBA a suspending Joelle Embiid from playing for three games. Yeah. The, it's the domino meme. Make that memes. It's, it's, it's the, the first domino is Marcus Hayes writes a column about an investigation into Joel Bead not playing. And then the big domino is Joel Bead can't play for three games Per the NBA Struggling to follow that.


So they literally were like, Hey, here's an investigation that he's, they're not being correct about these injury reports that Marcus Hayes writes his article. Got it. And then the article ends up with Joel Embiid pushing him, which we, we stand by him. Joel Embiid. That is, and now Joe Embiid can't play three games, but he also wasn't gonna play 'em because he's hurt. It's like getting suspended from school for skipping school. Cool. I mean yeah, sure. I I feel like they were like, yeah, he will probably be back after the next three games. So let's just suspend him for the next three games so that Are you sure about that? You sure He is gonna be back after the next three games? He'll be back. Did Paul George play well? Nope. Oh no. Damn. It's okay. You got the clippers. Wait, are you one in five?


We should. Are you one in five? Never talked about the NBA this much. We've never, we left, we've never, we've never talked about the NBA this much this early this season. I did, I did see a very, I think it was from Kevin O'Connor. Oh No, you guys are one five. He Posted And we haven't talked about the Bucks for a second. We Talk about Tanka on a lot, but I've been on there a lot 'cause of the Patriots and sometimes I click the NBA section. Yeah. And the Sixers are three right now. They're Right now Trust the process. Cooper Flag Watch. You're trusting the process. And we got Cooper Flag. Oh, It'd be crazy. But Kevin O'Connor put up a, a very interesting post the other day about how bad the Clippers are and how things could go from bad to worse for them. And if the Clippers somehow lucked into the, like a top pick in the lottery, you know who gets that?


Pick the Oklahoma City Thunder. Ooh. So if the Clippers are bad enough, the Thunder could also get Cooper flag. Wow. The Pelicans have the Bucks pick and the bucks are in dead last right now. Whoa. The bucks are bad. That would be, that Would be devastating. Who could have seen the Dame Lier trade not working out? Oh wait, I did Bucks. Fans got very mad about that. That's weird. And now they have, there's rumors. Y like the Giannis to New York. It's back. It's crazy. It's crazy. But If they don't have their own pick, why would the Bucks trade Giannis? No, they would, they should never trade Giannis under any circumstance. Giannis gives you a chance, you just gotta figure out another way.


And the Cavs shout out to Cavs, since we're doing NBA talk. There ain't no, and they like keep winning in crazy ways. Okay. College Football, College Football. We have our first rankings out. We're gonna, we're recording this the afternoon. The rankings don't really matter this early with the new College Football playoffs set up because you're gonna get the automatic teams in. So you know, the, the four, the four highest ranked conference winners and then there's so much shit that's gotta shake out. Like this week we actually have true elimination games in LSU versus Alabama. A mini elimination game in Georgia versus Ole Miss. 'cause if full miss loses they'll be out.


But the big story, so, so you wanna do rankings first? I what what your guess is, I'm gonna guess that Indiana fans will be pissed off. Indiana Fans have every right to be pissed off. 'cause Indiana should be ranked ahead of Ohio State and ahead of Texas. Indiana's undefeated. And you could say, well they haven't beaten anyone. True. But if you go common opponents for Ohio State and Indiana, Indiana beat Nebraska by a million. Beat Michigan State by a million. Ohio State did kill Michigan State, but Ohio State struggled Nebraska. So, so at this point, if we're just doing blind resumes and if you were to just flip flop, if you just imagine Indiana football with the Ohio State Buckeye logo next to it.


Yeah. And if you look at who they've played, if Ohio State had played that exact same schedule and they had the exact same results, Ohio State would probably be ranked what number two in the nation. Yeah. Well so maybe not just because Ohio State, I, I'm not, I think you should just like, as a personal like belief, the undefeated team should be ranked ahead of the team with a loss no matter what the schedule is like at this point in the season, knowing it doesn't matter. 'cause they're gonna play each other. Yeah. Ohio State's argument, which I understand they have the best win out of Ohio State, Indiana and Texas. 'cause those three are gonna be lumped up somewhere. They have the best win out of those three. The best loss they have the best loss as well.


So they lost by a point to Oregon. At Oregon and then they beat Penn State at Penn State. So Ohio State does have the case to be, I just wanna see Indiana higher than Ohio State. And Texas. Yeah. 'cause they've been demolishing teams. Yeah. What what you're saying is at this point, the a a great loss is better than a good win. Well and they, and they also, the committee, they go like data points and Ohio State's win at Penn State is better than anything Indiana's done. Yeah. So they'll, that's why they'll do it. I just, especially the first poll that is utterly meaningless because we're gonna have gonna have so many games that figure this shit out. Just reward the teams that are, that are undefeated. There's a lot happening today in sports, isn't there?


Yeah. Like I feel like a day like today, election day, the college, well Election day's over Pug Pug. Yeah. But election day College Football playoff and NFL Trade, Deion and action. You just have to believe that Major League Baseball is gonna announce some award at like, oh yeah. Sung 9:30 PM tonight. Sung's coming tonight. Right. They're gonna, they're gonna try to put that out and get absolutely buried. Yeah. I I do think that Indiana should be ranked higher. That said, I think that when they match up, I would not be shocked if Ohio State beat them by a couple scores. Yes. I think it's gonna go. So I think they're, I think they have to just guess with, I, I don't know how they're, are they just doing the rankings and not the bracket? Because the bracket obviously has to get figured out by the conference winners.


Either way. It's be Oregon, Georgia, Miami and BYU as of right now are gonna be the, the, the conference winners that you could guess Big 12 is chaotic. Big 12 has many things. BYU should get undefeated to the Big 12 championship game. But that thing is chaotic and then it's gonna be Ohio State. Texas, Indiana, probably Tennessee, Notre Dame. S-M-U-S-M-U Should, I mean, SMU has a pretty, they they have one loss to BYU who's undefeated and they beat Louisville on the road who's was a ranked team and they beat Pittsburgh. Killed Pittsburgh this past weekend.


Yeah. The A C's gonna be interesting because I don't know my, it looked like it was gonna be Clemson, Miami the whole way. And Clemson just dropped a fucking egg against Louisville. They got sunned. They had no one in the stands at the end of that game. It was crazy. And they also were running Donovan McNabb offense. Yeah. 'cause they were, they were down like three scores and they were go the, the play clock was going to like four seconds. Cade Club. Nick was puking. Yeah. It was bad. Disgusting. It was bad. So I, yeah, I think SMU they could be like number anywhere between eight and 11. Yeah. And I wouldn't be shocked. And then Boise State will probably be the G five team. But yeah, there's also, I mean T Lane's out there, army still has a chance.


There's a, there's like 20 ish teams that are two losses or less and have a chance at this thing and it's pretty fucking awesome. So, You know, I love doomsday scenarios, right? Yeah. The doomsday scenario in last week now, no longer possible. Brand new doomsday scenario. Okay. Just dropped. If Texas loses to Florida, Georgia loses to Ole Miss Florida. They're on the third quarterback. They have been playing a lot better. Yeah. They've been playing better. Like it's, it would be nuts but it wouldn't be crazy. I think they're ba I think their quarterback they put in on Saturday against Georgia was a transfer from Yale. I wanna say imagine that. They look good. Imagine being, That was a great loss actually. Yeah, that would. But imagine being the Yale quarterback and then having to get into the Florida, Georgia game in Jacksonville.


That's, that's an insane, insane wave. Like a difference in competition. Yeah. And just difference in vibes in a city. Everything New Haven to Jacksonville. Yeah. Alright, so keep going. So, all right. So Texas loses to Florida, Georgia loses to Ole Miss. LSU loses to Alabama, Tennessee loses to Georgia and A and m then loses to Texas later on. Then the regular season would end with Alabama, Georgia, LSU, Missouri, Ole Miss Tennessee, Texas, and Texas a and m in an eight way tie for first place in the SEC. Damn. And I think through all those tie breaks needed, Missouri's gonna lose again. They might, but if, if all those things happen, then I believe it would be LSU and Alabama again.


In the, in the SEC championship, that would Rock eight way tie. Yeah. I'm rooting For it. And then you'd probably have, there might be two or three SEC teams that are ranked higher than the SEC champion. Yeah. That ends up getting a buy. Just love all these theme day scenarios. Yeah. The, it, it, there's just, it's awesome that the so many teams are still alive right now. And like I said, the rankings don't matter this early, but we did have, so this past weekend we had the big 12 just do what the Big 12 does and absolute chaos. Iowa State losing, which they could still get in, but one loss Iowa State, they don't have a great strength of schedule.


Kansas State catching their second loss. Now it's BYU Undefeated. And Dion, Colorado Owns their destiny. They do have a tough, tough game at Texas Tech this weekend, but if they win that game, they like Dion in the playoff would be incredible. And Big Cat. Do you think that there's any chance that the College Football playoff cares about ratings? Yeah, I think they might. Do you think that if team made the playoff and one of their players played both sides of the ball, 120 snaps, That might be an interesting storyline For a Heisman. I I'm worried about Cam Ward. Cam Ward is really, really Good. Yeah. Miami's offense is probably unstoppable And their defense is, Miami's just gonna be in fun games.


Miami SMU would be an incredible a CC conference championship. I would predict that game would be, I would take the over at a hundred. I Would predict that if Colorado and SMU are anywhere close in terms of resume, ESPN is gonna be like, we need Colorado in the playoffs. We Need that. They have to win out though. Yeah, because they, that's the weird thing. What happened with the Big 12 this weekend is they probably fucked themselves in being a two bid league. Because if BYU goes and wins the whole thing, it's just gonna probably be BYU. Yeah. BYU would have to run the table then lose to Colorado or an Iowa State in the conference for them to have a chance at two, two teams. And kind of similar to what happened to the A CC.


If Miami runs it and beats everyone, they might only get one. So it might just become the Big 10 and the SECI Have a question for you. Big Cat. Yes. Can James Franklin win the big One? No. Well, wait, that was my, that was the last thing I, I had is things that we need to talk about. But wait, let me finish. So Ryan Day, can he win the big one If it's against Penn State? Yes. So is that a big one? Did did Ryan Day just win the big one? No, because I was thinking about the transit property, the big one. No, and I think that Ohio State is Penn State's big one. Yes. But Penn State is not Ohio State's big one. No, no, no. Penn State is Ohio. Penn, yeah. Yeah. Ohio State playing Penn State. That's not a big one for Ryan Day. It's it one for James Franklin.


It's a huge one for, it's everything for James Franklin. 10 outta the last 11. Same story. Every single year they get in that game. They have recruiting classes on par. They have the talent on the field, except they never have like game breaking insane, like wide receivers or guys who can, who can win one-on-one like Ohio State does. 'cause Ohio State always has wide receivers. I think Penn State even has a Ohio State transfer at wide receiver Julian Fleming. Yeah. He's not even, he's not even, he's Not very good. But he was like the story going into this game. Yeah, they're gonna use this guy a lot. 'cause it's a revenge game. It Was that And, and, and Will Howard not being recruited by Penn State? It's like, well, he, he's not, he went to Kansas State first, so it wasn't, but because he is from Pennsylvania, Drewer, drew Owler is also from Ohio.


Ohio guy. Yeah. And then James Franklin, after the game, got in an altercation with a fan. Max, do you think that you should get rid of James Franklin? No. At Penn State? No. Do you think he's hit his ceiling because Yes. That was, if you were gonna beat Ohio State at home, pick six to go up 10. Nothing. Like that's you. That was, that was on a platter. Th they'll never, I don't wanna say n it couldn't Have started better for them. Well, they, and then they play next year and then they don't with the new Big 10, they don't play each play Ohio State again for another like four years or Something.


Great. So James Franklin's fine. That that game was over on the interception in the end zone. That somehow the Ohio State defensive back caught. I still don't know Half. I mean, He's gotta catch that ball. Trey Wallace has gotta catch That ball Also, I forgot Will Howard, he fumbled out of bounds into the end zone. So you got that too. And also the end of the game. You have You Yeah. I mean that, that was the worst end of the Yeah. And that was the part that I think would drive me nuts if I was a Penn Safe fan. Because all you heard all off season was you got Andy Co delnicki and your offense is gonna be explosive. And they get to a point where all they have to do is get three yards and they ran the same play up the middle for nothing. That shit sucked.


And then they, and they like, why would you not, why not do I I don't like Wildcat Tyler Warren. Get him the ball. Yeah. You can't tackle the guy, get him the ball. He's a beast. Just fucking snap it to him at least once. And then you, and then you run it three times. You get it to the one and then you decide to pass If you're gonna pass, pass on one of their earlier Days. I know. I hate, I hate the run, run, run pass on. Yeah. You're gonna run Stick to the run. Yeah. Because it, it also is very like expected. Like just pass on second down. Yes. Yes. And they were doing that weird shit where they had their, their linemen split out wide, put 'em in motion to do absolutely nothing. That, that was so frustrating. Well, that's what they did in the, in the goal line play.


Yeah. They did it three times in a row. They had the lineman come in motion three times in a row for no reason To not do anything. Yeah. To lay the softest block that you've ever seen. And then, you know what they did? They had 'em coming in, in motion. And when you see the Niners do something like this, you know Trent Williams is about to get out in front and be like a lead blocker. On a smash play. They had him come in and contribute to a double team. That's why they put him in motion. It made zero sense. Also, I love Ohio State Safety. Caleb Downs. Yeah. Caleb Downs from Alabama. Caleb Downs is a fucking monster. And Then, and then Ohio State has a bunch of backup offensive linemen. They have the ball on their own, four on their own, one with four minutes to go. And then they just run, run for seven yards of carry every single time to ice the game.


Yeah. So what we can take away is that Ohio State, they are good enough to be the big one, but they're not big enough to win the big one. Yeah. Okay. Well, and they will win a fake big one this year. 'cause they'll beat Michigan. Yep. That's a fake big one. Yeah. Yeah. That's A fake big one this year. So James Franklin gotta keep 'em. I There's there's, there's no other option. There's no other option's. What everyone keeps saying is that it's frustrating. He is. He is a good football coach. He puts them in a good position in the College Football landscape that most teams would like to be in.


But he will never be, he will never get to that eight here. Can I, can I, I'll never get to the, can I throw out a name with Pennsylvania Roots that I, I said a lot of nice things about this school earlier, so they can't get mad at me if I throw this name out there. Oh, I know what you're gonna say. Kurt z Netti to Penn State. I think he's from Pittsburgh. I don't know where he is from. Yeah. Yeah. His, his dad I think was the coach at, at Pittsburgh. Yeah. I, Yeah. I mean, I think Kurt z Nettis probably gonna get like any job in the country. I think, I think this might be his last job though. I Disagree. He's, he's old. I think he'll stay for maybe for a couple years, but that someone offers him, He's gonna get like a billion dollars.


I, I'll Tell you what, I think I said it last year at the time, Alabama should have hired him. He was an Alabama coach. He was, He was there for a while. I think Ka d bore's a good coach. He's just, yeah. But so Ja, I, I agree with you. I don't think you can get rid of James Franklin. They essentially, this, this entire playoff expansion was like going to a roller coaster and be like, you have to be this high, you have to be this tall to ride the rollercoaster. And then Penn State kept on showing up and they weren't tall enough. And instead of growing, they just made it a little bit shorter. So now they're gonna get into the playoff. That's essentially what happened to them this year. They have to win a playoff game because They have to win a playoff game. They might have a home playoff game.


The way the schedule works out it look, they very well could have a home playoff game, which Would be white awesome. White Out, No noon, the white out the white outs this weekend. But you're not gonna white out a playoff game. You Wouldn't white, you wouldn't double white out. I don't think you can. What do you mean you're, I don't know. You can do whatever you want. I, this is, you Gotta, you gotta white out a Playoff game. You gotta double white Out. I don't know if you can double white out. You Can double white out. They do double renegade. They do do double renegade. So you double white out. It's so facto. If you can do double renegade, you should be able to do double white Out. I mean, what is the most James Franklin possible outcome to this, to this season? So he, they make the playoff, they host a playoff game and then they beat like a wildly inferior opponent. So they would, They're not gonna get the five seed.


They won't get the five seed, but they will most likely get, if they win out, they should get a home playoff. Yeah. Top eight seeds. Yeah. Or the five Through eight. They'll be like eight or nine. Yeah. But I just Trying, they'll be right around trying to, they'll play like Tennessee and get smoked. Yeah. Yeah. But if you could, if you could pick like your choice of the worst of the at large teams, then you beat them and then you get smoked in the second round by good school. That would be like the quintessential James Franklin. Yeah. Good season. But, And the Bears hire Cliff Kingsbury and then the USC hires James Franklin. Or not Cliff Kingsbury. Lincoln Stinking Riley. Thank you. Thank You. Best case scenario would be playing like BYU.


Yeah. BYU though. They're men. I think Penn State would be BBU. They're Men, Man. Football BY U's gonna get a buy 27. Oh right. Fuck. IBYU wins out wins every game. They're, they're a buy. Well, they don't even need to win out. Right. They just need to win the, the big Championship. Yeah. Yes. Well, I don't know what just happened to my throat. There could be like Tulane or who else Army. If Army wins out, they could be a top four. Yeah. They play Notre Dame either way. Penn State, James Franklin. It's just the same story every single year.


And It's not a bad story either. Well, it is. It's Because I think it's a pretty good story compared to what it could be. Yeah. I freely acknowledge this is loser talk. Like I, I'm looking at this from a, a perspective of if you're not rooting for, you know, a perennial like top five team in College Football, but Penn State is like the best of that next group. They've won national titles. They have recruiting classes that are on par. They're not like a Wisconsin. They should be. So I think in that perspective, it is a sad story. When was their last national championship? The eighties? Yeah. It's been a while. Of Course, but I'm saying like, they have the, and it's also a recruit. Like I know it's hard to get people to go to Happy Valley, but like Pennsylvania and the Ohio region, like that is a, that's a good football region.


So Yeah. They, James Franklin like win the fucking big one. Dude. I I mean, it shouldn't be the same as getting people to go to Columbus as it is getting people to go to Happy Valley. Just Ohio State pays more money and is better at it. Well, Columbus is a city too, But happy I, I guess, but it's like, yeah, No, it's, I never buy that anyway. Yeah. Yeah. I don't really buy that. Like Penn State is an awesome college down. Yeah. And like a great place for college kids. Correct. To have a Great time. And they get a, And they get a shit load of pros. Right. And it's just, he just can't win the big one. Can't win the fucking, they didn't score a touchdown on offense. They had a fucking, the total Nicki, I was like saying his name. Okay. Also.


Yeah. South Carolina. Yeah. Awesome defense. Yes. Fun school. That, that is a team where, like Shane Beamer's got him. I, he was on the Hot Seat I think last year a little bit. But like they, they have, if a couple bounces go a different way, they could have been a playoff team this year because they sh they almost beat LSU got kind of screwed. They were, they took Alabama to the Wire. That's a good football team. Yep. And that's a fun, fun place on a Saturday night too. That, that, that crowd, like when I turned on that game, I bet South Carolina, I know that Texas a m ended up coming back a little bit in the first half. But the way that game started, I've never, I was just like, all right, nice. I wanna know how how different schools became the, the claim holders to very popular songs.


So like, you know how Michigan is now? Like we we're the Mr. Brightside school. Yeah. Yeah. We invented Mr. Brightside, South Carolina. Having all the rights to Sandstorm is fucking awesome. I think That, did that just happen because of Beamer? I think that happened. I thought of Virginia Tech was Storm. No, you're inner Sandman. Oh, Inner Sandman. That's what I was thinking Too. Yeah. Sandstorm. The, the, the like techno song. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It rocks. But yeah, when it's at night and they, they turn on Sandstorm. They did it first. Actually, I remember the clip when they like first did it. So I think they were just the, you Know, the first to recognize Sandstorm. Yeah. What does Penn State have? The, oh, Zombie Nation, right? Oh yeah, That's right. Zombie Nation. Yeah. Penn State has Drake. Why? I don't know If it was a Drake Song.


Oh. I think that they'd have Gary Glitter. Okay. Hey, hey. Rock Jams. Yeah. Jock Jams. Jock Jams. Sweet Caroline. Now this Sweet Caroline would be a good one for Penn State Jock Jams. Good point. Now this is music. Yeah. You know, they're still putting out Jock Jams. Oh, they're still putting out now? I think so. Damn. That's Sick. No, that's what I call music. Yeah. Yeah. There's like 50 of 'em. Dude, jock Jam changed the game. Yeah. And by the game, I mean like little now that's What I call Music little school in between innings or little league in between innings 89, they're on now. That's what I call music. And it's now just streaming. That's kind of sad. Needed in cd. That's how it goes.


Yeah. Get the Jewel case going. Yeah. So wait, what did, what did James Franklin do to a student? He just got in a verbal disagreement with a fan. I don't know if it was a student or an older fan, but it was a bad look. Like, Did he smash his phone? No, he didn't smash his phone. Like, you lost that game. You knew you were gonna lose that game. You always lose that game. Don't act surprised. Just fucking get into the tunnel. But yeah, he, he like stopped and like, had a conversation with the Guy. No, he, well, some guy was chirping at him and then he asked what's, what's your name? And then the kid ran away. Smart move. Which I don't blame the kid for running away. No. Moved by the kid, But also such a narc move to say, what's your name? What's Your name? Yeah. Because he's just going, James Franklin's just gonna get that kid kicked outta school.


Yeah. James Franklin cannot be shocked that fans will chirp him and say, fire James Franklin after he loses for the 10th time in 11 years to Ohio State. That can't be a shocking thing. He can't be like, what the fuck? Didn't you see me beat USC? Like, what does He say? No, but I can understand that he is like pissed off. But you can't, if you're getting paid the amount of money that James Frank is getting paid, just fucking go go to the tunnel, dude. Yeah. Be like Nick Siri. Attack your fans after a win. Yeah. To be like, see, See. No, I'm the OII am the opposite. I think that it's what Sirianni did was worse than what Franklin did. Getting mad at fans after a win. Yeah. Yes. I think that shows like, nice, like, good. Fuck you energy.


No. Well It shows that Siri's got fucking Rock. Not when, not when It's a win against the Browns where like he barely squeaked away with that win. Okay. Siri's just got something off with him. I think he's a good coach since he shaved his head. I I just think he's just, he's got something off. I think it's all that, all that hair was fucking him up. I think Siri's like, when he, he's like, if you had a window into the Eagle's facility, I think some days he's screaming, some days he's like crying and asking for hugs. Like just emotionally everywhere. We just keep going back to my team. Yeah. Sorry. Okay. That's true. Alright. I got something different. That's not about Max's team. Okay. I I I'll say it for Hot Seat Kone.


Alright, Let's do Hot Seat Kone. It's presented by Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram and tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt, five winners will be selected every Saturday until 12 seven December 7th. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold refreshment of Coors Light. Coors Light Mountain Cold refreshment literally made it chill. Coors Light is cold lager cold filtered cold package. It's as crisp and refreshing as the Rockies Perfect for a moment to unwind. Even the biggest rivals. Agree. When it's time to cool things down, enjoy the game. You choose Chill and then reach for Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibility. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Henry, my Hot Seat Are the walls. Oh, why Christian MCC three Timothy election Is back in practice. Ah, Looking good. So I guess Ryan Whitney also in the Hot Seat. Yeah. So you really threw Ryan under the bus pretty big on that. 'cause it was Hank's source for a while and then it became, became the walls and it was actually Ryan Whitney is the source. Nope. And he's telling the walls. Nope, I never reported it. Yeah. So what, what do you think the walls got wrong in the story? I don't know. I don't know what Ryan Whitney's source said. I think it was probably, you know, pretty iffy evidence and kind of just hearsay. Which is why, you know, a journalist or someone with you know, higher integrity would not report such a thing.


But I think it was probably just a rumor that obviously was not true. Hmm. So, So what are the walls saying about him being back? Have they given an update? Like what happened? The walls have gone MIA. Oh, okay. So they're running away from the story. Yeah. Got it. Okay. Gotcha. It's a good thing you never put your name on this story. No, no. Thank God. That would've been really bad. I know. Really Bad. I know. We would've had to have our president pug put you in jail. Pug would love to put me in jail. Yeah. I like the pugs. Just been there for the rest of the show. I love it. I kind of like you there. Pug. He's president. He's president. But get pug on the couch. Just keep and Watch, keep and Watch. You know, any complaints that we have about the show, I'm kicking him directly to Pug.


Yeah. Okay. You're cool. Turn My cool tone Is John Morant? Yeah, That was pretty cool. Twice. Very Cool. And it's just kind of, you know, people forget that he's, he had a long ass suspension and he is back. So Hank hand hand off for the listener that you wanna explain what John Morant did? Yeah. Explain what he did. He got hurt though too. Right? But he hasn't played in. Yeah. Yeah. But it was the last year. Yeah. It hurt more Than, how long was the suspension? I can't remember. Was it He last night? 25 games. He but he also got hurt last year. Yeah, he got hurt year. Got, yeah. Yeah, He, last night had a a 360 layup, which does not give it justice to how sick it was. It was probably the, the most athletic, impressive play I've ever seen.


I, He switched hands. He, he went up with his Right. Did a 360, then switched to his left and, And it was like a 360 around defender. Stayed in the air, switched to his left hand layup. Yeah. He did a 360. No scope. I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna be, I would've liked to see him dunk it. I disagree. In fact, watching this layup this now The dunk would've been Sick. I think they should do a layup contest instead of slam dunk contest. Dude, if he dunked this though, I mean, 'cause he, I mean it would be, he'd basically have to defy all gravity to dunk that it was sick. John Morant's. Awesome. You Know, I liked watching the layup though. It's 'cause I thought to myself like, with enough practice I could possibly do that.


Yeah. Also not true. Not true. But it still made me think. Yeah. Okay. Yes. I'm drum around. Cool. Throwing pack. Alright. Good Job. Good job. Hank. My Hot Seat is bubble teams because college basketball started last night. Yep. And Cooper Flagg. I've seen enough. I think he's a legit player. Okay. I can, I can report that Cooper Flagg good at basketball and Joe Lenardi also put out his first Yeah. Field of 68. I saw this and he included bubble teams and the first four out. So Joe ARDI's, before any basketball is played, his first four out are Villanova. Shit. Max. We Look good last night. Kind of in the second half.


First Four out Wisconsin. Ah, isn't his first. Four. Four. We looked good last night. I feel like kind of in the second half. I Feel like Leonard put out this entire thing just to include Villanova in Wisconsin there and piss you guys off also. Yeah, he definitely did this on purpose. He also has providence ah, as his first four out. And he knows that the providence Twitter is going to just absolutely roast him. And he is a sick, sick savage that likes getting choked out. So he was like, yeah, yeah. Providence, I'm gonna kick the hornet's nest on you. Yeah. Also, Providence had a duck in their student section last week. It was awesome. Hashtag the duck. Yeah. Providence. Twitter is undefeated. So we still Need to do the interview. We, we will do. I've I've told Josh our booker to when Providence comes and plays DePaul, the Kim Kim English.


We need to get him in studio. Yeah. So we'll do That. My cool throne is North Korea. Oh, North Korea. Back on the Cool Throne. I don't know if this is true, but this is a very funny story, very funny report from Gideon Rockman. He said a usually reliable source tells me that the North Korean soldiers who have been deployed to Russia have never had unfettered access to the internet before. As a result, they're gorging on pornography. Who? So North Korea sent a bunch of soldiers to go fight on Russia's side in the Russia versus Ukraine war. Yeah. And I don't know if the North Koreans are ever gonna get there because they're all jacking off. That's 'cause they get to see porn for the first time. Good for them. That's all. Porn is the great equalizer.


Yeah. We used to talk about how no two countries with McDonald's have ever fought a war against each other. Yeah. It's actually just two countries Allow Porn with bang bus memberships. Yeah. Have never had a war against each other. Good for them. Good for them. Yeah. That's the way to, that's the way to solve world peace. Yeah. Just get a, get an access to you is okay. My Hot Seat is us. And it's just because I had a one of those self-reflecting moments. The mirror, like looking in the mirror being like, oh shit, I look stupid. This whole election coverage today, especially with the the election, everyone tweeting confidently as if they know something when they don't know anything.


It made me realize like, this is exactly what I do with all my gambling picks and holy shit, am I an idiot? Yeah. Like people just tweeting being like, I like this is great for this candidate and I know it's gonna be a win. No, you fucking don't. Yeah. It's politics are sports for people who aren't good at sports And who, who are just, I like, how do they not even watch sports? Yeah, I don't get it. They Only get a, they only get a sports game once every four years. Imagine if we only got one football game once every four years. Well, They get preseason every two years. True, true. But either way I feel stupid. I would imagine a one game season, how much that would rock. How much would that one game mean that would rock. And then you overreact mean everything, how good your team is. 'cause you won your one game.


It would mean everything. And then my cool drone is the Yankees and Garrett Cole, because that was very funny. Garrett Cole opted out, reportedly opted out of his contract because he had a clause where he could opt out and the Yankees would have to add a year. And like 36 million. The Yankees basically called his bluff. And we were like, okay, fine. And go ahead. And then Geico's like, just kidding, I'm not gonna opt out. So he opted out of his opt-out. Yeah. That's good. Yeah, I like that. Just very funny that he, I mean, maybe Brian Catherine's growing a set because he was just like, yeah, go Ahead. You think Brian Cashman should Have covered first Dude, Brian Cashman was climbing a building somewhere and got a text being like, without a doubt, Hey, he's opted out.


And by the time he repelled he was like, Hey, without a doubt he opted back in. Yeah. But it was, yeah, gear Cole. He just immediately was like, ah, can I get that opt out back? I don't wanna do that. So he's still a Yankee. And we have the Juan Soto sweepstakes starting to heat up Max and everyone, I think he's gonna get 700 million. Yeah, no, I'd like to walk that take back. Yeah, there We go. I think he's gonna get a stupid amount of Money. I think it's gonna be insane. But the fact that the way he's going about it just means that like Yeah, it doesn't, he doesn't give a fuck who's giving him this money. Yeah, not at all. He might pay for, like if Saudi Arabia started a baseball league, he might end up there. It would be very funny if someone, I don't know what team it would be.


Maybe like the Diamond or like what if the Pirates are like, hey, we're not gonna actually keep him for this entire time, but let's just sign him Just for one year. Yeah, We'll trade them. I took a wager on the DraftKings sports book of any other team. I feel like if there was ever an any other team, it would be this one. 'cause it could be Anyone. And who was the, who was the N? The Phillies were in the, any other team. But there's also Oh, okay. Plenty. There was who? Who was in the other side? I have a Yankees, Dodgers Mets. Here. Lemme pull up a, I have a screenshot of it because I, Any other team, the Dodgers, that would be very funny. Okay. It's the Yankees, the Mets, the Dodgers. The Cubs. Who?


The Blue Jays, the nationals, the Giants, the Red Sox, the Mariners, the Padres, the Tigers. And then any other team. I don't know about that. Max. Yeah. Well the Phillies weren't any other teams, so that's why I Asked. Yeah, there's, I mean there's a lot of other teams in any other team. There's so many other teams and There's a lot of rich guys that own those other teams. Yeah. That could just decide. Let's make a splash. Tigers Would be a fun one. Yeah, They would, tigers would be a fun one. They Would be, actually, you know what I'm calling it? I think that Juan Soto will be signing with the Mid East Falcons based out of United Arab Emirates in Abu Dhabi. It's a league that's opening up next year. He's in, that's where all the money is. He's in.


Okay, let's, let's do our interview with Brian Balding. Great time with Baldy. And then we wrap up with listener submitted Roast, which were great. We'll get to Baldy in a second. He is brought to you by the farmer's dog.


We all love dogs. They complete us. It's so true. And my dog is a farmer's dog. Dog. Blake loves the farmer's dog. Stella loves the farmer's dog. It's the best way to keep your dog happy and healthy for as long as possible. Keep all those years around. You want as many years with your best friend as you can get. We all want peace of mind that we're doing the best that we can to keep them heal healthy and happy. That's where the Farmer's dog comes in. The Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food right to your door. It's developed by vets. It's nutritionally balanced. It's made from real meat and veggies to the safety standards of human food to Farmer's. Dog isn't just fresh, higher quality food, they also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog based on their unique nutritional needs. I fed Blake the farmer's dog this morning. He loves it so much. He went downstairs, he just walked right up to the fridge, sat down in front of the fridge because he knows that's where I go to get his food. He thinks I go hunting in the fridge and he's very proud of me when I bring out the farmer's dog for him because it's delicious and there's no food boredom either. He still loves the farmer's dog as much as he did on day one. The Farmer's dog makes it easy to help your dog maintain their ideal weight because it's fresh, high quality food and it's pre-portioned specifically for your dog. And if you can keep your dog at its ideal weight, it's one of the be biggest indicators of a full healthy life. Dogs at a Healthy Weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at the Farmer's dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/pmt and you get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/pmt.


Baldy is also brought to you by Amazon and Thursday night football.


Thursday night football is on. It's only on Prime video This Thursday, one of the NFL's toughest rivalries is on as the Cincinnati Bengals face. The Baltimore Ravens great matchup on Thursday night. Great matchup kicking off a big weekend of football. We got the Bengals and the Ravens. Joe Lamar join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street, Kaylee Hartung for this exciting matchup Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party, TNF Tonight live from Baltimore with our girl Carissa Fitzy. You got the whole gang. It's gonna be a great show and a great game. And if you're not a Prime member, it's not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Bengals and Ravens at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night Football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/ Amazon Prime for details.


And now here is Brian Balding. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, recurring guest, one of our favorite football guys in the world. It is Baldy, Brian Ballinger. You can find him on NFL Network, Fox Sports, compass Media Networks. He's doing calling games every single week. Baldy week nine, halfway point. I'm happy to have you here because we love talking ball with you. I want to ask, the first question is the question that I think is probably the most important question in the NFL right now. How the fuck do you stop the Detroit Lions on offense?


Can you play, can you play with 12 men? Can you find an extra guy? Seriously, I feel like every team is a man. Short Green Bay was a man short last week. Their offense line, it's a battle between Detroit and Philadelphia who has the best right now. But you know, pene se can move. I mean, you could just put a piano on that guy's back. He'll take it up 18 flights of stairs for you. He's just a different difference maker. But they just have the perfect combination right now of Montgomery, who's your mutter and closer Jamir Gibbs, who's your home run hitter? And oh by the way, Jared Goff doesn't miss an open receiver. So they're, they're pretty much unstoppable on offense right now.


And I don't know, I don't know what defense is out there right now that can keep them under 30 points at this, at this stage. Yeah. Yeah. I I guess the formula would be just don't let their offense on the field just, just if you can. Yeah. You know, you play Keep away. Yeah. Yeah. Run the football play keep away is is one way to, or, or limit the number of possessions, you know, where you can limit them to seven or eight possessions because they're gonna get Jamison back and Jay Mo, you know, from anywhere on the field. He is just a maybe as good a home run hitter as there is a football. And so he's coming back, which is even gonna make them more dynamic right now. Yeah. And what do you think about, about the trade? So they, they bolstered up their defense today and so now it becomes even harder to do anything against him.


Well, you know, sometimes you, you need the right guy, right? Like Derius Smith to me is he's a guy that you want in your building, got a smile on his face every day. He's a tireless worker. I mean, he's not Aiden Hutchinson, don't get me wrong, but he has that culture to him. Like he, he was drafted by Baltimore. Like everywhere he is been like he adds a little something, something to the team. His work ethic. He's a good pass rusher and he's a tireless worker. Like he's gonna fit in really well. They need that right now. They, that was a good pickup. There was other guys out there, but Derius is still playing a lot of snaps. He's not an aged veteran where he just put 'em on a pitch count and he send them out there.


Like he's, he's a legitimate every down player right now. Yeah. And We were talking about this on, on Sunday night, but missing Aiden Hutchinson feels like the lines, they're gonna miss him for sure, but they're still a good enough team to at least appear right now to be the class of the NFC. But the problem would be if their defensive line suffered another injury and they're already down to eight and Hutchinson now, what do you do? So I feel like by, by doing this move at the trade deadline, they've just made themselves a little bit safer. Yeah, look. But you know, dude, they gave up 400 yards of offense to Tennessee the week before. They didn't look like a dynamic defense. They lost Brian Brian Branch last week during the game.


Kirby Joseph took his place, I mean, leads the league in interceptions with six. He's had 14 in the last two and a half years. I mean, nobody talks about Kirby Joseph on the back end, but I feel like, you know, Hutch was a big part of the pressure that forced quarterbacks to throw the ball up to your free safety, let 'em come down with it. But you know, they're, they're still talented. I mean, Eile McNeil and DJ Reader inside, it's tough to run against those guys in inside. You can skiing pass rush a little bit, but you're gonna be a little vulnerable on the back end. So this just makes a lot of sense. It's the arms race right now. You're gonna see a lot of teams make moves. I won't be surprised to see GW and Clowny get picked up by a good team.


You know, right now, whether it's receivers, whether it's defensive linemen, you know, guys that changed the game right now I think are gonna be on the move here sometime today. Yeah. Yeah. It, it does feel like there's gonna be an active trade deadline. All right. So the other team, I I have it right now. It's obviously the lions of the kings of the NFC right now. The chiefs are undefeated, the Chiefs, I feel like when watching the Chiefs, people are, are frustrated because they don't look dominant. But I think they're just as good as they've ever been because they play great defense. They can run the ball when they have to. And they also are just insane on third down, it's essentially like, yeah, every chiefs game they fuck around and then third down comes and they figure it out.


What, what is it like if you're an an a FC contender and you're looking at the Chiefs, is there something that can be exploited or is it like, these guys just keep doing the same thing and Patrick Mahomes is gonna be there in the Super Bowl in February? Well, They don't just keep doing the same things. I mean, Deandre Hopkins makes a difference. Yeah. You know, I mean, look, he's been there two weeks. He's catching two touchdown passes, you know, it's third and Nate and Mahomes throws it. Like the, the good thing about Mahomes is he could care less about his stats. Everybody will talk about nine interceptions and like, he threw the bone of triple coverage last night. Deandre Hopkins, he already trusted him to go up and get it. And there's Antoine Winfield Jr back there, the highest paid safety in football.


And he's looking at his glove like he's got a hole in his glove. Yeah. Well, hop just took it away from him. So, you know, he scores two touchdowns last night. They take the drive in overtime right down the field, 10 plays, 70 yards, you know, if they wanna run it because some teams can't run it when they have to run it. Well, Kareem Hunt ran 20 times for 90 yards in the game, winning touchdown in the second half last night. If they want to just be a power running football team, they're as good as anybody. If they want to throw it like Travis Kelsey the last two weeks, it's got 28 targets and 20 catches in 190 yards. Like if they just throw it to Kelsey and, and Nuke right now, they're gonna be just fine. Yeah. And then they go get Josh Usha to rush the passer.


I mean, they know exactly their weaknesses, what they needed to address, and they've done it. And so they've got the best player in the league, the most creative coach in the league. They're ready to threepeat right now. Yeah. Crazy. And what do you think about, about Xavier worthy? Because we all know he is fast. We all know what we saw, at least like week one from him. He's, he's fast. The man is fast. You can definitely say that about him. I don't know if he's a great football player right now, but he's, he's at least a threat in theory that he's gonna go downfield. Do they, would you consider him to be a guy that's going to affect a defense at all? Just because you have to know that he's there. He's like, he's like a chief gadget player at this point. You know, you can run him on some reverses like they did to week one where he got a, you know, a touchdown offer reverse, you know, last week they, or last night.


You know, I mean, for him not to get his feet in bounds right there is ridiculous. Yeah. I mean that's just lack of awareness. And maybe he's just young, who knows? But, you know, it's just hard outside of Tyreek Hill, honestly, it's hard for a small guy to be a dominant player in this league. It's just too easy to cover 'em up all these corners. Look worthy can run a four two in the 40 or 4 1 8 or the combine, whatever it was. But every corner can run a four three. So if you are a six one corner and you're covering Xavier worthy, you're not gonna get a lot of separation. You're just not. I mean, you're gonna get these six one corners just shadowing them. It's gonna be hard to get 'em the ball. Yeah. And that's what you see.


That's why they keep going out to get guys, go get me. I'd rather have a big power forward than a small power forward any day. Give me, you know, six foot four nuke out there over a five, 10, you know, Xavier worthy at this point. Yeah. So in in the a FC, who do you have second behind, behind the Chiefs right now? Is it the Bills? The Steelers look really good. The Ravens, well, You gotta consider the Ravens right now. I mean, they're, they're gonna, they meet next week in Pittsburgh. I'll be doing that game like that, that game is just played differently than every other game in pro football in today's world. Like it looks like, I expect Troy Palama to walk out Yeah. And Ray Lewis to walk out.


Like, I anticipate just like, literally just full speed collisions. It's just different. It's just violent. It's so much fun. Like, I wish everybody could just be on the sideline for that game and just hear the collisions. It's gonna feel like a NASCAR pileup. But, so, but you gotta consider Baltimore, you gotta consider Buffalo the way they're playing because they are an excellent running football team right now. And they use all three backs. And Josh Allen, the way that Joe Brady is putting this offense together, they just create so much space to make easy throws. Whether it's to Coleman or whether it's to Shaki or to Kinka, it doesn't matter. Like they're creating space.


And then Josh can create his own offense when he needs to. And so you, you have to consider Buffalo. So Baltimore, Pittsburgh, Buffalo for sure. And I, I don't wanna count Cincinnati out yet. Yeah. They just made a move to get a running back because Burrow is just gonna, he's just a flame thrower. He's an assassin. He's just gonna keep firing until they get this thing right. And they're still in it. So these games are gonna be big down the stretch. They're, they're in a crypt, but if anybody can come out of a crypt, it's Joe Burrow. So you mentioned Cincinnati, they picked up Khalil Herbert from the Bears. I have to ask a a, a difficult question about the Bears because it's ugly right now.


And Khalil Herbert also said, thank you, God, when he got traded. So that doesn't feel good. So the tape, I, I actually watched some of it on Monday, which I tortured myself. What is the fix for me? And you could tell me if I'm way off, but it does feel like Kle Williams is pressing a little bit where there's some easy stuff underneath. Take the, take the ones that give you and a lot of home run stuff. And I, I don't know, like the locker room feels bad. Everything feels bad right now. Is there something on tape that you're watching that you're like, this is how they can maybe right the ship a little bit? Well some of the things that they do defensively, first of all, I'll get to Caleb, but like, you know, de Mercado goes 50 something yards.


Yeah. You know, with 20 seconds to go in a half. I don't know what defense they're in. I don't know. They're blitzing on the play. Like it's 20 seconds to go in a half. Just like the week before against Washington. You just give, you know, Terry McClaren, you know, 13 yards of field position with from six seconds to two seconds to throw the Hail Mary. Yep. Like it's just, something's just missing their defensive. 'cause they're a good defense. They just give up these plays that they shouldn't give up. Yeah. Then offensively, like you can't take anything away from the cornerback play of the Arizona Cardinals. They deed up every receiver DJ Moore, they deed up, you know, Keenan Allen, they deed up Aroma Dunay. They were all over the place, those defensive backs.


And so I give Arizona a lot of credit. And then, you know, Buddha Baker, his blitzes and timely blitzes and then the offensive line of Chicago, honestly, like they're not very good. They're, they're very average when they run the ball really good. The offensive looks a lot better. Like they did when they had a little wind streak going and that kind of, you know, they lost the left tackle against Washington, then they lost Jenkins against Washington. They got these backups in there. You know, they had this kid Army gaje from Yale. Yeah. The third round pick. I mean they didn't even dress him last week. He was so bad against Washington. He was in an active player. So, you know, they, they don't have good depth there behind the five guys. And the five they have are just an average group right now.


Yeah. Yeah. It's bad. It's ugly. You Mentioned the Bengals, I think this is as close as you'll ever see to the Bengals being all in on a season because this is the third trade that they've ever made as a franchise in history. Yeah. They've only traded for three guys And it was for a backup running back And it was for a backup running back. This the bang, the Cincinnati Bengals ladies and gentlemen are all in right now. Well, Mike Brown, I wouldn't say that Mike Brown throws money at any issue. Yeah. You know, not really their style in Cincinnati. Yeah, yeah. Well, you know, they lost Zach Moss, you know, I don't know how long he is out for. They, he was, he was their starting running back, you know, so, you know, they got Chase Brown who's a good back, you know, and Khalil Herbert. I never really understood why Chicago wasn't playing them.


I thought he was a really good back with Montgomery there. He's had really good days in his league and he is not playing. So they went with Roan Johnson. So he's fresh as can be. He hasn't played at all this year, but I think he's still a good back. He's a good contact runner. They wanna be able to bounce things up a little bit. And so, you know, if you put Khalil in there in that offense with Chase Brown and you get t Higgins in that receiving court with Jamar like offensively, they're capable of putting 30 up on anybody. Yeah. Yeah. And then on the NFC side of things, ball, do you watch the tape? You, how much tape are we grinding these days? Oh, Every game. Every game. Every game every week. Yeah. When, when are you done with every game? Like what time of the week are you done with every game?


Well, like, I got a little headstart on Sunday 'cause I did the, the Eagles game against Jacksonville. So I was able to come into my office here at NFL films after the game and get a start. So usually it's 15 hours on Monday and it's 15 hours on Tuesday. And I try to get all of them done by Tuesday night, but sometimes it leaks into Wednesday. That's awesome. So I feel like, you know, honestly like every, like there's bad teams in this league. Obviously Darren Izzy's taking over for head coach in New Orleans. They're a bad team, but they have some good players on the team. So I, I feel like I I all 32 teams should get represented by Baldies breakdowns. Yes. I love it. You owe it to them. You owe it to the players. It's actually funny, you, you watch more football on Monday and Tuesday than you do on Sunday.


Yes. Oh yeah, for sure. That like Twice as much. That's awesome. So one, one question I had about the NFC side of things is the 49 ERs. 'cause we're, we, we feel like the 49 ERs could put it all together. Kyle Shahan pretty good coach in the second half of seasons. Not necessarily of games, but of seasons. And so if everyone's kinda like waiting for them to get on that little roll here, what do you see in the tape from the 49 ERs so far? Obviously no Christian McCaffrey yet, but what do you see on tape and does it tell you that this is still a good football team that can improve? Or is this a flawed football team? They're not, I mean, they're not what they were the last two and a half years without McCaffrey, but they still run the ball very well with Jordan Mason and Isaac Garo.


They've been excellent in the run game. You know, they, they lost iu. He was never really a big factor after the holdout. So, you know, maybe Ricky Pearsall can pick it up. Kiddo's having an amazing season. The quarterback is thrown 10 touchdown passes in eight games. It's not good enough. They're not good enough in the red zone right now, but maybe PSO coming on, maybe McCaffrey started practicing. Maybe he comes back, we don't know what we're gonna get yet. And defensively they've been good. They just haven't been great yet. I expect them to make a move for defensive a lineman here at some point today. Maybe clowning, maybe help up front. But the thing that's held 'em together honestly, is they got an awesome rookie class like this. Dominic Poy, this SFA Green, you, you look at the Pearsall, like they're got gar gredo, like their rookie class has been amazing and all good teams need juice from their rookies.


But the, the NFC west right now, Arizona leads it at 5 0 4. They just made a move. Yeah. To get a defensive pass rusher. The Rams are gonna make a second half push. They're too well coached and they're getting good players back. And the four guys they've drafted on the defensive line, Fisk Inverse this year, you know, brown and, and Turner last year. Like they're really good and only getting better. So it's gonna be, it might come down to the 49 ERs at Arizona in week 18 this year to see who, who comes outta that division. Yeah, It's, it's, it's crazy. NFC West has four, like, you know, I wouldn't say no one's running away with it, but the four teams that they have are all good teams can beat anyone. What, so week nine is right around where we're, we're getting to like, you know, the real football and the narratives kind of like, hey, early season narratives are you are what you are, what team is it that you're watching that you're like, Hey, this team is starting to play really well and people aren't really paying attention to it right now.


They maybe started a little bit slower and they're in the muck and they're not the Chiefs or the Lions or the Ravens, but they're, they're coming on and they're gonna be a force at the end. Maybe it was just the Rams, but if you have another one, Well, I mean, even last night, I mean, Tampa's playing without Mike Evans right now, but Emmy's the biggest red zone threat in this league since Randy Moss. And they're not gonna have the same firepower without Mike Evans. But you know, they've, they've dealt with their share of injuries. Nobody's making excuses, but they're running the ball way better than they ever have. And Baker's playing good football and maybe they should have gone for two when they scored, you know, at the end of the game last, maybe they should have gone for two on the road to go win the game. Maybe that would've been the right call.


Who knows. But they took Kansas City to the brink. Like I think they still are a good football team. I know Lana's got a two game lead on 'em in the division, but I believe that they could still be a good second half team. They're playing a lot of young guys. That's not a bad thing. Sometimes if you got the right guys, they're gonna be a lot better at the end of the season. They started a corner last night that's never started or played before. Like sometimes these guys just need to get seasoned and you know, they can be good additions at the end of the year. Yeah, yeah. The Bucks is a good answer too because their schedule I think gets a little bit easier. They've been playing some really, really good teams. I know they have the 49 ERs this week, but after that, you know, they still gotta play the, the, the Panthers I believe twice.


Yeah. They still gotta play the, the Saints, they have the Raiders, like they, they can, and the Cowboys, I mean the Cowboys, the Cowboys are dead. Right. We, we, that's, that season's over. Well, you know, we, we said this though, like, you know, when free agency hit and the Eagles were out there signing, you know, Saquon Barkley and making all these moves and the Cowboys were signing a free, you know, a long snapper. Like we said that the roster isn't good enough to compete. And then you look at Dan Quinn leaving Dows and bringing in, you know, 15 free agents that are all starting, and they're all, you know, you know, whether it's Bobby Wagner or Frank Lou Vu, you know, you just look at what they did. They rebuilt the team and they're much better than Dallas right now.


So I just like, look, they've played without Micah Parsons and Tank Lawrence, nobody would be good defensively without those guys. But, you know, offensively, they're a challenged football team. I don't know what Jonathan Mingo does for this receiving corps right now. Oh yeah. Oh, I played for the Cowboys. Like they always had great running backs. Always. You're going back to Dan Reeves and you know, Walt Garrison, they, you know, Tony Dorsett, Neman, all they, to, to see them line up with the running backs they have is just a mystery to me. You study the history of that organization. Yeah, Yeah. In the NFC East, it's, it does seem like it's down to two teams, the Commanders and the Eagles. I'm a Commanders fan, but I, I feel like I'm a realistic Commanders fan in that I think that the Eagles have a better roster than us.


I think that they're a better team than Washington right now. But Washington's on a roll. They beat every team that they should beat. They've struggled against some of the, the better competition they played. But how do you see it shaken out between the Eagles and the Commies? Well, I mean, right now you can't get Jane Daniels to make a mistake. Like he just plays mistake free football every week. If you, and it's not because he's, you know, he's playing conservative football. I mean, the guy's just, he's, he's Lamar Jackson, you know, and what he's been able to do right now, and Cliff Kingsbury's been perfect for him. And so their offense really good. I think defensively, they're very average. They've been playing with a big lead. And so Dan Quinn's been able to blitz a lot to get pressure, and if they give up a play, they've been able to overcome it.


But I think they're, they're average on defense, but you, you wouldn't know it by watching how confident they play right now. So, but there is legit offense right now because of the way they can run the ball, control the ball. They score at a very high percentage right now of possessions that they get. And so it's hard to get the ball away from Giant Strike. Like, hell last week they couldn't get it away. They couldn't get 'em to make a mistake. So they win these close games because of that. Yeah. Three turnovers this year. Yeah. That's a record so far. Like it's crazy. Only three turn turnovers this far through the season. And the Eagles on the other hand though, the Eagles do seem like they've figured something out in the last three weeks. Yeah, we have. They look like a different team. So what have they figured out?


Well, I mean, you know, some of the players went to Nick during the Bye week and they're like, look, we're holding the ball forever. We're getting away from the run game. Let's just get back to running the ball and play action passes. And that's what they've been doing. And they, and with that, like, I think Saquon's gonna gonna win the rushing title. Like I know Derrick Henry leads the league in Rushing, but I think Saquon's gonna win it. I I think their offense line is better than Baltimore's. And I think that you watch Mackay Beckton in there at Wright Guard, like he's just, you know, there's just, he's just a freak. Like the way he can move people with Lane Johnson and you know, they're gonna get Mulatta back and Landon Dickerson, like, if they just keep running it and get AJ Brown back and play action pass, they're, they're gonna be a very difficult offense to stop.


Yeah. Whoever they play, they, they just pulverize people right now, like Dallas better where that double chinstrap this weekend when they come down there to Dallas to play 'em, like, it's always a battle with these two teams. But I, I think Philadelphia can really attack Dallas where they're the weakest, they're bad run defense and they might look like that on Sunday. Yeah. Yeah. And it's Sequ Barkley would be going for the Russian Russian title in the last week of the season against the Giants. And I don't think that Sequ Juan's gonna take him out like he did a couple weeks ago. That'll Make every giant fan feel good. Yeah. I think Sequ Juan and that one, he's gonna be like, yeah, you know what? Screw, screw the younger guys. I'm going to just play the full game here. Yeah, Yeah. The, Well he's, he's gonna pace for over 2000 yards, so he's No, he's, he's playing the best he's ever played.


Yeah. He's been incredible. So bald, the On Monday show we talked about, there's nine teams that are, have two wins, which is crazy. We, we, we came up with the concept, the Super Bowl, where we're gonna have a a a, a final four of the two win teams. I think, what do we have the Dolphins winning at all? I Think we have the dolphins. Are You, are you putting, are are you guys putting that up against the Puppy Bowl? Yeah. Yeah. Should Sunday? We should. Is it, I Mean, okay, listen, the fact that there are nine teams with two wins I know is actually like mathematically almost impossible to Have right now. Yeah. It's, it's crazy. So, so my question to you though is nine two wins. You're not gonna go to the Playoffs, the sta statistically it is almost impossible, but right.


One or two of those two win teams is going to be, spoiler is going to play better than they are, are right now in terms of their record. Who are those teams? What are the two, two win teams that you're like, watch out. That's not an easy one. They are still playing hard and they still got a lot of talent. Oh, Tennessee Titans. Yeah, Tennessee for sure. Like they can, they legitimately can run the football, you know, Pollard's having a good season. Bill Callahan's coaching the offensive line. JC Latham was the right picket, left Tackle Roski was the right pick. The year before they're building their lines. You look at teams that end up turning things around, look in the trenches and see what they have.


Watch Devon. Like my, one of my favorite players in this league is Devon, Dre Sweat. Yep. I call him tpa 'cause he just brings pain. He's 360 pounds. He, like, he can run, he can like, make life miserable for any offensive line you put him next to Jeffrey Simmons, like they've been in a lot of games. They won last week. They gave, they put up 400 something yards offense against Detroit the week before. Like that's a team that if you have that bowl game on Super Bowl up against the Puppy Bowl. Yeah. I've watched the Titans against somebody else instead of the Puppy Bowl. I, you, you gotta, by the way, I mean TPAs good Nick nickname, but his nickname's Meatloaf. You gotta go with Meatloaf. Iaf, yeah.


And the meatloaf is good, but anybody could call a big guy Meatloaf. I feel T Payne is a good rapper's name. It's a great, like, I'm, I'm changing it from Meatloaf to tpa. Okay. Yeah. I love watching that kid play. Yeah, I mean, I, I agree with you on the tights. I've, I've been ridiculed because I've been, I've been betting them a lot because I think their defense is still a top 10 defense and they, you know, they've had trouble with the quarterback. So that's one. What's another two win team that people should be looking out for where it's like, Hey, don't take them lightly. They, they, they'll play spoiler. Well, the Giants, I mean, look, the quarterback, you know, is, is a problem, but they have talent. Yeah. Like, you know, this, you know, you look at, you know, Brian Burns, Dexter Lawrence, you know, Oja o they've got talent Offensive Line has actually played pretty good considering they lost their best player, you know, and Andrew Thomas, they've actually played pretty good that this Tyrone Tracy running back, this kid had a Purdue, like he's had some big games this year and Malik Nabors might be the best rookie wide receiver.


Like they still have talent, they're in these games, you know, they could have beaten Cincinnati, they could have beaten Washington last week. I know coulda would've, shoulda. I know all that. But still, like, they could still, they still play ga hard. They haven't packed it in yet. You could question coaching decisions, some of this stuff, but like, I, I wouldn't take that team lightly on any given week. Yeah. Can you tell us a little bit about the Saint's interim head coach? Because we're we're big fans. Yeah. Was he? Yeah. Yeah. He's, he looks like a football guy. And one of the things I like about him is on his Wikipedia page, when you look up any like biographical info about this guy, all they have is just football. So he's, he's only done football. There's absolutely no fun facts about him out there, which I think is good for an interim head coach.


But can you tell us something about him? What should we expect from him? Well, he's got the best military Marine Corps haircut going Yeah. In the NFL, like, it's right, it's Johnny Unitas, like it's right outta the fifties. You know, he's just, look, he's been, he's been in Miami and New Orleans since leaving, you know, the small college ranks. He's been special teams coach and he's been an assistant head coach in a lot of places. Like he is now. He was the assistant head coach here in New Orleans. He was assistant head coach when Dan Campbell was down in Miami. And if you look at one little aspect right now of what they've done in New Orleans, he believes in putting the ball in play on kickoffs and covering the kickoffs.


If you look at 'em, they probably have returned more kicks, had teams return the kicks more than the other team. And he does it for two reasons. One, he wants his coverage team to get action and sometimes your defensive product of your kickoff coverage team. And then number two, he tells me that one quarter of all kicks have a penalty by the receiving team, which backs you up. And instead of getting the ball at the 30, you might get it to 15. And so I just think that's a creative aspect to this whole kickoff rule that looks boring to everybody else. But in New Orleans, they've been covering kicks all year and they've actually had good success doing it. Yeah. Yeah.


Baldy, I gotta ask this question because of our producer memes, who's a diehard Jets fan, is there a path? Yes. Oh, there's a Path. Okay. There's a path. They go to Arizona. They go to Arizona after this buy. And so, you know, look, it's, it, it, you know, you beat a good team on the road. Arizona is a good team right now. They don't beat themselves. You go down there, beat Arizona, you get to your fourth win. Alright? And now you start, you, you start that feeling. You could see how Aaron and Devonte are starting to come together. You saw what Aaron and, you know, Garrett's doing. And they actually played that, that game against Houston with two backup guards in there.


They had the rookie in there, Olo Fasano at right guard Max Mitchell at left guard. They actually looked better. Like, I don't, like if they have injuries at the offense line and Morgan Moses can't make it, or you know, Kyron Smith just falls apart because of his age. Like, I feel like they got backups in there that can, that can get Grease Hall going. Like there's a path. There's a path because I think the best football can still be in front of him. Yeah. Okay. He's gonna love that, that that me, that cop memes very excited. You just Gave him life for the next two weeks. That, that a FC playoff pictures gonna be very interesting. 'cause you got those four, five teams you could say right now in, you know, the Chargers, the Broncos, the Cols, the Jets, and the Bengals.


And it's gonna probably be two spots for those five teams. And if, if, if, you know, everything else holds in terms of the Steelers and the Texans and everything. I, I love the Chargers. I love the way they're playing football. I don't know what the, I don't know what that seven seed would be. I don't know who, who's gonna get hot if it's the Bengals, the Jets, I mean the, the Broncos have, the Broncos are five win team. They obviously look bad against the Ravens, but they, they have some nice things as well. Oh, well, I mean, up until last week, yeah, we were in Baltimore just, you know, it was just too much Lamar he was just, you know, and he had his fourth perfect quarterback rating. Oh, by the way, that's the most in NFL history. Yeah. Of anybody Peyton Manning, anyone, four perfect quarterback games.


I mean, they couldn't do anything to stop 'em. But the, but Denver's a legit defensive team. They're very well built. And look, the quarterback was not great last week against Baltimore, but Sean Peyton's done a good job coaching that kid. Like they're, they're well coached. Like they're, they're, they're gonna win their share of games here and be in the playoff picture until December. Yeah. What about the Chargers? What about our, our guy Harbaugh, he's done a great job so far. The Chargers haven't looked splashy, they haven't looked flashy. They're not a sexy team right now. They're playing great defense. What is making the Chargers? Well, not just great defense. They're the best defensive football right now. Yeah. They've had three games this year where they haven't given up a touchdown. And last week they're doing it with two rookie corners, two fifth round corners that are starting, you know, and they, they were able to keep, you know, keep everybody out of the end zone there.


Cleveland who came off a great game and Jamis Winston looked like Jamis Winston, you know, the way, what we're used to seeing Jamis last week against them, they played great. You know, they've always been a bad tackling team and an injured team. Well, they're not an injured team right now, and they're not a bad tackling team. So the Harbaugh effect is taking, taking effect. And now they're getting plays. The, you know, Ladd McConkey is becoming really good player. And Quentin Johnston, no, Cleveland just gave him free touchdowns last week. Like, I don't know what they did. Like the right hand wasn't talking to the left hand, the left guy's wide open. But still, I mean, this is a, like, they're gonna, they're gonna make noise. They, they're, they're playing the way Harbaugh wants 'em to play.


And they're not. But when you are the number one defensive football, you're the number one defensive football. If teams aren't scoring touchdowns, you have a chance to win every week. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. They've been great. And so, Bonnie, one thing I love about you, obviously the film, you watch all the film, but you have a, you have a love of just physical football and the most physical dudes in the league. Yes. Who's one guy that you've been watching this year that's getting you excited that's like, you know, that's a physical man. Well, I mean, I love watching Dominic Puny play in San Francisco. Like, every team needs a pny, you know, like he just, And, and you know, look, I mean, we, we never talk about guards, but guards are people too. Yeah, yeah. But that guy's played every snap for San Francisco this year. Like, he just, he's just a great, you know, he is a great kid.


Doesn't say two words. Tere sweat, I got tpa is legit. Melo like that guy, people that are 370 pounds shouldn't be able to move like that and play 70% of the snaps. Like he's, he's fun to watch, you know. And then if you look at Daniel Fle in Baltimore at 390 pounds, like, you know, you can't, he's, he, he's, he's an eclipse. Like he just blocks out the sun. There's a reason why Derrick Henry runs behind him for these 10 touchdowns. He's run for. You can't, you can't see around him. You can't see through him. Like those guys are just fun to watch. Yeah. Every team needs a puny.


Yeah.


Alright. Bald is been so much fun. I got one last question for you. It's the Rollback question. RH opa c k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take what team that you watch the tape is doing something, whether it be offensively or defensively that you're like, wow, this is, this is stuff no one else is doing right now.


I mean, I obviously we know Ben Johnson, Kevin O'Connell's a great coach, but wh what's a under the radar coordinator that you're like, man, this guy is dialed in and he's calling, calling, he's hitting all the right buttons. I I feel like Joe Brady in Buffalo. Yeah. Is that guy, like if you, I'm just watching and studying the game this weekend against Miami, which was a great game. And two, it couldn't play any better. But what he does by formations and his route combinations is he just creates space. Like, you could take three receivers on one side and run 'em on vertical routes and all you're doing is creating space for somebody coming on a drag or a cross and there's this big window there. And he constantly, and it's so, it's easy throws for Josh and one of the, and and then, you know, they run it more than they throw it.


Like all the good teams in the league now, it's been a huge shift. Like there's 10 good teams in this league that are like the Eagles that are running it 56% of the time, the most in the league. But Baltimore, Detroit, San Francisco, Kansas City's 50 50. Like the best teams in the league are running it more than they're throwing it now. But then if you look at the coordinators, what are they doing in the passing game? Like they're, they're making these throws really easy and identifiable for Josh. He'll take all the easy throws you want to give him. And, and then, you know, at the end of the day when he has to make a play, he's still Josh Allen. So I feel like Joe Brady in the passing game right now is very under the radar. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good answer. Yeah. So what teams out there could be thinking soupy right now?


How many teams are actual Super Bowl contenders? Give 'em, give 'em to us on your Probably eight. Legit. Yeah. Give, yeah. Count 'em with your hands. I wanna see your hands. Well, I mean, you know, you, you go, you know, Detroit, Philadelphia right now, Baltimore, Kansas City, like those four look like Final Four teams. But, you know, you've gotta consider what Minnesota can do because the firepower and offense and what Flores does on defense, you gotta still consider Houston. They're gonna get Nico Collins back. He's gonna make a difference right now. You feel like either the Rams or the 49 ERs, one of those two teams is gonna come out of the West and they'll be really well tested.


You know, I wouldn't go to sleep on Atlanta at all. Bijon looks like he's poised to have a great second half of the season the way they used them last week. Drake, London Pitts what Kirk is asked to do and defensively, they've got Playmakers in the back end. Like, I, I feel like those are eight legitimate teams right there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean it's, it as much as the nine two win teams and there's some bad teams, it does feel very wide open at the top. And the fact that we have some great football coming up. Yeah. Oh yeah. No, this could be like, you know, it's gonna be Thanksgiving before we know it. You're gonna get three games on Thanksgiving. Look, maybe Dallas Giants doesn't float your boat on Thanksgiving, but other games will.


Then we get to the holiday season where we have games Saturday and Sunday all the way through this, you know, and so, and, and Monday night and Thursday. So it's, it's gonna be all football all the time when we get to December and, you know, these games are all gonna get flexed. You're gonna get great games in, in these windows. And so just get on your couch and get your remote ready. Yeah. I love it. Are you gonna wake up to watch the, the Germany game, the Giants and the Panthers? Well, I'm always awake so I don't have to worry about that. Yeah. I wanna see, I wanna see the Panthers I want. 'cause I think that rubber hunt is an underrated guard and Tuba Hubbard can run through anybody. So Yeah, I'm, I'm anxious to see that game.


Right. The Giants the only one. Love it. You're the only one anxious to see that game. It's great. I'm always, I'm always got an eye on the Giants just because I still feel like there's something still there that maybe they can unlock. Like two years ago they made a, a run to the playoffs. Nobody thought they could. Like, who knows, maybe it just gets unlocked. Yeah. You've inspired me to be a better football fan. Yeah. I was considering taking that game off, but I you might have talked me into it. Yeah. Alright, well Baldi, thank you as always. We love having you on. Yeah. We'll have you back on closer to Christmas time. Let's talk some more football. And you're the best man. Appreciate it guys.


Baldy was brought to you by Nutriful as we transition to fall and our schedules get busier back to school activities for the kids, tighter work deadlines as we approach the end of the year or the start of holiday preparations. It's so easy to forget about taking care of our, of ourselves during this busy season. One simple but effective thing you can do for yourself is to start taking neutrophil. Neutrophil is the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand trusted by over 1 million people. See thicker, stronger, faster growing hair with less shedding in just three to six months with Neutrophil. If you're even thinking about starting, don't wait. The longer you wait, the harder it's gonna be to get that hair back. Start right now. Thinning hair is different for men and women. So a one size fits all approach to hair growth doesn't cut it. Neutrophil has multiple formulas for men and women that are tailored to different life stages. While many supplements rely solely on ingredient studies, neutrophil clinically test final formulations to ensure their efficacy with a neutrophil subscription. Building a hair growth routine is simple. You purchase online, no prescription required. Automated deliveries and free shipping keep you on track. Plus you can save up to 20%. You'll have free access to, you'll have access to free naturopathic doctor consults and a Headspace membership is included. Get results that you can run your fingers through for a limited time. Nutriful is offering our listeners $10 off your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to nut nutriful.com. And enter promo code. Pardon? Find out why over 4,500 healthcare professionals and stylists recommend Neu Nutriful for healthier hair nutriful.com. That's spelled N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com Promo code. Pardon? That's nutriful promo code. Pardon? Don't wait. Try it right now. Be a nice, nice holiday present for yourself.


Baldy was also brought to you by Hey dude, jingle all the bells, deck the halls and make the snowman extra frosty because it's officially the Hol Dude season. We're taking all the magic of the holidays and adding the one of a kind style go-to comfort and Stoke that hey dude is known for, to get a holiday season that's unlike anything else. Give the gift of go-tos and don your Doist apparel because you and all your go-tos are invited for the Hey dude, hol dude season. Nobody has more fun around the holidays than, Hey dude. And these hol dude offerings are the perfect gift for fans or the brand and newcomers alike. Nothing says, Hey dude, quite like holiday novelty prints. This is Hol dude season. Our most iconic silhouettes are getting their annual fest festive update. They've got the Wallys and the Wendy's. It will don ho holiday garb and prove once again to be the life of the party. I've got my hey dudes right behind me. They're some of my favorite shoes in the world. Perfect house shoes. Perfect. Dog walk shoes. Perfect. Go out and check the male shoes. Big Cat just put in his order about Yep. 15 minutes ago for his Hey dudes, you can shop the Windy and w and Wally holiday styles this season@heydude.com Hey dude.com.


Okay, let's wrap up with some listener submitted roasts. Appreciate everyone subscribing, keep subscribing on Spotify and iTunes. It's a very big help. We, I, it still blows my mind when I go look. You know, there's the top PO podcast charts, which are just like we've been around for so long that we're just somewhere in there. But when you go look at top episodes on both Spotify and iTunes, it's just politics, politics, politics. Oh our two dumb asses. Politics, politics, politics. So, thank you everyone who subscribed. It's crazy to look at. Hopefully maybe we can climb the charts now that the politics are over. Yeah, we're done. We're done with politics.


Yeah, Politics is over. It's a politics is a one day season. Yeah. And so You had your time. You Get the a long preseason that last 364 days and then the regular season and sometimes overtime. And maybe if we want to get into politics charts, we'll just have Hank do a politics podcast. Ooh. Hank's political corner. I did say that it would be funny if we had, if we had titled this episode, like decision 2024 just to, just to see people would be pissed but would've been funny. I Did vote Hannah. I voted four times today for Pepsi. Rookie of the Week. Nice. Yeah. There you go. Alright. Hank Did our, did we bump up memes on the iTunes after we told people The Spotify?


Spotify has a new subscribe. No, I thought it was, I thought it was. Yeah. No, It's a Apple. Oh, it's Apple. Yeah. Alright, so do it on both please. We, we do not bump up. We're not in the top one number yet. Fuck God. Damnit. I don't understand that. Yeah. But the episodes we're already, we're, every time there's a new episode, we're like a, it literally is like the, it's like Joe Rogan, the Daily Yeah. Some other politics and then us. And there's, there's always one new podcast that comes out just so that they can screen grab it and be like, look, look at us. We're a top podcast. Yes. And then that goes away after two weeks. Yeah. We're currently at number five on Apples Top Episodes. Okay. Top episodes. Nice. Alright. Right. So what we have to Do and what, who's ahead of us? Just politics. Elon Musk on Rogan. Yep. Fair.


The Daily. Yeah. And then two Murder or what's It called? Yeah, yeah, that's right. I forgot about the murders. It's the true crime. And then on, on Spotify, I think we're seventh right now on top episodes. And it's the same. It's like, it's Joe Rogan one through three, call her daddy and then Us. So What we have to do, if we're gonna engineer how we can climb these charts, we already talked about maybe getting Hank to date, like Rihanna or Beyonce, Cardi B, top female celebrity. Hank should also do politics and Hank should also commit a murder. Yes. That me and Big Cat can solve. We Solve that. That would be great producing wouldn't it? If you killed somebody and me and Big Cat did like five episodes trying to find out who did it. Turns out plot twist. It was Henry I'll, I'll I'll get crazy if you do those three things.


You don't, you can get outta the dunk bed. No dunk pet's. Almost over. Oh, Okay. Well I'm saying you don't have to pay it. I think Hanks should be eligible for unlimited golf for an entire year If you kill Someone. If you murder somebody. Yeah. And we get to solve the mystery. You Gotta make, you gotta do a good, good job of killing someone. 'cause we, I Don't want you to solve it. Well maybe that's, yeah. Maybe we just inconclusive at the end. Yeah. Because then I don't get unlimited golf. Yeah. Okay, well, we'll we'll figure it out. Maybe just date Rihanna. That's easier. Fine. Four. We got four rows today. Listener watch PMT to see Big Cat fluctuate weight while their co-host suffers. A midlife crisis revolved around hair treatment, buying muscle cars without putting gas in them and falling for his new qb.


You're forced to stick around to see the VP of nothing pretend To make decisions That his producing team, while his scheduled cos and have a hefty Italian steals the mic from a lovable man child in his agro friend. Oh, that's memes. Memes has got a bad reputation around here. Memes is Roy now. Yeah. I like that's a, that's Actually, that's a, that's a compliment. But memes. Memes got, there was, there was some scuttlebutt because memes apparently tried to fight someone during pickup basketball on Friday, which means I have your back now that I know that Jack McCarthy tried to take you down midair. That's a fight worthy play. It it was a, It was a walk-in Layup. Yeah. That's a fight. That's a fight worthy play.


If you're in the air, that's a dangerous play. You do have anger issues though. I could get to a point where I get very angry, But I mean, I think it's fine. And We got a bunch of babies though. Like it was not that serious. Like, it wasn't like a Have You seen the tape? He was there. Were you there? Yeah. Oh yeah. So the, I I'm on meme side. I mean memes went up to Jack McCarthy screamed in his face. Do you want to go? You almost, I don't know how much money, how much closer it can get to funny. Hey, Can, can you narrate for us? 'cause we, we haven't seen the tape. We don't know what happened. I didn't see that part. I just, I heard, I heard from what memes told us about the play. What was the play? It was the, it was the foul, right? The one, some People didn't, I didn't see the foul.


Hold on, hold on, on Scuttle. I wanna hear, Give a little, I got you a little context though before you talk about the play. Because some people are saying memes was called for travel and the play before and he was mad about that. That was the base of all anger. Okay. All. So for sure. Let's take it from, from the start. So memes, flagrantly traveled. Yes. Eight. I was not playing the game. So I didn't see any of the, it was Any of what some would say it's a gather step. Grabble, Eight steps. I heard eight steps. I, I was coming down spun. We're gonna Have to get this, take Two extra steps. Threw it up behind me, hit off the backboard. Went in, it was sick play. Okay, so you spun and then took two steps. That sounds like a walk. The gather step was a spin.


Okay. All right. So go ahead Hank. But if it, if it misses, then I probably was just like, yeah, let's travel. Yeah, No, that was it. I just don't, I think, you know, did you, when you're playing competitive basketball sometimes like, yeah, rise, but it's not that it wasn't that serious. What happened? What memes just said. He just Said it. The, that was a walk. I, I didn't think it was a walk. I didn't think it was like that. No, I'm talking about the, and then they had, they were just, they were just jawing. Yeah. But on the layup. Was he, did he pull him down? I didn't think so. I thought it, I mean it was a physical play. Like it Wasn't, yeah. No. Easy buckets. Nineties basketball. Not even everyone just, everyone's just divas. Di what do you think about, do you want to go? I mean, memes does have, I defend memes here.


Memes also does, I mean there was that time, was it two weeks ago when I came in and memes, I think he had had his fist clench for like three hours. 'cause I walked in and he looked like he wanted to punch it. So that's Fair. But I think, I think there's like, you can ask someone if you want to go, if you actually throw a punch, then you have an anger problem. But like that's true when you're in a good point. Heated. When you're in a heated, you know, if you're in a basketball game and, and you know you're in between the lines. Like that can get to a point you'd like, oh, you want to go? But that doesn't necessarily like Max, I mean Max almost in that context, max like fully threw his bottle cap at Steven Chase as hard as he could from point plank. Good Point. That's correct. Good point. But that wasn't Like, what was that for? He kept, he started rooting for The Jags. He was doing the first down. Oh yeah. He for no reason.


Yeah. Just to make max angry. Yeah. Sounds Like boys would be boys. If You ask somebody you want to go, like that's, you're asking for consent. You should be taught to do that. And it's like if somebody that is weak says that to you, then it's not a big problem. But then when a reed out macho man, like meme says it and it's like, oh no. Yeah. It's like having a, a ugly dude ask you out as opposed to an attractive guy. Memes. Lemme ask you a quick question. How many people in this office have you? You're not, I don't, I actually don't. I'm not concerned about you fighting anyone. But how many people have you visualized beating up, Not beating Up, but like punching. And how many of those people are in this room right here? No. I, I I I genuinely like you guys, but There's, there's been moments, But there's been moments.


Yeah, But that's gotta be a hundred percent. Yeah. No, probably just Max. Max, max. Hank you're saying Hank. Yeah, but Hank doesn't yell. Yelling triggers me Max. Just like, we could be talking about offensive linemen and he'll just like, max gets to a level of just office chatter and he'll just start screaming. I'm a passionate guy. But you've definitely wanted to punch Hank. That's a lie. If you, if you say opposite. No, Hank gave me a job. Yeah. But there, in that job, there have been moments where you're like, I wish he'd never gave me this job. Yeah. But there's nothing that's been that serious. And then looking back, it's just always overblown. Yeah. Yeah. Which Falls back on the anger problem. Memes Does say the anger sharks are swimming out loud.


I, He Says that about me often. Whenever I start to get angry. He like, because it's the Philly guy, he angry Man. Sharks are swimming. No, he, he like, that sounds like something you'd say to a toddler. No, I've ever seen, it's from anger management. Okay. What I've seen that movie Does this is how dedicated to the game memes is he steps in and intervenes on himself by thinking of a meme. Yeah. To calm him down. The anger sharks are swimming. Yeah. I love it. I love it. Okay, next one. A Taylor Swift podcast that sometimes discusses current sports is hosted by a 40-year-old man wearing Spanx, a middle school bible teacher with a midlife crisis. The show is produced by a guy with good luck, Chuck Syndrome, and a muck banger Who loves Philly sports? We what's Good luck Chuck Syndrome.


I mean, everyone, Everyone that you date gets married, gets Married after. Oh, what Is Gomas up to? Oh yeah. Goma, by the way that brought up, did you get any blowback for your Taylor Swift comments? Max Zero. Okay. All right. I said Was for saying that she was beautiful. The one of the most beautiful. I feel like that pop stars, that's about as, that's about as of safe as you can say. One of the most, You, you just want someone else to get Taylor Swift blowback. No, I don't care. I don't want you to go through the hell. I don't even do anything anymore. Guests include the fat kid from standby me who often recites poetry about one of the hosts.


Meh. Yeah, that was, come on, you're taking a shot at Jerry. A wonderful, a wonderful way to get sports news from a dog, A little person who loves airplanes and Jane Daniels, but is scared of heights and woman. An obese man who is delusional about the Bears. Yeah. And even obese or crybaby from Philadelphia. And the keeper of the light. Willy Wonka's grandpa. Who's the dog? Pug. Pug. Oh, pug. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We, we haven't gotten on the Willy Wonka's grandpa thing recently. Hank that was, that was hot in the streets like a couple years ago. I feel like we should bring that back. What Grandpa Joe. What About him? Didn't people call you Grandpa Joe for a while and you got mad about it?


I don't know. So they call me feeble knees, which I, Yeah. What is feeble knees I haven't seen Proving. It's just, they, they don't think I'm gonna dunk. They think I've knees You got diamond knees? I got, yeah. Yeah. You got this. I feel Good. Think I I'm gonna have a shot. John Crux, autistic Italian nephew produces a show hosted by a nearsighted cocker spaniel and an an anthropomorphic donut. He's just trying to get Hank to say words here. Executive producer Henry happened to be there. Lockwood continues to keep Ryan S's thigh from being the whitest landmarks in the sports podcast landscape.


That was a good roast anthropomorph. That's having human characteristics. Yeah. So you're just a, a, a donut with c human characteristics. You're live action donut. A claymation donut. Oh, you got one more? Nope. Okay. That was good. I felt good. Yeah. We gotta bring, we gotta do roast more often. Feels, feels refreshing to get roasted every now and then.


Alright, let's do lottery ball. It's brought to you by Jack Pockett. Feeling lucky. We'll get ready to try Your luck with Jack Pockett America's number one lottery app with Jack Pockett. You can order Powerball and Mega Millions tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery games every day. There are millions up for grabs right on your phone. New customers can get a free lottery ticket using code PMT. That's code PMT for free. Powerball or Mega Millions tickets. Don't wait. Download Jack Pockett. Now for your chance to win big good luck, go download Jack Pockett and use code PMT for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket that could make you the richest a WL.


Okay, numbers five. 19 11 4 3. Wow. I gave that to you mean four Wins. We're going four wins this week. Nine. Nine Pug. Oh, your mic's not on pug. Mic's not on 99 pug. 21 Is, is there a twang on that? Pug? I like that. 99 p pug pug. What was your number? Young pug Hank. 19 Memes and PFT. You guys have never gotten this correct? I've never gotten it.


I need one of you to get it so then we can start bullying the other person. I know it's not fun when it's two. I've never gotten it. I It was fun when it was three. Yeah. 96. 96. Love you guys.