
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. Week 11 in the NFL we're gonna talk about every game from Sunday. The Steelers win a big one against the Ravens. The bills win a big one against the Chiefs. The Bears did the Bears thing. The Jets are officially dead. We got a lot to talk about. And then we're gonna do, we're gonna do Fastest two minutes to start. We also got who's back the week.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner in the NBA will a LA repeat. We'll find out soon. There's sure to be rim rattling slams. And no look passes that bring the crowd to your feet. Get behind your favorite players in the props you can make on DraftKings the home of NBA player Props. We also will be releasing our NBA Cup picks on Tuesday on all of our socials. So if you are Ready to place your first bet, try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. First time. Here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers BET $5. Get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with the DraftKings Sports book. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by Draftking. Score big with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet, just five bucks only on DraftKings.


The crown is yours. Today is Monday, November 18th, week 11. And let me be the first to wish a congratulations to the Toronto Argonauts. In the Gray Cup. In the gray Cup and the CFL in the gray cup. We start in Pittsburgh where you can throw out the record books when these two teams play. Many people think you can't win a football game without gang in the end zone, but Boswell actually you can. As Chris scored six times for the Steelers, LA Marvelous became unremarkable on Sunday as his Steelers defense bottled 'em up, forcing fumbles on likely and Henry, likely Henry.


That's what Tiffany Goma said. When asked who smashed a hole in her back wall. The Steelers put a strangle hold choke me daddy on the A FC North Steelers. 18 Raven 16 punk. We go to Michigan, get up, everybody's going. Score tees, get down. Jamison says, hold my, ID gotta lose your coach in Detroit Pro City. Hey, as the Lions punked, the Jags and even Brock Wright got it on the action when the touchdown doctor says, I need a matomy. As Jones couldn't help the broken spine of the Jaguars. And I haven't seen anyone Ms. Lawrence since Darren Aronofski.


Doug Peterson is looking less like quail man and more like fail man as it's only a matter of time before he's fired. Now that's funny. Lions 56 than Jaguar Lys 52, the Jaguars six down in Miami, where it's a John New World order. As Smith scored twice and had over a hundred yards receiving through a tough start to this season, Mike McDaniel told fans that If you don't love me now, you'll never love me again. I could still hear you saying you will never break a chain. As Devon laid the fleet wood on the Raiders defense all afternoon long as for the Raiders, their season has boiled down to whether or not Brock Tua could keep spitting on that thing as their rookie tight end had another career day.


Dolphins 34 Raiders. The Raiders 19 lot of rocks this week. Boom. Lot of bros, lot of bros, lot of B bros, a lot of bros in Nashville. Sam Donald Schwartzenegger said, I'm back. Nick Westbrook and Kenny Rogers says, you got to know when to hold em. No. When to school em. No. When to walk away. No. When to run 99 Dodge for a score. Brian's super Callahan istic Titans are atrocious as Tennessee remains the chimney sweep of the A ft. South. But a spoonful of drop picks hope the losing and go down the Vikings 23, the Titans 13 in Chicago where the Bears played the Packers and lost again because the Bears never beat the Packers and life is meaningless.


And Mike Tyson was right that There's no such thing as legacy because we all die in the end. Also, Carl Brooks Burke got wild on the game winning field goal, blocking it with his hand. Remember that show I used to jerk off to it, but it doesn't matter 'cause we're all gonna die one day. Packers 20 Bears 19. We head to Foxborough with Henry Lockwood on the scene In New England. Drake Mayflower continued his stellar rookie campaign in the first quarter with a passing touchdown to Kendrick, Born To be Ou and Stafford responded with a touchdown of his own to Cooper Kapal Pow Ram defense forced a fumble on a play that was actually a tuck, ruble, whatever, and got the ball back in the red zone.


Pooky Nku was looking absolutely fire in the end zone. So Stafford reward him with a touchdown of his own. The past fought back violently in the fourth quarter, but not even a touchdown from offensive lineman. Jeff V as Inda Low was enough. And the Rams win 28 22 was That Lightning McQueen henry Ca Cahow. Alright, we had to stick it in the a FC east memes It MetLife stadium where Anthony Soprano Richardson finished off the big pussy, which is the Jets defense. No spoilers. Boom. Met a world breeze cos malice at the metal lens. As he scored two touchdowns of his own drinking, Josh down said to the jet defenders, whoa, just take it easy man.


As he scored a touchdown as far as Aaron Rodgers, it was time to quit. He pay the piper with the sack and put an edge to the this game and the jet season. Colts 28, Jets 27, They shot him on the boat. Boom. No Swillers did A drink with 'em first. Well, he finished in Buffalo where the bills were flaunting their bodies as skies. Samuel showed a lot of legs. And Khalil, Shakira, Shakira said, these hips don't lie as he went, whoop. And what? And hm, some spread on the chief's defense. Xavier, we are not worthy. Had Chiefs fans saying came on Garth, after our first half score, the game was back and forth, back and forth as Noah 50 shades of gray had Josh Allen feel like he was back in bondage after a second touchdown.


But the bills finally got their release shooting a massive buffalo load and a win. No one circles the wagons like the bubble bills Bill starting that Tree's 21 Standing on the corner. Jamis Winston Cuyahoga such a fine side to see. He's, he's throwing seeds against his old team. Revenge against New Orleans. The gumbo spoil. You got a ball it Izzy clogged the mic.


A pregame tour. The Saints go marching 35 14. And that is the Fastest two minutes from week 11 in the NFL.


And it is brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of, Pardon My Take Jobs, adventures to other shenanigans. Silverado's been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks of recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west West with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover, world of strength and capability. All behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week 11 in the books we have Sunday Night Football that we'll talk about at the end. That is about to start, we're gonna tape some of this early, but week 11 in the books, I feel like we're at officially at the point where there are some teams that we can just stop paying attention to. Yep. And that became clear this week. Specifically the Jaguars, which We'll talk about. Well it's things about the Jaguars is you can stop paying attention to 'em because they're relevant and the NFL makes perfect sense. Sometimes, however, we might have to start paying attention to the Jaguars again because they're probably gonna have an interim coach. We'll, Yeah, we'll to see, we'll have to see how the interim head coach, if he's fat or fun or passion, You wanna look at their, at their coaching staff right now and predict who it should be.


It's not gonna be their defensive coordinator. No. You know what Let's you let Tony Conduit. Yeah, Let, let let Tony Conn get on on the sideline. Let's wait, let's wait till we get to the Jaguars lines. Let, let's get into the games. We'll start with the most important game from Sunday. And it was Steelers 18. Raven 16. Exactly how you expected a Steelers Ravens game to go. You said this on Friday. All they do is play close games. All you gotta do is take the underdog and the Steelers win the game with six field goals. Never getting into the end zone. Not the best game from Russell Wilson. But I think this was the game that was like, damn, the Steelers need to be taken very much for real because their defense just bottled up a very, very explosive Ravens offense.


And they now have a two game lead in the A FC North and they are in play for a one seat as well because the Chiefs lost. So the Steelers like you, you had, I I actually think if you, you went into this game and you, and you said that Russell Wilson was gonna play like that. I would say the Steelers had no chance because it was all kind of short underneath. He had that one really nice pass to George Pickens. But when he was pressured, he was sacked a bunch of times through an inter, the one of the worst interceptions in the end zone. But the Steelers defense did it. Yeah. The Steelers defense, they take away the long ball. They're like, we'll give you stuff underneath. And really, I feel like this game came down to a couple things. One was the Derrick Henry fumble. Yep. On the very first drive. Yep.


One of the first plays of the game that added up with the missed fuel goals by Justin Tucker. He, That should be bad. Who now should either fake an injury and be like, yeah, I've been dealing with this since like week two. I don't know. Just say that you've had a hamstring problem that's gotten worse. Yeah. Or say that you've got like the measles, but I, there's something wrong with Justin Tucker and we've been calling him washed I think ever since it might've been 2017 when he missed that extra point against the Saints. Yeah, it's It's, it's how the, this show goes. We're very rarely right. The only times we're right. It usually is because we joke about something and then enough time elapses that it becomes Right. Yeah. Because we were the first that Justin Tucker has washed as a joke and now I think he legitimately might be washed.


He's 30th in the NFL in terms of accuracy this year in, in kickers. He also lost, he's no longer the most accurate kicker of all time. So he's in a battle by percentage points. It's basically like tallying votes. Is that coup? I think, I think California still has like a million votes still left to, to go. No, it's Eddie Pinero. Oh really? Eddie Pinero is 89.38% and Justin Tucker's 89.32%. If he goes three for three in his next three he will be back at number one. Yeah. So this is like, you can do this with any player really. Yeah, you can say that they stink that they're over the hill and eventually you will be correct by the only person who's probably immune to that was Barry Sanders. Well, and Tom Brady.


And Tom Brady. Because Max Kellerman did it like every year and then he looked like a fool every year. That's true. Yes. The, what was that show? Dexter? It was like the Dexter on Showtime principle. It's like you wanna move on one season, two early, not one season, two late from something. Right. Right. But Justin Tucker's a legitimate problem. He missed back to back field goals. It was the difference in this game. The Steelers kicker, Chris Boswell made all his field goals. Yeah. Are like, that was something that the Ravens always could just rely on. Like, hey, if we get past the 50 yard line, we're gonna score points. Justin Tucker. Like are they, if you're a Ravens fan, are you legitimately worried now? Yes. Going into the playoffs You have to be worried this could be an issue that rears its ugly head. Yeah. The strength of your team. Like the most dominant player, one of the most dominant players ever at their position.


Justin Tucker, I would say like for a while Justin Tucker was as good at kicking as Tom Brady was at playing quarterback. Yeah. And He shot automatic Hank's nodding his head back and forth. You, you disagree, Hank He was good For A few years. No, I'd say probably like seven years, eight years. Justin Tucker. Unquestionably the best kicker in the history of the game. That's a stretch. But that's fine. I I think it's probably accurate. Harder position to play to. That's Yes, that's accurate. I'll give you that. We are an international podcast, so I will make sure to see important points to you. Yes. But yeah, Justin Tucker, there is an actual issue with him. I don't know if I, if I was Harbaugh, I would probably just say that he was injured.


'cause you can't deactivate, you can't like bring in competition to kick against Justin Tucker if he's healthy. Right. And, But I mean, he still came in and he, after he missed those two, he would, he hit a 50 yarder Yeah. Later on in the game. So he is still good. He's just not Justin Tucker. Yeah. He's the, the Ravens essentially just have an average kicker now where it's like, I hope it goes in, if it's deep. Yeah. That, that's essentially it. And then the, the big story though is Lamar can't figure out the Steelers. He's now one in four in his career against the Steelers. He has as many wins against the Steelers as Russell Wilson has against the Ravens in this rivalry. Yep. And, and, and, and the one win is against Mason Rudolph. It Was Mason Rudolph and Duck. Yeah. It Was in 2019.


Yeah. You Got half of Mason Rudolph and then you had Duck Hodges in the second half. Besides that, he hasn't gotten it done. Now, I, I looked this up. I went back to the start of the Harbaugh Tomlin rivalry. So I think that's 2008. Yeah. Matchup between these two teams since 2008, the total points Steelers are now winning by 10 points. That makes sense. Over the, the course of that entire time. That's an average of 0.3 points per game. Yeah. Between the two of those Guys. Every single game, every time is just a, it's within a touchdown. It's usually a two. It's usually a weird score. This was a weird score. Yeah. Like, you know, if it's a two and a half point spread, just take the two and a half because it probably will be a one point game.


And Yeah. It's, it was, it was pretty shocking to see the Ravens defense be bottled. Actually, weirdly, both defenses, like, I felt like Overperformed because I knew the Steelers defense was really good, but I thought, you know, the Ravens offense is really, really good. So they would have more success. And then the Ravens secondary has been a problem all year and the Steelers weren't able to to like gash them. Really? Yeah. On Both. It's just, it's just both these teams, they get together and they just play old school football every time On both sides. It, it was like neither team wanted to make a mistake. Yeah. And so they were just taking what the defense was giving him and the Steelers. Yeah. The difference was the kicker in this game and a great kicker and a, and a wash Kicker. And, and what's his name?


The other Wilson for the Steelers that, that interception he had Yeah. Was just man football. Yeah. He Just, just took it Away. He took it, he literally took it away. And that was a, that was a huge pivotal play. And yeah, I, I think both these teams are very good. But I like the Steelers. I think for the majority of this season we've been playing this game in our head where like, the Steelers are good, but how good, why, why aren't they in the, in the category with everyone else when it comes to their defense? They are, they're, their defense has always been good. Yeah. Like this modern era of the Steelers. They've always had a dominant defense, but then they've had to like, go out there and win games on their own. Sometimes I would be concerned a little bit about Russell Wilson because it's, I mean mean he, he was great in the fourth quarter against the commanders, but he wasn't great like the first three quarters.


Yeah. And then this game, are we getting back to like Russell Wilson just throwing check downs and, and being a little, you know, when he's under pressure, he doesn't have the mobility that he once had. I'm Gonna talk it up to just going against the Ravens. Okay. Just the Ravens didn't want to give up anything big that Didn't, that interception that Arthur Smith's face during that interception was perfect. I mean, 'cause everyone was like, what are you doing? Russell Wilson had the largest target maybe in the NFL. Yeah. The largest pass catching Target. And he just air mailed it by about, well it really wasn't that high of a throw. I would like to see Washington to try to jump up in the air. Agreed. He should have played defense on it, but it was more time and place. It's a 1510 game. Yeah. If you get a field goal, you're up eight and you just like, the one thing you can't do is throw an interception.


And then we also had, unfortunately for Justin Fields, his, it didn't, well fortunately it didn't matter, but his one big play was actually a really smart, well-designed QB run by Arthur Smith to try to win the game late and get that first down. And he slid like a full yard and a half short. And then he gave, he gave like the first down signal because he didn't know where the sticks were. That was bad. And then they zoomed in on his face for about 15 seconds on the, I feel like that's most of the camera time that Justin Fields gets is right after a boneheaded mistake where they just show him staring off into the distance like he's in Vietnam. Yeah. And it just zooms in on him and he just looks upset. We also had, we get this every week, George Pickens temporarily goes insane during a game.


They were actually, I got two of 'em. I got two of 'em this week. So this is why we've said George Pickens is a must watch player. Yes. There needs to be an all 22 of just George pick an all one of just George Pickens every single play. The first one was early in the first quarter, he caught a pass. It was first and 10 goes outta bounds after two yards and then makes the first down sign in the defensive back space. There was that. And then at one point he caught a pass and then he just started walking off the field. Like, like when Forrest Gump just ran through the end zone into the tunnel. He was just walking down the field to nowhere. Yep. And Tomlin had to pull him off the field and explain to him, Hey, the game's still going off.


Yeah. It's not half, he's just kept on walking. It's not halftime yet, George. Yeah. But I just, I love watching this guy. Yeah. I can't get enough Of him. It's so much fun. Yeah, he's, he's the absolute best. Okay. So yeah, the Steelers, or sorry, the Ravens chances to win the North went down to 37% with this loss. And the Steelers. Steelers do have a tough schedule, but Browns Yeah. Yeah. The, the ultimate Tomlin trap game if the, let's play whose lines anyway. If it's been released on DraftKings, the Browns are the bet on Thursday night. Yes. 'cause the Steelers are coming off. I mean it's just, Mike Tomlin is a dog all day, every day. And then they're gonna go to Cleveland. Whose line is it anyway? Four signed by DraftKings. I think Four Steelers minus three and a half.


It's At Cleveland. At Cleveland. It is Steelers minus five and a half. Whoa. Okay. Browns. Yeah. Love it. Browns gimme the Browns all day. Browns. There's no reason for it. But Jameis primetime Steelers looking ahead. Yeah. Feeling good about themselves. Road favorite. Yep. Almost a touchdown. Yep. Yeah. You lot's gonna be drunk as fuck. Yeah. That's Browns. This is a muni lot legacy game. You like that Hank? That's Browns. I do. That's Browns and the under And the under A c North divisional games. These two, the the, these teams know how to play well except for Ravens Bengals. Yeah. Literally like 150 points between the two of them.


Both games. Jamar Chase, I think Jamar Chase by himself hit every over True end of the season. End Of the season. And not Ravens Bengals. Well, no, now we're in the, those games are Gone. Those were in the early in the season. Yeah. Got it. It Was last week. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. This is the end of the season. This was Week one. This is week one of the a FC North unders. Yes. I like that. That's smart. Hank as wanna know as a man with championship. Yeah. Wanna know as a man with championship pedigree, can you tell me when good teams should say that they start paying attention to football? I mean, you're always paying attention, but you're not really. It's, it's, it's the playoffs. This is, this is playoffs.


This The time The Playoffs. Would you say December even? Yeah, late November, December. Okay. Thanksgiving. I, Big Cat made a comment and we'll probably get to it last week. That kind of stuck with me when it was like, it's not even No, it's not even Thanksgiving. Yeah. And the season's over. Yeah. And it's the opposite for good teams where it's Thanksgiving is when, when the season starts, it's really time to lock in and the season starts. But they also did make Thanksgiving extra late this year. It's the latest It can possibly be at Late. Is it on Thursday this Year? It's on a Thursday this year, but it's, it should be this week. It's the latest it can possibly be. So Yeah, it kinda fucks everything up. Yeah. Yeah. It should. Yeah. It should have been. It should be like in four days. Instead it's in whatever, 10 days. I Also have a real problem with the schedule makers because we've got six buys next week.


Yeah. Then we have no buys. Well they have no buys because Thanksgiving you gotta play on Thanksgiving. Yeah. It's late. And then after Thanksgiving we go back to six buys again. Yeah. Don't like it. I actually do like the six buys just 'cause it's less games to like, I wanna be able to, you get through all the buys and you get to the other side and it's like you have buys because there's just a bunch of teams that are so bad you don't have to pay Attention to 'em. They should be able to do flex scheduling, but with buys They should be able to just, teams should be able to say, we're done. Opt out. Yeah, we're done for the year. Like there are definitely teams where if they said, Hey, we're done for the year, you're gonna pay all the players, that's fine. But we're done for the year, it'd be fine. Be fine by me. Okay. Next game.


The reason the Sickos and perverts are tuning in Packers 20, Bears 19. I got fully baited. I got fully drawn back in, thought the Bears were gonna win this game. Really thought the Bears were gonna win this game. Matt La Flore goes to 11 and oh against the Chicago Bears. We haven't beaten them since 2018. I got completely baited. So I I went back a little bit further than that Big Cat. Oh, it's like 52 and 14 or something. I went to in the Fav Rogers Love. Yeah. Since 92 in The Fav Rogers Love, Willis Love era. The Packers are 51 15 Flynn Flynn 51 and 15.


Matt Flynn Is the actual record. Yeah. 50. Yeah. I mean it's, we can't beat them. And this is a game. We should have beaten them And we played better than them. And it doesn't matter. Can I Is we have a stupid fucking head coach. There was a guy who wanted me to apologize to Matt Iber flu halfway through this game. Matt Iber flu is now 14 and 30 as a head coach. He's five and 17 in one score games. He's five and 17 in one score games. And I want a little credit. Shane Waldron being the worst coach of all time. That actually turned out to be true. Yeah. The offense Looked pretty good today. It Looked significantly better. They, they basically were like, Caleb, get the ball out fast. We're gonna try to run the ball. They called even amount of runs and passes. K got the ball out of his hands in 2.3 seconds.


Average. He was decisive. He on third and fourth downs, he was 10 for 12 for 112 yards passing and 40 yards. Yeah. 40 yards rushing. He got ten first downs on those plays. Like even the end of the game, third and 19, like the Bears played well offensively all game. Then you get to the, the last two minutes it's like, all right, he's gotta go on a drive and they re re they reverted back to the Bears of the last three weeks. Sack sack. And then Kale gets him out of it. He's now in the last four weeks, he's gone on two game-winning drives that Matt IFU is fucked up. Yeah. I think if you're, if you're a Bears fan, don't let the fact that you had a game-winning field goal distract you from the fact that Caleb should have been sacked on that play that he got out of Yes.


And, and converted a miracle. First down. It's Just the fact that it's the Packers that's the part that really kills because it's, it's, I'm I'm not stupid to to think that this team is a playoff team and in reality, I don't even like Maddi Fu is such a bad head coach. I don't want to keep this going for much longer. But the Packers, like, you can't, we can't beat the Packers. They have Voodoo Magic or Matt La Fors 11 and oh, you have Kle Williams get him to field goal range and then all the quotes afterwards, just outcoached again. Rich Bace who we like said in the team meetings on Saturday night, he said that he would be shocked.


He wouldn't understand if they came out of the game today without a blocked field goal or extra point. And the Packers also said that in the last seconds of the game, several players, this is from Kalin Kaler, she said just talk to several players in the Packers field goal block unit. And all of them said they noticed that Kairo Santos kicked with a low trajectory when doing film study and they expected the Bears to run another play. Which in their opinion would've made it more difficult to block. Well yeah. If they had run it. That's, that's the question is why did the Bears just agree to a a 46 yard field Goal? Because we have a coach that's five and 17 and one score games. And he also, he's, he's coaching like a guy who has like a 10 year contract. Yeah. He's coaching. Like he shouldn't push the buttons to be like, Hey, you're a four and five, five team now four and six.


That is spiraling outta control. You finally have a, a solid effort from offense. And you know, the defense got gased on some big plays. We can get to that. But you're, you finally are in a, a spot to win a game. And not only do you not run an extra play when you have a timeout in your back pocket to try to get closer, but in the drive before that it's, it's fourth and three on the 50 yard line. Try to win the game right there. Like try to win the game right there. Yeah. I don't know. There's four minutes left. Just go win the game. Yeah, You're right about him coaching. Like he has job he needs to coach Scared. He's not scared. No, He, he, he, he, he coaches like extra scared though.


Yeah. But no, he needs to, he needs to have not going forward on that fourth and three. Right. He's the opposite of Dan Campbell. He's the exact opposite of Dan Campbell. It's like he's, he's NAD Campbell. It's so fucking frustrating. And at this point, so the part that really hurts is the Packers because we can't beat the Packers And we finally we're gonna beat the Packers and then of course we get a, a field goal blocked, by the way, I I thought you couldn't touch the center when he had his head down Snapper. So I was gonna give you opium because I I've got the screenshots and I looked at 'em. Oh yeah. The People who are complaining about a no call on that. You're actually right. They, they bowled over the long snapper on that last Yeah. I'm not gonna complain. Because it's like I, the Bears are the Bears and they're, this is just, it was just bound to happen.


I, I can't believe I fell for it. I can't believe I thought we were actually gonna hit that field goal. But at this point in the season, like if we had won this game five and five, oh shit, we might be back in it. Like I'd start thinking at this point, it's like, it makes it pretty cut and dry. Just salvage kbs rookie season more days like today and make sure that you lose enough games that Matt Ebra Fools is gone. Yeah. So this, that's it. This might've been the perfect result then, But it's still the Packers. Packers. That's the part that hurts. If it was anyone else, yeah. I would've been like, I could've, I could've, if it was the Vikings, if it was any other team, I could have twisted myself and been like, you know what, that was actually a good loss. The fact that it was the Packers and Packers fans are gonna go away being like, oh, we're so much better than the Bears.


And yeah, I know they are, but like they're Jordan Love. It's during the interception every fucking game. I got a question for you though. When, when it comes to the low kick trajectory thing Yeah. That's not really a coaching point. Kairo Santos has to kick with a low trajectory. 'cause he doesn't, he's got a very accurate leg. He's a good kicker. Correct. But he doesn't have the biggest leg of the world. Like he, he has a 2009 leg where 56 yards an end. You can probably count on him to get it there, but he's not gonna set any records. So to kick it that distance you have to have lower Traject trajectory than most other kickers do. But that's why you go get more yards. That's why you get more yards. That's the whole, that was what the Packers were saying. Yeah. They were surprised they didn't run another play. Yeah.


That's the coaching part had time out. That's the coaching part where he had a timeout. Yeah. And the Packers are like, they're gonna run another play because they know what, we know that he has a low trajectory and there's, but no, he's, it's just, it's so frustrating because it's the Packers. That's the part that kills me. 'cause I fucking hate the Packers and all they do is beat the fuck out of us time and time again. And it was gonna be so big that like Kale Williams beat the Packers first start against the Packers and everything was gonna be good for a week until we played the Vikings and then the Lions on Thanksgiving. But I was gonna have one week where everything was good and I, I, I thought about it and I believed it and I thought it was gonna happen and then it just didn't happen. And we're back to there.


It's frustrating. You would've had such a good night's sleep Or had such a good night's sleep. Post wind sleep is so good. DJ Moore's back. Shane Waldron caused all his problems too. Yeah. DJ Moore, he looks great. Four receivers over 40 yards. The, The great part about what they did with DJ Moore was they got him the ball early. So they're like, we're not gonna let this guy have time to get upset at the quarterback. Shane Waldron was the worst coach of all time. You can't tell me differently. And that is also on the, that's on the head of Matt Ebert flu that's on the head of Ryan Polls. The fact that Shane Waldron was hired as just an abomination. Like I the Bears looked so dead the last three games. And to have an offense that was actually functional this week just is such an indictment on Shane Waldron being the offensive coordinator for a rookie quarterback. Yeah. They Looked great.


The, the offense looked really, really good this week. They Still didn't get, I mean we, I wish we had scored a couple touchdowns and then of, of course J Jordan Love, he just, no matter what, like two or three times a game, he's just gonna throw a deep bomb to Christian Watson and it's gonna work. And I knew it was gonna work and I knew and like, there's nothing you can do about it. Yeah. I hate that. It's like When Josh rolls out to the sidelines and he's going to his right, you know that he's about to do something crazy and unspeakable to a defense. That's what it's like when Jordan Love starts backpedaling. Yeah. Like, here it comes. God damnit just fucking Well Win win win that Game. Is it week 17? I don't even know. I think it's week 18 that we play 18.


So last game of the season. And It's just the fact that like the two, now I'm gonna play the game where it's like if Matt Eber flu plays sideline defense against the commanders on the play before the Hail Mary, and if he runs another play or two in this game, the Bears could be sitting at six and four and and I'd be thinking Yas and the Hunt and I'd be thinking, holy shit, everything looks different. And it'd be like, oh, Caleb Williams has gone on two game-winning drives and Yeah, it's been bad at times. I'm not, I I I've never said I was giving up on Caleb Williams. I I still think that the, whoever they hire as the next coach will be very, very important. But this was a good day for him and I I it was good to bounce it back. He addressed the whole team and apologized to them for his part in getting Shane Waldron fired.


He should have actually been like, you guys should thank me. Yeah. Because Shane Waldron never should have had a job. I've got the schedule right here. You do have the Packers week 18. Yeah. Last game of the season. I know the schedule. You could, you could play spoiler. Yeah. And that would be a great win. That would, if you go into Lambo and then the next day, if they don't fire Ebra flues the day after that, then that would be literally your January 6th. Yeah. Storm house. Yeah. No, we would, we'd have to, we'd have no other choice. A little dust up as Jack til Rio said, Hank, do you have any questions that are gonna put me in a bind and, and and you know, make me talk outta both sides of my mouth. You're really good at that. What? No. Usually ask a question and then I give an answer and then the people are like, well you said this and now you're saying this.


And I get, you know, I'm an, I'm an emotional wreck. I just, I mean the, and then the Badgers on Saturday night. That was devastating. Don't smile at me like that Max. I would just like to point out Yeah, you went like this. I would just like to point out that on Well I was Agreeing with you. That was a tough loss. I was rooting for the Badgers On on Friday's. Same on Friday's show. It was brought up that if the Bears look good against the Packers, you might be like Bears are all the way back during the game. Did you think that the Bears Were back at the game? I said Bears might. I think I tweeted exactly. Bears might be back. Situation remains fluid. Okay. They had to win the game. Caleb looks confident Today was a positive day for I understand, but it's the Packers. But who cares if it was a I do.


What do you mean it was the Pack Max? I agree with you. Everything you're saying is correct, but it's the Packers. We can't beat the Packers. Matt La Flores literally never lost to the Bears. It's insane. It's like the, the beating just won't stop. It just happens every year like clockwork. So it was any other team, if this was a game against fucking the 49 ERs, I would've been like, you know what, rookie quarterback we're still working on things next year's, the year. That was great performance by Kale Williams. But it's the Packers And we had the game. We had it That that field goal was never going in. It was never going in. If he didn't block it, if they didn't make it, if they didn't, if they didn't assault the long snapper, you don't Even know that.


It might, it might be a good thing it got blocked. There's worst ways to to lose a game on team. He easily could Have just missed it. It Was going in, it was going in don't. It was going in. You don't miss k Williams looked really good. This, this is a good day for Bears Fans has to be a good day for Bears fans. We lost to the Packers. That's crazy. Max. That's not Did you would if you, if rolls were revers crazy, it was the Cowboys for you and you were going through the same thing Also. Matt Iber flu. Fuck you dude. He said tough times don't last tough people do. First of all, you're not gonna last buddy. He has no, second of all tough times do last. What was the stat? It was going back to 55 and 15. It was going back to 1992. The start of Brett Fre of 51 15.


That's Literally tough times lasting. That's long time tough times. Literally do not stop. It is just tough times. I just saw the replay of the attempted field goal that was gonna go in. Yeah, it was, that was gonna go in. We've beaten the Packers like, like three times in the last 10 years. Alright, so can I just confess that while watching the game, I wanted the Bears to win. I wanted that field gold to go in. I wanted Big Cat to be happy. However, during the setup, I thought, how fucking funny would this be If it double ded, that would've been funny. There's worse ways to lose. I Mean yeah, it would've been funny for a lot of people. Yeah. I'm still rooting for the rollercoaster. So I was really, really hoping that the, That that was gonna be all the way back in. Yeah. Also That, that was the worst over game to have in the history of over games.


Yeah. You needed two points and they stopped at the goal line twice. Two point conversion missed twice. And the block field goal, it was the worst over game. Yeah. Defenses played well in that goal line saying they just couldn't stop the long, you know, passes. It was just Jordan Love would just rip a 60 yarder. Right. So Hank do you have any last questions that, that will twist me up And we will end up being in the rollercoaster reel at the end of the year? No, I felt bad. I was, I was looking at the game, looking at the record and I was like, if the Bears win this game, the records are gonna be, you know, one game apart. They could be better than the Packers. You know, not the last team in the NFC North. Yeah. But it, I'll I'll say this, max, you're, you're wrong on the take that it was a good day for the Bears. It was not 'cause we lost the Packers. The one positive out of this is the rest of the season is as clear as it could possibly be.


Just have Caleb Williams be good and not regress and not look like last three weeks. Kle Williams looked like this Sunday Kle Williams and get Matt IFU fired. That's it. That's it. Those are the only two object objectives at the end, at the rest of the season. That's it. There's nothing else that matters. He Looked good though. Caleb winning And losing, Which is a good thing. Does not matter. 'cause we know Matt Abra flu if given the chance to win, he will choose the loss every time. Max is confusing seeing good signs with having a good Day. And it also is against the Packers. He's just completely like, he's pretending like he doesn't become a nervous wreck when he plays the Cowboys. Yeah, I get it. I get it. But the Bears are never doing anything this year.


And Caleb Williams looked good and you don't have to freak Out it, they win that game. And I No, I I'm looking the schedule is No, it's, it's The gauntlet of all politics. Ridiculous. Yeah. No, I, it's, it's why the last three weeks I've been as emotional as I've been because the schedule was gonna be a disaster. Alright. Another positive. We don't Thanksgiving, That's gonna be, we're gonna get fucking smoked on Thanksgiving. Holy shit. But imagine if You don't gonna suck. Imagine if you don't. That would be fun. If you don't that would be fun. I'll, I'll agree with you guys. That'd be fun. Yeah. Another positive thing. The offensive line looked good. Yeah. Because they actually ran the ball and they actually got the ball out fast. It turns out if you don't make Caleb Williams go through five progressions and also you tell Caleb Williams, Hey, just fucking throw it underneath.


If if a guy's open Yeah, things can work. Who is that? Who's the, you play to your strengths. Who's your tackle? That that laid that block? Brax Braxton Jones. He's awesome. Dude. Is a road greet. Yeah. Yeah. Where has that been? Offensive lineman have to be so pissed off at Shane Waldron too. Be Yeah, because they're, they're not being asked to block for a million seconds anymore. Yeah. Where like the route trees don't make sense and no one's open. Like it was very clear that they were like, Caleb, throw the ball when a guy's open and just get the ball outta your hands. And when you do that, your offensive line can look good. And also if you don't see anybody open, just run The Packers fucking stink. I'm they, they stink. Okay. They're not winning shit this year. They aren't. You guys agree?


Don't think they're gonna win the Super Bowl. They're not winning. Shit. Jordan Love just throws piss. You probably Would've said the same thing about the What? Like Last year at this time. They ain't winning shit. They stink. Josh. Jacob's pretty good. Jordan loves not fully healthy. He's fucking healthy. He's healthy. He throws, if he's throwing a pick, he's healthy. That's Jordan Love. They Have a kicker now He throws picks. That's what he does. Okay. Rams 28 Patriots. 22 Henry. Yeah. Drake may look good. Drake may look good. Bad interception at the end. Last play of the game. That might've been on the receiver Too. Yeah, it was a weird ride.


It looked like he was wide open. Miscommunication kind of what I thought might happen where Stafford picked apart the defense that kind of did whatever they wanted, threw four touchdowns. Drake may look good. Exciting loss. Exciting loss. Exciting. I love that You're excited. Look at you. It was a fun, it was fun game to watch. And again, like going into the season, I wasn't expecting to go into the Sundays expecting to win. I'm not super disappointed that they lost. But Drake may look good. It was a fun game to watch. He had a bad fumble. He did very Bad. Well was that he was, you know, his hands moving forward. It was kind of like a tuck rule situation. Small Hands. You basically watched my game except the you weren't playing a rival.


Yeah. Who beat your Brains up. And we also weren't going into the, you know, season being like trick May as you know, the best talent. Okay. All and this is gonna be a huge year, Yas, et cetera. Right. But yeah, Similar. You didn't wanna play him at all this year? No. That was a mistake. I don't, I don't know. I don't know If we're just Yeah, we're just, we'll get to the're. Just, if we're just doing like takes from August, we can, we could go take for take Band for band. Yeah. We go band for band. I got, I don't wanna look in the past though. Yeah, no, me neither. Yeah. Drake mate. He was like under a lot of pressure and he looked good. He had a couple like, you know, blitz coming at him, guys running at him full speed. Still throwing it, making completions, driving the ball down the field.


Another like five drops from receivers. Yeah. Every time I see Booty he's dropping a ball. Yeah. No, there's a, there's Pat needs some help on the receiving side. They do. Is that the draft or free agency? Probably the draft. I would be scared if I were you about the Patriots drafting receivers. I feel like it never works Out, but we never draft receivers. Like we're gonna in theory have a chance at like the best receiver. Yeah. But you guys have tried to draft good receivers before. Right? And they just end up not being good under you should draft, But we don't draft. We, we've never had a chance at drafting like the best receiver in the draft we draft. Are you saying the best receiver or the best cornerback? Maybe both. Oh, Travis Hunter. Oh good. Good point.


But, or, or this guy from Arizona. Yeah. Yeah. But Travis Hunter would be the best of both. Yeah. Get two players. So the Rams, they needed this win bad and they also, they started slow again. Yeah. Like they, they are being outscored by 50 points in the first quarter this year, which is leads the NFLI still don't really know what to make of the NFC West other than the only team I trust is the Arizona Cardinals. Maybe maybe trust the Cardinals. I don't know. I I feel Like the why not at, at Their best, the Rams are better than the Cardinals I think, but at their best the Niners are better than the Cardinals, but neither team is ever at their best. The Cardinals killed the Rams. I know.


Like Obliterating. I know, but I, I don't know, I I don't think that I trust the Cardinals either. I think I trust them more than, than the Rams at this point. And maybe the 49 ERs. I might just be all in on the Cardinals. I think I just love Cooper Cup and pka Nku. Yeah. No, they're awesome. I mean, Cooper Cup, that was his beard. There was no one around him. No. That was like the easiest touchdown of All 70 yards of all time yards. Yeah. Right down the dick. And Matt and Matthew Safford like whenever he, he, he, even though they started slow, he'll just rip a couple passes in a game where you're like, holy fuck, no one else can make that pass. Yeah. Like the PCA Nacu touchdown was insane. We're gonna say is the Rams pinky team or Falcon's Pinky team? The Rams are the pinky team. Ram are the Pinky team. You're good. Good. So yeah, I mean I, I think the Cardinals the best team in the West right now.


I mean, right now, I don't know. I just, I like the Rams. I, I expected the Rams to win this game. I, they just started really slow again and I was like, what's going on? And they also didn't really have that. Like they let the Patriots kind of hang around as well. Maybe the Patriots are just better than I think. I think the Patriots are good. Like I think they've turned the corner. Yeah. They're they're, they're now in like a frisky Spoiler role. The post mutiny Drake May era is feels different. Yeah. It does feel different. It feels real different. Guys are excited. He's giving speeches, Big speeches. Everyone's fired up. We'll see how, how his speeches this Week. Yeah. I mean that fumble, that fumble was basically an instant touchdown. They lost by six points. Like, you know, a couple of mistakes here.


A couple mistakes there that could have won that game. I did look up his hand size because I was like, is this a, is this a cold weather? November December type fumble? I forgot he only has nine in an eighth inch hands. Oh no. That's why the ball looks so heavy. Who told us that? Somebody said Oh Yeah, there was a Heavy ball's one The band for bands Analysis. Yeah. This ity drafted him. But yeah. Hank I wasn't pissed. Yeah, you were mad. No false. I think you wanna trade back and get like Joe Walt, I wanted Jaden Daniels, but Yeah, that would've been a good pick. Yeah. Hank, you're so are you, are you now, are you tanking or spoiling? This is a very important spot.


I'm, I am exactly in this, gonna be in this spot every Sunday where I don't wanna root for the Patriots to lose. I'm not gonna say let's tank. 'cause who knows with the draft, I don't have experience in the draft game. It's not a sure thing. I'll be rooting for the Patriots to win games as I was today. If they lose, I will instantly be like, that's good. Good draft position. Yeah. Welcome to our our this side of the table. I don't want to tank. Yeah. I's been every wanna spoil. I wanna spoil. I would, I would prefer to spoil. It's be It's it's between the white lines. Yeah. It's every spoil every week you're, we're tanking. You're like, I don't care if we win this game. Then the game starts and you're like, I wanna win this game. Then you lose and the game ends. You're like, that was good. Yeah. Yeah. And then, and then after you, if you happen to win a game on Sunday, you feel good about it for like 30 minutes and then you're like, ah, fuck.


Well That was pointless. Yeah. Then you go to tanka thon. Yeah. It's, It's post wind clarity. Yeah. I'm basically back in that spot. Yeah. Let's spoil, Let's, let's start spoiling. I mean the the, you got two opportunities to spoil something for the bills. Oh, that would be, oh man. Now I'm getting, I'm thinking about how I can get my revenge. What if the Bears and the Patriots end up with the same record, but because they beat us, we get a higher pick and that guy becomes a hall of famer. That'd be nice. That's some, some serious cope. That would be nice. Learn How to cope buddy that Yeah. Learn cope. I got, I got a lot more of that where it came from just twisting my brain around trying to find wins where there's losses. 'cause there's nothing but losses.


I don't see it as a competition. I want all our, all our guys to do. Well, No you don't. That's a fucking lie. No, it is. That's such a lie. Want you want the Eagles to do well, No, our ours and our guys, our quarterbacks. Oh, Okay. But you don't want the Eagles, you don't want yelling her to do. Well no, you don't want the Jets To do well. So, but r you mean God No, you mean this room? You want the NFC brothers? Well, no, not, yeah, Just this Our guys, Our guys, our guys. Our guys. Yeah. Our three guys. This room. You all took the wrong guy, but we'll get to that later. What? Oh, Bo Nicks. Yeah, that's true. Believer. We are, I am a believer. Yeah. You're you're not wrong. Bo lever. Bo Ns is, he's incredible. Hank, I I do have a question for you.


Yes. Did you find out who the keeper of the Light was? No. I'm so, I'm, I'm, I'm, how Have you not been able to get this Fact? There's something screw going On. I texted one person, they didn't answer Me. Yeah. Because they, they haven't publicized this information. They did no press about it. It's not on the website. I think either they didn't have a keeper of the light or they're embarrassed about who the keeper of the light was. I'm, I'm still on it. I'll get it by the, of the show. Maybe. It is funny when you go to the Gillette Stadium website and you could look through the pictures. There's, there's one of Hank took a screenshot of it. That's awesome. Yeah. Oh man. We need to find this Hank. I'm on it. Okay. All right. Next game, Saints 35 Browns 14 Tso Hill back and Darren Rizzie, he's got the Izzy Juice.


Yeah. Guys, two and oh, first head coach or only other head coach to go two and oh, for the Saints to start their career as Sean. Peyton. I still can't believe, I mean there's a lot of Darren Zi left, but Darren Zi did interview for the job that Dennis Allen ended up getting the eight and 28 man. Dennis Allen. But yeah, the ri the Rizzi juice, like he has like high, he has celebrations and handshakes with all his players. The guy just hasn't pumped up. Yeah. They play hard. And Tasso Hill had a stat line that has never been done before in the NFL today. It was just, they built the entire team out of Tasso and they say, okay, you go ahead and you do your weird thing where you just run people over, you catch passes, you return kicks, you throw interceptions.


What, he have three touchdowns. He Had, he had 107 rushes, 138 yards, three touchdowns, eight catches for 50 yards. And he threw an interception. He did the Jimmy V. Like, you gotta laugh, you gotta cry, you gotta, you know, do something for someone or whatever not. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta do it all. And now that will be a full day. TSO Hill was everything in this game. And the, the Browns defense was, I, I don't know what happened, but they were the arm tackle Kings today. They just tried to just swipe at Tso Hill, who's an absolute lo load and they look so bad. And Jamis didn't even play bad. Like he, I mean, he didn't, obviously they didn't win and they could have scored more points, but like, he didn't have any terrible jamis interceptions.


He's so much fun to watch because every snap for Jamis is either a deep ball or it's like a, it's like a, a fire alarm drill inside the pocket. Yeah. Where he's just like running around and, and doing this. The high knees and everything. His, His touchdown pass that he had early in the game to the back corner of the end zone was an awesome throw. Then he had another to, I think it was Jerry Judy. Yeah. Where Jerry Judy did most of the work. But it's, it's cool to see the Browns functioning as like, you know, a reasonable offense in the NFL. Yeah. I'm not gonna say that they're a good offense right now, but it, they do look qualified to be playing football on Sundays. He threw 3 95 in two touchdowns. Yeah. And it's just the, the, the Browns defense was atrocious today.


Yeah. Tasso Hill. I don't know what it almost looked like they were, it, it, it looked like at points like Tso Hill, you know, when we always see those, we'll see like a random clip from like a Pop Warner game where there's one one 8-year-old who's somehow six two, like 220 and everyone's just bouncing off 'em. That's what the Browns look like against Tasso Hill. Yeah. You have to bring at least three guys to bring him down. Yeah. And when he gets ahead of steam, he might even just run through three guys. Yeah. It was crazy. I would like to see Tasso Hill get an entire season starting at quarterback. Remember that one game when Troy Aman was just like, he's, he's way better than Drew Brees. Yeah. He kind of was at that point in Drew Bree's career.


They Called him a poor man's Lamar Jackson at one point too. Yeah, He is. What for? Yeah. I mean his, his drawing's not great, but he can, he can run the rock. Yeah. I can't wait to see what the Pope tweets about this game. Have you been following that? Yeah, he is been doing the hashtag Saints Hashtag Saints. Yeah. All the time. Also The Browns. Dustin Hopkins is terrible. Yeah. So are kickers shittier than they've ever been in the NFL. It's, yeah. It seems like it. They've gone that way also. One through seven. We were like, the kickers are too good now. Kickers just suck. Yeah. Darren Rizzie also might just have great field goal defense because it happened last week with Young Hoku. Yep. Something about Rizzie Rizzie Magic. He's got a missing in everything.


But Dust Hopkins missed two field goals, but really three. 'cause there was a penalty and it, he missed like a 27 yarder. Yeah. Chip shot. Terrible. Well, you can say Make the goalpost wider. I got the keepers of the light. Oh, you do? Oh, It was families of the tragedy assistance program for survivors. Oh. For a salute to service. Okay. Oh cool. That's great. Salute to service. Salute to service. Shout to them. Maybe put out a tweet with them, maybe publicize a little bit. Yeah. Is Darren Izzy gonna get this head coaching job? I don't think so. What if he fucks around and does, I mean, that'd be great, but I, I almost would prefer to have a black magic guy like Darren Rizzie in your back pocket as an interim head coach in case you need him. But here's the question.


So the Saints are in cap. Hell, the Saint's roster is a mess. What guy? I know everyone, like, there's only 32 jobs. So there will always be someone who wants the job, but it's not gonna be the top job that people are looking for. Could it just be Darren Rizzie? If you, if you're looking for a guy to manage your way through Cap Hell and to win some games that you probably shouldn't win, but also cap out at like six wins a season. Get The boys to fight hard for you, Then he, he would be your guy. Right? You could do worse. You could do Dennis Allen. Yeah. Bring him back. Dennis Allen. They literally were like, oh, you, oh, you've, you've coached before you were eight and 28.


Do, do you think? Yeah, let's do it. Do you think Dennis Allen is still rooting for the Saints? No, I don't think, I, I don't even think Dennis Allen's watching football. He's prob he probably watches football like my five-year-old watches football. He is just watching and being like, what does that mean? What is a first down? He might hate football too. Yeah. Because he associates it with so, so many bad memories of losing games. Yeah. He's like, oh, that's a game I would lose. Did he only, he can, you know how like, they're like, representation matters. You need to, you know, you need to see yourself on the screen in movies and stuff. Dennis Allen every game, no matter what the game, he just sees himself as a losing head coach. Yeah. Even when it's the Saints, he's like, oh man, I feel bad For that Guy.


I feel bad for Kevin Stefanski right now. Yeah, that's, that's that would be me right now. That sucks. It's like, ah, no, Dennis, you were coaching the Saints, the team that won that game. He's like, yeah, but it still would've been me. I Gotta know if, if the originator clogged a toilet before the game. Yeah. He should just say that. He did. Yeah. What does it matter? Although then someone would investigate and be like, he actually didn't And that would be a, a big To-do. That would be a to-do. Yeah. Yeah. He, but he does look like a man that could clog a toilet with his piss. Yeah. He's, did you see his celebration with one of the guys? Yeah. He's the best. Yeah, he's great. He's, I thought the interim juice, I was wrong about this game. I thought the Browns were gonna win this game. 'cause I, I thought it was just going to, you know, be gone after a game. But I think, I think Rizzie might have enough juice to have it.


Like they might finish. I wouldn't be shocked if he wins a few more games down the stretch. Yeah. Be, I mean, I, I'm gonna root for the Saints fans because they're, they're one of the coolest fan bases in the NFL and they Also have to deal with Brian Kelly right now. Yeah. So ultimately I think where I'm at is where Hank is at with the Patriots. Monday through Friday. I want the Saints to lose. And then on Sunday when I'm watching them, I want them to win. Yeah. Yeah. For their own Goodness. That Feels good. That feels good. Okay. You wanna do a couple ads and then we'll get to another game that Sickos and Perverts want to hear about memes? Let's do a couple ads and we'll get to that one


Before we get to the rest of the games. They're brought to you by Gametime Henry? Yes. Can you bring up the Monday night game in Dallas? Sure can. I wanna see what those tickets are going for right now. 'cause with Gametime you can get into all the games for the best deals, best prices. They've got the Gametime Picks feature that you can select and you can find the best deals going right now for any sporting event that you want tickets to. It's football season. And if you're looking to get out to some games this fall, use Gametime. They are the official ticketing partner of Bar Stool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime And with their brand new Gametime picks feature, they're making it easier than ever to get to a game. They filter out all the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Hank, do you have those tickets? There Are tickets you can get in the building for under a hundred dollars. I'm seeing 58. I'm mc and 60 and I'm looking at a super deal right now. That's two 15, row 14 for 190. So Go for it. And it's a night game. Yeah. So the sun won't be in your eyes. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? Gametime?


These games are also brought to you by our great friends over at Uber Eats, where you can order almost anything. Download Uber Eats today. It's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Enjoy. Buy one, get one free famous bowls from KFC only on Uber Eats craving even more. They've got you covered. Game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more all season long. Uber Eats official on-demand food delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and taxes and fees apply. See the app for details.


Okay. Colts 28. Jets 27 Shouted with Anthony Richardson. He played well today. The Jets made him look good. He, he maybe the time on the bench helped. I also feel like Shane Steichen did a a lot better of job of like playing to his strengths. A lot more designed runs. Yep. He threw the ball. Well still a couple inaccurate passes, but doesn't matter. He like two big drives in the fourth quarter. Two rushing touchdowns. Yeah. Like this was a good day for Anthony Richardson. I have a, a radical suggestion for the Colts. Yeah. You know how we talk about going to QB system. Yeah. Why not just have Joe Flaco be your quarterback until you get to the red zone.


Mm. And then put Anthony Richardson in. But Anthony Richardson was throwing, he's throwing deep balls too today. Yeah, He does. He does. Air it out. He was nine for 12. 185 yards on on passes. 10 10 plus yards. Yeah. He looked good against the V Jets defense. I, listen, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna take anything away from Anthony Richardson. He's had a a tough, tough go of it this year, especially with the last few weeks coming outta the game then getting benched. I thought that was a win for, I mean it was a win for the Colts, but it was a win for Anthony Richardson. And they're weird. They're still in the playoff hunt. Yeah. With Anthony Richardson. No, I I didn't mean that as a slight against Anthony. I admit that as a slight towards the Jets Defense. Yes. No, no. The Jets defense is atrocious.


I have, I have a stat for you. Zach Wilson era for the New York Jets winning percentage. 3 6 4. Aaron Rogers. Way better than that. Sam Darnold winning percentage for the Jets. 3 4 2. Aaron Rogers winning percentage with the Jets. 2 7 3. They all had seasons. Seasons multiple seasons. But if you, if Aaron Rogers has multiple seasons at 2 7 3, it might actually get worse Or it could get better if they just never lose next year. Oh, That's a good point. I don't need to be on the team next year. Yeah. So next year, is he gonna be on the team next year?


I Don't think so. I saw a couple reports that even if he wants to play Oh, they're gonna say no. Yeah. Where'd you see those reports? I believe it was Connor Hughes. Okay. Okay. Sounds like a sini. No, he works for SMY. Okay. Yeah. 'cause I, I, that's Interesting. I did read her article and she said that he, they might not want her back. Yeah. No, she didn't credit her when she delivers good news. Bye. Is that good news? I don't pay for that. Is that good or bad news? What if he doesn't, if they don't want him back? I Dunno. The light, the future is not right. What, so What Roger say when they asked him? He said I think so. Yeah, that's A, I mean that's a good answer. He wants to come back.


Did you cheer like the crowd cheered when the Jets got their first, first down in the two minute, under the two minute warning in the first half? Yeah. I, I was fired Up. Okay. What about when Aaron Rogers instead of throwing an interception, 'cause he wants to pat his, make sure his stats feel okay. Took a sack to end the game. Yeah, no, that entire sequence was horrible. The, the pass the lateral behind the line of scrimmage that went 20 yards backwards. Didn't know what that was. Then he threw it to the middle of the field. Just, it's just pain. I do feel bad for you memes. Oh thanks. I do. I Do too, but not really because it's Darren Rogers. If it was any other quarterback, I'd be like, although maybe I feel bad for you because I really wish this had happened with him on the Packers.


Like, this isn't really doing anything for me. It's just hurting you. I have a question for you. Memes. If you had a time machine And we sent memes back in time, like a year and a half as you're courting Aaron Rogers, what do you tell the Jets front office? Are you like screaming? Are you, are you waving your hands being like, please don't, don't sign this guy. Or do you say, yeah, let's try it and hope he doesn't tear his Achilles this time? Are you killing baby Hitler? I think so. Okay. So funny. I think so, yeah. Okay. So I think you could Say like definitively Aaron Rogers, you probably regrets going to the Jets and picking the Jets as his team.


Yeah. But Everything comes back to his Achilles. Yeah. But I'm wondering if the Jets feel the same way. Like, we really fucked up by bringing Aaron. No, everything comes back to draft and Zach Wilson. Oh, so it goes further. Yeah, it Goes further back. Alright. So, But that entire draft was terrible. So whatever quarterback you pick is just would've Sucked. So the Achilles though, that was, if the Achilles doesn't happen, do you think that all this plays out differently? Yes. 'cause you have that entire year to evaluate the Jets and how it went. Then you could evaluate Robert, how Robert Sala did with Aaron Rogers. You could evaluate how Aaron Rogers did that entire season. You could be like all He's washed. I agree with you. He could Have drafted a quarterback this year. 'cause there was fucking seven of them.


I agree with you. And also, I mean, Robert Sah obviously was a big scapegoat. The Jets defense is so bad since he's left. I know it wasn't great when he was still there, but like, Yeah, no, this season season is as soon as, as soon as they fired him the season was over. Yeah. It's Dante. Adams didn't fix anything. Hashan Reddick. I don't even know if he's still on the fucking team. Yeah. What's is he? Yeah, he is, but he just doesn't do anything. Oh Man. What About Ahmed Gardner? He's, he's having a bad year. He'll bounce back next year. Oh, Golf, Golf. Carlson might've found a kicker for the next 10 years. Oh Wow. That's huge. Memes Ripped Aaron Rogers head Off. Yeah. Oh, what'd you do with, what do you do?


And we Fat air Wait. Oh. Like Literally ripped his head off. Is he in there? Yeah. Yep. Let me, let me change the camera so that people Can see It. Oh my. Lemme see God. You ripped his head off. Yeah, I Had to cut it off. Come look out. Why'd you Do that? Oh, Means you took off the top 5% of his body. Did you, did you watch, did you watch the game here? No. In my apartment. And you were just, how, how was that going? Sad shit. It Was sad. Did the, I saw you tweet. Did the Bears in the Jets lose the exact same time? The exact Same time? We're the Same Field goal. Field goal got blocked. Aaron Rogers got sacked. Oh man. So right now at three and eight, you guys will be picking seventh.


Yeah. You can lose it. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hold on. No memes. Memes. Shut up Max. Max's the only one to won in week 11. He's loving it. Loving it. Memes. Hold on, hold on. Just hold on a second. Seahawks at home. Loss At Dolphins. Loss at Jaguars. Win. Rams Bills. Do you guys, could the table loss nine and eight. Loss. Loss. Loss. Do you think that, will they ever stop making the Jets favorites? No. There were four point favorites in this game. Are They gonna be favored against Seahawks? I don't know. Whose line is it anyway?


DraftKings. They're the way, they're The worst team that has been favored in so Many games. They can't be favored in this game. They can't be. It's gotta be Seahawks like minus two, minus three. Do they have a buy? Yes. Oh, it's a buy shit. Say alright. Probably lost a buy. Yeah, they're, they can't be favored against Seahawks. They'll be favored against the buy memes. You gotta be excited for the buy. You need a week off. Yeah. You junior your week off. You need a week off batch. What About this memes? You come back from the buy and do you want to win more games? Right. There's nothing to look forward to. No. Aaron Rods might the appointed ambassador to Costa Rica. Ooh, how about that?


That's sick. Well, I just, I mean, I just made that up, Hank. Oh yeah, I could tell. Yeah. So memes, is it hurt that this guy's sitting right here? No, the Patriots also Suck. Yeah, but They have a Don't shake your hand. The Patriots fucking suck. I mean the Have the direction of the future. Same record. So much brighter. It doesn't matter that Josh Allen is still in the division. Okay. But we suck. It does matter. Same record. Doesn't matter. Same record. And they beat you. We also beat Them. Okay. But same record. And they have a rookie quarterback. We've also beaten the bills before. We'll beat 'em again.


Hank answer this, are you in a, are you in Win now? You don't forget that Monday night football game. I don't. Would you say that the Patriots have been in Win now mode for the last two seasons? No, The opposite. In fact, Building build now. Yeah. Memes, I'm sorry to tell you. But that's, you're, you're wrong. If you think that the situations are the same right Now, no, it doesn't matter. Josh Allen. But like Drake may be No. And mini Josh Allen Based on the A FCE cycle. Josh Allen will run it for 20 years and then next team we'll get their guy. And so how much more time do we have for Josh Allen? I think 13 years. 13 more years. You, you've crunch the numbers. Yeah. So wait, then who's up after that? I think the Jets. You think it's Jets?


Turn At Dan Marino. Yeah. Okay. You Get Tom Brady. Okay, So this, okay, so start 13 Years. Start, Start tanking now for 2037. Yeah. That's not bad. 2030 seven's our year. That's a little hope. There's no hope. Maybe a Manning brother's in that draft. Maybe Archie will have a son. Yeah, yeah. Be like a manning grandson. Yeah. There's no hope. There's No hope. So definitively though you want him back or not? Depends who the coach is. What's funny is Mike McCarthy. Yeah. Okay. What's funny is that they have like Aaron's answer to the question of if he's coming back next year is probably the exact same answer that the Jets front office would give right now.


Yeah. I mean, yeah, sure. I guess. Yeah. If we can't get someone better. Yeah. Which it's crazy, but there's a lot of people better. He's just old now. It sucks to watch. Yeah. You you, well it's not, it doesn't suck to watch. I was perfect. Nice. I'm trying to be offensive line. Yeah. But apparently he still wants to play next year. But a lot of people are saying it just won't be with the Jets. It would be really funny if he ended up on the Viking. Somehow we really need that to happen. And then go to like an NFC championship game That would rock. Okay, next up Dolphins 34 Raiders 19. The Dolphins don't look now, but the Dolphins, they're kind of in it a little bit.


You don't know what, what'd you say? What were you gonna say? I don't know. What were you gonna say? Suck. I'm Just down. What did you just say? Yeah, what did you actually say? Man? What did you say though? I don't even know. I don't know where we go. That was, I think that was an internal monologue that Yeah. What, what just happened? Theremm Down. You are down. I'm Down. This game did not matter. Yeah. But creating a win winning culture does Me, gets himself up every single week. Means You have an interim coach there. There's, you can't create a winning culture. Right. Anthony Richardson's you can't. There's only so much you can do. Here's good news quarterback like that. Here's the good news. You fucking That was it.


That was it. There you, you, there's no more. Like that was it. That was it. Because I know that you were saying to yourself, they won that game and then they keep winning. Like they could do it, but that was it. Yeah. No, it it's dead. It's as dead as possible. That was it. It's been dead. The team has sucked. The team has sucked. I don't, I don't tell you how to be a fan, You'll tell me. But this is, but, but every Sunday you're like, this team sucks. I can't keep rooting for this team. They're so bad. They're not gonna make the playoffs. And then every Thursday comes around, it's like, we got a shot. That's sports. We got a shot. That Is sports. Sports. That is sports. No, That's not true. No. I mean, big catch known that he is been fucked for weeks Now. Yeah. No, but me True. I have Fucked keep coming back though.


It's sports. It Sports. If, if you win your next game, you have to re head the Aaron Rodgers Fat. And you have to say you might run the table. Okay. If you win your next game, we're not gonna win. Right. But Thursday's gonna come around and he is gonna think that they're gonna win. We got three, we have a 3% chance we can't run the table. Oh, What it making the Playoffs. But what, what is, we're still alive. Hit it real quick. What happens if they beat the Seahawks? What's their chance then? It's gotta go up to at least like 5%. I max isn't, He's Not the, I mean there's, they don't give you that option. It is funny that it took until this week. What are you trying to put that on me? I was, He said hit the button then.


What button? I de I declared the Bears fucked when they were four and four. It took you all the way to three and eight. Yeah. Yeah. Memes. Let me ask you this. If, if I had a gun and I told you there's a 3% chance that it's loaded, would you want me to pull the trigger on you? Yeah. Oh yeah. That's why. Just lost. Oh, alright. Dolphins 34 Raiders 19 Tua was awesome. Kind of makes sense that Antonio Pierce said that he should retire after his last concussion. He probably saw the schedule. It's like, oh, we could get a maybe an easy win on Skyler Thompson. I The Dolphins. The Dolphins could be frisky.


So the Do the Dolphins are frisky. Lemme say that the Dolphins are frisky. The Dolphins could somehow make the playoffs. So Yeah, with a win. I think they're playing the Patriots next, right? Yeah. I I think they would be, well they definitely would be back at 500 with a win there. No, they would be five and six. They'd Be five and six five. And Then they play the Packers on Thanksgiving weekend. Thanksgiving night. I believe They have a commanding second place lead in the A FC East right now. Yeah, that's what I'm saying about them. Yeah. I don't, I There's something, there's something. Tua has looked good. Tua has looked good since he's come back and it felt like today was like, they put it all together. John U. Smith went off. It was just, yeah, I don't know.


The Dolphins watch out. The Dolphins are, Dolphins are gonna play Spoiler or, or maybe fuck around and find a way into this playoff. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, definitely. Spoiler. I don't know if they're gonna make the playoffs, but they do have insane skill positions. And two is getting the ball to him. He's finding in space and the offense. Look, eight chan looked really good today. Yeah. What's the offense chance get in the playoffs 12% And that's, that's four times as much as the Jets. It could happen. And, and as for the Raiders, the only thing I'm tracking now with the Raiders is Shado Sanders. Yeah. After every loss. Shado Sanders tweets. Thank you, God. Oh, now I don't know if this is intentional or not on his part because I saw the meme going around earlier this week.


So I kept my eyeball on it and after this game I noticed that he did immediately tweet, thank you God. So I went back and I looked at every single week that the Raiders have played this season. Okay. And he has done it after every Raider's loss. Except he didn't do it at all weeks one and week two. So this boils down to the fact that Shado has been posting every Sunday except for September 29th. Since week three. Okay. So it has tracked so far. But the thing is the Raiders just haven't won very many games. Yeah. So the only weeks that he's missed doing it have been during Raiders wins. Got it.


So he has, he has he tweeted every time for a loss? No, because he didn't tweet week one at all. Has he tweeted every time? Has he ever tweeted it with A win since? No, he has not. Okay. Since he started tweeting. Thank you God, on Sundays, it has only been after Raiders losses. Okay. And he did skip the week where they won a game where They Beat the Browns. So that's what I'm tracking right now. Got It. He started in week three. He missed week four. He's tweeted every other week. Yes. Got it. Which coincides very neatly. Yes. With the Raiders schedule. I mean, I think he, he would be awesome on the Raiders. He would be. And I feel like Tom Brady would love to have a guy like that on The Raiders. Yeah. And Dion is head coach of the Raiders.


Yeah. I also, I, Scott Turner definitely. He, he's, he's, it's, he's not given the best situation, but he's made the Raiders. The Raiders offense looked better today than they've looked in the last few weeks. Brock Powers was incredible. They still can't run the ball. But I don't think that's Scott's, I think that's just, they can't run the ball. I think what he did this week was, was probably pretty smart. Which is just get Brock Bauers at tight end. Get him the ball there. Get Brock Bauers the ball at receiver. Yeah. Get Brock Bauers the ball out of the backfield as every running back. So everywhere we're just gonna get this guy the ball as much as we can. Yeah. So Scott Turner watch, he did better with what he's had than what Luke Getsy, who Also stinks. Yeah.


Also, Brock might be a Blake. Oh really? They called him Blake Bowers. Ooh. During the broadcast today. Ooh. And I think Kyle Rudolph said that he wanted Brock Bowers to be big country. Right? Country. Yeah. 'cause he's from Napa. It's from Napa, yeah. Napa Valley. Which is as country as it gets the Most country. Yeah. I I I have my eye on the Dolphins. That's all I'm gonna say. I've got 'em circle because since two has been back, they beat a Rams team, which like, people can say whatever they want. The Rams still have some very good players and they're still in the playoff picture. They lost by three to the bills and then they took care of business against the Raiders. I have my eye on them. We'll, I think we'll see on, on the Thursday night.


Thanksgiving night when they have to go to Lambo, it's gonna be cold. That will be it. If they win that game and they're back to 500. If they beat the Patriots next week, I they might be, they might be one, they might be the seventh seat. I don't know. And we, and we're not gonna call 'em frauds If they win it in Lambo and it's, it's gotta be under 40 degrees, I feel like on a holiday. That it, I don't think it has to be that cold. No. If It's, it's like 60 degrees. Oh Yeah. I mean, if it's balmy, if we're talking about a, a nice human Thanksgiving, I'm, I'm gonna adjust that up to, if it's under 60 degrees at all, I need the, at least the announcer to say Welcome to the frozen tundra. Yeah. And then the Dolphins won't win at the frozen tundra. Okay.


Vikings 23 Titans 13 Sam Pumpkin watch is on hold. He's back to being a good quarterback. Not pumpkin watch anymore. The Titans I, this game was not super exciting other than Will Levis had an awesome 98 yard touchdown pass. Oh, sick. And the Titans are just like the number one team that just beats themselves. 'cause we've talked about their special teams really bad. They also had 13 penalties for 91 yards today. And they gave the Vikings seven first downs with penalties. So that was kind of the name of the, the game. And the Vikings keep just rolling along eight and two, right? No, Are vi Yeah. They're eight and two now. Eight and two.


And this was the Sam Dar audition for the Tennessee Titans. Yes. Who have become the Indianapolis Colts, where they just signed old quarterbacks. Yes. I guess Sam Donald's not old, but he does fit that bill. Yeah. Of a guy that's got a lot of free, it's been passed around. He's been, yeah, he's purchased town homes in several cities. Yes. And yeah. So Sam went off for, he had 246, 2 touchdowns, no receptions. The, this was like a big titty bumping game. Every time I looked up at the screen, somebody was in between the 40 yard lines. Yeah. And it felt like they didn't really move all that much. Yeah. Because the big touchdown was that 98 yarder. And then I think Jordan Addison had a big touchdown as well. So Yeah. It was, it just wasn't a lot happening. And the Vikings are better than the Titans.


We all thought that. And that it was proved, it's actually, it was a good win for the Vikings. Just the fact that the Jaguars win was unimpressive. Yeah. I, I don't know what you want from the Titans for the rest of the season. I don't know what their Fans want. I don't either. This is one of those teams where it's like, just bye week for the rest of the year. Yeah, that's, I don't really wanna watch this. No, I don't think anyone wants to watch this. Titans. I think they should be on the extra tv. Yeah. They should go to side tv. Although we made a good choice today because that was great choice. And we could talk about that game. I mean, oh, I should say Justin Jefferson officially becomes the most reception yards in a player's first five years. And we still have what, eight games left? Seven games left. Yeah. So he has 6,811 yards in his first five seasons.


That is a record. He is just so good. Yeah. So Good. Also, Aaron, it's pretty crazy that the Vikings have one in three in that list. 'cause Randy Moss was three. Yeah. I, I can't, I can't keep a beat on Aaron Jones and how injured he ever is. Yeah. Because he looked like he had some explosiveness and I think he got carted off the field last week. Yeah. He, he always has like a groin leg. A groin leg. Yeah. And you don't really know what's, what's gonna happen. And he wasn't very explosive today. Yeah. So, okay. Talk about explosive last game. The early slate Lions 52, Jaguars six. Holy fuck. Someone in this room said this is their, the NFL makes no sense.


Game of the Year Said very confidently too On the Jaguars spread and Money line. Let me just read that again. 52 to six. The Lions had 645 yards of offense. Jags were winning this game at one point. They were, they were up true three nothing. What, what were you thinking when they were up three? Nothing. It was on the side tv, so I couldn't even really pay attention. It was three nothing. I was like, yes. Listen, if it didn't Again, wait a minute, what does that mean? What, what do you mean? Because it was on the side Tv. You was couldn't pay attention. Yes, max. It was on the side tv. So when you're looking forward at all these TVs, you don't, you forget about looking to the side. By the time I remembered to look to the side, it was 21 to three, maybe five minutes later.


He's Not talking about a side TV on the main wall. He's talking about the tv. That's Oh, across the, The other, it was the eighth tv. Understand we put it on the eighth TV because we knew this was gonna happen. Understand. I understand. I Thought it was just like one Of the other tv No, no. We said it on Friday that this was a game where the, the Lions will come out, they will kill the Jaguars and the Jaguars will quit because Doug Peterson is gonna get fired because they have the bi-week next week. There was a report this morning that Doug Peterson will probably get fired. I, I would assume by the time you're listening to this, Doug Peterson's been fired. This was, this was like Alabama verse Kent State. Like I think Tennessee played Kent State this year.


And it was like 71. Nothing. That was, this was the early September little little school going to an SEC school game, which isn't supposed to happen in the NFL. Jared Goff had 412 yards, four touchdowns. He's the only quarterback ever to have multiple games with a perfect pass rating that had 400 plus yards. Seven touchdowns, seven touchdowns, five guys scored. I mean this was insane. Yeah. Hank, how much of you, you saying that the NFL doesn't make any sense in picking the Jaguars was because Mack Jones was starting Zero. I just, If anything it should have been reversed. Yeah. It was a bad pick. I'm very dumb. I, I don't know, ball. I, I tried to call my shot and I was, I was wrong.


And, and that will be the last time I do that. If you had known that before the game, there would be a report that if the Jaguars don't show up, if they get blown out, then their head coach will be fired. Would that have made you more inclined or less inclined to bet on them? More inclined. 'cause if there was ever a world where they were gonna win, it was gonna be because they were fighting for their coach. Clearly They did the opposite. They were right. But they're like, oh wait, he's gonna be fired if we, if we get blown out. Bet. Right. But if in, you know, in hindsight if situations were reversed, they actually wanted to play for him like a Disney movie or something. Yeah, they beat the Lions. Yeah. When they did, let's win This one for Doug. They did when they were up three Nothing. Yeah. Some other crazy stats.


Rah had 11 targets. He had 11 catches. 161 yards and two touchdowns. This one's nuts. So these teams actually played two years ago, and if you don't remember, it's because it went almost exactly the same. The, in the last eight quarters of the Jaguars and Lions have played, the Lions are up 92 to 20 and they have not punted. That's Nuts. 92 to 20. You want, You wanna hear something else? That's crazy. This is just a little bit over a year ago. This is August, 2023. There was a poll. I think the Athletic put it out. Who would you rather be? The Lions or the Jaguars? Yes. 66% of people said the Jaguars.


Wow. This was so, it it sounds crazy. It was, it is crazy. But it's basically less than a year ago, the Jag, the Jaguars were eight and three heading into that Monday night football game against the Bengals. Since then, they have lost 14 of their last 17 games. Think about that. Eight and three. That was the Pete Prisco year. The schedule, the schedule, the schedule. They're going to the Super Bowl. They were eight and three and since then the absolute bottom has fallen out. Yeah, it's been bad. It's been real bad. Real bad. And when you think it can't get any worse in Jacksonville, it somehow it does find a way. It was a worst loss in, in organization history.


Yeah. These, it's not supposed to look like this in the NFL. Like it's just not supposed to look like this. Jameson Williams did the Hold My Dick tool. He did the Hold My Dick every time we looked up there was another long touchdown. Yeah. The I, alright, I I also think in this game we can talk about their skill position players. 'cause they are awesome on the lines. And Sam LaPorte didn't even Play. Sam LaPorte did not play. You got Brock. Everybody at the skill position is awesome on the lines, but their offensive line Oh yeah. Was just gaping people mauling. Like I, it's, it's a tired thing to say like, I could have rushed for X amount of yards in this game. I think I probably would've had 12 yards. That's that I would've had 12 yards rushing today if I played on the line.


That's what I'm saying. When it, when it looked like, not just in score, but in just watching the game, it looked like an SEC team versus a Mac team. Yeah. Because it was like the, the difference in, I should say Toledo did beat Mississippi State this year, so it doesn't always go like Mississippi State. Yeah, Mississippi State. They beat Mississippi at Mississippi State, but it was like men and boys playing in this game. And, and the only bad news for the lines is Alex Ann Malone got broke his arm. So he is gonna be out for six to eight weeks. But other than that the Lions are just incredible. Yeah, Well they'll probably have a buy. So back for the playoffs maybe. Yeah. And the Lions, by the way, for the first time in franchise history are officially Super Bowl favorites.


Wow. Wow. Good for, good for them. They Are officially Super Bowl favorites. Love that. Max, are you, have you reached the point where you're now rooting against the Lions? Yeah, for Sure have to be. Yeah. Plus three 50. The Lions are to win the Super Bowl. The Chiefs are plus four 50. It's crazy. Lions are Super Bowl favorites. So I don't know. I mean, like, that's, that's not, they're Their schedule's not easy though. No. Well well they're better than everyone. The big danger At home though. Which sucks. Yeah. And they're also better than everyone. They are. So their schedule is kind of easy. So they got the Colts Better than, Better than Chicago. Who Better than Chicago is capable of almost beating anyone. If we Got, if we brought back Justin Fields for just the Lions game, 'cause he actually was the Lions killer.


And that doesn't mean he beat them a bunch. It means that he was just good against them and met Ebra. Flu happened a bunch then Packers Bills Better than Bills. Bills is a tough game. Good game. 49 ERs Better than, that's the only one on the road though. They're better than the 49 ERs. What are we talking about? But that happens. All I understand Teams lose. I understand better than all the time. I think they're significantly better than the 49 ERs right now. So they've got, they got two outdoor games, which is, is the, that's the knock against Jerry Go. Although Jerry Goff played well outdoors and The 49 ERs game will be fine weather most likely. Yeah. The Bears. Yeah, the Bears might, But that's also the second last game of the season. Like the Niners team could get, could look different then than they do now.


Yeah. I hate the Niners. I hate that. I'm even like justifying this, but, oh Man, They would've beat you guys in that man. You're thinking the playoffs so bad that year. Oh know what he's thinking. What? I know what he's thinking. When Brock Purdy got hurt. What One seed? No, you're thinking maybe you get two seed and what if the Niners got the seven seed? Oh, I would hate that. Yeah, That would be bad. Bad. I, no, I mean The NFC, the seven, there's so many teams I don't wanna see from the seven seed. Yeah. The NF C's gonna be a, a tough battle for that. You know, six, seven seed. Gimme Your acceptable list of teams that you would like to see at the seven seed list. Oh, I like this. Who would you like to host? I don't like this because then then it puts, it Puts bolts board Bulletin board material.


Yeah. End of the year. Yeah, but you gotta still do, You gotta say it. There's a fuck Saint just Oh wow. Get him. Yeah. Get him names. Yeah. Get his ass. Seahawks. Seahawks I would love. Okay, fair. We play the Rams next week. I'll answer that question after we play the Rams. Okay. 49 ERs You wouldn't Bucks. Bucks owe you. I would not. I do not want to. Oh see the 49 ERs. I would not wanna see the Bucks. Bears might be getting healthy Bears. Bears would suck just because that I would have to be in a room. I would have to do it with you. Well, What do you mean you'd kill us? Izzy suck Saints. Saints would be great. Cowboys. Cowboys would be great. Panthers. Panthers Would Be great.


Giants would be great. Okay. All right. So What about Commanders? You didn't say them. Yeah, you didn't say them. They're current. Seven seed. If the season ended today, Vikings, I would love, I would love the Vikings. We beat the fuck out of the Vikings every time. Bulletin board. Yeah, That's, that's bulletin board That I don't care about saying because the VI Vikings fans know it too. Yeah. Yeah. Now I really want it to be the Vikings. Vikings are the Seahawks based on what Max just said. That's what I would love. So do you, I mean the line there are so good. The lines are so good. I don't, I don't know what else to say. I would really Just like the one seed. The one seed would be phenomenal. They're just, and this was part of why I, I bet on them today is like they're so good and they also are in a way where like Dan Campbell like doesn't have them in like let the, like he Yeah.


Somehow has them, he's got them Scared every week he's Got the juice. It's Like you better go out there and play fucking hard. Yeah. Or I'm gonna fucking beat you up. I will, I will kick your ass. Yeah. It's crazy. No he didn't, he didn't do any of that in the first half of the first quarter though. Yeah, true. Remember that Hank True. Three Nothing. Three zero. If the quarter 59 yard field goal, if The quarter was only 10 minutes long, I think the Jaguars would've won the first quarter. Yeah. Oh, also we should say the Jaguar's punter was great today. He had respect five punts, 53.5 yard average and three that he put inside the 20. It's good. It's a really good day. That's something that you can build around. Yeah. Build the whole team around the Jags punter. All right, so let's take a look at the Jaguar's coaching roster right now.


Yes. Figure out who the interim head coach is gonna be. Yes. Please press Taylor Offensive coordinator Friend of the show. Yeah, I I don't think he would get the off. I don't think he would get the, well like the, he's not a perfect meatball interim head coach. Okay. Then the other options we have Mike McCoy, that's a football guy that's a name that's been around football for a long time. I could see him Chad Hall. Way too much of a Chad. Also friend of the program. He helped us get the Matthew Stafford interview because that is Matthew Stafford's brother-in-law. He is also a hundred percent Chad though. They Accurate. And he actually might be a good interim.


I want his parents accurately named him. Yeah, He could. He could be a good interim because he does have the juice. They're running backs. Coach. I've got my eye on this guy just because his name is Jerry Mack. Okay. That's a good m Jay Mack. That's a good interim head coach name. Phil Rauscher has got a nice goatee for an interim coach. Kind of Dan Campbell hat tip there. And then on defense, Ryan Nielsen has a fucking mustache. Look at this guy. Look at their defense. Oh Yeah. Ni could be the guy. I just don't know if you, you just got 50 hung on you. Yeah. You can't do that. I dunno what kind of message that sends to You can't do that. Or, Although maybe it makes your defense better 'cause he's no longer coaching Them. That's true.


I, Chad Hall. Chad Hall's a great, he's a gritty guy. Okay. He's a gritty guy. I'm Gonna guess Chad. Chad Hu was the wide receiver's coach for a while with the bills. All right. So he He could be, he could be the guy, Chad or JMac. Chad or JMac. Yeah. I just like saying Jerry Mack. Yeah. Not Mike McCoy. Remember he was a head coach. He was bad. Yeah. But he's got Through the Chargers sometimes They like to do that and they say this guy's got experience. Yeah. Yeah. Chad Hall was, I think he played football in Air Force so he would be Fuck yeah. Yeah. Mil, you know, military time, everything. Also is Trevor Lawrence just not gonna play anymore. I wouldn't. Yeah. I'd agree. Why? Why would you wanna play Right now? Big time. Business decision. Yeah. Got a family on the way.


Yeah. Okay, let's take another break and we'll go to the afternoon games. So you got a couple more ads. PFT. Yes.


Before we get to the afternoon games, they're brought to you by Peloton. Good friends over at Peloton. I've been back on the bike the last few weeks here. I've been doing some of their outdoor runs as well. Love the Peloton app. Peloton has exactly what you need to stay on track with your fitness goals no matter where you're at in life. Personally, tried to squeeze fitness into my schedule. It's not always easy, but Peloton makes it possible with all kinds of classes that you can jump into. If you're a new parent coming off an injury, training for something big or just straight up busy, there's always something to keep you moving. And it's not just cycling and running. Peloton has a whole lineup of challenging workouts, strength training, high interv, high intensity interval training, yoga, stretching. There's always a new way to push, push yourself or meet the moment, whatever your goal is. Plus the Peloton all access membership makes it easy to work out anywhere at home, on the bike or tread or even on the go with the app. It's been a game changer if I'm traveling or if I'm stuck at the office and I'm not around my bike. Also, I did one of their, one of their rowing classes the other day. Really good. Pelotons got it all. Check it out. They also have meditations too. Those moments as end coming clutch if you need a reset. So you're ready to start strong. Pelotons got got the tools to help you crush your goals season after season. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com. One peloton.com. Check 'em out.


This podcast is also brought to you by NASCAR. The adrenaline of the Daytona 500 is something you have to experience in person. There's nothing like witnessing the stars of NASCAR battle for position going 200 miles per hour on a two and a half miles Speedway, 40 drivers competing amongst the likes of Chase Elliot, Ryan Blaney, Denny Hamlin, Ross Chastain, and Bubba Wallace as they try to make their mark to set a historic NASCAR season. You won't want to miss this once in a lifetime sporting event. The Daytona 500 purchase your tickets today for the 2025 Daytona five hundred@daytonafivehundred.com. Daytona five hundred.com. That's a bucket list of indigo to by the way, Daytona 500. Yes. Seems electric.


Okay. Afternoon games. Max alluded to this, but Broncos 38, Falcons six. I'm so happy I beca I came out as a believer to get you on this game. Well I I, you understand like I, I explained it. I, I had been through the Auburn bow Nicks, I had Oregon future last year. I was, I've been, I've been hurt many times by bow nicks, but I am a believer as of last Friday and holy shit that he light up th 307 yards, four touchdowns, 28 for 33. The first rookie quarterback ever to have a game with 80% completion percentage, four or more touchdowns in 300 or more yards.


The Broncos. That's how you get off the mat against, you know, with, with, with a terrible, terrible loss of the Chiefs. They get off the mat, they throttle the Falcons and now we have to have the difficult conversation. Is Bo Nicks going to win Rookie of the Year? Yeah, I mean he is, he's worked his way back into contention for what are the odds right now? I'll look them up right now because for a while Jayden was like minus 400. But it's gotta be like, it's gotta be much, much closer than that right now. Yeah. Bo Nick's playing awesome. The last nine games for Bo Nicks have been unreal in terms of scoring touchdowns and not turning the ball over. Yeah, he has, but he stopped, which it's like give and take for me with Bo because part of what I loved about Bo at least early on this season is he did make some of those crazy laser beam throws directly at a defender.


Correct. But he stopped doing that now. So it's only good bo Yeah, we're getting just good bow now. He, I think it's down right now Maybe 'cause until after Monday Night. Maybe right now it's Just MVP I'm seeing on DraftKings. Although it shouldn't be because there's no Monday night rookies playing that I can think of. Cooper Rush, does he still have rookie eligibility? Trey Lance? Can he still be considered a rookie? Who do the Texans have? Texans don't have offensive rookies. So either way, Bo Nicks has been incredible. Bo Nicks, yeah, he's, he right now has 14 touchdowns, 2200 yards, four rushing touchdowns.


Max, you think we all picked the wrong guy? Which by the way would be very funny if Bo Nicks went on to win like multiple Super Bowls and then we could just all be miserable together and there's A shit load of tape of us saying bad things about Bo Nicks over the last year. I don't take anything back. 'cause again, I've been hurt by Bo Nicks no so many times. I mean even like during the draft. Yeah. Before I saw him in the Broncos uniform. I think we all thought the same thing, which was Sean Peyton found his son. But that's my point is I, I had, I had history Bo Nicks didn't come into the NFL as a rookie bow. Nicks was part of my life for what feels like a decade. Yeah. But yeah, he's playing incredible ball and the Broncos look good. Like their defense is good. Their defense completely discombobulated.


The Falcons, they looked so bad today and that, like, like I said, that's how you get off the mat. Like the Broncos are a good football team and, and to respond like that after a loss. Like they had the Chiefs where you saw the quotes afterwards saying that was a gut punch and it was gonna be tough to come back from. They came back from it and they demolished, demolished the Falcons. Okay. So we alluded to this on Friday's show, but an update to it, Sean Peyton is now Yes. Four And oh Yes. Against the NFC South. Yes. His point differential is plus 88. Wow. He's averaging, I'm not a math guy. 22 points Killing him Of point differential against all those teams in the division that he used to coach killing Him.


This game was never even like, it wasn't even the, the Falcons never got, I think their first drive was, was decent and they got a field goal and it was seven three and then it, you, you blinked and it was over. And Bo Nick just was dicing them up. The Defense is suffocating the, the rare times that Bijan Robinson got the ball in open space. It closed up really quickly on him. Yeah. He was able to get like one cut in one and a half cuts and boom get hit. The defense for the Broncos is they are really, really good. Yes. They got their asses kicked by the Raiders, or excuse me, the Ravens. But they're, they're a very good football team. I think The, and and on the Falcon side, I I I'm, I'm done with the Falcons. They're like, they they could, they could be in the playoffs.


'cause they obviously have, they have those two wins over the bucks. So it's gonna be hard for the bucks to, although I wouldn't, I wouldn't be shocked because the bucks to get Mike Evan's back, but I think I'm done with the Falcons. They don't get, they don't do anything on defense. I mean, they don't rush the passer whatsoever. I love Bijon. I just, they're so frustrating to watch defensively that I, I think I have to be done with them. They're not gonna like, this is the NFC South for the first month and a half of the season, especially the first two weeks we're like, holy shit, Saints are incredible. Or you know, Saints look great. The, the Falcons, you know, have some big time games. They had a couple tragic losses. The bucks are firing everywhere.


Baker, the NFC South is back to just being the NFC South. Where I don't do Are they gonna win a playoff game, the NFC South? Maybe if the bucks get in Baker. Yeah, but I, that's good. I just don't, I don't know what to make of the Falcons. I just, I'm, I'll tell you what, to make the thoroughly fal un unimpressed. I'll tell you what to make of the Falcons. They are Kirk cousins. Yeah, it's perfect. It is actually a, a, a perfect marriage that they have because if you look at them, they have lost to every really good team, every good team that they've played. And then not true the same What? Oh, the Eagles or you guys? Yeah, the Eagles lost that game. They beat the Eagles. I don't know if the Falcons Won that depends on what you think of the Bucks too. Depends on what you think of the Bucks.


But it's, these are, the Falcons are exactly who you would think that they are. They're gonna be an above average team ultimately, because there's a lot of shitty teams in the league. They're probably gonna make the playoffs. They might not win a playoff game. They might win a squeaker in the first round. But I don't think that they're gonna do any damage whatsoever in the n ffc. Yeah. IWI want, I'm rooting for the Bucks to make the playoffs now. Even, even in, in spite of Stephen Che, because, well, he's been released. I, I, yeah, he's been released and I like, Bakker is more fun in a playoff setting than what I'm watching from the, I just don't understand how they can, they get nothing in terms of defensive push. And they got, they signed Matthew Judon. Yeah, it's, it's crazy to watch.


Yeah. I mean this is, was an ass kicking from start to finish. Michael Pennix got in with it felt like the entire fourth quarter in front of him. Yeah. Didn't look bad, actually. Shout out Michael Pennix. But yeah, it's good time to be a Broncos fan. I kind of want to bet the Bucks to win the NFC South, they play basically the identical schedules down the stretch. The only difference being, I believe the, I believe the, the Bucks have a game against the Cowboys, which might be good now that, now that Dak is out. So that like, but other than that, they kind of have the same schedule. Like they both play the Raiders both play The Giants both play the, the Panthers.


So it, it's, it's gonna be tough for the Bucks to make it up because they've lost both the games to the Saints. But I'm Team Bucks, sorry Falcons fans. I just can't, maybe, I don't know. I don't know what you can do. Give the ball, make the whole team outta Bijon. 'cause I love him, but I just can't watch your defense anymore. I, I got news for you. I, I think that the Broncos could get 11 wins. Yeah. I think it's, I think it's very possible. I was talking about the Falcons of Bucks, but Yeah, yeah, yeah. But we, we said a couple weeks ago that this was gonna be like the hard part of the Bronco schedule. 'cause they had to go up against, the Ravens had to go at the Chiefs and then the Falcons. They might've been a good team. We weren't really sure. Now I think we have a better understanding, but then they get the Raiders, the Browns, the Colts, the Chargers, the Bengals and the Chiefs.


I think 10 or 11 wins is very, very realistic for the Broncos 11 is gonna be probably tough. I have a feeling like they're gonna win one of those two games against either the Chargers or the Chiefs at home. They'd have to go five and one down the stretch. Yeah. But yeah, no, the Broncos are good. I I, the Broncos are a good team and they, they feel like the future is bright for the first time in a long time with the Broncos. Because since Peyton Manning, they've been through a lot of shit. They've, you know, like they, they had Peyton Manning and then the decade it's been, or nine years since then, they've been going through quarterbacks and been, you know, going through coaches and kind of a laughing stock for a franchise. That was the model of consistency for a very long time.


But now it feels like they're going the right direction. So You can look at this one of two ways. The first being like, Sean Peyton great job against the, the NFC South. But then when you take away all those games and you're left with what they've done besides those games, yeah. They've won two games outside of the NFC South. They've beaten the Jets 10 to nine, No longer a good win, never a good win. And then they beat the Raiders. Those, those are the two wins outside that Division. Those aren't big one. Yeah, they're Not. Yeah. So now I'm, I'm talking my way out of it now. I dunno. Alright, let's not put, let's beat the Chiefs. Alright, but let's not good point. Let's, let's Not put a cap on the, like, if the Broncos don't get to 10 or 11 wins, that's not a failure of a season because it feels like they have a, a quarterback that they can build around and they have a good young defense.


And like Sean Peyton might have his mojo back. So it's the future's bright. 'cause we don't wanna say they're gonna win 10 or 11 games and then they don't like, oh man, that was a disappointing season Because we set them up for that Failure. Yeah. We set 'em up for failure. That's what we do. Let's not Do that. But that's our job. It is our job as the media, The Broncos, we got a job to do. They got a job to do. If, if the Broncos, they play at the best of their ability today. If they can do that, they should win the Super Bowl. What Is their, if they play the Super Bowl against Falcons, I'm taking the Broncos, I'm taking the Broncos minus 31 A half. Moving along. What? So, so if the Playoffs started today, the Broncos would be in. And if they can, if they can get to 10 wins, they should, they should get in there because the, the teams behind them have a lot of like ground to make.


Especially now that the Bengals, which we'll get to have caught another loss. And we will have to discuss that. Still don't wanna stop believing in them, which I should. But the Broncos do feel like they should, should get into the playoffs. Yeah, I would agree. Okay. That schedule coming up. They should, Yeah. And the Falcons, I'm just, I don't know. I'm just whatever, whatever with the Falcons. Hank are you doing reminders? Whatever. Yes. Hank, can you remind me to bet against the Falcons in Wild Card Sup, excuse me. Super Wild Card weekend. Yes, Yes. Please. Let me just look up the date Bet against, although if it was started right now, it'd be the, it'd be the Vikings getting into the Falcons. That's two franchises with some really sad playoff history and they played in a very famous game.


That's true. But also Kirk Cousins were revenge Game in the playoffs, Ty. Yeah, that would be fun. Yeah. Fun storyline. Okay. Another team. I don't know what the fuck to make of, well actually both of them Seahawks 29 ERs 17. I think the Niners are in a lot of trouble. Oh yeah, because they've, I but I said it on Friday, like I was like, I think they're in a lot of trouble. And they blew another fourth quarter lead Gino Smith. This was the full Gino Smith rollercoaster of a game where we had a terrible interception, another snap issue where if you, I, I said we've said it a million times, but if you watch a Seahawks game without fail, at least once a game, they'll lose 10 to 15 yards on a snap problem.


But then Gino put on his hero cape and led a fourth quarter drive. That was awesome. He was seven for 8 54 yards, two rushes, 29 yards. He now, since 2023 has seven fourth quarter game winning drives. That's the most in the NFL. That's Gino Smith. The whole, like, the whole rollercoaster. You saw it all with Gino Smith today. Yeah. The bad, the good, the ugly, the great it was there. And it was weird because the Seahawks, they kept it, they kept it relatively close, but it didn't feel like they had enough going on where they were gonna win. But you kept watching the, the Niners failed to put them away and you're like, they're just letting the Seahawks hang around way, way, way too long here the Seahawks could fuck around and win this game.


They kept, it seemed like every time I looked up, JSN had another catch for like 12 yards. And little by little they got it done at the end. I am, I am very worried about the Niners now I figured that they were gonna kick you. Join me. I thought that they were gonna kick the shit outta the Seahawks Today. Yeah. The NFL makes no sense. And they Play at Green Bay and at Buffalo their next two games. The Niners. Yeah. So, and, and if you look at the standings, they're one in three in the n in the NFC West. Yeah. So the, the NFC West is a complete shit show. Very fun division, but it's a shit show because every team is still very much alive. And the Niners, like this is the four, like this happened in the Cardinals game. This happened in the Seahawks game. This happened in the Rams game where they can't put teams away.


And I know they didn't have Kittle today. And obviously Brandon iuk out, but it's very concerning. They cannot, it seems like they cannot put teams away and win these games where, where they feel like the better team for three quarters and then it just falters and Brock Purdy like he was running for his life. I I, I give a lot of credit to Seahawks defense. They were all over the place. The only, only person they couldn't guard was Juwan Jennings. But the Seahawks defense was flying. Brock Purdy felt like he had to scramble for a million yards in the pocket and then out of the pocket. And Yeah. The Niners like, it's, it's crazy how, how quickly you can look at it and be like, wow, the Niners, this is going to be very, very, they don't have much margin for error going down the stretch.


Nobody in that division does. No. Even the Cardinals who lead the division right now, I think they're up by one game. Right. And then there's a three-way tie for second place. Although the Niners would be in fourth place. 'cause they're in, they're one in three Yeah. In the division when You look. Yeah. But what I'm saying is like no team can, like tiebreakers are one thing, but no team in that division should be comfortable right now. No. It's gonna be chaos. Yeah. Yeah. And the, and with the NFC North, the three teams, the NFC North all playing. Well there's, there's not a lot of, there's not a lot of room for error in your commanders. Like that's the, the seven seed is not, you're gonna have to get to probably 11 wins. It's gonna be I think one team outta the west. Yeah. I'm pretty confident with that.


Yeah. Well it better be. Yeah. Because if it's not, then something bad happen to you, something Bad happened to either me or to maybe the Packers. That's True. That would be nice. Yeah. Think about that. That would be nice. That would be nice. Okay. So and yeah, to see how off a by with their leading, so their leading tackler got cut and then another guy retired and they answered the bell And then Gino Smith hit him with a night, night, night Night did the Steph Curry night night. Yeah. So there was a 90.3% win probability that the Niners had. That's Every game for them. It is. It's crazy. So I was looking at the chart, I was like, that seems bad. But no, this is kind of the story of how Kyle Shanahan's been operating recently.


Yeah. There the every game for them feels like they have it. And then, oh, whoops, something happened. I mean, like I said, the, especially in the division, they lost that Rams game. They, they got outscored 13 to three in the fourth quarter in that game. The Cardinals game earlier in the year. Remember when they were like, what were they 10 point favorites or something? The Cardinals beat them 11, nothing in the fourth quarter. So they can't put teams away. Yeah. They just cannot put teams away. And I know Kittle would definitely help, but they can't put teams away right now. Yeah. They, they, they broke into all their bag of magic tricks that they had without Kittle and they're trying to get the ball around, trying to have different people rush it, spread it around a lot on offense.


Zero catches day for Ricky Pearsall though. Yeah. And that's the guy that you can go to Downfield and I don't even know if they targeted him. Maybe they target him a couple times, but the offense does. It's not fun. I used to watch the 49 ERs play and be excited to watch them play. And that stopped when this season started. Yeah. Even, even though they got Christian McCaffrey back, they're not fun to watch on offense right now. No, They're not. They're not. They're broken. All right. Last game in the afternoon, slate and then we'll talk seven, eight football Bill's 30 Chiefs, 21 The Chief's. Perfect season is done. The bills Sean McDermott has learned, he's starting to learn, he's getting smarter because this game essentially came down to the fourth and two on the Chief's 26 yard line where the bills could have kicked a field goal to go up five.


And he said, wait a second. Patrick Holmes is on the other sideline. If I go up five, he will go down, score a touchdown and rip all of our hearts out of our chest. And he said, Josh Allen, go do something crazy. And that's exactly what he did with the 26 yard touchdown run to win the game. Seal the game. Good for the bills for getting smarter and winning a game like this. I know they've beaten the Chiefs, I think four straight years in the regular season and then lost three straight years in the playoffs. So this doesn't really mean much, but it's still nice because they have a chance to One seed and Sean McDermott's getting smarter. It's also better than the alternative. Correct. So the alternative is to lose to the Chiefs in the regular season. Yes. And then lose them again in the playoffs.


Right. This is better. You would rather have the confidence that maybe you can win if your coach doesn't absolutely screw himself over during the game. And Yeah. If, if Sean McDermott had kicked that field goal and then kicked off to Mahomes and then lost, I would say there would be a, an argument to be made for Sean McDermott to start packing his bags after the end the season. Yeah. Like he's at that point it's like, what have you learned? Yeah. And, and nothing 'cause everybody that's watching this knew that was the right call. You would've been an utter bonehead not to do it. Also, congratulations to Josh Allen because on that rushing play, he became the all time leader in rushing touchdown for the Bills surpassing OJ Simpson. Oh, nice. A record That the bills were desperately hoping That's huge would be broken.


Fuck you OJ That's huge. He has, he has more than Thermo Thomas. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. Damn good for Josh Allen. He remains too ahead of OJ in the category of people that he never murdered, though. That's also fact. I I I mean I think right now the bills are a better team than, than the Chiefs. Obviously the playoffs are a different animal and Patrick Mahomes will do Patrick Mahomes things and And we will be like, Hey, how'd they win? Three in a row. But the Bills defense is good. Their offense is good. They couldn't even run the ball today. And Josh was without Keon Coleman and Dawson Knox. And they still found a way. They're gonna get Matt Milano back. Like the bills, like you said last week for a team that had their championship window closed.


They're they're pretty damn good. Yeah. This is all extra for an off year. No one expects the bills to do anything this year For a rebuilding year. They're pretty damn good. Yeah. Turn it turns out you can rebuild when you have Josh Allen as your quarterback. Yeah. And you let Josh Allen be Josh Allen. Yeah. Yeah. Just let let him go back there and figure something out. Yeah. And he'll make it happen. Except we almost got, there was a moment at the end of the first half where Alan threw that interception where the Chiefs go down and I thought, I think they get three points out of it. But to me that felt like one that the, we're gonna be looking at, at the end of the game be like, fuck the Holmes has the ball down like three points. Yeah. And now he's gonna go win the game because of that costly interception. Yeah. But no, the, the bill has overcame it.


Congratulations to Buffalo. No, Josh didn't play a perfect game, but he did just enough, especially at the end of the game. And he is very much in the MVP conversation. Also the Bills defense did a very, very good job of bottling up Travis Kelsey, which, you know, they, he's killed them in the past. I think he had eight yards total. Then they went to Brock though that left Brock Open, or excuse me, Noah Gray. Noah Gray. Gray, Noah Gray. Yeah. Yeah. Also, this is a crazy stat. The Chiefs, so the bills scored 30 points, that's the fifth straight game. They scored 30 points. The Chiefs hadn't allowed 28 plus points in a regular season game since week 4, 20 22 to Tom Brady. So that was 38 straight games that their defense held a team under 28, which is a winning recipe when you have Patrick Mahomes.


Yep. But it also showed that if the Chief's defense doesn't ball out the chief's offense is like, it's not the perfect offense and they don't have, they have a lot of answers, but they don't have every answer to play in like a shootout type game. There was a moment in the first half where I thought to myself like, how the fuck did the Chiefs get Xavier worthy? Oh yeah. The bills let the Chiefs have Xavier worthy. But then you see where Xavier worthy is lacking what the Chiefs have had in the past at Receiver, which is I think Xavier worthy has the least amount of sideline awareness Yeah. Of any receiver in the NFL also. I would, so he get this, it's happened to him a few times this year where he is wide open downfield for like 40 yards and then he catches it and doesn't even think to get, I think today he dragged his foot a full, full, I think it was a full step before the ball got there.


Yeah. And so then he just steps outta bounds earlier this year, he just stood outta bounds and made a catch. It's small things that I maybe, you know what, maybe this is how the Chiefs are getting you right now. Maybe it's like, okay, they're convincing me that they're a flawed football team, that they don't have it like they did in years past, and then all of a sudden the playoffs Xavier worthy that he's going to have like a perfect, perfect understanding of how to get his toes in. Yeah. The, I I, I know there's still, I mean, they're both rookies, but I would much rather have Keon Coleman right now. Right now. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the, I mean that's the, the meme, like, I can't believe the bills. Let Xavier, you know, the Chiefs get Xavier worthy. Well, they got Keon Coleman. Yeah. And I know he didn't play in this game, but Keon Coleman has looked like he has been more of a complete receiver in the last month and a half than Xavier Worthy's Nice.


Xavier worthy is super, super fast, but he hasn't been like a guy that you can go to time and time again. So that one we, we might've gotten ahead of ourselves. Maybe. I I still think Xavier worthy Week one, we were just like, damn, Xavier worthy was his first touch. Yeah, yeah. First Time he touched the ball score a touchdown. Yeah. I, I think Xavier worthy is gonna be really, really good and very, very, very good fit for Patrick Mahomes. But I think most receivers would probably be a better fit with Mahomes than anybody else. Yeah, I'd agree with that. So this was a great game though. We had great football on Sunday And we should talk about the Sunday night football game, which we just ended up watching. Oh, by the way, so The Chiefs obviously first loss.


It'll be very interesting because now with the Steelers winning and the bills winning, the one seat is definitely up for grabs. And the Steelers do play the Chiefs. So it'll be interesting how it shakes out. But the Bills, the bills have a little bit of a tough schedule 'cause they have to play the Niners and I think they have to go to the Lions. Yeah. But this is up for grabs and it's, it feels so, so important to get that one seat in the A FC because the a FC is so top heavy that like, if you get the one seed and you can avoid playing the Chiefs or the, like, if you're the Bills and you could avoid playing the Chiefs in the, in the second round, that would be pretty nice. And so, and Vice versa. So last year it was, was it the second round, Steelers had to go to the Chiefs and got the shit kicked out of them, I believe.


Right? No, the Steelers didn't. Wow. Those Wild Card Steelers haven't won a playoff game in those Wild Card eight those week, one of the playoffs last year, The Steelers went to the Bills. Went To the bills. What am I looking at here? What year? I don't, Is this, I don't know what year you're looking at, remember it was the snow, they changed the game. 2012 Change The time of the game. Oh yeah, yeah. Game. Yeah. This is, this is a couple years ago. Yeah. That was the, that was the TJ Watt first touchdown game when the chief, when the Steelers had to go to the Chiefs Two. That's or three years agos. Right. Second we thought, we thought, yeah, Hank might have won a shitload of money. Yeah. But I, I guess I don't get the feeling like Mahomes can go into Pittsburgh and do the same kind of stuff that he's done in the past, like going into Buffalo and shutting them down.


I feel like the Steelers, the Steelers defense at home is good enough to, to stop Mahomes. I, I mean, I, he, he, last year he went into Buffalo and Baltimore. So I'm not gonna say that Mahomes can't go into anywhere and win. I feel like the Steelers defense though at home. But he's Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. Listen, maybe you might be right. The Steelers might be able to, but I would, I'm never gonna doubt Patrick Mahomes going anywhere in a playoff game after last year when it was like, the Chiefs are bad and they have to go play at, at Buffalo, then they have to go play at Baltimore. And they beat 'em both. Yeah. That kind of ended that one for me. I don't know. Tom Lynn at home. Nighttime playoff game.


Yeah. Towels going. Yeah. Cold. I'm, I'm, I'm getting pumped up for playoff football. I'm getting pumped up for playoff football, which you probably unfortunately are not if you are a Bengals fan because the Sunday night football game was incredible. Chargers 34 Bengals 27. This game was everything that we wanted outta both teams because we had, the Chargers were incredible in the first half. Then Justin Herbert was bad for a good portion of the third and fourth quarter. And Joe Burrow put the Bengals on his back and was like, we're going to, we're we're, we're winning this game. I'm gonna do everything we can.


And then they just both kind of like lost their minds. The, the Bengals miss a couple kicks. Evan McPherson misses a couple kicks. There was that stretch where we had, what was it? 11 plays in a Minute. It was 11 plays in a minute. I'm pulling up the exact, the drives here because they Both lost their Mind. They did, because it was a tie game. It was 27. 27. And both teams felt like they were gonna try to max Are you just hitting yourself in the head with a football right now? You okay. I I have a DD Okay. It Was, it was just seriously like, slam me at full speed into His head. A DD It was 27. 27. And both teams felt like they had to throw the ball to win.


Yeah. And neither team wanted to admit that they might, they might want to give up on this game and just take it to overtime. So what ended up happening was the ball going back and forth, back and forth at the end through Incompletions. And it, it was insane. I felt like I was going crazy. Like neither one of these coaches has ever watched the end of a football game before. Yeah, no. The, it was the, the one where the Evan McPherson misses a kick. There's a minute and 45 seconds left. The Chargers have, I think two timeouts and they need, I don't know, 25 yards to get in range for Dicker the kicker. And they just went pass, pass, pass in completion, in completion, in completion and punted it back to Joe Burrow 10 seconds later it's like, run the ball and try to get, you know, like run a little clock off.


You have timeouts, get some yards, but, and then the Bengals just did the same thing back to them. And you get the end of the game where, not to make it about the Bears, but Jim Harbaugh did everything that Matt IFU cannot do in both. Like he basically took both the commanders and the Packers loss into one last minute of the game because with first in 10 on like the Bengals, whatever it was, 25 and a time out in his pocket, instead of just, you know, being like, oh, we'll kick a field goal from here. They ran a play and JK Dobbins scored a touchdown. And then when the Hail Mary, they played sideline Defense took a time out before the Hail Mary and Blitzed Joe Burrow and didn't let him get a clean pass off And we were able to win the game.


Yeah. So it was, I believe Good job Jim Harbaugh, you're a good coach. I believe it was 15 plays in the last two minutes. But in the, in that first minute after the two minute warning, I think they got 11 plays off in that short time span at the end where you're talking about where Harbaugh like trying to go for the win and continuing to actually play off with the football. Do you think for a second that Brandon Staley would've done that? No. Brandon Staley would've, hell no. Been so happy to settle for like a 52 yard fuel game. Hell no. And if you know anything about the history of the Chargers, and I think Harbaugh had, I think Harbaugh has done research about the history of the Chargers painful losses. Yes. Yes. Because he, he managed that in a way that was so completely different from everything that the team has done in the past that makes you think he's actually sat down and watched that.


Yeah. 'cause they almost charged this game away. They did, but Justin Herbert they tried was, I think he was six for 20 at one point in the second half where he was almost perfect in the first half. They Tried Joe Burrow played an awesome second half. He Always has to. Yeah. He has to put the team on his back constantly. And you know, maybe if they had done more on offense in the first half 'cause they only scored six points in the first half. But I'm, I'm sad that the Bengals can't make the playoffs. I wish they just put 'em in the Playoffs. Yeah. 'cause they're not making the Playoffs. I think I'm ready to officially say the Bengals are not gonna make the Playoffs. I'm gonna look at the Playoffs and when they come out, I'm gonna think that the Bengals would be favored over like 70%. They Might not be favored over 'em, but they would be the team no one wants to play.


Yeah, 100%. What is Yeah, they have to play the Steelers, the cow. I mean, they have to win every game. They have to win every game. They have to, they have to, they have to run the table. They have to go six and oh down the stretch to finish 10 and seven and have a chance to make the playoffs. And they have to play the Steelers twice. So I don't know how they're gonna win every game. And the Broncos are in there as well. I don't know how I, We've said, we've also said the same thing about the Bengals for I think the last five weeks, which Just, but they keep losing games like this where they look. Yeah, their offense looks incredible and T Higgins was finally back and he was awesome and they just put themselves in such a hole this season. They Say that when reporters tweet about how you can tell if t Higgins is gonna play why it's based on how he goes up the hill to practice.


Oh. Because the Bengals have to cross the street to get to their practice facility. And then there's a small hill that they have to go up. And I think when he doesn't, when he is not gonna play that week, he walks up the hill and when he is gonna play Got it. He does like a little jog up it, Hey Mike Brown, why wouldn't you just pay T Higgins and Jamar Chase and because they're really fun to watch in tandem and they're really, really hard to defend. Yeah. Really, really hard to defend. I Don't, he I just think he doesn't want to pay him. Yeah. No, I, he's cheap and it's gotta be so frustrating for Bengals fans. 'cause this team like you, you're gonna look back at this season and it's going to be a season that you just like, how did we blow this?


How did we not make it to the playoffs? We had it. We we you lost the Patriots Week won you, you lost the Ravens in two games where you could have easily won either of them. I think he, this game tonight, I think Evan McPherson makes a kick and it's totally different. I think Mike Brown looks at his receivers and he's like, I guess I have to pay one of you guys 'cause you have to have one good receiver. But the more I pay my second receiver, that just means I'm gonna have to pay my quarterback more in like six years. Yeah. So I don't wanna do that either. Also, I, I, I gave you guys the stat about Matt Ebra in one score games. Zach Taylor also not great in one score games. So he is 39% in one score games, which is third worst or second worst of active coaches.


'cause Dennis Allen was second, but he's not an active coach anymore. By the way. Max Nick Siri is second best behind only Kevin O'Connell. These are from Stad Hole in one score games pretty good. Great coach. Pretty good. But how many of those are backdoor one score games? I don't know Where You've got two score game and then you, you take your foot off the gas. Who? For for Nick Ciani. Yeah. I'm just saying. Yeah. Yeah. True. That's a good Point. Gotta think about it. You do have to think about it. Consider a thought. Okay. Thought and how'd you process it? I don't know. By the way, thank you to everyone who bet with us on the TD parlay. We hit one Decisively Easy decisive.


Next week on, when we do our show on Thursday, we have to be decisive. Shout out that a WL told me you guys need to be decisive when you don't. When you're not decisive. It's got a 0% chance of hitting JK Dobbins. He, he was like an exclamation point with the second touchdown. Yeah. They didn't even want him to score the first one. They were in three plays without him on the field. All right. So I heard some people saying that JK Dobbins should have gone down instead of scoring that last touchdown. I say to that person, you need a better understanding of the history of the Los Angeles charges. Yeah, I'm okay. Like, yes, Joe Burrow had 18 seconds left. There's a lot that can go wrong with a fuel goal in that min in that, in that. Yeah. I'll take a chance with that. Yeah, I'll take a chance with that for sure. 'cause especially, I mean you, we know kicks, kicks get blocked The Broncos last week that happens.


Yep. That happens. Okay. I have a, what it did, it happened last week. They Had no kicks Get blocked. It kicks, gets blocked. They do sometimes they get blocked. But Broncos against the Chiefs. Yeah.


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Q ZIPPs polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts, 20% off your purchase Rollback dot com promo code. Take, do we wanna do a quick, who can win the Super Bowl? Recap?


Yeah. Bills, I think it's Bills Steelers, Chiefs Steelers, Ravens Chargers. Yeah. Hey, doesn't think the Chargers can Win the Super Bowl. Do you know? And you know they can't, we were arguing about this in the studio when the Chargers were up and then Big Cat was like, save for the show, save for the show. Chargers C proceeded to blow the lead. They charger, lead they charger. And then he was like, I take it all back. But now it's like, now I'm back. But, but you know, I think in that, that 30 minutes showed you everything that I was saying was correct and that yes, they're a good team. Yes. They have Harbaugh. Yeah. They have a good quarterback. Sure. They're I want them To win beating So bad now. They're not beating the Chiefs. They're not beating the Steelers. They're not beating the Ravens. They're not beating the Lions.


They're probably not beating the Eagles. They, they're not winning the Super Bowl. They, they will make the playoffs. They might win a game in the playoffs. They will not win the Super Bowl. Still a good bet. If you want to, if you're gonna cash out, that's 40 to one. The Conversation started 35 to one. We talked about it at 45. One, they're down to 20 to one. But if you don't cash out, it's a bad bet. But that was good eyes. But you have to cash out. But It was good. Eyes admit, admit that part. Bet admit that part. Yeah, Kind of. We talked about it At 45 to one, they're down to 20 to one. Are you gonna cash out? I thi I Hank has put me in, Hank has put me in a spot now where I don't think I can because I want them to win the Super Bowl. I'm gonna, gonna out of them. You're gonna, if You're not gonna cash out, gonna out one of them, it's then it's a bad bet.


I have 30 very definition. I have a 35 to one in 40. No, no, because the charges could win the Super Bowl. And then when they do, I'm gonna laugh in your face. I Think it's a good benefit To catch out. What do you have to do if they win the Super Bowl? Eat my, eat a column. I don't know. I think you have to get a back tattoo of a lightning bolt or A cat. I, I like, I'll get a lightning bolt tat if the charger shoot Like I'm talking Ben Affleck Back tattoo. No, but I will get a back tattoo of a lightning bolt if the Chargers Super Bowl this year. Depends how much they win the Super Bowl by How 10 points inch for every point. So how But what are we starting with One inch to Win the Super Bowl? They have one. That's It. If they win the Super Bowl by one, they, I'll get a one inch charger or a blending bolt.


If they win by 2020 Inches. 20 Inches. I mean now I need this. I think Hank you should have to buy the Boltman costume. I need 'em to blow 'em out. Okay. So Chargers are not in the, could win the Super Bowl according to Hank. I I would also agree. I Think it Max It's a good bet if you cash out, but they cannot win the Super Bowl. Max. Would you find it interesting that the two people who don't think the Chargers win the Super Bowl with the two people who already cashed out the Chargers future that we place as a podcast together from comradery? Not Me. That was because of responsible gambling. Are you saying that you don't encourage responsible Gambling? I'm just saying that you guys both, if you guys had stayed, stayed the course as a podcast, I got too many future.


Would you be thinking differently? I did. I don't like to give away money. I like to actually have a chance to win it. Yes. Also, there's, there's just too many Cash out for a loss. You could've Stayed the court jk Dobbin two plus, Huh? Yeah. Yeah. Cash outta that and be the bango whatever. Fuck You Max. Alright, well I then I was just, and then in the NFC I'm gonna say the Eagles and the Lions, maybe the Cardinals. I don't know. No, Not the Cardinal 49 ERs could make a run. No, I, I don't think so. I don't They could make a run. I could see them. I could see, I could still see the Vikings. No. Come on. I could, let's Get serious Falcons.


No, No. Were you, were you listening when we talked about the Falcons? I can't rush the passer. Getting to, we're getting to the, to, to the real football time. Maybe the Packers We're getting No Jordan Love just throws, picks stinks. He gets lucky. Okay, let's do who's back of the week and wrap up the show. Good. Show boys


Coors Light, our friends at Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week you got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram and tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt, five winners will be selected every Saturday until December 7th. So remember when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold refresher of Coors Light. Coors Light's, mountain cold refreshment literally made it chill. Coors Light's, cold lager, cold filtered and cold package. It's as crisp and refreshing as the Rockies Perfect for a moment to unwind. Even the biggest rivals Agree When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game you choose Chill and then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivers straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


The Bengals also could win the Super Bowl If they were allowed to play in it. If they can get in, if they can run the table, they could win the Super Bowl. If if, yeah, if the FL stepped into the last second and said every team from the AFC has been disqualified Bengals your our only hope, then I would, I would think that they could but then they'd lose. Yeah, they would lose in a tragic fashion. Yeah. Yeah. I feel bad for Bengals fans. Same. I mean that, think about if you're, yeah, I feel bad for Bengals fans 'cause that was like what, three years ago bro head all that stuff. Well and they're playing well and it's like the Chiefs are playing bad but they're like, I feel like the Bengals have played better than the Chiefs have this whole season. The thing. Yeah.


I'm not joking. Yeah. I mean they've gotten, they've gotten, they've had offensively they have some bad losses. Offense. See when we think about like playing better, we think about offense. Yeah. They, their offense has been Better. Defense. Defense has Been bad defense. Very bad Chief's Defense is very Good. The tough part about being a Bengals fan is also that you, you know that you're not gonna go out and fix your needs in free agency. No, No. You're gonna have to have, I feel bad like a great draft next year. Yeah. I feel very bad because Yeah, if you had talked to a Bengals fan after the 2021 season, when they go to a Super Bowl, you're like, this is gonna be awesome. And this is the worst part about sports is like Joe Burrow gets injured for a year, year gone.


Defense is bad. You know, takes a huge step back and it's bad a year gone. And it's just like you start doing the math in your head and you're like, fuck. Where, how, how are we three years down the road And we, we haven't been even like remotely back to it. Yeah. But at times you look like you're back. Yeah. They play fun, fun offense. But yeah, they're defense. They're, they're, they've not played better than the Chiefs this year. Take it back. No, I test. I test My test. Alright. Who's back of the week? Who's back of the week? Is Rory McElroy? Yes. He won the race to Dubai. Yes. He Said that. He said that's what he was focusing on. Right. That's all he cares about. The prestigious race to Dubai. It's his sixth race to Dubai.


He loves racing to Dubai. He does it and wins every year. It's The perfect tournament for him. 'cause we're all watching football and so he has no pressure and he, if he chokes, no one would even know. Yeah. It was, it was actually like when I woke up this morning and opened my phone because it's Dubai. It was the first thing I saw. So no one even watched it either. No. So it was like congrats to Rory for winning at the race eight This morning. So was this in, it was in Dubai. I don't know. I don't know if it's like one of those Well They raced to it. Yeah, I think it, it's to like horse race where they race across the desert. Yeah. I dunno if it's like one of those where they start in one place and go and end up in Dubai. I'm not sure. But he won the road to Dubai. Yeah.


So now does he have to go to Dubai? I think he's, I think he won it there. So that's confusing. The road to Dubai is played in Dubai. Yeah. Well no, the road to Dubai leads up to it. I think It's the race to Dubai. Yeah, it's the race to Dubai. And then he leads up to what he won today. The DP world tour. What's this trophy is incredible. Look at this thing. That's Why he's so focused on it. Yeah, he loves it. He's got six. What This Like walking stick. It's a scepter. Why? Why? That's A, why to Get two trophies To hold up six for this trophy is quite something. Quite something. Yeah. It's like Jordan. Yeah. One more. One more. Ty Brady. Yeah. Good for Rory. The best to ever do it.


Good For Rory. Good for Rory. His home course. Yeah. Okay. PFT your who's back of the week. My who's back of the week is the Cleveland Cavaliers. Oh, Cavs are back. They played a, they they put a graphic on the broadcast tonight. I'd like you guys to take a guess about this. Who do you think leads the NBA and wins player that has the most wins in the NBA since the year 2020? Who has the most wins in the NBA Since the 2020? Yep. Since the 2020 season. What player? It's Gotta be Donovan Mitchell if you're asking that question. Yeah. No it does not.


It is the minivan. George Yang. Oh that makes sense. George Yang. Wow. Two 14 Nicola Yoic distanced second with only 203 wins. Then Tatum what with 2 0 2 Drew Holiday with 201 wins. Huh? Weird Stat. Good for him. I don't Know how that works out. Good for him. And then also along those same lines, inside the NBA is back. Yeah because they've agreed to keep it running. Next year they're gonna license it to ESPN. So it's not going off the Air. I'm happy we did a whole year where we said that it was gonna be gone forever and everyone got really upset. It's like, I remember at the end of last year when, when we were, everyone was pretending like it was done forever.


I was like, wait, they have another year. They're gonna get it figured Out. Yeah. So they they got a, they got a victory lap and a goodbye tour. Yeah, They did an obi. They did. They did an obituary. They did a, they did a, you know they did a funeral for themselves. That's Gotta be regular season wins. It probably is regular season wins. But it didn't, let's see what the graphic Says here. Yeah, it's gotta be regular season wins 'cause he played on the Sixers and that's not Why Are you still upset About that? I'm not just most, I'm not most player wins since 2020. That's a crazy stack. Good for, good for George. Yeah. He's our guy front of the program. Yeah. I mean that makes sense. Didn't the Sixers get the one seat A couple years? Yeah, the Sixers were good. Yeah, they were good. Regular Season.


Regular season. They were really good. Good Football season. It's football. Football Season. It's Football season. What are they Good this year? I actually have a fun stat too. Jared McCain's really good. This Is stat about the Celtics. This was sent over from our stats guy Paul Jason Tatum traveled. He Oh, is, is, is is Paul bald or Stats guy Never met our stats Guy. I've never seen, I've never seen him. Paul, I've never seen him without a a hat on is Paul. Paul I Couldn't tell you. When you say, when you say stats, what kinda stats are we talking about? This. So he, he sent this. Is that, are you talking about the bar he likes to go to? By stats do you mean body count? No, the stat was that Paul sent. It was the 76 ERs are 11 games back. 12 games into their season. I love The Gaz G His Clips of this show are so they crack me up every time.


He just takes every pro Hank stand. Yeah, He just says your tell your he tweets a clip of Hank and says tell your co-host. So like That's a good stat though. It relevant Good to the show. What do you think about that Stat max? What is the stat again? The Sixers are 11 games back, 12 games into their season. How Is that possible? How's that possible to do? Yeah. Isn't that, I don't know. That's That's insane. I trust our STAs department. That's Insane. They're 12 games Back. Look at this. Travel from Jason. Look at this. What Are they? 12 games back? 1, 2, 3. The One seed, four Dribble. He was doing like a Oh wait, was that breakdown? The game winning buzzer?


Beater three. He had last night Travel. Did you see the flagrant when, when Jalen Brown almost got a sol didn't watch the game in the back Travel Also Shout out to Julie's. No, it's in, it's it's, they, they cut it before this clip. One second before this clip, Jaylen Brown almost got killed. Jason Tatum had to improvise. Catch the game. Winning three. Who'd they beat The Raptors. Got it. Raptors are having a good year, right? They were playing good last night. It went to overtime. Alright. You would suck a dick to beat the Raptors. They're same record as us. You still suck it. The alright, my who's back? You Play in the playoffs. I think the Raptors beat us earlier in the year. Oh Shit. That's a good question.


Hank, what'd you Say? So remember when you guys played in the Playoffs? Oh, I do remember that. Nope. That's when the process died. I wasn't, I I didn't exist yet. I Wasn't born yet. Yeah, you did. No, he didn't exist on this show. He Existed to me. Yeah, That's true. Alright. My who's back of the week is being a national sports podcast. 'cause people really like that. So Quick National Sports podcast, the Jake Paul, Mike Tyson fight. I guess credit to Jake Paul for not knocking out Mike Tyson. And we, we said it before, but this has been two decades of me buying. I guess I didn't buy the fight 'cause it was Netflix of watching Mike Tyson fights and being like, well all it takes is one punch.


'cause he's iron Mike. He had no chance of winning that. And Jake Paul took mercy on his soul, Which should never happen in a boxing match. Like, you should not spend rounds taking mercy on your opponent. But I'm happy he did because It would've been sad. I I I get it. No, listen, it was the right move for him to do. I'm just saying the entire setup of it. Oh yeah. If you're talking about like, I, I always respect a guy in the U ffc that clearly knocks his opponent out and doesn't go in for the kill shot. Yeah. And like try to kill him as he's on the ground unconscious. That's a cool thing to do. But if you're gonna have a boxing match that is licensed as a boxing match, it should not be one guy taking like his foot off the gas trying not to hurt his Opponent. Counterpoint. Mike Tyson is 60 years old And he also got five transfusions of blood.


Yeah. He said he almost died over the summer. Yeah. He couldn't, He couldn't move forward. Like I was, I just, I was fixated on his right knee and how it, no, He couldn't do anything As a national podcast. We need to start the movement and take a stand. Because the worst part about that fight is that I think the takeaway was that it was a success and it Was, it was not such a shitty, it was not shitty. It was not Shitty sporting event. But because of the numbers and the viewership and all that bullshit, they're gonna be like, oh, we need to do more of this when it was so bad. Okay. So as a national sports podcast, I think we should, we need, We need to bring back real fights. I Think we Should like, like John Jones who's a beast. Yeah. National Sports Podcast. He's a beast. He's all the way back. I'll say something good about the fight one, it was very easy to find an illegal stream of it because Netflix just fucked up Netflix and they're doing Christmas games.


They're, they're not ready. Netflix not ready. Netflix. Netflix is not ready. I I couldn't get it to load on my phone on my tv. It didn't work. It didn't work. But the good thing about what happened with that fight was after watching that shitty, shitty match, I immediately went on YouTube and watched hours Oh yeah. Of good boxing matches. Yeah. I watched Hearn Haggler, I watched Castile Corrales, two of them. I watched all the Katie Taylor fights because she's fun to watch too. Yeah. She's a dirty, she's a dirty fighter. But in a good way. We saw that first one. Yeah. Yeah. I got a question As the National Sports podcast and this circle of trust, PFT feel free to be honest. And, And we don't Have to. I always am. Okay.


When I rode with you on the under six and a half rounds. Yeah. Did you know there were two minute rounds? I did. Okay. But yeah. 'cause when I turned on the fight, I was like, fuck, they're two minute. No. That National Sports podcast. National Sports podcast. And, And it, I'm being completely honest. Yeah. When I put the bet in, I did not know that there were two minute rounds. But Were you gonna tell me when you told me to put the bed in? But, but then I found out not long after I put the bet in and I started telling people I love this bet. I found out there were two minute rounds and I was like, I still really like this bet. So I felt more, I felt just as comfortable with two minute rounds. I wish I had known the two minute rounds. Okay. I did not. And when I, when I turned it on, wouldn't I appreciate your honesty.


Yeah. Wouldn't That have pissed? Doesn't that piss you off? Even though it was whatever, like the right thing to do. He didn't knock him out. It's like people are gonna bet it is officially saying. Right. Fuck No. Yeah. That's what pisses me off. No, yeah, of course. But I, it was so apparent that Mike Tyson shouldn't have been in that ring. Like, I didn't want to see him get knocked out. He's fucking, it was elder abuse. That third round was elder abuse. That was the round where Jake Paul was like, I'm gonna start unloading. And Mike Tyson couldn't move. And then for the rest of the fight he is like, I'm just gonna, and I think he obviously, like there was the whole story that Jake Paul's dad, like was his Mike Tyson super fan. And, and I don't know. They, they just, let's stop doing it. Mike Tyson's done it. He's been done for 20 years.


He was washed 20 years ago. This is stupid. Jake Paul, fight someone your own age please. He did. He lost. Yeah. He lost the only guy his own age. That's right. Also, What's ridiculous about this is that Mike Tyson said afterwards, like it was, it was an honor for my family in the crowd to be able to watch me fight in a fight like this. Yeah. He wanted his family to see him get his ass kicked as a 6-year-old man, I Don't get that. I think he wanted his family to see him be in a one last big fight. And also he wanted to see his family cash. $20 million. That's true. The money was the part, the money's pretty good. That was the part, there was a report that the fight was not going to be officially sanctioned at all. But then Jerry Jones wanted to make more money off of it.


Yeah. So Jerry Jones circumvented the Texas Boxing Commission or whatever, called the governor and just said, Hey, can, can we just certify this fight as a legit fight? Yeah. And it was done. Yeah. It should never have been a legit fight. No. It was that rules, this, this is this whole thing. Kind Of agree with Hank. Like that's, to have that kind of power, it's, it's like old, there's like game of throne shit. Yeah, yeah. Jake. Yeah. They just showed Mike p Mike Tyson using a cane to walk two years ago. Also his ass cheeks were very funny. That was, that was worth it. Alone. That was such a great clip also. And Taylor Serrano was a, Was a good match. Yes. Although Serrano gets bang job every Time. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, credit to Jake Paul, he put a very good female fight. Right, right. Like that elevated it.


But yeah, we should stop with that. Jake Paul fight someone your own age please. Also as a national sports podcast. We shout out our guy Rick Petino because he tried to, he silenced the crowd at MSG today because he was beating his son, coach of New Mexico. And the crowd started chanting Hoos your daddy. And he was like, please stop. Let's keep it classy guys. Keep it classy. And as a national sports podcast, I just wanna say, I dunno if you guys have seen Marcus Johnson on Bowling Green, but he's, he might be better than DJ Burns. He's a big man who shoots threes and he's fucking awesome. He looks so smooth doing it. So smooth.


Did you guys see him? No. Pull it up. Here We go. He is, he's a tank. He's a tank And he's just ws threes and he, like, he, he has handle, he put, he put 26 I think on Michigan State, at Michigan State. It was awesome to watch. So we need to get Bowling Green Bengals into the playoffs. Bowling Green into the tournament. 'cause he's, he, he's got. He's doing everything. He's just a, that's a nice turnaround. Smooth, big man left, right. Whatever you need three pointers in the, in the paint. He can do it all. What was his stat line for this game? 'cause I realized we also just only are watching his makes. Like, that would be really funny if he was 10 for like 28.


That's fine. The Misses don't, don't matter. No, that that one part of the highlight cut away before the ball even got to the basket. Probably a miss. Yeah, but he's as a national sports podcast, we need to say Marcus Johnson. He's awesome. I Always love that when they show, like either hockey compilations or, or soccer, where something cool happens and then it just stops before He actual, he's nine for 24. Oh god. Well, the highlight tape was cool. Nine for 24. He is one for 11 for three. He was one for 11 for three. We size his one made three. He's the Spice Adams game. Oh my God. That's incredible.


Oh, that's so good. I don't regret a, I still, I don't regret either a single thing. I said no, actually, you know what? Spin it the other way. Just have him stop shooting threes because if he didn't shoot any threes, he would've been eight for 13 in the game. He was smooth. Now let the man shoot One for 11 from three is hilarious. And then to have a highlight tape of him hitting one three that was just so wet. And you're like, oh man, he's a lethal three point shooter. National Sports podcast. A kins now 29 away from the record. Oh, he's unhuman. That is a big, I think he's got 11 goals in the last 10 games, By the way. He did. He he, he's not a terrible three point shooter. He went five for 10, two for five. Five for six in his other three games. So National Sports podcast.


Maybe he should keep shooting threes. What was the score of the game? They only lost for like six. So also wrong What? Lost by 14. That was close. So, so he had to shoot. That was close. He had pretty close. Pretty close. Yeah. Where he's, where's he been? Where'd he play before this or has he been on Bowling Green? You find that they also have Losses to Southern Miss and Davidson. They're not gonna make, they're He's awesome. I said he should be in the tournament. They're not gonna make the tournament. So it's not like the Taylor Trojan. But he still was awesome. That highlight tape was sick.


Where has he been playing before? Did he play It sounds like a local two or something. It sounds like a local, you don't think this, you think we're no longer National Sports podcast because of this? It sounds like that. This sounds like a beat reporter, you know, covering their local team. Dude, big man balling is National Sports Podcasting news. You know that. Come on. Got a Win. Taylor's an NAIA team. That's the only win that they have The Nation wants. Oh, he was? Yeah. He, the nation wants winners. He was a division two player last year, so the Na Marcus Johnson's a winner. I don't know if if you just take out the win. I don't know if we want winners. We want big dudes that Can move. Yeah. Doing cool Shit. We want Big Boy grilling on the roof. That's what the nation wants. One for 11 from three is so funny.


That Highlight tape had me like he was a lottery pick after I watched that highlight tape. So one for left. So smooth. All right. That was good. National Sports Podcasting. Okay. National Sports Podcast. WNB. A draft happened or the lottery happened to, yeah. Who Ended up winning? I know The Sky got the third pick. Forget National Sports Podcast. Dallas. Dallas, okay. That's your national sports podcast update. Let's do numbers. 3 12, 11 77. Oh memes. 85. Nine. Nine. Pug. Oh, his mic wasn't on 99. Pug. Shane. Shane.


73. That was Jack. Shane. What? Give us the number. And also Chargers. 21. What about 'em? Just, you know, what about 'em? It's a great win. Yeah, a great win. Not the Chargers anymore. Not the Chargers. That was the game they lose a hundred times out of a hundred. Staley would've lost that by 30. Yeah. Yep. Every coach of yours ever would've lost that. Harbaugh. Harbaugh. Nine. Nine. Love you guys.