
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music on today's Pardon My Take. Week four of the NFL Victory. Monday on this side of this of the desk. Feels good. We're gonna do Fastest. Two minutes. We're gonna break down every game from Sunday. There was some awesome football all weekend long. And then we're gonna do who's back in the week to send you into your Monday.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings TD Tudy taken into the house in for six whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more. Draftking Sports Book, An official sports book. partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or defense. We don't care how they score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and DraftKings Sports book is delivering Ready to place your first bet Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Or. how many tds will be in a game? Go to the DraftKings Sports Book app and Make your pick Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get 200 in Bonus bets instantly. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download. the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five Bucs only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see dk nng.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy Pardon My Take. Welcome to Pardon My Take, presented by DraftKings Download, the DraftKings Sports app. You use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits when you bet. Just five Bucs only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, September 30th, week Four.


What what? Some spread Football. We started in Atlanta where Ca Hodge brought the team on a pilgrimage to Mecca AKA, the end zone for six to start the scoring after Rashid Shahid Wallace said, the ball don't lie in my hands. I don't wanna be anyone other than what I've been As a running back lately as Tay some One Tree Hill tried to get his team to an NFCW, but it was the Falcons with no timeouts left. Using the leg of laugh is a young way.


I want to kick it. 58 yards long to seal the victory for Atlanta Falcons. 26 Saints. 24 What? What? We go up to Wisconsin where the Packers got served. A healthy dish of green eggs. And Sam, as Donald said, I will only throw one interception today I will throw three touchdowns past Green Bay. Justin Jefferson Davis said, you can't cover my entire route tree son. And the Vikings Pass succeeded against a Packers depleted secondary. The Green Day Packers in the month two and two saying once again, wake me up when September ends the Vikings 31, the Packers 28 In Carolina, where Chupa Hubbard said, suck it amigo running for over a hundred yards in a touchdown.


The Bengals went to the ATM and took out their chase card for pay dirt as Jamar and Brown scored three touchdowns combined. David Leper looks like he had all the Panthers fingers and hands falling off as the Bengals win. The Battle of the Jungle Cats. Bengals 30. Bengals 34 Panthers 24 And. we head out to the air, we stay in the NFC South, the Bucs and the Eagles. With our reporter Max Deante. We head over to Tampa. Tampa where the Eagles officially suck. Rashad W-H-I-T-E. Goodman had the Eagles defense looking like average Joes Eagles fans have had enough of Bryce, not so tough as he once again had another game with no tackles and no quarterback pressures.


Darius Fla got cooked all day and went on to Twitter to talk about how many fucking pro bowls he has. Nick Siri stinks. This team stinks. Bucs 33, Eagles 16. Oh, thank you Max. That was great. Ah, let's stick. Let's go to the A FC East with memes up in New York, We had the MetLife stadium where Zach Wilson wanted to soak in all the memories of days when the rain came with Robert Sal. La La la la la la la la la la La. You can't coach. Hi, I'm Jaleel Sarah McLaughlin. Every Sunday innocent Jets fans are abused, beaten and neglected and, and they're crying out for help. Please call the number on your screen right now to help a Jets fan today while he run all over your defense in the second half, Alec Lizard Baldwin needed proof that his gun was fake, but the refs didn't believe him while Greg Sirloin was over overcooked.


Leaving fans with a bad taste in their mouth. Broncos 10, Jets nine. Great job memes. We head over to Indy where Anthony Richardson came out looking a little grungy. And what's that sound? Flaco Sun. Won't you come and wash away or pain Flaco Sun. You are not done. That was fun. Justin. How does it Fields was like a rolling stone into the end zone scoring twice Shane. The rise and fall of the third Ste end wins this battle of two teams that used to look up to Arians Colts. 27. The Steelers 24 In Chicago, where Collibra Williams in the Bears offense got Swift boated as Deandre had 16 John Kerry's for 93 yards in a touchdown.


dj more, more, more said. How do you like it? How do you like it? As he scored to give the Bears a second half lead, which was enough after Sean McVay went out. Like Moses leaning on his staff for Bears 24. Rams 18. I should have said Staff Ford or Bears. 24 Rams 18. Ah, out west in the afternoon, Henry Lockwood. We go down to San Jose. Jake Mad Eye moody. Hold. Hold on. I don't think you got the throw for that. Hey, he's okay. He's okay. He's okay. Power through. Boom. Your throat's not built For, come On. Boom. Jake Mad Eye Moody showed he had Aura in the first quarter knocking down two field goals to get the score goal.


Fred Kurt Warner bagged an interception clean off the bone of a Jacoby brisket throw and he could go all the way for a defensive touchdown. Brock of house Purdy United. Sir Gregor GaN Kettle with a mountainous dime in the fourth quarter in the end zone and the quarter of the end zone quarter corner quarter. And Jordan Mason Ramsey Yole ole his way into the end zone to cap off a 30 to 13 victory for the San Francisco Super 49 ERs. Great job. Hank Down to Arizona, where Jayden Danielson took on Cobra Kyler Murray as Mr. Jeremy Agi.


McNichols swept the leg with two touchdowns. Bobby Wagner group might be a mercenary, but he helped the Commies put a put in their ass. Cliff King's member Berry member when he coached the Cardinals. Remember that? And then he put 42 on their head. 'cause I remember Commanders 42, the car NOS 14 Standing on the corner. Jamis Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fine sight to see. It's paying a smile. Lord, don't peg us. 'cause we're so, God, we hate the referees.


It sucks because we luck down Noby and our QB shares some traits with Bill Cosby. The Raiders 20 Brown 16. And that is the Fastest. Two minutes from week four in the NFL.


It is all brought to you by our friends. It's Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of Pardon, My, Take jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado has helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year is Grit Week. And Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west with our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit too. Legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com to build our Your own Silverado or Silverado, HGD and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week four in the books we're watching the fourth quarter of the Ravens Bills game. Looks like the Ravens are all the way back. Big. Cat. Yeah. I got two words for you. Yeah, you know what they are? Big D. Big D. Big D. Big D. That it's like a stiff arm out there. That Big D That's Skip Bail is saying Big D Derrick Henry. Yeah. The the Raven, the Ravens we knew had an awesome, awesome rushing offense. Bill's rushing defense looks extremely suspect. Yeah. We kind of knew that a little bit though. But they're getting big boyed. They're getting bullied around. It was, yeah. It's, it's one of those, the bills coming back down to Earth. The Ravens ascending back to what we expected preseason after an oh two start.


There also is just nothing more intimidating than the Ravens going all blacks in on a Sunday night game. I know. At home. Yeah. It's just, it, it's something about it Under the lights. The all black uniforms are amazing. They should never wear the All Blacks in the, in the light of day. Yeah. It adds like five points of strength to every player. Yeah. There is like some studies that have been done that show that teams that wear red are more intimidating. Mm. And like overall, they tend to win more. That might have been skewed because at the time the study was done, I think Man United was like rolling off six EPLs or whatever It was. Yeah. And the Chiefs in Georgia And the Chiefs Yeah. And Georgia. But yeah, the all black uniforms, if they're on a good team, they make that good team better.


Yes, I agree. I agree. All right. So Also Lamar Jackson is good now. He's no longer a fat ass. Like apparently he was last year. Yeah, he's slender man. And he's killing it. And yeah, Derrick Henry is, I mean he's seven yard touchdown. I did not think Big D had an 87 yard touchdown still in his bag. That's The crazy part is he weighs what, like 250 pounds maybe. Yeah. And yeah, and nobody could catch him. No one could catch him. No one could chase him down. It was wild. It was shocking. Yeah. So we'll, we'll we will put a bow on it when the game goes final. But the Ravens dominate and it was one of those nights where Josh Allen was not, he wasn't fully crisp. Josh Allen And. we had the disaster play where everything went wrong when they looked like they were gonna get back in the game. And they did what, what even was that play?


It was like he was out wide and then they, they lateraled it to him. They Got cute with it is what they did. Did they got way too cute With with it. They got cute with it. They, they lateraled to him. He tried to bomb it. He got strip sacked and then he also got a dome piece to the don't piece. Yeah. Don't piece to the dome piece. All right. So docking, let's start with hand up. I was wrong. Oh, Derrick Henry just fumbled into the end zone and I don't know what the pile is. All right, we'll we'll stop updating this game. But I was wrong. I thought that the Packers would win this game. Vikings 31, Packers 29. I am now officially ready to take the Vikings. For real. I, I needed this win for them to, to take them fully for real. And Sam darn, I maybe he is just different now because he is, the game started and he tried to throw an interception on like the second pass of the game.


It wa he he it someone just dropped it on the Packers. He threw it right at him. And then from that point forward, I think he started like 10 of 13, 130 yards and three passing touchdowns. And they were up 28 to nothing in a blink of an eye. Yeah. He was doing this without Addison and without Kinison he got Addison back. And having Addison out there makes a big difference too for that offense. Yes. Like I actually think that the Minnesota Vikings are, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say it. They're for real. They are for Real. I heard a couple people, I heard some national, some talking heads Teddy Bruski saying this is gonna be a true colors game for Sam Donald where he was gonna show his true colors. Yeah. Go back to being old Sam. He is Antisemetic. I am not antisemetic.


I, I believe in Sam, I believe more so I think it's a perfect fit for him. Yeah. It's the receivers are in Incre. Sam Darn is not all of a sudden a top three quarterback, but he is playing like a top three quarterback. And the Rece, he has some of the best, I mean, Justin Jefferson's the best receiver in, in football. Yeah. He's got great weapons. He's got a great system, great head coach. Yep. And he's, he is playing well. I don't wanna take anything away from Sam. No, I'm not Like Thought experiment. If the season ended today, he might not be MVP, but he would be maybe second or third for MVP. Mm. Season ended today. MVP Because going into tonight it was like Josh Allen. It Was Josh Allen, Nico Collins. I Think you have to talk about Jaden Daniels.


Jaden Daniels. That's why you did this. Actually, that's exactly why he did this. I didn't think about it. That's exactly why he did conversation. Not true. But once I started going with, I fell With the trap. Touche. Once I started going, that was well done. I realized, wait a second, wait a second. It's, it's completely Well done. Listen, it's foreign to me to have somebody that I could say that about that wouldn't be considered utter jokes. So I'm not planning, I don't know enough about how to, how to act like I've been there before. 'cause I've never been there before. So I'm not, I'm not laying traps for anybody. But I thought, But it's a good trap. I it was a good trap. But I, I think Sam darn would be in that conversation. This is good because Max is starting to get a little angry. I think he'd be lower. He's shaking James Daniels though now that you bring it up. Well, Sam darn is A good point. Hank Sam Darn is the first qb. It makes lot sense.


He's the first QB to win to start 4.0 and have at least two passing touchdowns in each of his first four starts. That's crazy. He's, he's been playing incredible. Justin Jefferson is a maniac. He that not even the touchdown pat catch that he caught like with one hand against his chest. The catch he made at the end of the game, like it was, I think it was late fourth quarter along the sideline. Sam Donald kinda led him too far. I don't understand the guy, like his body control is so out of this world to get that extra foot down, it's, he's just so, so good. He is so much better than everyone else. And again, not taking anything away from Sam Donald, but Justin Jefferson is just that special.


And this game was, they jumped all over him. My question for you, PFT is, does Malik Willis win this game? So That's a good question. Big Cat because thank you. I I've come the other way around. Yeah. Now, now I think that Malik Willis is the best fit for that offense. Jordan Love, I think came back a little too soon. Yeah. I think he's rushing himself a little bit. He probably, he saw Malik out there and he is like, I don't wanna lose my job to Malik Willis. But tell you what I, in terms of, in terms of Jordan Love, I think we should turn it over to somebody who's actually been there before. Walked a mile in those shoes to hear his thoughts. Because Jordan Love got open lettered after the game. Mm. Dear Jordan, just a reminder that one game, one play or one pass doesn't define you wait to show resilience today.


You have a long career ahead. Just keep going forward. Number four. Oh. So he wore a Brett f of Jersey going into the game today. He also, in a touching tribute to Brett Favre was the first Packers quarterback to have four touchdowns and three interceptions since Brett Fav last did it in 1999. That's amazing. That's pretty cool. That is Cools a touching tribute. And also like Brett Favre, he wasn't looking out for his own welfare Yes. Today. Because he rushed himself Back too soon. Too soon. The, remember we used to joke about the Joshua Rosen stat line where he would go like 12 for 17 for 103 yards.


Yep. Jordan Love and no touchdowns or no interceptions. Jordan Love had whatever the opposite of that is. He had the fullest day possible. He went 32 for 54, 389 yards. Four touchdowns, three picks. Yeah. There we go. You felt him? There we go. Yeah. You felt his presence in the game. It, it Was good to see him back out there. No, he Got hot in the second half. I mean the end of the game he was red hot. The second Half was all Packers. Yeah, it was all Packers. So the Vikings were happy that they built up, what was it, a 28 to nothing week 28. Nothing like Instant. And then, and then there was that, was it a muff punt? So many Muff punts today. Yeah. Muff punts left and right. But at the end of the half the, the Packers got a score and then it was all Packers after That.


Shout out Matt LaFleur who, who actually did the correct thing and went for two down 14. Yes. Yes. He was big on the math today. So it was, it was a closer game than we're probably making out to see him. But I still think that Sam Donald, he's a big reason why this Vikings team is where they're at. He, they have probably the best weapons. Oh, I agree. Of any team in the NFC. But also he's done a great job and there's something about a quarterback that has to go through such absolutely shitty situations where when they finally get to a place that's steady, they just love it so much more. And so he's, Sam Donald's seen some shit in his career. Yeah. He's seen some real shit with Adam Gas then with the Panthers. And then he kind of got nursed back a little bit. Foster home. Yeah. He got Foster home by Kyle Shanahan.


Now maybe his guy's forever home. He, he, I'm sure we will have one game where Sam Dar old Sam Donald will come back. But I do believe in Sam Donald going forward. Yeah, I do. I do. I mean they're playing great ball. Their defense is great. They, they blitzed it to great effect against Jordan Love today as through the Packers. Yeah. I think you rushed Jordan Love Back. Should have done that. You might have also the Packers were down two great corners. They were So they were, and Jay Alexander, I, he likes playing against Justin Jefferson. I feel like Justin Jefferson. Well Justin Jefferson beats everyone. Yeah. So that's not really, you know, a shot at I hear Alexander. But that was a big piece of the Packers playing really good defense in the first three weeks of the season under Jeff Halfly.


But Jordan Love, I hope he doesn't, I hope he didn't find his groove. I think he found his groove second half, I think that fourth quarter he found his groove. He looked that's, that makes me scared. He looked better for sure. The second half. Yeah. If the season did end today, I would say Kevin O'Connell probably coach of the year. Kevin O'Connor. Kevin O'Connell. O'Connell. O'Connell. O'Connell. You nailed it the first time. Kevin O'Connell. Coach of the year. Probably. Yes. I'm trying to think, I think going into today you could have made an argument for Matt LaFleur, Andy Reed, maybe Andy Reed's still Pretty good. It's just always Yeah, But that's the thing. Like you can't be dominant and win Coach of the year. Todd Bowles and they just had the refs. Maybe Dan Quinn, It's a little, he's trapping us again.


He's trapping us again. It's a season end today. Would the Commanders be in the playoffs? Yeah, they'd actually win the division. There you go. Isn't that interesting? That is interesting. Good fact. Yeah. Okay. Next game or do we have anything else on this game? Oh, One thing I got right about this game was an off season. Thought Aaron Jones is is really good. And I don't know why that triangle Happened. Yeah, very strange. I mean, Josh Jacobs Like I said it in the time, I was like, he's good. I understand Josh Jacobs is good, but Aaron Jones is a really good running back and he proved it today. Yeah. He had like 139 yards total and yeah, he's good. It Was sad he didn't, he didn't get to do the Lambo leap 'cause he was gonna try to do it if he scored, ah, I think he might've done it after the game. But that's, that's a different Lambo leap.


How much is Aaron Jones getting paid? He's getting paid one year. 7 million. And how much is Josh Jacobs being paid? Let's find that out. He only gets 7 million a year. Yeah, That's what I just saw. Running backs man. Josh Jacob is getting paid 14 and a half. No, you four year 48 million. So 12, 12 million a year. I don't know. Aaron Jones were seven. Yeah. Would you rather have, I guess they didn't want to give him the long term deal. Josh Jacobs are are like one and four fifths. Aaron Jones's. Yeah. Tough, tough call. No, that's why we're not Aaron Jones is 29 years old, so that does complicate things. Like you can't Yeah, I think that was part of it is Josh Jacobs is 26.


You can give him a four year deal that you could probably cut him after two years. Aaron Jones, you, he probably wanted more years and that's hard for a 29-year-old running back. Yeah. I still think, I mean, Aaron Jones was, he was good last year. He's been good in Green Bay his entire career. Yeah. Okay, next up Falcons 26. Saints 24. This is a game. The Saints are really, really gonna be kicking themselves if they're sitting outside the playoffs the end of the year because they held the Falcons to zero offensive touchdowns and still lost 26, 24. Yeah. It's tough to Do. The last time that a team lost a game when they scored 24 points or more and gave up zero offensive touchdowns. Any guesses?


Never. No, it's happened, it's happened before, but the last team that did it was in 1983. Okay. You have to go all the way back to 1983 And. it was the Saints. Oh. It was also the Saints. The Ains. And we've got, we've got a new big stats are for losers guy. Okay. Raheem Morris dropped the stats are for losers on the press after the game. They asked him how come Kyle Pitts didn't get involved at all. Which he didn't. I don't think he had a single reception. I don't think he had a single yard. And he said, you know, in my opinion, stats, they're for losers. I honestly think, well, I love that. By the way. We always need more stats are for losers coaches out there. I think that you could convince me that somehow Arthur Smith's like game plan was left in Raheem Morris's office this morning and like, like there was just an old game plan from last year that he picked up because Bijan only had two rushes in the second half.


Yeah. And Tyler Algire had more had like eight. Yeah. Tyler, they said, they said it was a hot hand with rock, so they kept going to him. It was, Which it was seriously like last year's Falcons. It was like, what, what is happening right now? I I, I was starting to buy and the Falcons won this game, but I was starting to buy into the Falcons are fun. This is different than last year. Like this is gonna be a lot of fun. It's not gonna be a bummer. Kirk Cousins is a significant step up from Desmond Ritter. But yeah, I was like, what? What's going on? Their offense just didn't look good today, but special teams and a Pick six Did it for him. I can guarantee you and young ho Coup If if Desmond Ritter played this game, they would've lost. Yeah, I'd agree. He Probably would've screwed it up more than Kirk Cousins. I Mean, I don't even, is he on a team?


Was he on, is he on the Cardinals? I think he was, but then I don't think he made the roster. Did He get cut? I think he was, that's never a good thing. Oh no, he's, yeah, he's on the Cardinals. All I wanna know from the, from the Falcons, where was this performance? Where's this defense? During Arthur Arthur Blank Commemorative Cup night. Yeah. Seriously. Well, it was there. The Chiefs just stole it From him. You can't show up for your owner on Commemorative Cup night. This Is a ball bounces game for me. Where like the or ball don't lie. The Chiefs game, the Falcons probably played to a level. They should have won this game. The Saints probably played to a level they should have won, but the Falcons won it. So kind of evened out. But now who would you say?


So I Boxer obviously won. Yep. And they just played. But who going forward, do you believe in the Falcons more than the Saints? I I, I tend to think that. I don't know. I don't know. I think, I think they're very, very even so, when this game is played in New Orleans later on this year, I think the Saints right now, the, the entire series between these two teams, it's now 56, 55 for the Falcons. Perfect. So life finds a way, I feel like the Saints will win the next one. But they're very, I don't wanna say they're similar teams, but I think they're equally sneaky. Lucky. Good. Let me throw this out there for you. Saints hot start looked awesome. Have to compliment the two and oh, the way they did it, Bryce Young Panthers, maybe one of the worst teams of all time.


Bryce Young Panthers, Different team, Not Andy, Dalton Panthers. And the Cowboys might not be that good. The Cowboys might stink. So two and oh, can't, can't apologize for two and oh, It was an impressive two and oh. But they Just found a way in both these games the last week with the Eagles and this week with the, with the Falcons where their defense played well and they just couldn't find a way to win. I think after, so the offense that we were saying like, holy shit, it's changed everything is like, where is that? After Week two? We were, we were crowning their asses. Oh, you Have to. Yeah. It was a, it was a good 2.0. The most, the most dangerously in hockey though. Listen, if maybe in the NFL if we were ever gonna rename this podcast, it would just be the Kneejerk podcast because whatever happened two hours ago is the thing that I think is going to keep happening for the rest of time.


And then I'm shocked when something different happens. Yeah, That's, that's a fact. So Kirk had the quote of the day, I think after, after the game was over, they talked about the rivalry. It was his first experience in the Saints Falcons game, which I saw like four or five videos of fights in the stands. Yeah. It the these were different fights. Yeah. There was head stomping going on. Yeah. There was like some brutal shit that might've been Falcon on Falcon crime though. Well, you also have to remember that now that Arthur Blank's name is up in the rafters, you have to put on for your owner. You gotta defend. He's Watching. You have to defend that house God Is watching. Yeah. Arthur Blank is watching you fight and try to bash someone's brain in, in the 300 level of the Mercedes-Benz dome. Yeah. So they, they asked Kirk Cousins about the rivalry afterwards and they said, did you hear them when they were playing swag surfing?


Yeah. And Kirk said, yeah, they're playing that song about the swag, the surf. This is exactly, I was like, this is pretty sweet. It's exactly what I Expected. Yeah. Perfect, perfect answer. From Kirk Cousins. I want, there should be a travel show where Kirk Cousins just gets to experience like Atlanta culture. Yeah. And just watching him do it. Yeah, I would, I would watch that every day of the week in A magic city. Who's, who do the Saints have next week? Hmm. Let's find out. Let's play Whose line is anyway? Can you give it to me? Hank can you give it to me? You got it. Who do they got? Hank? You should just be on, on on Constant. They have, whose line is it anyway? Duty the Chiefs. Oh, where? Oh wait, no, they might have a buy. Oh, Their next game against the Chiefs at Kansas City.


I Forgot. We have buys That Buys Monday, October 7th, bro. Yeah, Monday, October 7th, bro. Come On bro. I Bad math At the Chiefs. Yeah. Saints head Chiefs. Chiefs minus five. I'm going to say Chiefs. Oh four and a half. Six and a half. Final answer. Four and a half Is Chiefs minus five and a half. Ah, All right. I I, I am actually surprised when I said six and a half. I thought to myself, that's too high. You dummy. But I would think that it would be lower than that given the injuries for the Chiefs.


That's why I went five to four and a half. Yeah. Okay. The model, our, our, our advanced analytical model in our brands. Knowing these two franchises, I I'm just gonna take Chief's money line. Just let the chips fall with it, man. It feels like say it's my cover, but Chief's money line. Yeah. I can't, I can't, I don't think I can picture the New Orleans Saints playing in Kansas City. Has that ever happened in the history of the NFL? There's so many matchups that you obviously know, but this one is one where it's like, wait, this doesn't make sense. Yeah. Like, have the Jaguars ever played the Giants? No. In London Maybe. Yeah, in London for sure.


Yep, for sure. But yeah, the, the Saints at the Chiefs, I'm trying to think. There's a game. Can you find it? 2016 was the last time. Whoa. Long time. Okay, well I guess that makes sense. That's Probably as long ago as it's possible. Yeah. Yeah. I shouldn't have acted surprised. That's exactly how schedules go in the NFL Every, every eight years you play at the other team stadium. Yeah. Okay. Next game. What do you have, Hank? You had something for us? No, you're right. The eight years, 'cause of the title. Wait, 2016, They also won in 2000. Who is, Who are the quarterbacks? Was it Alex Smith and Oh, drew Brees. Yeah. Yeah. That was easy. Drew Brees, dumb dumb Alex Smith. That was a dumb dumb thing to say.


Okay, next up, Bears 24, Rams 18 Bears might be back. Congratulations. Thank you. Felt good. Yeah. I'm gonna agree with you. Big. Cat, the Bears offensive line is bad. Yeah, It's bad. Really bad. So Jade or Caleb, when he's making, when he's dropping back to pass, he is having to make a decision within like half a second. It's pretty insane whether he's gonna have to run backwards, get rid of the ball earlier, or maybe just, maybe they're gonna hold up for enough time for him to hit somebody in a slant. It's pretty crazy. He had a clean game. No, interceptions had some really nice, the throw to DJ Moore was awesome. The throw to Cole, Cole Ed over the middle was awesome. He's 69% completion percentage the last two weeks moving forward, 93 7 rating.


My big thing is apparently during the week, players had a basically intervention with Shane Waldron. Good. And said, you have to be more aggressive. Good. Caleb Williams, Mercedes Lewis. I think Cole Ette was there. Be more aggressive. Have that with their coach, their offensive coordinator. Yes. Yeah. It's good times. Yeah. Hey, listen, You have a, you have negatively affected my career in the following Ways. Here's the thing, Hank put it into perspective. Okay. This is all about perspective. Our, our offensive coordinator hasn't had to leave the team and be fired slash resigned from the team. And then there's reports that the FBI is staking out his house, which happened last year with our defensive coordinator around this time.


So these are baby steps. He's still here because I wa I was about to say that. That's kind of a bad thing though. No, it's a good thing. You want him As well. I do want him gone, but I don't want, I'd rather our coordinators not have to resign and be suspected of crimes. Big Cat doesn't want to have guys could Wind breakers Walking into hell. If you could get out on a Crime, you would probably take it. Yes. Yes. I assume that depends on what kind of crime. Yes. Also, yes. He put me under the gun there. Yeah. That was, that wasn't fair. But yeah, because I, I was about to say, I'm glad they had the intervention because I, I think that Caleb might be reaching the point where he needs to just like, take bad play calls and be like, fuck this guy.


I'm not running this play. He did that a couple times today. As a Rookie, it's hard to reach that place. Especially, he wants to be like a, a good quarterback. He wants to be somebody that's easy to work with. So he probably doesn't wanna fuck with anybody right off the bat. But it was so bad at the start of the season that he at some point needs to say like, we're not gonna do what this guy says. They Actually do give him like pre like a lot of autonomy at the, at the line and he's calling stuff and, and getting outta stuff. The other thing is the Bears actually could run the ball today. Deandre Swift turns out to make Deandre Swift could again, we just had to have an entire week of the entire internet saying he the guy fucking sucks. Yeah. Bullying works. He, he, he got Reggie Bush's Heisman back and now Deandre Swift. Swift is running to open daylight.


Yeah. He had more yards today. Then he had weeks one through three combined and he had a nice touchdown run. Also, Shane Waldron realized that, hey, this is, this is where I say baby steps. He's learning from his mistakes. Last week when we had the abomination of goal line, where we did a pitch play to the short side on fourth down And. we ran everything outta shotgun and wildcat This week we actually ran from under center with our backup center running his fullback and Rohan Johnson, who's a big back running it, running back And. it worked. That was an awesome block by the way. That, That Yeah. Doug Kramer took him out. He, is he from Chicago?


I think he might be from the Chicago area. Yeah. I Mean he, he, he was like, I basically, he doesn't get in unless there's knee downs. He's like, I fucking just want to help the team. Yeah. He looks like A long lost. He, he's from Hinsdale. He looks like a long lost Odoyle twin. Yeah. Just a big dude with a big round face coming at you downhill. And I think the key to Deandre Swift is don't make him change direction in the backfield on a cut. If he can be hitting a hole going like straight Yeah. In a perfectly straight line through a hole, then he'll just outrun and take better angles than everybody in the secondary. Yes. But don't ask him to like juke out a defensive lineman. Right. Right. He can't do that. Also, the Bears had back to back touchdown drives today. Pre progress. These, we go pro. I mean now the, the Rams are very, very injured and I kind of expected the Bears to win this game just because you had the kitchen sink game last week and I gave that stat on Friday.


Teams that come back and win a game down 14 in like the second half, they're just terrible against the spread. So the defense stepped up and stopped Stafford with, you know, strips a fumble, a pick at the end. I was just happy. It was fun watching the Bears win at home. And, we haven't even gotten to the real MVP of this game. Tory Taylor, who is a fucking weapon, That one punt, I think, I think I clocked it at 85 yards in the air. He won this game for the Bears in the end. Because at the end of the game, when you're, when you have to, you know, we are up less than a touchdown and you're trying to get your, you know, you can't get first downs, you can't run the ball, don't have a good offensive line.


You need to keep giving them long fields and hoping that your defense will stand up. He had five punts, three of 'em inside the 20. And then he had the one in the fourth quarter, a 66 yard punt to the eight yard line. You Can't go wrong getting a punter from Iowa or a tight end from Iowa. Yep. There's two things they do well there. Yeah. But it that he is an absolute weapon. Like I'm, I don't want a punt, but I'm excited to see how far he could punt every time he punts. And That punt that checked up was a thing of beauty too. Yeah. The back spin on it, put the English on it. It was, he knows He's a Weapon. He was nice to watch. How are you like that Hank? You got a punter now? What? No, I'll wait. I want, I want you to finish then. Okay. I was just gonna say meme said something shocking to me today. He said, it's so funny how Sean McVay can only coach well against Kyle Shanahan.


Yeah. And I was like, wait, wait a second. It's the Opposite. It's The opposite. And also Sean McVay's a really good coach. Yeah. Against, He won a Super Bowl that aren't Kyle Shanahan. Yeah. Memes. He won a Super Bowl. Memes. He's been to two. I I know. But this season, Oh, so like If the Rams only two wins were against the 49 ERs this season, it'd be Very funny. But they've, okay. So you should have said small sample size PFT. But it is funny that Sean McFee can only coach against Kyle Shahan this season. He didn't have any more plays. He used all his plays last week. He Used, he used everything. The Man was Playlist. He had no kitchen. He had everything but the kitchen sink. Yeah. Or no. Yeah. He, he could restock That. No, he took the sink outta the socket and threw it at him. He Could restock it sinks going in sockets.


Yeah. The only thing he had Sinks are sockets. You Plug in a sink, the Sink Sinks are, are socket based. I said, I said that on Thursday. I, I got a lot of people full idiot sinks don't go in sockets. Oh, that's great out there. Came after you. Yeah. No, he still had the kitchen sink. That's the thing. Yeah. But he had nothing else. The kitchen sink can't score touchdowns. Right. You just wash your hands or pissing it. Hank what I, I finished After the game the Bears tweeted out, which I agree with as someone who was a, a advocate for the double fist pump celebration. Oh yeah. Can you see this? Yeah. There was a clip of Caleb Williams walking off the field. He was doing the double fist pump. And I tweeted it and I, I'm, I've caught into non barsol A WL Twitter.


'cause people are like, the guy can't even celebrate. You're coming at him. But then a lot of people trashing him saying this is like a yippy yippy cae ass celebration. Yippy kai. Your thoughts as someone who roasted someone for the double fist pump cell. Yeah. For some reason it was cool when he did it. I Don't know. Well, It feels different when he did it first when you did I, I see a commonality between the two. Both winners. Both winners. Yeah. Winners. Winners. We wouldn know about that because we haven't won anything. But yeah. Hank's all over that. No, it looked awkward. You can't do the double fist pump and not look awkward. It's impossible. It's kinda like a a 6-year-old. Yeah. A 6-year-old. Hey, you guess what? Guess what sport we're going for. Ice cream. People Are watching the podcast right now.


Yeah. It's Raw Emotion. That's what it is. You can't control Your body. But that's raw emotion usually looks bad. Like when you do something That is very Well it looks if you're athletic, usually when like a cool guy does it, When you do something that's very like animalistic, it's usually not a good thing. Yeah. The thing about it is, it's the jumping into the double fist pump that looks awkward. The double fist pump. That's a cool move. Anybody can do that. But when you take like a, a leap into it and then in midair you start doing the fist pump, it needs, it looks a little weird. It Needs to be, it needs to basically stay like, like you're using shake weights. Yeah. Where it's like a almost a flex in a double fist pump. But when you, when you go like that. Yeah. And p pft iss. Right. With like jumping and extending at the same time.


Which Is what you did as well. Maybe if you thought about next time you tried a dunk it was Thought about jumping And Doing double. I said I was getting like a attacked. That might Work. Hey, I got a question. Yep. Question of The week. Question of the week.


Actually, you know what? Rollback question R-H-O-B-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, rollback.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase.


Why don't you talk about dunking anymore? Oh, good question. I'm training. Thank you. I'm training For what? But why haven't you brought up Dunking? Because you were very much gung-Ho I'm gonna dunk and I haven't heard you have any sort of confidence in like three months. Did you think we'd forget? I have not forgotten. I have trained Max. Please rollback question. I have a question as well. Yeah, yeah. Go ahead. Max. Rollback question. At what point do we start to think about shooting? Oh, 'cause what was the thing you Had to do to shoot? No, I'm not, I'm still thinking about Dunking. You had to make, I've trained four days a week for the last five weeks. I forget training. It was like 25 Threes in a Row. Hank's had really bad takes about shooting recently Max. Yeah, true.


I did an evalu, like an evaluation at my gym at the end of August. And. it was not as much progress as I had hoped. So I said I'm gonna, you know, keep my head down. I've trained hard for the last five weeks. I haven't checked since, but I'm still, I'm still going. Gung ho. I still plan to dunk. I'm still training as if I'm going to dunk. I have not stopped just 'cause I haven't talked about it. I have not stopped. I still think I'm gonna do it. PFT robot question extension. Yeah. Hoodies, joggers, shorts. Hank PFT comment are part of my take podcast. Yes. You had alluded to this being the time of year where if you weren't making the progress that you wanted to, you would turn to the dark needle of steroids. Mm. Have you Good question. Begun doing that or is it something that's in your imminent future? So again, like, I haven't talked about it because I don't talk About steroids.


I don't want to get ahead of myself. I mentally had a, had a bad evaluation at the end of August. I've gone hard for the last five weeks. I'll probably check again at the beginning of October and then depending where I'm at is when, so the, the steroid decision is coming in the next two weeks. Okay. Just looking at the calendar. Big at, this might pertain to your question as well. It's September 30th on Monday. 30 days have September. It is in fact October this week. Correct. So we're moving that timetable up. Whatcha Talking? I just, I just said I You said a couple weeks In the next couple weeks. Yeah. Big. Cat Rollback Question robot question. RHO bck.com. Henry, when you say the words, I had a bad evaluation.


How far away are you from Dunking? Six inches. Oh, That's a big six. Yeah. Six inches. Six inches from Dunking or six inches from the rim. Six inches from Dunking. You think I'm six bro. I'm six inches from the rim. Like standing up. Yeah. Six Inches is fucking, he's a piece Six inches. So six inches in three months. Yeah. Oh. Hopeful. Hopefully. Hopefully I've gotten two. Oh Boy. We gotta get on the steroids. Hopefully I've gotten to the last time. It's Gotta be Steroids time. That was, that was at the end of August. Can you touch the rim? Yes. Yes you can. You can. I've seen it. I've witnessed it. Okay. Oh boy. Can you even fucking jump dude? Yeah. Help me. Hey Hank, Raise your hand next time.


Yeah. Raise your hand. Yeah. Max. Is that a Triple XL or quad X. Oh, you're fucking swimming at, If it's triple or quad, make sure it's row back.com. This is a two. That's mean. Hank. This Is a two. I mean, Do you see the shirt he is wearing Today? It's an o's an over stand max. I wanna see it. Hank don't oversized his fitting shirt. It's Oh, that's not bad. It is a big shirt. It's like a moo shirt. Hank. Hey, don't talk about what you think. The last thing that he dunked was, is it Two x? You wanna see it? You Wanna come, come and Look at it. You wanna see you? Yeah. You wanna see the tag? I believe you. All right. So you, you're gonna start shooting? No, not yet. Okay. I'm gonna dunk. I'm gonna dunk. I've never trained harder for anything in my life.


Golf. I, no, I just played, I was gonna say like I trained harder for rough riding for A month. SATs or like, then I realized no cheat on my SATs. Yeah. How'd you cheat? I was in my homeroom. I knew the person that was moderating at the teacher. So I knew he wasn't gonna like bust me. I got, I couldn't fit focus after the first like whatever hour, two hours was so fucking long and I could, I knew the girl that was diagonally in front of me. She was way smarter than me. I had like enough time and I wasn't worried about getting like caught and in trouble. 'cause I knew the guy at worst would just be like, Hey, you know, put your stop cheating, put your head back down. So I was able to just read her whole test and I made the decision. I was like, I'm pretty sure we have the same test. I'm just gonna copy all our answers for the Scantron, like multiple test part and if I'm wrong I'll do the SATs again.


'cause everyone else usually does 'em multiple times. Got like a, I think 1500 was average at the time I got a 1450 was, was perfectly good with that and never did 'em again. Wow. Was there a writing part? Yeah, but for the, for the multiple choice. Like I just got, I couldn't, I couldn't do it anymore and I was just like, was able to read all of her questions. I was like, I'm pretty fucking sure we had the Same test. Think smarter, not harder. Yeah. When did they change The, for Just kidding Mom by the Way. 'cause I feel like, oh yeah, That's, it was just a prank. Just got prank and so was the steroids. Yeah, that was a prank too. Yep. Yep. We're just, this is actually the rollback prank section of the show. Alright. Just Got Gronk. That was our Bears. There's gonna be people who are gonna see the timestamps be like fucking talked about the Bears for so long.


Actually half of it was just steroids. And Hank It's a good win though. Yeah, it was a good win. Feels good. Feels good. And. we have a, some schedule not, I'm not gonna say schedule wins, it's hard to win in this league. But the Bears have some games coming up that they should potentially win. Most notably Panthers. Jaguars no longer Commanders and then Cardinals. Patriots. Yeah. So four outta the next five. Yes. They're stacking 'em. They should be able to, this should be a three and two, four in one type stretch. Hopefully. I think that's realistic. Yeah. Okay. Cols 27. Steelers 24. Joe f Flaco, Flacco's back baby Flacco's back big time.


Before we get to Flaco, who was good Big third down throws like Joe, Joe f Flaco, just a third down, like third and 10. Gimme Joe Flaco. Is Shane Steichen trying to get Anthony Richardson hurt. So what happened was he got, he got injured the play before he got injured. He got injured with a hip oblique, came out for a couple snaps, came back in and Shane Steen was like sick. QB run. Yeah. For a guy that gets a lot of credit being a great play caller. That seemed like it was, it was like a little bit intentional. He came back in for a QB run, took a shot to the head. Was it a concussion that put him out? I, No, I think it was a hip oblique. Oh, oh, the concussion after. Yeah. Yeah. The second, the second hit that he got. I don't know, but I think there might've been a conspiracy to have Joe Flacco in which I'm for, because Joe Flacco should be playing in the NFL.


Joe Flacco said after the game. Very funny. He said, they asked if they, he thinks that Anthony Richardson thinks he's cool. He said I'm eight days older than his mom, so there's no way he thinks I'm cool. Yeah. Little perspective for You. I like that. Joe Flaco, in my opinion, he is cool. Yeah. Joe Flaco was the coolest. He looked good. He still has that arm. And if you're a Browns fan, what the fuck are you, the Cleveland Browns have run like Joe Flaco going out there and winning this game. Baker Mayfield being dominant at the exact same time. If you're a Browns fan, you were watching this early slate and you're like, what the fuck? Yeah. Why do we, why did we keep doing that? Why did we, and you have Jamis. Yeah, you got James and You have Jamis, but had there Joe f Flaco, like out, obviously the RPOs are big four and anti Ian's legs are, are a big part of his game.


But in terms of the deep bombs, He's same thing. Joe f Flaco, f Flaco, uncorked one today. It almost hit the roof. Yeah. I think it might've touched the roof. It was granted it was underthrown by like three yards, which was kind of the Joe Flaco special. Yeah. He had a couple his deep under throws where you draw a pass interference. But this one that he threw, it came down with a, a teardrop of God on it. It went so high up in the air and just arced down. It's a beautiful thing. He's, he's aged like a wine. Yeah. He's, it's beautiful And. it was, it was tough for Andy Richardson because he actually came out and I, his first drive was really good. Like, I think he came, he went right down the field on the Steelers and then got hurt. But I, yeah, I, I, I don't know the Steelers like defense I talked about on Friday that I, I feel like we've maybe crowned them a little bit too early.


They're very good. But they also played some not great quarterbacks. And now they had to play Joe Flacco. He won a Super Bowl. He's elite. He knows the Steelers. He knows the Steelers. So in, in a weird twist of fate, Justin Fields who I think has played well in the first three weeks, maybe not incredible, but the defense carried him this week. The defense faltered and Justin Fields had his best game. Yeah, I he, there was some times when he did not look that good. He was like really, really it, it was patchy for him. There were some times when he like around the goal line when he can just run and knock one dude over on his way into a touchdown. He's still very good at that.


And he still can make more throws I think than the Steelers have seen recently. Yeah. I mean he had 312 yards. Yeah. But there, there was some stretches of the game. There always are with him where it looked a little bit dicey for him. He was like double clutching a lot. Big windup, taking too much time in the pocket. But overall he was not the problem. Today I think the Steeler's defense, I wanna be, I wanna be careful with how I say this 'cause we like TJ Watt and he's a dominant player, one of the best defensive players in the NFL. He loves to just go immediately to where he thinks the quarterback's gonna be on a five step drop. Yeah. Like he leaves a pretty big gap there sometimes that you can just exploit and run through. Oh Wow. JJ Iss going to come after you For this. I said this to Jersey Jerry. I said, no, No, no. JJ Watt. Oh JJ Wat you Say you don't know Ball two JJs Are gonna come after.


He gonna say, yeah, you're gonna get double. jj Listen, I can take on JJ Watt, maybe not Jersey Jerry if he's pissed off, but tj he leaves a big gap there sometimes. Yeah. I think he bought a gun. JJ Watt, no Jersey Jerry. No, he did. Yeah. He's got a red dot put a red Dot on it. Yeah. He's got the red dot going. Yeah. Also, So one of the, one of the weirdest things to just walk in and him just being like, yeah, I got a gun. Yeah. Okay. He was like, if I just, if I just showed it to, to jack on a stream, you think I'd get suspended And I was like, yeah, Maybe I'd rather not have a handgun on the stream. Yeah. But he is got permit so it's all good. Yeah. Also, George Pickens had one of the dumb dumbest fumbles I've ever seen.


He just kind of twisted around and he kept the ball outstretch for no reason. It got knocked out. Easy fumble. He also, he also extended the ball at one point on like the 25 yard line as he was being tackled. Yeah. He'd already gotten a first down by a significant margin by like five, 10 yards and he extended the ball to get like an extra yard in the open field as he was being tackled. Yeah. With Pickens. He also had a bad drop. But it, it's reached the point where I would not be shocked if at some point his career, George Pickens made like a one handed leaping grab, got turned around midair, sprinted the wrong way, scored a safety, and then got a taunting penalty celebrating before he realized it wasn't a touchdown. I wouldn't, I wouldn't put it past him.


He Just does crazy shit every week. He's fun to watch and he's just, he's, he's an insane talent at wide receiver. But this guy's nuts. Yeah. So do we think the Colts are gonna roll with Joe Flaco for a while? I don't know. They might be That. Listen, Joe Will, I said he is like a, a nice wine, not in that he's aging, but even if you don't like whites, you have to admit he's cool and he's refreshing. Yes. He's very refreshing. Yeah. I would like to have Joe Flaco play a little bit, maybe get the Colts to play. What if Joe f Flaco just like the last half of his, or last three years of his career, he just goes to random organizations and takes them to the Playoffs. That would, that would rock. Are we gonna have a Andy Dalton Joe Flacco matchup at some point this season?


Let me look. I do not think so. That would've been awesome. That Would've been so good. That would've been that basically like just, we're just going in a time machine. Yeah. At that point. That's an excuse for us to be like, we're, see, we're not old. Yeah. Joe Flacco and Eddie Dalton's still going at it. Yeah. Throwback. Yeah. We're just watching 2012 Russ 2013. Ru Russ was dressed out again And he didn't, he was not active Wearing eye black. Yep. He wore the eye black on the sidelines today. Russ is just that, that was the only thing I was happy for, for Justin Fields is like, he, they lost the game, but it was not his fault. So they didn't have to, you know, like the Russ stuff doesn't start happening because I, Justin Fields better than Russell Wilson. He Is, I think so.


I he might, maybe Russell Wilson. You could make the argument better pocket passer at this point. But even still, we saw it in Denver. It wasn't, you can't throw it over the middle of the field. I think Russ had a Justin Fields can't all the time either. So, so Ru Russ, He, I'm making the case, I'm making the opposite case. He might get a chance to start at some point in the not so distant future just as a spark. Because I feel like the Steelers, they, they win games on defense. They win games by not turning the ball over. And if you have a real bad offense performance, you might just wanna see what the offense looks like with a different person there. Yeah. And I don't think you could get a more different person than Russell Wilson compared to Justin, Justin Fields. So I think there's a chance he gets out there and if he doesn't, he might end up being like, just the best investment of all time for the Steelers.


Or you send him for a million dollars and then you can trade him to a team for like a fourth round Pick. Remember he took a discount. He Took a discount. Yeah. Yeah. Even though he is getting paid a ton of money from the Broncos. Yeah. And that was the best deal that was given to him. Selfless guy. Yeah. Team first. Team First guy. Okay. Lemme do a quick ad before we get to the next game.


Gametime football season is here. We can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. Hank, can you look up Monday night in Detroit? You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats, so you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. I was looking for tickets for Monday Night Football. The Lions Hank, what do we got? We got $132 to get in the building. 132 Bucs to get in the building. Sit with Sprinkles, sit with Detroit while Sprinkles hasn't been there. Detroit Don Super fan. So just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? We're gonna buy those tickets to Detroit Monday Night Football with Gametime Picks Download, the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals. The new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends at Supercuts. Supercuts knows what you think. It's quick, cheap haircut you can get almost anywhere. Well, you're write about quick, but Supercuts is not that cheap. Not a bargain basement chop shop. Like some discount options out there. Supercuts just happens to have 2000 reputable salons full of trained proficient stylists who give great haircuts at reasonable prices. In fact, if I were to ask you to imagine a brand that was visited by nearly 25 million people last year was a satisfaction rating of 96%. What brand would come to mind? Would Supercuts? Probably not, but it should. Supercuts is super convenient. Our salons let you check, check in online at a time that works for you at Supercuts dot com Or just walk right in. It's not your hair, it's your call. Find a salon near you at Supercuts dot com. Supercuts. Real smart hair, great place to get your hair cut. And very quick.


Okay. Bengals 34, Panthers 24. Are the Bengals back or did they play the, the Panthers? I think the Bengals might be back. I don't think the Bengals are Back. I I think they might be, but it's the Annie Dalton Panthers. Yes, but the Bengals defense is not good. Very Suspect. And I think Trey Henderson got hurt. He got a Stinger And Cam Taylor Britt gave up another touchdown where he looked like he, he was diving as Deontay Johnson scored a touchdown. Nice to see Deontay Johnson. Like he just needed any Dalton in his life. He's doing some work. Yeah. The Bengals offense is elite. The Bengals defense is a problem. I have to think Lou Omo is gonna figure it out. Does he have the guys? Sometimes. Sometimes they say it's not Jimmy's and Joe.


It's not X's and O. No, it's, it's not X's and Joes. Joes. It's Jimmys and Joes. Yeah. They don't have the Jimmy's and Joe's right now. They're, they're missing a lot of guys. They're missing a lot of Jimmys and Joe's. That Jamar Chase touchdown was so fucking awesome. He's, he's, they can't touch him. He threw the ball to his dad in the stands afterwards. I like that you saw Brock Purdy saying hi, mom afterwards. Yeah. More players need to be like, hi, dad. Yeah, Yeah. Agreed. What were you gonna say, max? I have a question. Yeah. Do you want the Bengals to be good because you think you wanna like justify the win? No, I want the Bengals to be good because I like Joe Burrow. You're, you, max might be wrong to something. What I just wanted to open, I just wanted to ask that question is all No. Their defensive problem, it's not, I mean the, the Panthers had 375 yards.


There were 50% on third Downs. I the be It's, I guess what would you, what you could say for the Bengals being back is they, the first week the concern was that Joe Burrows injury, that weird, you know, video of him grabbing the water bottle. You're like, he might still be injured to Higgins sitting out, Jamar, chase sitting out, all that stuff. That was a concern. That is not a concern at all. The Bengals could probably out like go toe to toe like outscoring shootouts with almost anyone. Their defense is not what the Bengals defense has been in the past. Yeah. I I just have to think that they'll get better at some point. They'll get, you Know, healthy, They'll get some guys back.


I don't, the Panthers were the best medicine right now for the Bengals. Yeah. So at least now they believe that they can win. When they played against the Chiefs, they played good enough to win that game too. Yeah. I think they'll be, this is what we see all the time from the, from the Bengals though, is they start out slow. September's a bad month and then they get hot. Yeah. And I think that's what's gonna happen again. Now, we should have known this game was over from the pregame because they broke the drum, the keep pounding drum. Oh No. And this time it was Sper. No, no. This time it was John Beason. Oh. Last year. I thought, I, I thought this story sound kind of familiar. They did it last year too. Mike Tolbert beat the drum, broke it, and they lost that game. Oh. 'cause if you, if you break the keep pounding drum, you can't keep, you have to stop pounding Point.


You have to literally stop pounding. Yeah. Yeah. So that was, we should have should known right then, right then and there. Yeah. But Andy Dalton, I love the Andy Dalton tour where it's just watching him go out there and look good for a little bit. Again, it makes us feel a little bit younger than we really are. But that this is the perfect Andy Dalton game. If you're the Carolina Panthers, because you lose, but you look competent while losing Dave Canales. You can tell like he's having even in a loss was having more fun being like, I have a quarterback that is, can actually do the things I need him to do. Which it's gotta suck. Me and Bryce Young. Bryce Young just should not even dress. Is he?


He was dressed today. He is a backup quarterback. I would assume I'm he'd have to have been Right. I didn't see him at all today. Yeah. Well It's hard. Yeah, that's true. Behind everyone. He's the small Guy. Yeah. A tiny little guy Just put, that'd be funny if they got him like a little like drawer. Yeah. Just tuck him in there. Yeah. So he Doesn't have to watch the game. Yeah. Put a straight jacket on him. He Can just hang out. So, Bengal's back, you say back I, I don't know if they're back yet, but I predict that they will be back. This was a, it was a must win for the Bengals. I'm gonna wait till next week when they play the Ravens to declare them back. They can beat The Ravens. Okay. I want to get ahead of, they might not be back. Okay. Because one in four is tough. Well, yeah, I I see them Crystal ball. Yeah, I see them one in four. Yeah.


So they, if they, if they can beat the Ravens, I think they're officially back because it softens up a little from there. But I I right now I'm not gonna, I'm not ready. They're half back. They're the, are the Bengals back or did they play the Panthers? That's the question. That's A fair, fair stat form. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Next up. Broncos 10. Jets nine. What a game. What a game. So before we get to memes, I would like to say the Broncos defense looks very good. And I know there was weather, but we have to put respect on the Broncos. Patrick Satan, who we did put respect on last week, is like one of the best cornerbacks, if not the best cornerback in the league.


He had 60% of Garrett Wilson's Snaps was against him. And he, Garrett Wilson had two catches for 22 yards. The Broncos defense played very well in this game. Bo Nicks, let's just say this. Bo Nicks threw a touchdown pass. Everyone's on the board. Let's go Bo. All the starters are on the board. He also had a first half of seven for 15 for minus seven yards. That's very, very hard to do. Very, Very hard to Do. I don't think he completed a pass that went past the line of scrimmage in the first half. Weather might have had something to do with it. I'd say probably more than likely it was just Bone X being Bo Nicks that had something to do with it. But they won. Maybe Bo Nick is just a winner. Have we thought about that? Well, I Was gonna say, I have, we thought about, Okay, stats are for losers. Big Cat. I Have a, maybe Bo Nicks just goes out there and he wins fucking football games.


I have a stat to back it up. Okay. Bo Nicks is the first QB to win a game in which he average fewer than 2.5 yards per pass attempt. Mini minimum 25 attempts. Bo Nicks just made history. Bo Nicks won a game in spite of bad quarterback play, which was done by Bo Nicks. Yeah. It's like Tim Tebow. He's t Bo Nicks. Yeah. That's is exactly what he used to do for the Broncos too. Credit To Bo Nicks. Yeah. That's, Listen, overcoming, overcoming yourself. Right. Sometimes can be the hardest opponent of all. Bo Nicks did the impossible. He won a game with Bo Nicks as a quarterback. Yeah, it was, it was. That first half was, I don't know how anybody watched that game. If you're a Jets fan that made the trip to the Meadowlands, nobody had a worse day than you.


I don't think anyone had a worse Sunday Brutal than a poor Jets fan. Probably sat in traffic for an hour and a half. You would say probably to get out to the Meadowlands. Yeah. More. Yeah. You were, you were with rain. You were in the rain. In the cold. In the wind. You watched nine points from your offense and then you got rained on more, then you left. Then you had to get into another, probably an Uber that, like you thought it was gonna be decent sized And. it was like a 2007 Toyota Prius. Yeah. And you and your three friends were stuck together in the backseat. Then you had to sit for another hour and a half in traffic as you were thinking about the loss, listening to post game radio and make your way back to New York City. That's a, that is an all time bad after I would rather be in jail.


I would rather spend that time in jail. Yeah. The four hours provided that 10 hours. Yeah. Provided that jail. Had a television with The quad box. Yeah. And another television with another one. It's Basically who had a worst day? A Jets fan or Diddy? Just a day. Just a worst day. They're trying to make, I saw a report, they're like Diddy's in of jail. That's like horrific. It's like, yeah dude, it's jail. It's Jail. It's jail. Like you want us to feel bad, but is jail Better than the Meadowlands? Yeah. This was, this was a perfect, this was a perfect like commercial for football's the greatest game to watch on your couch. Yep. It is built to watch on your couch going to games.


The tailgate is fun when the weather's okay. But everything else, the couch is just perfect. Memes. Your thoughts. I guess should you want questions first or you want thoughts? Why don't you go thoughts then we'll Question. I'll go thoughts. We had nine days to prepare. Yeah. For a team. That's a lot of days With a rookie quarterback. Yeah. Playing back to toback away games. Yeah. Playing cross country away games. Yeah. And, we laid an egg. Defense showed up. Robert sell after the game. Made sure to say the defense showed up and saying the offense didn't. Meanwhile, you're the head coach and you're in charge of everything. Now memes, he is a defensive head coach.


Correct? Yes. But that doesn't matter. You're the head coach. I would say. Would Aaron Rogers be kind of in charge of the offense? I'm not even gonna include Nathaniel Hackett here. Yes. Nathaniel Hackett a problem. It feels like he might be a problem. Nice guy. Really nice guy. Had a great time. On, on on Pardon. My Take. He's really, really nice guy. Loves Blake Bortles. He's a way better guy than he is. Football coach. He's a yeah, as Good as a close. It's not even coach as he Is better human being. It's A blowout. Nathaniel Hackett is not smart, But dude, he watches the, the gold gold member. Yeah. There's Certain times. Like there was one moment in the game, it was second and one, and then they just ran three pass plays in a row.


Well, two pass plays. And then Aaron Rogers In the wind and rain. In The wind and rain. Aaron Rogers gets hurt. It's like, how haven't you learned your lesson? Just run the ball. Put Braylin Allen in, get the extra yardage. Get a field goal. Get out of the game. Grimy win Credit to the Broncos defense, though. They did a really good job of shutting down your running game. Bri Hall, what do you have? Like 0.4? No, he wasn't great. Yards per carry. Like the Broncos defense deserves credit. I'm putting some respect on the Broncos. They do. But when Brie Hall wasn't doing well, they should have put Braille Allen in. 'cause he was doing well. Yeah. And he's like, he's 19 years old. He's fucking sick. Here's a question for you.


Are we at the question part, Todd? Yeah. Okay. Hank, will you please get a question ready for me as well? Do you think there's an issue between coach and quarterback? Because there was a quote afterwards that Sah said that they need to dial back the cadence and Aaron Rogers said that's one way to do it. The other way is to hold them accountable. Thoughts. There might be a slight problem, but I don't think there's a problem. So what I was telling big Ken earlier that, that Caleb Williams should take that next step and just say like, fuck this guy's play calling.


I don't have a single doubt in my mind that Aaron Rogers has that maybe, maybe every single play. Yeah. Nathaniel Hackett might, they might not even plug in his headset. That might be Why they might Roger might dummy headset. It Might be why Aaron loves Nathaniel Hackett so much because he's like, I will overrule this guy on every single play call. And he won't say shit. Yeah. They, they, they could have, they, they probably have a, a headset Nathaniel Hackett's on a headset with like, he's just talking to no one. And and they're like, yeah, go stand over there and call your game. And they're like, Hey Aaron. He's he's still thinks he's talking to you. You just call the game. He's just got like Nao playing in his headphones and he's out there like trying to call a game.


Memes. I have a question. Yes. Yeah. Have the Jets posted the final score yet? I don't believe so. Oh, that's a no no, he's back to back losses. Even the guy put the burrito up his ass. Did he? Yeah. I, I missed out on that. I saw it, it was very funny. I saw the picture. It was horrific. How'd He go up There? He just basically like held it in his asshole and then he did. And so he did that. He took the picture. He had a mask on. He had like a shirt on And. it was just his ass with a burrito open. Then the very next street was, oh fuck my wife found. Saw the picture, saw picture, I'm screwed. And then later on in the night when Alabama was up, whatever, 28, nothing.


He said, if Georgia comes back and wins this game, I'll do a face reveal and ruin my whole life. Oh my God. And so he had a moment where he was like, I've done it again. Back to back weeks. It's all over. Oh. So shout out that guy for actually putting the burrito off his ass. St. Bill Snyder, Henry Memes. Yeah. After last week's big win against New England, what percent chance did you think that you were gonna possibly lose? This game was Five, 5%. I also did that because I bet, Well, even to the last quarter, I I thought we were winning the entire time. Yeah. Yeah. I Mean he lost to Bo Nicks missed a kick.


Yeah. But Bo Nicks remember Bo Nicks was is su such a winner that he won the game in spite of Bo Nicks? Yeah. That's hard to do. Listen, Bo Nicks beat the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the New York Jets and himself twice. Yeah. In, he's got four wins in the last two weeks. It's po Nix memes. Any other? Yeah. He's one of the best quarterbacks in the league. Allegedly. Yeah. Whoa. Can he lose it? Oh, does Aaron? Oh, we're getting legends going on. Does Aaron Rogers look all right? I'm not talking about his play today. Does he? Does he look healthy? Da Dave? Our he Looked healthy until he, He looks got Landed on. He looks our, our boss Dave has a theory that he's just got a goofy helmet. He's gotta figure that out. He Does have a goofy helmet.


It's got, the way that it's strapped in looks kind of awkward. But he looks like he looks gaunt. He looks like he has scurvy. Like he's on some weird diet where he's not allowed to eat vitamin C. Oh, you're saying not playing, you're just saying. I'm just saying in general. Like he looks, he looks a little scraggly, Looks skinny. Yeah. Yeah. Does He have something wrong with Him? I don't know. No. Doesn't He's your quarterback buddy? No, he's fine. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Good to hear. Also, memes. Explain to these guys what you're telling me about the, the taunting penalty. Ooh. Did you guys see this? No, but I, I'm already fired up hearing your tone of voice. So Ronald Bert's crew is the fucking worst NFL crew in the league.


It sounds like A narc. Doesn't You know that you're a Jet Jets fan who's very mad about a No no, no. Once you see this guy, you say Ronald Tor torbert, it Becomes an issue. Lemme Start with Ronald Torbert. You Know the rest, when you see this guy's face pop up on your screen, you're gonna see him every five minutes for the rest of the game. Yeah. Okay. So the Jets are driving. Oh yeah, I know Ronald Tor Torbert. Yep. The Jets are driving. I see there's the less Inside of the 20. We're watching it now. He does a casual point. Point. The ref runs over to Ronald Torbert and says and does this Double points, Double points. Like he was just shooting guns into the air. 15 yard penalty all the way back. Also, this TV's not on, I don't know if you thought the tv. Wait, can we see And?


we see, yeah. He turned that on. I wanna see the double point. I I just searched Ronald Torbert to see what he looks like. And one, and one of the first tweets I saw was per T-M-Z-N-F-L official Ronald Torbert is dating a-list actress Margot Robbie. So good for him. Wait, That's gotta be a joke. Yeah, No, it's a Big time joke. Okay. But it's very Funny. It's a very funny joke to tweet out. Yeah. So what, what happened? He's, He looks, he's, he's basically Mike Tarika. He looks like Mike Tarka. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I'm familiar with old Torb. Yeah, he's, he's dating Margo Robbie. Yeah. So what happened was the receiver still did the, the double guns after he tossed the ball up and then the side judge or whatever ran up to Torbert and was like Torbert. He Did the double guns wise.


You Can't do The double guns. Yeah. We're in the greater New York area. You have to, you can't do that. Yeah. They Suspended plaquea for less than that. So it was, it was a bad taunting penalty to call. And we've been an, we've been an anti anti taunting podcast for quite some time. Anti, anti, yes. We Think players should be able to taunt. I've got two solutions for it. Two solutions. 'cause we're, we gotta be proactive. We can't just complain about it. Solution number one is whenever the referee announces a taunting penalty, everybody in the stands, even if it's in favor of your team, has to boo like it's Roger Goodell opening up the draft. Yep. Everybody just boo the ref. Make them feel shamed. Second way to do it is if coaches start declining taunting penalties.


Ooh. Start declining all the taunting Penalties. A gentleman's rule. A gentleman's rule. Y'all do it together. If it's a soft ass bitch ass taunt, decline the penalty and say no thanks, we'll strap it up like men. I fucking love that. Yeah. Yeah. You, you basically, it's mutual. It's mutual combat. When you show up before the game, the coin flip, you shake your shake hands and you either agree to, to all Yeah. Declining of all taunting penalties or not. Yeah. I think Dan Campbell would be the first to sign up for this. God, that would rock. 'cause people would just be taunting left and right. And the game would be more fun. Yep. And, but you know, someone will break the truce Serial If you really need it. If you really needed 15 yards Yeah.


You would definitely break it. But then they should be shunned. Yeah, absolutely. They should be shunned. They should be taken outta the coach's picture. Yeah. Beat the fuck out of him before the coach's picture. So they look like that. MMA fighter. Yeah. Meme. So what's your panic level? Because this was a, this was supposed to be a win. It's supposed to be when Panic still not high, just unless we play in rain. Okay. So no rain for the rest of the year. No, but I also said that about Zach Wilson. So it's just like, it's just the same. Yeah. We're in the same, we're kind of in the same spot. We just need perfect weather conditions. Why don't, why don't they have a dome? It should do. Why don't you a dome? It should, it's a swampy area. And. It's also like you don't have jersey. That's not a remarkable stadium that has any type of, there's nothing special.


It's Yeah. And it's, it's new and it's also like void of any type of character. Yeah. No, I'm with you. They should get a dome and they should get grass and then just maintain it. I'm with you. You play the Vikings. Who? Sam Donald Revenge game. Oh, he already had that. But this one's in London. Nah, but he already had that. But it's the London Sam revenge game. Does It? It's short. It's technically a short week. Yes, it is technically a short week. Yep. True. Robert sell sucks at preparing more than seven days. Does it rain In England a lot? It does. Are they playing on a dome? It's a shorter week for the Vikings, But we play better on a shorter week.


But they're even shorter. How do they play on a shorter week? Because they have to travel farther. No, I'm saying how do they play? Oh, I don't know. But they're also one, one time zone behind you. Yeah, they, it is a shorter week for them. It's even shorter. Yeah. Well they have to go an extra hour of basically a flight or two hours a flight. We're not a time zone podcast. No, it's also, we've never been, it's also, it Is technically one hour shorter in the time zones. They're, they're an hour apart. It's the most East coast game that you can possibly play. But isn't all time the same Now you're freaking me out. Oh man, that was heavy. That's some Aaron Rogers shit right There. What the hell just happened? No, man, they, they have to, so memes, let's just say hypothetically, it was the same distance from London, right?


New York and Minneapolis. Yep. Minneapolis would have to leave one hour earlier on the clock than the Jets would Correct. That day that they leave for travel, that's gonna be one hour shorter. If they left at the exact same time, the Jets would leave at 1:00 PM and the Vikings would technically leave at 12 or or noon. Yep. And then they would get there at the same time. No, no. It Would still take longer for the Vikings. Well, one hour and they would've to leave earlier. So they're on a shorter week. They have to leave home before you do. I think you're, I think you're right. Yeah, I know I'm right. Yeah. So there goes your short week buddy. You actually got the long, got a long week. But we still better on a Short week.


But it's not you're on a long week compared to the Vikings. Get that extra hour. Oh, we, we got him back. Yeah, we we got back. We got him back. We got him back. You're in the matrix right now. Yeah. Have some How you like that now? They don't like it. Yeah. No one does. So Does ak. He sucks at coaching in the rain or your quarterback suck at playing The jet. Jet suck in the rain overall. Yeah, the jet suck in the rain. We had two, two good games in the rain. One against the Texans last year. Smoked them and then one against the Bears. But your quarterback was Oh was it be No, it was it three years ago?


Mike White game. Oh, Oh Macallan. No. Was it? Oh no, we started, shit. Who did we start in that game? What year was it? Was it Seamen? Yeah, it might have been. Yeah, I think it was. No, it was, it was Trevor Simeon. I think it was Trevor Simeon stud. That was bad. Yeah. Trevor Simeon started that game. Yeah. But those are the, the only two good Jets games. Like last year we played the Giants and barely won. It's just bad. Okay. He's playing the rain. Okay. Soah Needs to wear a hat in the rain. Okay. The shiny bald head is distracting. Yeah. He has to feel every single raindrop all over his head. He also needs to just like show, you know what get is Gold member Mike Myers.


Yep. Is it Austin Powers? Yep. Just get him stuck in the bowels of MetLife with a car going back and forth. That's not a bad idea. That's what you need to do with Nathaniel Hackett before the game. That's a, That's a good Idea. Okay. Nathaniel, can you park my golf cart real quick? And then right before kickoff, be like, Hey, just put that over there and he'll just get stuck because It's gonna be an issue for Nathaniel Hackett in England having to listen to all those accents. He'll just think it's hilarious. Yeah. He's gonna be like, this Is, oh, this entire country is like, like gold member. He's gonna be thinking he's living in the movie. Yep. There's The problem. Like rookie of the year when the coach gets stuck. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, yeah. Brick ma. The hot, the ice is hot. We heat up the ice.


Alright, next. Why don't you keep the mic on over there. Box 33 Eagles 16 Maxi. Yep. So Eagles are bad. Yeah, right now. Now they're bad. Oh. Oh. So yeah, I, I bet the P right before kickoff, because I saw the stat that Lane Johnson was out and since 2013 the Eagles are 97. 59 and one when he plays, which is 62% winning percentage. And now without him they're 14 and 24. That's significant.


That's pretty crazy that it is. It's like 40% of winning percentage when Lane Johnson's on the field versus when he's not. Also Doesn't help when your only two receivers on the roster are also out. Yeah. And I thought for a second that wait you have more receiver two receivers on the Roster. You have more receivers than that. You have I'll name one Bri Covey. Bri Covey, ir na. Okay. Oh, I'll name another one. Johan Dotson Not, not good. Not a receiver. Not a, a worthy one. Okay. How much would you give up in a trade form hypothetically if you were to, what do you think it's worth? A lot less than a third rounder At least.


What about Al Scotter? He's Good. Yeah. So you had that, who else? Saquon Barkley got 12 touches. Okay. Wait. 12 catches, Touches. Touches. So including his rushing attempts In the whole game. Correct. He got 12 touches. That is correct. Do you want me to say it again? Yeah. Did You hear Siri's explanation for why they didn't get more involved earlier? I don't want to hear anything from him. Okay. What did he Say? I, I want to hear it. Would you like To hear? Yeah, I'd like to hear it. So A reporter asked him how come he wasn't more involved in the opening three series of the game? I think he got two touches maybe on the first three drives. That's More receivers than, that's more of the receivers than they have On the act active roster.


Yeah, that's a good point. Hank. So he ani said, well in those drives, if you look at 'em, we got to third down on all of 'em. And when three and out, so on third down, we weren't gonna run the ball. So really it's just two plays per possession that we weren't getting the ball at. So you have to bear that in mind and take three of those plays out and now you're only stuck with nine plays. Or I guess that'd be six plays to get him the ball. And they got him the ball a third of the time. So that was pretty good. Oh, that's a good answer. But maybe if you got him the ball more maybe then you wouldn't have been in third and the Stuck in that. Yeah. Max, you guys have John Ross? Yes. I didn't know he was still the, the NFL. He was in the P practice squad Called up.


He's the Fastest guy in the World also. I think he wears 37. Is that the slowest number of All 38. But he's not the slow. That's actually smart by him because he is so fast and he wears a slow number. People would be deceived. That's genius. No. Yes. Yeah. No, I agree. I agree. Like if he wore number one or 11. Yeah Dude, he's the, I remember John Ross when he got drafted, I was just like, this guy's gonna be a game changer. He's gonna end up, he's so fast. He's gonna end up on the Chiefs and then we'll look like morons. Yeah, he will. He, you probably will trade him to the Chiefs and he'll be incredible. John Ross had a catch. Yeah. I don't know. What do you want to say? Were there any positive things about today?


No. Okay. What about that? What about the blocked extra point? You guys returned for two points. Sick. I mean the game was over in a instantly second. It was Instant. It was also like, as soon as they went down, they didn't have the guys to go around to Get back. Yeah. If It's tough, it's tough in the boots. Know your team sucks doing Yeah. Baker Mayfield nice bounce back from his game last week. And the Bucs Baker was Incredible. Yeah. Yeah. The like, he, he had a bad game against the, the Broncos and he bounced back. And the Bucs look like they're still the class of the NFC South. I think there's a chance that Siri doesn't make it, make it through the Bible.


What? Oh no. Is he sick? No. Oh. There's, there's, there's two guys out there. I got one. There's Two guys out there. It Should be brave. Dominic, Belichick, RAs or Belichick. Oh, that both would kill Hank. RAs would both would kill Hank RAs would kick the shit out of people if he was the coach of the Philadelphia Eagles. Vrabel would be awesome. You wanna leader of men? Wait, but you're not gonna hire an interim. Yeah. Why not? Yeah. Guess why not? You're right. You're right. Alright, so you're really child period. You're really down on a two and two team with a lot of injuries. Like the injuries are gonna get fixed. They, I they did not show up in the slightest today. They had no interest of being on the field.


It was too hot. And then, and then there's, there's a problem. There's problem between coach. Use your words. Coach and quarterback words. There's a problem between coach and player. And the, whenever the coach gets behind a microphone, he sounds like a fucking idiot. Just like me. But I'm not the coach of the fucking Eagles. That's true. And Darius sleigh is a fucking asshole. Oh yeah. So tell us this story, because we missed this. I wanted, I want you to tell me what happened with Darius sleigh. He got burned. Darius sleigh. Bad game today. Yeah. Very bad Game. And then what'd he do After the game? Goes to Twitter almost immediately. X 150 past breakups and counting. 28 picks and counting.


Six time Pro Bowl. All pro. When you talk bad about me, don't forget to mention the greatness of me too. Oh, Okay. Mentions greatness. And then he immediate Hey, hey, can you take the notes? 'cause what He got roasted and then went private. Listen. Oh seriously. Be, be a man like everyone else. And don't even tweet any of that. Just do a screenshot of the man in the arena speech. Yeah. Shut up. All The haters. Hank, you need to do that when you can't dunk. You'd be like, I'm gonna dunk. Nu nu you know, producer for number one sports podcast for last eight plus years. Rode on the float with, with the coach Missoula. Keeper of the lighthouse. Keep the lighthouse. Didn't look that bad.


Bald Didn't look that bad. Bald. That's actually, that might be number one. That's stuff Today. Remember my lottery Ball winner? Yeah. What is it? Three x in the new studio. What Do you, what is it? What's the last line of it? Remember my, when you come at me, remember my greatness Mention my greatness as as well. That's such a loser thing to do. You can't do that on Twitter. And then he went private. Yeah. That's bad. Yeah. Philly. Got it. How Come When people criticize me, they don't also talk about how great I am when You talk bad about me. Don't forget, don't forget to mention the greatness of me too. Well That wouldn't be talking bad about him. Correct. Bucs. I, I do think are are the class of the NFC South. I think they're very good. It was good to see Bak bounce back.


'cause I feel like with these quarterbacks and baker's had extended periods, but like a Sam darn baker I think is better than Sam. But if they have one bad game, I'm always worried that it's going back into a pumpkin. Yep. You know? Yeah. I don't know. I Hear you. Did they figure him out? Yeah. So I just get nervous so that, it was good to see Bak have, have a good bounceback game. Also. I think It's a little bit different with Bak. 'cause he had success in Cleveland. Yeah. He was good. Baker's not the same. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We also had, Tom Brady was just unloading the clip with stories today. He said that the Bears were a secret team for him in 2020. I remember that. That was floated. It might've been just Mike Florio said it to bother me and to get me a little excited.


But the Boy who cried goat. Yeah. Yeah. He, he dropped that. I feel, I don't remember talking about it that much. Like I, I obviously there was, you know, he was gonna go somewhere else. But I don't remember the Bears being a serious, like, I feel like we would've had more serious conversations if that were true. I think it was just like a dark horse team that was mentioned a few times. He took his, His free agency tour kind of under wraps, if I remember. Because you had that one se there was like secret meetings going on with the dolphins and then that whole thing blew up. And then there was some other teams where it was like, oh, he might go to this team. But, but I, this is the first I remember hearing like Concrete Tom thought about going to the Bears. He would've Hated it because that was, I mean that was 2020. I actually think we might've gone to the, was that the year they extended the playoffs when they made made it 17, there Was Covid, right?


Yeah. I wanna Say Tom Brady won the Super Bowl. We went to the, I think that was the game that the Bears also of the Saints There, there was the playoffs. Heineke Heineke covered against the Bucs. I think that was MVP year. Was It? I think that was Mitch winning the MVP. That sounds right. I think it might've been. So What would you rather have? So Mitch, so or Tom Brady First ever MVP. Well, I guess my point is like that it wasn't crazy. It sounds crazy to be like, oh, he would've gone the Bears, but the Bears that year were a playoff team with Mr. Risky. Yeah. Yeah. I'm right. It was the, that was the MVP the year. Do you think they would've been better With Tom Brady was also the four year when he Kicked.


Yeah. Do you think there would've been better with Tom Brady? I Think they would've probably been better with Tom Brady. They might have. So the big question was answered today is that's, are the Bucs having more fun this year? Yeah. That's the other one he drop two years Ago. Yeah. So there was a quote, I don't ever remember talking about this on this show, but apparently Baker said on the Casa Day Club podcast, the building was a little different with Tom And. it That's House of Club. House of Club. Did you Just, did you just hit the SAP button by Accident? No, it says on this, on this website? No, that's the name. Oh, I was translating. Oh, you, you didn't know you hit The SAP button. Yeah. The House of club. The building was a little bit different with Tom and there. Obviously playing wise Tom is different. He had everybody dialed in, high strung environment. So I think everybody was pretty stressed out.


They wanted me to come in, be myself, bring the joy back to football for guys who weren't having as much fun. And then Tom Brady said, today on the broadcast, I thought stressful was not having Super Bowl rings. There was a mindset of a champion that I took to work every day. This wasn't daycare. If I wanted to have fun, I was gonna go to Disneyland with my kids. So, got 'em. Would you rather have fun or win a Super Bowl? I'd say this is the old Lane Johnson when we got him in trouble. Yeah, That's true. When we basically put words in his mouth. Is Tom Brady not fun? No. Ly Johnson said That. No, we led him to say that. We definitely did. I remember we were, we basically put it in his mouth.


Yeah. But he down His throat. We put it in his mouth. Tom. I don't, we didn't put it Inly Johnson's mouth. I think Tom Brady might not be a fun hang, But he wins. But he wins. And is that fun? Yes. Yeah. He's just like the finance version of like, we don't have fun here. We make bank. Yeah. Having fun. Having fun is actually for losers. Yeah. That might be a, that might be true. It, it kind of is. Winning is more, is the most fun you can have, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's the most fun you can have while having no other fun. Right. You when one you win. That's the peak of fun. What it takes to get to winning. Not fun. That part sucks. I actually think losers have way more fun than winners.


Yeah. They just hang out. But then if you lose too much, then that, then you're not having any fun on that side too. The key is to be an unaware loser. Yeah. 'cause then your life is just awesome all the time To think you're a winner. Yeah. You just lose and you're like, well, I, I don't care. Like maybe if you just do a podcast and you get on this podcast all the time and you talk a lot of shit about people that have accomplished a lot in their chosen field of athletics and you make fun of them, you're a loser, but you're unaware that you're a loser. Correct. So you would probably have a lot of fun doing that. Right. You have a lot of fun. Hypothetically. Have a lot of fun. Hypothetically. Okay, so max season's over. I mean, we could make a change.


Oh, so with Nick Siri's season is over. Current mindset is that Yeah. And Jalen Hurts is addicted to turning the ball over. Oh no. Are we about to have this conversation? Let's wait, Let's wait. Let's wait till Lane Johnson comes back. And AJ Brown. I think because I don't want to have this conversation that we've been dancing around for a while. I think AJ Brown is gonna make a big difference. It Sounds like you're having the conversation in your head though. Let's wait. But are you, we're not gonna have this conversation. Has the conversation occurred in your head? Yes. Okay. That's bad. Who's winning the convers? That's the conversation. Is it it Angry Max or is it what?


I'm not asking the question. I is it is Angry Max winning the conversation or is cool-headed Rational Max. I Think Angry Max. Angry Max. Angry Max is angry. Tough to argue with. Yeah. Always controls this brain. Well the good News is do do you think depending on what you eat, it goes like, if you eat a salad, it goes to com max. If you eat a meatball goes to Angry Max. I dunno, the more Italian you eat, the angrier your ang brain gets. Like, it's like, oh, I'm well fed now. I dunno. Max, can I give you some good News? Max also, congratulations to Max. He completed his wedding finale this weekend. Thank you. Five wedding. Four weddings in five weeks.


Gauntlet. Congrats Max. I'm, I am I'm fighting for my life right now. Yeah, I can tell. I Can tell you did it though. I could Tell It's an impressive stretch. Here's some good news for you, max. You have the buy that's good. Making any changes over the buy, maybe get healthier after that. The Browns after that, the giants after that. The Bengals and after that the Jaguars. Oh, Is that even a thing where teams bring in coaches from the outside in the middle of the season? No. No, No. So why are you even floating that out there? Why not? Because it's not realistic. Are you talking about an interim coach? No, he is throwing out Belichick and Abel.


But that would be unprecedented. Has that ever happened? I don't think so. So early You hired just an interim coach for hire. Coach O would be great at that job. Yeah. Yeah. He's not doing anything. Alright. A boy can dream. A boy can dream. Yeah. Why? Well, you said that like that's your solution. Like how do we fix, turn the season around. Let's do something that's never been done in the history of correct sport. That's a bad spot to be in. It's A really bad spot to be in. They looked horrible today. Yeah. And it's just bad vibes. The vibe. The vibes haven't been good in a year. Well, It's the booing. It's everything. Oh, the booing the boo. It's booing against everything. You're right. Hey, Phillies, That's gonna end. Why?


Why? What is wrong? I don't know. I, I feel I have, I also got bad vibes for that. What, what, what? What's So I'm just a Go ahead. You're almost there. No, no, no, no, no, no. Nevermind. Finish the thought. We have more football. You got a playoff run coming up. You can't think losing Dude, Finish the thought. We gotta think winning. I'm scared. Ranger s Suarez all of a sudden sucks. Oh no, I'm scared. We've, Well Max, I just looked this up here in 1978, the San Diego Chargers head coach Tommy Prothro resigned four weeks into the season and the Chargers got Don Corelle. Oh, ooh.


From the Cardinals. That's, Yeah. Shut up. Hank. On Unprecedented In your face. Hank Don Corll sucking Hank ball. He got about Big Don Cor. Yeah. Big C. Somebody said this. I don't, I didn't see it with my own two eyes, so I might be spreading fake news here. Did Big Dom participate in the post game coach's handshake? I I, I Don't know. That would be funny if he, I didn't stick around if Big Siri's been emasculated so much. That big Dom like holds the back of Nick Siri's hand. Yeah. And they shake it Together. We're gonna this Yeah. Let me bring my Conig. I wanna make sure that this man doesn't break your hand. I have to protect you at all costs. Okay.


Before we do the last five games, pte, you want to do a couple ads? Yes.


Before we get back to the NFL, it's brought to you by Morgan and Morgan. Life can be crazy. Sometimes one person's negligence can result in another settlement. You should, you should try to sue Nick Ciani. Max call Morgan Morgan about that. Okay. Coaching negligence has impacted my good friend Max. If you're injured by the negligence of another, you deserve to be paid. If you're in an accident, not calling a lawyer means you could be leaving money on the table. When you're seriously hurt, your injury could be worth millions. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over a hundred offices nationwide. More than a thousand lawyers with over $20 billion recovered for over 500,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is so easy. If you're ever injured, you can check 'em out. Check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win For. more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or you can dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement for Morgan and Morgan.


The games are also brought to you by Better Help. This podcast is sponsored by Better Help. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give Better help a try. It's the Halloween season. Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies? And Ghosts Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place. And holding ourselves back. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give Better Help a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Overcome your fears with Better Help. Visit better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/pmt.


Okay. Texans Jaguars. Texans 24 Jaguars 20 CJ Stroud, game winning Drive. Jaguars look like they might be. Okay. Get off the mat and then they lose And. it feels like things are starting to spiral for Dougie P because he was asked after the game about his status and he said my status. I mean, no, kind of a strange question, but okay. Yeah, Yeah. Like he hadn't thought about that at all. There was another part of his post game press conference that stood out and I think a lot of people didn't pick up on it. But if you're Jaguars fan, you probably know exactly what I'm talking about.


Doug Peterson has not said publicly that press Taylor is the play caller. Yeah, he's their offensive coordinator. Doug Peterson's in charge of the offense. He's called a lot of plays earlier in his career and people were speculating that maybe he was calling the plays now for Jacksonville. He said in the press conference, just outta nowhere. He goes, press Taylor called a great game today. Number one. I don't think Press Taylor called a great game today. But he threw that out there. And then right after that he said, listen, if you're gonna point fingers, point fingers at me. Yeah. So what Doug Peterson just did was throw his offensive coordinator under the bus very subtly. Yeah.


By letting people know that it's Press Taylor that's calling these plays So shad if you're, if you're watching this press conference, if you need to act somebody, I'm not calling the plays right now. It was like a little bat signal. Yeah. That was Sent up there. That's kind of shitty. Yeah. He also was like, they gotta, they gotta make plays. Yeah. That kind of throwing it back on the players, That part if, if he was not intending to throw his offense coordinator under the bus, which he might not have been, maybe he was. But if he was intending to do that, he did a nice subtle job of doing it. If he didn't, then you can still say, well then right after that you said that our players need to go out and execute. Yeah. 'cause we called it a great game. Now Trevor, I don't think played poorly today. He had like a couple overthrows.


That one deep one that was, I don't know who it was, was wide, wide open. You could definitely Say that. Oh my God. That Trevor missed two touchdown passes Today. Yeah, that was bad. But he also made some really good throws today. He, he needs to cut it out with the spin moves to nowhere. Yeah. Spin moves to nowhere are always, always bad. I don't understand. So the Jaguars did a pretty good job of running the ball today. And then when they got the ball back, or sorry, they got the ball with like 3, 3 50 ish left in the game up up three, they decided to run the ball on first down and then pass, pass both in completions kicked it back to the Texans with more than enough time to to for CJ Stroud with timeouts in his back pocket.


Go on a game winning drive. I don't care if you wanna say, well we gotta stay aggressive, we gotta stay aggress. He's like in that situation under four minutes you have to try to give, like if you're gonna give the ball back, it has to be with as little amount of time as Possible. And was at TN hurt today? Did he get injured early on? I don't know. We were going back And forth. I do not recall. We Were watching the game in the PMT studio and I do not recall. Couldn't focus on all of 'em at the same time. I do not. He came back, I think. Yeah, I thought I heard that he got hurt, but because everybody was like, why the fuck isn't at the end running this football? Yeah. I mean that was just a, I don't know why they weren't running there and trying to burn clock. And then CJ Stroud happened.


And I have a question for you. PFT is Nico Collins a top three wide receiver? 'cause it feels like he is. He's awesome. He's so good. They, CJ Stroud watching this game, like it was basically like anytime they get in trouble they just hit the Nico Collins button. Yeah. They got, and just, he'll make a big fucking play for you. The Texans have some serious weapons. It's like them and the Vikings that have the two best weapons. I'd like to see those teams play. Yeah. Better be a shootout. Yeah, but they're, Well, unless one team fumbles, That's true. And, it Changes the whole quote, scope of the game. That's, that would be against the 49 ERs. So CJ Stroud is just, he's, he's entering that conversation where it's like if you're within one possession at the end of the game.


Yeah. CJ will figure out a way to get it done. Yes. I, I read something interesting about him this week, actually. Did you know that he moved his barber to Houston? He had a barber Power move. He Had a barber, I think he met him at Ohio State and they became good friends. And then he, he gets drafted, obviously, by the Texans, and then he like flew his barber out a couple times a month. Got him some nice haircuts, and then he was like, you know what? Fuck it. Why don't you just move down to Houston? I love that. That's such a good move. I love that because having a good barber is like a good therapist. The Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Especially maybe a little scalp massage there. That's Wow. We shouldn't do that with Texans. Yeah. Watch out the, yeah. The last therapist that got flown out there. Yeah. Didn't it? So kindly.


But yeah, CJ Shr is in that category of if you made a list of guys with the ball in their hands with two minutes left and need a touchdown, he's top five. Yeah. Of, Yeah. I feel confident. Just the poise he has is just always insane. Yeah. But Nico Collins is, I sometimes we forget about Nico Collins. I don't. He, he gets, He gets lost. I have him on all my fantasy teams. Not to, not to brag, so I don't, but He's really good. He's really fucking good And. it really does feel like anytime they get in a jam, they just hit that button. This just is a vibes thing. But it might, there might be a stat to back it up. Is Laramie tonsil going for the record for flags this year?


He might be, but counterpoint, I, I have another question for you. Big Cat to answer this question. Okay. Do you remember the name of the other first overall pick? Who's on the Jacksonville Jaguars from I believe 2022. I think That's Josh Allen. No, he might be the most untalked about first overall pick in the NFL. Oh, yeah. No, Josh Allen was not the, it's the guy from Georgia. Joshua Hinz Allen. Yeah. He was drafted, I think the same spot that other Josh Allen was drafted. No, It's from ge. The guy from Georgia. Guy from Georgia. Trayvon. Yeah. Trayvon Walker. Walker. Yes. Walker. Trayvon Walker. People don't remember. They have that guy as a first overall pick too. They do. And he might be a holding merchant.


Yeah. Because he got, I think it was three holding penalties that he got against tonsil today. Tonsils trying to break the record. Yeah. I really feel it. I, I don't know if there's a stat to look it up, but, you know, he had the triple, the triple false start last week. I think he had a couple more this week. I kind of like it. Like I, I'll say right now, Laramie Tsel, I support your aspirations to break the record for most flags in a season. And also if you had a quarterback that was getting hit a lot, wouldn't you rather have your offensive lineman just hold the guy and prevent him from getting clobbered? Yes. Also, also, if you're Laramie Tsel and you want maybe the Google results to not be the, the bong mask, breaking the record for most penalties in a season would be pretty good.


That's True, because I think if you Google Laramie Tunsil Holding. Yeah. It doesn't auto-populate to holding a gas mask bong. Yeah. Yep. Okay. It's not even on the list anymore. There You go. So, good job. Laramie Tunsil. He's gonna break the record. I gotta find out how many he actually has. I gotta look this up real quick. Laramie Tunsil. They should give, that should be a defensive stat too. What if you draw an offensive holding? Yeah, I'd agree. It should be a half a sack. Yep. Penalties. Which I think is what Tonsil had in that bong. It's kind of funny. I I just love his name. It is fun to say You Laramie tonsil.


I'm seeing right here it says 15 flags so far this year. That's crazy. See, I, I would not mind that if I was CJ Stroud. Oh no. 10, 10 penalties through four games for Laramie tonsil. Now that's awesome. I think he's going for it. Go for it. I want that Most penalties by any player through week three since 2000. I love that. Yes. And. It does feel like it Needs to be like a Joseph McGuire thing. Yeah. Where like we, we do a, we do a flag watch. Yeah. Who else would be up there for holding Pins? I don't know. But I want Laramie tonsil. I want a flag watch. I want them to break into a, like, playoff baseball to game, to just be like, And. we break in live to Houston Laramie tonsil with another hold. They just show the replay of the hold.


Then they get outta there. Yeah. Red zone for hold. Yeah. Every, every drop back. I was talking to Arian the other day and he was telling me about what a deep part of the Texans culture Andre Johnson still is to this day. Do you know what his title is? No. Because he still is Director of vibes. He's working for the Texans. His title is being Andre Johnson. Oh. So Arian saw him at a game one time. He was like, Hey, good to see you. He is wearing the shirt and everything. The, the Texans polo shirt. He's like, what are you doing for the team? He goes, I'm just being me. Oh, I love it. They love, they just pay Andre Johnson love to hang out and just be himself. I love it. Which is important to do, I think if you have a guy like him Yeah. That played for a bunch of shitty quarterbacks and was still really, really good.


Just keep that guy in the building. Yeah, they Did. Jerry Reiner did it with Scotty Pip, where he just made him like ambassador to basketball. There you go. Sorry about not paying you Scott earlier. Yeah. Here, sit on the sideline. Here's $50,000 a year to hang out. Yeah. Pretty much. Pretty much. Okay. Next up. Commanders 42. Cardinals 14 PFT Are the Commanders just good? I think they might be good. I think so too. I think I might have a good fun team. I think they're good. And it's, I think they're good at football. It's crazy to think about that. Now this I, I will get to some Jaden suck fest stuff in a second. But I feel like the most impressive thing about the Commanders today, two things actually. One, our defense. Our defense was pretty good. Yeah. I would say that they were good to, which is crazy considering that if you asked me a week ago what I thought about their defense, I'd say probably the worst in the league.


I, I feel like they're getting to a Dan Quinn competency level. Yes. Like a baseline. Dan Quinn, which Is all I I'm hoping for. Like, they don't Make mistakes. I, I never said anything beyond yfs. But if we have a good defense, if we have like 20th, You listening in saying Ranked defense, I'm thinking a win in the offs. I'm thinking maybe, maybe visional week. I'm thinking maybe that team today look like they could be in a soupy. I, no, Not soupy, not Soy. I'm, I'm thinking soy. If our, if our defense is, that Was the soupy team. If our defense is 16th in the NFL soupy. Right. Better as a defense than Dak Prescott is his quarterback.


I would say that we could lose the NFC championship game. To who? My, anybody. That's kind of our ceiling this year. I feel like if for defense, it's just kind of, if it's average to a little bit above average, but I don't think that's gonna stick around. I think That's Soupy and our offensive line has really turned a corner too. Yeah. Which is also another thing that I thought would be a weakness. But our offensive line and a running game looked awesome today. So is it soupy? No. I'm not thinking soupy. He's a rookie quarterback. And. we have a lot of, a lot of work to do with our roster, but he, but but he is, he's different. Yeah, He's very good. He's a 82% completion Percentage. It's crazy. Yes. So I have a couple, what's the opposite of insult stats?


I don't know. Incest stats. 'cause I love that brother. Yeah. That works. Okay. Jayden Daniels, his completion percentage, 82.1%. And that's through his first four games playing in the NFL 82.1. That's the highest of any four game stretch in the regular season since the NFL merger. Wow. Like of all time. Second place Peyton Manning in 2008, 81%. Third place, 2007, Tom Brady, 79.2% Elite company. That's pretty sick. Good company to be in. That's pretty sick. He's completed at least 85% of his passes in two consecutive games.


He's the first quarterback in the NFL history to have two consecutive games of at least 85% or higher completion percentage. The first quarterback. That's Pretty sick. It's, it's weird. It is. It's weird being so happy with my team and I was thinking about it. 'cause I, I'm still getting tweets from people being like PFT. I'm very, it's so fun. So cool to see you. Happy. I'm glad that you're happy watching football. Which I appreciate because I've had some pretty bad teams that I've rooted for that I think might turn around in the next couple weeks because people are gonna get sick of me being happy pretty quick. No, I was saying to you before, I think it's just that if Jaden Daniels has a bad game, people will definitely be like, Hey, you said that you wouldn't trade, you would only trade Jaden Daniels for Patrick Mahomes.


They would say that, but I don't think they'd stop being happy for you. They would just try to dunk on you for That. Maybe not. Which you Shouldn't apologize for. I won't apologize for you. Get excited. I'm very happy. My mom texted me during this game when she was watching and her text was just, I want to have Jaden Daniels over for dinner. Oh, nice. So that's Nice. Which try To arrange that. Yeah. We'll see. But no, I'm not thinking soupy. But I today it was encouraging and also just having a fun team. It's, it's wild. I don't know what's happened. Yeah. It it is very fun. Yeah. It was the, it was my fun over today. 'cause I remember we were talking about it, that they, they were responsible for our happiness in the afternoon. Yep. And. it was, it was Fun. You called the fun over I called Commander's Money Line back in August. Yeah, that's true.


Oh yeah. You cash your bet. You cash my bet. Terrible line. But you cashed it Ca That's fine. That's fine. Max is, I think already starting to not be so happy with me. Well, 'cause Jalen Hertz is, he's having Angry Max conversations about it. Yeah. Max, I said that the, I was telling you that they're good Commanders are are first in the NFC East. Correct? Yes. They were first in The NFC East last week. That's also, yeah. But they're, they've gone another week of being first the NFC East. Correct. Are they the, have they you held the NFC East's crown for the most weeks? I think so. Yeah, Sure. Yeah. No, I think, yeah. No, Eagles had it week one, right?


Yeah. Yeah. You won the game in Brazil. And then what happened week two with you? They lost. You lost. But we won week two. I think you held it for two weeks. No, I think you were still week one. Oh, damn. We had to get that stat. No, no sweets Week two. 'cause week two you beat a, the, you beat a Oh yeah, you beat the giant True in in the division. Yeah. So you've had it for the most weeks. That's True. I got, Wow. That's pretty huge. But at one point today, I, I told Max that the Eagles should put Kenny Pickett in, not because Jalen was, or Jayden. Now I'm getting my Jalen my Jay's mixed up. We're talking about the Eagles. Not because Jalen wasn't playing well. I just thought that you don't want to get him hurt in this game.


Yeah. And then Max flipped out and was like, you've been good for one week. Actually three now. Yeah. Now Was, well, that was before that Game. Three weeks. That was before that. Giants, the Cardinals offense is, it feels broken to me because they Just forget about Marvin Harrison. Well, It's not even that. It's like they either have a drive that looks like they're the most explosive offense in the world where James Connor's running through people and then Kyle Murray scrambles and hits a deep shot. Or it's three and out. It feels like there's nothing in between. Like they just, I, they had two drives. I think it was maybe their first drive and a drive in the third or fourth quarter where it looks like no one in the world could stop the Cardinals.


Every other drive looks atrocious. Yeah. They, but when they were driving, it's like, this is the formula. Stick with it. And nobody could guard Marvin Harrison Jr. When they throw him the ball and then they just, for, it's like for complete quarters. The Cardinals forget to pass the ball. Yes. Yes. It's, but yeah, PF D, I think the Commanders are gonna came right down. And I was just like, I think the Commanders are good. A good team. It's not, it's not a flute. 'cause the Monday night game, you always had it in your back of your head. Be like, all right. We caught fire for one game. Yeah. That was cool. But no, they're just a really good team. Jaden Daniels makes every single moment of my life better. I'm, I'm happier all the time because of him. That makes sense. And I don't want anything bad to happen to him.


That makes sense. I wanna protect. Why would you say that? I wanna protect It because it's always in the back of my head, the, the pumpkin thing, the stage coach turning into a pumpkin at midnight. That's always gonna be in the back of my head. Yeah. Don't let anything bad happen to him. Don't, he's awesome. And I'm thinking Y offs win. I'm thinking maybe Divisional Wiki. Love it. Divisional. Divisional Wiki. Divisional wiki. Also, if you want to HJ and Daniels, I have an easy way, way you can do that. I said during the game, like, Hey Steven Che, do you have any terrible nicknames for Jayden Daniels? Like how he used to call Justin Fields. Justino. Justino. So credit to Steven Che. He followed through on this assignment and sent me a list of nicknames that I can yell at the TV. When he says, too bad. Do you want to hear 'em?


Yes. This will, this will make you hate Jayden Daniels jd kind of like Jay-Z in parentheses. He says, Wouldn't JD more be like Jack Daniels? Yeah, that's okay. Good point. Yeah. Or or JD Vance. Yeah. The Jade D Animal. Ooh, Cinco. D Daniels. Ooh. Ooh. And then he just said, any bomber plane that you know of could work. What? So if I want to call him like a B two or a B One does not work at all that That could work. Yeah. Also, the warthog. I don't mind the warthog. The War ho's not bad. War Ho's pretty sick. The war ho's not bad. Or the warthog. Anyways, I, I'm happy all the time because of Jay Daniels.


That's Awesome. I'm happy for, I'm happy You're happy. Hank would you like to talk about the Patriots? Surely 49 ERs 30 Patriots 13. We have the worst offensive line in the history of the NFL. Oh, is that it? Defense played pretty good. Our offensive line stinks. It completely makes the game impossible. Yeah, it does. Short, Short drives defense is on the field, all game. They get tired. It's impossible. The like defense, I don't think is the problem. But when you have no offensive line, it's impossible to get anything going. Yeah. And when drives go, you know, three and out, you have two or three, three and outs in the first quarter, first half.


And it's like, this game's over. We can't, we're not gonna score and it's over. Yeah. And you're in a weird position where with an offensive line like that, probably not the best idea to start your rookie quarterback. No. Right. But he would be the only thing that would make it like half enjoyable to watch football. Correct. So you're, you're, you're in a real conundrum. Yeah. Now you, you're just kind resigning yourself to a season watching bad football. Yeah. Yeah. Which was kind of, I knew it was gonna be the case going into it. We had the first week, you know, Up, but Fred Warner's pick was so fucking cool. Yeah. He jumped so high and then ran not that fast, but all the way down the field for a touchdown. Also, Brock Purdy at one point had nine completions for 199 yards.


That's crazy. It was just everyone was getting big plays. Did You see that catch that Kittle had? Yeah. a touchdown catch where you jumped over three people to haul it in. Yeah. Jawan Jennings is just also a stud. Yeah. It's Crazy. So somehow Jawan Jennings like, don't, don't really miss a beat. Nope. They were just, yeah. I mean that was, we, we said it Friday. This was the get right game. Yeah. Trent Williams 49ers had it Got very right. Yeah. Trent Williams was just Steamroll. He was getting right all day. Good news. If you're a Niners fan, Christian McCaffrey is expected to start running on hard ground soon. So I don't know what he is been training on sand, what they have in, in Germany, but maybe sand, maybe doing like underwater treadmill like Blake did when he was recovering.


Dude Germany's so far to go to the doctor. Yeah. Like think about how much it sucks to go to the doctor and you gotta go all the way to Germany. I just Got my first physical in like six years. Oh, I need to do that so bad. And there's doctors that live right down the street from me, every place I've been. Yeah. I need to do that. I need to get one. Or even their offices are right there too. Yeah. I feel like the Niners are gonna beat up the Cardinals next week. So they're gonna get right on after their get right. They're gonna get real. Right. They're gonna get so right hard. Right. Yeah. They're gonna be like Kate in the case race looking. Right. Raiders Browns wrapping up Raiders 20, brown 16.


The business decision game. It worked. Antonio Pierce had no Max Crosby, no Devonte Adams, he got crazy with it. They had like, they had, I think six dudes run the football at, at one point there was six guys who got carries that, you know, they only have two running backs. And they just did, they did kind of a mini kitchen, kitchen sink where they just threw everything at it and won this game. And I don't know, the Browns might be one of the biggest bummer teams out there right now. They're big time bummers. Like Amari Cooper wants out. Yeah. He does not want to be there anymore. Who Caught that long touch then that got cold back? Amari Cooper. That Was Cooper. Okay. So if you're a Browns fan, you have every right to complain about that.


Yeah. It, it was, it might've been by the letter of the law, a penalty, a block in the back. But it you, it was not enough to throw a flag on my opinion. And I don't know how Deshaun Watson, I look you, it takes sacks. I get it. But like fourth down for the game on the line, you have to throw the ball somewhere. You have to. Yep. That pick was not his fault though. That was actually a great pass that he threw, that bounced off his receiver's hand. But they, they just have, it feels like their offensive line issues with injuries and everything. They're just, maybe Nick Chubb fixes a lot of it. I don't know. He is fun to root for. At least you get that back if you're a Brown fan. He is on his way back. If You can't get Jamison, the game, a fun guy to root for is Nick Chubb.


Yeah. The Yeah. The flag was was bullshit on the Ma Cooper. So yeah. The Brown should have won this game, but still their bad vibes Also credit to the Raiders. I know the business decision thing, but this, they probably had the opposite of players only meeting this week. Yeah. Where it was just like, coaches, you have to listen to all the coaches talk to you all the time this Week. All the time. And it paid off for 'em. These are the kind of games that Antonio Pierce will have your team win. Yeah. Like the real ugly ones. I loved it. I give the Raiders a better than 50% chance in every 50 50 game. Agreed. Do we have Johnny Fanta? Oh yeah. Fanta. Fanta. We saved this. We started, P and i were sitting in here by ourselves. And. we started to play it and then we're like, you know what, let's save it so we can react with the people.


This is becoming one of my favorite Sunday night traditions is just pulling up John Fantas Twitter and seeing how he reacted to another heartbreaking Browns loss. This one is two minutes and 14 seconds. Okay, that's fine. I, that's, listen, you gimme two hours of Fanta, I'll take it. Okay. I'm just letting you know. Okay. Also, I this someone messed around with this tv. Oh, so it's not working Like we, you're just seeing yourself, Right? Yeah. We see ourselves. It's kind of nice. But you can't see This. No. Nope. Can't see anything. I just wanna hear fancy this time. Yeah, let's just hear 'em. I'll use my imagination. It looks like Fanta.


I'm doing a deep fake inside My brain. Sad and sickened. I'm Ill for the Browns fans who spent their hard earned money and ventured across America, ugh. To go watch that they're in Vegas. Come on. And a one in three team, a team that comes out every Sunday and like clockwork can go right down the field on their opponent. The Cleveland Browns scored a touchdown on their opening drive. They then went and scored a field goal from there. The offense produced nothing. Not a thing. It's not Deshaun Watson's fault on this Sunday.


It's not. Thought this was one of his best performances as the Cleveland Brown. 176 yards. And I think that that just makes you feel how much more painful about this loss because it's across the team. 260 days ago, this organization was in a playoff game. Oh. And as we sit and talk right now, they're one in three with bosses in back to back weeks to the Giants and the Raiders. Oh. It still feels like they're trying to feel everything out on offense. There's more organization on the Las Vegas strip at 3:00 AM on a Saturday than there is with this team in game offensively.


They can't score. They can't score. They have failed to reach 20 points in a game. One and three a lost season. I'm sad. And I'm sickened. And now you think to yourself, what are the consequences about to be for this organization this year goes on. Because it doesn't feel like they have leadership. It, it feels like they're soul searching Defense. You, you made a big effort in the fourth quarter. I could appreciate that. But you're losing the Giants and Raiders. You were in the playoffs 260 days ago.


I'm ready for playoff baseball. Ah. End Sunday. I love it. Fanta, he, I think he's pretty levelheaded. I can't score. I can't score. He put on a, a guardian head. Oh, he did. Good. So that's, I love it. You love it feels bad for the fans who spent their hard earned dollar. I love that. Nobody watches out for the fans' dollar. Like Fanta also Vegas. Like not a bad, you know, you went to Vegas for the weekends. Maybe a lot of those Browns fans made money. Yeah, they probably did. Yeah. That's a good point. Maybe they bet against the Browns would've been a great point. Business decision game. Also, the Raiders did this without Max Crosby. Yeah. Max Crosby and Devonte Adams without Devonte Adams.


So the Devonte Adams that feel, it felt like a weird announcement of his injury. Right. It was back to back. Anybody else get weird vibes about that On Wednesday? I believe it was. They were just like, oh yeah, these two guys are out The best two players on the Raiders. Yeah. And to, to win this game. That's what, that's the Antonio Pierce Factor. Memes definitely thinks Devonte Adams getting treated to the Jets. 100%. He thinks that's happening. Yes. And for what? Sa Reddick. Oh, I don't hate that. Yeah. The Raiders would have a dominant defensive line. They'd have And. we would get a dominant receiver, a pretty Great pass rush. He'd still throw it down. Lazar. Oh, he'd still throw to Al Lazar.


Yeah. Well, no, Devonte Adams is just, you know, a, a souped up Alan Lazar. It's still Roger's guy. You're right. He, he still wouldn't Throw a guy. Would you trade Devonte Adams for Garrett Wilson? Ooh, Nah, No. Nah. I mean, Devonte Adams is more accomplished. I think I would, It's older. I think I would, I think I'd like Are the saying the contracts are equal? I it's clear that Aaron Rogers does not like Garrett Wilson. That is clear. Yeah. So get him a guy that they like. I think maybe the Raiders have thrown a pick.


If they traded Hassan Reddick, I would like that move for the, for the Raiders to get that guy. Because they would essentially be building an entire defense out of just pissing off Patrick Mahomes. Yep. Like we're going to build our defense just to beat the fuck outta this one guy. It would work. I, yeah, I think you, I think you gotta try to get Devonte Adams go all in. You're in an all in mindset memes. You're right, you're right. We should just get him, get Hassan out. Not out of the building. Just off the team. He's not in the building. Yeah, I, I Correct. He's never been in there. Yeah. He literally doesn't even know what you guys look like. Yeah. You got a question? P-F-T-I-I had a question for.


Yeah, I had a question for memes. Memes. Do you, do you still have Super Bowl aspirations? No, because Roberts can't prepare For more than two weeks. So we would Just lose. Damn, that's Super Bowl's in a dome. It's in a dome. But he has time to prepare and he can't prepare. It's too much time. It's too much time. Yeah. Too much time. If we won the A FFC championship on a Sunday and played it on Thursday, we would win. Yeah, that's fair. True. Unless the other team met was coming from different time zone. That's also true. Yeah. Alright, last game. Chiefs Chargers. Chiefs 17. Chargers 10. The Chiefs own the Chargers. This is the, the Chargers never beaten the Chiefs in la.


The Chiefs have beaten the Chargers 11 straight times on the road. Hmm. That's pretty crazy. Dead. 11 straight. And Justin Herbert was, you know, he, he played, he gutted it out. No, Joe Walt, no Rashaan Slater. It was pretty clear the Charger's offense was hampered. Couldn't really do anything after the first quarter. And then we had obviously Patrick Mahome a big story. Patrick Holmes threw an interception and then fell into Rashe Rice's knee and that looked bad. Yeah. So Rashe Rice is gonna be out for a while. Andy Reed said doesn't look good. I don't know what the MR MRI is gonna show, but probably nothing good for the chief's offense. And now they basically have Travis Kelsey and Xavier worthy and Xavier worthy.


He ran a couple. Travis Kelsey and Noah Gray. And Noah Gray and Carson Steele. Doghouse Crocky. Jake Doghouse. Kareem Hunt. No. Yeah. Carson Steel's doghouse. He fumbled again. Oh yeah. That doghouse. So se it was the second fumble in the last three games. He's doghouse, Doghouse. What do, what do alligators get put in when they fuck up? I don't know. Pair of boots. Pair of boots. Yeah. Pair of boots. He's in a pair of boots. Yeah. It's P Ryan and, and Kareem Hunt. Until, until he gets outta the doghouse. So they gotta figure out what they're gonna do at Wide receiver though. Because Chief Devonte Adams. Devonte Adams, They would never chief the Chiefs would never, What if they got Chris Jones for Devonte Adams? I don't think they would do that. Probably not. But Chris Jones was a beast today.


Yeah. He's a monster. Whatever. Whatever blocking scheme the charger was dialed up to try to take care of him. It was one-on-one I think for the most part. And he was just fucking their lives up at the end. It's also pretty clear that these Chiefs are just gonna win every game, but just it's gonna be ugly. Yeah. Yeah. They were down 10 nothing very fast in this Game. Yeah. Oh, should we get this dial? Are the Chiefs frauds. They haven't beaten any really good teams Ravens. That's right. They beat the Ravens. Not Frauds. And the Bengals you think are back, But they weren't back when they played the Chiefs. They were not dead though either. That was those Bengals. Not these Bengals. Yeah. No. The Chiefs I think are just, they know how to win territory.


Yeah. So speaking of which, Patrick Mahomes just had his hundredth career, regular season start. How many wins does he have out of 182? Close I think. Oh, I was gonna say, I think Hank's right? 78. That's pretty good. Pretty crazy. 78 and 22. That's nice. That is very nice for Chiefs fans. That's a lot. A lot. A lot of wins. He's so good. If it's a one possession game, the Chiefs are winning. Yeah. That's just how it goes. If they're down to any point in the game, he's winning. I actually think I saw that stat that he's the only quarterback to have a winning record overall down. I gotta find this stat. It was crazy down 10. He's like 13 and 12.


That's insane. Hold On, I gotta find this stat because it was nuts. Here do it. Do an ad while I do it while I find It.


Okay. Before we get back to this super stat from Patrick Mahomes brought to you by our great friends over@cars.com. cars.com. Check it out. They will tell you when is the best time to sell your car. If you wanna find a trustworthy dealer dealership reviews from shoppers like you, what cars.com offers the latest research shopping tools and dealership reviews to help every shopper find the perfect car. You can shop by monthly payment or filter by features to find the cars that fit your budget and your needs. cars.com is the absolute best. I love cruising cars.com. You can see all sorts of information about your car. You can find out when the best time is to sell it and cars.com also helps you out. They help us out at the Barstool Sports office. If you happen to win the employee of the Month parking spot, you get luxury parking right in the front with cars.com and use the My Garage feature to check out your cars value visit cars.com. Start exploring your next possibility today. It's cars.com. Check it out now.


Okay. I can't, I found an old one that's pretty crazy. The Patrick Mahomes is, has a 58% winning percentage. This is from two years ago when losing by 10 plus. And that's a better winning percentage than Joe Burroughs overall winning percentage. I gotta find the better one. I think it was like he's 13 and 12 now. I think when losing by 10. And there was a stat where it was like Tom Brady was 20 and 60 when losing by tens. Like he just, it doesn't matter for him. Yeah, he's, he's the best. It's and he hasn't had statistically his best season. No. And that past to Xavier worthy was six stats Are for losers that past to Xavier worthy. Was it? It was just backbreaking. If you're a fan of any team but the Chiefs who might play the Chiefs in the playoffs.


Yeah. Because you're like, we can't, we can't guard this guy. We Can't deal that. Do you think? Oh, 12 And he's 12 and Oh in games where they go down by exactly 10 points. That's crazy. Yeah. How is that Possible? Because then he scores a touchdown and then your defense or your offense then feels pressured and then you punt the ball back and then Harrison Bucker kicks a field goal from 60 yards Also. That was a Jim Nance stat and he was wrong. Okay. But It sounds good. 18 and 14 overall when trailing by 10 plus. That's crazy. Eight and five in games trailing by exactly 10 at some point. Also. Crazy. Yeah. So it doesn't matter.


Can rash she rice, go to Germany. Yeah. The Audubon over there. It Is kind of like, if anyone else does that, it's not a big story. Yeah. Patrick Mahomes throws an interception and then takes out his best receiver in the same play. That's just Patrick Mahomes doing Patrick Mahomes things. That's just, You have to admit that Is Patrick Mahomes stepping in when Goodell wouldn't? Yeah. He's just, he's doing shit that no one could even think of. Yeah. Laying the lumber. Alright, so should we talk real quick about Monday Night Football? We had double header and this one I'm very happy we have a double header because if we had Titans Dolphins alone Yep. We would be in a world to hurt.


Yep. A world to hurt. So any thoughts? I think the lions are gonna be good. They're wearing, they're all black uniforms. That's all I need to hear. Yep. I like the lions Too. And the other game, I don't have a fucking clue who's gonna win that game. Tyler Huntley. If he plays maybe the Dolphins. Yeah. Scoop. Scoop. Is that what they're call 'em Snoop. Snoop. Snoop Huntley. Who, Who knows who Like that game stinks. So interesting fact here Will Levi. So he's had some crazy jamis slash full-blooded Josh Allen type turnovers where he makes like really insanely athletic turnovers and does it in o only ways that like a good athlete could do it, but they still look ridiculous.


He's only had three turnover worthy plays this year. Oh that's kind of weird, isn't it? That is pretty. So Will Levi might not be What Determines turnover worthy Nerds? Nerds that that watch the game and then log in on a spreadsheet. I think at Pro Football Focus, I think they're the ones that do it. Yeah. But Tape Brian. It's like when it's like Sam Donald had a, a turnover worthy play when he threw it to the packer at the beginning of the game today. But he just dropped it. So like Hank Patrick Mahomes is actually really good historically at throwing turnover worthy plays that aren't turnovers And. it might be because the defense is so surprised that Patrick Mahomes just threw them a possible interception. Yes. They freak out and they don't catch it. But I, I get the feeling like Hank doesn't believe in any, any of that turnover.


No stat. It's kinda the same turnover Locked. Yeah. No, doesn't happen.


Alright. Should we do, should we do who's back of the week? Let's see who's back of the week. Brought to you by our friends at Coors Light College football is never short on intrigue, especially when there are iconic rivals. But you can add to the excitement On Saturdays, Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings, the free to play college football. Pick 'em pools where you pick winners for a chance to win big. When the rivalries heat up, it's time to choose chill and then reach for an ice cold. Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill, there's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountain on the bottles and cans even turn blue. When your beer is cold, Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Coors Light is cold lager cold filtered and cold package. When the college football rivalries you're watching Heat Up, choose Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 plus eligibility restrictions. Apply void, wear prohibited sea terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors light. Pick them. Celebrate Responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado Coors Light is the coldest beer out there. It is the best beer. It is Cold filtered. Cold lager. Cold package. Get Coors Light right now. Celebrate responsible Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Okay, Hank who's back the week. Who's Back the week Is America USA? Yeah. We did it. Oh, did we win? We won. Won Won Mighta jinx them Ox on Friday after winning five. Oh Thursday they lost five on Friday. Tied it up. But then we dominated Saturday dominated Sunday won the President's Cup. We're the President's Cup champions. Hell love that. Yes. Can we say world champions? No. 'cause we lost Ryder Cup. Yeah. We're half of the world champions. We Gotta hold both cups. What is the President's Cup against? Who is it against? Internationals. So Everybody except Europe. Every By Europe. Asia. Asia, Australia, Canada And Mexico.


I think So. South America. I don't think there was South America. VJ Representation was VJ there. Did VJ show up? VJ's not there. VJ's on the senior tour. Vj. That guy's a fucking baller. He practiced so much. Did you see Max Ho's shot today? No. The Eagle the first Did it go HOA had an eagle on one. Fuck yes. He was sick. Yeah, that's that is what what Max does. That's our Then we was slamming brew ski on the course afterwards. Hell yes guy's guy. So Ryder, not the Ryder Cup. Ryder Cup's next fall confirmed. You confirmed it. Well yeah. I just kinda made up when I thought the President's Cup was that was wrong. But I know for sure. And then the next year, 2026 Medina President's Cup.


Love that. Oh nice. Now why? Enough to go. Why did the president decide that we're going to go up against NFL Sunday for his cup? I don't know Because I think they teed off at noon, right? Yeah, that was dumb. Yesterday was Saturday was nice 'cause they, they had it on in the morning and the afternoon. So just on all day. And then I was hoping Sunday they were gonna, I was gonna, it was gonna be like a wake up eight to 12 golf and then football. But they didn't start till 1140, which was not the smartest. I know there's no good way to fix this, but it is kind of bizarre that golf has golf on at the exact times that people want to be out playing golf.


Yeah, I've always had that history. Should be night Golf. Yeah, night golf. Like your built in fan base. Didn't Tiger try to do that? He did the, didn't he do a dual Indoor Ball in the desert? I wanna say dual in the desert. Well they're, they have the golf league coming out soon. Dual in the desert. What Was the, is that the one with Liv where they have the partnership in place? No, this is the like indoor thing. Yeah. In Rory's company. It's gonna be great. Sick, Cool. Hank golf pack fire Would've America. Oh yeah, I think I was right. Do you have any pride? What? Do You have any National pride? I don't. About beating, I think process. I don't care about beating Asia and what, who else?


Australia. Canada? No, we gotta beat Europe. That's where the fucking, those are the guys that we have bad blood with. Like, I wanna beat, I wanna beat Rory. There were some very rude spectators this week at the golf. One guy said something disparaging about Scotty Scheffer's wife. What? And then Scotty Scheffer's caddy got up at his face, had him kicked out. Stu Finder will fuck that guy up. He'll fuck. He'll he will will first he'll lick your butt hole then he'll lick a clit then he'll fuck you up. Yeah. Oh it was Monday night Golf. They did Monday night golf from 99 to 2005. They tried to do this. Tiger did and they did a bunch of Monday night like heads up battles battle at Bighorn.


Sounds like it is. It is that Game of Thrones. No, I was gonna say that's civil war. War. It's actual battle. Yeah. Yeah. Costco Battle, right? Battle. Big Horn. Yeah. So why don't, why don't they do night golf but on a actual outside course and use like a glow in the dark ball. Yeah. They should Probably tough to broadcast cosmic golf. Cosmic golf. But then you gotta worry about if your tiger semen on your pants. That's true. Black lights. Black lights show a lot. Yeah. Okay. PFT your who's back? My who's back of the week. I have a Monday reading for this as well. Oh, okay. Dumb rule changes. Nice. And, and this, this fits into Monday Night Football where we have the Miami Dolphins who are not playing so well right now. I don't know if we talked about this on this show, but this was a Reddit post from two, it looks like 273 days ago.


Oh, is this the tragedy? Yeah. Yeah. Did we talk about that on This podcast? I think we did, but we could read it again. I'll, I'll rehash a little bit. Should the Miami Dolphins kill five of their players? Yeah. To trigger a disaster draft to improve their roster. Yeah. The NFL disaster draft is a contingency plan to be used when five or more players on the team have died or been dismembered in the draft. The team whose players died will be able to draft the amount of players from other teams equivalent to how many they had lost. Other teams though are only allowed to protect five players from being drafted. But many teams have good six men that are available with the dolphins having bad contracts on underperforming players such as Zavian Howard. But they could also just kill backups or practice squad players to fill out those five kills to get the disaster draft.


Also, according to Roger Goodell, the team would also get the first pick in next year's draft. Now this next draft class isn't crazy so I could understand their hesitancy and being a repeat offender that is killing five players on your team could raise some eyebrows. But this could still greatly improve the dolphins. What do you guys think and should any other teams do this and who should they kill? Listen, Bears could do it for some offensive linemen. They're the entire line. Yeah. I mean I love, I love these fan loopholes that they find disaster. Like, like the former ring around Steph Curry guys. Yeah. The Reddit geniuses. There is something and when your team is in a bad spot, sometimes you just need to start writing fan fiction for Yourself.


Yeah. I mean this obviously was probably put in place for like a, a airplane tragedy or something. Yeah. But it, we ended up with just fans being like, what if we just killed some of our players? I think it is interesting that they have a disaster draft. Yeah. That that's a contingency that they have in place. My other who's back of the week is soupy it's soup season. Nice. I had, I had soup twice this weekend. Hell yes. Ramen en info. The weather's starting to change a little bit. October's here I'm thinking. Yeah. But I'm just, I'm just eating soup and I might go back to the soup and salad diet every day, which is a great way to lose weight. I love that. So eat soup or salad for every meal. I love that. Soup's So good. I'm in with you. Soup is delicious. What's the weather tomorrow?


Forecast is Soup. Okay. I'm in, I got two. I got two. Who's backs one as well? We just need to, we're gonna talk college football on Wednesday. But that Georgia, Alabama game was so fucking good And Ryan Williams was literally in the matrix. Some of the moves he made were insane. His spin moves are the complete opposite of Trevor Lawrence's. I've never seen anyone that he had his back to the defenders. Yeah. Like he was playing post-up pickup basketball in an SEC football game and still just did a quick move and then got out of it. Yeah. Credit to Georgia for battling back because a lot of teams would've quit at that point. Yeah. Down to Alabama. They dogs. The question has to be asked about De Bo are the Crimson tide better without Nick Saban was Nick Saban holding Alabama back.


There were two gentlemen sitting on this couch to do our college football preview and they laughed at the idea that Alabama could be really good with Jalen d Jalen Monroe and Jalen Dbo as his coach. I like Jalen Miller a rot a lot. I he's grown on me a Lot and he's, he's dynamic. Yes. He, you shouldn't be able to run sideways in an SEC football game and get away with it. Yep. And he does it multiple times game. 'cause he's that Fast. Yeah. Carson Beck tried to run sideways a couple times. Didn't work. No, No. I have a theory on Carson Beck. I think the, I think the tattoos are too much for a quarterback. So I, That's just not a quarterback's look, I You sound like Jerry Richardson but I agree It's not If you have tattoos on your throwing arm.


Right. That tells me the sleeve is, That tells me that you definitely took at least a few hours away from practicing. Correct. Correct. Alright. And then my other, who's back is our dingers only league because tomorrow we have the Mets Braves double header and the Mets Braves double header will be huge because it decides if the, if they split, they both go to the playoffs. So they should do a gentleman's agreement. If one team wins both games, the Diamondbacks will join that team who's won both games in the playoffs. But right now our dingers only is set in the fact that Max is so, so bad. He was 40 home, almost 40 home runs in last place.


So Max will be pitching. Yikes. We'll be doing a video. Max will be pitching, trying to get six outs against a college baseball team. Reach out, reach out, hit us up. The worst part for Max is that he's not gonna have Max in center field for him. Correct. 'cause Max was the star of last year's. Correct. And then second place is the catcher and right now PFT is in second place. He's up one on me. But I have Marcel Zuna playing in a doubleheader Tomorrow. So we could tie Or I could Win. You could win or I could Lose Or you could lose and it's all in a zuna. Yeah. I would rather lose.


And what terrifies me, he's a much, much better baseball player than he is a human being. Yes. And I don't want to catch again. Yeah. So I think that pitching is better than catching. Yeah. Big time. Hank, do you agree? You seem to nod your head. Yeah. Aggressively. You're a catcher or a pitcher? Pitcher. You are a pitcher. Okay. Nice. Yeah. Max, do you still bring the heat? No, never did. Oh, okay. I like this max right now. That's fine though. He's just subdued with like a, he's just got a hangover sitting on top of his brain and he's like, you can see him get angry but his brain is working so slow that he can't fully get there. Yeah. That you're, you're, you just hit the nail Back on.


It's great. I don't know. It's like I, I wouldn't want it all the time, but it's like a, we almost have a lo lobotomized max. Yeah. Basically How I'm Feeling. Max, are you gonna train for this? No. What? No. 'cause you might have to throw a lot of pitches. That's fine. I've thrown, thrown a lot of pitches in my day. Okay. You got this Max. It'll Be, it'll yeah, it'll be, I'll be I'll prob I mean I'll get smoked but it'll be, it'll be fun. It'll be fun. Yeah. It doesn't sound like it's gonna be fun. No, it was fun last year though, when Max was in center field. Yeah. I could be out there for a while. Yeah. Alright, let's wrap up. Numbers 5 11 40.


You Wanna talk Carl Anthony Towns quick? Oh yes. Yeah. Thank you. Good call. So on Friday it was reported that Kat is gonna be traded to the Knicks in exchange for Dante and who? Julius Randall. Julius Randall. Yes. Yeah. So memes, you're a fan of the Knicks. Yes. Was your initial reaction like mine, which was basically that cat could not be a worst fit for this team. My initial reaction was good and then the follow-up tweet was Dante di Vincenzo was in it. And then I was immediately sad. Yeah. But Dante di Vincenzo apparently was like the one the out member of like he wasn't, he was the fourth member of the Nova Nicks.


Yeah. But he was just such a stud last year and such a Solid piece. Why? Or do you think Kat is a bad fit? Just because New York is just going to eat him alive. I Think Tibs is gonna eat him alive. But He already had him as a coach. Yeah. That was more Jimmy Butler. I guess I, I just don't see Kat fitting in with his Knicks team. Maybe I, I might be very wrong about this. I've Had, I do think New York's gonna eat him Alive. I've had much worse sports takes in my life. No, I mean I, I agree that it was weird when I saw it but then I was reading, there was some report that was like Dante di Vincenzo kind of wanted it because he was, he was basically, he had this incredible run last year at the end of the season and then he was going to get bench minutes. He wants to go be the guy and Everyone's gonna be like, Nova Nicks, Nova Nicks.


And he's like, I don't really wanna do this anymore. Is That true? That's what I read. That Is Think like maybe that's true. Maybe Nova teammates aren't as tight as some people let us to believe. I think the Josh Hart, Jalen Brunson and Dante also had like kind of beef with Josh Hart at some point. Yeah, like during his tenure at Nova. So they said that they squashed it But Josh Hart, Jaylen Brunson, Mikhail Mikhail Bridges, that's the three, that's the Nova Knicks. Yep. Dante is on the outside. So when you Say that New York is going to eat him live, what do you mean? I think Knicks fans are going, I mean they were really mean to Julius Randall and like if Ka I just don't Mb dominates. Oh is that true?


Dominates Kat. Oh that's nice. Maxie. That's nice. Yeah, the numbers are crazy. That's nice. What Are the numbers? I think and beat is eight and two against him. I and he, he's averaging like 30 something a game and Kat's average is like 21. Like it's not, lemme pull it up. That's nice. So memes your thoughts After looking at the lineup? I think we do match up well against the number one team in the east, which is the Celtics now. And that's the goal of the trade. You match up against the best team, see how you fit and go from There. We should ask Hank first.


That was a bad job on my part. Hank, how do you feel about this trade? I don't think it affects much. I think New York's going to eat Cat alive to big cat's Point and I don't see them, you know, solid team. Great. And Bead will probably take his knees out as well And they're, I'm not worried about them in the playoffs. They're eating the cats in New York City. Yes. I, I mean he's car length town's a really good player and he does, I would say the spacing probably should work a little bit better for Jalen Brunson. You'd think right? Memes? Yes. You would think. We currently also don't have Seneca's mb you know twist his knee.


Hmm. Mb twisted his Knee. Yeah he twisted his knee. And you guys lost Hartenstein. Hartenstein on OKC. Yeah The thunder did bead really twist someone's knee Contact. Contact game. Contact game. Alright, good, good. Call memes numbers Five forty eleven twenty nine three ninety nine PPFT And memes you ever gotten this? I have not Gotten it. 2174. See everyone on Wednesday.


Talk you guys baseball. Love you guys.