
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have a great, great interview with Michael Silver. He's got a new book out called The Why Is everything. Talking Football, the Shanahan Coaching Tree. Some awesome stories of behind the NFL He came in studio. really, really interesting. He's been obviously in the game for a very long time. We're gonna talk Monday night Football. PFT was in the house. We're gonna talk College football Wednesday. We got a lot to get to there.


Hot Seat, cool. Throne Guys On Chicks Pack show for you.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings can't make bets. Make picks this NFL season with DraftKings Pick six, which wide outs scored more than two tds, which QB QBs threw for less than 350 yards, which D lineman had more than two sacks Now. If you think you can pick who will do that before kickoff, you gotta play pick six from DraftKings, an official daily fantasy partner of the NFL. It's super simple to get started. First, download the DraftKings Pick six app, then select between two and six players and choose if they will have more or less of a stat like yards, touchdown sacks, and more. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. And for all first time Pick six players. Check this out. New customers play $5 on your first Pick six set, and you get $50 in Pick six credits. Jump in now to the new most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. download the DraftKings Pick six app now and use code take take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 in your first pick set. Get $50 in Pick six credits only on DraftKings Pick six. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction void. Were prohibited. One per new customer non withdrawal Pick six credits expire in six months. Limited time offer. See terms at Pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy, a Pardon, My, Take. Welcome to PardonMyTake in my take presented by DraftKings. Use DraftKings right now. Pick six app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5 on your first Pick six set. Get $50 in Pick, six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, September 25th, and PFT, Jayden, Daniels, Is, Incredible.


I don't want to get ahead of myself here. Get ahead of yourself. I don't wanna to get ahead of myself. Get ahead of yourself. He's so good. He's so good. He's so Good. PTs holding up a championship belt right now. Yes, I am. Now. I'm not gonna get ahead of myself. It's a long season and it's too soon to say anything definitive about him, but what I saw last night made me feel emotions that I have not felt in my cold dead football heart in decades. It was, it was awesome. It was so fun to watch. And it's not just like the throw he had to Terry at the end was one of the craziest throws I've ever seen in the face. Onions, the face getting destroyed in the pocket and threw it on a.to Terry. Dropped it in the bucket. I'm happy for Terry too, most of all, because he's had some, They showed the graphic, I think that was his 11th quarterback.


He's Carter Touch Sean Pass from, yeah, There's been some bad names on that list. Yeah, some real bad names on that list. And it was, it was an incredible moment that, that throw was obviously great, but what really got me excited about Jayden, I heard some people calling it JCO Stadium now. Oh, I think it's Borough Head. It might be called jco. Oh yeah. So we won the LSU off and we'll get to the Bengals in a little bit. I think they'll be fine. I don't, but, but what got me the most excited about Jayden was how he handled like third downs, fourth downs. Yeah. He was cool. He was directing guys around. He was calm in the pocket. Finding guys downfield on second downs, picking up like six, seven yards to make third down easier. Like I, I have, I think that's the best game I've ever seen a quarterback play for my team.


He Played a perfect game. It was a perfect game. Like every big play that you needed at whe, whether it be run or pass because he mixed in runs. Yeah. But it wasn't like, oh, he's just running. It was just timely. Perfect runs and then big time passes and yeah, it was, it was incredible game to watch. Like he was out of this world Good And eyes downfield. Yeah. While he's scrambling to the side. So you can't co the linebackers can't come up too far and commit. So he, he's gonna take those yards when they're there with his feet or he is gonna find somebody downfield. It was, it was so fun being at that game. I was screaming my head off The Bengals fans, by the way, city of Cincinnati. Awesome people. Yeah. Love the Bengals fans. They were bummed out obviously because their team didn't look great on defense.


But there were no punts. No turnovers. Yep. It was the first time that's happened since when? Like, I don't know, last week. No, no punts and no turnovers in the same game. Oh. Oh. Both Sides. For both sides. The commanders did it last week, I Wanna say like 40 years, 50 years, something like that. It's been, yeah. And then the commanders did that. I don't think the commanders have ever done that. Yeah. Like two games in a row with no punts and no turnovers is just insane. So it feels like I'm watching different sport now. I have to get better as a fan because I'm not used. I'm not used to winning. Yeah. I'm not. So I gotta figure out how to win Top of the NF Cs right Now. How to win with class. That's very good point. Big Cat. Yep. I didn't even pack a second Washington shirt to wear on the plane ride home The next Day. Oh yeah. Which is a rookie move.


And I know Chiefs fans are really good at this. When they go, when they travel for a game, you gotta pack a victory shirt to wear through your opponent's airport the next day. I didn't even have a, I didn't have a victory shirt. I think you gotta, I mean it's, there's levels to it. We gotta you gotta start with your victory shirt. Yeah. I think you also have to figure out the victory cozy, because like Yeah. That, that, that's one, you know, pre-gaming at a bar you gotta put on, you know, you get the, you get the beer throw on the, the chiefs cozy. Yeah. There's all kinds of accoutrements that you need. I'm not used to this. He's making all this better. Yeah. I'm, I'm building a winning culture for myself as a fan right now. It, it was so much fun to watch. It was. He was out like every pass was perfect. And you know what the best part was is just the feeling last night and then this morning waking up and watching every single highlight compilation.


Yeah. I was watching, I was downloading all these YouTube videos for the plane ride home. Even the like foreign ones that are spoken in the robotic British voice where they don't really have the rights to it. And, it's like still pictures. Yeah. And it's just narrating what happened during those still pictures. I was watching those, I was reading every article about Jayden. I was overdosing on Jayden Daniels. I OD'ed on jd. You Should. He was so good. It completely overshadowed the fact that Trevor Lawrence might stink. That's very true. That's how good Jayden Daniels was. Yeah. He might stink. Yeah. And I think Shad Khan said before the season, this is the best team that the Jaguars have ever assembled. Yeah. So to me that does not sound good for Doug Peterson. But sticking on your game. Yeah.


Jay was out, out of this world. Good. So good. Cliff Kingsbury called a perfect game. I do think the Bengals are in trouble. Their defense is not good at all. Their, Their defense, their, I I think they have some injuries. 'cause I was, they do, I was reading Bengals fans getting upset. They, Trey Hendrickson obviously was playing, but I think they're like, they were on their seventh, eighth and ninth. Yeah. Defensive lineman. But here's why the Bengals I think are in trouble. One, their defense feels like it's a very big problem. That is gonna be hard to fix. Also, only six of the 225 teams that started oh and three in the Super Bowl era have made the playoffs. One of them famously was my pinky team in 2018.


The Houston Texans, Texas. Yeah. So 2.4% chance of the Bengals statistically making the playoffs. Does it help? There's an extra game. Does that matter? It Might. It might matter. I also think Statistics major there. Hank. I I'm gonna look this up. Yeah, that's very insightful actually. I didn't mean to actually, I'm just gonna say that was very insightful, Hank. Yeah. But if you look at their schedule, I'm gonna do a Pete Prisco on you. It's, it's all about the schedule. It's not easy. I They have an easy schedule. Oh, they do? Yeah. The Panthers right. Ah, the Panthers easy. Andy Dalton Revenge game. Andy Dalton Revenge game. Ravens. That's a tough Place to play in Carolina now. It is. It is. They got the brown bags off their heads Keep pounding. I did see that Dave Canales tweeted out Keep and then went dot, dot dot.


Yeah. I don't think he's allowed to say Keep pounding. It's part of his covenant. Then they got the Giants, the Browns, the birds, Raiders, Ravens again Chargers. I don't the, so I think they have one of the easier schedules in the NFL. But The problem is when you start Oing three and you have to get the 10 wins, you, you can't have another Fluke bad game. You can't have a, a another, you know, unfortunate Chiefs ending of the game. Like you can't, the margin for error now is so thin for the Bengals. But this is also what the Bengals do. It's true. I this is culture. The only reason I think It's different. They did kinda get robbed on the, the no pass interference again. Yes. Yeah. The, the only Wait again, Or no, sorry. That was the Falcons.


They, the chiefs got The pass interference. Yes. The FALs, they didn't get the pass Interference and the Chiefs didn't get a pass interference. I'm not gonna write off the Bengals because Joe Burrows, Joe Burrow and that offense is elite. I just think it's feels different because I don't know where the fixes are on defense. The only fix I have for the Bengals is Joe Burrow has to change his hair color. You can't be Oing three with those, with that hair. Yeah. And we love Joe. But you, he, I think he deep down knows it. That was a very popular sentiment in the section I was in. Yeah. He was like, get rid of the frosted tips Joe. That's a three. And Oh, you Can't lose, you gotta cut your hair. They showed him going into his coach's office after the game. He didn't go to the locker room. He walked like straight into the coach's office with Zach Taylor and they had a chat about something. He should just walk right into the barbershop.


Yeah. Right afterwards and be like, Nope, can't do it. Take it off. I can't You can't lose with Frosted Tips Or like Diet Jet Black. Yeah, Yeah. Go goth. Yeah. Go like it. It's sad around here. He's in a sad boy era right now. Yeah. It was, God damn, it was a fun game to be at. I mean, It was, it had to have been so much fun. So before the game, I was lucky. I, I had a couple beers with the mayor of Cincinnati. Nice. T Tap Pvo. I don't The Guy who killed Harambe. No, he took over after. He's the one that covered up the death of Har it. Got it. But you met with him before with, With back in the Day. Right? Back in the day. Yeah. I don't know anything about his politics. He's a cool guy. Had a fun time drinking beers with him. And we made a bet, because I love the good mayor's bets where they do like the dorkiest bets ever. Did you get us Roe's Ashes? No, I didn't.


Ah, I should have p ft Actually, I, my, my initial plan was to ask him for all the documents that would great. Surrounding the death and subsequent coverup of Harambe. But the bet was if the, if the Bengals won, he was gonna get my mega jeans. Oh, nice. Because he loves the JCO look, he loves the wide legs. And then if the commanders won, he had to buy me a full case, 24 Skyline Chili cans. Oh, wow. So he was gonna be shipping some Skyline Chili to I never saw that coming. That you were trying to get Skyline Chili. Yeah. So I mean, I kind of got forced into this bet. Yeah. Damn. So I guess you're gonna have to eat some Skyline Chili in a little bit. That's So much Skyline Chili. I have A, I have a hypothetical question and people are trying to drive wedges in between certain people on this podcast based on quarterbacks.


I would like to, I would like to talk about that, but I Have the question of the week. Yeah. Is Hank, do you have a noise for that? Do do. Oh, okay. That was almost, that was so close. That was so close. You just edged us. Yeah. You literally edged us with, with the nerd nugget of the week. Do it again. Do Do Oh, The question of the week. I'll ask Hank. Okay. Hank. I wanna be respectful of everybody on this podcast. Always. But right now, if you're starting a franchise and take all, everything like age contracts, all that stuff into account coaches. Yeah, no, just, just straight up. The players gonna say Jalen, just the player. Would you rather have Jayden Daniels or j Jalen Herz?


Yeah. Oh yeah. That's what everyone wants to learn right now. Like this question. PFT. Be honest, Be honest. Contracts matter. Max, don't interrupt the question of the week, week ever again. Yeah. Well, I mean, don't fucking do that. You knew what that was doing. You knew didn't, Didn't. I didn't, I didn't realize. 'cause everyone wants to know the real question. And you guys talk about the real Max. I talk about the real Question Max. Max. You don't wanna talk about the real, You're like the fucking Kool-Aid man in the booth. You're Rooting. That's what means just said to me, you're Ruining The question of the week Max Phillies and these chain. They Answer Phillies. Hey, Who would you rather have? Wait, can we have that? Can we have that as a graphic? And would you rather have Jayden Daniels or Jalen Hertz answer Phillies? Who Would you rather have? Jayden Daniels or, or Jalen Hertz. If It's contracts than Jayden Daniels. But just purely 'cause of the contract.


What about No contracts, No contract. Ja Jalen Hertz. More experience. Okay. More experience. Yeah. Okay. That's A fair point. More winning Experience. Max, would you like to ask the real question? What do you say to the haters? What do you say to the haters? Big. Cat. I say that I, Let's say that the Bears have done it again. Yeah. I say I'm in a fucking no win situation because if I respond to them, they're gonna say that I'm just like trying to cope. And when in reality, PFT and I have known each other for a very long time. We've been doing this show for a very long time. I consider him one of the closest people in my entire life. He was at that game. His quarterback history is just as bad as the Bears quarterback history. He watched Jayden Daniels perform like that.


I felt nothing but happiness for him Now. Nothing. Yes. Here, I'm, I'm. Can you let me finish Henry? Sorry. Now this is partially because I am completely undeterred with Caleb Williams. If I were deterred at all, I would probably have a different feeling. I am undeterred. I think Caleb Williams is great. I think he's going to be great. I know people wanna fucking nitpick and say LOL Bears week three, you know, three weeks of the season, he's a bust. That's fine. They could do that. Me, when I go ba when I put my head on my pillow at night, I'm like, Caleb Williams is fucking awesome. Why can't we both have awesome quarterbacks? The only part of PF T's situation right now that I am jealous of and I'll be fully transparent for is Cliff Kingsbury can call hell of a game as an offensive coordinator.


And I got a fucking dumb dumb poopy, poopy brain in Shane Waldron. That one, like the re the Commanders with out Dan Snyder seem like they're running an organization correctly. The Bears still have their head up their ass. So it's not that I think Kle Williams is, I I I feel that Kle Williams is gonna be great. I still think the Bears are a big problem. I I agree with that. I think they're both gonna be great. I think they're both really good people. Can't I, James Daniels is So good though. If I say it, people are like, oh, you're just coping. But this is my true sentiment, so I don't know what else I'm supposed to say. Yeah. So they want me to be mad about something I'm not mad about. Well, Here's, here's the issue. If you get down to the, the offensive coordinator situation, cliff Kingsbury, he was Caleb Williams offensive coordinator last year at USC.


He obviously knows what he is doing with talented quarterbacks. Your offensive coordinator now was hired because he was the guy that would take a job in essentially a lame duck Matt Ebra flus era. Yes. Yes. so if you had started over again and fired Matt Ebra flues this off season. Correct. Then you would have a good offensive coordinator, man. And our We could, we would. That's, you could, That's a leap. You would, you could potentially have a good offensive head coach. Yeah. Our offense potentially. Yes. But the fact, hypothetically, The fact that They didn't fire Matt meant that Ebra flus had to go out there and make phone calls, be like, Hey, I really need you to help me turn this thing around. Or else we're all gonna be fired next year. Yeah. Yeah. So could you like, maybe move to Chicago, don't, don't buy, but, but rent a house And then have a clip where they announced it live at Super Bowl, press row and Jackson Smith and Jig Boat, who is live was like, oh, they hired Him.


Yeah. Good luck with that. Yeah. His former wide receiver. So, yeah. I, but Listen, I, I stand with Big Cat despite what Big Cat may have thought a couple weeks ago. I am rooting very hard for Caleb Williams. No, I believe you. I I want Caleb, I I bet on Caleb Williams big time last week. I've seen, I know you have the, The throws and the plays he can make, he's going to be a very good player back. I mean, he just had the most passing guards for our bears quarterbacks since Brian Hoyer in 2016. I, I don't know what I mean. The Hanks of the world, the, the trolls of the world. They're literally gonna not, if I say this, they're gonna be like, there's no way. This is how he's feeling. I don't know what else to say. I was very happy for PFT. He deserves happiness. That was awesome to watch. Can I just, I I literally would, I just want, I just wanna talk about how good he is.


Again, I would, I would pti I was, I would tweet Jayden Daniels Is Incredible or Jayden Daniels. What a throw. And just all my replies like, you're so salty. Yeah. I was like, what? How can I, what do I need to do? How do how do I correct it? I don't know. Just say, he's so good. He is so Good. There we go. He's so good. Everybody. But you know, the thing is, Everybody knows in my power rankings, that's how good he's today. He was Jayden, Daniels, Is Incredible Washington Commanders next To him. I'm gonna be, you know what I, okay. So also having like a tiny bit of success. And I fully realize this is one game I'm Not, and I'm not gonna overreact and I'm not gonna get ahead of myself, but now I can. I know I can't wait for, I don't like that looking. His tongue is out. The tongue came out, His tongue Is out. Like, Steph, put your fucking tongue back in your mouth. He's like Steph Curry when he is about to put up a three from the moon, Hank's got a, a troll thought that he would like to ruin the podcast with M J's tongue and Hank's tongue, two most famous tongues.


Not a Troll thought. Just a thought. 'cause you said, you know, it's been a long time. Maybe Steven Chase a long years, whatever. You did have a, an an, an electric run with a quarterback Till Hake Not too long ago. Patrick. RG three. RG three versus the Vikings Prime Time Game Electric. Oh, This is mean. I'm, I'm just asking, I'm just saying like, oh, it's Not listen, go back into, Is that not, is it not that was a similar hater Hank situation. Hater Hank. But whatcha talking about that was two qb Unbelievable game, great performance. What do you do? You have the future Unbelievable game. It is an unbelievable season from Rg. Yeah. It's very good that season. Right. But Okay, Hank two things can be True. You said that you haven't fell this in a long time, but did you not feel the same way with RG three?


That's over a decade ago. Okay. That's 12 years ago, Hank. But did you not do the same way things? Listen, two things can be true. One Hank piece of shit troll. And two, he, I mean, that's just a fair, fair thought. You won't even let me. He said Multiple decades. But that Yeah, he did. No, he definitely did. You won't let me even say 0.2. That's, that's how big a Troy, you're being my 0.2 is social Hank is actually correct. Yes. That like it is, there's a lot of similarities between Jaden Daniels and RG three. They're both electric athletes. Jaden is already more developed as a pocket passer than RG three was. Facts. His deep balls. Incredible. Learn Ball Hank. Yeah. Learn Ball, please. Oh, and by the way, Taylor Britt, the cornerback on the Bengals, he is the Yeah.


Who's the, the LeBron stopper? Dylan Brooks. Yeah. He's Lance Lance Stevenson. He's like the Dylan Brooks of Lance Stevens of the NFL. Like he loves talking shit before games. It's crazy. And so he said he Was right about Xavier Worthy. He was. But he also didn't have a great game Correct. Against the Chiefs. I think he gave up a big touch on that game. Yeah. But he was talking shit about the offenses. He did have that Crazy interception. We should, that the interception was insane. Bengals fans are gonna get mad that we didn't say that. Yes. But he's also addicted to talking shit. Correct. He's so, he talks shit about the, the college style offense. Yeah. Simple offense. And then he, he got cooked, so Oh, back to Hank. Yeah. The troll rrg. Yes. There's a, there's a ton of similarities. Like, there are a lot of similarities between the situation I'm in right now and where I was in 2012.


Mentally. The difference is, I think that Jayden is built to last in the NFL as long as we don't fuck him up with a weird, creepy injury. I think what I saw from last night, that tells me I got, I got 12 years of happiness. PI think the organization helps. No. Dan Snyder. Yeah. No dander. That's the answer. No. Dan Snyder. Yeah. No. Dan Cider. I just was, I was just trying to clarify what you're Okay. Multiple. Thanks for asking for Clarification. I, I know we're grass guys, but I'm thinking just like, please maybe just bulldoze the thing and put in some really good turf. Turf. Like keep him healthy, split grass, whatever. We, we can't figure out how to keep a grass field healthy for people. Yeah. I also don't appreciate Max's little grin. Like he knows that I'm, Hey Max, I'm getting too happy. No Commanders are No, no.


Commanders are top of the NFC East buddy. Yes they are. Yes they are. And I Wave up at him. No, I wish Jayden Daniels was not in the, was not in the NFC East. I'm willing to say that. He looked, he looks good. He looks very good. He looks, I I I wish he wasn't in the N nfcs. Not only, And that, That is the biggest compliment I can give. Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate that. And what I, what I feel a little bit is like, maybe, maybe one day Eagles fans will hate the Commanders again. Maybe one day Cowboys will hate the Commanders again. I Was thinking that I was, it was TV two. It was Monday. You know what, Monday, Monday night football, You had Jaguar's bills on TV one. It was a blowout. Oh, you were watching, you were watching Love, actually. Yep. No, yeah, I Was watching You were doing smooch Face on to Love actually.


Nope. Nope. Oh, what Were you watching? Watching movies. The only answer you could say right now is Monday Night Raw. No, you weren't watching Monday Night. Raw, raw. Never Watched Monday Night Raw. My, Were you watching like Southern House or Whatever? I was watching a movie. I was watching Twisters. It was a fine movie. Okay. It was Pretty sick. You Didn't see it in Theaters. But I was watching it on my laptop and Oh, That's, that's TV Two. Oh, that's TV two. Yeah. I Don't have, I don't have two TVs. Oh, what's TV three? Your phone? TV three would be phone. Yeah. Correct. I, well, actually, to be honest, it was Phillie's and then the Phillies started to put it away. Then it was I love it. I love you're overlooking us. I love it. But no, no. Is Jill hurts? I'm not overlooking. It is. Jill hurts the third best quarterbacks in the NC now. Well, for Dylan, the, the question Hank doesn't think so.


Like, which quarterback would you take given the salary? Age, all that? Yes. I would take Jay Daniels. Thank you. Thank you, max. Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. Rookie. Any rookie? Rookie. Rookie. On A rookie quarterback. Yeah. On a rookie Contract. But yeah, he's, I mean, I, I don't know. It's one game. But he's the best quarterback in that division. Maybe even in the entire league. It's one game. I'm not gonna get ahead of myself. How many, many Game? He's Right about the one game. How many touchdowns did he score against the Giants? He's right. About the one game. How many Drives, how many touchdowns did, did score against the Giants? How many, how many punts did he have against the Giants? That's a real question. We should be asking ourselves. Two games in a row. No punts, no interception either. Yeah. No, he looks very, very good. And I do think he's going to be a very, very good quarterback. I'm Also excited He scored zero Touchdowns Against The Giants. Okay. Well that was a long time ago. That was last weeks, weeks ago. That was weeks ago.


Weeks ago. Decades ago. Yeah. Just as decades. No, I, Jayden Daniels is, is looks incredible. I'm excited to, I'm excited to also get mad at, at hypothetical quarterback lists now too. What Did you say earlier, before Hank interrupted you? You said that, you said that you were very excited about something. Yeah, I'm excited about getting, getting life angry. Yeah. Life. Everything. I'm excited about getting angry at people that I think are slightly disrespecting my quarterback. Okay. Like becoming full stand. What, what is Your schedule looking like? What's your projection now? After, after last night? Well, Soupy, I, no, no. Not think soupy yfs. I, I did fire off a tweet at like 3:00 AM as I was, I got back from the casino, had a, a couple cocktails.


CJ Abram style. And I, I said that I, I think he's gonna win a Super Bowl in the next five years. Whoa. And I think he is. I like it. Maybe even two, but yfs this year, love that. We're thinking the offs. YFS is realistic. And I do think that the Bengals can make the YFS given their schedule. I think they'll, Lou Amao is ju how do you say his Name? Yeah, you got it. Anna Ruo. He's so good. He's gonna figure Coach A, he's Gonna figure something out. I don't know if they have the dudes. They lost some guys on on Defense. Yeah. And then Trent Brown going down was was bad. Too Bad. Best tattoo ever. Yeah. Two girls sucking him off on his arm. Yeah. We should talk about the other game real quick. Josh Allen is incredible.


I know people will go, he's the leading, he's the leader for the MVP right now. He basically, he beat the Jaguars in 30 minutes. Trevor Lawrence helped to beat the Jaguars. He looked bad. Yeah. Commanders had a perfect game. Josh Allen had a perfect Half. Yeah. And the Game was over. It was over. It was over. I mean, DeMar Hamlin picked off. Trevor Lawrence And, it was over. But Josh Allen was, he was toying with him. That wasn't, it's so, I'm very happy for Bill's fans that like the angst of having to reset the roster and everything. You, you have Josh Allen and, and Josh Allen is what a franchise quarterback looks like. And we've said it a million times. Just because he's not Patrick Mahomes doesn't mean he's the second, he is the second best quarterback in the NFL.


And this is how, this is why you see it And, It, it probably is addition by subtraction, losing digs. Oh, definitely. And Gabe Davis, who you never knew if he was gonna like actually be alive. Yeah. Week to week basis. Yeah. Keon Coleman. Yeah. Got a Touchdown. Keon Coleman. It's, it feels like this. Josh is like star. He's turned a brand new page clean slate for this team. So he doesn't have any of that excess baggage that he used to have. Yeah. And so now he's just going out there. He is like, I have to win these football games. And also Cook is looking really good at running back though. Cook Looks awesome. Keir looks awesome. They, and as, as the game, the games get further into the season gets colder, they're gonna lean on that running game. Yeah. And Joe Brady loves to lean on the running game when it works, they're not gonna abandon it. I, I think that the bills are, are for real.


Yeah. It looks awesome. It Was Brady at like a five touchdowns to five different players as a, as a sign of a great team. Yeah. And a great Quarterback and yeah. Just Josh Allen just seeing the game better than anyone. Right now. He is the leader for the MVPI think odds wise, I mean, he's playing better than Mahomes through three games. Trevor Lawrence might suck. Hmm. Now I haven't thought Trevor Lawrence sucked because I'm like, it's the Jaguars. And also he was really good at Clemson and like that guy's somewhere when he did the spin to Nowhere. Yeah. That was the first time where I was like, oh no. Or the pick to tomorrow. I mean, the pick was tomorrow to DeMar, but the spin to nowhere picked Up by a dead guy, Like pick bad picks happened.


That was a really bad pick. But the spin of Nowhere made me, that was a Sam Donald seeing Ghost moment where he's literally just, it was, he spun with to nowhere. It just made it worse for him. Yeah. He's, and so I, I feel like he's, He just spun into his own guy. Yeah. It was, I don't know. I feel bad for chaps. This is a ugly situation. And then, I mean they, we did get to see Mac Jones first play Fumble, which was very funny. It's perfect Guy just punched it out of his hand. I don't know where to go if you're the Jaguars. Yeah. It seems like London. Yeah. Yeah. Go to London. You're right. When, when the, when the owner says before the, the season starts that this is the most talented team he's ever assembled, then that means that it's on the head coach.


Yeah. That means that Doug Peterson is not Long From this world. Might not be bring Urban back. I don't know. I just, it it was also one of those games you've seen a lot of Nothing looked, would look Weirder Than Bill Belichick Fit ever. I just wanna Say in a, a Jaguars outfit on the sideline. Well, we can talk. I mean the, the, what he's doing with the Cowboys is so funny. Have you seen that? No. He's been, he does McAfee every week and he just, he like is over complimentary about how well the, the team is built. And like they have all the players and all the tools. It's just like, that's Amazing. They need something to, you know Yeah. Figure it all out. But he's just openly, you know, essentially applying for the job.


Being like the roster is really constructed great. Like they have all the tools. He's got a little bit of Hank Lockwood in. He's got some of that troll going like when he was talking about the Falcons on, on the Manning cast. Yep. And saying, yeah, he's one of those guys that they got in trouble for 'cause they tampered with him that he's just going scorched Earth Thumb. I got a text from Chaps. I just read it right now. 'cause I think he sent it during the game and I was drunk and preoccupied. He Was in hell. He said, oh yeah, same thing. I kind of cool that Trevor Lawrence is the first guy picked off by a former corpse. Oh. So yeah. DeMars back. Yeah. DeMar is back happy for DeMar first interception. Very Happy for DeMar. I love the double artist clone. I love the double Monday night header. Monday Night Football.


Doubleheader Monday Night Football. I know we had the discussion, but that was exactly why, because the Bill's Jags game was over in 10 minutes and the Commander's Bengals game was awesome. If we had just Bill's Jags, that would've been a really disappointing Monday night. Yeah. Something I'm gonna, we had a Backup plan. I, I like having the standalone because it's good to just, especially after watching all your screens all day on Sunday, it's good to have one game that we can all focus on together. But if there's a blowout, it's good to have the backup plan. And, and this was a great backup plan. And We have it again next Week. Oh, who do we got? I believe Lion Seahawks. Yeah. Alliance Seahawks should be great. And then I think it's like Dolphins, which is actually, it's good because the, i if they could ever do like flex scheduling to schedule it this way, it would work where you're like, this is the game.


That's gonna be a bummer. And this is the game That should be great. Titans, dolphins bummer. But then Seahawks Lions to save the day. That will, that will be great. Yep. So it's like you just ba basically start your Monday night football a little bit early and Yeah, you get to, you get the Lion Seahawks, which is gonna be awesome. Yeah. It's gonna be a very fun game. Okay. Should we talk a little college football before we do Hot? Seat. Cool. Terone. And then get to our interview. Let's talk, I don't know where we wanna start. We could start, actually, you know what, let's start with Tennessee. Tennessee goes down to Oklahoma, throttles Oklahoma. It's very weird watching Oklahoma play football without a good offense. But that's not taking anything away from Tennessee's defense because it feels like Tennessee finally has a defense.


Yeah. And. it also feels like their, the backup quarterback that they put in is probably gonna be the starter for Oklahoma. Yes. He looked a lot better. What's his name? Fuck. He was, he was shifty. He was, he was twice as good as the starter. So I think Oklahoma will improve based on that. But yeah, Tennessee is for real. And Oklahoma officially on the Michael Hawkins. Jackson Arnold was the one who got benched. So Oklahoma, they're supposed to be SEC now. Yeah. They ain't SEC Not yet. No. It's weird. It is very strange. But I mean, we, it's all strange. I watched on Friday night, I watched a vaunted, a CC matchup of Stanford versus Syracuse. That's so crazy. Isn't it? So crazy. So Tennessee is for real. They have a, some big time games coming up.


I'm excited because it does feel like Tennessee under the hypo era, who I pull seems like a, a pretty good dude. He, he had a video where it was, it was nice. It was touching. 'cause he obviously went to Oklahoma. Venables was his coach. All these things got fired from there. He had a video. Where he is is like, it meant, I know you guys brought a little extra juice for me. The social media guy was doing a memes angle. 'cause he was just standing underneath hypo's, Double chins the chin. So I've thought this about hypo for a little bit. He, he desperately needs a beard. He Needs, dude, I don't know if he a beard could save it. It's, the problem is he was full beard problem was a really good quarterback and was very skinny then. Yeah. He was very athletic.


Yeah. And now great coach. Yeah, great coach. And his offenses are fun. If you're a Tennessee fan, you're probably, he's the exact perfect coach that you would want. I think because he's such a college head coach. Yes. He's such a col he runs such a college offense that you're not gonna be in danger of him leaving for the NFLI don't think. Yeah. Because that's not, it's not gonna translate I level, I guess it just depends on money. Money prob. But I'm saying like, if you're a, there are a lot of dumb owners that would probably make that gamble. But he's an awesome, awesome head coach and I think that what he's put in is pretty repeatable. Yeah. Yeah. I'd agree. Okay. Obviously Nico is a game changer. Nico's awesome. Nico's awesome. I, I'm, I'm buying Tennessee stock.


Also the clip, if you're a Tennessee fan, you're just, you know, Tennessee pouring the Peyton Manning coming out with Morgan Wall. Yes. In a full Tennessee jersey with the pants and helmet was, I'm not a Tennessee fan or Peyton Manning fan really? But that clip was hilarious. Yeah. What was, what was Morgan wearing? Probably just, I don't know. He just wear, I think he just wears a jersey. Yeah. Every Time. The Harrison Bucker jersey every time. Yeah. He wears a jersey every single time. Speaking of, speaking of coaches, Josh Heel, we have two coach things I wanted to talk about. One was your JMU almost got Mack Brown resigned, but he didn't, which is one of the funniest cl like things. So JMU put 70 on UNC Hung 70 on Him.


70. They got paid to put Hung Hank 70 on him. A First half 50 burger. Yeah. And they lost so bad that Mack Brown after the game told his team in the locker room that he was retiring and everyone believed it. And then after the game, there was someone from inside the UNC, you know, program, said he's not retiring, he'll be in the office tomorrow and getting back to work. That source said Saturday night, going in and having a normal Sunday, Sometimes you just gotta say things. He just says it. Sometimes you just gotta say it. And then you have almost a post nut clarity afterwards and you're like, oh, that was stupid. I shouldn't quit. Yeah. He's driving home. He is like, I really like getting paid. Yeah. I like being the head coach.


He said afterwards, he said he was disappointing in disappointed in himself in his reaction by saying that he was gonna resign. Which I'm all for. I think it's a hilarious reaction. I think that's like, if you get beat by that bad, just being like, you know what guys, I'm, I'm done. Especially When you're old. Yeah, Yeah. When you're old. Because it's like, you guys are gonna kill me, so I'm quitting. I think in a weird way, he definitely wasn't doing this on purpose, but it's kind of like the, the Phil Jackson move of you've got a, a bad team and now the entire story is about Mack Brown and it's not about his players. He also said, he clarified afterwards that he didn't fully resign. He said, if you all don't feel like I'm the leader you need, then I'll go do something else.


And then everyone was like, no, we still want you to coach. So he rallied the troops after a 70 point loss. Yeah. He, he Quit and then the team elected him coach again. Correct. Which Tells you named him Coach Tells you he hasn't lost the locker room yet. Is he the interim coach now? I think he's the interim coach. Mack Brown. Yeah. Taking over for Mack Brown And then, and then the team will decide whether or not to promote him full time. But yeah, that was an ass kicking. I think JM u's really good. Yeah. I think they're going to be, I thought this was gonna be a down year. I think they're gonna be right there competing for the Sunbelt. Yeah. They looks really, really good. I just, I love, I mean, beating a team that bad to have your, have a coach resign. Fake resign. Yeah. That's gotta feel awesome. It's pretty good. And their offensive coordinator at JMU is awesome, isn't he? Hank Dean Kennedy situ, situate kid.


I've known him forever. He is like two years older than me. He is my sister's age. That's scary. That Was that when Hank Watching Game Hank someone who's an offensive coordinator, like he's running your team's offense and he knows Henry Lockwood. Yeah. He's a stud. I mean that was absolute stud. He the it's the Holy Cross effect. I was doing some research afters. I was like Dean Kennedy offensive coordinator J Mu. But it's, he went with the Holy Cross coach who was there, Pop Chesney. And now he is at JMU killing it. Yeah. I mean, people are saying he might be looking at some NFL offers. Who The other, Who's saying that? Me? Just right now? Yeah. The other, your people. So the other coach story was Hugh Freeze being a absolute idiot yet again. He had a double whammy. He had a ex-player, Bo Wallace come out and just say he's the most selfish guy ever.


It's always the quarterback's fault. It's never his fault. And then he said on Monday, I love Sam Pitman and I hope he wins the rest of his games. But I'm telling you, the hard truth is we play Arkansas nine more times. We beat them nine times. Yeah. And that's what's hard to take. That's Loser talk. They lost 24 to 14 in his quarterbacks through four interceptions, including Hank Brown. Sorry, Hank. Yeah. And he was, he was the next up Hank. Yeah. Hugh Freeze. I feel like the the ropes running a little thin. Yeah. I think they're, I think they're getting a little sick old Hugh Freeze down there in Auburn. Well, I think also Hugh Freeze, not that any of these guys are good losers, but Hugh Freeze has won a lot everywhere he is been and getting used to losing is he's not gonna deal with it.


Well No, I mean he won from a hospital bed. Yeah. Yeah. So that was, that was a, a funny, Auburn feels like they're in a tough, tough spot. Basically they just ha need to lose by two to Alabama and the Iron Bowl be like, all right, we're building Something. It'd be an ultimate football guy move. If instead of like inspiring your team from, from coaching from a hospital bed, you actually dig your own grave. Yeah. And put up a headstone and then you lower, you're in a casket with an iPad and you're coach, you guys have killed me. I like that. I like that. Go out to save my life. Boys. We should probably talk about the big Michigan win, which was old school smash mouth football. That didn't work for the entire second half. So Michigan beat USC, it looked so Michigan's starting Alex Orgy who can't throw.


And they were like, we're just gonna run the ball. USC made, they were down early, made some good adjustments at halftime going up to the final three minutes. Michigan had nine yards and zero first downs in the second half. And then Khalil Mullings had a 63 yard run and Michigan survived. And now, like, I know it's obviously a cliche, but it is very funny that uscs first game in the Big 10 and you could basically say, well they just punched you in the mouth and played bully ball. Yeah. And they, those soft California boys couldn't handle it. Yeah. They couldn't handle the fullback at the end. That was a good block by The fullback. Holy shit. Max Bredesen. Yeah. He gave him the old, the old chicken wing and, and post 'em up almost. Yep.


Yeah, they can Michigan, you can spin this very easily and be like, yeah, we beat you playing old school Michigan football. But it probably, you probably got a little bit lucky at the end too. Yeah. Yeah. Because that, that was a play where they just couldn't do anything and then they broke a couple tackles. But you know what, you know what you say if you're, if you're a Michigan fan to a, a response to what you just said, we leaned on them. I leaned on 'em. You leaned on 'em till they break. They got tired. You keep running the ball until they break. It was California vegan legs didn't have the fast twitch. So Alex Orgy was seven for 12 for 32 yards after being named the starter. Yeah. So, but that might be the formula for Michigan. Just like, maybe even don't let him pass the ball. I think what's the point of having 32 yards passing?


Just have zero yards. I, they were gonna, I felt like they were gonna maybe put in Davis Warren again who had thrown three picks against Arkansas State last week and they were still like, nah, we'll go with Alex Orgy Here. Did you hear about, did you hear this one? Did you hear about this? No. You seen this? You read about this? No. Tell me, tell me, tell Me. They call him orgy because when he's on the field, you gotta put eight dudes in the box. Ooh, nice. That's a lot of dudes in the box. That's A lot of dudes. It's an orgy. Yeah, That is. Well that's not, that's a gang bang. That's a good point. Yeah. That's not an orgy. That's a good point. That's definitely not an orgy. Okay. Yeah. You Got, you gotta Clean that up. Yeah, I'll clean it up. Yeah. We'll, we'll we're still workshopping That one. Alright, last story I had, I don't know what else you had PFT, but Travis Hunter should be the Heisman.


Thank You. Thank you. I, and maybe it's because I bet on him pre-season, but Travis Hunter should be the Heisman. Thank you. That was the other thing I wanted to talk about tra I said that on Twitter during the game and then everybody was like, well he is the front rotor for the Heisman. No he's not. No, he's not even close to being the frontrunner for the Heisman. But if you look at what the Heisman trophy is supposed to be, yes, he is the best football player in college Football. The best football player in college football. Maybe the best football. If you said best football player alive right now, Jayden, you could maybe Say that Jayden, I think Jayden's got him Travis Hunter and, and I think he gets a little knock on it because people have Dion fatigue and all that stuff. If you actually voted for Heisman how it should be voted best player, not how every award now gets voted on, which is essentially best teams quarterback, which happens the NFL and in college football, which sucks.


Travis Hunter should be your Heisman Trophy winner because he is the best football player in college football. He's averaging 131 snaps per game. 131 snaps per game. He ranks fourth amongst all receivers with 37 catches and six with 472 yards. And he's also on defense has allowed 11 receptions for 75 yards in 142 coverage reps. It's crazy how good he is and that he's Show hey for Football. And what he did at the end of the game was insane. He forced the fumble at the goal line, won them the game. PFT He did, he forced the fumble at the goal line to win him game. But he also had seven catches for 130 yards. Yeah. And on the force fumble, that was his 140 fourth snap of the night.


It's Crazy. Now you, you could say, is this sustainable? Will he be able to play this many snaps? I I think it might be. Hey, because the is there, I know he got hurt last year, but it, it's fucking insane that a dude is, he is one of the best wide receivers in college football and the best cornerback in college football. How is he not the Heisman? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. He is the Heisman, he should be the Heisman winner. But the haters out there, like Brandon Walker would say it's not sustainable. I think Brandon Walker doesn't know college football. That's, That's Dion fatigue. That's why he's not our college football expert. Yes. On this show. That's true. But yeah, Travis Hunter is the best player in college football and but he, he did, Brandon did walk me through a mental exercise and I think he's right, which is, just close your eyes and think about an undefeated SEC team.


How is the quarterback of that team not going to win the Heisman Trophy? I mean if it's Jalen Monroe Jackson Dart, he Probably win it. Or if it's what if, what if it's Quinn yours and he missed a few games? That's a good point. That could easily happen. Do you think if, if Texas runs the table it could be arch? No, I don't think you can lose your job. I think the Mannings even came out and said it, which of course they did. Yeah. They're like, we believe in the process. We don't, we believe you can't lose your job to an injury. Very classy. Very classy of them. Yeah, very classy. I think. I think that they're gonna bring viewers back unless Arch lights up a real SEC defense. Yeah. Because if if, if yours is out long enough and I'm not talking about Mississippi State, I mean a real SEC defense.


Correct. If Arch Manning lights them up, then I, I could see Sark saying we can't really go back right now. They could also do like a Jalen Hurts too a thing. Well Arch does have, I mean he does open up the game because his legs. That's What I'm saying. But they might have the option where it's like if things are going south, throw arch in, turn it around. He did have one bad, he had a bad interception to start the game maybe. 'cause I bet over 13 and a half points the first quarter. And I was watching intently, but then he came back and was awesome. But also, so back to Colorado real quick. They just played the craziest games all the time. The Hail Mary. I've never seen anything like it. Dave Miranda. I mean he's already, he was gonna be fired probably if he won this game.


If he, you know, it doesn't really matter. He's, he's running out at Baylor. How is, how do you have back to back Hail Marys that both one was completed. The other should have been completed. Yeah. Where it's, you have one guy on a Receiver. Yeah, it was, it was bizarre. But that's what Colorado does. They play in these crazy, crazy endings and it's so much fun. And it, it's so much fun to watch. And then you have the Dion Factor, which is if you love them or if you hate 'em, it's gonna be very interesting. Yes. It does feel like the Netflix reboot of Tibo Mania. Yeah. Like they just win. Yeah. They just somehow against, yeah. Sometimes some bad teams. I think the winning might Winning's gonna come to an end turn This weekend. 'cause it feels like, I think they're going to UCF and they're pretty good this year.


And then they have some big 12, oh, shout out by the way, Utah back to their old tricks Cam rising. I can't, I can't quit 'em. They Cam Rising was, they wouldn't tell us if he was gonna play or not. And then he played one step. That's just what they do. Kyle Whitingham loves, he's addicted to, to injury port being vague with Camera Rising specifically. Keep him guessing. Yeah. We got some good games coming up this week too. Oh yeah. Georgia Bama. Georgia Bama. I like Bama. I haven't decided yet. I don't think Georgia's Pass does, does Georgia have the horses? Big Cat specifically on offense? I, yeah, I pass. Okay. I passed. I'm passing.


Hey, I'll give you an answer on Friday. You watch A lot of college football. Georgia. You taking Georgia? Yeah. Do you know where the game's being played? No. Bama. Bama. You're taking Bama, Georgia. Okay. So, okay. What about the shit guy getting off Easy? Oh yeah. Burrito guy. So this is just the new trend I think we touched on on Sunday, but Florida State, Florida came one. Oh yeah, I know Florida State did win. They beat Cal. So the guy who said he was going to, there was the curse of the guy Who was Yeah. Shit. Yeah. That Would've been such a great loss too. Cal was like the, the memes going into the game. They Were saying, oh, Cal Twitter's Awesome. They were gonna turn into Tallahassee and they were, they were making these like AI generated images of, of a bear at the gates of the stadium.


Confiscating people's guns. Yeah, They've, they've Cal Twitter has been so funny 'cause they just leaned into all of the cliches about the University of California, Berkeley. They said they were gonna rename it. Woke Campbell Stadium. Yeah, this is dope. Campbell Stadium, when they beat Auburn a few weeks ago, they said that they renamed it's, it's no longer War Eagle. It's like peace, diversity and inclusion. Eagle. It's so funny. They said that they were gonna turn, it was not gonna be like a checkerboard pattern like, like Tennessee does. But that Florida State was gonna have a a rainbow Yes. In the crowd. Yes. So if you're wearing in, if you're sitting in certain rows, you have to wear a blue shirt. Indigo violet. It was very funny. It was great.


It was great. Great week of college football though. Great week of college football. Yeah. Love college football. Anything else from college football? Travis Hunter should be the Heisman. Everyone should tell, tell two people if everyone tells two people. That's a lot of people we've told. Yeah. Paid forward. Yeah. And again, this has nothing to do with like what we did. Did you bet him? What's his odds right now? No, he should. 20 to one. I just Looked as you were saying. I, I, I will bet him. Bet I will bet him before this episode comes Out. Him bet it. Bet it. He should be. And I mean, We should, we did it last year with you. I know, I, I was gonna Say, we should don't really, We don't really, like, we don't know the power of this podcast. I'm not saying that we got Jayn Daniels a Heisman, but we didn't hurt it.


Yeah. We should make sure it's that, say, Travis Hunter should be the Heisman winner. Yeah. And just every week, just, even if he has a bad game, he's like, well, he played 130 Snaps. Yeah. No one else did that. Okay, let's do Hot Seat. Cool throwing. Then we'll get to our awesome interview with Michael Silver and his new book on the NFL


Hot Seat Quilter on brought to you by Coors Light College football is never short on intrigue, especially when there are iconic rivals. But you can add to the excitement. On Saturdays, Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for the free to play college football. Pick them pools where you pick winners for chance to win big. When the rivalries heat up, it's time to choose chill and then reach for an ice cold Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue. When your beer is cold, Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Coors Light is cold Lager cold filtered cold package. When the college football rivalries you're watching Heat Up, choose Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by gonna coors light.com/take 21 plus eligibility restrictions. Apply void. Wear prohibited C terms at DraftKings dot com slash coors light pick Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado


Hank hot sequel to Hot. Seat is Erling Holland. Oh, soccer. Talking footy. Talking footy. Did you guys see this? No. Man. City Beat Arsenal. Okay. And Erling Holland, they scored and he, which I liked, but people are very upset with him. He took the ball out of the goal and was running back and then, you know, there's a defender basically standing in, in the box facing the other way. And he just threw the ball at the back of his head. An arsenal guy. Ooh, okay. I like That. So, so people are, people Are no easy buckets. Yeah. People are fired up. There was a little scuffle after the game. People are pop that shit. People are calling him a scumbag, but I think it's like, if you're, you know, one of the best players in the world, that's kind of kind what you do.


Yeah. Yeah. It would be an honor to have somebody throw a ball at my head if I was beating the shit out of them. Yeah. No, he, it was the early Holland won and then just kind of threw it at the back of, Oh, Holland. He threw it his head. He threw at the other guy. Insult the injury. Okay. Okay. Classless, As someone Saying, I, I like to move more bad blood in soccer. Yeah. Listen Man, city soccer does have bad blood. Man City, you gotta stand up for yourself. It's a, it's a gritty, scrappy neighborhood in London and the people that live there, Beatles Are from there. Yeah. They probably like having a player like that who will embody the culture of their city. Agreed. I have another one. Yeah. Travis Kel. Oh, this, I think is also Contract. No, I think, and I, I don't really have the hate that I had for the Chiefs when the Patriots were good, but I, so I can, I think it's easier to say that people are getting on Travis Kel hasn't had a good start to the year.


They're saying he was gonna retire if, if he didn't have a podcast. But I think when you're the chiefs and you're, you know, back to back champs and you know who you are, it doesn't matter that much. Like, Yeah, Mahomes has not played great As long as, and, but they're still winning. And as long as Travis Kelsey's healthy in the playoffs, like he's gonna be fine. Correct. They're gonna be fine. Yeah. He'll be okay. But the, I think it's more maybe the swifties them getting involved and being like, why isn't Travis playing well? Is creating a narrative. Oh. And they're showing Shots of him on the sideline looking sad. Oh. So is it, is it Mahomes fault? That's there's, there's a lot of, wow, there's And Wait, no, Hold on. I would like to do a message real quick. Swifty, are you listening to this? Yes, you are. Because you are big time aws.


This usually goes well. So Swifties, let's talk heart to heart. You love me. I love you p and v. We'll just pretend that never happened. Travis Kel is being blackballed by the Kansas City Chiefs. He is. They're basically shutting him out. They're not letting him play. They're not letting him score. They're not letting him be great. And the name and culprit behind all this is one Matthew Nay. Okay. Go find him. Actually, don't do that. That's bad. Matt Nay was the problem Swifties, Or do you think I Went, I went a little too deep there where I was just, they won't, they're, they actually are listening to this right now. My theory, Swifty is that Brittany is telling Patrick not to throw the ball to Travis anymore because he's a liberal.


Oh. But I thought, isn't Brittany, she's back with T Swift. Oh, she's back with t Got It. T Rump. Oh. I Think Tiana, I think, I think Trump told Brittany to tell Patrick to not throw the ball to Travis Kelsey. Got it. Because he's a liberal. Again, though, I don't know if we're clear if Trump hates Taylor Swift or not, He might like her. I mean, Sweet just said, I hate Taylor Swift. That could mean anything In like a 6-year-old teasing way. He might, yeah. He might love her Gum in her hair. Yeah. I like this though. Chicks love that. So the Swifties are mad. I like this.


I I think the, I think the, It's fucked up the Swift, he's literally, they've done one football season. They've won a Super Bowl. Yeah. I'm gonna stop right here. She, But I think the, the, I did see, and it's like, I, I, I think the, he was gonna retire if he didn't have a podcast as a funny Oh, ridiculous narrative. But you Laugh. Yeah. That is funny. Okay. Good job. Oh, cool Throne. My Cool Thrones Celtics. NBA. I saw this quote Celtics had, there was a bunch of quotes. It was Media Day. I was just, You have to say the Jalen Brown Quote, taking it all in, which what the Jalen Brown Pistons won. The Jalen Brown said about the Pistons. This is, we gonna play through Peyton. Let him go for 30. Play through Sam. Let him shoot 10 threes tonight. We gonna still win the game.


That is the most disrespectful thing you could say about another team just being like, yeah, our offenses going through Peyton Pritchard tonight. We're just a stack team. They're a deep team. They did all the, you know, the pictures with the, the Olympics guys. Jason Tatum was more, you know, upfront being like, yeah, it pissed me off that I didn't play. I was mad. He basically said he is like, no one was happier about the Olympics than Joe Missoula. 'cause he kind of knew that, that he was gonna be able to use that as mo motivation. Of course, they asked Missoula if he enjoyed celebrating the summer as a champion. He said, I didn't really enjoy the summer. I enjoyed the parade, which I can agree with. Parade was great. That's the highlight of his summer. Yeah, Me too. Spending time with Hank. But yeah, it's just great. It's great.


You know, when your team's coming off a championship and, and it's, it's gearing back up. You get the, I can't wait for that. I don't really have the excitement of a, of a championship potential team with the, with the Patriots. But it's good that Celtics are back. How was Tatum Zoura? It was great. He's got some new shoes that are releasing that. Awesome. I was gonna ask you about the shoes. Got the MVP get Allstar MVP tattoo. He also, he got a tattoo of himself. Oh. Oh. Like really? The trophy Big time Aura. Steve-O I was gonna ask you about the shoes. The shoes are sick. I'll be getting a pair. Okay. I did not, these shoes suck. Hank. We had a picture pulled up. There's also one that's way more green and Yeah, that one. This Is fire. PFT. No, Hank.


The way I would talk about these shoes is by saying they look like a pair of shoes that I would Correct. Correct. The way you were about to say that Hank was Crazy. Yeah, that's a, that's, that's, that's PPFT comes in with like purple shorts. Them a T-shirt that doesn't match the purple shorts. A brown T-shirt. And those shoes, If they send them to PFT for free, he'll wear them. That's his I would barometer of what he wears. Those are the type of shoes I Exactly, the type of shoes I would wear. Yeah. That's not good. Yeah, They're hot. Good job. Hank. Thanks. PFT. All right. So Hot, Seat, Terron. Great job. I don't know if I can follow that up. Hank had two hot seats. He Was on fire. My, my Hot Seat is Penn State students.


Oh. Because you got called out twice by Burt Bimo, coach of Illinois 4.0, Illinois 4.0. Illinois ranked Illinois. Ranked Illinois. They, they won the tie against Nebraska last week. Burt said that Nebraska's a tougher environment than Penn State, than Happy Valley. And then he doubled down on it by saying that they're going to be doing a whiteout. And he said bringing the white out energy, whatever the hell that means. Oh. So he is fired up. Well, James Franklin said that James Franklin in his post game said that I need the white Out energy. I need the white out. Do you have white out energy? Yeah. But then what is Brett Doing? Yeah. I mean that's, I mean, they're also 17 and a half point dogs.


Yeah. But then he said whatever the hell that means. Well, I mean, that's just what James Franklin said. He was just like, wait, white out. James Franklin said at his post-game press conference, he was like, next week's a big game. I need the fans to come out. I need, I need white out energy. Because I mean that they were gonna cover up their mistakes. That is a Penn State thing. No, you see, in college football, Penn State has this tradition where they do the white out one game a year. Yeah. All the, The whole stadium is, the whole Stadium is white. I'm, I'm well, And it's like a really big thing in college football. I'm well aware of the whiteout Max. We've, we've discussed it on this show. How you guys burn your whiteouts on, on Lame Games Minnesota last year. We Don, that's Fox's fault. Big 10. Fucking Big 10 kickoff is big Noon kickoff is bullshit. Okay, so, but you Have to do the Yeah, I guess he's kicking the hornet's nest.


We'll see what happens. Yeah, no, I, I will, yeah. What You wanna finish that? If Penn State loses, you shove a burrito up your Ass. No. Wanna finish that sentence? If Penn State loses, you have to tear a statue down somewhere. What? No, no. I'm not saying any of this. I'm not, I'm, I'm not. Phil Phillys. Phil. Phil Philly. Phil. That's your answer, Phil Philly. Be worried About that right now. Then my cool throw is just lists in general because of the Diddy stuff coming out. Oh, Hank's been deep in it. Yeah. Hank is really, really deep into it. What, what'd you ask me? Like, do I think Tom Hanks is involved? You know, He said no. His, his direct quote was, what are your thoughts on Tom Hanks? PFT? Yeah.


I don't know. He's a good actor. Fors Gump rocked. That's pretty much the start. Oh, captain Phillips was good too, actually. He's been a lot of good stuff, but there's some speculation that there's gonna be lists coming out. Oh, about they Never come out though. Who is at the freak parties? The list never come out. The list. They never come out. They tell you that there's a list and it's a distraction so that you can come up with your old, your own like fan fiction like lore universe that you make up and you're like, here's who's gonna be on this list. There'll Be some fake lists that come out. Yes. They look like real lists. I think there's already been some fake lists that come out. Yeah. But yeah, it's, there's some weird stuff. And what's crazy about the Diddy thing is you can go back and watch Diddy like admitting to be a weirdo. It's nuts in real time.


And everybody was just like, yeah, Diddy's kind of crazy. It's crazy that everyone knew this. I, I feel like I was the last to know. Yeah. I had no idea. You think we'd know him about Biggie? What? He might have killed Biggie. I heard that. Oh, no. Is that your theory? Streets are saying? Yeah. I don't think the list will ever come out. They never Do. But they love, they love making you think that there's a list. Yes. That's gonna come out. Yes. Also, other celebrities have been coming out like denouncing P like I denounced, I denounced as Well. I denounced p Did Denounced this podcast announces Hank. I think Neo came out with something that was like, I have nothing, I had nothing to do with p Diddy or any of his parties. Which is kind of a weird thing to, it makes, it makes you think that Meek Mill, the funniest Meek Mill who's like, Yeah, he's going through it.


He's, he's in a million pictures videos. Like he's definitely in, was in p Diddy Circle tweeted like, I'll pay a hundred grand if someone can figure out why. I'm always getting brought up with the P Diddy stuff. It's like, yeah, I would like to defend our, you've been with them for five years. I would like to defend, maybe this is a mistake, but our, our, there is that one video that's going around where Diddy does a cheers with Jay-Z and a bunch of people and Leonard Fett somehow in it. That's always makes me laugh. Play off Lenny, I'm gonna back play off Lenny. Yeah. Yeah. Until proven otherwise, Until proven otherwise. Yep. He's our friend. And also Meek Mill. That was a Rock Nation Brunch, not a Diddy party. Oh, there we go. Boom. Back play off Lenny. And For the record, meek Mill is a hundred percent straight.


His quote, when I got a girl around me, I'm fucking her twice a day. Oh hell yeah. Ask some of your favorites. Pussy don't control me, but it's like a high one. Love to the gay people, but that Juicy Pussy do it for me. I done ran red lights to get that feeling. Y'all weird on here. Hell yes. So suck on that one. Haters. That is sick. That That's the straightest thing you could ever Say. Yeah. That's so sick. That's what reminds me of the old Diplo tweet. Doing, doing girls is cool, but doing work last way longer and more fulfilling. I like that. Yeah. Doing Girls, You remember when Mike Piazza had a, a press conference to announce that he was straight? Yep. That was funny. That was funny. Alright. My Hot Seat is anyone who's ever bashed Dylan Ola, because I'm all the way in on him now.


He's got a brother who committed to Nebraska Dayton Ola. And he looks like Jackson Mahome. Are you serious? In this one picture, he looks like Jackson Mahomes, PFT. And now it's the funniest thing I've ever fucking seen. I'm all in on these guys. That's What I was wondering. Like When he dropped the Jackson Mahomes, I'm like, fuck yes. They, it's, it went from, this is weird to I'm all in. Yeah. So I'm sorry for everything I've said. If this guy can start doing, if Dayton Real, it could start doing tiktoks and looking more and more like Jackson Mahomes. It is one of the funniest things that's going on the Internet. So I wonder if Dylan is making his brother participate in his fantasy world and telling him like, how to dress. You have to look like this guy. It could be. Or if it's just natural. It it could definitely be.


That would be so funny. Yeah. I'm, I'm all the way in. All the way in. And then my cool throne is, Don't, don't let Mr. Ola drive a car. That's all I'll say. Yes, That's true. Dominic is his name. He played in the NFL and he's a, he was a fucking mean, mean guy. Play player that is center my cool trons. Memes. Memes. You're on my tron because Rogers, you see Rogers on McAfee. He said that Hassan, the, the report that there was chaos in the locker room for the Jets before the season was from Hassan Reddick's agent, which now makes more sense. So that was just never a true story.


Hmm. Son Reddick's agent basically planted that to try to create chaos. And there, I even saw there was a guy who said, when it first came out, he just, a random Jets fan said, shut up bitch. And then at Tory Dandy, the guy's, the agent's name, and then the agent blocked him right away. So Interesting. That's, that's proven guilty. Interesting. In the court of the internet, So no problem. No, it was Son Reddick's agent. No, no problem. Aaron Rogers also might delete that ex agent fired. Oh, he did? That's what Aaron Rogers said. That was a exact quote. He said, ex agent. He's just like, probably he said former agent. Oh. So you might be back.


Might be all the way back. Oh, you're double. Cool Throne. So people think Aaron Rogers might have leaked that and stuff's going on behind the scenes, but nobody's actually reported anything. Shout out to Hassan Reddick because it sounds like he's a very loyal guy. Like his agent was costing him millions of dollars for not playing and he didn't fire him until right now It feels like his agent was like, I know what we'll do. We'll say the locker room is bad, then they'll give you all the money. That'll be good. This will definitely work. My master plan, my genius plan. Okay. Should we get to our interview? Great interview Michael Silver in studio with his new book, talking about Football. Before we do that,


the farmer's dog, the days are warmer, the walks are longer. And one easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from the farmer's dog. The farmer's dog makes real fresh dog food and delivers it right to your door. Recipes are delivered by vet Nutritionist made from real meat and veggies and portioned just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls and feed your dog real food with real benefits. It's smart, healthy pet food. You can feel good about feeding your pup. It's the best option for dogs of all life stages because it's not kibble. It's not cango. It's real healthy food. The Farmer's dog isn't just fresh high quality food. They also send food pre proportion specifically for your dog based on their unique needs. Stella's a farmer's dog. Blake is a farmer's dog. We love Farmer's Dog. The Farmer's dog released a new commercial telling the story of a dog's unconditional love for its human. And reminds us that no matter what happens in our day, we can always feel good about doing our best for our canine companions, especially through feeding them far. Farmer's Dog. Check it out on their Instagram at The Farmer Dog and get 50% off of first box of Fresh Healthy Food at The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt to get 50% off. That's The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Amazon. Thursday night football is on Prime video This Thursday, Cowboys going up to MetLife Stadium playing The Giants. Join Al Michaels Kirk, her street and Kaley Hartung is Days A NFC East. Teams meet up coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight live from MetLife Stadium. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day risk-free trial and you can cancel at any time. It is the Cowboys at the Giants 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


All right, here he is. Michael Silver. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest in studio. It is accomplished. NFL Writer, big J journalist, Mike Silver. Michael Silver drinking buddy, drinking buddy. There's some questions we gotta get to about Hugh Jackson, but let's talk about your new book, which is called The Why. Is Everything. A Story of Football Rivalry and Revolution. It's out on hardcover October 1st. I'm gonna buy it on on Kindle, just so you know. I just wanna get that out there. I'm gonna, I know it's a little cheaper on Kindle, but that's how I consume books. Just wanted to just Great. Let that out There.


I think any way you wanna consume. Yeah. As you know, as we established the first night we met any consumption. Yeah. We're not judging. Yeah. Audio Books. That's fine. Yeah. Now can you say, I read a book, when you listen to the book, It's like saying, it's like the reporter trick where you say, I talked to Jared Goff, but really we texted Right. Sometimes I'll go, well, we've communicated or you know, Jared Goff said Yes, but I think I talked to is Kai Ask Skewing It. So I think you just go, that book was great. I I loved every, I enjoyed that book. Yeah. Every second of it. It, alright, so The Why Is Everything is the name of the book. So let's start with the why.


Why did you decide to write this book? Well, you know, there's, you gotta, I'm old. So go back to me. Covering the 49 ERs as a young beat writer, Mike Shanahan showed up as George Sea's offensive coordinator, really trying to resurrect his career. What year was this? 19 19 92. And he'd been fired by Al Davis in Gloriously after a couple years as a young head coach. He'd been fired by Dan Reeves in Denver and accused of insubordination. Basically he and John Elway, Dan Reeves charged, had gone behind the head coach's back. It was kind of this big scandal. So he was a broken man and meanwhile, Joe Montana hurts his elbow.


Steve Young's there. And even though the rest of the country is like, God, this guy's an incredible quarterback. Everyone in San Francisco's like, he's not Joe. He runs too much. He doesn't read Defenses, it's a mess. He literally won the passing title and fans would be like, get rid of him. He stinks. And Mike Shanahan kind of taught Steve Young, that offense in a way that changed Steve Young's career, changed Mike Shanahan's career and vaulted Mike Shanahan to the head coaching job in Denver, where he took that Bill Walsh offense and did outside zone. Right Now you have the modern Shanahan offense. And so then we pick up in Washington and, and I've always been fascinated by that coaching staff, you know, in the early 2010s with, with Mike Shanahan.


And no one in football history is gonna look back and go, wow, the early 2010 reds skids. What an incredible well Run. Yeah. We had 10 years or 10 weeks with RG three that were pretty good. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. But, but in the football community, that's always been this mind blowing thing. What they did, they took a guy who had no pro style experience or link to it in RG three. They took their existing offense and morphed it into a pistol on the fly and caught everybody off guard. I mean, you remember, you know, they, they gained a third of their passing yards that season on one play called Drift, where he like fakes a handoff turns kind of throws blindly over where the linebackers would be.


Yeah. But the linebackers have come up and he, you know, he was the rookie of the year. Not Andrew Luck, not Russell Wilson. It was revelatory. So yes, the dysfunction of the Reds skis ultimately took that staff down and Mike Shanahan down, but it was seismic. And so the five people on the cover are Kyle Shanahan was the office coordinator and fellow assistant, Sean McVey, Matt LeFlore, Mike McDaniel, and Raheem Morris. And obviously they are now all in very prominent positions. So that's the jumping off point kind of. But then you get all the petty and the rivalry and the dysfunction and love occasionally.


Yeah. And I know all, you know, you know, these guys, I've known these guys for so long and I've been around it and been out drinking with them and heard all of their various idiosyncratic ways of looking at things. And I've just always felt like something's going on here. They're doing it a different way that what they did with RG three to, instead of just say, this is our system and we're gonna run it, but just deconstruct and kind of think in an abstract way really goes against the tenets of old school meathead football, which really permeated, permeated the NFL for so long, which was we do it because it works. Right. It's what Bill Walsh did.


Right. And and why do we call it the flanker? I don't know. That's what Bill Walsh called it, you know? Yeah. So they ask why a lot, and then they want to be able to explain why to their players constantly. So Yeah, I mean it's interesting because this ba this book basically is why the NFL is the way it is today because it's, you know, whatever it is, a third or a quarter, 15% of the head coaches all are part of this system and, and everything that's come off of it. And really more because Kevin O'Connell Yeah. Zach Taylor, Robert Sala, you know, I mean, you really could make a case that's like a third. Yeah. There's the coaching tree is crazy. Yeah. Dko Ryan's, yeah.


Although on the defensive side, but yeah. So yeah, Tamico and Bobby Ick. Bobby Slo, he was on that staff too, wasn't he? He was, he was. Shane Waldron. Yeah. That's great. Yeah, he, Bobby Sha Shane Waldron. Yeah. Probably, you know, rough start for Shane Waldron this year. Yeah. But I, I think he's, you know, I think he's a shrewd guy. We figure it out. Yeah. Yeah. It does feel like, like NFL offense has changed so much that year. And, it, it, it rippled across the league. Like you said. I don't think that we've had an offensive innovation that's been that pronounced since 2012. Have we? No, you know, the, the innovation off that immediately was McVeigh kind of speeding it up and then going, you know, 11 personnel and using the receivers as blockers on the outside.


But, you know, they've, they've had to innovate from that And. it really was a way of thinking though, that has now permeated the NFL more, which is instead of, we have always done it this way, it's, let's make everything, let's just deconstruct everything and, and be willing to innovate and be creative from a, you know, new starting out point. And, and the willingness to do that is definitely new. Yeah. So, Amongst these guys, let's get to some of the juicy stuff amongst these guys in this room. It seems like they, it was a very collaborative effort and they all root for each other. I know they've done podcasts together, they've done media together at the time.


Were there any rivalries between these two? Or was it all just like, okay, let's work towards this common goal? Well, First of all, there's a chapter in there called Enemy Friends, which is how Raheem Morris describes Kyle and Sean and, you know, enemy first for a reason. Right. Like, they're friends, but like, they definitely, you know, have, there's, there's an edge to it. There was a big falling out with Kyle and Matt LaFleur that I get into. That is an incredible story that is, you know, centered around that. The drama leading into that draft. The night of the draft when they took Trey Lance, one of the Zach Wilson two, Trey Lance three.


Anyway. Yeah. But yeah, You know, In Washington, I kind of liken it to like, you know, I'm a northern Californian, imagine like Silicon Valley in the early days that you've got, you know, Steve Jobs and Andy Grove and all these visionaries at one company, young kind of hustling, all rushing, Hey, what if, what if we try this? Nah. I got this idea where it was encouraged to make these suggestions and they'd kind of all run to Kyle Shanahan and he'd decide what to use and what not to use. So there was a, it was a collaboration and kind of a healthy competition. Yeah. Back then.


It's, it's fascinating. 'cause these are always like, just going back to coaching staffs when you had, I, I think the other one is like the Packers in the nineties when they had every, you know, when they had what Gruden, Andy Reed Yeah. And all these guys on the staff. Yeah. Andy Reed. Yeah. Andy Reed. And just like going back in these time capsules along the NFL and you look at these coaching staffs, you're like, holy shit. Yeah. They had this type of brain power Yeah. That then goes out and spreads everywhere in the NFL. What, so my, my curiosity about how we've evolved in the NFL is why did it take so long for everyone else to kind of catch up and be like, Hey, these guys are really smart. Is it just an organization failure across the league where it's like, we don't, we want to do the thing that's always been done and now this new age shit is kind of scary.


It feels like we're there now where everyone's starting to think outside the box, but that, that there's a little bit of tension that goes along with anything new. Yeah. And they have flaws, right? Like Kyle Shanahan has a very brusque style that wasn't very conducive to bonding with players. He is gotten a lot better. And so they were very sure of themselves and sure they were right. And didn't really like, you know, hiding that. Right. So that could be cool if it's working. But the other element of this, and I, I know Eric will be excited, but the dysfunction seemed to fight them.


Right? Right. Like you had them all at Washington. Well enough said, right? Yeah. Dan Snyder, et cetera. Then Kyle goes to Cleveland, you know, talk about our Hugh Jackson Association. A lot of people have gotten caught up in that hell hole. He famously fought his way out after a year. And remember that was the Ray Farmer texting scandal. The general manager was texting assistant coach Dal Loggins to tell Kyle among other things, you should play Johnny Bezel. Right. You know, so Kyle had Mike McDaniel write up a 32 point memo of reasons he should be let out of his contract And it ultimately worked.


Holy shit. And so then he goes to Atlanta and after that first year with Matt Ryan in Atlanta, there's a question about whether he's gonna get fired by the Falcons. They end up having this summit meeting in Southern California, which is described in the book And. it was, it's been called Matt LaFleur called it our Kumbaya Sessions. Somebody called it marriage counseling. But basically they're gathering at Tom House and Adam Dato's place and Who's gathering, This is Matt Ryan, Kyle Shanahan, who are the two guys who need to work stuff out. Dan Quinn and Matt LaFleur, the quarterback coach with these two quarterback gurus, Tom House and Adam Dayto that Matt Ryan's working out with.


And famously a a few things were said, but at one point Tom House is trying to describe Matt LaFleur's role as getting caught in the middle between Kyle Shanahan and Matt Ryan. And he says, Matt, you're the taint. He's very, that's a good analogy. Analogy. Yeah. No one wants to be the taint. Yeah. It's That, that's fascinating though. Like that that tension that works. And then, and then you get success out of it because like having, having that meeting, they get to the Super Bowl, obviously they were up 25 in the Super Bowl. Hard to do. Were Is that hard to do That? True? It's hard to be up 25 points. They were winning the Super Bowl. Super Bowl.


I heard you could say, you could say that Dan Quinn is a Super Bowl winning head coach. He was winning by 25. Yes, he was. I heard it was 28 to three. Yes. Yeah. Yes. It's, and they, and they and Matt Ryan wins an MVP and that kinda launches Kyle Shanahan and then Matt LeFlore. Right? Yes. Like, so that, that, that meeting obviously worked. It really did. And so, yes, e eventually they have all ascended and now they just fight it out amongst each other and try to keep their prodigies. You know, I mean, look what the Saints are doing. That's a Kubiak. That's, that's another, yep. And he's part Of the tree as well. Yeah. Part of the tree. But in Washington, that rg three year, even amid the rest of the league being kind of blown away and defense is not being able to stop it.


Even so you'll remember the, the Cleveland game that year. Yep. Kirk Cousins RG three gets hurt. And now Kirk Cousins, who they'd also drafted that year, which was the Kyle Shanahan, you know, favorite pick is gotta play in Cleveland. And they run a more traditional shanahan offense game play with a lot of boots, you know, the, the fake handoff and the rollout. And Kirk Cousins goes wild in that game and they win. So now here's the post game scene. Dan Snyder barrels through the locker room goes right past Kirk Cousins, who is having this glorious moment almost steps on him to get to Robert Griffin and say, Hey, don't worry, it's okay.


You're still my guy. And Kirk is just standing there. Right. It's super awkward while this is happening. RG two Robert's father Yeah. Who was very involved, has managed to somehow get in the locker room and he's all over Mike Shanahan, man, why didn't you call any running plays? Yeah. And Mike's like, he can run on those boots. He just chose to throw, I, we wanna run those plays with Robert. And Robert comes back too early probably because he, he's threatened by that All in for year two. I Remember that. Yeah. And, and so it gets, you know, we all, I think, you know, that playoff game where he ends up tearing up the knee and, and that's the beginning of the end was horrible.


But I, in most people's minds, well, he'll get surgery and they'll come back and they'll build on this and it'll be amazing. There's a scene in the book where Mike Shanahan at the end of that season, because of how he feels about Robert, because he thinks Dad Snyder is so invested in believing that Robert's really a pocket passer and we're gonna change him and we're gonna show. And he's my guy Mike Shanahan ends up recommending to Dan Snyder, Bruce Allen, the gm, and the other owners. We should trade Robert. Now we know he's not really what people think he is.


The league's gonna catch up and it's not gonna work out the way you think his value's. Amazing. We might get back the three ones. Yeah. Yeah. We gave up and we can play with Kirk and Mike Shanahan has it all figured out. He is like, this is the best idea ever And it, it did not go over well. But yeah. So in retrospect that that would've been a good play that would, that would've gotten a lot of people on their ass if they'd done that. It seems insane to actually do something like that after you win Rookie the year though. It Would've been viewed as insane, including in, in fairness, even by me who, right. Yeah. You know, but, But those are the type of moves too. It really sliding where he's thinking ahead where like a Belichick was famous for it.


Like, get get rid of guys a year early, except instead of a year late. Stay ahead of the curve. Here's another weird thing, you know, Peyton Manning was free before that 2012 season. Yep. Coming off the neck surgeries. And Mike Shanahan absolutely had interest and Peyton was gonna be in Denver anyway, meeting with the Broncos. So they set up a meeting at Mike Shanahan's house with Mike and Kyle and Kyle, who is a football nerd and thinks Peyton is, you know, the all time best at the lightest scrimmage. The, the general, you know, he's so fired up. So Mike Shanahan flies to The Bahamas to meet with Dan Snider, presumably on his very small boat.


I'm sure it's tiny. So they're off on the boat. Kyle's in his office prepping for his, you know, meeting with Peyton, Maddy. He's so excited. They both get in the air. Mike is flying to Denver from The Bahamas. Kyle is flying from Dulles while they're in the air. And this is pre good wifi. Bruce Allen at Dan Snyder's behest trades with the Rams way before the draft for all those picks. So now we know they're picking RG three. Right. So Kyle Lands finds out about it. He is like, oh, well there's obviously no meeting. And Mike says, no, no, no, we could still get Peyton Roberts for the future.


And so Kyle Preps, Peyton comes to the house, he and Kyle watch film for a couple hours. They're totally vibing like this. It's the greatest meeting ever. Kyle's so fired up Peyton leaves and Kyle says, dad, do you really think we still have a chance to get him? And Mike goes, no. Like, we're, we're drafted robbery. Yeah. So he just let Kyle down easy. Yeah. And so yeah. History could have been way different. There's just so many sliding doors, moments for my happiness that we're, we're going over right now. Yeah. And, it could have been so different. And then the, and then the funny thing is, you know, 2013 is one of the all time dysfunction junction seasons. That was my first season at NFL Network. And I was doing Thursday nights at halftime and then game day morning with Ian Rappaport we're all, you know, we're doing, I was being like his bort, may he rest in peace Yes.


For his Adam. And we were all over the Redskin dysfunction. And I remember laughing, I'm like, Dan Snyder's used to dealing with like Jim Zod, he has no idea about the Mike Shanahan, you know, ability to navigate this feud. And so he, he ends up getting fired and Mike goes in for his exit meeting with the other owners and he says, okay, I'm gonna give you guys some advice. Take it or leave it. You need to trade Kirk Cousins. And they're like, huh. And he goes, there's no coach who's gonna come in here and believe ultimately that Robert is better than Kirk Cousins. So trade him. Yeah. 'cause it's gonna be an issue.


It's gonna be a problem. Yeah. That's fascinating. So are you, are you surprised that Mike Shanahan never got another job because he does, it does feel like he's such an innovator and such an accomplished coach that you'd think a team would want him. I remember even, I think it was 2015 ish, 16 maybe 15 or 16 when the Bears hired John Fox. Oh, he was, he was a name that was being thrown around And. It's like, why is this guy who knows so much about football who has all this, this incredible resume, why has he not gotten another job? Yeah, I, I agree with you. He did talk to the Raiders of all teams. Yeah. At one point Post Al and the Niners, I, he should be in the Hall of Fame right now.


There's no question. I hope this book helps make that case. He, there is something at 49 er headquarters referred to as the Shana Cam, which basically means Mike Shanahan needs to watch meetings and practice ASAP virtually. That's awesome. So he's, some people think he's the shadow gm. I think that's an exaggeration. But this is incredible. So, because I was doing this book Full Force, I spent a bunch of time with him in May and June of 2022. And so in those conversations I would ask about Trey Lance of course, and Jimmy. And he kept talking about Brock Purdy.


'cause he'd seen some mini camp tape. And I was like, God, he's kind of weirdly into Brock Purdy, but you know, whatever he is the 262nd pick, now they open against the Bears. It's Trey Lance's first game as the unquestioned starter the day before. I go to Mike Shanahan's room and I'm sitting up there and I'm asking him about Trey Lance. And he again brings up Purdy and he says, when you have a guy like that in your building, you don't let him out. And I'm like, are we talking about, you know, thinking? Yeah. Yeah. And you know, so he's still got it. Yeah. This is why I'm saying like, how is he not like Brock Purdy is some, is a guy who it took, it took him going to a Super Bowl for everyone to be like, okay, maybe he's actually really good.


Yeah. And Mike Shanahan, before he even takes a snap, the NFL is like, this guy is gonna be good. And in fairness, even Kyle who's great at this, didn't really know he was what he was. They obviously, I don't know if Mike thought all this before the draft to this degree, but when I was seeing him, he'd seen a few of the OTA tapes. Yeah. And he was just like, I don't know. And then, you know, meeting the kid, he's just, you know, for all the, he looks like he's going to class at Iowa State Right, right. With the backpack and stuff. And he is very polite and very personable. I dunno if you guys have met him yet. We haven't. No. Yeah, I think, I think you'll really like him. But he's a, he's a stone cold killer too. That's Fascinating.


So why isn't a team hired Mike Shannon as a gm? I, I think that's also, I I I think if, you know, I, I'm in the rare position where the, I have receipts. Yeah. I have this on tape. He's talking about Brock Purdy in, that's so June of 2022. Like he's, you know, an elite NFL started quarterback. That's Incredible. It also sounds like, I mean, his son's the head coach. It'd be hard to hire him as a GM for another team. Like the, the 49 ERs essentially got just a great asset that's gonna work for free for him. What if like the Harbaughs what, you know, like, and the Shanahan somehow, you know, all got crossed up. Yeah. I Think, I think the Harbaughs would murder them. Yeah. If there was like an actual like family rivalry.


Yeah. I, I'd take Jim Harbaugh over any of those guys. Yeah. Yeah. I think, you know, it would be hard for me to imagine a less tense atmosphere Yeah. Than a Harbaugh family versus any other family. Yeah. Competition in anything true Alphas. Yeah. Yeah. So you, you spent a lot of time around the league. I know that you were, you were around New Orleans, you knew what was going on during Bounty Gate. And I feel like that's something that we don't talk about enough anymore. It's kind of been, hasn't been forgotten, but We don't talk about it as much as we're used to besides the, the Kevin James movie. So what, what was your knowledge of Bounty Gate as it happened and how it came out and all that aftermath?


Well, I did get caught up in it. And it's funny because this story is gonna ultimately lead to Jeff Fisher, who I know we share an affinity for, we love. Yes. And, and before I was too close to Hugh Jackson, I was also too close to Jeff Fisher. Okay. Who also got turned into a cartoon character by he did America. Yeah. And so it's 2012, Greg Williams has already left to go to the Rams as the, the St. Louis Rams as their new defensive coordinator couple years removed from the Super Bowl. Sean Peyton has been suspended along with Greg Williams and others because the NFL has decided that they have evidence that the Saints allegedly, I would say allegedly based on the evidence now, you know, we're we're paying players explicitly to injure opponents.


And this is as the concussion lawsuit's going on. And the NFL is looking for a way desperately to say, man, we care about health and safety. Right. They had some other issues with Sean Payton. Great stories that don't have to do with that. So it was already weird. It's also Tom Besson. I think you could do that to Tom Besson easier than you could do it to Robert Kraft or Jerry Jones. Right, right. Easy owner to pick on. So Sean p gets suspended for a year. While this is all going on, I learn of the existence of this audio tape that documentary filmmaker Sean Plon had in his possession. He was working at the time with Steve Gleason on what ultimately became a documentary because he'd been diagnosed with a LSA former Saints player.


Steve Gleason was a guest of the team in this meeting before a playoff game against the 49 ERs in 20 11, 20 11 season. And Greg Williams is caught on audio tapes saying things like, kill the head and the Body will die. And Greg Williams is one of those guys that if you take him literally, I, I relate If you take, if you take him, literally it doesn't go well. Right. He's very over the top. Right. He says things for effect. But he did seem to, according to Pam Fela be literal in that he made the money sign with his hands at one point. Like, I got the first one, meaning I'll pay that fine. Yeah. Which would cross the line. So it was the smoking gun.


The NFL felt it needed to show the world. See this is a, this is outta control in New Orleans. I get ready to write this blockbuster story for Yahoo Sports. Unfortunately, I had just finished with Jeff Fisher in Indie at the Combine asking and receiving permission to be in the Rams war room in the upcoming draft, which is a big get, you know, for Yahoo and me. Yeah. And I'm all excited. And now Jeff Fisher's defensive coordinator is gonna be even more, you know, disciplined. Yeah. Because there was a chance that suspension was gonna get reduced.


I'll never forget. So when Jeff called me back, I had to tell him what was going on. He just goes, how bad. And I go, well, given that it's Greg, it's about as bad as you can imagine. So at that point, I just assumed that if not Jeff, his owner or somebody would say to him, we're not letting that guy in our draft room. He just ruined our life even more. Right. But amazingly, Jeff calls and says, when are you coming out? He said, why don't we have dinner the night before? So now we're outdoors in Clayton, Missouri having dinner drinking wine. He's telling me about what they're gonna try to do in the draft. By the way, that was the Michael Brock's Brian quick draft where they got two.


Cute. I was there, tried to, wanted Bobby Wagner, but thought let's, let's get him with the second of our two picks in this round. 'cause we wanna to get Isaiah P the immortal running back and then lost Bobby Wagner to the Seahawks. So Jeff says to me, with a twinkle at his eye, you know, I want you in the room, but I also want you to have a workstation. And for times where we really need to have a sensitive conversation to kick you out. I do have a vacant office and literally I set up shop for three days in Greg Williams' vacant office. Somehow after breaking the kill the head body with eyes, oh my God.


We're gonna get back to Michael Silver in a second. He's brought to you by BLUECHEW. You can have better sex with BLUECHEW. BLUECHEW is the original brand offering chewable tablets. These erection enhancing tablets help men achieve stronger, harder, and longer lasting erections for sexual activities. And it's all done from the comfort of home with BLUECHEW. Say goodbye to performance anxiety, say hello to stronger, longer lasting erections. These chewable tablets have the same active ingredients that you'd find in Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra. But in chewable form and at a fraction of the cost. BLUECHEW is all about having confidence when it comes time to perform and having healthy, happy, and healthy relationships. BLUECHEW subscriptions include a free online consultation, 24 7 medical support and delivery straight to your door every single month. Chew it and do it. If you want more confidence in the bedroom, use code PMT for your first month for free. You get a free month in your first month at BLUECHEW dot com promo code PMT. Check them out. Thank you to BLUECHEW for sponsoring this pod.


The interview is also brought to you by Wolf's streaming September 27th on Apple tv. Plus it's a new action comedy movie starring George Clooney and Brad Pitt streaming on Apple TV plus on September 27th. The story takes place all on one wild night in New York City. You got George Clooney, you got Clooney and Pitt. They start as two rival fixers who are both called in to help cover up the same crime over one explosive night. They'll have to set aside their petty grievances and their egos to finish the job. What does it mean to be a Wolf? It means three things. A Wolf solves any problems. A Wolf leaves no loose ends. And a Wolf usually works alone, but not this time. Wolf's streaming September 27th on Apple TV plus.


And now here's more. Mike Silver. So back, back to Bounty gate though the, the smoking gun that you said Yes. In team meeting, he said kill the head, the snake will die or whatever, the body will die. Yeah. And then he says, I got the first one. Does the money sign implying I'll pay for your fine? Yes. If you, if you hit the quarterback too hard. Yes. I think almost every defensive coordinator around the league has said and done stuff like that in meetings. At least at the time. Yes. Maybe they've been more careful since then. So what was it about Greg Williams in particular that made the NFL target? The Saints? I think it was Sean Peyton. There had been another scandal that had quietly gone away because of the arbitration clause that kept it from being public.


But there was a scandal that had involved missing pills at the Saint's facility. Vicodin, I believe, if I, if I'm not mistaken, but there were a lot of pills missing and there was some, some word or accusation that Sean Peyton had been involved in that and trying to cover that up. I I think there was a general feeling that Roger Goodell believed these guys were outta control. They're, you know, and Sean, who I love had, you know, was Bill Parcell's trained.


So there was the secrecy and the kind of the weirdness in general. Again, it was Tom Benson, someone you could make an example of. There was another incident during one of the London games at Wembley where they did a walkthrough the day before and the security people told Sean Peyton, you're gonna, you guys are gonna come out before the game and you guys are gonna go through this tunnel and you know how NFL coaches are like it's gospel. Right. That is the tunnel we were told. And at game day when they tried to go through the assigned tunnel, it had been changed and they really wanted Shad to go a different way and he didn't want to. And I believe the story goes that he just kind of pushed through a security official, may have been a British security official, you know, not like he beat him up, but it got Right, it got a little physical.


Yeah. And that got back to Roger and I think that was another instance where he was like, this guy, so I, it, yeah. Again, it's disturbing to me in that they did a, you know, they kind of did a Mueller report, independent commission thing, you know, to try to prove that they had it and they used Paul Tagliabue of all people, the former commissioner who was a lawyer and the report was not real, you know, friendly to the NFL. It was kinda like, eh, there's this, there's this audio from a game where somebody, was it Bobby cra somebody allegedly says, gimme my muddy Bobby.


Yeah. But it's not really clear that that's exactly what he said. It was flimsy evidence at best. Or that he said it. So Yeah, it was a witch hunt. It could, if you're a Saints fan, you go. They had it out for our team. And again, there were some other reasons that might've been true if you're a cynic like me who then went to work for the NFL. But if you're a cynic like me, you say they were looking at an existential threat with the head trauma, which they were culpable for. They had to beat their chest and show the world. Yeah, yeah. We care, care about safety players, safety, Let's do 17 games, but we, we care about player safety. That sort of s let's play. Yeah. It's playing random stadiums across the world that are not good playing surfaces.


Yeah. Right. We don't, and we care about safety. Oh, oh, world Cup. We're hosting FIFA needs grass. Yeah. Oh yes. fifa. Yeah. We'll change it to grass. Right? Oh, NFL guys think, nah, sorry. Yeah. Yeah. So you, you were talking about that Rams War room. I don't think about this guy at all, but it sounds like that's the same draft that they drafted Michael Sam. No, I, I actually repeatedly got in the Rams war room because, you know, I was a friend of the coach. You're such a good guest. Yeah, yeah. I was a guest. So now@nflnetworknfl.com I was there the year they took Michael Sam. So they had two picks at the end of the seventh round.


And so Michael Sam had been the SEC Defensive Player of the year. So to a casual fan or to someone like me even it was like, well, that guy's gonna get drafted. Right. He's the, you know, he is an edge rusher who, you know, was the player, defensive player of the year in the best conference. But Scouts didn't love him for football reasons. And so he was also openly gay. The NFL had never had an openly gay player and things have changed a lot, but at the time that felt super heavy. So Jeff Fisher is on the phone as their picks are coming in the seventh route, and he kind of looks a little serious and he hangs up and he stands up.


And the Rams have one of those war rooms that everybody's in, like the Patriots. It would be like Bill Belichick, you know, Scott Pioli and only two other people. Maybe we'll let the running backs coach come in for five minutes. Yeah. But the Rams are like, it's the scouts, it's the, it's ownership, it's the all, all the front office people and me. And so Jeff tells the room with pick two 40 whatever, we are taking Michael Sam from Missouri. And people kind of get chills because it's history. And at that point you're pretty far ahead of the telecast. So we have a few minutes to kind of be the only ones who know, like, this is gonna be cool and it's historic.


And we're waiting and waiting and the pick gets officially turned in. So now we know it's happening for sure. We're waiting and waiting and then the pick is made and it's kind of like, everybody's just kind of looking at each other like we were there. It's pretty cool. Right. Well then they cut to, they had cameras on Michael Sam at his house. I dunno if you remember this. Yes. But Michael and his boyfriend at the time, I think his name was Vito, celebrated the moment and there was like a cake, smushing, face licking off of fingers, situation going on. And. it definitely changed the vibe in the Ram War room, not judging in like a homophobic way as much as just a Yeah.


That's not very football. Right. And, it just kind of freaked people out. And I, I, I don't want to, I, I'm not even sure of the person who said it and I don't want to ID him, but one person broke the tension by saying something to the effect of, damn, usually you gotta be in the league a minute before you start getting the white bitches. Oh man. Alright. So I got a big football question for you. Someone once told me, And, it stuck with me ever since that in the NFL, there are a handful of teams that are actively trying to win a Super Bowl.


Organizations that are actively trying to win a Super Bowl, doing the right things, investing in the team, and then there's like 20 organizations that are basically are saying, Hey, if we catch lightning in a bottle, cool. But otherwise we're just gonna print money. Is that a fair, accurate thing to say? Yeah. And it's been a thing and so it's weird 'cause for all my lefty Berkeley, you know, grateful debt, all, all my heritage, I'm super free market on the NFL, like I'm Adam Smith. Right. And I used to call these old owners Pol Bureau bosses because they would take, they'd sit stand at their breadline and they would take their guaranteed TV revenue, which guarantees you a profit.


And the NFL has like a lot of communist like sensibilities where shall be first the draft, the schedule, the salary cap, they control costs, right. They share all the revenue. And so there was not a lot of incentive back in the day to market. And, you know, the Bears are traditionally under marketed the Chicago Bears. Yeah. The Raiders just were like, why would we market, where are the Raiders? You know? Right. The, the Bengals still don't. And so Eddie De Barlow, Jerry Jones, Robert Kraft ended up being the new guard of owners who got it a lot more enter entrepreneurial and started hustling. And, and you know, there was this famous owner meeting where Jerry, Jerry Jones says to Mike Brown, you know, I'm so touched that you wanna name your stadium after your late father.


That's really awesome. But because you won't take a naming rights deal, I have to subsidize you. Yeah. Right on, on this revenue sharing thing. Right. Right. And so I tend to be on the side of those more aggressive owners. Yeah. So yes, they're all, you know, you would think in such a highly competitive industry, everyone wants to win desperately. There's some guys who wanna win desperately, but they don't know how and they sabotage. Like Dan Snyder, David Tepper. Right. Yeah. Yeah. But then there's some people who are just like acting like they wanna win because every once in a while they will. Yeah. They get, they, they catch the, oh, we got lucky with this quarterback or this random year happen. Totally. And then we'll just have everyone live off that for the next 10, 20 years.


Right. So if you're a fan, you want your owner to, and I, and I did owner rankings@si.com and yahoo.com for years and years. And what I really valued the most was aggressive pursuit of revenue and aggressive spending to try to get wins. And, and so Dan Snyder having players on his helicopter is well intentioned, but it screws the authority of the coach and Right. Messes it up. Yep. But, you know, if you have the best facilities, if you pay your assistant coaches well, if you are Scouting department Yes. All those things where it's like the, there's, there just seems to be a lot of organizations, and I'm probably speaking about my, the, the team I root for here.


Very much so, where it's, it's frustrating knowing the further we've gotten into this job, the more we've seen it. It's frustrating to know that a lot of these organizations just don't give a fuck. And they just, they, they honestly are fine. You know, every five years ripping off 10 wins and being like, that was cool. I don't believe that there is a more under marketed entity in American commerce than the Chicago Bears. I mean the Chicago Bears, and I don't know if people know, like in this city, the Bulls had that. Yeah. But it's, it's, it's a football town. The Cubs or the Cubs, but it's a football town. Yeah, it is. And, and with the Bears, you know, in 85 and like that was, it was just, it, it engulfed everything.


And and they've been living off it since. Yeah. You know, and it's that lightning in a bottle where it's like, Hey, we, we, we aren't gonna do all the steps. We'll do a couple of the steps here and there, and if we're good for a couple years Oh, awesome. But then it never is sustainable saying like, that's the sustainable greatness of some of these organizations. 'cause like Yeah. Okay. The Cowboys have not won a Super Bowl since the nineties. They've still been in the mix Yeah. Pretty much every year. Yeah. So, and it's hard to win championships, but like being in the mix and actively trying to win playoff games matters. I'm for the, I've been a Jerry Rider die for so long, but I'm starting to wonder now, like, I know he's always told me, this is all I care about. I just wanna win. But like his actions the last few years, you know, he could have got Sean Peyton And, well, this is the weird part.


We talk about this a lot on the show. Yeah. But Jerry Jones, because of how he dealt with his coaches in the nineties, we think he's one way. He kept Jason Garrett for way too long. Yeah. Yeah. So he actually is weirdly one of those way too loyal. I don't want to change guys. Yeah. Or I don't want to pay. Right. Guys not to coach. But we think about the nineties and we think about Jimmy Johnson, we're like, oh, he'll get rid of a guy in a second if he has a problem with him. I, I mean, I, I feel like there've been two inflection points that he could have had Sean Peyton and he knows Yeah. He knows Sean Payton would've, you know, in his mind, would've been the guy he didn't do it. And then is there anyone on earth that, you know, with respect to Mike McCarthy, who's done a lot of good things in this league after the first quarter and a half of that playoff game, because the Packers, is there anyone reasonable on Earth who would've been like, man, Jerry Jones fired Mike McCarthy and tried to get Mike Vrabel or Yeah, right.


Bill Belichick. Right. Like no one would've said, wow, Jerry Jones is Yeah. Give enough time. Yeah. Right. That would've made perfect sense. So what, why do you think that is? Why do you think that Jerry chose to remain loyal to McCarthy? Especially, like when you say the name Belichick, Belichick being out there seems like it would've been the ultimate Jerry Jones move, right? Correct. So why, why do you think he remained loyal to him? I, it's a great question. I need to have a, a longer conversation with Jerry, preferably with him buying the red wine, which he tends to do. And he's, he has a little bit more fleshed out taste than I do. But it just makes me think that he has changed because the Jerry I've always known and defended on this of course, but you're right.


You know, you're right in the Jason Garrett thing, he let that go a long time. Way too long. And Wade Yeah. And Wade. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So he, it's, he, he kind of has become one of those owners that's like, I like what I like and I'm not gonna rock the ball, and also I don't wanna pay. Right. And, and, and I always have said to Jerry, you do better with powerful coaches. Everyone thinks Jerry wants to walk all over people. But the best, you know, even Switzer had some juice, Jimmy Barry and Parcells, which was a total clash. I have a great story on that one. But Jerry did better when strong people were in charge. Right. Right.


There's a story where, you know how Parcells was, you know, wanted to run everything and the Cowboys are flying out to play the Patriots and they're staying either in Providence or closer to Providence than Boston. And so of course the assumption is the flight is fly to Providence and the buses will be there and they'll go to the hotel. And late in the flight, it becomes clear to Parcells that they're going to Boston, which makes no logistical sense until he learns that the Joneses have dinner plans with the crafts and they don't want to go from Providence. Right.


You know, they're not taking a bus. So the plane's gonna land in Boston. And Bill, who cared a lot about such things went up and kind of let Jerry have it. And Jerry smiled and said, I think the quote was, well Bill, when you buy your own team, you can have the plane go where you want it to go. Yeah. I love it. There, there is a certain type of billionaire and I think that there's, there are owners in the NFL that are definitely doing things the right way, but those middling franchises and some of the bad ones, there's some owners that are, they're super competitive, but that doesn't translate to what they actually, the steps that you have to take to winning football games. They take more pleasure in like, the petty stuff like, like getting small victories over the other owners.


Like if they find there's another owner that really likes this coffee shop, they're gonna do everything they can to like have that coffee shop next to their house closed down. You know, Billionaires are absolutely petty as we've seen. Yeah. I, I'm, you know what guys, I'm thinking I might, you know, I, I let go of owner rankings because they hired me. Yeah. For see it. Yeah. Should we bring it basket? Yeah. I Would love to See it. I, yeah, because there, it is fascinating And, it also is a really good for fa from a fan perspective. It's a really good way to see where you, you land because, oh, I got the, I got the greatest feedback because, you know, there were people in Buffalo who said, I, if you come to the city, I will fight you in defense of Ralph Wilson. I'm like, really? Yeah. That's why you're gonna fight me. But the best were, you know, you ranked Bill Bidwell number 30 in your owner rankings.


I defy you to name two owners that are better or that are worse than Bill Bidwell. There's no way he shouldn't be 32. Yeah. Yeah. And, but yeah, lots of arguments And it. But these are good things. Like, it's like the blind pole that has started, you know about the facilities and stuff. Yes. It shines light on it where teams are being, it that's kind of an ownership ranking in its own Right. Where it's like, Hey, here's where they're cheaping out. That's, that's good stuff. Fans should know if their owner is not doing everything to win. Yes. And what I liked is that I got very personal and punitive. And so these people are not used to being criticized. Right. Like, it's One thing. If I, you know, Kyle Shanahan's gonna read stuff in this book and wanna strangle me perhaps.


But Kyle Shahan is used to as am I and you and you we're all used to being kind of criticized. Right. You know, brutally. Right. So I think we tend to be able to filter that. But like, I don't think, like, you know, Mike Brown Yeah. Was used to that. Who by The way, has done ownership rights to been better naming rights better. Well, he is done naming rights to his stadium. 'cause he had to pay Joe Burrow. I, I will give this to Mike Brown. Everyone else would've fired Zack Taylor after year two. Yeah. And because he's cheap or has a philosophy, he got lucky. 'cause He is cheap. Yeah. And, but, but in that case, they got to the Super Bowl, it almost won't. Yeah. Sometimes not firing a coach is the best thing that you can do. Correct. Back to that Washington DC stuff.


Yeah. so if you were to do your, your ownership power rankings right now, do you know who the top five would be? That's a great question. I should have prepped. Great question. I should have prepped on that. You know, I, I think that I am a big believer that the crafts are great owners, but you know, they're in a weird kind of position. I'm heartened by the way the Patriots are playing actually. Yeah. Yeah. They're playing harder than I thought. And you know, it looks kind of cooler so far. But yeah, I'd have to, I'd really have to deconstruct it, take a look because in most of them, the crafts and the Joneses were kind of right there. Jeffrey Lure at the time. Jeffrey Lure would be very, very high.


Yeah. Green Bay. Yeah. Yeah. Green Bay's weird because, and you know, they're gonna change CEOs coming up, so that's interesting. Would The Hunts or they just got lucky 'cause it got Patrick Mahomes and Andy Reed. It's 'cause that the, the blind pole is very interesting that the facilities there murders Him Get, gets killed and you're like, dude, you, you're, you're Patrick Mahomes. You should do whatever he wants to make his life. Great. My favorite story with the Hunts was, I'm out with Derek Thomas, the late great hall of fame badge rusher, who was one of the great social animals in NFL history in an era where it was different. And we didn't have cell phone cameras. And, you know, I, he also, they didn't have to stay in hotels the night before home games.


Marty Heimer didn't make 'em. So we even had some Saturday nights. Love it. Watch the Tupac Bruce Selden fight at his house the night before A game. Not Tupac, excuse me, the Mike Tyson, Bruce Selden fight the night Tupac was shot Yeah. At his house with one of my buddies. One of his buddies and kid from kid and play of house party fame Yeah. Who was on fire with the commentary. But Derek and I were, early on, he was this big JFK conspiracy buff And. It stemmed because his father had been a fighter pilot who was shot down in Vietnam and, and killed.


And so Derek's whole belief was that the war continued because JFK was assassinated to continue the Vietnam War leading to the death of my father. And so he was very, very down the rabbit hole on that. And he started talking about some of the theories publicly And it finally made, I finally went and researched it and I'm like, Lamar Hunt your owner Yeah. Is like one of the people Yeah. In this theory. Yeah. That would be like one of the people who put out the, the hit. Yeah. Yeah. Is that a little awkward? Yeah. You know, so we started having that conversation. That's awkward because I've seen owner players stuff like go really bad, like to with the pushups and all that, but that's a different level.


Yeah. You might've, you might've indirectly killed my father, my dad. Yeah. And and the president. Yeah. And the president. Yes. Yeah. That's wild. Yeah. So I, I also heard that you've speaking to guys that you've spent a lot of time with, where they benefited from not having camera phones around. You hung out with Dennis Rodman in Vegas. Well, I did a book with him. So there was this Sports Illustrated story I got there in, in 1994. And in May of 95 when he was still with the Spurs, they were in a playoff series with the Lakers. I got sent down to LA and a four day, three night, three state bender ensued And.


it was amazing. And I turned it into this cover story where he's, he's got the bird on his shoulder and the metallic hot pass, this iconic si cover that I wrote in real time at his house in San Antonio as he engaged in activities with a stripper while the birds were all, there were these wild birds squawking. So there was a lot of noise. And I, I did manage to focus and write this story. But yeah, I spent a lot of time with Dennis here. But that first night in LA when we went out, they'd eliminated the Lakers. I met him during the day at the shoot around, wasn't clear we were gonna do anything.


They eliminated the Lakers. He immediately walked off the court and told me, let's go. We ended up at a club in West Hollywood with some celebrities. I'm 29, he's 34. And I'm like, well, I could drink with any 34-year-old. I mean, I could drink. Yeah, we know you've seen. So I was pouring out shots under the table like soon after. It was gold, Schlager and Jagermeister. And you know, I, he drank me under the table, but at one point he took me outside and he started to talk about a lot of things, including Madonna, who was the most famous woman of the world. And he had been dating and he said very openly, you know, she wanted me to, she wanted to have my baby.


The quote I think was, she has ways of making you feel like King Tut. And so this, you know, Robin was basically, as we went to San Antonio, then Vegas then tried to go to Phoenix to watch Game seven of the other series court side. But that got derailed. We ended up back in San Antonio. And as all this is happening, I was just gonna go home straight from Vegas. I had so much good stuff and I, I was gonna fly to Oakland. So we're having this kind of emotional goodbye at the airport. And he looks at me as I'm walking away and he goes, bro, what are you doing?


This is the great, like, I'm giving you the great, like, stay with me. Yeah. And he was right. And so I just turned around and went to his gate and talked my way outta that plane and went back to Texas. And this before cell phones were really reliable. And I had told my wife, Hey, I'm coming home. So when we got to Texas, I had to call her as Dennis and I were walking to his truck and can you imagine the voice I was using? You know? Yeah, yeah. Like, so honey, you know, actually Texas, I get off the phone and he'd go, oh bro, who wears the pants in this family? Who wears the pants? Okay, well, story comes out, no story doesn't come out. Story gets filed, I fly home, they open against the Rockets.


Monday in San Antonio, I believe, and maybe in Houston. And no, it's in San Antonio. And I've just, I'm still exhausted. The story's been fact checked. It's not coming out till Wednesday, but it closes Monday night and I'm just getting ready to watch the game. And I get a call like an hour and 15 minutes before the game. And he's like, bro. And I'm like, what are you doing? Are you at the arena? No, bro, I'm at home. And he goes, you gotta do something for me. And I go, what? He goes, bro, you gotta take that Madonna shit out of there. And I go, who wears the pants, dude? Oh, that's beautiful. And then literally he had me, he three-way called.


And ha he, he was gonna have me talk to Madonna and explained to her that he really, you know, he also said some nice things. Yeah. He said, oh, she's gonna, she's gonna kill me. So I'm laughing And, it goes to answering machine, not voicemail, answering machine and you know, know, it's like, Hey, it's m I'm not here. Leave a message and then here's me, you know, leaving a message from Madonna. Oh my God. Don't be too mad. Madonna. That's Incredible. That's a great touching moment though. You're about to give up on the party and go home and dance Robin. And it's like, come on man. Yeah, yeah. Just party with me one more night. Let's do it. Yeah. It was really touching because on the flight he says to me, so what are you doing after this, you know, after this story?


And I said, they actually have me doing this NASCAR thing. It was this weird black and white NASCAR cover story. And he goes this, he goes, well they, it ain't gonna be like this. And I go, no. And he goes, it's never gonna be like this. And, and, and he was right. And I kind of, I kind of knew never. Yeah, you've always been chasing that. Yeah. I mean, I was on the balcony with John Elway at his hotel after his last game. He won Super Bowl MVP. He's got a cigar in one hand and a beer in the other. And he's telling me everything. And I'm, you know, I write that story for Sports Illustrated all night. Like, I've had moments where I'm like, this is real. But it was never like that. Yeah. Yeah. So what about fact checking when it comes to like going out and partying with Dennis Rodman?


Like how do you remember all the quotes and stuff that you're getting over the course of the night? Because they do trust it and you are a fun guy to hang out with? Yeah, It's such a great question. 'cause great question. How we were classically trained journalism capital JA lot of things by the way, don't be the story. Don't inject yourself. I'm like, I'm too arrogant for that, you know? But, you know, si we had time. It was due, you know, 9:00 AM Monday morning usually, or sometimes 9:00 AM Sunday morning. So you could deconstruct and go back and check it. But there are a lot of fine lines. Interestingly, doing the book with Rodman, I did back to back books with Rodman and Kurt Warn are very different books and experiences. But doing the book with Rod was wild because his, his thing was you have to come here and rage and get in my orbit.


And after like a, an undetermined amount of time, we'd be on twin treadmills at the Buro Center and he'd be like, take out that tape. Ofor. Yeah. And, and then it would be amazing. But my wife would be like, how long are you gonna be gone? And I'd be like, I just don't know. Yeah, right. That's fair. I might get kidnapped. It's a fair question for her to ask you too, if like, you're writing a story and you're typing it as Dennis Rodman's having sex while there's a bird. Yeah. You Know, but he, he was amazing. Like the book came out and we had gone out in Chicago to a place called Manhole. Okay. And manholes is suggests, you know, that it would be a bar frequented by dudes who are into dudes, which is what it was.


But one of the people, in fact, big screen TV of hardcore porn with dude on dudes at the bar. But there was a friend of his called Mimi that went out with us who was a voluptuous Marilyn Monroe lookalike with a sultry voice who had been named Michael and was in some form of transition. Right. Undetermined, but was Mimi. And in the book as Dennis, I talked about Mimi and I said, I had been with Mimi a few times, innocently, meaning I'd been out with Mimi. But he goes on Howard Stern and Stern's go and he's like, you've been with bb.


And, and, and Dennis just went with it. He just goes, A lot of people have been with Transsexual bro. They just don't realize it. Incredible. Well, Mike, this has been awesome. The book, The Why Is Everything, A Story of Football Rivalry and Revolution. Buy it on Amazon. I have one last question,


Rollback question R-H-O-P-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs Polos. Hoodies, joggers, shorts.


I have to ask Grateful Dead question. How many shows have you been to? I know we've talked about it privately. How many shows have you been to total? Well, we're only counting Jerry Grateful Dead. Yes. Because I went, you know, I went to, I went to Jerry Band and Kingfish and obviously anything since 95 doesn't count. Right. We did it, my buddy and I, I think it's 60. Wow. They were in, you know, I went to Cal from 83 to 88. So they just played so much Kaiser and, you know, it was mail order tickets or buy one outside. It was 15 bucks. And it's so weird 'cause we look back now and we're like, we should have gone to more. Yeah. But we also knew, and I think, you know, I I I wondered the same like we knew in that moment we're seeing, you know, not just history, but that Jerry it was just a different Yeah.


Thing that was going on. Yeah. How many did you get to? Well, I mean, I've never, I'm too young to have gone to True Grateful Dead. Yes. 'cause we're, I'm 39. Oh yeah. But I've been to every iteration basically since Phil Leschen friends in the early two Thousands. Nice. But, so you gotta see like Peak Brent, I saw Peak. I love, I love Brent. I saw Peak Brent and Yeah, I know you and I are aligned on that. That is my wheelhouse. Yeah. So Jerry had the, Jerry almost died in 86 and went into a diabetic coma. They took months off. He had to relearn how to play the guitar. And Dennis McNally, their longtime publicist who was right very close, has told me that he always felt Jerry after that was like a great pitcher who'd lost his fastball.


Still amazing. And hit moments. But the speed, it just wasn't So, if, if I had a wheelhouse, I would say, you know, Brent, like once he started rounding into Forb, let's say 82 Yeah. To Diabetic Coma, which is summer of 86. Yeah. But it's all, yeah. So it's all, it's All one song. Yeah. What about you? Do you have a relationship with Aaron Rogers? Yeah, I just did a, I just actually did two columns on him. One of 'em, I went out to Jersey and hung with him during training camp. And so, you know, he's a Cal guy. Yeah. I met him, you know, coming outta Cal. He almost, you know, gave me my life quest, which is to see my team go to the Rose Bowl, which I think we all agree is Yeah.


Gotten even harder. Yeah. And, you know, he's been really good to me over the years. I, I think we probably diverge now on some certain things. You know, I saw you guys at Tahoe. I saw him going in there. It was great interview. I, my favorite part was when you were talking about the doctor's assessment of the Achilles and you said something to the effect of, so you were just trying to get them to make it seem like you could come back. Yeah. Yeah. He was, he did it for the whole season and he took the, he took the Jets hostage a Little bit, but how you, you guys did pretty well, right? Yeah. Yeah. He's, I mean, he's an interesting cat.


He's a, i, I didn't like him forever because he obviously tortured me. Right. But now that he's on the Jets side, yeah. Like watching him play now is a little, it's kind of fun being like, oh, he's doing the same tricks where he gets everyone off sides and throws a touchdown there, you know, Lazar and it's like, I can't be mad about this anymore. Right. I, I mean, I see Christian McCaffrey in that night or locker room constantly. And you know, as a C guy, I love him, but I've always regretted it because I was doing this story on Ed McCaffrey for Si and they only had two kids at the time, and Ed is a great dude, but not a great quote. But his wife Lisa is hilarious. She's the one whose dad was an Olympic spreader.


And she said in the story, we're Ed and I are breeding fast white guys. Which turned out to be true. It's, it's in the si story. You can look it up. So we're in their kitchen and the two boys are running around Max and Christian. I can remember the scene vividly and I've always kicked myself that I didn't sweep the leg because yes, I probably would've done some jail time, gotten my ass kicked And. it would've been frowned upon, probably would've got fired. Yeah. But God, it would've saved me so much misery. Yeah. We didn't tackle that guy for three years. Yeah. I Mean, it was terrible. He was so good at Stanford. Ugh. Alright, well, Mike, thank you so much. It's been awesome, man. We, we really appreciate you coming by and everyone go by the book.


It's football history, you're reading football history as it happens too. That's the cool part about the book is it's not only history, but it's still going on. Yep. I totally appreciate it. And I feel like this adds to our origin story because we always have the Blues Bar and Jeff Darlington desperately trying to keep us from feuding. Yeah, Well you kept on saying Hugh Jackson got screwed, And. It's like he won one game in, in two years. You can say, you can say a lot of things about Hugh Jackson and you can say a lot of things about me, but at least please say that I'm a good friend. You Are a good friend. Yeah, you are. You're actually too good of a friend. Yeah. And I think It's arguable that I'm too good of a friend. We, We get that same criticism like we have, we have guys that are our guys and we'll defend them to the ends of the earth.


People Get Mad. Yeah. My favorite part of my favorite part of the whole thing was Jeff is, I mean Jeff was very, you know, we're very close. So Jeff was giving me that look like you are not allowed to not, you know, you and I were already cool, but he was, he was just giving me like, you're not allowed to not be cool with this guy. Like, like I kept on just pressing you. You, but he also, he was also kind of coming at you, but my favorite part was you got so mad and then you said, I could get Jared Goff not to speak to you. Yeah, that's right. I was gonna cut you off. And Jeff's like, I don't think that's true. Yeah. I, he, he told me after, he was like, no, you couldn't. I was like, yeah, I, I I took a bluff. But I did love the energy. I, I remember like, I kind of stepped back. I was like, wow, this guy doesn't play.


But yeah, I would U Jackson. But if we bring odor Raks back, I will literally credit this moment because I've toyed with him in my head. I would, I would love it. But I I will, I will probably unveil it to you guys first. Yes. Yes. I like that. Yeah. Yes. People Deserve to know. All right, well thanks so much Mike. Appreciate so much. Thanks guys. Thanks Mike.


Mike Silver was brought to you by Chevy. There's a reason we've never done the Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because for part of my pickup, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado is a partner. It's a partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year at Grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition that they deserve with a low man award. And this year, Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit, legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out. Got massive screens up to eight cameras, 14 different views. It makes driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or your Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover, world of strength and capability. All behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


All right, let's wrap up. Guys On. Chicks Henry hit us. I've been talking to this guy for some time and I recently learned all his friends call him the Roach. I really don't like the name, especially when one of his friends yell, how's your roach? Which I don't really understand at all. While I really don't like it, it's a strange reason to stop talking to him since I do like him. So should I ask him to drop the roach tag or just try to embrace it? Thanks. That's a scummy nickname. Yeah. It Not, it's not good. Yeah. 'cause either a bug or it's the end of a a joint. Yeah. He might be a pothead. That would be better. Yeah. He should lie to you and tell you it's because he used to smoke a lot of weed. I don't Do that shit anymore. It's kind of a badass thing named though. Roach.


Yeah. Roach. But Roach is a guy that you call in like once every other month to hang out. Yeah. When you really want to go slumming Roach Though. Roach is not a guy that you would trust to be like your best man at your wedding. It'd be an usher. Yeah. And she'd be like, here, hand out these and he'd probably forget. Yeah. My girlfriend recently asked me about the typical placement of max of men of men at a urinal. When she saw an Instagram video, she did not understand the concept. I explained it to her like, each urinal is its own parking spot and you as a person are the vehicle trying to park. I had to tell, I had her tell me where she would park herself if it was a parking lot and mimic the video.


It still did not make sense to her. Did I explain it wrong or or is she dumb? You usually want to give, If you have an extra space, you Take the extra space. No parking spot. Makes sense. You would never park next to someone if there's no, if there's two open spaces. Yeah, I do. I mean, every now and then, it's funny if you have like a full empty and Next Yeah. You go right next to the guy. Like one time I was at the Sirius XM studio and Ed Sheeran was taking the lead. What at the urinal Ed? Wait, the Ed Sheeran. Yeah. Ed Sheeran. But this was, it was like he was starting to blow up. It was 2015. Holy fuck. Do You know who it Was though? I did not know who it was until, until later. But we ended up peeing at the same like right next to each other at the Urinal.


Shut the fuck up. I, I lied. We both did not end up peeing. I was peeing and I was peeing like full stream. And then Ed poor Ed couldn't squeeze out any pee. So he really was trying to pee and he started spitting into the urinal and I dominated him at the urinal. And then he had to do the fake flush. Like he flushed the urinal like he peed but he didn't pee. And then he washed his hands like he peed. He did not pee and then just left sad. And I knew he still had to pee, but he couldn't do it 'cause he was intimidated. How have you never told us this? I don't know. Pretty Insane. Insane. It's a Wild story. Yeah. Parking space though. That works. It's Actually a great analogy. Yeah. Hi. My boyfriend told me to text this number. I saw his fantasy football team name is Hawk Tua spit on my chub.


I think it's weird to have a sexual name, but he insists it's a normal thing. And it's just funny because there's a guy named Tua and a guy named Chubb on his team. Should I be concerned? You should be concerned because it's unoriginal. Yeah. I think we predicted right when the Hawk Tua video. Yeah. But if That Was a top fantasy name, if you have two name your Team, you, but everyone's named Hawk Tua. You name your team. But he, he A little added a little extra to the, with the chub Spit on this chub. Does he have Chubb too? Yeah. So he just got, what is he doing with his IR spot? He's got a shitty team. That's, that's the Big red flag flag fan. Yeah. He's very bad at fantasy football. My fantasy team name has just been Jim Bob Coer for the past 10 years. Respect, Just, no, no pun just his name. I I, I've decided that I'm just going to start naming my fantasy teams.


'cause everyone's like, oh, you gotta change your name every year I'm gonna start naming my fantasy teams. Like I'm six years old so my fantasy team name is the Scorpions. That's pretty cool. Yeah. Isn't It? Or you could name your team just a real name. Like that's Bob. Yeah. I also You can do That's I just, I just said I did that. Yeah. Jim Bob Coer. Yeah, Jim Bob. But just give it like One first, but even that's Yeah, but you're Trying to do you doing sexual? Yeah. But's Jim, Bob Coer also. But The Coer is why you named it Jim Bob. It's, it's a funny name. It's Jim Bob and Jim. Bob is also a funny first Name. Some, some leagues you can just do an emoji. So like one year I was just a Wolf. That's pretty sick. Badass. Yeah. Mine's DeNucci Maine. Nice.


Yeah. I, I would highly recommend though just like go back to being like a seven year, like next year. You know what I'm thinking right now? I might change one of my team's names to the firetruck. I just realized we basically just do fantasy football names every Sunday for boomers. That's true. Yes. Yeah. That's exactly what we Do. That's exactly what we do. There's probably a lot of people with fantasy names from boomers. Yeah. Remind us to do the hawk to a joke this week on Boomers. Yeah. Yeah. It's about time She's topping us in the charts. Actually talk to is a monster, but, But neither of those two players are gonna play this Week. It would've been awesome, but should do it. It would've been perfect last week because it was Hawks. Yeah. Dolphin. It would've been Hawk Tua shit. Damn.


Damn. We'll never get that moment back. Okay, Hank last one. This one said, Hey Mo dang cat. PFT Commanders and Autumn of Hank. My boyfriend and his friends have a weekly scheduled FaceTime every Friday night. He says it's there, it's time to catch up and cook up something in the lab for sports for the weekend. They just end up taking shots of beer every time the song changes for hours. This means we can never go out on Fridays as a couple. Ah. And I have to, to leave the house if I don't want to hear them screaming about fancy football or the malware warm dipping sauces. What? What is this normal guy bonding. I feel like this is just an excuse to get drunk. Should I be concerned and will I ever get my boyfriend back for Friday nights? Was this guy was in a Frat?


Was this email from 2020? Thank you. Yeah. You got Ang ang supremacy shirts in the bar. Shorts. It says she. Where is Ang Ang supremacy? China. China. This feels like An op, maybe Taiwan. I dunno. Feels like a psyop. I love Ang. Have you guys seen pesto? That's how they get you. Have you seen Pesto? No. Who's Pesto's A Who is Ang for maybe the Ang is a, a Pygmy hippo. That is the cutest fucking hippo ever. I think Pygmy Hippo. I don't know. Little Baby Hippo. I think it's Pygmy Pilar sent me that shirt last week and then she told me that the Philly's NL e's championship shirt was also in that box. So unfortunately I couldn't touch it until today.


Oh, okay. That makes sense. So go by Ang the cutest Ah, pesto is a penguin. That is a baby penguin that is like two times the size of his parents. So it's a a unit. It's a giant, it's A unit. Yeah. But baby penguins are furry so he looks different. It's cool. Pesto's awesome. Oh Yeah. Pestos pretty pesto. Rocks. Pesto shield. I listen. I like Muang. I enjoy the picture pictures. Sounds like you don't of muang, but it seems like everybody loves Ang and it's a little convenient that it might be Chinese propaganda. That's Fine. I don't care. Okay. This guy, this is a Covid email. He just, she just emailed from Covid. That was 2020. Yeah. Like getting a group of guys organized for FaceTime that often is was wild.


That was, I remember doing it a few times with my friends when Covid was happening. And, it was nice, but as soon as we were able to go outside, which was like three weeks later, we were like, all right, that's over. Yeah, this is, it's really strange to schedule this on a Friday too. Yeah. And just get drunk staring at your screen. Yeah. Very weird. Had to be a frat. Yeah. Had to be a frat. Okay. Good. Show boys. Good show. Friday. We're gonna do NFA week four. Excited. Yeah. Well, let's finish with numbers. 5 9 3 5 18 11. Number five PFT and memes. Have you ever gotten this? No, I haven't, but, but I'm about to get it.


I've never Daniel. 6 0 0 9. Oh nine. Sorry. Let's go. Shit. You said nine. Dang. Yeah. Oh shit. Oh, fuck you Hank. Oh damn. That turned God damnit. You fucking Sucked in your face. Felix. Drink me sucks. Damn. Good job Hank my daughter, baby. Nine. Hell yeah. Woo. Happy for you. Very happy for you, Hank. Thanks. Feels good to win. Do do. What was it? No dude. What? What'd you do Max? Or what winner? I win and then he lost. That's actually the, the mark of a true winner. The way that Hank reacted. He was just like, cool. Yeah. Cool. Oh, nice. Nine. Yeah. Well you gotta talk some shit.


Love you guys.