
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have our good friend Brooks Koepka and Taylor Gooch, professional golfers on live tour in studio. They were here this weekend, so we figured we have to have Brooks on 'cause he's our good friend. We are going to talk a lot of football, a full weekend preview, some picks, some storylines, some tangents, everything. We're gonna talk Thursday night football to have got concussed. The bills looked awesome. And then we have a fire fest.


And if you're lactose intolerant, get ready for the fire fest. It is all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings TD Tudy, taking it to the house in for six. whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure. Touchdowns more matter more. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or defense. We don't care how they score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and DraftKings. Sportsbook is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet Try betting on something simple like a player To. score a touchdown. Go to the DraftKings Sports book app. Make your bet today Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings customers bet Five bucks to get two 50 in Bonus bets instantly and get one month of NFL plus premium. I'm thinking on Sunday. Sunday, Sunday. Sunday. CD lamb is too easy. Is it not? CD lamb's a good player CD lamb is too easy. you know what? Marvin Harrison jr's gonna score his first touchdown. Oh, I like that. Yeah. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get two 50 in bonus bets when you bet Just five bucks. and get one month of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. Yeah. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get two 50 in bonus bets. when you bet Just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Friday, September 13th and No one circles the wagons like the Buffalo Bills.


Buffalo Bills and two have got concussed. So we were taping the weekend preview for the second half of the game. We saw it happen live. It's bad. I really don't remember anyone having as bad of injury luck, concussion luck. Like Tua. It sucks so bad. Antonio Brown. Antonio Brown. Bad. He now I hope Tua is okay. It was bad because the, the fingers happened again. I, and yeah, it just sucks. I don't really know what to say other than it sucks. He wasn't playing well up into it. We probably should talk about the game. The bills look awesome. Yeah. And, we were saying it during the game. I know that this podcast gets accused of Josh Allen glazing.


I don't think there's a guy besides Patrick Holmes that you would take over. Josh Allen. Yeah, Josh Allen is really good though. The knock against him is, he's not Patrick Mahomes. Correct. And he is lost tough games to Patrick Mahomes, some of which were on his defense entirely. And not on him, but, but he is, he's very, very good still. Yeah. So don't worry about Josh Allen. He's going to be great this year. Again. I hope he stays healthy. He's got, he's playing with that giant glove on it. It's like the hamburger helper hand died on his, on his wrist. It was massive. So I don't think his left hand is healthy, but, but he's like, you know what, I'm a gamer. I'm gonna go out there. I'm gonna play. And he played awesome. Yeah. And he's played awesome in two games so far. And this was supposed to be kind of a reset year for the Bills. They don't have Stefan Digs anymore.


Gabe Davis is in Jacksonville. Like all that stuff. He, he's still Josh Allen. Yeah, that's, that's what, that's what having a franchise quarterback looks like on the other side before UA got hurt. The dolphins are still the dolphins in the fact that they can't beat the Buffalo bills. And I don't know, like usually we don't see this Dolphins performance until later in the season. Maybe they got outta the way. The good news is we're not gonna call them frogs. Yeah. But they didn't, they they did not look good. Yeah, They looked Bad. They, they did not look good. They look bad. They looked terrible on defense. The offense didn't look good. The end of the first half was just crazy to me. Watching what McDaniel was doing with the clock. He Gave up. He gave up at the end of the first half.


He was, he was playing for a field goal at that at originally. I thought he was just trying to run out the clock with three minutes left. Yeah. Because I think three, maybe three minutes, 15 seconds went off the clock and they were down to like, I don't know, the 35 yard line And. it was like a full field drive. It's like, I don't even know. That's a, that's a long drive just to gain those 50 yards in general. Yeah. Not to mention that you have timeouts and it's the end of the half. Just very, very strange the way he was calling the end of that half. Yeah. And Tua Looked, Tua looked bad in the first half when he played first. Interception was not his fault. He actually threw a perfect pass. It's a great pass. Seaver just didn't turn in time. Yep. Second one, I'm sure there was a miscommunication, but he air mailed one over Robbie Cho's head and then the game was kind of over when they went for it on fourth and two at like the 47 yard line.


And he got sacked And. it was just like, yeah, this is, the bills are just better than the Dolphins. I, I will stand with the Dolphins fans and say that the NFL fucked you by having to play the bills at a night game. Yeah. You lose the advantage of the sun. Although It did look so hot and sweaty. It looked hot. It looked very humid before the game too. It looked like he had played a full game already. Yeah. He was just sweating his balls off. And it was also, I liked the Dolphins uniforms tonight. Love 'em. I liked the Dolphins uniform. The throwbacks and the throwback end zones. Those are quality uniforms. Yeah. Very good. Prime time uniforms now for Tua. I am very glad that Tua got a contract this season. Yeah. Because yeah, now it takes all the financial reasons away from Tua for him to decide whether or not he wants to keep playing football.


Yeah. So if he wants to keep playing football, it's not because he needs it for the money to set himself up for the rest of his life, his kids up, whatever that case may be. He doesn't have to think about that at all because he's set financially. Yeah. I don't know what's gonna happen. But I would not be surprised if he was like, I'm done playing football because what, this is the third time that we've seen the fencing reflex from him. Yeah. It's bad. And So when he can He at least wear a guardian cap. I don't know if this would've helped here also, we should mention it was DeMar Hamlin, which is a weird occurrence. Crazy that it was to his head and DeMar Hamlin's chest. Yeah. Yeah. It was weird. But yeah, I, I, I agree with you. I don't know what the future is, but this does feel like, and maybe it's because two of them happened in Prime time and that is just part of the psyche of it.


Of like, we saw it twice in Prime time. And. it just feels, it feels like if it happens on a Sunday, your eyes are everywhere. You kind of miss it. Oh, you see the replay. It it maybe, but it happened on Prime time twice. And we've we're sitting here being like, what is he, is he okay? Like there's bigger things in football and I don't know, he can't make a decision right now. And I hope he keeps playing football. But it's scary the fact that he's been concussed this badly this many times. I think it's a fair point. And you could say that if every game was played in Prime Prime time, there would be a lot more guys that would be concerned about. Correct. 'cause we would've seen all the concussions that happened. And with Tua in that other Prime time game, didn't he get like, it was clear that he was concussed, he was out On a stretcher?


Well, it was clear that he was concussed and he stayed in the game and then he got more concussed. I think it was the week before he was con Oh yeah, you're right. You might be right. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. So like we, something like that. There's been a lot of, a lot of very like blatant in your face concussions Yeah. For Tua. So yeah. I'm just glad that he can make his decision about whether or not he wants to play and not have to worry about having to play to make money. Yeah. But the bills are good. Yeah. The bills are good. The Bills are still good. Bills are very good. Yeah. And they, and again, it's, it's impressive that they've done it at least through two weeks. Obviously a very long season. But this was supposed to be a reset. They were underdogs tonight. Josh Allen didn't have to throw the ball a ton. I mean, the game, the game script, it's like, if you look at his stats, it's not like he lit it up.


He threw 139 yards passing. But if you watched the game it was more because they were in such control. Yeah. Basically from the second quarter on that they could just run the ball and control The clock. And James Cook had an awesome game. Yeah. Three touchdowns for James Cook. James Cook was Awesome. He was great tonight. And the, the Dolphins defense looked very soft. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. The other story, before we get to our weekend in preview, Shannon Sharp. Yeah. Shannon goes live on IG now. I guess we should set the table for people that don't know what we're talking about. Yeah. On Wednesday afternoon, Afternoon delight, Shannon Sharp went live, went live on Instagram, rocketed night And.


it was a sound of, which seemed to be a man and a woman engaged in a perfectly natural physical act. Healthy physical act that thousands if not millions if not billions of people do And. it was live for a couple minutes and then it turned off and everybody got to listen to Onk having sex. Onk has turned into Poppy. Yeah. And he, the grunts are what were something else. Oh, he did You think he wasn't gonna grunt? Yeah. Oh, I had Shannon pegged as a grunt From Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. He sounded like a Denver brunch. He was like growling. Yeah. He was growling and grunting and naying. That's a passionate man. He still got it. Still got it.


Still got it. And Again, I didn't think it was anything less. Yeah. 'cause those are sounds, I don't know if I've ever heard That's a stallion right there. Yeah. All Things. I liked how he, I liked how he, his instant reaction was to go hacked. Yeah. No, that just shows that whenever someone says they're hacked, they're not hacked. They just fucked up. I don't, I still don't really understand how, 'cause it is a couple steps to go live. Yeah. How he did that. So I listened to his podcast that he did last night with Ochocinco, and his explanation was that he's never been live on Instagram before. Oh. He's never done it. And he had his phone and he tossed his phone onto the bed and then he was having sex, then his other phone was getting FaceTime calls, phone calls left and right while he was boning.


Didn't pick those up, but he picked one up later and they said, Hey, we can hear you. You're having sex. Oh. And he was like, how? I have no idea how. And he went to his phone and he's been live on ig. So now, now I'm terrified. Now I'm scared that, but this is a ticking time bomb. Well, you have to have sex. Yeah. This is a ticking time bomb that I've got in my pocket. And. it, I could be, I would be caught doing way more embarrassing stuff than having sex. Yeah. I do think it is. Like, he's only, only, he's old. So there's that where it's like he, he's old enough where it's like he could just accidentally have gone live. But it is, there's like multiple steps to going live on Instagram that it's not like you just like dropped your phone And it accidentally went live.


Right. Yeah. Like there's three to four clicks that have to be Clicked. Right. And he does have a lot, like a very, very popular show. And. it did get a lot of people talking about it. So there's a little bit of a Paul Pierce, by the way. Yeah. He did that to himself. Well, No, no. Paul Pierce. No. Paul Pierce, his mistake was he didn't fuck. Right. He, he didn't even fuck. All he did was, yeah. But I think if you fuck then like It was Friday night, he was having a couple drinks with some friends. Yeah. But he gotta a fuck who happened to be Strippers? Did you miss the part about perfectly normal, healthy adult behavior. You gotta fuck. Right. He got fired. He got fucked. Yeah.


Paul Pierce did. Yeah. Yeah. But he, his problem was he didn't have sex. He should have gone all the way to sex. If he had had sex, he wouldn't have gotten fucked. Right. Because That, like, if Shannon Sharp stayed with the, I got hacked thing, or I was, I don't know the, the, I felt bad for Paul Pierce. All things considered. Of course you did. Yeah. Yeah. That was your big takeaway. All things considered him getting hacked. His Instagram live was way funnier. The Instagram live for Shannon Sharp actually makes him seem a lot cooler. Like I said. Still got it. Yeah. Still got it. The still got it. The man fucks. And he's, he's a passionate guy. Like I, Like I said, those are sounds I don't, I'm not Familiar with.


Yeah. This is why Skip and Ernestine sleep in separate rooms. Say Ernestine might have to, might have to rebuttal. Oh my God. No, that's, that's why they sleep in mouth. Different bedrooms. That would be funny though. He, oh, skip. He's just fucking in. No, he is only wearing the Ezekiel Elliott jersey. Yeah. Skip and Ernestine doing a comparable video. Would just be Skip like laying in bed with her. Like, see we're in the same bed. I bet you skip it Kissing lightly on the Lip. I bet he gets his ass eaten Either way. Shannon Sharp ruled like 24 hours of internet. Yeah, it was great. Yeah. I'm walking into Skip Bayless's bedroom. He's got his legs over his head. Oh man. Alright. Should we get to our weekend preview?


Let's do it. Weekend preview.


Okay. Before we get to our weekend preview Coors Light. There's no sports experience. Quite like the rivalries between college football teams. And now on Saturdays you can get even closer to the action With Coors Light and DraftKings Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for the free to play college football. Pick 'em pools where you pick winners for a chance to win big. But when the rivalries heat up, choose chill and then reach for an ice cold. Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill, there's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you. When things heat up, it's a good time to choose chill. And then crack open A Coors Light. I'm gonna have some Coors Light this weekend on Saturday. Saturday just got hotter. But you can choose Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 plus eligibility restrictions. Apply void, wear prohibited C terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors light. Pick them. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Okay, boys, week two. Let's get into some games. Good slate. Great slate. I'm excited. We got football. We got football. Be thankful for Football. It's just like, you know, week one you get all the jitters out. Week two, it's ready to go. We're ready to roll. Yeah. Week one doesn't mean anything. Week one doesn't mean anything except, unless you're worried. No, no. It doesn't mean anything then It means something. We have three games late this, this week. So we're gonna have the, we're gonna have to really, the, the witching hour is gonna be, I thought they changed that. I think it's coming soon. I thought they made like a whole announcement. I think they made announcement, but it might've been like starting week, like six or something.


They might've been like, get off our back announcement kind of thing. We Know this sucks. Yeah. But we're still gonna do it. Yeah. Alright, so let's hop into the games. We're gonna do our picks. We're gonna have a TD parlay for the people. Let's start with Saints of Cowboys. America's Game of the Week. Cowboys are one and Oh and Tom Brady Games. That's a fact. Yeah. Yeah. So Tom old Tom's gonna get another crack at it. I think he's probably taken some of this criticism to heart and he's, he's gonna try to improve. But the biggest winner actually in Tom Brady's debut is Tony Romo. Yes. Well, Greg Olson. Greg Olson. Greg Olson. Greg Olson. Winner number One. Biggest one. Greg Olson.


Literally saw dollar Signs. Yeah. When Tom Brady had his week one performance Winner number two would be Tony Romo. Because it doesn't seem like Tony Romo was that bad. No, I I was thinking about it. What continue, Tom Brady should, Fox has a lot of money. If they were smart, they should just hire Max Kellerman to be on Tom Brady's staff and just be like, Tom Brady's over the hill. He can't get it done. He can't get it done. He can't get it done as an announcer. Now the One thing that was interesting, and it's not in defense of Tom Brady, but I don't understand why Fox hasn't fought harder for this. Tom Brady is not allowed to do the pre-game interviews Yes. Teams. Because he wants to be an owner.


Yeah. And, And they basically, his, I think Burkhart is who he's with. Yep. Was like, yeah, that's a, that's a big deal. It is a big deal. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's a big deal. Not knowing like what the teams are gonna want to do. Talking game plans with the coaches, all that stuff. It was also unlucky for Tom that he had to do a game where one quarterback was actually playing terribly. Yeah. And in his very first game, if that game had been like week six or seven, 'cause we want to hear Tom talk about football naturally. We wanna hear Tom Brady be Tom Brady like he was in his living room where he'd probably be like, this guy can't get it done. Yeah. But the fact it was his first game probably made it so much more harder for him to criticize a quarterback that was playing openly. Stickly. Yes. Yes.


Openly stinky. Openly stinky. I have a prediction for this game. Okay. Well, not really a prediction 'cause I'm for, for Saints at Cowboys. This might be a fraud bowl. Ooh. Because Both teams look really good in week one. We don't know where the teams that are playing against that bad. Probably. Well, I don't know if the Cowboys, yeah. I, I I think the Cowboys gonna win this game because they are the kings of September and October. Mike McCarthy in September, October is 71, 48 and three against the spread. Also, Dennis Allen, after a win, a straight up win is five 16 in, in two against the Spread. Interesting. I though this game, to me it's, it's really The Panthers didn't pressure Derek Carr.


Derek Carr, who we like under pressure is it's a big drop off. He's, you know, they have those advanced stats like, you know, clean pocket versus under pressure and Yeah, of course. Actually there's a couple guys who actually get better under pressure. I think Joe Burrow might be one of them, but he goes from 112.3 rating to 73.1 when pressured. And the Cowboys defensive line is all about the pressure. Yeah. They're turn the heat up. Yeah. They're, they were pretty, pretty excitable last week. They were getting after Deshaun. I have another stat for you. Okay. So Clint Kubiak. Yeah. Right. He's gonna be on the sideline again. We think. We think we're not sure. But their offense is a lot different this year than it was last year. So they had 28 plays and the running plays that use pre-Snap motion.


Right. They got 137 yards on pre-Snap motion runs. And that's more than any of their other games in 2023. Ooh. So they're putting a new wrinkle there. They're Doing some new Stuff. They're doing new stuff out there. I have a, I have a staff guys. Let Hank stat of the week Outta The week. I think Tom Brady's gonna be fine. Oh, okay. Okay. I think people, it's Gonna be unbiased, Reversed Tony Romo where everyone was sucking Tony Romo's Dicks so hard in the beginning that it made people flip. Whereas now because Tom Brady's so fresh, people are tearing him down so hard. Once he gets good, people are gonna love him. Yeah. It's kinda like Ryan Poll making a really bad trade when he became gm Chase Claypool of the Bears Genius move. And then everything that he does after that, it's like, this guy's Awesome. He did the cha the Chase Claypool was actually, I could make the argument that Cha Ryan Paul's trading for Clay Chase Claypool using a second round pick was the smartest trade he's ever made.


Go on. Because then it led to everyone else being like, this guy doesn't know what he's doing. And then he made all the other trades that have all been Dynamite because everyone else thought that they were getting a Chase Claypol type trade. Correct. Yeah. They PFTI think that you don't like the Cowboys. You've hated the Cowboys your whole life. I think you have to be a Cowboys fan on Sunday. Why is that? So Jake Ferguson is hurt. The Cowboys have a few different, he might play, he, they have a few different backup tight ends. But I did some deep diving into what they might do. And Brian Schottenheimer, the offensive coordinator for the Cowboys, said, you guys see the way we're using Hunter Lepke.


Hunter Leke, hunter Lepke, Hunter Lepke, Former Lowman Trophy winner, he's 2022 Lowman Trophy. He said, I mean Hunter Hunter Lepke does not get enough credit for what he does for our offense. I think he's, I think he's a steal. We were able to get him where we got him. He then revealed during the season opener that there was a quick toss sweep to the right that Lepke had not even practiced and made it work. One of the more physical players we have this guy, he's physical, he loves contact, he's a low leverage player. Yeah. And it's not just the initial strike. It's the ability to sustain and stay low with leverage and strain and knock people back. I think he's gonna maybe play tight end if Jake Ferguson's out. He he could, he could do it all. He lined Up a tight end a little bit against the, the Brown.


So Hunter Lepke, I love him. 'cause he is a great fullback. I hate him for two reasons though. One, because he's a cowboy and two, because he demolished James Madison in the playoff. I think it was 2022. Yeah. And Just, that's when he won the Low man Just absolutely destroyed us. Yeah. So, but I do, I do like him as a fullback. Yeah. I respect his position. I respect his craft. He is kind of like the way that he's described right there. I would also describe him as a working man's Carson Steel. Mm. Carson Steel's a little more flashy. Yeah. He's got the hair going. Hunter Lepke is just, he's as North Dakota as they come. I might just bet Hunter Leke To score a touchdown. They probably won't even list it, but I might do it. I think Did he get a touchdown last year? He might have, but I think they're gonna line him up in tight end If Jake Ferguson.


Jake Ferguson's an important piece. He is. He's, I've dubbed him and it's not biased, but I've dubbed he is Barry Alvarez's grandson. I've dubbed him next up in the tight end community. Okay. Like next year, maybe this year. I Think it Should be this year. He'll be, he'll be part of the, oh no. La Porto's oh two are just through another pick. Pick six. Yikes. The, the La Porta, the Kelsey's the kid's. These guys part of The, the new breed. The the guy like, hey. Sh Well, I mean Kelsey I guess is an old breed, but still very, very good. But the guys in the tight end community, were like, man, this guy is awesome. Yeah, he is good. He's a good player. I'll, I'll admit that. I'll be unbiased when I evaluate Titans and Fullbacks. Yeah. So he, he he'll be important.


Okay, next up we have bucks at Lions. Bakker was awesome. Probably played the best of any quarterback in week one. I Think the Bucks might be the best team in the NFL. Okay. Here's the problem with the Bucks though. They've got a lot of injuries very early. So they have a cluster injury at Cornerback. They lost their starter Zion McCollum, they lost their backup. Bryce Hall. They lost their safety. Antoine Winfield, they're signing guys off the street. They also lost some defensive line guys. I think this is gonna be a problem against a team that one Lions showed the Jameson Williams, he's ready. Two Aman Ross St. Brown is one of those guys that I put in the category.


If he has a bad game, just bet everything the next game that he's going to be awesome. Because we've met him, we've had him on the show. He doesn't feel like the type of guy that takes a bad performance. And it. Obviously he does more than just catching. He, he blocks a lot and he's doing a lot of stuff. He's very physical Week one. Right. But he a, a performance where he doesn't catch the ball a lot or get a touchdown. I feel like he takes that very personally. Yeah, I would agree with that. He gets pissed off at himself and he's like, it's not happening again. I think he should have happen game also the, I was being a little bit facetious about saying that the Bucks are the best team mean in the nfl. Yeah. I'm just saying that because they beat us week one. No, they looked, they Looked Incredible. So I can say to myself, we just lost the best team in football. It's okay. Yeah. The Bucks indoors just never sits right with me.


No. I don't think I've ever bet on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to win an indoor game. No. And the lions are for real. For real. Yeah, they are. I I actually think they didn't, they didn't play a great game against the Rams and won that game. I think they're gonna, Dan Campbell's kind of in the route, St. Brown, where it's like he, if you give him some bad tape, he will use it and they will come out firing. So here's a fun stat. Jared Goff, our friend, three in one against Todd Bull's defenses. Oh, I liked that. Over the course of his career. I like that a lot. The averages gets how many yards passing he averages against tb 2 75. 3 83 Woo. 3 83. Damn. It feels like a, another dome game for Jared. Yes. Jared loves the dome.


Yes. Yes. Yeah. I I like the line. I know the line is ticked up all the way to, I think seven and a half now. But if I had to pick this game, I would probably pick the lions. Yeah. I'm also, week two is a, a big trap week where you have to, you have to realize that what you saw week one is gonna change drastically to Week two. Yeah. Sometimes I just like to erase week one from my memory entirely. Yeah. Because week one doesn't mean anything we can agree on that. Doesn't matter if you won lost week one. Well, It matters if we're, if you're one, oh, we're moving forward. 'cause you can't start better than one. And Oh, we move Forward. We don't look backwards. What happens every single year with how we follow, consume the NFL. We spend all off season talking about what these teams are gonna look like.


Have our preconceived notions. Week one happens and then you throw 'em out all out the window and you say, oh yeah. It's just whatever happened in week one. Don't do that. Don't do that. I will probably do that, but don't do that. I know I'll do that, but don't do that. I could see Bakker just loving Dan Campbell a lot too. Just get, he seems like he seems like he would love to play for Dan B's the best. Yeah, he really is. He's just, I I root so hard for him. Yeah. He Everyone counted him out. Yeah. That actually, with the whole DeShaw thing going on in Cleveland, like, Baker's never looked better before. Yeah. He's How you like me now? That's what he is saying. Seriously. Baker Mayfield. Seriously. Okay, next up Colts at Packers PFT, you already have so told us that you've made a very large wager on the Cols biggest Bet of the season.


I know it's early, but so far biggest be of the season on the Colts. I'm nervous for you. I took 'em at minus three then the line moved to minus two and a half And all the money's on the Colts. All the money's on the Colts. But it's bad. This is strictly a bet against Malik Willis game. And so sometimes we need to remind ourselves that there's, there's 21 other guys that play football on that team. Yeah. But I, I don't think that there are, I don't think that there are 21 other guys. I think it's just an, an entire team of Malik Willis is this week. I feel like the Packers are gonna find a way here. And it's, so I was thinking about it more. The Texans ran the ball very easily on the Cols. Josh Jacobs. I, it was funny when we were watching that Packers Eagles game, Josh Jacobs in the first half looked bad and I kind of walked away from that game.


Like Josh Jacobs, he's not good. I, I looked back at it. He had four yards on, six carries in the first half, and then he had 10 carries for 80 yards in the second half. Yeah. So he, he can still play. And I, I just think that Ma Matt LaFleur's a good coach and he's gonna find a way. Like there's a difference between having Malik Willis come in at halftime and having Malik Willis have eight days getting ready and being like, Hey Malik Willis, this is what we need you to do 'cause you're not good. Well, let Me tell you a little Sad and just try not to do the bad things and we'll make it as simple as possible for you. Little fun fact though about that Malik Willis started three games for the Titans in 2022 and he didn't throw for a hundred yards.


Mm. But he did cover the spread twice. That's important. But this is just two and a half. Yeah. It's just two and a half. Which Is scary because everyone's on the cults. And it went from three and a half to two and a half. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's bad. Really. When I put my biggest bet of the year on a team, that's a pretty good indication. That's probably also the squarest play. Yeah. I just, I, I don't know. I just feel like I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna bet it against you, but like, I just, I feel like we're gonna Sunday night be like, how did the Packers win this game? I'll ride with You. Let's go Anthony Richards. I also Am not a believer in Anthony Richards. I know. People get mad at me for that. I, he, he has incredible play. Did you watch? I'll say it again. I watched the, got all the tools. I'll say it again. I watched the tape. Yeah. There's a lot of, you watched the tape wide open guys missed A lot of guys that fell down.


A lot of wide open guys. Missed a lot of easy throws. Missed I think an it's three. It's back to three. So there you go. Okay. Nice. Nice. It's three I It's gotta make you feel Better. Yeah. It's gotta make me feel better. Yeah. The Anthony Richardson, I get it. I've, I've said this. Colts fans get upset. I get why you he's a project and why you would invest in that type of arm talent. It's just not there yet. At least for me looking at it. I don't think He's like a top five quarterback, but I No, no, no. But he, but I guess the, the problem is he, he scores a shit load of fantasy points. Yep. And he's has the wow plays and then the rest of the game, if you watch the rest of the game, it's like, what's going on here? Man, We should dive into that and see who the, like the all time greats in terms of being awesome fantasy players, but not very good actual football players.


Yeah. Yeah. I Wanna know who, who's the goat in that conversation. Yes. Someone tell us that. Someone Tell us that. I mean Trent Williams or not Trent Williams Richardson. Trent Richardson. I don't think he scored a lot of fantasy. I think there was one season where he may have led the league in touchdown or he had like a lot of touchdowns in one year. But they were all like two yard touchdowns. He did have a lot of those. Yeah. Let's Look it up for that year. That might have been one of the all time great fantasy seasons that did not correlate to Football players to being a good football player. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's gotta be a quarterback. It's a quarterback who can score touchdowns with his feet too. Yeah. It's pretty big. I mean, Justin Fields actually that's, that's the answer. That's the answer. Yeah. Justin Fields was a very good fantasy quarterback last year and not a very good, he scored 11 touchdowns in 2012.


Yeah. 950 yards. That probably didn't lead the league, but it was a lot of Touchdowns. It was a lot of touchdowns. Okay. Yeah. I just don't, I don't know. I don't know this, this is a tough game. There's some tough games out there. What. Do you gonna Oh, it's, nevermind what? It's not a home game. No, it's at Green Bay. Yeah. No, it's at Green Bay. At Green Bay Jets at Titans memes. How are we feeling? Feeling all the way back. All the Way back. All the way back. That was quick. Let's go. Okay. It's also dangerous though. All the way back. Does, does getting, 'cause if you had gotten 60% back, I would think that the emotional crash, if they lost this game, wouldn't be as hard If you're all the way back.


We could have all the way out memes like we did the other day. Yeah. All the, all all the way out. I'm setting myself up in tail game. That's me. Maybe find a middle ground. You know what I, I I love it. Memes. You just love hard. But it's the reason why I'm setting myself up. 'cause I think this is the Correct. See where you're at as a team game. Got it. The, the best comment from Wednesday's episode, someone was like, What do you think's going through Max's head that he's been called the craziest, most irrational fan and the craziest, most irrational fan's been sitting right next to him in the booth this whole time. Yeah, that's a good point. So It Was perfect. The thing is, when, when max loses, it's like what you see is what you get.


I'm gonna let all my emotions out and, and then I'll be able to just clear 'em. Then I'll be clearheaded with memes. It just consumes him. Well I he just, he becomes a loss after the Game. Yeah. I don't even think it would be quiet. Quitting. 'cause it was very loud how he quit. Yeah. 'cause we, we just knew he wasn't here. It Was, it was, yeah. It was so, so memes, you're all the way back. I'm worried about you for this game. I'm all the way back. This is see where you're at as a team. 'cause obviously the 49 ERs probably the best team in the NFL right now. Titan just came. Or the Bucks. The Titans or the Titans defense. The Titans defense is good. That's what I'm worried about for you memes. Te Andre Sweat is a monster in the middle of the field.


And if Aaron Rogers, which I, I, I said it after I watched that game. His arm is still there. But his mobility is clearly limited. Having a guy who's just coming up the middle constantly is, doesn't feel like a good thing for a 41-year-old quarterback coming back from Achilles Injury Facts. Correct. But the ma there is a major key on the Titans defense that's returning this week. And that's Jamal Adams. Oh, okay. So that means guys are gonna be open Blitz boy. So Jamal bl Jamal Adams still in the league. Still in the league on Titan. That's how I found out on Titans. That's how I found out he was still playing. Yep. You guys did it was you fleeced the Seahawks. Oh yeah. A Hundred percent. Or I guess you feathered them, but yeah, it was a, that was a big, big trade for you guys.


Who'd you get for that? I believe it's Garrett Wilson and Elijah. Vera Tucker. Two first round picks. Okay. So what's, what's the latest on Hassan Reddick? He, He's not coming back. Have they talked? They have not talked. They have both dug. You Just not care about money. Yeah. It's kind of weird. Admirable. I said it earlier, but the, the Hassan Reddick. Yeah. He's, he, he's losing $800,000 a game. He's gaining our respect, which is worth $0. Yeah. That's pretty much what's happening. Well I guess he could do like, maybe he could start doing some commercials. Sure. Oh No. Yeah. Yeah. What, what was the Oh no, Tua was concussed. Who? Tua. Tua.


Oh no. Wait, are you ahead of us? Are you way ahead of us? I can't, yeah, he's ahead of us. Oh, that fucking sucks for Tua. Yeah. Like that was another bad one. Ah, Damn It. Let's see what happens. I don't like what they show. Oh, it just got crunched. Was that, that was DeMar. Oh, that would be a good talking point. Alright. Prayer ua. Yeah. Well you've heard us talk about it at the beginning of the show that that just happened live. That's a peek into how we tape these things. Okay. We, we'll talk, we, we've already talked about it, but to Andre Sweat. Can I go back to him real quick?


Wait, what were you saying? Memes about Hassan Reddick. We were saying that he's got our respect, which is worth nothing. Yeah. No. The Hassan Reddick thing doesn't make any sense because he's just losing more and more money every single day that you're never getting back. What about our respect? The respect The respect is good. Okay. But it just $0 worth $0. He might be negative money from us To get Yeah. We're like branding him. If we respect you a lot, that probably is, people will be like, oh, that's ironic. I feel Like this is a guy that Aaron Rogers has to talk to. Aaron Rogers could, could get on the same wave wavelength as a guy that doesn't need money. Yeah. I think somebody, somebody needs to talk to him.


Somebody because I think he just is like, I'm, I'm fine. But he owes over $5 million. Is This bad leadership by yourself? Well, no. He, he doesn't owe it. Aren't you being fined? Don't you owe that? I think he just doesn't get paid It. No, he, I Think he, oh, he got fined. I think what happens is when you sign the new contract, it's non-negotiable. Like that money gets taken out. Got It. Yeah. It's so I think he owes the money, but yeah, I I would say it might be bad leadership on Aaron Rogers' part. Yeah, I would say So too. He's supposed to lead the team hasn't talked to him. Guys a nohow gotta step up. You need some guys to make plays on defense. Gotta step up. Someone needs to talk To him. Someone needs to talk to him. You should talk to him. Memes, reach out to him, hit him up on DM him right now and be like, Hey man, do you need to talk a memes from Pardon?


My Take? I cried on Wednesday or on Tuesday. Can you please hit me up? I'd love to talk. Alright, I'll do it right now. Yes. All right. Alright. Here we go to Andre Sweat. By the way, he Baldy tried to nickname him T-Pain. Okay. And he corrected him And. it was like, Hey Baldy, just so you know, my nickname is Meatloaf. And. it has been for my whole life. That's a good nickname. It's, I mean, he's a big boy. I'd say two of our, our history's all time greatest singers. Meatloaf, T-Pain and Meatloaf. And Meatloaf. Yes. They go hand in hand. Yeah, they should, they should collab together. I think Meatloaf might be dead. I He is dead confirmed. Dead. Yeah. I don't know where will Levi's head is at because that Brian Callahan quote was interesting.


It wasn't good. He said if we'd punted on first and 10 every time we might've won the game. Yeah. And he's not wrong. Although we did block a punt. Could we run those stats? We Blocked a Punt. You could've. So, So you might've blocked four Punts. Yeah, that's probably wrong. But yeah, he, now Brian Callan did say that his mentals are in a good spot. I just think this is gonna be Titans running the ball and playing Titans football and playing defense and mucking it up as much as possible. And if you get three and a half, I'd take them. This Is actually a perfect example of something that happens to every single rookie head coach, which is they say something that's true and that wasn't meant to cause harm. And then when they see it written down online, then they get asked a bunch of questions about it and they're like, shit.


Now I'll just never say anything to you guys. Yeah. So congratulations to Callahan for getting outta the way after one week. Yes. Because Job sometimes it, it takes coaches sometimes six, seven weeks to get to that point. Now he's just reached the spot where he's like, I will not say another word that is remotely interesting to you guys. Yes. Yes. Alright. Niners at Vikings, I was thinking about this. The Niners defense was flying around on Fred Warner. Was Fred Warner. He's incredible. Fred, Fred Warner might be one of the TI I'd say probably top 10 player in the NFL when he's actually on the field. I'd agree with you. Yeah. And, it made me think like back to last year's Niners and I kind of memory hold it because he was used as a scapegoat.


But that Niners defense hated Steve Wilkes. Remember all the comments and like Boa saying that they're just not playing the right defense. And, and there was the comments a, that he was the scapegoat after the Super Bowl and all this stuff. Yep. I feel like they got their swagger back because they, hi. They hired a guy from within Nick Sorenson who was there for Dko. So he's, he knows the Niner way and I think the Niners defense is, it maybe has their swagger back. It did feel like they were playing like they had played when they had Robert Sala and Tamico Ryans as their defensive coordinator. Yeah. Yeah. They looked really, really good against the Jets. And they know Sam Donald And they know, so Sam darn knows the 49 ERs, But he knows Steve Wilkes.


49 ERs. He knows Steve's, but he knows the personnel. He knows the personnel, but he doesn't, doesn't know person. He, he saw someone not use the personnel correctly. What is a bigger advantage in football? One guy knowing 11 guys or 11 guys knowing one guy. I think it's 11 guys Knowing one. You think so? Yeah. I don't know. I think it's 11 Guys knowing one, I I also think that Kevin O'Connell, we fucked up when we did our coaches draft because Kevin O'Connell fell very, very full. He's a very good coach. I think he's much better than we gave him credit for. I agree. And I think that every quarterback should love playing for him. Yeah. I I agree. I just remember the Niners lost in Minnesota last year. It was like the Brock Purdy concussions. It was that We, it was after one of the concussions. It was a weird game. I think it was a Monday night game.


Yeah. There were seven point favorites. Maybe a little revenge. I don't know. I, I like, oh, Skyler Thompson's in. I like the Vikings to cover, but I like the Niners to win. Okay. Okay. I listen, I'm not gonna disagree with you. It's not one of my picks. I also like the entire narrative of Christian McCaffrey being a system running back. Yeah, let's keep that up. Trade him because it does it, it reminds you of some of the Allstar no name guys that played really well for Kyle's dad. Yeah. Where they just put a different guy and after every four weeks they'd rotate a new guy you'd never heard of and he'd have 120 yards on the ground. Orlando Gary Orland. Yeah. Yeah. The, is that One of 'em? Smaller guy? I can't Remember. Mike Anderson. Mike Anderson. Well he was, he was, wasn't he part of the Mile high salute?


Mike Anderson? He might've been, I Wanna say Mike. Yeah. Orlando Gary did play for the, for the Broncos right after they won the Super Bowl. Yeah. They had so many of those guys. Mike Anderson, Reuben Drones. Reuben Drones. Yeah. Wait, lemme see Football. Mike Anderson. I think he was. Yeah, Mike, He was on the Ravens for a little bit. Mike. Yeah, Mike Anderson was, I think he started the Mile high salute 'cause he was a Marine. But I thought the mile high salute goes back to Lake. I thought so too. But I'm pretty sure To Ed McCaffrey, Mike Anderson was in the Marines. Yep. So, I don't know. Let's see. You want to find out? We Gotta figure this out. Yeah. Hank Say Something. No, Hank, Hank just rolled his eyes because he is bored with this line of conversation.


Maybe it was just Mike. All right. So yeah, Terrell Davis did start the mile high salute. Mike Anderson had just meant more 'cause he was a Marine because he actually Marine, I just remember when Mike Anderson would do it and people were like, dude, he actually was a Marine. It hit different when Mike Anderson hit it. Yeah. Right. He was actually saluting. Let's see, Terrell Davis reveals, oh, it's a video. I'm not gonna watch it. What game were we talking about? That was my Ohio salute talk That we were talking about. The Niners and the Vice. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. 'cause we were talking about the, the old school Mike Shanahan running back system where it was just, we do a zone system. If you can make one cut and then run very fast, hold the ball. Don't fumble the ball, then you'll get a hundred yards. Yeah. Seahawks of Patriots Henry. Yes.


You'll be golfing on Sunday. I'll not be. Oh, next Sunday. If no. Oh, maybe. Yeah. Can I? Sure You can. Golf can golf whenever you want. Hank, if you feel like it's a good use of your time to golf. During NFL Sunday, Ryan Whitney And Paul bis. Binette friends of the program. Great friends of the program. Ryan Whitney. Number two. All time Number two. All the time and Guess appearances. I believe it might be one. I think he might be one. I think he might be one too. Yeah. Or I think it's portals. Portals is one. Okay. But he hit me up. He's gonna be in town for surviving Bartol. He said he is trying to find some golf. I said I could maybe help out, but I'll have to ask the bossman.


Okay. So yes. Okay. But this Sunday you don't like football. I'll be locked in. That's Fine. And the, the Patriots and Jets play Thursday night. Exactly. So you and memes Prime time. Exactly. You gotta figure out a mirror's bet for that one. Yeah. How do you feel about this game? I'm excited. Have you thought about this game? That should have been the, that should have been my first question. Have you thought about, did you know you were playing the Seahawks? Yes. Have you thought about playing the Seahawks? Not that much. Okay. So how do you feel the little bit that you have thought about it? How have you thought about It? I'm excited for this game. I'm a little bit confused. I mean, the dolphins are losing. The Jets are ass.


Like I obviously went into the season expecting to be, you know, ass ass bottom of the league rooting for, you know, just looking at the lottery pick, not lottery pick. It's NFL. Yep. But You got it. You, you, you're new to the draft Rooting for a high draft pick. Yeah, it's seven rounds we're One. Oh, now the a FFC East is ass Ass Bills. Well, maybe not ass. Well the bills are ass. Well, I mean it's, I mean the bills aren't ass. The jets are ass. And I don't know if the the Jets are ass yet. I think we have to wait. Remember when we talked about not putting too much stock into one? Yeah. The Jets played the Niners, the Jets might be the perfect, perfect case for not putting too much stock in week one. Yeah. I'd like to see who the Jets play someone other than the 49 ERs.


I'm excited for this game. If the Patriots win, I'll probably be borderline all in. If they lose, I'll probably be going back to just, you know, Golfing. Yeah, no, I'm not. I'm, I mean, if you guys were good, it'd be nice to have Jude on, on the team still, huh? Yeah, Your defense is good. What does all in mean? Yeah, what does all, what does all in look like? Yeah. Yas. And does it mean locked in on Sundays, like excited for games? Yes. I'll tell you like fired up. I'll you exactly what all in means for Hank. It means that he will watch every Patriots game until they lose. Yeah, That's, I was thinking the same thing. And then he is all Out. You're all, if you're all in like a loss, if We're all in, we're going for 10 wins. All in means. We're, we're fighting scratch and clawing for 10 wins in The playoffs.


No. All in you're upset about losses. Yeah. I don't see a scenario this entire year until like, you're fight actually in December. Like every game is a playoff game. You won't care when this team loses. I, I wanna encourage this behavior though from Hank. so if you win this weekend, you're all in. I just don't believe him. Look at his face. I can't even really see it. No, I Don't care. It's horrible. As I went through this whole off season of just, you know, preparing, being All out, You Were excited for a football season where you didn't really care about your team. All Right. so if you win this weekend and then you beat the jet. Yes. Look at 'em and then you beat the Jets. You're three and oh, you're all in. It's answer the question. Alright. This is, this is answer the, probably the question hater. Hank, this is probably hater Hank or this is probably Hater Hank hand up hater Hank, as much as I want the Patriots win, I just want to be better than the Jets and the Dolphins.


Okay. That's fair answer. Answer That, that, that, that gets me going. I'm not gonna Lie. I thought you were gonna say Commanders. No, no. I Thought you were gonna say like To be better. No, because Drake May was playing then it'd be like, I wanna be better than the Commanders and the Bears. But that's not really, that doesn't really matter in this Scenario. Right? Yeah. You just wanna be better than at least two teams in your division. I Do love with the most annoying fan bases, especially in this office and maybe the control booth. The, the, the rivalry that we have cooking right now is, I'm, I'm, I'm just tickled watching happen because, because I have it with Max. I own Oh no, no, no. I own Max. That's not What the rivalry I was talking about. And I would love to have meme too. No, that's not the rivalry I was talking about featuring the Super Bowl. The rivalry I'm talking about is we've been doing this podcast for eight plus years now.


We're a football podcast. First and foremost, our fans are football guys. They love football. They're diehard football fans. The rivalry of Hank not really caring about football verse our fans is so funny to me. The Kent State, Pittsburgh, people don't forget being all in, all out on week two of the NFL season. It's great. Be yourself. Yeah. I always have that. I I like I always will be. I like You like clarifying that you, if you can, if the Patriots aren't good, as long as you can be better than the Dolphins and the Jets, you will get satisfaction. That's funny to me. I don't think that's an honest answer. Hank Isn't gonna celebrate that hard if they win, but he, I actually think you celebrate Jets losses harder than you celebrate Patriots wins this year.


Yeah, That's kind of what I'm saying. Saying that happens. Yeah. I mean I have listen, guilty as charged when it comes to the Packers losing in the playoffs. Like that's a fact. If the Bears stink, which they have for a long time. Yeah. I get a lot of satisfaction. Like I get some sick satisfaction about the fact that I have six Super Bowls. I have all the, the championships. I've kept the light. I've led the team out of the tunnel. No And, We you turned, you rang a bell. I Kept the light. Where Is it? Do you have it? Is it on right now? So they didn't let you keep it? No, but I kept it when it was there. When I was there. When I was there, I made sure that I kept it and, and then we have these jets, And, we have these Dolphins fans that are just living and dying with every play, every snap, every game.


And to be you Talking about football fans to Be better than them would just, would be, would be nice. Hank wants to be better than the people that care about their teams. Yeah. Yeah. I get it. Yeah. Again, That's, that's hater Hank and, and, and, and I know people are gonna get mad hearing this, but it is what it is. That's just how I feel. Because you're Like, I just show up and they win and I don't even do anything. And it's awesome. And you put your heart and soul into your teams and you, you study, you read articles about 'em during the week, you know exactly what's gonna happen. you know, everybody's number, even the offensive lineman, even the backup d line that they, they switch in and outta the games and you care so much and then they lose. And I don't have to deal with that 'cause I'm a winner. Yeah. Yeah. Youre such an asshole. You're so good at being an asshole. I was just gonna say, you're so good at, at being An asshole.


I don't, yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't want to do It. No, no, no. You have to like, go like, it's good for your brand, it's great what you're doing, you are, is great for your brand and being the fucking worst. Yeah. Right, Right. No, you know what he is Right. He's a meat shield For Us. Yeah. No, it's great. Hank is spoiled. No shit. You're so spoiled. Yeah. I mean, it's not Yeah. City of Champions. What are you talking about? So spoiled. Okay. As for this game, I, I, the Seahawks played so bad in that first half against the Broncos, and I think their defense is good. Mike McDonald is a, I'm, I mean, he was a good defensive coordinator. I think he's gonna be a really good head coach. I do think that this is one of those games that the Patriots shocked everyone against the Bengals. This is a harder game because the Seahawks probably have a better game plan and can run the ball.


Yeah. When a team that's not that good, but feisty starts to like, think that they're very good, that's when they're a good time to bet against those guys. And the Seahawks shut down the Broncos run game. so if you take out Bo Nick scrambles, the Broncos ran for 3.2 yards, 20 rushes for 64 yards. The Patriots need to run the, the ball to be able to control this game. How they wanna control it. I think the Seahawks defensive lines up for the challenge. And the Seahawks probably aren't gonna get two first half safeties. I don't know. My guess is, I actually Maybe not. I'm Not gonna rule that out with the way those things happen. And like, calling a play action play in the end zone needs blocking.


I I they might be the safety bet every single week. Yeah. So I thought more about it. And I think the perfect, perfect thing to do for a safety instead of two points, which we agree is not enough points for a safety. Correct. Give The ball to the offense on the one yard line. Yeah. It's it's, or to the other team. Give it to 'em on the one yard line. so if you get tackled in your own end zone, it's a turnover. The other team gets the ball on the one. I think that's too much On the five yard line. I was Saying the 20 No red zone Start of the red zone. I, is it worse? You get three? Because I Want it to be worth essentially five points, but I want the off, I want the other team would to have to do something else with it. I wonder what the, someone has a nerd stat where like if you expected start at this yard line, your expected points are this.


Yeah. Let me see. It's probably around the 25 or something, but Okay. I'm ready for that. Yeah. I'm like, also the Seahawks are not gonna have Marsh on Lynch giving Mike mc or McDonald a massage on the side. Yeah. Neck massage game. Yeah. Okay. Next game. PFT. Yes. Giants of Commanders. Okay. This is the, maybe the game of the week. I'm, I'm surprised that We don't have Tom Brady in the booth for this one. I'll give you some good news if you're a Commanders fan. Okay. Manuel Forbes is out. Oh, That is Good. And he might go on ir, But how bad is his backup to lose the job to Manuel Forbes? I think, I don't think it's not, it's not necessarily Emanuel Forbes was better than the backup.


I think it was. He was drafted out. We have to play a Manuel Forbes to see if he can be good before we make a decision about him. Got it. So he's he's got a thumb injury and you can't play football with a bad thumb. Yeah. So he's out. Well, he couldn't play good football with a good thumb. Maybe he'd be Yeah. He might be better. It's than the injured thumb. Yeah. I think, I think it's a good thing that he is not playing. I am scared of the giants because the giants always figure out a way to beat the commanders even when they're bad. I'm, I'm scared for you because I think the commander's defense might be one of the worst, if not the worst. I think they might be the worst. Yeah. Watching last week against the Bucks, it was, it was a nightmare. There was no point in even trying to play d It would be be better if you just let them score immediately when they had the ball.


Yeah. This is a, this is a true as ball where the team who, who loses this game, if, especially if they lose it significantly, they're truly Ass. I'm gonna put the done chain on the loser, even if it's me. Yeah. If the commanders lose this game, the Dun chain goes Well, A loss for you is different than a loss to the Giants. A loss for you. You still have Jaden Daniels and you're like, we're rebuilding a loss for the Giants. You're like, we thought we'd be bad, but we're worse. Yeah. We're worse than we thought we were gonna Do. And, and God damnit that Giants, I I don't know why they allowed them to do hard knocks, but that clip is just gonna live forever. Where they were talking about, I think it was one of the MAs asking the gm like, what are we gonna do? What's our identity without Saquon? Yeah. When he like, we're gonna go all in on Daniel Jones. When he Said, he said, literally, I'm going to lose sleep if this, this guy goes to Philly.


Yeah. And then, and then he said, the GM said, we're gonna build up our offensive line and say this is the year Daniel. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's not a good time to be a Giants fan. I It's especially not a good time to be Daniel Jones. No. 'cause he's already starting up with the, the only people that matter are the people in this room. Ah. Those are the only ones I listen to. That's early. And maybe the worst sign for Daniel Jones was when Brian Dbol announced that he was the starting quarterback this week. That's not good for your starting quarterback. Yeah. At the beginning of week one to have your head coach clarify for the media that you're starting. Yeah. You're the starter. We they just paid you a fuck load of money. Everyone thought you were the starter. And Brian Dbol being like, we're gonna give the ball to Daniel this weekend.


No one asked. No one asked. But He is, he's starter. He's a starter. So you think you're gonna win? I don't want to, You don't wanna pick? Because I, I Don't, you can't. I don't wanna pick. You can't. Because I would, I would like to win so that way I can at least say we're not the worst team in the division. But the Giants have a way of beating her ass. Yeah. But Jayden Daniels rookie of the week. Rookie of the Week. First of many to come. That's Huge. Okay. Chargers, the Panthers. I so badly wanna bet the Panthers, but I can't because it's Harbaugh. But I want to, because I feel like I'm just, I'm gonna chase that all year. I'm not going to, I'm not going to. I might, Did You see? I might, I might. Well, not necessarily just the, the Harbaugh effect, but also the Panthers effect.


The Panthers are so bad. The Panthers are so bad. Go ahead, pan. Go ahead. How bad are they? How bad are they? Like a game show? The Panthers are so bad. How bad are they? They did a nine 11 memorial post on Instagram. And some of the comments are as follows. This team makes me wish I was on those planes. I won't forget how bad or No, our situation is worser than theirs. Sadam Hussein would be a better defensive coordinator. This post is still not safe. Every Sunday feels like I'm reliving nine 11. Our tower's been collapsing since 2017. Never forget nine eight when they lost the Saints.


Sir, A second Saint's wide receiver has hit the end zone. Oh, you're so bad that your own fans are making nine 11 jokes in your comment section. That's bad. You know what's worse than nine? That's as low as it gets. What's Worse than nine 11? Big Cat. What? When Bryce Young goes nine 30. Oh, when? That's his completion. Yes. Yes. I I I'm gonna take the Chargers 'cause I think they're just gonna play man football. We also have the Chargers a a reminder for next week they're staying out east. Okay. That's good to know. They're Staying out east And Jim Harbo say there's no reason why we can't have some fun bring the board games and snacks. There's no way They're gonna have fun. So fun. That's fun. We also hadn't, What kind of board games do you think that, that Harbaugh plays?


See guess who guy? I don't know. I feel like he's just a straight up chess or checkers. I think He's Checkers. You think Checkers. I think he might be a risk guy. The games I see that taking like three days. Everybody just gets bored and quits. Yeah. And then he wins every time. Yeah. I, we also had an all times Jim Harbaugh quote. He said, speaking about coaching, it was about five or six years ago, my brother and I and dad were talking football talking. And you know, my brother said, Hey dad, how long do you go in coaching? How long do you coach in this game? And he said, and I never forget it. You go as long as you possibly can. You go and you coach till you cannot step on the field one more time till you can't endure one more practice or put one more game plan together.


And when you come to that point, you coach for two more years. I love that. That's a great quote. You play football, you coach Football, then you die. You, you have to be so sick of coaching and then you still do two more years of service. Yeah. I respect that. I respect that. I need to know where they're staying out east too. I could see Harbaugh taking them on a tour, like a history tour. They're probably just, what's the West Virginia place? The Greenbrier? Yeah. They're probably, they're probably just staying there. Right. I could see him going on like a Civil war battlefield tour. Staying East Chargers. Staying east. Still stay in Charlotte. Okay. Kind Of boring. Yeah. Pretty boring. It's a boring answer. All Right. I I I wanna say that Jayden Daniels, he did win the Rookie of the week.


I think Joe Walt should have won it. Joe Walt was, that Was incredible. That that will never happen. And I'm gonna take the stand for offensive lineman because an offensive lineman will never win an award like that. And they should Joe Alton or Sean Slater on both sides of Herbert. That's, that's Harbaugh's wet dream. Yeah. He just knows like they can do what they want to do and they're gonna shove it down the Panther's throat. Yeah. I think that's gonna happen. And the Panthers have their best def defensive player maybe out for the year. Yeah. So I think it might get worse before it gets better. It, it couldn't be a more different vibes team game between the two teams. Like the Panthers vibes are as low as low gets. Yeah. And the Chargers are like the, the new regime, you know, going from Brandon Staley to Jim Harbaugh has to be just a complete shock to the system in a great way.


It's, you can't, you can't get different than these two teams organizations right now. Yeah. Very optimistic in LA right now. Yeah. Okay. Next up. Brown's a Jaguar. Speaking of bad vibes, everyone hates Sean Watson. That was one of my notes. David is joke, who's out for the game and little quiz for you. When was Deshaun Watson's last 300 yard game? His last 300 yard? He had, he had one or two decent games last year, but I don't think he threw for 300. So I'm gonna go back a couple years and say 2021. So partial credit. Yes. 'cause it happened in, in 2021, it was a 2020 season.


So it was January, 2021. That's why I said 2021. Yes. Yeah. But that is a long time. That's a very long time. It's a long time. He Used to be so good. He used to be incredible. So I don't, he had that one season where he carried the Texans and was outta this world Good. I don't know what happened. Well, well obviously a lot of stuff happened. Yeah. We know. We do know what happened. But, But there's some, there's some stuff where physically he doesn't even look the same. I think he just doesn't like football anymore. Yeah. He's going to, he's going to quit on this season. Or the, the Texans, or sorry, the, the Browns will find a way out of this. Something's gonna happen. He wa he was, he used to be so good and last Sunday he got sacked six times.


Guess how many of those sacks were on the offensive line by pro football focus? 1 0 0. They were All his fault. They were all quarterback sacks. Damn. And then there was a clip that went around of, of one of his linemen not wanting Deshaun to help him up. Did you see that? Yeah. One of the linemen were on the ground after the play. Deshaun went up to him, stuck his hand out, the lineman batted his hand away and said, no, I can do it. He just doesn't want Deshaun touching him. Right. It leads to bad things. Yes. And Deshaun Watson. Yeah. You don't want round. I'm just looking it up right now. I dunno where that hand's been. Probably. Well, no, it's not his hands. I think his hand is Probably stretch. Yeah, no, he's went a few places.


Yeah. Yeah. Not a good guy. Yeah. That 2020 season he threw for 4,800 yards. 33 touchdowns, seven interceptions. It's crazy. Pretty damn good. You could, you could definitely make the case at that point that Deshaun Watson was a top five Quarterback. Yeah. And since that season, I know that he's been injured a bunch. He has not thrown for over 1500 yards. Yeah. Okay. So I also, this game to me is I love that we get to watch every game and see how every game flows because the Jaguar should have beaten the dolphins. And I think you're getting them at a little bit of a price here. Because they lost that game was the Jaguars were winning that game at the end.


Doesn't fumble. They go up 24 7. That game's over. Yeah. This is And. it goes completely south on them. But I, I didn't walk away being like, man, the Jaguars are bad. No. They did some funky shit in the second half. Yeah. Did some very Jaguar sticks. They panicked. Yeah, they did panic after the turnover. I think that they looked good enough in the first half. But are the dolphins good? So when they look good against the dolphins, are we counting that as a good, the Bill's really good. The bills might be really good. Yeah. So I, I do also like the Jaguars in this game. Yeah. Okay. Raiders at Ravens. I'll say this, this is one time, actually Jake, he should still do this for us. I didn't know this.


Maybe no one knew this Alexander Madison's wife went into labor before the game on Sunday. Yeah. He scored a touchdown. Yeah, we did not know that. But wait, when was the baby born? That Night? So after the game, But he had, oh my god. My wife's in labor. Yeah. Technically this would be the first Baby. Yeah. This is the baby. This is the baby bump. Because, because our theory is that everybody else in the locker room is pumped for the guy. Yeah. Especially if they're a new dad. Yeah. If that's their first kid. So if he had the baby after the game, then this week it's all congrats on the baby. Congrats. I'm so happy that you got a baby. Yeah. Let's give you the rock. Oh, lemme the baby. You got dad strengths now baby. What'd you name the baby? Congrats on the sex. Yeah. Lemme kiss the baby. Yeah. All that shit. It's A kiss. The baby bet. Yeah. Kiss the baby bet. I do think the Ravens though are going to play better than they did.


They, it's crazy. We walk away and the chiefs win that game. And, it really was a couple inches or an inch on Isaiah Likely's foot. Yeah. That changed. 'cause Harbaugh is gonna go for two. So there's a reasonable way that the Ravens win that game if his foot is in bounds and we think about it completely different. And we're like, holy shit. What a gutsy performance from Lamar. The Ravens are still that team. They just didn't have the result. Week one. I think they are going to beat the Raiders. Yeah. I think they're gonna spank 'em. Yeah. And that and Antonio Pierce, we like you, but God damn that was the dumbest decision ever. The Punt was, it looks even worse. Like with the light of day. Yeah.


After a couple days to think about it. Yeah. I've been thinking about that punt all week. Yeah. And, it just makes zero sense at all. Yep. And as a, he's a new coach, he does not have a guy that's giving him advice on analytics. That much is clear. 'cause if he did, that person probably resigned. Yep. 'cause you're not being listened to at all in that case. Yep. But it was really, really bad. Yeah. And he should get somebody that whose job is just to stand next to him. Be like, use the time out here. Go forward here. Yeah. That's, that's the job. Yes. Get a nerd. Very simple. Find a nerd in Las Vegas. Just Find anyone with glasses on. Yeah. Maybe, maybe like David Blaine. He could probably figure it out. Anybody in Las Vegas that, that is smart. That likes numbers.


Like David Point could absolutely bend time. Yes. Have that person stand next to you. And he's only allowed to say like five words. He doesn't have to talk. He can just have a, a mat that's in front of him with five different options for buttons. Yeah. And he pushes those. And then you look at the iPad than you do that thing. He should Actually, he make it even simpler for him. It should be like when you go to Foggo de cha and you have the coin that you flip over when you want meat or when you want to stop eating. Yeah. He should just have a coin and the guy should just hand him like, Hey, red side up, Red side up. Don't pun. Yeah. Green side up. Go Go. Yeah. That's as simple as it could be. Or what was the chest scandal from a while ago? The the butt plugs. The anal beads. Yeah. Yeah. The vibrating anal beads. Yeah. When I hit those.


That should, that should stimulate you to go for it. Yes. Yes. Go for it. So I don't know if this is a record or not. I think it might be the first time. Do we have a, a noise for weird stat alert? Yeah. Hank hit It. Hank weird Sta hit it on the soundboard please. Nice. Okay. So if Antonio Pierce and the Raiders lose this week to the Ravens, I think he might become the first head coach in NFL history to lose back to back games against brothers. Oh. Oh. I can't think who else. It could have been. Well it could have been the Harbaugh brothers. The Harbaugh brothers or were there like have They ever it, Rob Ryan was never an interim coach.


Right? Oh man, I don't think he was. I wish he, I would've bet the fuck out of him if he was. Yeah. Fuck. We gotta find out if that's true. I think it might be true. Okay. The Double Brother loss. The Double Brother loss Never been done before. He's been just bodied by the Harbaugh. Now the other question would be, has it, has a team ever played against two brothers in back Toback weeks? Probably because they're probably already making history. Yeah. Probably It's Brother Awareness Month. Was there ever a time where the Harbaughs played each other and then the next week one the losing Harbaugh made a terrible mistake and beat himself. So he got beat by Harbaugh back to back Weeks by himself. Yeah. I don't know. 'cause Like did Jim Harbaugh ever lose to John Harbaugh then also lose to John Harbaugh or Jim Harbaugh?


Well, Jim Harbaugh lost to John Harbaugh in the Super Bowl. Right. But I'm saying, you know what I'm saying? And then the beat Yourself. What'd he do week one after that? I don't know. He might've beat himself. Might've Beaten himself. Okay. That's a good stat. Good weird stat. Afternoon slate. Three games, Rams of Cardinals, Rams injuries are bad. 2022 vibes Very bad. pka Nku out. And also their line, Their entire line, Their line is probably like pka Nku is the name that everybody knows, but their line all being injured probably has a bigger impact. They're signing guys off the street, Off the street. Off the Street. Like homeless people Off the street. They're signing guys off the street. That's concerning. Yes.


I just love that saying off the street. So I don't know, I can't trust the Cardinals defense. Sean McVey does own the Cardinals, so we should at least note that. Yeah. That's part of our, you know, trio in the NFC West. I just feel like the Cardinals are healthier. Well they know they're healthier and Kyler might be able to get something going. Yeah. When is, when is the double XP weekend? October Something. Right. Okay. So we're way too early for that. We're wait on we're, we gotta wait on that. And Marvin Harrison Jr. He will welcome to the NFL Marvin Harrison Jr. I think that's gonna happen this week. Yeah. Well after what happened last week, they can't target him any less.


Correct. They were saving 'em for this game. Correct. I feel like maybe, maybe the Cardinals were saying the Bill's really good Team Buffalo, tough environment to play in. They're gonna sacrifice somebody to the pit before the game. Probably lose that game anyways. But divisional game now let's actually try to win. Yeah. And let's throw the ball to Marvin Harrison Jr. A couple times. Yes. Yes. Agreed. Steelers of Broncos. I'm mad, I'm mad about this game. Why? Because Russell Wilson's not playing. Yeah. And I really wanted to see Russell Wilson against the Broncos. It I do. If you're a Steelers fan, I think you should be happy though. Why? I think Russell Wilson would've tried so hard to do a revenge thing that he would've fucked It up.


He would've made a big revenge game spectacle. He would've tried so hard to be like, this is my moment to stick it to Sean Peyton that he would've fucked up And. it would've been a bad situation. That might be true. So I think you're better off with Justin Fields. I want to take the Broncos simply because of the, you know, go against yourself week one, switch it up. Also Mile high when it's still hot is always a tough place to play. I just don't understand how bow Nicks is gonna survive against his Steelers defense. Yeah. Bow Nick. I I regret saying that. He might be the next, next up Jamis Winston. He was funny when he played. Yeah. I'm not saying that he's gonna have the spectacular highs that Jamis gives you. Yeah. He doesn't, he doesn't push it down the field like Jamis does.


But in a slapstick type of way, watching him play quarterback is very funny to do. Correct. And just watch how he like tries to run around and throw across his body. Yeah. That part is still funny to me. You're probably right about about Russell Wilson trying too hard Game. He definitely game. He would probably have some That's weird video. He would Yeah. Get out. He, they, they would show when they go to the game, like Russell Wilson actually was here fully padded at 6:00 AM Are he running around the field? It would've been very funny for him, like after the game to talk about how what a great welcome the Denver Broncos fans gave him. Yeah. Like it, it was a great homecoming. It's just to see the guys that rooted for me and be able to, to thank them for everything they did for me while I was in town. Yeah. That would've been a hundred percent a lie. Yeah. I wanted to see that though. I wanted to see him try too hard.


Yeah. As an outsider, if you're a Steelers fan, probably a good thing. Yes. But for the rest of America, we wanted that comedy of the revenge game. Correct. Okay. So big game, afternoon game. This one will be obviously the Sound Bengal's Chiefs Bengal's. Gotta figure it out. I'm worried though about Joe Burrow. Yeah. So the video of him trying to pick up a water bottle went around. I think he, well he's, I know that he's saying that it's not a big deal. I think it's a big deal. I think Joe Burrow is a tough guy and he wants to play and he, he was so competitive that he's like, I'm not gonna miss the first couple games of the season. Yeah. I think it's fair to say that he's not healthy. I, and it's more so his, his wrist in his arm might feel okay.


I don't know if mentally he trusts it yet. Because watching back some of that game, some of the tape, no big deal. We watched tape on the show. He was a checkdown king. He actually was third, third ranked lowest in, in the NFL on Sunday or on week one with throws going to the sticks. So 27% 0.6. He basically was just checking down. I think he just doesn't trust it yet. Like there were some plays, I was watching this one play that people were breaking down where Jamar Chase had a one-on-one on the outside and all he had to, he had a clean pocket. All he had to do was wait a couple seconds and he had just predetermined he was gonna check it down. Yeah.


And so it's not as much that he might, it might not be that he's like, his wrist is so fucked, he can't make the throws. I think he just is not ready for the game speed yet. I think he will be there eventually. Unfortunately, they have to go up against the Chiefs. And that is a big, tall task. And you're gonna have Chris Jones coming down your throat and the chiefs know that he is not a hundred percent there. And if Joe Burrow can't throw it deep and take those shots, it's just different. I Think I'm Gonna, he also has always been a little bit of a slow starter and always started in this way. So it could also just be that I, I disagree with you that it's mental, not physical. I think it's physical. No, I, I, I, I, I, so the only reason I'm saying mental is because I, when Joe says that he's, he's good.


I trust that he's saying that in good faith. I do think there's some physical part, but I think there's also, the mental part of it happened with like Kirk Cousins where when you come back from an injury and you get thrown into a live NFL game, it's gonna look different than it did in preseason. Which I don't even think Joe Burrow played or practice. It just is Different. No, but I think it's, I think it is a hundred percent physical, physical, physical. And that when Joe Burrow says he's good, he knows he's not good and he's pissed off that he is not good. He was flexing it a lot too. Yeah. But he doesn't want to say like, I'm not feeling good because that would be making an excuse. Yeah. No, he's a otherwise Playing, he's a fucking tough ass. I think That if it was physically good, he would like Joe is so mentally tough that he would just be like, I'm not worried about it. Let's just play football.


Yeah. And I don't think that he can't play football a hundred percent. So I, I don't know. I I, I want to see Joe play good this year. I wanted to keep the narrative of Borough Head going. Yeah, it'd be fun if he went into Kansas City and won. They also gave the chiefs a little bit of bulletin board material. Oh no. You see that? I love doing that. Oh, the Xavier worthy. Yeah. So Taylor Britt said on Xavier worthy, he's got speed. That's about it. He can run straight run jet sweeps and just run straight. He can't do too much else. So that's about it. That's bulletin board. That is bulletin board. I also don't fully disagree if you're just basing it off his first game because we, we were victim to this.


We're like Xavier Worthy's not fair. He had that big end round run. Yep. And he had the play where the Ravens just didn't play defense. Yep. On what looked like a wheel round. I don't know what it was, but he, there was just no one even close to him. It's not like he caught 10 balls. Right. And had 150 yards. He caught two balls and had 47 yards. And I think 30 of 'em were on that one play. So 35 of 'em were on that one play. So I do think Xavier worthy, I think that's bulletin board material. Yeah. I also don't think it's totally wrong yet. Also, if he can just run straight really fast, that's a pretty, that's good. That's a pretty good thing to combine with Patrick Mahomes. That is good. And on the end round he that if you're like 0.01 second slower, you don't, you don't score that touchdown, you get tackled.


It was a great run. Here's my thought starter for you. If Xavier worthy was on any other team and had his stat line from week one, would anyone care? No. He'd be a speed merchant. Right. That's kind of my point. Yeah. Is it's not that he's not good, it's just that because he's on the Chiefs and he's so fast And, we saw it. Everyone's like, this is not fair. This is not right. Well There's another, another part. Right. It's because he replaced Caius Tony. True. So it's a big, big upgrade. That's the biggest Upgrade ever. He's not cad I think he's good. So, so I just Think we, we, we are we're more pissed that the chiefs have a weapon, another weapon. Yes. And Taylor Bridge should update this and say he can't do too much else. He can run straight and be better than Ca Darius Tony.


Yeah. So he is a two-headed monster. And Then everyone would, would nod in the locker room be like, yeah, he's actually Right. That's very right. He's Right. Okay. We have Sunday night football to wrap it up. Bears Texans will be streaming. I'm very nervous about this game. Here's what I've done. 'cause everyone does this as fans. You do mental gymnastics, try to figure out a path to victory, how it's gonna work. The One thing that I have uncovered is that we talked about Meatloaf, tar, Andre Sweat for the Titans. Absolute monster. The Texans don't have a tar. Andre sweat in terms of the middle of the interior defensive line shouldn't be as big of a problem as it was against the Titans.


And that's where the Bears had a lot of trouble blocking. So I'm hoping Kale Williams doesn't have those plays where there is a 350 pound man jumping on top of him within two sec two half a second of the ball being Snapped. Yeah. And when he spins, he should spin away from the person. Yeah. And not just stop. Do we need a defensive touchdown and maybe a special team touchdown to win this game? Yeah. Maybe I'd take it. Or if they punted every first down, I'd take it, then you could win that game too. I'd Take it. But yeah, I think this is gonna be a, it's gonna be a very, very interesting game to see where, where everything's at. All right. Walk me through this Big Cat. I know you'll be happy with Win regardless Of, but no matter what I will, I mean you, you tell me. Okay, Let me ask you hypothetical, Taking out injuries win no matter what.


Okay. Hypothetical. Yeah. Would you rather The Bears win And Caleb Williams, he throws for 90 yards passing. Caleb Williams runs for 17 yards with a fumble and he's got an interception. No touchdowns. Was the Fumble, was he hit on the fumble? No, it was like he dropped the ball. It, it was like Jalen hurts in the Super Bowl. Okay. Just slips and shit. They run it the other way. Okay. Okay. Would you rather that or Caleb throws for 350 yards and the bears lose 20 to 32? I would take the win. Take the win over progression from the quarterback. Yeah. Because the progression will come. Winning games is the Best.


But if, if There's, I don't care how it happens. If there's two games in a row, but also A hundred, then wait, but What you now we're talking narrative, but What you just said. Yeah. So I was actually almost with you until you said 32. And then I'm like, then that means the defense Stinks. It's a weird score. Yeah, you could, you could delete. But, and the, the thing that I was, I, I was feeling most confident in is now not a source of confidence. And now I'm questioning everything. Get me to two, one. Oh, okay. Lemme change that. Get Me to two one. Oh, what if Caleb throws for 350 yards a touchdown? No interceptions. And you guys lose seven to 10, 350 Yards. Yeah. a touchdown. No interceptions. Seven to 10. I still wanna Win. You probably have kicking issues at that point. You still wanna win two and Oh would be awesome.


What. do you think What, do you gonna say something? Max, would you take two and Oh Yeah. I'll, I'll take two and Oh yeah. I want, yeah, I want two and oh, I want two. And Oh, I want my Quarterback to have a good Game too. I do. You and I, you and I. Best world, best case scenario. Both things happen. Both things. Yeah. Yeah. That would be awesome. Correct. But if he doesn't have a great game, having a win is a nice consolation prize. Yep. Because that, It's actually the, the main prize. What's fun is at, at that point, if he has some stinky games and you guys win, then you can just be like, he's a winner. Yeah. He's got, he's got like Jimmy Garoppolo. It's Also if, if he doesn't play well on Sunday night And, we use defense and special teams to win the game.


It's no different than the Bear's entire history. Yeah. Of everything. That's true. He's just a perfect Bears quarterback. He's just, He's just a turbocharge Rex grocer The best game manager you Could have. I think he's gonna play better though. I really do. No Romo right? I believe he's out. I don't think he's officially been ruled out, but it doesn't look like he's gonna play. Which stinks.


Alright, so the touchdown parlay. I screwed it up last week. Then we'll get to our picks. I screwed it up Last week. I had Dalton kin Katie did not score. So I'm out. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna do three picks. I'm out because I lost, if you guys win all three win, we go to the next week. Yep. So we want people to win. So, and if one of you loses, then you're out. If two of you lose, we'll figure out how to do it. But go right now to DraftKings. DraftKings has you set up, they have not won, but two special offers to AWS who want to bet the PMT parlay this week. First, DraftKings giving all customers a no sweat touchdown bet for each football day this week. That means you'll get a bonus bet back if your touchdown bet doesn't hit. Second. Any customer who chooses to use their no sweat touchdown bet on our four to score parlay, which is now three to score, will also receive a profit boost. So, head of the app now to claim those offers we're gonna have the parlay up, I think goes up Friday night. So you have all weekend to be it. I'll bet it. I'm gonna ride with the boys. I'm gonna be out, but I'm gonna ride with the boys. We also, I also will have Big Cat Parlay, which is one and Oh no big deal. Plus three units. Okay. Hank Going. Tony Rich. Tony Rich Anthony Richardson. Got it. Okay. Good. Good. To Score a touchdown. I like that. Score a Touchdown too. Rich. Anthony Richardson. Okay. You like, I'm not gonna make any comments 'cause I can't 'cause I lost. No, please do. It worked last Week. I, I'm not gonna make any comments. But if you were Cow pits. Cow pits, if You were gonna make comments, you would say, I can't believe that the Falcon scored one touchdown And. it was the cow. It's crazy. It's crazy. All Tony Rich. I like That. Tony Rich on the board. All right, I'm gonna stick with my, what was that? Now I want go a quarterback too. And I'm nervous about going two quarterbacks. Oh, you want, who are you gonna take? I'll let PFT go. Well, you just made a noise when I started. Go. No. Well, I, I just started to stress because that, that I, that Stresses me. No, you made a noise. Do you want to Go? No, I want you to go. I want you to go Go. You Go first. No, you go. I, I'm not gonna Talk. I want you to go. I'm done. Nope. I want you to go. Everybody Get mad at Max for ruining the podcast. Get mad at Max. You know I'm you. I'm fine. I'll go. Fuck it. I'll go. Jayden Daniels. You ruined the podcast. Jayden Daniels Good pick. That's good pick. There you go. Great pick Max. I like it. You, you brought the podcast back. Yep. Giants defense sucks. Great podcast. Jay Daniel. Run the, the run the Ball to Ja Jayden Daniels for a touchdown is a great play for the game. It's A great play. It's a great play. I actually, I, I like Daniel Jones' score this game. Okay. He plays really good. Oh, you Gonna do both? No, we can't do three Quarterbacks, three quarterbacks. It's just, I, No, that's not my pick. I'll give my actual pick. But, but bonus pick Daniel Jones. Okay. But my real pick is JK Dobbins. Ooh. So my formula is take a running back on a team that's playing against the Carolina Panthers. I like that. And. it was good in week one and I think it'll be good in week two. Okay. Alright. So bet on DraftKings. They'll have that up. And like I said, the no sweat bet is there as well. Gambling problem. Cole 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Opt in each Sunday to get one no sweat bet based on amount of losing qualifying bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance PMT Sunday. TD parlay bets only to receive one profit boost for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's do our picks. So the four weddings and a funeral picks, which have we thought about it more? Someone did throw out the, we should do a bachelor party. I don't know if any of us could survive or I don't know if PFC and I could survive. Well the, the problem is that's, that's, That's what's exciting. Alright. Should we this's? What's exciting? Well, here's the problem. If, if the funeral's A Bad idea, I'll speak for myself. Why? Because We don't, how do you schedule That? What if we did an what if the loser had to do just life so they had to go to, oh my god, a birth of a baby. Maybe a quinceanera. The funeral is bad. No funeral. I'm down for all of this except for funeral. Oh No, we're going all we gotta go in the full circle.


The life would be incredible. We can't imagine loser has to do life. Oh, How about this? Can't Do funeral. How about this? We Can't do funeral. How About a 50th birthday party Gonna party a wedding that I had to go to their funeral. A divorce proceeding? A divorce proceeding. We can't do funeral. Okay. Well Now the problem with the bachelor party would be I would want bachelor. I would want to do things on the bachelor party that I should not be doing in front of a Wls. No, the Yeah, it's the, the the, the problem with the Black Bachelor party is we just basically produce blackmail Yes. On ourselves. Yes. Oh Yeah. And if we didn't, if we didn't do stuff to produce blackmail, then they'd be like, what a snooze.


I can't believe this guy came to the bachelor party. Didn't have any fun. It Yeah. I think we could do it if we just said no phones, people would be for The bachelor party. So pissed. If Hank if Hank or I lost. Yeah. Or me or mem memes. Yeah. I I I bet Max would be fun on a bachelor party. Max would be great on a Bachelor. If it was a golf trip, Hank would be in a good mood. Alright. So We will, we'll figure it out. But I do think there's something there with, with i I, a lot funeral, a lot of people hit me up and they were like, it would be an honor to go to my funeral. Yep. Yeah, Me too. I, and I think, but I think in the, in the sake of a bet, like you guys having to go at bachelor party 'cause you don't want to is the entire point. Yeah. I also had a lot of people hit me up, be like, thank God somebody thought that that was a bad idea.


Hmm. I had a lot of people hit me up saying, that was a great idea, Man. Yeah. I heard the other One's pussy. He doesn't realize that death is part of life. Alright. So we'll, we'll evolve it, but I think we're onto something. It's gonna be something like that. Can we all agree whether it be a, a wedding and a bachelor party? Maybe a, a birth of a baby, a quinceanera life would be awesome. What about, I know it's hard, but If you had to go to a birthday party of every age. I know it's hard than Never ending punishment. It's right in between 99 days. A high school graduation. I know it's hard Because it's right between, It's a division one college graduation. Yes. Or like a 7,000 Wait Division one college graduation.


There's so many. Well, no. Like a state school. A state school graduation. Got It. It would be, it would be funny if we could like, move somebody into college. Like we're the dads. Like we show up on campus with a truck full of shit. This is funny. We help them load up their dorm rooms. That's What I'm saying. Yeah. Just, just do life. That's too many things. We could, we could pare it down. Okay. What what about, okay, what about this, what if we probably have some high school awls, right? You think? Okay. so if you lose, you have to commit to somewhat adopting that kid for the rest of their Life. I can't take another kid. I can't have Another kid. So wait, so you have to go to their high school graduation? No, I can't have another kid. You have to help them move into college. You have to go to their wedding when they get married.


I can't have another kid. You have to, you have to be there after they have their first child. I can't Have another kid. And then there're for their funeral, God forbid, That would be fine. Because then you would de develop a relationship. And it would actually be Received. I'm out on that. All right. And then when they die, you go to their funeral. Yeah. Then I would go to a funeral. If you were, if it, if it, if it felt like I was going because I, it was out of respect and not out of a punishment. Not Just for vibes. All Right. Alright, well, We'll, but we gotta, we gotta figure this out soon because somebody's gonna start to fall behind By next week. By next week We'll have, by next week I'll, I'll put my, I'll I'll think about some stuff. Alright, so I think Max PFT and Hank all went two and, oh, I went one. One.


Good to be two, One. Oh. And memes went Oh and two. So Max, you have first pick? Yes. Do I, do I? Yeah. Yes. Because Hank went first last time. No, memes went first last Time. Okay. I am going to take the Seattle Seahawks minus three and a half against the New England Patriots. Oh, nice. Hank doesn't even care. Doesn't Care. Doesn't care. I think that was like a, doesn't care. I think that line's too. I think the Patriots still fucking suck. Okay. All right. I'm going to take my Indianapolis Colts. Mm minus three. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna take someone's Jacksonville Jaguars minus three Jaguars kid.


What you taking? The Browns? Yep. Oh, do it. Do it. That's stinky. I like it. Yeah, do it. The Jaguars are stinky. Why? Well, you didn't watch schemes on Sunday. I did. I was sitting next to you. It was on at the same time the Patriots were playing. Yeah. Yeah. The Patriots. I couldn't even fucking watch the game. Small TV gave us the fucking Small tv. Okay. 22 inches of of screen. It was the r Kelly tv. The Jaguars just blew that. Like they, they absolutely choked that game away. They have no business. There's not, I'm three point disagreeing with you whatsoever, but I don't think they're that Bad. And Deshaun Watson has, has the tools. Has the Tools as, as we just went over. Yeah. Which one tool he has. Arm talent.


Yep. Does he Used Yeah, we just, yeah, we just went through it. Used Arm didn't look that good last week. It's Somewhere in there. He's There. It's somewhere in there. It's Somewhere in there. All right. Is it Snake? Yeah. So you Browns I'm gonna go, I have the Browns plus three against the Jaguar. Excuse me. And then I am going to take the under in the New York Giants Washington Commanders game under 43. Nice. It's not your pick. Ah, Snake. It is Snake. Oh it's memes. Got it. Oh Steelers minus two and a half. And then the under and the Giants commander game. Nice Memes. That was huge. Memes. Huge.


Alright, I'm gonna take the over in the New York Giants Washington Commanders game over 43. I love it. Love it. Hank. That's a good move. That's a spite move. Why Do you like that over Hank? Just two dynamic quarterbacks. Explosive offenses. Don't Lump me in with Danny Dimes. What do you mean they're high? They're high. High flying quarterbacks. High flying quarterbacks. High flying. High flying quarterbacks. Alright, I'll take the over in the scene. Ah, I shouldn't have done that. Saints cowboys. 46 and a half. That was dumb. Okay. That's a fun over to take. Yeah. 43 is. So I thought about that for That. I thought about that one. High flying, hanging. It's an Impossible amount of points. High flying. What was That? Was a throwaway. I just threw away and pick. Think About it this way. Pick sixes. That helps. Yeah, that was, That was dumb.


Okay. That's All right. you know what, I'm gonna take the over on that game. 'cause Hank thinks it's so dumb. No, He's got it. Oh, you're saying in just Say in real life. Yeah. All Right. So you're last pick. I'm gonna jags Browns over 41 and a half. Okay. I don't think that Deshaun is gonna be as bad as he was last week. I hope. And then I think that the Jags again kind of a fluky game that they gave up last week. Yeah. And they're at home. Yep. Home opener. Yep. I believe in Duval. And Hank Thinks they stink. Hank thinks they stink. Yeah. Yep. Okay. I took such a stinky under last time. I'm gonna try and go with a fun over this time. I Love that about you. Just get fun with it. Yep. I'm gonna go Lions bucks over 51 and a half Lions bucks over 50.


That is a fun one Half. That's lot of points. It's very fun. Funny. A lot of points But fun. Okay. Alright. So those are our picks. We'll figure out. We'll, we'll nail down the punishment for next week. Let's do Fantasy Fuccbois Boys. Before we get to Brooks Koepka and Taylor Gooch


Fantasy. Fuccbois Boys brought to you by your friends at BODYARMOR BODYARMOR Sports Water. The alkaline water that provides us real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody's always drinking around the office, the sports drink, the zero sugar, and even the flash iv. After a long weekend, we can't get enough BODYARMOR. The sports water, in my opinion, is the best water on the market. Head on over to your local seven 11 and get BODYARMOR Sport water today.


Fantasy Fuccbois Boys. What's up? Ooh. What's up? What's up Going on it? Fuck. It's Von Trap. Riva Doci. Hey. V Rapo my start onm this week. The Pac 12. Yeah. Yeah. All the way back. Who are the teams Merging with the, with the Mountain west? Yeah. Boise State. Bunch of other Mountain West teams. Yeah. All those mountain teams get it seems You don't wanna watch when you Got a golf outing on Saturday. The packed while all the way back. That's a fact, Jack. I sit eating dogs. Eating dogs don't eat dogs. People don't eat it. Hit 'em. You hear that? Yeah. Max that. Fuck Max. Yeah. I know. You want to fucking eat some dogs.


Max would eat a dog. God knows you don't suck. Pet get that. No, I love dog. Get that Gizzy going. You can't even fucking say it. He can make that dog a meatball and Max would eat it all day. That dog love dogs. I got A good friend that likes eating Cats. His name Steven Chase. Sleep up. He does. He loves eating pussy. So you got, you were Racist. You were Racist. I didn't say anything. Wow. He was fucking a pussy. Very, very, you idiot. Very racist. Ang Holy shit. My friend. My my uncle Junior loves. He might be part Haitian. Oh, Hey, by Sleeper. It's Josh Allen's pistachio farm. Oh. Did you guys see this? You guys read about this?


No, I didn't see it. I didn't read about it. I saw it on the big screen on the television during the game. He is got a pistachio farm. I don't even know what the fuck that means. I love it. Got I love it. I remember Hearing about that. He was doing an interview on part of my take and he talked about that Pistachio. I want to go, thanks for listening to PardonMyTake of my take. Great podcast. Okay. That it? Yeah. Alright. All Right. Hey, what, what's up guys? My name's Chin Sharpie. Chin Sharpie. I'm starting. I'm starting. Ah. Ah. And this week I'm sitting, Hey pop. Oh, oh. Pop Pop eno. And my sleep is John Bon Jovi.


Great Guy. Yeah. Save somebody from jumping off a bridge. Hey Dom. What's up guys? My name's DiCaprio. Boole. Hey Boole. My stardom is the Los Angeles Chargers. 'cause they just signed me off the practice squad to our practice squad. Let's go Boole. That's actually my name. DiCaprio Boole. Ha ha. My cinema is the t poodle Poodle. Poodle rocking everywhere. Mycin is the Texans defense. They don't know what they're gonna get. Kale Williams gonna throw for over a hundred yards. Over A hundred Big over a hundred. He's joined the, the Stamp it. The three digit club. I'm putting my personal guarantee on a hundred yards plus. There we go. And my sleep. You be, you going be like, will Chamberlain after the game holding that sign up?


Yeah. A hundred. My sleeper is Antonio Brown's Twitter account because it's being run by a random white dude from UCF. Like the No shit. Yeah, It was, it was obvious call. Yeah. It was obvious. But it's funny seeing the guy's picture Cracker of the day. Yeah. Oh, go that guy. A lot of slurs. That guy liked to say the N Word. Yeah. And the F word. Yeah. So that, that came Out. Yeah. So, and then the, the account that tweeted out clarified after like an hour. I just talked to Antonio Brown is actually him doing it. That's just his manager that helps run the social media. Got it. So it Curates. So it might, so it's alleged, it's all alleged, but It's all, it's a all legend. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go on a limb and say that it is the guy from UCF that does it.


It's very funny because we all thought it, and then it was obvious. We, it was very obvious, but it was also like, there's no way some white dude's running this. Because someday we're gonna find out that it was a white dude running this. And then we might have found out that it is a white dude running it today. Yeah. This makes me look at C-T-E-S-P-N as not a trusted news source anymore. Does he Keep tweeting? Yeah, He, he has. Yeah. Oh, okay. So he's got a power. I think that's the right move because if you stop then everyone's, it's, you're guilty. We need To, if you don't, then you can just always be like, yeah, it was Antonio Brown all Along. I was gonna say we need to run it through one of those like AI language analyzers, but I don't think that I, that would probably just break the AI machine trying to analyze Antonio Brown's thoughts.


Yeah, I'd agree. Yeah, I'd agree. Alright, let's get to Brooks Koepka and Taylor Gooch. Yep.


Before we get into Brooks and Taylor is brought to you by our good friends over at Chevy. There's a reason why we've never done the Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because there's only one and that's Chevy. That's a Silverado. Silverado's a beautiful machine. It's a big part of the, part of my take story. The Silverado got us across the country for the Super Bowl. Silverado drives us around at Grit Week. The Silverado sponsors the Lowman Trophy Hunter Lepke Lowman Trophy winner, and Chevy sponsors it all. It's been a big part of, part of my take throughout the years. It's the best truck in the biz. This thing has so many screens. It's got, it's got the biggest screen. It's got so many cameras for when you're trying to back into a spot, pull out of a spot, it makes it super easy to drive. It is a truck without standing grit. It's a truck that's determined. It's a truck that's stylish as well, and super, super comfortable on the inside. We love Chevy trucks. You will too. Go to a Chevy dealership. Sit behind the wheel of a Chevy. See how you like it. They've got the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. It's got a bold, blacked out look to it. That thing is awesome. You will love it too. Go to chevy.com. Build your own Silverado or Silverado hd, and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. That would be the Chevy Silverado.


The interview's also being brought to you by the farmer's dog. Blake just had the farmer's dog for breakfast this morning. He had the farmer's dog for dinner. He had the beef. He had the beef flavor. We're on a beef kick right now. He also loves the Turkey, loves the chicken. Stella's been on it for a long time. Yes, farmer's Dog is great dog food, and you want to make your dog happy, healthy, and full life. And the Farmer's dog makes real fresh dog food, And. it delivers it right to your door. The recipes are developed by Vet nutritionist made from real meat, real veggies, and they're portioned just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls and feed your dog real food with real benefits. When I say that they're portioned just for your dog, they make it very easy. I get a shipment of Farmer's dog, I put it in the freezer, and I take it out and I cut it open and I just squeeze that plastic tube out. That food that's in there, that's Blake's meal. So they know exactly how much your dog is going to eat, and they ship it to your door on a regular schedule so you don't have to worry about running outta food ever. If you feed your dog high quality food, it's good for their health. Your dog can maintain their ideal weight. It's one of the biggest predictors of a full healthy life. The Farmer's dog has a new commercial telling the story of a dog's unconditional love for its human, and reminds us that no matter what happens in our day, we can always feel good about doing our best. For our Canine Companions, check it out on their Instagram at the Farmer's Dog and get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/pmt, get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/pmt.


And now here's Brooks Koepka and and Taylor Gooch. Okay, we now welcome on longtime recurring guest nominee for Blake of the Year. And then we also have a new guest, Taylor Gooch in the studio. Liv. Guys, welcome. I was gonna ask the first question. It's gonna be about Blake of the year, but I think that probably is going too hard, too fast. Taylor, I was, my first question for you was your last name. It's pretty memorable. Yeah, True. I mean, it's just kind of the elephant in the room. Like, I mean, I, I I, I don't know why I have a first name. Yeah, You're just, you're just the Gooch man.


Yeah, Just the Gooch. You Just Gooch. It's not a bad golf nickname because it means that you're always close to the hole. Yeah. Hey, there's a, I I don't think you can say anything that I haven't heard already on the golf course. Yeah, yeah. Wait, wait, what point were you like, oh, this, like, was it like 10, 11 years old where you're like, oh, it kind of sucks. I, I feel like maybe like in a movie or something, they said like, Gooch, when I was like, you know, 10, I'm like, hold on a second. What are they talking about? And then you quickly learn what they're talking about. Yeah. Because that had to be a big, like, life changing moment where you live your first 10 years being like, oh, my life's totally normal, Gooch what? And then the minute it clicks, well, this kind of changes everything. Yeah.


Correct, correct. Yeah. But hey, like I said, it's memorable. Yeah. And also in your defense, like, I mean, you're a professional golfer, so it's like you're kind of beating everyone else. 'cause that's golf. Being a professional golfer, the one sport that it feels like all these dudes play late in their life and being better than all of them, that's gotta rock It. It does. Until it doesn't. And then everybody beats you and you're like, well, I suck now. Which has happened a few times this year. I mean, it's a, it's a humbling game, but it is nice going back home with the boys and cracking a few, a few cold ones and kind of beating them with one hand, basically. Yeah. Makes It fun. Do you still golf for fun?


Soberly? No. Yeah. Smart Answer. Yeah. Yeah. Correct answer. The only Answer, it's practical. Yeah. Because it is the, it is the One thing that I think most people, I'd say like 50 or 60% of adult, at least adult males that have good jobs, they do your job as their vacation. Yeah. They plan their entire vacations around what your job is. So, so one of my good buddies is the catcher for the Phillies. His name is JT mto. We, we grew up together and we have a bunch of buddies back home that are still tight And, we still get together in the off seasons and stuff. And for years, the the debate was who's got the better gig? The baseball player or the golfer. And I always used to say, dude, like, when was the last time you paid for a flight?


Yeah. When was the last time like you carried your bags? Like, when was the last time you went over and your game check wasn't there? But then his argument was always, dude, people work their whole lives to be able to retire and do what you do for a living. Yeah. I'm like, ah, that's kind of True. Yeah. True. JT Rio MUTOs in my fantasy league, or I'm in his fantasy league. Yeah. I gotta talk some shit. You gotta gimme some dirt on him. Yeah. I I got you. Okay. For later we'll talk out. Yeah. Yeah. I mean the being a professional golfer Yeah. That is like, everyone's feels like everyone's dream. I wonder does podcaster go there at all? No. Watching football all day. Yeah. The Watching football Part, Brooks is kind of jealous of us. Yeah. Yeah. Pete Sitting there, he text every now and then being like, I kind of wish I was just sitting in the gambling cave.


Yeah. That's one spot. I do wish I was on Saturdays and Sundays. Yeah. And there are a few people that work for the company where their, their primary job is just to sit down on live streams and watch games. Yeah. And those people. Yeah. That's, that's, that's a Great game. That's the best job. Dave's just gotta hire me. Yeah. Simple. Yeah. Yeah. You guys don't have any squash beef? No. No. Yeah. Perfectly fine. Everything Good there? So we, we gotta talk about the, the big elephant in the room. Your Blake of the year performance this year was abysmal No. Showed What. do you, there's, there's a lot of people out there. Like does he want it, is he, is he invested in this now in your defense? Every single time we do Blake of the year. You are somewhere abroad. Yes. Which doesn't help, but a lot of questions.


And wondering if you, if your heart's still in it. I set out, when I woke up that day, I was ready, I was ready to answer the phone. And then there was, I don't know, 15 tequila shots in between then. And then somehow forgot about my phone. Don't even know where it was. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, it was a pretty poor performance. Yeah. I Might, I might argue on your behalf though, because one could make the argument that that's the most Blake move of all time to get so drunk during Blake. Correct. I agree. That's the way I was, that You forget about Blake of the year. Correct. Exactly. This is our Barrett Robbins moment when the, remember when the guy on the Raiders Yeah. Like went to Tijuana right before the Super Bowl and just got drunk and pissed off. Yeah. That's what you did in This case. That's what I did. Yeah.


It and next year's my redemption year. It's like BALs and Griffin kind of a try hard move. True. Being right. Ready to answer their phone. Yeah. And get hop on the Zoom call immediately. True. And They're quick too. Yeah. Yeah. The One thing. We, I think we had to wait like three, four days before I even remotely looked at my phone again. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Before I responded. Yeah. The thing you have going for or going against you is that your name's not actually Blake. So if, I don't know if, if you could say that. Like, if you're not a Blake and you're partaking in this type of extreme Blake behavior, like are you or is that Blake appropriation? Ooh, that's a good point. So Why not to legally change it. You'll Have a, you'll have a chance. Yeah. Actually, if you did, you wouldn't even have to tell anybody. You just go to the courthouse and do that on your own.


And then you just have a certified document that says that your name is officially Blake Keka. We'll keep it in here. Yeah. We'll keep it in here. You Have another kid named Blake. That's True. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Are you getting excited for the President's Cup? I don't even, it's this weekend, right? Is it? Yeah, this weekend we might know my, I thought air this after. Oops. Oops. I Think it's, I think it's like two weeks from now. Yeah. I wanna say like the 20th sometime around now. Is that what it Is? Yeah. Okay. There's a two on it somewhere in the twenties. Okay. Who Decides you guys can't be in it? The tour. Oh Yeah. So the tour runs the President's Cup. Yes. I think the PGA tour actually does run the President's Cup.


And now I don't want to give you any tip scooch, but you need to make a big stink about it being like, is this bullshit? 'cause I would've been in it. You'd be like, they're holding me back. You're basically getting, you can just Put an asterisk. Yeah. You can argue that. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. you know, I don't like causing any chaos or anything, so I just, I'll just let them do their thing. That's a good headline though. Gooch makes Big Stink. Yeah, He did. Yeah. The, the asterisk. Yeah. Throwing asterisk everywhere. So wait, do, do you think they're gonna change that? It feels like they're gonna change it, but I don't know. I feel like they, You were on the Ryder Cup. Yeah. I mean, I feel like over like two years from now, I think we'll all be laughing about this and I'll be playing somewhere. It might be a Liv versus PGA tour thing. Yeah. Who knows what it could be. So we'll See. Well, yeah, I mean, there is a, a merger in place, right?


Isn't there? Yeah. A framework. Yeah. Yeah. I heard that. I first, I heard there was an outline, and then I heard that there was a framework and then I heard there's A bunch of deadlines that Yeah. Come And going. We gotta hit the deadlines and then miss a couple deadlines. Yeah. Yeah. Do you know where? Go another One. Have you heard anything as, as players in the Liv tour of where this framework is right now? No. Are any of the points from the framework? No. Have you looked around? Like it could be in the locker room somewhere. If there a framework? It could Framework Yeah. Be, you never know The framework in the room with us right now. There might be, might be a few frames. Maybe. Maybe the big sticking point is whether or not you guys can wear shorts. Ooh, that seems like a non-negotiable to me. Do you guys like the shorts? It's so much nicer, but You do look ridiculous. I mean, I always look ridiculous.


Yeah. But I, it does, like, there's something about golf where it's like, why are these guys wearing shorts? It, you should play golf in shorts. But for some reason, because we're so, so conditioned to watching guys in pants, when you see the shorts, you're like, this is not what's going on here. Yeah. Mickey, you mouse golf, right? Yeah. But it, it does, it has to. Like, how many strokes does it affect? Ooh, being in Shorts? I'd say at least two. Really? Yeah. Gooch, I mean, it, it affects Gooch. Yeah. It But it bunches you up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, hey, when you're, when you're in places like Singapore and you are sweating your nuts off Yeah. It is a game changer. Yeah. I imagine. Because I, I don't think I've ever, unless it was like raining outside or 50 degrees, I don't think I, I would ever wear shorts or, excuse me, ever wear pants on a golf course?


It's always shorts. Yes. You don't even wanna play when it's 50 degrees and raining. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, so Brooks, why can't we win a Ryder Cup on the road? Ooh, that's a good question. It's kind of tough. I mean, I did lose, what, nine and eight or the worst Loss? Wait, I thought you Won the last I did. I lost my one match with Scotty Scheffler. The best player in the world. Yeah. And. we both, no-showed nine and eight. It was a quick exit. Yeah. Had spent a bunch of time on the couch drinking. Okay. Got To watch. But then on that Sunday, I feel like you came back, right? Yeah. Yeah. I did already on Sunday. You had, You and Max basically just tried to protect America. Yeah. Max, max led the, led the charge then. Yeah. But is it, is it really that different, like playing on the road in the ride because it feels like it just flips back and, and forth Toez Home?


I don't, I don't think it is. I mean, two teams, somebody's gotta win. Yeah. And obviously home field advantage probably a little bit, but I don't know. I don't think it's anything. Yeah. Do you guys talk about it like before the matches? Do you have like a, a team meeting where you go over strategy like, Hey, we need to, we need to be good today at golf? Yeah. Yeah. We definitely have a few meetings. It just, sometimes, you know, you think you might be playing with one guy and then all of a sudden it switches up. You never know what's gonna happen. But there's no like, pump up speech in the locker room. No. And there's no rah rah speech. We're not, you know, headbut guys doing stuff like that. That would be kind of cool. Maybe that's, that would be, It could start that in New York. Could Saban in there. Yeah. Coach O From Ryder Cup. Yeah. Was there any point when the, when the whole, like, was it the hat controversy?


Was it a hat? Yes. Yeah. Yes. The no hat was, Was there any point where you're like, I'm gonna, I'm ready to fight. Like we're gonna go, we're go fist, fight this Thing out. I couldn't believe it. I didn't even know what was going on. I think I was back in the locker room, just chilling and then get in the car and all of a sudden everybody said that Rory was, had a lot of pull me back energy. Yeah. Yeah, he did. That's Yeah. With the hat. Yeah. He was upset. Yeah. That's such a golf thing too. What? How'd this fight start? One guy had his hat. I mean that sports in general, a lot of pull me back. Yeah. Come on, man. Like golfers, you'd no chance of fighting. No. Yeah. Well there, I mean, there has been some beef, but you did squash the beef. There's, there's no more beef at all with Bryson. I mean, you guys are gonna be teammates, right? Yeah. And the match against Rory and who?


I don't know. I dunno if he's letting, he might be in prison. Who knows? Rory And Scotty. Scotty. Scotty, Rory And Scotty. Yeah. Hopefully he's not arrested on the way to the course. So Rory and Scotty versus you and Bryson. So it's safe to say that the beef is, is way over and, and gone with between You and Brison. Yeah. Yeah. We're done. Was there a moment where you guys shook hands and you said, okay, beef ended? Yeah. I think it was, I think obviously the live conversation, that was kind of the big turning point. It's like, Hey, we gotta work together with this. But also it's, I mean, for five years it's like, all right, finally we'll just move on. Yeah. Yeah. It, it ran its course. I didn't wanna beat 'em up Too bad. Yeah. I think we were the last two people who were still beefing on your behalf. Yeah. And. we had to like, put down the flag where like, everyone's like, no, Bryson's actually not, But the Brandy chamblee.


Yeah. That stuff that's still going Beef's still going with that? That's still going. I think we're gonna keep that one for a long time. I'm Cool with Bryson right now. But I just want you to know there is like a hair trigger where if, if I even get nudged in the direction of re beefing with Bryson, I'll do it right. I I just think you should go back to the paper Boy hat. Yes. Yeah. Agreed. Yeah. I think we need a little bit of that. Yeah. A little bit of flare. Yeah. We want, we, we trying to get Bryson on to officially squash the beef here because you've squashed it. But like, we need to squash it because we did a lot Of You need Evidence. We were on the front lines for you for a very long time. You were. I'll say that We have some like battle scars that we need to probably talk through, be like, Hey, we, we said some things. You said some things. Yeah. We need to get 'em on. Yeah. I don't think he ever said anything about us. I think he thought about us.


Yeah, he Definitely, oh, he, yeah. I think everybody, it wasn't hard to getting that hat. Yeah, he, he, he thought about us quite a bit. Yeah.


This interview is being brought to you by Paramount. Plus listen up. AWS football season is officially back. Paramount Plus is once again your home to stream the NFL and CBS all season long. You can stream your live local CBS game on Paramount Plus every week all the way through the a FC championship. Don't miss a must see week two matchup. We've got Patrick Mahomes, Travis Kel, and the two time defending Super Bowl Champ Chiefs. And they are hosting Joe Burrow and the Cincinnati Bengals at Borough Head. Gonna be a great game. Your Paramount Plus subscription also unlocks and all access passed 24 7 NFL content all week long. Paramount Plus is a football app. You need to have football apps ready to go for football season. If you wanna watch football, you wanna watch CBS, you have to have Paramount Plus on your phone. You can get up to the minute news and updates at CBS Sports HQ on Paramount Plus. You can make sure your fantasy team that nobody else cares about is ready for victory with the fantasy football today and so much more real football guys and gals know you only have a certain amount of football games left in your life and you don't want to miss any of them. So sign up, sign in to Paramount Plus today. Stream the NFL and CBS all season long at home or on the go. Paramount Plus plans start at just 52 50 a month for 12 months. Terms and conditions apply. They start at just two 50 a month for 12 months. Check it out now.


And now back to Brooks Kka and Taylor Gooch. So you guys are in town this week. What's, what's the goal? What are we gonna, what are we gonna look at on Sunday? Trophies? Yeah. Trophies. Trophies. Yeah. Yeah. So how, how is team golf? Like, it's so weird to me. I still don't really understand, like I know how team golf works, but is it, did it take a little time to get over like, Hey, this used to be a sport that we just only care about ourselves and now we're trying to be actual teammates. I Think it's one of those things where if you, you go out and you go do what you gotta do, and then you're just looking at the leaderboard, hoping Gooch plays well or G Mac. Yeah. If he's playing and then, you know, krack, you just hope they're playing well and then just add 'em up at the end of the day.


I mean, it's like Belichick says, and same said, just do your Job. Yeah. Do you guys though, ever fall for the trap? Like, when we go out Hank PFT and I And, we are trying to do something as like a three man scramble. It's within maybe two shots. We just blame each other. Like, do you ever, like, Hey, I, we lost, but I won. Like I played better than you. I mean, if we start playing scramble golf, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Which would be, which would be fun. We start our own tour. Yeah. I mean, a scramble on on the tour would be very fun. I think so. I think that's what I'm saying. We've gotta start our own league. You wanna do it? Let's Do it. Okay. What are we gonna call It? The Gooch. The Gooch. The, the Gooch we Go. Yeah. Yeah. I'm down the afternoon Gooch.


There we go. I thought a good format for golf would be if you just took your best nine holes, no matter what holes those were. And just like squirt the par you just pick. Yeah. You squirt the par. So like, I'll go out there and I'll probably have like seven or eight holes where I just take the max and I'm like, fuck it. But it's okay if you do that because you're only counting your top nine holes. So halfway through a hole you can be like, I'm not gonna use this hole anyways. I'm gonna pick my ball up, go on my way. Just Go sit in the cart and have a beer. Yeah. Go sit in the cart, have a beer. The round moves along a lot quicker. We're in, we're out in like three hours. Yeah. I've always said 18 holes is too many. Yes. Yeah. What's the perfect amount of holes? I think it's 12. God, That's a great question. I mean, you've Said I I've said 12. Yeah, Because like the black out, right?


Yeah. 13 through 17. 12 is 'cause 12 also is like, you could go golf and be done in two and a half hours. And that's like, 'cause for me personally, I would love to golf more, but I can't be like, hey, to my wife, like, hey, I'm, I'm gone for next, going six Hours, five hours. Yeah. Good luck with that. Yeah. Right. It doesn't work. But like two and a half hours you could do that and just be like that. That's not a huge time. Commit. Perfect timeframe right there. Need More. 12. I think there are a couple 12 hole golf courses. What do they call those executive courses? Yes. Yeah. That's such a cool name. That is, you're like, yeah, I'm a CEO. Have You guys, I'm, I'm skipping work to come golf here. I'm a CEO. My time's important. I can't do 18 holes of golf. Yeah. When was the last time? So you guys have played so many courses all over the world.


When was the last time you were wowed by a course? Like, this place is insane. It's been a while. Yeah. I mean, Augusta go every year. Yeah. And it's like, it's in perfect shape. It's phenomenal, but there's not many Shadow. Shadow blew my mind. A few years back when we played on tour there, they had like, it took me six holes to find a divot. Like it was in such perfect shape. I was like, did you play that? Yeah. Where is it Dude? In Vegas. In Vegas. So it was a little blurry. Yeah. Okay. Got it. Yeah. It Literally like took six holes before I found a divot in the fairway. And I was just like, this is insane. Yeah. Insane. That's crazy. Yeah. I mean a, a good, I don't know the difference between any of these golf courses.


so if you take me, if you took me to Gus, I'd be like, this kind of looks same as all the other ones. No, the green, you would notice the green. It's a different color there. Yeah. Yeah. No, but you Can go play the one we're playing this week. Yeah, we are, we are. It's perfect. Are you, are you a little bit afraid to see me back out on the course after what I did to you? I'm, yeah. The beatdown I got last time was pretty good. So we're gonna have to figure out something new. You're also in trouble because I found on Instagram, I found a, a driver that doesn't slice. Oh yes. I think it's illegal, but I have It. Yes. It goes left. No, it goes straight every time. It only goes 200 yards, but it goes straight every time. That's perfect. Yeah. Yeah. I have a bunch of buddies that would want that, by the way. Yeah, you could. I'll I'll hook 'em up.


I'll hook 'em up. Alright. So Florida State sucks. Yes. Very bad right Now. What's going on there? I don't know. Is it a lack to watch? NIL It could be Because you have money when You get the piff involved. Yeah. Yeah. We bring the Piff. I know the PIF was Supposed to Was it beyond trying to do that? Or somebody in Colorado? Yep. Yeah, I saw. Yep. Bring him to Florida State. We'll be fine. What, what's I mean, Owen two after last year? Like what are you gonna do? Yeah. I don't know. Find more NIL money. Okay. I guess that's the answer. I think I Not the coach. I think it's a bit of both. Yeah. DJ U Yeah. Marvell, I don't know. Great. It's not great right now. Yeah. And then The vibes aren't good. And Guc, you're a big Oklahoma State guy sucks. That Oklahoma's out of the Big 12, but your season's going Okay.


I love Gundy Gundy is the man. Yeah, the man. Did you see what he was saying earlier? Maybe it was yesterday. They asked him about, they had some transfer in and they were like, so why'd you pick him? He is like, do you want me to tell you Coach Sa, or do you want me to be real? Yeah. And they were like, we want you to be real. He goes, he was affordable. Yeah. Right. I love Gundy. He's, he Gundy's a perfect example too, of like, you gotta know what you are in college football and not try like having Gundy, you know, you're gonna have a good competitive team every year. Yeah. Maybe you won't win a national title, but there's still some fun in it. Like, I'm going through that right now with Wisconsin where it's like, we've made these transitions. Like, I just wanna go back to winning nine games, 10 games. Yeah.


That's cool. you Know, eight or nine games at Oklahoma. State is a fun season. Right. Fans go, they have a good time. You could win any game at home. And Gundy is always, he's just so fun to watch. Like during the games, I saw him just screaming at the refs in that game against Arkansas. And you can't tell me that. The refs don't think about that in the back of their head. They're like, I really don't wanna piss off Mike Gundy. Oh, a hundred percent. They don't wanna get hit with the mullet. No. Like playing simple. No, he's the best man. He, he, he, so he grew up where I'm from and I have a funny story about him. So I'm from this little town right outside of Oklahoma City. And so my freshman year at Oklahoma State, the golf team was great. It had like Peter Uline and Morgan Hoffman, Kevin Twe, like all these, all Americans.


And I'm just this little freshman showing up. And so I kept joking with all of 'em. I'm like, man, y'all are like small fish in a big pond. Like where I'm from, I'm a big fish in a small pond. Everybody knows me back home. Like I'm just messing with them. Right. I, I kept saying, I'm like, man, I'm a hometown hero. Y'all know nothing about that. And Gundy brought a recruit on a visit to Carson Creek, the golf course. and we were there that day. And I hadn't seen, I hadn't seen him since I was like a kid. And so he comes, introduces the, the recruit to all the, you know, golfers and the coaches and stuff. Then he comes to me, he goes, oh fellas, this guy is a hero back home like this. This is Man. Oh, blah, blah.


And I was, I've been Hell yeah. Been telling you. So Yeah. Gun gundy's my dude. Yeah. He's, I mean, he's a, it's crazy. How old is he now? Because I feel like not 40, he's always 40 and think that he's not He's is he That's gonna be a big one of you Old when he turned 16. I think that he, that was 2007 maybe. The I'm the man. I'm 40. So He's, yeah, he's getting So that's 17 years. Yeah. He's 57 years old. Yeah. Yeah. That's gonna fuck me. Yeah. That's gonna fuck me up Bad. But then we get, we get to say it starting next year. That's True. We're about to turn 40. We're men. Finally. We're men. Yeah. One of my favorite things about Oklahoma State is the mascot. His name's Pete. Right. The, the different cartoon drawings that they do with Pete for every single sport.


So cool. It's the best. So the golfing Pete one is pretty good too. Yep. Swinging Pete. Swinging Pete, that's the name of it. Swinging Pete. Swinging. Pete's awesome. What's, what are the other crazy sports that they have in playing? I think there's a wrestling Pete. Oh yeah. Where he is like, he's grappling with somebody. My my favorite one's, the baseball one. It, it's, it's sweet. Like he's, it's just, he's got bat and he's just swinging. It just looks sweet. He is a great, he is a great mascot. I, I haven't seen they should have one. Like there's the equestrian is big at, at Oklahoma State. I bet there's an equestrian Pete somewhere where he is like riding a horse or something. Yeah, yeah. There, yeah. There's some good ones. It's just a fun, it's a fun sports university. I always say that the, the sky and Stillwater, you will never find a darker sky anywhere in the world than Stillwater at night for a home game.


The sky is neon black. It's a different shade of black than you'll see at any other college atmosphere. And when the, when the students are wearing, like, sometimes they do the black out there too. It's one of the most intimidating places to play, I think. Yeah. In college Football There's about seven stoplights in the town, so there's not a bunch of light illuminating the sky. So that, that, you're right. Like the, it gets dark there. It does Big, Cat. Look at, look at wrestling. Pete. That might be my favorite one. Oh, Wrestling. Pete's a fucking monster. Got jacked up. This guy seen It. I love that. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I, It's pretty solid. I forgot to say congratulations on the Panthers. Yeah, thank you. How Long, where were you when they won? Were you there? No, I, I promised my, I was in Nashville. Oh. I promised my wife that I would stay in Nashville.


She went to school there and lived there for about two years. So I stayed there. I actually went to the bar stool bar. Oh, nice. We, we had some fun. How Long did it take for you after they won for you to blink? Probably about three hours. Yeah. That was an awesome run. That was, it was phenomenal. It was So cool. I mean, the fact they almost blew it too was nerve wracking. Yeah, It was close. I was sweating it. Yeah. you know, between the, the bets and watching it and not wanting to blow. Yeah. Three oh lead was, was was a bit nerve wracking, but we had a few drinks to ease the pain. Yeah. Did you feel like there, it was like all the world against you at that point? Because I think everyone wanted to see Edmonton make that comeback. Yes.


I think everybody did. Yeah. It was, I think there was all of about everybody in South Florida, or at least that goes to the games that are fans. It was fun to see. Yeah. Gooch, who do you root for in NFL Cowboys? Man, I don't really have an, I love the NFL. I don't really have a team though. That must Be nice. It's kind of nice. You Get to watch it. Stress Free Heartbreak. Yeah. And I can just talk shit about everybody's team. Yeah. Suck. Yeah. Most people from Oklahoma are, are either cowboys or Chiefs fans. Just 'cause it's closest to That's a big difference in like, the last 10 years. Yes. Of which Cowboys fan? Yeah. Oh man. Wait, You're, you're a Packers fan. Yeah. I mean, you're a loser. Yeah. How are you? Pack warn loser. You're a loser. I love Brett Favre growing up.


Yeah. Do you love him? Still could do without the photos, but yeah. Photos, maybe some funding. Yeah. Yeah. There's staying outta trouble. Were you saying he should, he should. He could come back and play while Jordan Love is hurt. Yeah. It's gonna be interesting to see what happens in the next few Weeks. Yeah. Do you want Malik? You Don't want No, I don't, don't want, I'm not a huge fan. No, I mean, the fact that they're, I they're not gonna be able to play anybody but Malik Willis this weekend. I just, I wanna say for the record, I launched the biggest regular season bed of my life on the Colts minus three for next week. Oh, did you? Yeah. Because I just don't think, have you seen Malik Willis play football? Yes. Really good guy. Great, Great guy. Really good guy.


Cares about the homeless. Yeah. We're, we're in trouble, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Are you a Oklahoma City Thunder fan? No. Or Gucci. Gucci. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah, the sunglasses. Sunglasses, gotcha. It happens. Yeah. Yeah. You're a big Thunder fan. That's my only professional team. Allegiance thunder. So you Gotta be excited, right? Oh Bro, I just got, got my season tickets, like I'm, I'm pumped. Yeah. I, I scheduled out like all the like games I'm actually gonna be home for. Like, I'm, I'm locked in. It is a crazy crowd. We talk about it all the time. It's like the closest a a professional sports team has to a college crowd. Yeah. Everyone wears a shirt. Everyone, when they put those free shirts out, everyone wears the shirts out. It's unbelievable. Yeah, no doubt. It's very, very fun. Alright, so wait, how, how many more weeks is there in the live season and how does it end?


So this week is the last individual championship. Okay. That we're gonna have. So 13 events. Gooch won it last year. Oh, Congrats. Yeah. So this is the last one. And then the team championship is next week in Dallas. Oh, Okay. So that one, are you guys in, is it, I think we're in fourth Cumulative or Yeah, we're in fourth right now as a team. But yeah, we've got all our guys back this week, so hopefully we'll be to move up into That's what the first three teams get A, if you guys win, we'll raise a banner. I think we, We'll put up a banner. We're Gonna get one. We're gonna get one bigger. A smash banner in the studio being like, look, we're we root for winners here? Yes. Yes. So I'm in. Yeah.


What do you get, if you win, do you get, do you get a ring? You should. They got rings. You got one last year. Don't look at me. I didn't win anything. I'm saying the, the teams though. Oh, the team I think. Yeah, the team, right? Yeah. The baller. I mean we deserve six of 'em. You guys deserve one too, right? Yeah. Yeah. I would say so. Hank is a fan of your rival though. He's a big fan of the Four ACEs. Yes. Hank, who are Four ACEs? Hey, who are, who's on the four ACEs? Hank The Dustin Johnson. He prepared for this Oklahoma State. Peter Uline. Wrong. Fuck. Is it? Bad idea. Damn. You were one for one Varner. Yep. Yep. Is Perez still on There?


Yep. Yep. I thought was Uline on there last year? Yeah, He was. Wow. As fuck. Sounds like you're a Fairweather fan. Wow. Who is him? P Reed Patch Reed Off. Oh man. And he's a diehard four ACEs fan. I know. And that's what he's, he's Got swagged out in the gear I'm sure and everything. Yeah.


Alright, well I got one last question. Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts Rollback dot com. I have to bring it up so that Awls can hear it.


Have we had any further discussions with Jenna about her feet and Jerry? I have not. I did. Gooch we were asking Yeah. Jerry is interested in getting pictures of Jenna Beat the Jenna's streets, right? Yeah. Feet. Yeah. And he does a, he does a foot competition where a bunch of contestants come and females show off their feet and he would like Jenna to participate. So normal stuff Seems like a participated. Yeah, I did participate. That's the funniest thing I've Ever seen. Yeah. He didn't know I was a girl. It was like there was a big drape in front and I got my nails painted and everything and I made it through the first round. No way. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, it was all time clip. Oh my God. So I did participate.


You went against me. Oh yeah, that's right. I went against Max. I forgot I went against Max. Yeah, I think, I think we, we gotta get her this year. Yeah, we gotta get her in. How has she, has she talked to you about that? Or you just saying this? She Asked me what I was trying to sign her up for. Yeah. I think a couple, this was like a couple months ago and then I showed her the big cat's feet clip. Yeah. And she was like, I think I could beat that. Yeah. Yeah. I think Jenna's in, we'll we'll get her in. Yeah. We just need to Get, we couldn't get Baby Blake, but we can definitely get the feet in. We need to Get some piff money. A cash prize would be huge. Imagine if we, if We bring them in, Feed the streets for like $10 million. I why We Did it's quality competition for that. Yeah. Yeah. Brooks, I have to ask you about the suit that you wore on the red carpet.


Oh Yeah. Oh no. Yeah. The black suit. Yes. It looked like I brought it back. I was trying to get drafted in like the oh three draft. Yeah, that's what it looks Like. Old school man. It looks like Carmela Anthony on draft night. I was the most comfortable guy in that whole theater. Were You trying to send a message? Were you trying to like, set a tone for fashion, be a leader? Or were you just like, I'm Trend setter? Yeah, I'll just kidding. I was trying to set the trend. I was the most comfortable guy. I promise you. Everybody showed up in the tight suit and they didn't look comfortable sitting down. And meanwhile I was just chilling with popcorn and a beer and as happy as could be. It looks like either a Stephen A. Smith suit, I've seen him wear pants like this and a jacket like that. It, it looks like you're, if Chet Hayes was playing Johnny Johnny Cash in a movie. Mm. Yeah. That's kind of the vibes that you're giving up right Here.


It was though. Yeah. That kind of was taking some Fashion chances. It Did look comfortable though. Looked like it Flow. It was, yeah. It's great. Breathability. Alright, well go win a championship for us. Hey, we're trying, we're we're diehards. It's a banner smash. Guys, we, the banner will, we will raise a big banner in the office being like, smash champions. I love it. So, and if you don't win it, We'll wait till next Year. Yeah. We, we'll be a next year guys. We'll, we'll be like next year's our year. There's always next year. Yeah, there's always next year. Are you, are they gonna break up the smash? No. Brooke, Maybe you should do like a last dance thing. Tell the guys right before, like, hey, they're talking about breaking us Up. See, that could be good. Yeah. Get 'em all juiced up Instead of that Netflix thing. We could do this. Yeah. Yeah.


Wait, are you, you're not in the Netflix thing again? No. Yeah, no. I passed on that this Time. Yeah. I mean, the last time you're in it, they shouldn't have, they, they shouldn't film anyone around March Madness. That was, that was unfair for you. I thought it was. I had more important things to Do. That's if you put a camera in my face. March Madness, you're gonna get the worst version of me. Yes. Not that you came across well, but like you would, it would be bad for me. The funny thing about that was I didn't even participate in season two. It was just Jenna. Jenna just did a couple of the interviews and I was like, eh, I'm good. But then he still made the episode. Yeah. I don't really know what was going on. I was like, all right. That is Fucked up though. You were upset for reasons not having to do with golf, right? Yeah. That's didn't hit. Yeah, It was a, it was a low blow. But you know what, we Move on.


Yeah. Alright. Thanks boys. Best of luck for the championship. Go win it. Yeah, thanks. We'll see you on the course. Yeah.


Welcome Back to another Fire fest of the week. Brought to you by our friends over at Morgan and Morgan. you know what really sucks? Getting invited to get another wedding for like the ninth weekend in a row and having to pack up. Go to town, fly in, fly out Max. you know what else, what else really sucks if your quarterback doesn't tow for a hundred yards. Couldn't be me. While they can't help any of that, they can help fight to get you full and fair compensation when injured. Their fee is free unless they win For. more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or you can dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. For more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law Pound five two nine from your cell phone.


Okay. Fire fest the week to wrap up the week. Sending you into a football weekend. Henry, Daniel, Hank Give it to us. P ha ha. Monday. Yeah, that's the day of the week. Mondays are fire. Days of The week. Days of the week, days of the week, days of the week. Days of the week. There's Sunday Inn, there's Monday, there's Tuesday Inn, there's Wednesday, there's Thursday and there's Friday. And then the Saturday days of The week. Days of the week. That too many times I've, I don't think I've ever heard that.


Yeah. Banger. That's how it Teach kids days of the week. My house is just Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday Donuts, donut day Donuts. When Is donut day? Speaking of donuts, I went to the grocery store Monday. Eating healthy, trying to, you know, get some groceries, get, get my week started off right on the right note. I was in an aisle. I saw milk, whatever, grabbed it. Didn't think about it. One of those half gallons. Got home Monday night before I went to bed. Had a bowl of raisin bread. I like to eat cereal at at night. Not a cereal in the morning, guys. Cereal. Late night. Late night snack. Okay. Okay. Making 'em at night. What? What? You know the shake. He's making 'em at night.


Making 'em at night. And then in the morning woke up early before I went to the gym. Made a protein shake, used the same milk, started driving to the gym and had never had to shit my pants as bad in my entire life. Legitimately you Shit in the Audi. Please tell me you didn't hit the Audi Driving. I was Did you shit In the Audi I hutch in the Audi. I didn't even make to the gym. I came to the office. They got the Audi space because the gym that I go to has like one stall. So sometimes if you have to take a shit, there's a chance that it's occupied. So I couldn't even run the risk. I was like passing cars, driving borderline recklessly to get just to the office. Yeah. Disaster. Yeah. Disaster.


Stomach disaster for like two hours. Disaster. And I got home and I was like, what could it possibly have been? All I had today was just a protein shake. I bought lactose free milk. Oh, oh, Okay. So your lactose intolerant basically Intolerant. Basic did reverse. Yeah, I got reverse. Lactose tolerated. Yeah. Damn. Now. Which I didn't know was a thing. I don't know what, how, what lactose free milk Even is. No, wait, wait, wait. Why they sell it and why they sell it near the regular milk. Let me jump in real quick. You might, it might not have been the milk, it might have been the massive protein shake that you had. No, 'cause I had that every morning. Okay. No, no other ingredients.


No creatine. I have creatine every morning because Creatine can make you have the shits bad. But I, but it was unlike anything I've ever experienced. Like I've had shit. So, you know, you, you drink coffee in the morning sometimes. Gives you shit. You pre-workout gives you the shits. This was like, it was, it was a disaster. And it was a disaster for a while. Like it wasn't like, you know, you're, you're morning, you know, clear out the system. You never recovered For like three hours. It was pain. It was, it was, you know, sitting on the toilet contemplating life thinking you're never gonna smile again. Type situation. Yeah. Are you, you addicted to milk? You get a milk problem? No, I like regular milk. I lactose free milk is crazy to me. I didn't know what existed. Didn't read the labels?


No, I didn't know. I didn't even subject myself to the op. Like, I do that all the time. Hand up. Not lactose free milk, but I don't read labels ever. When I'm shopping I always come back with One thing. That was incorrect. you Know what it is? It is the red carton that they sell it in. It was blue. It was the blue carton. Yeah. Oh Man. Fair life. They do try to get you. And they got me and they got me dad. And if that's what happens to people that are lactose intolerant, that I sympathize with them dearly. I I have a take. Wait, what, what, what did Max gonna say? I think that I, I used to drink lactose free milk all the time growing up. I had someone in my family who's lactose And. we would only have that Milk.


Oh good. I have a take. Yeah, That's, that's a good comment, man. Yeah, yeah. No, I don't, I think I, I don't think that that that's what that was. I think that You, I'm happy you have that. 'cause I have a take off of Max is like you only Max is like, I only shit myself when I was drinking regular milk. Yeah. No, but I would drink regular milk too. I was fine. What I'm about to say is probably gonna offend some people and people are gonna tweet me and be really upset. I think lactose intolerant people are just pussies. I used to think that. Yeah. I just, I Come on, come on. When people are like, I can't eat that ice cream. I'm lact shut the fuck up. Eat the ice cream. I think that there are people that, that's not true for the most part of lactose intolerant people. But there are some people, people That become lactose into when they're 18 plus There. Yeah. There are some people that claim stolen valor off lactose intolerance.


Yes. Like there are 'cause it, because it, it becomes a personality trait. Yeah. There are allergies. I respect peanut allergy. Respect that you could freaking die. you Know? Oh, be allergy. Yeah. Be allergy. Respect the fuck out of that. Don't respect people who say, oh, the, the, the trees have, you know, buds on it and I'm sneezing in the spring. Don't respect that. And don't respect lactose. You don't Respect Pollen. No, I don't respect that. No, I don't either. I think pollen is just a sign of weakness. If pollen affects you, sign of weakness. I don't respect pollen allergy. I do respect the lactose thing. I don't, unless, unless it's borderline people that are like, yeah, I drink lactose free milk because sometimes my stomach gets upset if I have Lactose. Oh, milk. Don't respect it. Yeah. It's, it's, I respect lactose free. If you've been lactose free your whole life.


If you're 18 plus and then decide to become lactose intolerant. I don't respect it. I Just don't Respect it ridt me This, but now I kind of do answer This. 'cause if, if the reverse of what happened to me is what happens to them, then I would also be lactose intolerant. Or are some babies lactose intolerant? I don't Think so because you gotta, you gotta get that milk. Right. I Just, when it comes to allergy or things people are allergic to, if it could kill you, I'm fully on board. Like respect you like, you know, people have like shellfish, something weird like that where it's like, yeah, I could die if I eat that. No, that's just no joke. That's no joke. If your tummy hurts, shut the fuck up. My tummy hurts every time I eat ice cream. I'm lactose intolerant. I like it when people go to a doctor that specializes in treating like a lifetime treatment for, for being like gluten intolerant and they give them a test.


They're like, oh surprise. You tested positive for the thing that I actually solve. And that you have to keep coming back and seeing me for. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Like, oh, the only medicine is just gimme more money. Yeah. I'm happy I got that. My chest just scrap Big pharma, bro. Yeah, I've had that take for a while. I've never felt safe to say it, but I'm gonna say it and I know there's gonna be people like you don't know man. You don't know. I Kind of think of all other than peanuts, I respect peanut allergies. Yes. Because it kill People. All food. All food allergy. Nah. Shellfish is shell. Shellfish Is shellfish that Can kill you. Another one. Anything that's like you Need. I just don't like going out to dinner with people who have food allergies. It's basically very clear that if it's Shellfish, like you can legitimately shellfish. If you need An EpiPen, I respect you.


Right, right. If you are, if you like, oh, I got a little diarrhea, dude, that's my whole life is eating too much ice cream and getting diarrhea, like Shellfish and peanuts, they can take you out. Yeah. At at a moment. Moment's notice. Yeah. If, yeah, exactly. Tree nuts. TJ Watt. Yeah. Tree nuts. Yeah. I feel like that's an EpiPen. Yeah, It's an EpiPen one That's an EpiPen. Which my fault tj, sorry again. I wait. I'm Thought only tree nuts were just nuts. That literally that literally dropped from a tree. Didn't realize it was literally all the Nuts. I'm reading up right now that cow's milk can cause life threatening anaphylaxis. No, No. Never. Because they just word before. Yeah. And that would be, they'd have to drink like an entire cow.


We can get to it at the lottery ball. Pug is this person. He's lactose. I Feel like pug. Get him in here right now. Right, right now. I'm in here right now. Get plugged in here right now. you know What, I respect Hank more that he's, he's intolerant of things that are lactose intolerant. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. You're, you just got a man's stomach. Yeah. I'm reverse lactose intolerant. Yeah. You need it. I'm, yeah. I'm lactose tolerant as fuck. Yeah. Jerry claims that doing one of the challenges, drinking a lot of milk has made him lactose intolerant. That's that sounds like, yeah. That sounds, that's a Kamala voter. That's a Kamala voter. Pug. Pgy Our dear Pgy. Our lovely Pgy. We love you so much. Pgy. We wanna boop you forever pug. You lactose intolerant.


Yes. Like actually lactose intolerant. What Happens when you eat ice cream? I just like get very bloated. Oh, what's intolerant? Yeah. Rest My case. And I rest my case. Thank you. P you're dismissed. Appreciate your time. You, you, you, you, you have done exactly what I needed in front of the jury. What a moment. What a moment. So perfect. What happens? Fuck, I fart a lot. I did say, Yeah, get in line. That's every time I eat ice cream or Pretty much anything. But like, yeah, dude, if you gave me a, if you give me a whole bowl of queso, like I'm not gonna feel great after it.


Yeah. Well I, I've noticed One thing since I've been, I've been eating more salads recently. I get bloated on salads. Yeah. Dude, I might, I might be allergic to vegetables. I just eat too much. Yeah. Thank you pug. That was great. All time moment. I'm gonna eat a clip of that pug. My take was that lactose intolerant is just not real and that people are just pussies. I think it's, everyone's a little bit lactose intolerant and no one should actually eat. That was my as much dairy that we eat. That was my point, was like, I've never eat, I eat so much ice cream. My stomach hurts almost every time. That doesn't mean I'm lactose intolerant. It just means that, yeah. Every average to everyone. I go, I like to go to the limit. I go, I eat ice cream to the limit.


PFT, good Fire Fest Inc. My fest of the week is that I was watching clips of old football games early this week and there was an old was game, an old Redskins game. And watching the game, I felt excited to see that team And. it made me realize that the Commanders is just, it's the worst name for a team you could possibly have. Like say they're not bringing the old name back. It's not gonna happen. Josh Harris has been very clear about that. You can't go back to Redskins, but just seeing those colors and the logo, it actually made me feel for the first time, like, God damn, this new logo sucks so bad. Yeah. I don't, it's just the logo.


It's the same color. I don't, I don't feel anything. It's different colors though. We got like a different shade of burgundy sometimes. We got the black jerseys. It Used to pop more. It Used to pop more And. it It looked so cool. Yeah, it looked cool. That's the only thing I care about. It looked cool And. it made me feel something and now I'm just depressed that we have the shitty name and they got, they have to change the name. Yeah, you need a mask on. They have to change the, Hey. Yeah. Hank and I were talking about the mascot For the Be the Red Hogs Because like Yeah, well that's okay. Let's just say hypothetical. I hope they change the name, but if they keep the name, we need like a cool logo. That's not just the letter W Yeah, that's on the Side. Every time you wear that hat, I think it's a Wisconsin hat. It's, It's a bad logo and it's a, I don't like the name if they don't change the name.


Hank was saying that they should actually have like a cartoon president on there. And, we were saying it'd be funny if they took every President's name, put it in a hat, and then picked one out and then the cartoon of that one president was gonna be our logo. Man. Rock. If you got Garfield, it Would rock. If we got, If you got Van Buren, it'd be tough If we got ta William Howard Taft. Yeah. He's a big fat guy on there. Yeah. FDR would be funny too. Yep. Teddy Roosevelt, Obama, Teddy Roosevelt would rock. Teddy. Roosevelt would rock because Trump, everybody, Lincoln, everybody loves Teddy Roosevelt. He saved football. He, he absolutely plays as a cartoon character. Yeah. He'd be a great And Hank mustache. Hank will appreciate this. He actually got shot during speech. Hank Yeah. So you can get behind him Allegedly.


And he finished the speech. Yeah. Allegedly. I though You think, I think you need to be the Red Hogs. Yeah. The hogs would be great. The Red Hogs would be great. But it's, it's sucks. It's such a bad name. Nobody likes the name. No people that root for the team don't like for the name. No. People that happen to catch on the bottom line of ESPN, the word commanders, they don't even watch the game. They see that word and they're like, Ew. Yeah. Bad name. It makes everybody's football watching experience worse. It's a shitty name. Change it to something else. And also give me a fun logo to look at. Yeah, I agree. Because the w the w sucks. I agree with you. Alright. My fire fest, I got two. The first one's quick. I feel like I'm headed into an all time bad football weekend.


'cause the Badgers are 16 point underdogs to ba 'em going to that game. And then the Bears play Sunday Night Football against the Texans. Let's just say beware of hackers. I think I'm, I think I'm gonna be in a world of hurt late Sunday night. So all the people who just love just soaking in my misery. I had a lot of Packers fans be like, we like it just didn't hit the same on Monday. Having to listen to you be happy about one and Oh, it's One thing to be, you're Gonna get It. It's One thing if your team's bad and you watch them and it's buried in like a, an early game slate and nobody really pays that close of attention to it. It's another thing if your team sucks and everybody watches And I'm doing the bookends. Yeah. The, the Badgers play at 11:00 AM on Saturday and then the Bears play the last game of football on Sunday.


So I'm basically bookending what could be a disaster For me. You're gonna get a lot of potentially if you lose not ready for Prime time. Yes, yes. And then my other one is we went, so we had Brooks and Taylor Gooch on the show in studio. 'cause the Liv Tour is here. If you're looking to go watch some live golf Bolingbrook, that's where they're playing. We went out and played with Brooks today. Yep. Video should be out by what? 7:00 PM tonight, max? No. Oh. Not gonna press the button. All right. Well just tell, tell Max to press the button and the video will come out. But anyway, we went, we had fun. TBD video will be out. TBD got back hour and a half back, a lot of traffic.


Rush hour got back. Jerry, my caddy, who I drove with as we were leaving the course, I, Ryan Polls was playing in the, in the ProAm as well. So I went to go say hello to him and I said, Jerry, here's, here's the valet ticket. Here are my clubs. I'll meet you at the car in 10 minutes. Just make sure my clubs get in the car. Got all the way back to the office. Hank had gotten a call from the live tour that my clubs are in Bolingbrook. And if you know how I like golf, I don't think I'm ever getting them back. Yeah. My, I I don't care enough to get 'em back. I thought when I, when I found out the news, I was like, Big, Cat is just gonna quit golf now. Yeah. The clubs are too far away. Too far away. Those are lost clubs.


Yeah. They're they're Gone. I'm never getting 'em back. That's The universe telling me it is. What it's, I'm not gonna golf anymore unless Someone gets 'em back for me. They're never coming back. To be fair to Jerry, I was talking to him afterwards and he said that Hank went up to the car too and sat in the car for second. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That was another part. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, that, whoa, whoa. Wait, wait, Wait. Hank lemme, lemme finish, lemme finish. He said that you went to the car and that you sat in big cat's car and then you left and then you got in your own car and drove home. So that makes you equally responsible to Jersey Jerry for not picking up the clubs. What Jerry didn't mention is the reason why Hank had to go to my car is 'cause Jerry couldn't figure out how to put my car in park. Yeah, but you're not seeing, There's a button that you just press for Park.


And Jerry had been sitting in the parking lot with his foot on the brake for like 10 minutes waiting for Hank to save him. Yeah. You're you're missing the force for the keys though. He could Hank at one point was next to the car that was supposed to have the clubs in that jerry jersey. Jerry should have loaded into the, into the truck and then Hank left that car. So he's equally to blame his jersey. Jerry. Yeah. So they're gone. Oh, well that's it for me in golf. That was my golf career. Clubs left 45 minutes away. Death, maybe we'll play that course in the spring or something. Maybe they'll just hold my clubs. You just Treat it like do a country club. Yeah. It would do like a Giveaway. Yeah. I mean, they're just there. It's just like, do like a Scavenger hunt and leave him around The course.


I told Jerry that it's his responsibility to get him back. I don't have high hopes for him to get him back. I don't really care, but I want him, I, I'd prefer to have them back, but Yeah. In terms of losing things, I, golf clubs, Whatever. That's almost like a canceling plans rush that you could get. Yeah. Like I'm not golfing anymore. My clubs are 45 minutes away. I don't have Clubs. So Yeah, you could just put 'em outside for the live tour event with a sign that said free to a good home. Yeah. We'll figure it out. And when I say we'll figure it out, we won't. Someone else will. And if they don't then it's figured out. Okay. Max, finish this off. You got one? Yeah, it can be quick. It's basically a continuation of last week's fire fest when I said that I was snoring.


Oh No. I just got told maybe in a serious note, probably 5,000 times that like my, my dms forever will just be rem remedies on how to stop snoring. And at the end of the day, they're all just like doctors telling me that I'm, that I'm fat. Yeah. I actually had a doctor, Dr. Dan hit me up and say, you're fat. He's fat. Yeah. So that was basically the whole thing. And then I'm, I'm saying publicly now that I am going on a diet at the start of football season to get ahead of football. Listen, me and season and p ft have been dieting. Yep. Yeah. So let's go. No, I know we've been, I've been lifting, But, but today you were, today we, when we get meals together, we have to get, we have to get healthy meals.


I think what we need to do, that's never going to happen. But we need to do, But We're all kind of in the same boat. Boat. No, here's what we gotta do. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That you are you trying to eat he fact or fiction? You were on the phone today and you were saying like, I want to eat something healthy. Yeah. We're not in the same, in the same mode of wanting to eat healthy Hank fact or fiction. You're shitting your brains out constantly. Yeah. Maybe you could mix in a salad fact In the same, Here's here's the solution. Here's are in the, Like obviously me and P are not in the same boat. Well, Boat high cholesterol, I have high cholesterol max. Don't say I'm Not fat. Here's solution, here's the solution. But That's not what I'm saying. Here's a solution. It's very easy. Why am I getting worked up? This Isn't, Sundays are a no-fly zone.


We can't do it on Sundays, Thursdays we eat healthy. That's fair. I'm, I'm That's fair. I'm willing to, 'cause it's, it's really like Sundays are my cheat day. I'm just like, I don't give a fuck. We're gonna sit and watch football. I'm gonna eat whatever I want to eat. Thursdays are the unnecessary, let's try to be as a group, try to eat a little healthier. Maybe we have Donny start cooking us meals on Thursday. I'm down with that. I'll pay for it. I don't care. I think we Sure. We just order from a place that has salads as, as an option. Yeah. But like good. Like I don't, like sometimes we'll get a place that'll have like two salad options and they're both shit salad. Yeah. No. We need to, no, This is, there's nothing worse than like getting food from a good place Max. And you're just eating shit salad.


All you gotta do, and I say this as someone who fluctuates weight more than Oprah. Any, the only time it's ever worked for me, which I've been doing recently, is just during the week. It's no carbs. Nah, that's bullshit. Okay. Well that's the, that's the way you gotta do it. No, but I, IBS are the enemy would go like low. No, no. I, I, calories are the enemy. I don't Think carbs are the enemy. It's Easy. Calories in, calories out Because I need, I need my oats. You gotta have the Oats. I have to count calories. If you Eat, if you don't eat carbs, the weight will come off. But that's because it's ca like you just have to like put your, Just have to put your I at steak every night during the week. Yeah. No carbs. But like that isn't like, that's, that is not how I will be doing it. Okay. Okay.


I, I think Like I'll do, I'll eat like sweet potatoes, like tho like, All right, then you just stay fat and snoring. Yeah. No, you eat sweet potatoes. Fuck off. You're not the fucking king of weight loss over here. I'm not but I'm telling you, you're the only guy who's ever lost weight. No. The only time on the fucking planet. No, I'm telling you, the only time I've ever been Able To lose weight is because I just go No carb. But people lose weight in different weights. But the, I've tried every way and the only way, But you are different. It's not like you, but the only, But the cat says that he fluctuates more than Oprah. That when he is not eating carbs, he loses weight. Correct. And the second he has a carbohydrate, I blow up, He's back up. I'm like, pug being Ice cream. So I think ma I think max is right. There's a lot of different diets that can work and they could work in short term, but max, we just gotta be, we just gotta be healthy overall.


Correct. Let's just be healthy overall. Correct. I don't know why I wasn't expecting that this fired up during this. I'm just trying to help you. No, carbs is what worked For me. That's for you. But that, but it would work For You. That wouldn't work for me. Yes. Because I, it wouldn't What about treadmill? Wouldn be sustain Max walks? Yes, it would because it wouldn't be sustainable. What you gotta do, you gotta eat a lot of no carbs. No, because I I I, I wouldn't do it. I eat Boil carb eggs, Eggs every morning Like that. That wouldn't, I wouldn't do it like that. Like, but then on Could a weekend could, you can eat whatever you want suicides with him first. I start doing suicides before the podcast Tim Ferriss's diet. You can do whatever you want. I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do the way that I'm, either way I'm Down for Thursday Night's Health.


Yes. Thursday night's Health Cheat day. Sunday cheat Day. Sunday I Sunday we can't, we can't fake It. The problem with me doing a cheat day Sunday is that I also want to treat myself to another cheat day during the week. Yeah. So sometimes I'm like, oh, it's Saturday. It's my cheat day. I forget that I've got my regularly scheduled cheat day coming on Sunday. I'm not gonna go full cheat day Sunday because I drink on the weekends. And you don't. That's a, yeah, that's true. That's True. That's true. Yeah. You do drink a lot. Vodka. You Drink a lot. Vodka soda. That's also Aquila And tequila. Also a meth are the same amount of calories as as Coors Light Max. Do you think that maybe if you drink less, that would help the snoring? Yeah. No, that, that's definitely a Max.


It's a mystery why he keeps snoring. All right. We got, I drink 60 beers a Weekend there so many weddings. I have another wedding this weekend. Yeah, That's true. You are getting weddings And also at weddings there's not a healthy option. And there's appetizers. I love Appetizers. Yeah. The walking. But you eat those standing up. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Alright, let's Also, you dance at weddings so you exercise. Yeah, That's true. I'm a big dancer at a wedding. I Bet you are. You're a tire on the the Head guy. No, not that. Yeah, You're


alright. Today's lottery ball segments brought to you by JackPocket America's number one lottery app. Order Mega Millions Powerball and other official state lottery games on your phone with JackPocket new customers. Get a free ticket using code PMT. That's code PMT. Download the JackPocket lottery app today. It's super easy and you could maybe win some Mega Millions or Powerball with JackPocket. It's an app on your phone and you can get their free ticket using code PMT Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY 18 or older 19 plus in Nebraska, 21 plus in Arizona Void. Were prohibited. Promo code required for $2 non withdrawal credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings. Terms JackPocket dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket dash promo slash numbers 29 56 8 you FC in me. Have you ever gotten this? No. 3 97 po. 2115 timbo, that's hit recently. 15. Love you guys.