
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take football, it is week six in the NFL. We're gonna talk about every game from Sunday. We had some blowouts scoring might be back. We might get some coaches fired. We also have a weird coaching situation in Philadelphia that we're gonna talk about. Great Monday pod for everyone. We got who's back of the week as well.


We're gonna start with Fastest two minutes, and it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The rollercoaster of an NFL season is moving right along. And, it promises to be a month full of tricks, treats, and of course, touchdowns and DraftKings sports book and official sports betting partner at the NFL is the number one place to bet touchdowns running it in from the one or an 80 yard bomb We. Don't care how they score touchdowns. We want to bet on them. DraftKings hurt us and is delivering Ready to place your first bet, Try betting on something simple like a player to score a touchdown Go to the DraftKings Sports Book app and Make your pick. I think Braylin Allen's gonna score on Monday night. That's not, that's not an official pick, but I just have a feeling the Jets are gonna maybe run the ball. So here's a reason for new customers to do a touchdown dance of their own bet. $5 to get 200 in Bonus bets instantly. Score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download. the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five Bucs only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus Bess expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy. A Yeah. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings Score big with Draftking Sportsbook, the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download, the DraftKings Sports Book app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five Bucs only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, October 14th, week Six. Happy Columbus Day. To all those who celebrate, to all those Who celebrate the discovery of the new world, our, our and the football that came with it. Our wonderful Italian Americans, we starred in London Town where the Jaguars tried to build Hadrian's wall to contain Rome, but it wasn't enough. After Cole Ek Gala scored twice, and stop me if you've heard this before, but Jason Derule has just fallen down the stairs again. Keenan Allen wrench took a right angle for two touchdown scores.


Further bolting the screws on Doug Peterson's coaching casket. Doug. He's in a box. In a box in a box. Bears 35, Jaguars 16, Down to Baltimore, Maryland with a battle of the beltway. Don't Z gay flowers embraced man to man coverage as a wide receiver went for 137 yards. Marky Mark Andrews committed some hate crimes against the Washington defense as we were lucky. The game wasn't a tie. Late truth or Derrick Henry went s as the Ravens rolled to another victory, the Ravens 30, the Commanders 2030 Up to Green Bay, where they were saying, Romeo Romeo.


Where Art thou Romeo Dobbs reunited with his forbidden love Jordan that is linking up for two scores. Arizona couldn't hold a candle to melt in Wicks. And the Packers ran up the score leaving the Cardinals fishing for an answer. As their fans are saying, Michael Wilson, king of touchdowns, we, Hey, this hate on you. Packers 34, Cardinals 13, Down to the big easy word, Spencer gifts. Rattler threw very tacky balls to Arian Foster Moreau, who in true communist fashion, failed to capitalize on Bucs. God wins again. Atheist Sean penis Tucker showed everyone he was a man. Gina scoring twice.


And despite all my rage, I am still just a rat in the cage. As Otten had Saints fans smashing pumpkins early in the fourth quarter as the Bucs put up a 50 burger. The Bucs 51. The Saints 27, we Head on over to Foxborough for Drake. Mays first game. Hank, you looked at me like you weren't ready, but Hank's ready. You mean we go over to Gillette? We're at long last. It was time for the main event. CJ Sean Stroud took the Texans down, down, down, down, down, down the field. It threw a touchdown to tank.


Dun, dun, dun Dell to get this scoring started. Joe mixing a water, added a rushing TV of his own. Before October's very own Drake may found K Sean. Booty, booty. Booty, booty rocking everywhere for a 40 yard score. Speaking of booty everywhere, Stefan, coach D scored on a glitch play as the Texans roll over the Patriots. 41. 21. I thought I had some more, but I I don't know where they went. Boom. That's okay. Boom. I'm talking about homework. Boom. That's all right. Boom. Good job. Boom. To Sin City where Steelers Vegas was. The plot of Oceans 11, hoping for an easy W but ending up like easy e aids in O'Connell left with some bad blood towards Pittsburgh.


When asked Postgame about his touchdown run Najee, Kamala Harris said, I grew up in a middle class family and used to work at McDonald's Pittsburgh 32, the Raiders 13 over in Denver, where Bo Nicks doesn't deserve the ax. Even though he was body spraying the ball over the field. JK Rowling Dobbins was a turf monster, scoring a touchdown and racking up 96 yards on the day. The white Bronco himself, Riley Moss couldn't go fast enough down the LA Freeway as he took a few stabs in a big play, but ended up on the losing end. OJ Simpson's, dead folks.


RIP OJ Simpson, a much better player than a human being. Chargers 23, the Broncos 16 in Dallas, there were a lot of anger. Anger kicks made And. it looked like a Kareem Hunt video as Tim Patrick starred. And unless you've been living under a rock, the Lions are good. Lion Cowboys like Enus and Jack telling their wives, there was nothing happening up on that mountain. And much like that film, the Cowboys sucked on D, letting the Lions put up. 47 Dax Lente showed his asshole and his butt crack again. Big fucking deal. We've never seen an asshole before. Lions th 47, Cowboys nine. And happy birthday to Jerry Jones, the biggest asshole in the world Standing on the corner.


James Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fine sight to see another record. Lost the Eagles taking off. Can Browns in the season please? Ani hate Smacks shapes his head. That dog mass, he uses kids as human shields. Is he in Eagles 20, brown 16.


And that is the Fastest. Two minutes from week Six In the NFL brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Well, Silverado is a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of Pardon, My, Take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans and Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado has helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year at Grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit too legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com to build your own Silverado and Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week six in the books. We'll recap. Sunday Night Football, snooze Fest. Sunday Night Football at the end of everything 'cause it's still going on, but boys scoring might be back in the NFL Finally outside of Sunday night football. Finally we had nine games in week six where a team went over 30 points. Yeah, We had some great, great games. If you bet the overs today that the Bucs Saints game feel like that in basically the first quarter. That was insane. Yeah. Yeah. But we also had, it felt like a bunch of the favorites. One, not a lot of surprises, some statement games that we had Maybe The worst birthday Yeah. For Jerry Jones. Put that in the, in the tickler for for the take awards.


Worst birthday. Worst Birthday. Yeah. Yeah. So let's get into the games though. We have, we started with the London game, Bears 35, Jaguars 16. I very much enjoyed this game. I bet you did. This was a very fun game. This is why people wanting me to freak out after two weeks this game felt good because Williams was awesome. He threw four touchdown passes. He ran for 56 yards. He was actually the fourth QB ever to have four plus rookie, fourth rookie QB ever to have four plus tds and 50 rushing yards in a game. He also is the first QB pick number one overall in the common draft era to start four and two.


Yes. So It's so four outta six, which Pretty good start Is a little vindication of when I said that he was going into the best situation, a number one pick has ever gone into Yes. The offensive line, which was bad to start the season has looked a lot better. This is kind of what I'm talking about because the Bears defense continues to put, even with all their injuries, elite performances together every single week and essentially gives the offense like they, the, it's been 12 games that a team's gone over 21 points on the Bears and Caleb Williams, the Keenan Allen connection, just everything. You also, it all Looked awesome. You also had the, the Travis Hunter of the NFL today. Cole T Yeah. Cole T He had two touchdowns, right? Two Touchdowns caught. Two touchdowns. And then there was an injury to your long snapper. Yep.


So Cole T couldn't even celebrate his touchdowns because he had to run to the line of scrimmage and be the emergency long snapper. Yes. And I don't think he fucked up a single snap either. No, he, he didn't. He was, he was awesome. Keenan Allen was awesome. I it, that's been like a focus. 'cause he obviously started injured the season. Now he's, he's back and he's kind of the safety valve. Kale Williams touchdown throw where he hit him back shoulder, which was so perfect. It just, everything, like even Kle Williams one interception, which is a bad throw. He, you, you saw it. It was like DJ Moore was wide open. If he throws that correctly, it's a touchdown From that point on. He scored, he went four touchdown drives in a row. Yeah. So it's like that, that's the type of stuff that you see from Kle Williams.


And again, it's just like every week he's gotten better. People will say, well, they're playing bad teams. They're also destroying bad teams. And this is why I didn't freak out after two weeks. And this is why everyone who wanted me to call him a bust and everyone was like, he's a bust now. We see the Bears are foreign too, and I feel happy. I'm excited. George Two's a pretty good record. Four and two's a good record. And they listen. They've gotten better every week. And Shane Walden's gotten better. The offensive line's gotten better. Deandre Swift's gotten better. Get bye week coming up, get some guys healthy on the defense. Like we, we, we lost three defensive starters this week. So get them healthy. Everything feels good. We're not very smart on this show. And I think the only thing that we're smart about is how often we say that we're not smart.


We nail that take all the time. Yep. But we do know what sleep is And. we know how to optimize sleep. Yep. And so when there's a big sleep gap in between the teams that go over to London now obviously with the Jags, they got thrown off by the hurricane. Yep. I don't know what their plan was going into the week. If they planned on going over earlier, if they were always gonna go on Thursday evening or afternoon they were, or whatever they were, that was their plan. Okay. So I feel comfortable saying that's a shitty sleep plan. Yeah. You have to have a better sleep plan than that. The Bears got there on, or they left on Monday. They got there On Tuesday. Got there on Tuesday. Now they get, now they get to catch up on their sleep. Come back on a bye week. Yeah. And, we got got a, we got a hour back this weekend when we change the clocks. That's right. The, the Jaguars do do that that every time. And they are used to obviously going to London. So, and if you watch watching this game, you would think that the Jaguars were the ones that had more sleep.


Because in the first quarter the Bears were sleepwalking. The Jaguars had a nice 10 play drive to go down the field. And I think it was a field goal to start, but the, then it just flipped. And the Bears woke up And it was, it was just, it was such an enjoyable watch. I had so much fun. I'm not gonna make any crazy statements about Kle Williams going forward. I'm just gonna say I've enjoyed trusting the process of Caleb Williams and watching him get better every single week. He still has ways to go, but it's fun to see him do things that no other Bears quarterback has ever done. And he actually just tied through six games tied the record for most touchdowns. For a rookie Bears QB with Jim McMahon nine.


That's pretty good. Pretty good. That's, yeah, he's low Bar pretty good. He looks, he looks the part. Yeah. Today was a big day. I'm glad that you got to enjoy just like watching him and just being like, fuck yeah. This is cool. Yeah. He's everything that I thought he would be and yeah. So now the Bears get to come back, get more sleep, get caught up on sleep again. High week a little bit more. Yep. It's, I'd like to apologize to the country of England that we send the Jaguars over to them all the time. Yeah. For two weeks in a row. But you know what, those fuckers, they, we have to watch Pi Morgan on our TV all the time. Yep. You have to watch the Jaguars. I'm gonna gonna call that a wash. I'm gonna say that's a fact. I'm gonna say that's even, so now the Jaguars are staying over there. They're playing a double header next weekend. And it to Patriots. Right. So Yeah, I have a, I have a sad, this isn't really a sad Jaguar stat from a good friend and Uncle Chap's, but it's related to the Jaguars.


Okay. So this is actually first point out by Mark Long. It was a rough weekend for teams once coached by Urban Meyer Jaguars 35 16 lost to the Bears in London, Ohio State loses 32, 31 at Oregon, Florida falls 23 to 17 in overtime at Tennessee, Utah loses 27 19 at Arizona State and Bowling Green Falls 17 to seven to Northern Illinois. Damn. The stink is still on the programs from Urban Meyer. Damn. All over his fingers. That's bad. His stinky little fingers. He lost them all. Yeah. Yeah. The Jaguars are Andre Cisco said afterwards there was a lot of quit. Which is that, that's not good And. it feels like Doug Peterson is on borrowed time.


We've, we've talked about all the quotes he's had Shad Kahn on Saturday did a vote of confidence, which is never a good sign. He said, I still believe in them. I believe in the coaches coaching staff. I believe in the players. That means he does not believe in them. But he's stuck in England for a week with them. And he probably can't fire Doug Peterson in England, which would be hilarious if they did. Which yeah, the Jaguars just, they're bad. They were dropping balls like they, their defense, their secondary's bad. Just a really sad team. And. it brought me to a thought. Are we gonna look back and Max, this is no offense to you because flags fly forever. Banners fly forever. You don't apologize for it.


But are we gonna look back and say Doug Peterson, Nick Foles was the craziest Super Bowl winning combo of all time. I mean, it already kind of is. Especially it already Kind is when You consider who they beat in that Super Bowl. Bill Belichick and Tom Brady. Right. Like it is the craziest thing. Like Doug Peterson is going to get fired, probably Midseason here. Yeah. Is he a Malcolm Butler merchant? I it's, it's just nuts. Like we're gonna look back and be like, wait, that happened? Oh yeah, that did. Yeah. But yeah, it's, it's sad for Doug Peterson right now. I I don't know what else to say. Like, it just, Well he's all, he's all over it. He knows exactly what the issue is. He says we've got to change the culture, otherwise he get just gets outta control. We're on a slippery slope or right on the cusp of that slope. I'm sure we've got, at some point we've got to say enough is enough and you've got to have enough pride and figure out a way.


They asked him if next week was a must win. He said, I would say so. I would say everything here on out, quite frankly is a must win. I would say so for Doug, I would say that he's already lost a couple of the must wings. Yeah, I would say so. It's, it's sad for the Jaguars because it, it just happened so fast where Trevor Lawrence has, again, I, there were a bunch of drops, like his receivers didn't help him. But the regression it feels like that he's gone through has been severe and you've just locked him up to a long-term deal and now you have all these questions and man, it's, it's, it's sad to be a Jaguars fan. I feel like that changing, changing your flight home at this point, getting an earlier flight home if you're fired, that's a pretty hefty bill, right? Yeah. If you have like, like I'm assuming it's business class, first class coming back to change that up from like two weeks from now to like a week from now.


I guess it would be a week from now to like tomorrow. Yeah. If you wanted to fire him, that's probably, you're looking at like a $30,000 ticket I would imagine. Listen, it would be the most Jaguars thing and the funniest thing ever if they did fire him while they're still in England. Yeah. Like that would be the most Jaguars thing for like, maybe even wait till like Thursday or Friday. Yeah. Really Add add to the chaos. Yeah. Or they just, they say, Doug, why don't you come on home. Come home. You're not gonna coach the second game in England. Yeah. Like we want, we wanna put on a good showing for our British fans over there. Come back, take the week to regroup and then you're gonna be the coach when they get back in the us They, he Shad Khan should be like, Doug, I wanna meet with you in our facility in Jacksonville. And then Doug flies home and then Shad Khan just on a Zoom. Yeah. And he's like, you're fired.


Yeah, sure. Which that would actually be okay because you wouldn't wanna fly all the way home and then have to have a meeting then fly all the way back. They should If they, if they lose next week, they should just give them a boat. Like make 'em go out to Wales and, and catch a boat there and be like, here's your boat. If you can figure out how to get this back to Jacksonville on your own. There's no, no staff, no crew on it. Just you and your other coaches. If you can, if you can land in Jacksonville within like five weeks, then you got your job. Well you can keep your job. Hank do you have anything you wanna say to me about what? No. Oh, okay. Well I have a clip from last year that our darling Jake had a reminder in his calendar that he texted me over the weekend. Shout to Jake. Got a score. AAMI today.


Jake Got a score. aami congratulations. This is when you were peak laughing at me last year at the end of the Bears season. Go ahead play it. I'll say it. It's my super bowl. I don't care. This is right before the Packers game. It should be. And guess what? If the Bears win, Packers fans will be crying, crying, crying. And it'll be great. And I'll fucking love every second of it. You don't even know that we're playing to bounce the Packers. Yeah, I do. Lions did it last year. Oh. Oh, That's very similar. That's interesting. I know. Alright, we'll you know what, Jake put a reminder on this exact conversation. Yep. Week six. Next year when the Bears are four and two or five and one, this Is gonna age nicely. Okay. Oh, I can't wait for this. I can't wait for this.


The Bears are gonna be good next year. They are. That's on the Big Cat soundboard. The Bears are going to be good in 2024. I'm saying it right now. This team is playing fucking good football. Justin Fields looks good. Good guys are playing for each other. The defense is legit. We have all the draft capital, we have all the fucking cap space. I don't care that this might be a terrible soundbite for me next year, but I'm saying it right now and I believe, would you like to apologize to me? Don't you laughed at me a lot. I don't I don't think I laughed that hard. You did. I I did not say anything in that that I would like to apologize for. You laughed a lot at me at this point and I, I just called, I called my shy. I said week six we're gonna be four and two or five and one.


I wish we were five and one, but we're four and two. I think the funniest part of that video clip was the giant like family size thing of Tums that we have just on the desk. Slate season is very late, late in the season. It didn't jumpsuit January. Yeah, you Don't wanna say anything. You don't wanna say anything? I didn't say anything in that clip. No, but that, you know what happened before that clip? You, you mocked me and said the this team stinks and they'll always stink. Yeah, you did. I did not, never. I said they're building something at the end of last year and they're gonna, they're gonna keep going forward. I'm happy for you. Big Cat. I'm happy for the city of Chicago. Excited. Listen, I'm not, I I'm only taking a victory lap for you specifically. 'cause the Bears have a lot of season left. A lot of tough games left. It's a very unfinished product. I do not think they're some incredible team right now.


I do not think Kale Williams is some elite quarterback. They're working towards it. But you specifically just you I want you to say sorry. I will not say sorry, but I'm happy for You. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. I respect Hank not apologize. Yeah, That's fine. I There's nothing to apologize for. Well, you know what happened in the previous part of that clip also. I just had do, I'm on the saying no one wants the Bears to win more than me. Jake, Jake had a, he sent me the calendar reminder And. it literally said Remind Hank when the Bears are four and two or five and one after week six. So that was, that happened. You were right. You called your shot. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well congrats. Thank you. Congratulations On order. No, listen, The Bears haven't played. They played bad teams.


I get that. But they've also killed bad teams. All your wins are against teams that are Oh, here we go. Is that true? I like this. I like this. Go. I'm No, you have the stat. Go ahead. No, you tell me. I I can't remember this. Listen, Either the goalposts keep moving. I'm not Every single week not is true. I don't I'm I was asking you what is It, what's the stat? I don't know what the sta sta is. I believe all the teams, the Bears of beat are one in five. No, I don't know if they're one in, I think one of 'em is one in four. 'cause they had a bi week. So wrong, wrong stat. That was wrong. That's a very funny stat. Listen, I You see, you can't apologize who you play. No, Absolutely not. You please. When other teams light up bad Defenses, everyone says they're incredible. And when the Bears do, it's the goalpost move. I'm just not by me.


I'm not saying the Bears are an incredible team. Don't see the Titans. That's the win. They're beating the teams they should beat and they're actually beating the fuck out of 'em. That's the Win beat the Rams. How many wins did the Rams have? They Have one. The Rams have only won Win. Yeah. The Panthers and the Jaguars. Yeah, it's true. Listen, when do you, when when Jade Daniels plays well against bad defenses. Yeah. I'm saying we get happy. I'm saying you play who You play. Right. You when, when Drake may plays the Jaguars next week and he looks awesome. You should be happy. I will be. Yeah, exactly. You gotta, what am I supposed to do? They gotta play. They're killing Them. Yeah. They've Killed the Jaguars. They killed the Panthers Kme beast. Like K is a beast.


He is a beast. Yeah, he Is a beast. But yeah, like still they got a fucking really tough schedule. These were the games they had to win every game this week or, or last week. And this week I said we're must wins because if you don't must win them and you lose them, then you're gonna be stuck in a situation later on in the season where you're like, how did we lose the Jaguars? How do we lose to the Panthers? They're not stuck in that situation. Yeah. And so next up Commanders Yeah. Will be a will be a after the bi Week game tattoo bet. Yeah. I'll do a tattoo bet. Tattoo Bet. Let's do it. I'll get a tattoo. I don't know what I'm gonna get Warthog. No, you get a plane. I'm not gonna get a Wart. A plane of my choosing. I'm Not gonna get a warthog. I don't know what I'd get.


I'd probably get something. I don't know. Maybe just like a insult tattoo of Hank or something. Maybe Hank with without a beard. Mm. On the palm of my hand. Hank Bald. And I'll just do every podcast just like this bald, no beard. Hank how sick would that be? Hank Would look like Yeah, like powder bort. Yeah. I just had it right here and I was like, Hey Hank question. You wanna apologize. You're just looking at yourself. You don't see Too many palm tattoos. Okay, well, alright. IIII feel like I'm being reasonable, but No, it four Ford two Is great. I I feel like I should at least be Ha I can be happy. You should be people trying to steal my joy should be thrilled.


They're the goalposts. Do keep moving. But that's fine. That's just the not from you guys. I'm not I'm not saying you. Yeah. I honestly didn't know the stat about them beating one or one win teams. Yeah. No, We played bad teams, but we killed Them. It's just, it's just interesting that it's all the win-win teams. The Defense also has 13 takeaways this year. They're just, that they're taking the ball away, which is important. You gotta you gotta you gotta respect the ball. And you know what, the Jaguars have played a lot of games this year and you guys are the ones that made them quit. Yeah. They, they tapped Matt Eber flu. They one of the f the fumble that we had to start the second half. I believe it was right after, I can't remember who he was doing Sidelines. Said, talked to Matt Eber flu. He said at halftime we have to honor the football. I Like that. I like it. Yeah. Respect it.


I still don't love mad flues, but guess what? His defense plays hard and Shane Waldron has done better. Cherish it. Love The football, honor the football. Yeah. Okay, next up Ravens 30, Commanders 23. You wanna start? I mean, Ravens are really good. I'll Just say the Ravens are really good. Their defense played a lot better today than it has in the past. Dean Pce. Yeah. Dean Pase is back. Dean pce makes a difference. Dean Pase makes a big Difference. And yeah. The the Commander's defense is just bad. We're just, we're very bad on D and there was really no way that we could have won that game considering how our defense played. H Hank was, Hank just kept on saying this t this defense is the worst I've ever seen. Yeah, They're bad. They're very bad. Very bad. St. Jude had a really tough game today.


They just Forgot to use middle linebackers. Yeah. The middle of Za Flowers was just going everywhere. Middle Of field is wide up. Za Flowers is doing the thing where he somehow catches a, a dig with like, I don't know, 10, 15 yards of open turf around him. And he does that little spin move right after he catches it gets another seven yards. That was all day. And they could have run, they could have beaten us any way they wanted today. They could have gone to to Za Flowers. They could have gone to Bateman, right? Yep. He's their other receiver. They could've had Derrick Henry run for 300 yards against us And. it probably would've worked out for the Ravens. So the Commanders We got a lot of holes, especially on the like, you know, the personnel side of the defense. But I will announce that the Super Bowl window for the Commanders is officially open. Oh nice. This is the start Of the Super Bowl window.


Wow. We're not a Super Bowl winning team this year. I'm not thinking soupy this year, but I know when I see it, we have a Super Bowl window. We got a fuck load of cap space. we have a great quarterback. An awesome quarterback. Maybe the best quarterback I've ever seen play for my team. We've got some weapons for him. We need a couple additions here and there on offense. And I think we need to spend like all of our draft picks on the defense. Yeah. And, we need to get better. Free agency trade deadline, draft, whatever it is. Just focus on the defense because I think, I think the Super Bowl window is here. What about the the off now? It's open this year. Yeah. See I'm, I'm thinking the off like I don't think the NFC is as good as the A FC is. I think that we should be able to get Well the af the NFC north is really, really good.


It's insane actually the NFC north, if you want to talk some like crazy stats Right now Yeah, I have 'em as well. But go ahead. Okay. Yeah. We can get to those when we talk about it. Well Let's do it when we talk about the Packers, 'cause the Packers lead into the crazy Stats. That sounds good. So there's no torch passing today. No torch passing. But if you're looking at a measuring stick game, which by the way, I love the fact that they, they said that to Dan Quinn. He was like, no we're not, we're not doing measuring sticks. Oh we're talking about measuring sticks. I like that because that implies that they're not as good as the other team. It actually was a measuring stick game. It Was, yeah. And you guys measured Okay. We were Okay. The Ravens offense is the best offense in football. Yeah. Maybe the Lions, they're the be the Ravens are the best offense in the A FC for sure.


Lions are are looking like they're absolutely insane right now. While the Bengals just scored a touchdown impossibly a cover that was big Chase Brown. But the Ravens are just, they are the first team since 1971. Raiders John Madden's Raiders to have 150 plus rushing yards and a rush TD in all six of their first games. Mark Andrews, which we said on Friday was gonna get unlocked for the first time this year, scored a touchdown likely as a b save flowers everywhere. Imagine if they add Devonte Adams, which is, there's still a team that's, that's in the talks to It could be The Raiders could Could Like Schefter said, like he might just stay, he Might just stay. Yeah. 'cause he likes Aidan O'Connell, which is weird.


Yeah. But yeah. But yeah, they're an absolute monster of an offense. And I feel like that's, that's a game like you guys were, your defense just needs to get better. But also the Ravens are gonna do that to every defense. They did that to the Bills defense. They did that to the Bengals defense. They, they're gonna do it to every defense. We never had a chance in that. Like we get that, that interception off the Mark Andrews drop on the first first drive. Then there was that fucked up snap that we didn't recover on defense. And if you're gonna win that game, you have to, you have to get very, very lucky multiple times. Yeah. And so, yeah, Ravens just a very, very good team. Ravens are awesome. I think the Ravens, I, I'm looking forward to the inevitable Chief's Ravens playoff matchup. Yes. I'm looking very much forward to that.


'cause I, maybe The Ravens will realize they should run the ball. Maybe they, if They just, Although the Chiefs have a really good defense Too, but I think having just a giant on your sideline and Derrick Henry, it's kind hard to forget about Derrick Henry when he is that much bigger than everyone. Yeah. You know, like if you have a small guy, if you've got a little guy that's like 5 10, 5 11, you can get lost and be like, yeah, you know, let's just keep passing. But Derrick Henry is physically so big that I don't think that Harbaugh would ever forget to run him. Yeah. He's Derrick Henry's on pace right now for 1,979 yards and 22 touchdowns, which would be his best season. He did go over 2001 year. Yeah. But he had 17 touchdowns. So he is 30 years old. And it's just, I mean it, it's, we've seen it in the last couple weeks where even at the beginning of the game, maybe he's not getting these big runs and then just lean on him.


Lean on him, lean on him. Lamar Lamar's feet, Lamar's throwing all of a, it's like, fuck. Now we gotta worry about Derrick Henry in the fourth quarter. Yeah. And he salted that game away, basically. Just running it through you guys. They could, they could've beat us in any number of different ways, but yeah. Derrick Henry at the end, nothing you can do about it when you have those personnel out there on defense. But yeah. Raven's very good team. Commanders, super Bowl window open act accordingly. All decisions should be made from this point forward that we're gonna win a Super Bowl in the next five years. Yep. Or at least try to, which is it feels good. Good. I like that. It feels good to say that. Yeah. Like and mean it that I I believe that this is, this is our shot. So you just said super Super Bowl window now open.


Open. What was the crazy shit you were gonna say if you won the game? Oh my God. I was Gonna say, say Super Bowl this year. I was Gonna say MVP Jayden. I was gonna say, yeah. Super Bowl this year. I was gonna say, I'm never gonna lose another game again. I was gonna say I'm six feet tall. I was gonna get fucking wild with it. Yeah. But yeah, mostly I was gonna say Super Bowl this year. Yeah. Super Bowl this year. But I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm thinking, I'm thinking the offs. And you, you did say at the beginning, which I agree with, like the Ravens, it felt like their defense after what happened with the Bengals, maybe just the Dean P'S effect. It's not that like Jane Daniels didn't have a bad game, it just wasn't ever easy for 'em. Yeah.


You know what I mean? Like they made, they were, they led up touchdowns, but they made you work for 'em and that's, that's kind of all they need to do with their offense is just have a defense that is a little bit better than what it has been. A couple of these games this year to be Super Bowl champs. Yeah. For the Ravens on offense, everything looked exceptionally easy today for the Commanders on offense, everything looked pretty hard. But we still managed to score a decent amount of points against the defense. Yeah. But yeah, the, the Ravens defense much better. I Have a question for you. And now I like Dan Quinn, recurring guest friend of the program, backwards hat. Love it. It always does look a little funny when he does the backwards hat halftime interview.


Yeah. Because he's like, like, whoa, this guy's a little too chill. Yeah. Like he's, he for some reason, when you see it from afar on the sideline, it makes sense. But then when he is talking, it's like, Hey man, I don't want to sound like coward, but maybe put your fat hat forward just for this interview. Right. So sometimes during the games he like, he gets nervous and he starts turning it around. I like that. So Yeah, I think it's just however you manage to catch him. I think he needs to put the hat on forwards when he is talking to the refs. Yeah. Because when he is talking to the refs, they're like, is this a drunk fan that got down on the sideline that's just screaming at me? Or is this a head coach? Yeah. I listen. Dan Quinn, I think he's doing a great job so far. I do too. I, I think in a couple games the defense has looked okay. And that's kind of the best that we can hope for this year.


Our floor is like the worst defense in the NFL and our ceiling is like 15th and you, so if we can settle around like 20 to 22, then I think we'll make the playoffs. Yeah. And you get to play the Panthers next week, Which is great. Although, which Is a lot of fun. I, I Want, I don't know how I can get rid of this jinx because when I looked ahead at the schedule I was looking at when the Bears game was, I was like, oh yeah, that's right. We got the Panthers next. I think I said out loud, we have a bye next week 'cause we play the Panthers. You did. I regretted saying that the instant that I said it. Yeah. Is there any way that I can retract? No, I was doing satire. Don't Be worried. I'm not worried. It's the Panthers. I'm not worried It's the Panthers. You Also, I mean the schedule is, I I think you guys are your playoff team.


Like the the like, because you have to play a lot of nfcs opponents, but the nfcs doesn't look that great. Yeah. Whereas Like the Bears have to play all the NFC north and the NFC North is just kicking, is kicking the shit outta everyone. We should say that. This is Lamar now he's what, 22 in one against the NFC? Yeah. He just Doesn't The 23 In one. 23 in one. Yes. Against the NFC, which is a stat that makes no sense. But it's awesome. Someone wanted me to point out, I just saw this scrolling on Twitter on Friday. They wanted me to point out that whenever we bring that up, we have to point out that the one loss is to Daniel Jones and the Giants. That's fascinating. That's But that's fair. Yeah. To be like, Hey, he's the one, can you believe the one loss was to Daniel Jones and the Giants?


Well he's Faster than Lamar. Remember that. That's true. He ran like 26 miles an hour. That's True. Okay. Next game. Eagles 20 Brown, 16 max. I wanna talk about the Eagles Nick Siri in a second. But we have to talk about Deshaun because I have a thought maybe we're thinking about the Deshaun Watson thing the wrong way. Because everyone obviously says he should be benched. He should be benched. He's bad. He actually played like a little bit better today, but he was still really bad. I saw a tweet that Austin Gale wrote that JaMarcus Russell lost minus 63.8 total EPA on drop backs in weeks one through six in 2009.


Deshaun Watson has broken that record from the, from the quarterbacks. They've chartered since 2000. He's 734th through this first six weeks of the season. He's got a minus 66.2 total EPA on drop backs. That's how much he's lost. I don't even know what EPA is, but when I saw this, the, I saw this. He listed 'em all. It's the Sean Watson, 7 34, David Carr, mark Bulger, Josh Rosen, Achilles Smith, Jay Fielder, Blaine Gabbard, JaMarcus Russell. That's the list he's on. And he's at the bottom of that list. And You know what's crazy is that he's played against bad defenses. Yeah. He hasn't played against good defenses yet.


He Hasn't played against good defenses. And so I've been thinking about it maybe so everyone thinks he should be benched, which he should be benched. But what if we're just thinking about it wrong? What if this is just the Browns actually doing justice in a public shaming way. They're like, he's so bad. And. we know he is so bad he can't play quarterback. We're just gonna make him continue to play quarterback and publicly shame him because that's the only justice he'll ever have. And Smoke the whole pack of cigarettes. Yeah. Go out back and smoke a whole carton of Browns for Me. Like the the, he's never going to, like, he's paying people off in his lawsuits. All that's going on.


What's the only way that the league can punish him? Make him continue to play quarterback. Yeah. That's one way to look at it. I I It's a, I was just trying to find a new way angle for, I mean, he's just so bad. Well I think it, it's, it makes you feel good that a guy with all that sketchy shit in his background is having to like go out there every day and do the thing that he is the worst at. Yeah. And do it publicly. Yeah. And have everybody know how much money that he makes. That's And ev Yeah. He's not having fun. At the end of the day, you can at least be like, if you're a Browns fan, you can probably say confidently, Deshaun Watson is having less fun playing than I am watching. Yes. Yes. I I think that's probably True. That's what I'm saying. He's, he basically has to go to a job that he's so bad at. Yeah. And he has to keep going to it and everyone's gonna watch him.


It is a, it's, it's torture. Which I'm for And for the torture. Yeah. Pro Torture. Yeah. I'm pro torture in this case. So after What about Browns fans? Yeah. Browns fans. That's unfortunate that you have to be a part of this. Well You have to do like a, you have to put on the rose colored shades and say Guardians. Yeah. You got the guardians. And also if you're a Browns fan, it's, it's not like your coaching staff is playing him because they think he's the best option. No, you kind of have to deal with this. Yeah. There's nothing else you can do about it. Just, just Let us keep going with the torture for a little bit longer. Yeah. So Deshaun, after the game said, me being the quarterback of this offense with Kevin and Ken Dorsey, we have to do something a little bit. I don't know what we have to do, but we need to do something to lock in. So We don't cost ourselves any more games because we've got to really turn this around so they're, they know that they have to do something.


Yeah. Which is a good step to know that this isn't good. He's admitting publicly, They're finally realizing it. What would you, Something needs to happen. Do you think it was Field Yates? Tweet this out. The Browns are the first team in 10 years to score under 20 points in each of its first six games. And they are, they have one touchdown in the last 29 offensive drives. They also threw six games. Do not have over 200 yards passing in any of Those games. Yeah. It's crazy. It's their only touchdown today was on the, the blocked fuel goal that got returned. It was, and and then we were watching the game and we're in the gambling cave and people got all types, types of different action. I had the oversaw, I was hoping for a tie 2020 game knowing that I would then get it because it was over 42.


And I kept on saying people were freaking out 'cause they wanted the Browns to score. I was like, the Browns are not not gonna score from goal line. They got to the three yard line and what'd they take? Two penalties went backwards, ran some plays that had no chance of getting in the end zone. That's the Browns. It was the most obvious. I wish I could have bet my life in that moment that the Browns would not score a touchdown. 'cause they're incapable of running like a real offense when a real offense needs to be run. Because what happens is Deshaun gets the ball in his hands and then he runs around for like five seconds and he looks like he's lost. Yeah. He actually looks like he gets lost on the football field. And then there's three guys that sack him at the same time. Yeah. He's the most sacked in terms of like bodies, number of bodies that have hit him. I would put that up there right.


With the, the David Carr rookie year. Yeah. Because when he takes a sack, he gets hit by like the entire defensive line. And it's crazy. Maybe, maybe Kevin defense's just a really good ally. Maybe he's seeing all these lawsuits. That's what I'm saying. And, and he's like, you know what? I'm gonna have Deshaun get this shit kicked outta him. That's what I'm saying. And offensive line, you guys pretend that you're injured, we'll put your backups in. I'll tell them not to block. And so we'll intentionally just get Deshaun Watson just have this shit kicked outta Me. That's what I'm saying. It's torture that they, they are publicly shaming him and hurting him every single week that he has to remain the starter. And again, sorry Browns fans. That does suck. But it is, if you look at it that way, it makes sense why they're starting him.


Like he's a bad person. Let's make him fucking play quarterback. 'cause he can't play quarterback Is Is Deshaun Watson getting sacked a million times a game and looking like a complete bum on the field doing more than the me too movement ever did to protect women? That's what I'm saying. The kids, all the youngsters out there have talked to several, the youngsters are watching the games and they're like, I'm never going to this sexually harass a woman because I might end up playing quarterback for the Browns. See? Yeah, it does make sense. Yeah. When you flip your whole, your whole viewing of this of, of the Deshaun Watson is because it makes no sense that he's still playing. Obviously he has 'em is is saying that you have to play him. But it's every week that everyone just goes online or on like football Night in America, Florio and, and and the gang.


They just have like a, they're like, alright, A block Cowboys B block. Deshaun has to be benched. Yeah. You think that's all they do? That's that's the whole show. You think Tony Dungy even looks at Deshaun is like, I could fix him. Yeah. I could, I could fix that guy. They don't realize that they need to just stop. Like, don't even bring up that he should be benched. Just use the whole B block and just talk about how awful he is at playing quarterback and continue the torture. It's scared straight. Yeah. Kids, kids watch what this could be you. Yeah. You don't start respecting women. It's, It's, it's brutal. And I do feel bad for Browns fans, but Guardians, guardians, it was funny seeing the, the back to back days. Fanta going crazy for the Guardians and then in his unfinished basement.


Yeah. Talking about the Browns. There's another part of this game that we should talk about. The Philadelphia Eagles are back win this game. Like it was a close game, but they were better than the Browns. We, we knew that Max Jalen Hurt started slow. AJ Brown, which we told you on Friday, was gonna, he was going to to eat. He's back. He looked great. 116 yards. Also that crazy play at the end where they just salted the game away by throwing like a, a 40 yard bomb was sick. So it was good game. Eagles back off a buy Nick Siri after the game or while the game was still going on, looked into the crowd and started basically getting in an argument with the Eagles crowd in the weirdest like way possible when you win by Four Points against Deshaun Watson, who's again he's playing quarterback, his torture.


It was so bizarre. And then Nick Cii goes to his post game press conference and basically was like, here are all my kids. Don't ask me any tough questions. What the fuck is going on? Max? Has he lost his mind? He is, he also Shaved his head. He also shaved his head. Which which is a classic sign of losing his mind. Yeah. So it is actually, if you look it up, a lot of times when people are going through like nervous breakdowns or they're trying to reclaim control in their lives, they shave their heads because they feel like it gives 'em a fresh start. Correct. Because they feel bad. Siri's showing up today. I think that everybody thought the same thing. Like this is, we saw what happened with Britney Spears. Is Siri in a conservatorship? What's going on? I have no idea. He's acting bizarre right now. The city of Philadelphia doesn't like him.


Obviously doesn't help when you're jawing at the team for booing. And apparently some people said there was fire Sirianni chance going on in the crowd. Okay. Some people were saying that some people were saying, I'm, I was at the game. There were no fire Sirianni chance. So I don't really know what To believe, What to believe there. And then after the, what do you think after the game, he was asked about it and he was, and he said he was, I was just excited to get the win. I appreciate the link support. So like, I don't even know what that means. When they were asked about him yelling at the fans, So he definitely yelled at Philly And. it was definitely Philly fans saying Fire Sirianni after a win.


And he was like, we just won. I'm mad. I'm gonna go yell at him. And He did this with like, I'm sure that's what happened. Kids in his laps. Yeah. And talking to his kids during the press conference, which listen, I'm not kid shaming him, but it was, it felt very deliberate for him to bring his children to a press conference when he knew that people were gonna be like, Hey, what was that dude? Chills. Why were you yelling at our fans? Yeah. And then when asked about the booze, he goes, we thrive. We thrive when the crowd cheers for us. That's all I sa that's all I say. We hear 'em when they boo. We don't necessarily necessarily like it, I don't think it's productive for anybody, blah, blah, blah. But when they cheer we like it. Like what does that, what do you He's losing his mind.


He's, he he is losing his mind. He Can't, he can't be here. He can't be, he can't Be here anymore. He doesn't like if that's the way you're gonna react Yeah. To like the fans acting like the fans have acted in Philadelphia for a hundred years. Like that's not gonna do anything, dude. Yeah. Do You know who would never react to the fans in that situation and bring his kids to the press conference after Mike Vrabel? Well, I was gonna say Bill Belichick. Yeah, That's a good point. Either Or Right. Because his kids are coaching at, at Washington. Yeah. I don't know. I think his time is, I feel like, honestly I feel like it's gonna, at the end of the year be a a mutual, a mutual parting of ways. Yeah. Situation. Do you think there's a chance it happens?


'cause so about this game, like you, you, you are down on the Eagles. Yeah, I was down on the Eagles. They didn't look great, but realistically it should have been a 23 to nine game. Right. They, they should have dominated that game. They like, they had the, they had the fluke pun block field goal, which was a 10 point swing. I don't know. Jalen Hurts didn't look bad. It's probably He looked bad to start, but then he figured it out. Yeah. He started over five. But then since then he was, he was very good. No turnovers, which is, that's a rarity in a jail and Hurts game. Yep. I don't know. They just like, this was like a spot where like, you would like to see them beat the shit out of a team and they just can't do that.


They just can't do that. Yeah. Yeah. So, and Then Max, I I know you're really down on surround right now, but you don't, you don't want him fired right now. Do you? Wouldn't mind it. I I'm indifferent to it. Like I understand not firing him. It's like the middle of the season and Hank we're still fighting for a playoff spot. And Hank you have a a inquisitive face on. No, I'm just, I'm just trying to hear him out. Yeah. And what do you think? I feel like this is Max Sunday, night Max and then the second that a game starts. Yeah. And one bad play happens. It's like, get 'em outta here. Yeah, yeah. Which is that, which for sure to me it's like not, you know, drunken word speak sober thoughts, but the passionate thoughts that you have during a game.


Like that's what you think. Yeah. You want 'em gone. You want 'em gone. You Want 'em gone right now Saying him now gone get why they're not. But like, you want 'em gone. You want, I don't them You want there to be a press a press conference tomorrow and have it be Jeffrey Lowry's like you, when you disrespect our fans, you disrespect the organization. You ha you can't be here anymore. You Disrespect the city. I wouldn't. No, no. I wouldn't hate that. Yeah. Right, right. I wouldn't hate that. Like, I, like you want Jeffrey Lu to be like, I have the fans back no matter what. They pay your salaries. Don't ever forget it. Nick Siri, there's the door. He's been so dumb this year. Like he's just, He's actually, I think having like a mental breakdown. That was so bizarre. Yeah. Everything, everything. Today Was it, it felt like the Eagles were on a, a road game, the way he was yelling at the fans.


Yeah. And he's always kind of been like that. He's always been super emotional too. Yeah. Oh yeah. Even going back to his first year in Philly, I mean the Super Bowl when he cried. Yeah. He cried. That's, I mean, that's the behavior of somebody who's on edge can't control It. Yeah. You know, he can't control their emotions. Big dom, Big dom can Italian men. Yeah. Big Dom needs to slap him in the face, like act like a man. Yeah. He was, he was standing right next to him in the beginning of that clip too. And then Sirianni went rogue. Even big Dom couldn't anticipate going after the fans. I wouldn't have, I wouldn't, There's certain lines you Don't cross. I wouldn't have, yeah. Been shocked if big Dom just decked of assholes. Nick Sirianni. He's like, those are my people. Yeah. What are you doing? They could pictures Of assholes. Yeah. Yeah. You didn't show your ass crack during this game. Yeah.


I'm sure somebody will like go through every Thing. No, you came in dressed as baggy as possible. Correct? Yeah. On, on on you. Were you, can you stand up and show your fit to the, to the people? No. Who watching? Why not? No. The best way I described it was Max came in looking like, like it was, he was like a Sopranos character who, his wife hired him, a personal trainer and he skipped out on it, but he still had to dress and then he went to the Bing to hang with the boys. Watch the game. He's wearing like baggy shorts and a baggy shirt and he's like, yeah, my fucking wife got me this personal trainer. I ain't going to there. That's some fruit stuff. Yep. That's fair. You covered up.


That's fair Max. If you look at your schedule though, you got the Giants, the Bengals, the Jaguars, the Cowboys coming up next. Oh, those are winnable. You could Win all those, all those games. Yeah. They're winnable games. And then, and then you win all those games and then Siri's dug in like a tick. I think We Probably, he's Leaving the Giants three and a half point favorites on the road. Damn. I wonder is there a time that, that an NFL coach has ever been fired after they won a game? Like in the middle of the season? Obviously some coaches win the last game of the season. They're fired on Black Monday. But like in season you win a game, you're fired. It would, it would work here. Yeah, It would if there were ever to be a spot. Yeah. Yeah. It would work.


This is the perfect spot for it. Doug Peterson next week if they win. Yeah. Maybe Gruden de Gruden win his last game. Oh, that's a good question. I don't know. 'cause his was all off the field stuff. You right. He insulted Commissioner Goodell. Let's see. Called him anti football pussy. So you're, you're just, what, what are you out of a 10 right now for the Eagles? Five. Five. Oh Man. That's sad. It breaks my heart to hear you say 5 5, 5. That's where, I mean that's, that's where I'm at. Mike Trt was at the game. Yeah. He needs to be in Philly. He needs to Be playing baseball in Philly. Max. Would you, if you were doing like multi-Sport City trades, would you trade Joelle and Bead to the Lakers?


No. For Mike Trout to the Phillies? No. Talk about a guy who can never stay healthy is Mike Trout. Oh well, Mike Trout and Sean McVey. Hey Mike Trout's a friend. Oh Yes. Mike Trout shot McVey. I love, I love Mike Trout. I want him to be for MBI and playoff. P Do you, we gotta find this stat. If there's ever been, it doesn't, it doesn't count playoff p to make the roster. It doesn't count winning the last game of the season. Yeah, that's What what I'm saying. Yeah. Would Be the best in-season firing. Yeah. I'm looking. Alright. We got our best guy fired. Find a memes. Oh, He resigned. He wasn't fired. We gotta, yeah, we gotta find it.


We gotta find a coach who's been fired Midseason after a win. I doubt it. I can't think Of one. I mean, if any team can do it, it's, it's Fair. It would be so great And. it would be great if it was just like, yeah, we have the fans back. Yeah. You can't do that. Can't be yelling at the fans. Disrespected the city. And They lost that game before Gruden too. Oh, okay. To the Bears. Oh, oh yeah. Was that in London? No, maybe. No, we lost them in London I think. Okay. Next game. Bucs. Saints. This was a fucking crazy game. Bucs 51. Saints 27. This game had the following scores Bucs up 17 to nothing.


Saints up 27. 24. Bucs up. 51, 27. So it was, the Saints scored 27 points in the second quarter and didn't score in any of the other quarters. And the Bucs finished this game on a 27 unanswered points. Yeah. It sucked for the, for the Saints. That Olave got hurt. And so he was knocked out for the game and their offense kind of didn't do Jack's shit after that. Spencer Rattler looked good for like a quarter. Yeah. The second quarter. Saints will always have that. I, I think what happened was, so he looked good in the first half and then Todd Bulls was like, what the fuck am I doing? He's a rookie. Let me just blitz him. Yeah. So Todd Bulls, if you knew the game plan going into it was that Todd Bulls was just gonna do all the crazy shit that Spencer Rattler had never seen.


Yeah. And he did that in the second Half and he did tricks on it in the second Half. Yeah. He did tricks in it. But, but, and Baker had the most full stat sheet ever. He had 24 for 36, 325 yards, four touchdowns, three interceptions, And it like also throw in just an injury that we thought was like very serious that he's such a tough dude that he was fine. And like three downfield blocks too And three yelling in someone else's face. Yeah. Baker Makes me wanna play football. It's the best. Yeah. He just, he just goes out there and plays football With a Dave for Lincoln Riley by the way. Yeah. Watching all the, all the proteges, all the prize pupils get starts here. A lot of people are gonna have to apologize to Lincoln Riley. Yeah. Was he wearing a house divided shirt? Yeah, he, it was, he basically Spencer Rattler probably doesn't like Lincoln too much though.


I'm, no, I'm gonna guess no. I would say no. But yeah, Spencer Rattler fine enough. But the Bucs offense was, Chris Godwin deserves to be given more credit for being awesome because I know he was awesome when they won the Super Bowl. He was awesome before that. He got hurt a couple years, but he, he's having an awesome, awesome season and he had, I think it was like 105 yards after catch today. Yeah. And he's just, you kind of forget about him because Mike Evans is so good. I was gonna Say he is like Mike Evans compared to other elite receivers in NFL history is the same as like Chris Godwin compared to Mike Evans during the Chris Godwin era. Yeah. Like he's very, very good. But we Just need to throw some more respect on Chris Godwin's name because he's been very good this year.


He is, had a very good career and I think he got kind of forgotten a little bit and yeah, Chris Godwin needs more respect. I Have an insult stat for you. You Oh, okay. For Dennis Allen. Okay. So Dennis Allen, head coach of the Saints, guess how many teams he's beaten as coach with the Saints that have a winning record? I think he's at 40 games now. Four? Three. Three. He's got three. And two of those were in September. So they were like at the start of the year. Oh One. Oh there was a, A Seahawks team that was one and Oh, now the other team, team, The Cowboys, he beat this year one and Oh, Oh, that's not on the list then? Oh yeah. The Cowboys were one and Oh at the time. No. Yeah, because Yeah, because he beat the Browns.


They beat the Browns. Yeah. Good point. So now let me amend that. It's four, but I nailed it. But of those four games, two of them are from September, excuse me, now three of the four are from September. And two of them are Gardner Minsu teams. Oh wow. Which is just an interesting, fun little rival That is a very fun record. So he can beat, he can beat a, a winning team If Gardner Minsu is starting like on a short week where he is a backup quarterback coming in. Dennis Allen Just gets forgotten as like, Hey, that guy stinks. Yeah, he stinks. He Stinks by the way. I just looked it up. How old do you think Chris Godwin is? Chris Godwin is 34. No, he's 29, 28. He's still young.


Wow. Yeah, it feels like, 'cause he is just been around and you know, won a Super Bowl. You feel like he's been good ever since he got there. But yeah, he's having an awesome year. He is 500, 500 yards and five touchdowns through six Weeks. Yeah. Pretty damn good. Chris Godwin needs more respect, but yet Dennis Allen, I guess what you could say about Dennis Allen is people just forget about Dennis Allen. That's probably his best Asset. Why? So why is he so forgettable? Is it because he looks like if you took every NFL coach in history and like combined them all into one composite sketch, he looks like Dennis Allen. I also, he's the most average appearing guy. It's His appearance. I think it's his name. Yeah. His name is very formulaic.


Two first names. ai. ai, yeah. Dennis Allen. Yeah. She's like, okay, what is that? Alright. Dennis Allen. And yeah, he just kind of, he's been around forever, but never done anything that would make me be like, Ooh, Dennis Allen, that guy's good. He doesn't even really have anything that he's good at. Right. No, I'm, I'm not talking about just as a head coach, he doesn't have a specialty like Todd Bulls, you're like, yeah, Todd Bulls, he'll dial It up, He'll blitz the fuck outta you. He'll dial it up. He'll do weird shit. He'll have dudes coming at you from angles that, that Deshaun Watson can only dream of. But with, with Dennis Allen, it's like there's nothing where I think Dennis Allen blank mastermind, he Also Yeah, no, there, there is nothing. And he also, because the Raiders have had a history of just cycling through coaches.


He's just in that list of Raider coaches that happened. Yeah. That you're like, oh yeah, that's right. And then he just ended up on the Saints because he was with Sean Peyton and, and got that job. So I, I think that's also, I think that's part of it, is that there are certain Raiders coaches that just keep every two years they would fire one. So you just kind of forgot about 'em. Yeah, that's probably true. And he, he doesn't really get that fired up. Yeah. He Just kind of, it looks like his job is to sit on the sidelines and just accept losses. Yeah. And He is very good at it. Yeah. I don't really know what, what does Dennis Allen do? He doesn't do anything really. Four and 12. Four and 12. Oh and four were his three years with the Raiders as the head coach.


And he is doing a lot better with the Saints. 'cause he is seven and 10, nine and eight. Two and four. He's 26 and 50 as a head coach. Let's see. 26 51. That's crazy. He's so bad. He's so bad. And this team looked, feels like this was kind of a quick game because it, the Bucs were just, it just kept on, they kept on scoring. Kept on scoring. Yeah. They put, it was one of those games where it's like, okay, the Bucs hate the Saints. They fight them all the time. Yeah. They're not gonna stop scoring through this game. Remember two weeks in, they were the, the Saints did win the, the first two weeks of the season. They did. They were the, they were the Super Bowl champs after two Weeks. So if, if Derek Carr, but it Was against the cowboy.


The ca the Cowboys was like the convincing one. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well they beat the Panthers and Cowboys, but we were all like, oh, the Cowboys are good. 'cause they, they're always 'cause they beat the Browns. Yeah. They were good last year. And. we Didn't realize how bad the Browns were. Yeah. But this is, this is definitely the win where you're just like, what? How, how did this, the, the Saints, they're Oh, they're good. No they're not. Did Spencer Rattler show you enough to be like, I wanna see more Spencer Rattler. Yeah. I just like Spencer Rattler name. So I always wanna see more Spencer Rattler. Yeah. I, I love his name. Love his arm. Yeah, the arm Works. I like Spencer Rattler. I wanna see more Spencer Rattler. Why not? You're not good. Saints are probably not gonna be good This year. You might as well see what you got. You might as well see what you got. Okay, let's take a break.


Let's do a couple ads and then we'll get some more games. From Sunday


PFT, We're gonna get back to football. It's brought to you by Gametime. It's football season. You guys know that we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime. They're the official ticketing sponsor of Barstool. Sports. Gametime is the absolute best. I use Gametime whenever I have to get into a game. If it's baseball, if it's football, if it's basketball, even if it's other stuff. Even if it's things besides sports. Gametime is the absolute best. Gametime. We've got some. We got Monday night Football coming. On today, right? Monday Football. Yes. What do we have going on for Monday Night Football. So Jets, bills at Jets. I'm looking right now on the Gametime app. I hit the GT picks and I'm seeing $247 for the best seats. Like the perfect seats you want for football, where it's 50 yard line row, row four on the second level. That's the best. That's the best. That's the best. You see the entire field Also. Yeah, you can get in for cheaper. But these are the GT picks which give you the best deals. The great great seats. Gametime Picks is the best deal for the best seats. And just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or you can browse the best local Gametime Gametime pick deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? If you wanna buy those Jets Bills tickets right now, go use Gametime picks. Get the best deal that you possibly can. Just Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT. You can easily score great deals with new Gametime picks. What time is it? It's Gametime.


This podcast is also brought to you by our great friends over at SimpliSafe. SimpliSafe has fast protect monitoring. They have live guard protection. If you've ever felt a sense of unease when you leave your home, if you're ever wondering if everything will be safe while you're away, well guess what? SimpliSafe is here to help you give you peace of mind. It wasn't until recently there were a couple break-ins down the street that I realized how urgently I needed a security system. And with SimpliSafe, you get the best SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of getting your alarm. They can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. That's always awesome. I love those videos. When somebody breaks into a house, the homeowners are gone. Simply safe gets on the speaker, tells 'em to stop. The burglars turn tail run around your house is safe. They look after you And. it was SimpliSafe. They don't lock you into a long-term contract. You can cancel at any time. Pricing is transparent. It's affordable. Less than a dollar a day with no hidden fees ever. It's easy to install and super easy to activate your SimpliSafe system in less than an hour. Or you can choose professional installation, get a pro to come by and have a pro help you out. You can protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit simplisafe.com/pmt. That's simplisafe.com/pmt. There's no safe, like simply Safe.


Okay. Colts 20, Titan 17. Joe Flacco. I Is he the starter? So today I think he kind of was the starter. I think that Anthony Richardson was healthy. Yeah. And they were just kinda like working to go with a hot hand with Flacco and Yeah. Flacco. He didn't have his best game today. But I did. I had a moment this morning. I dunno if you've had one of these Big Cat where you see Joe Flacco's gonna start and you just stop. You just stop in a moment in time and you take a mental snapshot. Just remember today is the day where Joe Flaco will be playing football. Yeah. 'cause it's not gonna last forever. We're nearing the end of that road. And the NFL just the world is so much sunnier to me when I know that Joe Flacco is still a part of It.


He, he said it after the game too. He's like, being out here on Sunday never gets old. And I'm gonna cherish it for as long as I can do it. It's, it's the best. I do feel like I was lied to by the cults because all week I, I picked the Titans on every show we did and Joe Flack. 'cause I was thinking Anthony Richardson was gonna play. I also didn't think Michael Pittman was gonna play and 'cause he had like a broken back five days ago. And then he played and he made the two biggest plays of the game. The jump ball touchdown and then the third down to take Ice the game. So I feel lied to by the cults, but a good win for the cults. And Joe Flaco I think might be the starter because Anth, like you said, Anthony Richard, I'm pretty sure is healthy.


Yeah. And Flacco, he makes a couple mistakes, but they're no worse than any Anthony Richardson mistake. Yeah. And then he's at his best. That jump ball that he threw up That was, that was vintage Flacco. Yeah. Just being like, you know what? Fuck it. I think I got a guy down there that's taller than their guy is. And so I'm gonna throw it towards him. Michael Pittman made a great catch. Yeah. And I was like, damnit, I feel lied to because Michael Pittman is good. So Flaco now has the longest streak of two touchdowns and starts in, in the NFL of anybody. Yes. So, no, no other quarterback has as many consecutive starts throwing two touchdown passes as Joe Flaco does. He has as many touchdown passes now as Deshaun does. Deshaun Watson does.


And he's only started two games. Yeah. So things are going good for Joe. I, again, don't know how long he's gonna be the starter. I, at some point they're gonna wanna see Anthony Richardson play and just see what they have. But for now, just enjoy every Sunday that you wake up and Joe's getting a start. I agree. I a hundred percent agree. It does feel like one of those situations where we just need to make a mental capture of just like Joe Flacco, he's having the best time and his career was over like five years ago. Remember when he was on the Jets of the Broncos And the Eagles. Yeah. And. it Just, he's back and he's playing great. And the culture should keep playing him. I agree. I know that it probably doesn't make sense long term, but it also doesn't probably make sense long term.


Anthony Richardson. Yeah. I mean, I think if you're trying to win football games, that's what you're supposed to do. Then you should start Joe. Yeah. It's That simple. Yeah. Okay. So for The Titans, I, I feel, I feel bad for, for Titans fans. 'cause shit's getting crazy for Calvin Ridley. He said I need, I need some targets in the beginning of the fucking game too. Yep. Shit's getting crazy for me. Yep. He had eight targets today. Zero catches in the last three games. Calvin Ridley has two catches for 14 yards. Not great. It feels like if, if you're handicapping receivers, that might end up with the Chiefs by the end of the season. Yeah. Calvin Ridley's probably up there with his teammate Deandre Hopkins. Yep.


Yeah, I'd just say, I'd say so. Will Levi friend of the program Love Will Will Levi, I think you got, I think he got bench him for a little bit here. Because the problem is the Titans are not a bad football team. Like in its totality. Every game they've basically been in their defense is good. He's just feels lost out there. Like he, he feels lost. And, and at some point you keep losing these games by three points or you know, four points, you know, just a random interception or a mis pass and you're everyone in that locker room's like, fuck we, we should have three wins already.


Yeah. He did the Spider-Man celebration today too. That was awesome. It was a Cool celebration. He also, this is a, a stat from our friend, it's Stat hole who does a great blog every Monday morning. Everyone check it out with all the sad stats. Will Levis is the first QB to throw an interception in the first five games of the season since Jamis Patrick Mahomes six days Ago. Oh, there we go. Yeah. That's a fun stat. That's a good, great stat. That's a fun stat. Use that stat. Go around to the bar and tell people that. Yeah. We'll l us through through an interception. The first five games. Also, the last person to do it was Patrick Mahomes this year. Yeah. Good for Will. Yeah. Good for Will. He's on the Patrick Great. He's a good company. That's a good, Hey listen, we just put Will Levi and Patrick Mahomes in the same Sentence?


When I watch Will Levi play, he gives me big time. Like Jeremy Shockey vibes. Yeah. Like he's that emotional after every single play. Yeah. Which it might not be the best thing for a quarterback. You want your quarterback to like not scream in people's faces. Shoot webs at him. Also will, if you're listening, I would've liked for you to, to say hello or hey, I'm sorry. To the guy whose, whose knee got taken out on the sidelines. I think that guy had to just have better presence of mind. He just watched him roll. Like he watched the play come at him. Yeah. That Poor, he did give a thumbs up. I'm sure that poor Reached out after. Yeah, probably That guy, that guy was in an air cast. He was on the stretcher for what felt like a half hour. He was wearing receiver gloves, which I loved. And then he gave a thumbs up, which I love.


But yeah, I don't know. People on the sidelines. It feels like it's happened a few times this year. It he was staring at the play. Yeah. I don't know. Gave feet up. I Think you, you lose track at how fast these guys are coming at you. Yeah. You also, it's, it's kind of like being at the dog park. You gotta always keep a little bend in your knees, keep Your knees bent because You don't want, you don't want, you don't want a Labrador just running into the back of your knees if you have stiff legs. Wear pads. I wanna see a guy in like full kit, shoulder pads, helmet, knee pads. Was he holding the chains? I Think he was, He was a chain guy. Maybe. Maybe walk around with like a little, a tiny little wall right in front of your, your Legs. Yeah. Or a dog. Or a dog. I actually have a dog with you. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, that guy that, that was tough. But I, I just, I wanted to work out for Will.


I just think you probably have to like, if you're Brian Callahan again, you're, you're, you lost week one to the Bears. That was a winnable game that Will Levis made those mistakes late. You lost to the Jets week two. That was a winnable game that he fumbled in the Red Zone. You got killed by Malik Willis. That made sense. And then today, that was a winnable game. So at some point you don't want the rest of the team to be like, Hey, what the fuck are we doing here? Yeah. And if if the Titans keep losing, then I think that's actually gonna make Joe Flacco keep starting. Yeah. Because the, the Colts can make the playoffs. Yes. It's not out of the picture to think that they might be able to Yes. Absolute Division Is not great. Obviously Texans are the best team in that division. But they could, yeah.


Colts could be a wild card team. Colts could absolutely be a wild card team. Let me look right now. I mean they're what, three and three Colts could be a wild card team now. Joe Flacco, if the, if Joe Flacco takes Yeah. They're in the wild card right now. There's seven seats. Love that they, if he took the Browns and the Colts to the playoffs in back to back years as the backup, that that might be more impressive than a Super Bowl. I actually think Joe Flacco has the opportunity to become back to back comeback player of the year. Yeah. Which would ne That's a record. A record that'll never be broken if it happens. That's crazy. Yeah. That there, that he could that Yeah. Keep playing Joe Flacco for us. For us. Okay. Next up.


Packers 34, Cardinals 13 Packers kicked the shit outta the Cardinals. We said it on Friday. Jordan loves gonna be under center Moore. And he was, and you saw it, that Christian Watson touchdown that was vintage Jordan Love under center play Action pass. He had four touchdowns. He looks all the way back. He act, he, he, for the first two games back from his injury, he had slow starts. He did not today. So it feels like the Packers that's totally taken care of. The Packers though. We alluded to this. The NFC north is so good. The Packers are the first team ever through six weeks to be four and two and last in the division. Yeah. Every team is four and two or better.


Right now. They have the four highest point differentials in the entire NFL. Yeah. All in that division. Yeah. So the Vikings are plus 63. The Lions plus 60, the Bears plus 47. The Packers plus 41. The second best division when you like add up all those numbers together, the second best division is the A FC West with a plus 20. Yeah. Total. And I just said the Packers Plus two 11, The Packers are in last with a plus 41. Yeah. On aggregate. Aggregate. The NFC north is 17 and five overall. And a plus 211 point differential. Yeah. It's crazy. It's Nuts. Iron sharpens iron.


But yeah, the Packers. And here's the thing with the Packers too. Their defense is really good. And that was a smart move. Jeff Halfly bringing him in. They've, last year the Packers had 18 turnovers forced on defense. That's the entire season. This year. They have 17 through the first six weeks of the Season. It's pretty wild. They've taken the ball away. They had three fumbles in the second half. Force fumbles on the Cardinals and yeah, they're, they're a scary good team. Like Jordan Love looked fine and all his receiver Dobbs obviously that was a weird situation last week. He comes back two touchdowns. Christian Watson comes back faster than we expected. He scores a touchdown. They're, they're good. I don't know what else to say. They're good. Yeah.


Packers Jordan loves very good. Packers are are definitely good. No interceptions today though. Have they fallen off the defense? That's true. Yeah. Think about it. Yeah. The, the Cardinals are, that was a very classic cardinal spot of the biggest win they've had in a long time against the 49 ERs that second half last week having to fly all the way to Green Bay and then just an absolute stinker of a performance. 13 penalties, three fumbles, just a stinker. So because they lost this, it doesn't matter what they do in their next game, the Cardinals will have gone three years without winning back to back football games. Wow. Three calendar years. That's insane. Pretty crazy. I I admire the consistency actually. Yeah. It's like you consistently inconsistent.


You win a game, just don't watch the next, next week. Doesn't matter. Sped Against them. Yeah. But yeah, I, I didn't, I'm worried about the packer. Well I'm worried about every, I mean the NFC North is just really good. Had they not there been NFC North games. There have, that's why the Packers are last. They lost the Vikings. So the Packers are four and two, but they're Oh. And one in the NFC North. That's why it's technically they're last. The Bears are also four and two. The Lions are four and one and then the Vikings are five and Oh. So, but yeah. No, it's crazy. The schedule, the Bears don't play their first NFC North game until week 10. And they play all six of their NFC north games down the stretch. It's Tough. End of the year. That's why you had to win these games, Hank. You did.


That's why they were must wins. That's why these are And. we got a couple more must wins going against Cardinals and the Patriots after the Commanders game. Gotta, must win 'em gotta put up the tag on him because Packers are really good. I don't know what else to say. It hurts me to say it. Jordan Love under center is a weapon. He's doing his, his fuck shit. Where he throws off his back foot doing fadeaways. He's, and he's so, he, he's the best in the NFL throwing Fadeaways. I, it's so frustrating because when he throws the, the fade away, it just 100% of the time ends up being a Touchdown. There's always somebody down there watching h Him and Kirk Cousins have like the two opposite fadeaways. When Kirk Cousins does a fade away, he like turtles as he throws it and starts running away from the guy that's gonna sack him.


Yeah. When Jordan Love does it, he fades away off his back foot and throws at a perfect angle that lands in his receiver's hand. Yeah. And he can catch it. Oh, Here's a good one. Looking ahead. You wanna play whose line is anyway you wanna pull up DraftKings Hank you again? Your phone I got it is dead. It's out there. Two. What do you mean it's out there? I just, it's out there. No distractions. What do you, oh, you're doing that as a thing. He's, oh, I like That. A digital cleanse. Oh, this is a great game next week. Packers verse Texans in Green Bay. Who's line is anyway? DraftKings In Green Bay. Packers verse Texans. I'm gonna go Packers minus two.


I'm gonna say two and a half. Okay. Find A For us. PFT My phone's loading, spin loading. Also the hot. I have it. Yeah. Go ahead. Give it to us. You give it to us. Max wait. PFT You wanna do a guest? Yeah. So what's, okay, they're in Green Bay. Yeah. Texans Texans At Packers. Texans at Packers. Packers Packers. I'm gonna say Packers minus one. It is the Packers minus three. Wow. Okay. The full three Packers are good. The hot new play. The Packers did it. The Bears did it. And then I saw that the Ramps had done it last week. The like play action pump fake and then just throw it to the wide open. Tie it in the middle of field. It's Pump fake left pump fake Right tight end down the seam.


Yeah. The, the Bears scored a touchdown with that to Cole Ment. And then a Packers fan was like, oh, we did that last year. I just said, cool dude, you wanna fucking cookie? Well you can't fucking do the same play they invented. It probably was McVey. It's probably McVey probably invented it. It's probably college play. Yeah. It's a hot play. Packers Fans fucking suck. Try to steal all my joy. Hank, I wanna hear what your best plays are. Shark Wheel Hot, Hottest plays Flea flicker. The Julie Edelman, The Tyler Warren play on the Penn State. Tyler Warren play show. Yeah, that was rad. That Was awesome. Four Verts. I like, I like rugby. I'm, I'm, I'm with you on the rugby.


Did you see that play Hank? No. He, He, Andy Knick, he drew up. He Tyler Warren. The tight end for the Penn State snapped the ball from, he was basically the, the He was the tight end or the tackle. Yeah, he was the tackle. He was the left tackle. He, he was all the way on the end and he snapped the ball and then went and ran down the field. And How's that legal? He was eligible receiver. He wasn't, he wasn't, Does the center have to snap The ball? No. Anyone on the line can snap the ball. You have to have a certain number of players that are on the line of scrimmage. It was crazy. Look at the play. Hank.


What The fuck. Yeah, it was awesome. It was also such a cool play that they didn't even, it got overshadowed how sick the catch was. That's a great play. He, I think he would do, I think he was technically the center in this play. So they got, that's what they did. They have five guys on the line of Scrimmage. Yeah. He was the center. 'cause they, they listed it. He was like, all the positions he played and they're like, yeah, he played center. It's crazy. Yeah, he was in the middle. He just, they didn't have anyone. His on his left side. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Exactly. It was sick. So is that, is that one of your favorite plays? Yeah. Okay. Annexation in Puerto Rico.


Final Finalizing nice Hanks hop place. Nice One. Nice one. What about the fake punt? Punt That's never been done, But still could be one of your favorite plays. My dad says this all the time about punt. So I'm meaning to say it every time I watch football A game with my daddy, he always says, why don't they just kick it without catching it. So if a punter Oh, I like that they Just hit it outta the air. I like that snap. Yeah. Like, just like, like kind of like a you're you're hitting a pitch. Yeah. If you a little, if you just threw it high. Yeah. You hit high and you just kick It. I like that. I don't think it would work. Is there any I like it. Yeah, I like it too. Is there any advantage to doing it? You get it Off quicker. Yeah. You get it all. Get it out quicker. Yeah. Unblockable. Yeah.


We also A punt, we also, we also had in, in the Oregon Ohio State game game. I like this. I like this a a lot. Yeah. But which doesn't work anymore in the NFL. 'cause they changed the rule, but they, I don't think they did it on purpose. They kind of took credit for it on purpose afterwards. But the Oregon kicker just kicked a, tried to kick a squibb kick and kicked it so hard off of the Ohio State player that it ended up being an onside. And they got recovered. I think They might've done it on purpose. I don't know. You Watch how the kicker runs up to the ball and then his reaction afterwards, I think it was, it was executed perfectly. Like hit the guy right in his right in his chest. Right. Yeah. It's a hard thing to do on purpose though. It is. I think he was just, I think, I think he just did a great job of taking credit for now. Something awesome happening. Putting 12 guys on the field on purpose.


That's, that's on purpose. That's also on purpose. That's the old buddy Ryan Polish goal line. Yes. Okay, next up. Texans Patriots. Texans 41. Patriots 21 Mayday. Hank. What do we think? It was a fun game. Did you have fun rooting for a rookie quarterback? I did have fun. I did have a moment of, of fear when Drake may went down. He, he did get pressured a lot. He did, you know, get thrown into the fire. But he threw a couple really nice deep balls. A couple mistakes. But it was, it was exciting. Give him a grade. I I process things by hearing grades. So Hank the scout watches Drake May today. What's the letter grade I'm gonna give Drake?


May a solid B minus. Mm. I thought he was more like a BB plus. Because one, you're Bad interception. Bad interception. But that's rookie quarterbacks. He threw three touchdowns. Three touchdowns. The touchdown to, to Kean. BTE was sick also. He just proved what my thought was that Jacoby beset, everyone's saying that Hanks of the world being like, can't put in Drake May, he's gonna get hurt. He is gonna get hurt. Jacobi Burett was so bad. That was why he was getting hit so often and looked like he was getting hurt every play. The offense looked way better. It did look better. You could, the line, there was a couple, I mean he was not, still not getting a lot of time to throw balls off and you Hammered on that one.


He needed to step up and, and move around a lot. But yeah, it looked better. But He can do that. So the line looked a little bit better than it has with Jacobi ett where he can't throw it. Yeah. Yeah. I thought he, I thought he like, he obviously made mistakes and Yeah, the interception, the one that he just floated was bad. But he's a rookie quarterback and he's getting his feet wet. This is what you want Hank. Because now the more like lumps he takes, he's gonna win a game sometime in the next couple month or so where it's gonna be like, oh shit. He's starting to put it all together and then next year you have all the excitement being like, he played and he, he did. Okay. So right now here's who he's got next.


He's got the Jaguars, then the Jets. Titans, Bears, Rams, dolphins. Colts Cardinals. Not a bad run. Not a bad run. Not a bad little stretch. Not a bad little stretch. I would say play pretty good. Yeah. And you should be excited. You should be excited. You got a new toy. You get to watch a new toy every Sunday. Three touchdown throws in the first start's pretty crazy. Yeah. You guys know what that's like. Stop it. We're just fine. I'm four. We're trying to gash you. You up Big Cat, what's your record? Four and two. Yeah, me Too. We're trying to gash you up. Hank Are you still dressed first? You Don't to get ugly. Yeah, we're still dressed in first. Okay. You're definitely gonna ruin the vibes of like trying to be civil about all of our quarterbacks. No, you know What's gonna Happen?


He just, he just, he's at one game and he's already doing it. You know what's happen? It's gonna happen. Hank's gonna try to play sports. You Guys are Yeah, you can't exist. Right? Hey, you're gonna try to play spoiler when me and Big Cat are gonna be fighting for the offs down the stretch. And you're just gonna be trying to psych us out and, and hope that one of us doesn't make the playoffs. No, I want success for both of you guys. Yeah, I've always said that. Yeah. I thought he played well. So Did I look clean jerseys look great. Yeah. Love those jerseys. They need to bring back the, the nineties Scott Zola blue ones next. But Yeah, The teams, it was, it was a fun, it was a, it was a better, you know, Sunday than think. Yeah. All the other ones this year. Think About what would've happened if Jacob ETT started this game. Probably would've scored like seven points.


We Also just had something like two really bad fumbles by receivers that not drank Mae's fault, but it could have been closer. Yeah. And the Texans, I feel like The receivers aren't used to running with the ball. 'cause they haven't had that many catches with Jacobi. Yeah. It's a foreign, they're Getting used to it. Like, what is this in my hand? The have to hold it. My idea that the Texans might actually end up benefiting long term for Nico Collins being out this tank de had his best game of the season. Joe Mixon was a awesome, again, he, he, you know, he missed a few games, but he looked fast out there. Yeah. He had 103 yards in a touchdown. Like so I think the Texans are gonna be better off two touchdowns. Oh, he caught one too.


Yeah. I mean the Texas are a very good team, so you can't, and their defense is ferocious. Did Will Anderson have three sacks? He Had three sacks. A bunch of pressures. Another fun stat here. The lighthouse. The lighthouse has not won a game since Hank has touched it. It's all right. The rebuilding season. Memes also just pointed out a sta stat back here that they are one in 11 since they built the lighthouse. The New lighthouse. No. And the old lighthouse is the most successful lighthouse in the history of lighthouses. But and that's not even up for debate. Oh no. Tear it down. No comment.


No comment. Yeah. I mean, at least we have a stadium where, you know, people aren't getting injured every time they play. There's talking about, He's talking about my turf. Talking about my grass Soldier field's. Nothing. Yeah, no, it's not great. It's not great. Yeah. I Think someone got stabbed their last year. Yeah. You wanna make fun of a couple little knickknacks. Like that's fine. As long as it's playing surface, which is, you know, what our franchise Top five draft pick is gonna be playing on and what really matters. That's, that's fine. So you admit the lighthouse is just a little knickknack? Yeah. He's, he's deflecting. No, I think they're just trying to, you know, why did you bring, it's not the, the reason the Patriots haven't won a game in the past couple years at home is not 'cause of the lighthouse. But I, you know, I understand.


It's, it's a good, good little dis good little dig. You're being a hater right now. We'll see what happens at the end. His Career. I, I'm gonna call time out to Hank Hank's Hate Time out. Time out. Time out. Time out. Makes hate time out. Okay. Time in. You can resume hating. No, I'm not hating. I'm just, it it's fine. It's fine. I get it. You gotta get your, your digs in when you can. Yeah. Listen, Hank, I, you know me. I want the Patriots. Drake May, as far as I'm concerned, Drake Bass, We're all root really hard For Drake. May Drake May's own one at the Lighthouse. The the, the previous record does not Count. Got it. Got it. Nobody wants the Pats to be successful more than me and Big Cat. We want Drake may to be good. I The NFL is better when the Patriots are Dynasty and nobody else is having fun.


It's good We gave him a b plus. It's true. You gave him a B minus. How many other NFL teams have TV shows made after him? It's a great show. Yeah, exactly. Who would play Drake? May I, I feel like Tim Tebow would, John Malini that would really fuck everyone up. Tim Tebow plays Drake May. Yeah. The Texans are really good. Excited for this bad pick. Either this Texans Packers game's gonna be great. That's a measuring stick Game. It's it's gonna run for both of 'em I think. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Like who? 'cause I do think both are Super Bowl contending teams. Yeah. And the Texans are, I mean in the A FC it feels like right now it's them, the Chiefs and the Ravens Maybe. Am I wrong? Am I missing someone?


Bills? Maybe. But they didn't look good. Bills Have to. Yeah. We'll see what happens. And Bills have to win on Monday night for me to be, they, they've had two bad games in a row. So. Alright. The afternoon games. Lions 47, Cowboys nine. Jerry Jones 82nd birthday. Pretty bad birthday Ho boy. Do you think he had different sets of strippers to call for like happy birthday strippers and then sad birthday strippers? No, I think he, he just Called them all just Yeah. Yeah. He's gonna spend way more money when he is sad probably than if he was happy. Such a shame that he had such a bad birthday. But holy shit. The Cowboys I think are just bad. Yeah, I And we will talk about the Lions because the Lions are very, very good.


But the Cowboys, they're just ass. Dak is ass. Especially at home. Yeah, at home. They, they, since I don't wanna bring Hank up again, but since, since Hank went to Dallas. Yeah. They've gotten their ass kicked at home. Yeah. It's kind of crazy. Kind of the losing touch. The, The Rich Eisen tweeted out the last four, the last four home games for the Dallas Cowboys at halftime. These are halftime scores. They were down 27, 7 35, 16, 21 6 27 6. That's 110 to 35. Yeah. The last four halftime scores. When Was the last time Hank was There? He was there in the playoffs. The 27 7 1 I think.


Yeah, Duck boats. Got It. Yeah. 27 7 1. So in their last four home games, the Cowboys have allowed 167 points as the third most over four game span at home in NFL history. Mm. In the history of the league. You Just hate to see it. You hate to have to throw these stats out. Here's another one. The Cowboys have 117 points this year. Brandon Aubrey has 60. Mm He has more than half of their points. Here's another Dak, his ass. Here's another interesting one. And. we should Just say Dak his ass after every one of these stats In 2010. Wait, he's not paid that much. No. So it's not like you expect much outta there. No, that's true. In 2010, Wade Phillips got fired after he lost to Green Bay by 38 points.


It was 45 to seven and the Cowboys just lost at home by 38 points. Now Jerry Jones dak his ass. Dak his ass. Jerry Jones says that he's not considering it. He told the press several times. He's not considering firing Mike McCarthy a after this game. He hasn't even thought about it. The him saying he is not considering it means he's considered it. Because you have to come up with that. You have to use your brain to say the words. I'm not considering it. Which would make it, you're considering the thought of it. But You didn't, you didn't let me finish. He said twice I'm not considering it. And then he said, so we're clear. I'm not considering it. Ah. But he has considered It. He's considered it at least three times. It's my old think about it. I want, I want to, I want to patent the phrase, think about it.


'cause when you tell someone to think about it, the first thing they do is think about it. They gotta think about it. Yeah. You own them Mentally. So it was his 82nd birthday and he said afterwards, I think the worst part was just the feeling of the team having fun at our expense. Detroit having fun at our expense. Yeah. So, well one last thing. I I, I wonder, Dak is obviously not Well He is Ass. He's asked but he's not, you could, you could do worse than Dak. But he's had some big time games where he's been asked and he had another one of those weird, like not on the same page as CD lamb jump balls in the corner of the end zone. That kind of started the whole jump balls.


Like he that that, that's the thing though, is he, it's like his numbers were bad today, but remember in the Packers game when everyone's like, oh well the playoff game. Oh well his numbers weren't so bad. He put 'em in a hole that basically they weren't able, able to get out of the, he was horrible. That guy. The Cowboys defense is bad. The Cowboys defense got absolutely torched today. But, and you pay Dak to, to stay in these type of games big time plays. He hasn't been doing it. I Think it, it is valid to say that their defense is dealing with a lot of significant injuries. Like their defense shouldn't be as bad as it is right now. If they, They were on quit watch If they had their sword. They quit today. Yeah. They were on quit watch and everyone was standing. There was one run, I think it was Jamir Gibbs in the third quarter. 'cause this was the longest game ever where everyone was standing upright.


Yeah. And no one was trying to tackle 'em and the Lions. So yeah, the, they were having fun. Ben Johnson was emptying the clip on them. They had three different plays. None of 'em actually ended up working. One of 'em was called back for penalty. Three different plays where a lineman was targeted for a pass. They even had Dan Skipper lineup as an actual wide receiver, which was awesome That Dan Skipper report is eligible on the first offensive play of the game. Yeah. And that was a big fuck you. Yeah, they had, they, they tried to throw a touchdown pass the pineal. That one was called back. But it was, they were doing all kinds of things. They were scoring touchdowns when they're already up 40 or whatever it was. 35. The Lions are offensively so fucking good.


And Jared Goff has basically played perfect for football the last two games. He is the two games. 36 or 43, 601 yards, five touchdowns, zero interceptions passer ratings of 155.8 and 153.8. This is the first time since 1962. The Lions have 40 points in consecutive games. Yeah. They're the best. I think they're the best roster in the NFC by far. Offensively. Offensively. Because Obviously Aiden Hutchinson getting hurt was a big part of this game, which sucks immensely. That was bad. It, it looked like it was, it looked in real time like it was a compound fracture. I don't think that it was, I think he snapped his tibia. They did like emergency surgery. He's out for the year. Which sucks 'cause he was probably, he was on track to be defensive player of the year and he was having that kind of an impact and, And he felt he he's you Can't replace him.


Yeah. He's like the heart and soul of their defense. He's the motor behind it all. So that was like one part. You're watching this game and the Lions uniforms by the way pop so much. I know they changed him. Well, I didn't know until I asked our Lions fan Matt Henkel. I was like, are these brighter? He's like, yeah, we changed them. I missed that. They look awesome. Yeah. Especially when the, the Cowboys are wearing their like very drab blue at home. Yeah. The blue of of the Lions just shits on it. Did you guys see this one? Did you hear about this one? The Cowboys logo? Someone, someone sent me this meme. It's actually, it's a rating One star. Oh. Oh no. One Star outta Five. You know who else made people wear One Star?


Yeah, I do. Jerry Jones. Jerry Jones. Jerry Jones. Jerry Jones. Jerry Jerry Jones. But yeah, Aiden Hut. Also The sun in the stadium that Jerry Jones designed is Thomas ever. It's so funny. It's ridiculous. Jerry Jones designed basically just a, a huge monument to himself in the middle of Arlington, Texas. And he didn't stop to think like, what time do we play football games? Where's the sun when we play football games? Yeah. Oh yeah. It's gonna be directly in people's faces. Yeah. Yeah. Directly in people's faces. I saw someone say too, And they have events there like concerts that aren't football. They have Curtains. Curtains. Yeah. Yeah. Why wouldn't you do that? The pictures look sick. Well, he wants Scott to watch the Cowboys. That was the old, the old stadium.


Yep. They had the opening there. It sucks really bad though. For the Lions with Aiden Hutchison. I fun trade that I don't think is even possible, but would be awesome. Why don't they trade for Max Crosby? Yeah. The Raiders are gonna be the Raiders are are bad. We'll get to the Raiders. They're, they're they son Reddick son. Reddick Max you Have, but Max Crosby has ties to the area. You always have to think about that. Like it's, it's Aiden Hutchin going down is obviously devastating for the Lions defense and fans. As good as this game was, you're walking away being like, damn, what just happened? Eastern Michigan, max Crosby coming back to Detroit area.


But I guess the only silver lining is it happened before the trade deadline. So maybe you can figure out a way to do something because you are a Super Bowl ready team right this second. Yeah. You can't replace him. He's so good. He's playing such a high level. You're not gonna find anybody out there there that is going to replace Aiden Hutchinson. I mean, max Crosby's probably about as close as you can get. Yeah. He, he's elite at what he does. I still think that the Lions are, are good enough to still, we can still say I think they have the best roster in the NFC. Yeah. I just don't, I think their defense is gonna be it. Their defense is gonna stru like that was, that is the heart and soul of their defense. Yeah. And they, they were a little thin on the defensive line anyway, that their offense is just so loaded and, and Tim, Patrick has basically just become Josh Reynolds.


Which is funny because Tim Patrick was on the Broncos and now Josh Reynolds on the Broncos. But he, we going into the season we're like, the Lions have all these weapons, everything should work. They don't have that that that third receiver that should be able to get some of these yards for him. And Tim Patrick looks like that guy for Him. Yeah. Jamison is never gonna be that guy that's like a possession Receiver. Although he's started to run different routes. Yeah. Although, although, Although if you've seen him the last few weeks Yes. He has learned how to turn. Yes. Which is important. And so he is doing a couple comebacks, they're using 'em in different ways besides just like an end around a reverse or just a deep shot. They are mixing it up a little bit. Yeah. They had him on like a slant for about 10 yards today. They was like, Ooh, that's interesting. They're Slowly introducing him to turning, that's what they did with dk.


Yeah, it worked out pretty well for him so far. But yeah, the lines on offense today, the, the, the shit that they were doing it was like part trolling. But I think it's like Dan Campbell, he tells Ben Johnson what plays he wants to see, like what guys he wants to see featured. Like he is mapping his entire offensive game plan around who he wants to give the game ball to. Yeah. In emotional ceremony afterwards. Well, The crazy thing about today and how good the Lions are is they had six guys go for 50 plus yards on line of scrimmage and Ara wasn't one of 'em. Yeah. That's how cra that's how talented they Are. Yeah. It's nuts. And that the play it to Pine, this is what we said. I think we said that last Wednesday after Travis Kel did his rugby shit in the Monday night football game.


The next iteration is gonna be doing that play, but hitting a lineman that's running downhill. Yeah. That's what they tried to do with Pine Sewell, who by the way, looked like a running back when he got it tucked the ball dove for the goal line. That firmly stands as one of those plays. That's like, it was so cool. Picked the fucking flag. Yeah. Pick the flag up. Pick the flag up. We you, you deprived us of a football moment. Yeah. Referees In the flea flickered of La Porta. The flea flicker was sick. Was sick. Yeah. Yeah. It just, yeah. The Lions are a, a juggernaut on offense. They're very fun to Watch also. It was nice seeing Cooper Rush is still around getting in for whatever the opposite of a victory cigar is. Yeah. Cooper Rush. He and Hooker. Yeah. That yeah. Was the end of this game. He and Hooker got in at the end and I realized when I saw Cooper Rush out there, Jerry Jones has a thing for Ginger backup quarterbacks.


Yep. He's got Brandon, he had Brandon Wheedon, he had Andy Dalton, Andy Dalton, Cooper Rush, and Jason Garrett. The man, just like he looks at a redheaded football player, he is like, that's my backup quarterback. Yeah. Oh. Such a shame. They lost on his 82nd Birthday. I know. And In, in this way. They're, they're not a good football team. No, I don't. 167 points is what they've allowed at home in the last four games. It's crazy. I I I don't know what maybe it's, I mean, they don't have depth, they have a lot of injuries. They pay a lot of, they pay a lot of top end guys, but Yeah. They're just not a good football team. No, it's such a shame. I, I hate, Hate to see it. Hate every second. Hate to see it.


Hate to see it. Is that imagine like being, well, I, I guess you can't really say, imagine being Jerry Jones for a million different reasons. Yeah. But imagine being Jerry Jones. You buy the Cowboys we talked to, to skip about this on Friday. You buy the Cowboys first five years that you buy the Cowboys, you win a Super Bowl, then you win two more. Never again. Yeah. That's what he's facing right now. Because after the first five years you think that it was you And you think that it's gonna happen all the time. Because You ran Jimmy Johnson off after he won a Super Bowl, and then you go back and you win another Super Bowl with Barry Switzer. Yeah. With Barry Switzer. You think that it's, you, you think that, that you're, you're a system owner.


You can plug and play Anybody. Imagine Telling Jerry Jones in 1995 you, Hey buddy, you've, you've won your last Super Bowl. I actually think he would Memes himself. Yeah. Yeah. He would, he would block everyone on Twitter. Delete all his apps. Except Raya. Alright. That was, yeah. Lions. Lions are a juggernaut. Lions are a juggernaut. How are you feeling about the Cowboys sucking Max? You love it. Yeah. It's the best. I love when Dak just has these games where he just looks horrible. He looks, some days he looks some games, he looks pretty good. And then there's games like this where it's just like, holy Shit. That's what it is. What's so weird about Dak is he does have games where he looks like one of the best quarterbacks in the league. And then, and then he just looks like, But but you can like, as you can, you can set your watch to it.


Is that Eddie? Yeah. Eddie's On Eddie's on TV right Now. Wait, no, that's not him right there. Oh, It's not? I thought that was Eddie's Definitely not Eddie right there. Oh, okay. What? I just caught him at the corner of my eye and I thought that was Eddie. What Eddie does do TV on. Oh wait, were you talking about there? Yeah. Oh, we thought you were talking about there. You thought I was talking about Dave Wset. No, I know. No, the guy with Dave Wset. Oh no, No. That's Eddie is there. Yes. Eddie's there. Eddie's having a good time. Yeah. He's doing Fox Chicago. Yeah. I was like, if that's not Eddie. Yeah. Eddie's been doing, for people who don't know, Eddie's our coworker. He's doing, he, I think he does the Monday mornings. I used to do like 10, 12 years ago. That was brutal. 'cause I'd get hammered watching the Bears and then I would wake up at five in the morning and go do five minutes on Fox Chicago at 6:00 AM Yeah.


It's tough. And. it was. I'd put on a sweater and I'd look so fat and stupid. Yeah. Like Eddie. And I'd just be like, I don't Know. Eddie's looking good. Yeah. Eddie looks good in this. Yeah, he's on, he's on Fox Chicago. Where were we? Oh, we're Just talking about how Dak his ass Dak his ass. Hank Belichick. Belichick's gonna fix it. Yeah. Max, are you, 'cause you really hate the, the Cowboys. Of course. They're the worst. Yeah. Yeah. So this has gotta feel good. Yeah. No, it was every time like the Cowboys have one of these games. It's just funny to just laugh at them and they're just like, oh, this team fucking stinks. But like, obviously no Micah Parsons defense is gonna look worse.


So. Yeah. But they've had three of these games this year. I know. And they've all happened at home. You know, It's crazy. Where's me though? And Hank was there. Max Is this, well that was the fourth. Yeah. As a Oh, right, right. That was a playoffs. Right. As a fellow Cowboys hater. Max, does it worry you at all that in a season like this, the Cowboys defense playing this poorly, the team not looking good. Dak looking like ass. We're, we're gonna be deprived of having Cowboys fans think to themselves like, this is our year, our team's awesome. And then having them shit to bed in the playoffs. No, I want, I want pain all the time. Always. Okay. 'cause they'll, they'll still get themselves up each each week that like, we're the Cowboys, we're the better team. We're gonna win this game. We're Supposed to be the Cowboys. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't worry about that.


And Hank was there four games ago. Yeah, He was, he put his stink on him. Yep. It was a great time. They have not won a game since. So, so the Lighthouse. Yeah. Hank touching the Lighthouse Duck Boats. So what's, what's the memes? Can we get the full stats tomorrow? Maybe in a image. Hank's teams. Hank's teams. He since going to the Cowboys, their own Ford Home since being the keeper of the lighthouse, they haven't won a game at home. And then the picture of the graphic should be me and Missoula. No, no, no, no. You Don't. This is a football show. This is a football show. This is a football show. I know you don't like football, but Football show you don't, I don't know if you know this, but you don't this anymore. And. we got 40 piece by Iowa, Washington. Oh, Washington the Hussies. Oh damn. No, you take Hit 40 piece by Iowa.


Alright, let's do another ad, another couple ads and then we will finish up with the last three games. And also Sunday Night Football. Yeah.


Before we get back to football, we love football here on part of my take. I hope you guys like football too. It's the best. It's brought to you by Via tour. Via tour is a tool that you can use to plan and book travel experiences around the world. They have an app and a website that makes it easy to explore 300,000 plus travel experiences. So you can discover what's out there no matter where you're traveling, no matter what you're interested in. Vitor can help you plan better travel experiences with real traveler reviews. So you get to hear insider information from people who've already been on the experience that you're considering. Real people leaving real reviews that are very relevant to what you're looking at. They also have free cancellation, which helps you plan for the unexpected. Hank and I went on Aya tour trip. We cruised the Chicago River, learned all alsos of fun facts about the buildings, about the city that we call our own. Now Via tour is great. If you're going to, if you're planning a trip right now, check it out on Via tour. I guarantee you they will have something that you can do in that city that you've never thought of that you're going to love. It's gonna make your trip so much better. Download the Via Tour app. You can use promo code via Tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. That's via Tour one zero V-I-A-T-O-R one zero. Get 10% off your first booking in the app. Find travel experiences for you. Do more with Via tour.


This episode of Pardon My Take is also brought to you by our good friends over at Uber Eats. It's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites. Like Little Caesar's this week. Enjoy. Buy one Ultimate Supreme, get one extra most bestest pepperoni pizza free from Little Caesar's. Only on Uber Eats. You buy one Ultimate Supreme, then you get one extra most bestest pepperoni pizza for free from Little Caesar's on Uber Eats. It's a great deal. If you're looking to get two pies, guess what? Football game tonight, Monday, Thursday. More football. Actually football all week. If you're looking to watch football on tv, if you're looking to order some pizzas, there's a buy one get one free right there for you. Uber Eats has you covered Game day deals on burgers, tacos, wings, and more. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand food delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms. Taxes and fees apply. See app for details this week. Enjoy. Buy one Ultimate Supreme get one extra. Most Bests pepperoni pizza free from Little Caesar's. Only on Uber Eats.


Okay. Last three games. Chargers 23, Broncos 16. Jim Harbaugh has an arrhythmia of his heart and thankfully he's okay. So Harbaugh himself said after he's two and Oh in arrhythmia games. Yeah. Two and oh. And he said, I'm medically qualified to talk about it. Yeah, that's what he said. That's, that's good. He also, I just loved the Jim Harbaugh. Like, it was weird because we obviously saw the reports then John Harbaugh left his press conference release. So like, shit, something really wrong. I just love the fact that Jim Harbo went to the, the blue tent before going into the locker room. Yeah. He's a player. He's a player's a gotta get checked out by the guys. Yeah. Yeah. And so I also love the fact that he's keeping track of his record in arrhythmia games. Yeah. Two and O2 against him.


Not the first time he's beaten AFib. It's if you talked to the ncaa, it's been a little bit dicey recently. Yep. But he's come out on top every single time. Yep. Now it is. It's in a sick way. It's, it's funny that now the Chargers have their coach that's also listed on the injury report. Yes. Because it's very Chargers. Yes. The way that their franchise has gone recently. But today was a good day for the Chargers. Yeah. Good day. At least a good first half. Justin Herbert back looks, I mean he, he hasn't missed any games, but he didn't look like he was hampered by the ankle like he was last. We saw him against the Chiefs. Started really fast. Also helps Bo Nicks was so bad in the first half. He was three for 10 22 yards.


One interception, 0.0 passing rating. Yeah. And I also like, there was a bunch of injuries. Did Rashan Slater go down again? I I, I think he might've gotten banged up again. He might've come back in. I know Patrick Satan went out for the game. He got a concussion the first half. Which that's a big loss for the Broncos defense. Yeah. 'cause he's probably the best corner in the league. But it Bo Nicks kind of put him in a hole that they didn't get out of and the Chargers stepped on them. Yeah. They put 'em away. Yeah. But the Broncos look, they look better in the second half. I can't figure out the Broncos week to week. I think they're the most confusing team in the NFL. I think Bo Nicks just does like half good, half bad every week. He's schizophrenic. Yeah. He just can't.


It just, if, if it's the first half and the defense is firing, you're gonna win the game. If it's second half, you, you might be in a hole that you can't get out of. But It's, it is crazy. 'cause they beat the Bucs. They beat the Bucs in Tampa. Right. They, Now, I don't know if the Bucs are, I don't have the Bucs rated that high. I Think the Bucs are pretty good though. I think they're good. I'm just, I I wouldn't say they're like, I wouldn't say, I'm not like, oh, they beat the Bucs. Like they, like they beat the Chiefs or they beat the Lions or they beat the Ravens. I would say they're, they're just below like Yeah, they're below Lions. Whatever that tier is. The second best tier in the NFC. That's where the Bucs reside. I think. Even though the Bucs beat the Lions, They're below that tier. You, you think they're below that tier?


Yeah. If you did tears in the NFC. Yep. Lions and Vikings. Yep. Packers are in the next tier. Commanders might be and 49 ERs. I think the Bucs are below that. But they beat the Lions. I, yeah. I I think they're, I think they're right below that. But still, I'm not saying the Bucs are bad. I just don't, I don't think the Bucs Were Imagine, imagine that Stephen Shaa did not exist. I was just about to say that. What would you say about the Bucs? I would have the same feeling about the Bucs. I think they're the second best team in the NFC South. I think the Falcons are better. No, they're not. Well they beat 'em. I don't think they're better. Well they, they literally play, they played a game and they beat 'em. Would you say the Niners are better than the Cardinals?


The Niners are better than the car play. The Niners better than the box too. They Played game, but they played a game. Yeah. But the Niners also have a better Record. Cardinals beat 'em. The Niners have a better record than the Cardinals. Just I, The Falcons have a better record and they beat 'em. I think, I think that the, the Bucs or whatever that second what, regardless, I Wouldn't say the Broncos, the Broncos beat Broncos Having a road win. Yeah, yeah. In Tampa Bay, rookie quarterback against Todd Bulls and doing all the weird blitzes and shit. That is a pretty impressive win. So the Broncos are, they're capable of pulling these wins outta their asses against good teams. Their defense is Good. Their defense is very good. But they also scored a shitload of points against the box. Yeah. But their defense is very good. Bonus. I Can't figure out the Broncos. He's not, I don't know Bo Nicks, I've seen a lot of Bo Nicks, I've watched a lot of Bo Nicks Football.


Yeah. I mean he's been, we've watched Bo Nicks on Saturdays since basically the start of part of my take. Yeah. He's been like a constant, but he's still fun to watch. I still stand by that take. And Bo Nicks is, he's, he's electric. He's, he's erratic. He makes mistakes and successes going a hundred miles an hour. Yeah. And I guess any given Sunday. So who knows with the Bucs. I mean that, that was a game that the Bucs Broncos game was a game that the Bucs came out very flat. Any given Sunday. Yeah. This game, the Broncos came out flat and the Chargers were the better team. It's the Jerseys the Jersey a mistake. The jerseys Were an issue for the Broncos. That was a mistake compared to last week where they wore the best uniform in the world. And then they come out wearing these like muted oranges and blues.


It Sucked. Let me ask you a question. Do you think the Chargers are better than the the Broncos? Because I do. So like, I, I think that the Broncos Yeah. Are like a Frisky team that is probably not a playoff team. I think they're, but maybe in the, they're probably the third best team in their division. I think they are the third best team. I think the Chargers, they are certainly like, riddled with injuries and they don't always have like their most talented guys on the field. But I think that they're a more consistent football team also. It's a rookie Quarterback. That's which I'm, I'm like, bro, Bo X deserves, he he had a bad first half. He, he played well in the second half. That, that's what I'm saying about the Broncos. I'm not saying the Broncos are good. I'm not saying that at all. In fact, I'm saying I I can't figure them out. Yeah. I don't know what the Broncos are. I think they're think they're exactly like a 500 type team.


They're like crazy inconsistent. And when they're bad they can look like one of the worst teams in the NFL. Yeah. And then when they're at their best, it's like, holy shit, this team is, is Feisty. And I do think the Chargers are good. I think the Chargers were really banged up when they lost to the Steelers and the Chiefs. And now that they had a bi week and, and got healthier. I think the Chargers, I would feel more confident being like the Chargers will be a team that's in the playoffs in the Broncos. So I have a, a question for you. Big Cat about our good friend Jim Harbaugh. Yeah. Now that he knows that he's two and Oh, in arrhythmia games, he's not gonna try to give himself a arrhythmias before games, right? I don't think so. I think it's a pretty serious medical thing. Okay. He had a, he had a procedure in 2012 that fixed it. So he can do that again.


Okay. My, my doctor who's just, he's not my doctor, but he tells me stuff. Dr. Dan who once put Ron in a cast, even though he didn't have a broken arm for something we did on the ax. He, Dr. Dan said that he had a procedure, he can do it again or he can go on medicine. So it's, he had like an ablation done. Were they like shocked some of the, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pull up Dr. Dan 'cause he actually gave me the full breakdown that was very, very much needed too long, didn't read. Harbaugh most likely has a random heart palpitations rapid heartbeat, which he's had in the past. He might need to get a minor procedure and miss a day of practice or go on medic. He won't miss practice or go on medication for it. But since he came back on the sideline, it's unlikely it was ever a dangerous or life-threatening situation.


Yeah. So that's good. Two and oh two Point. That's why I'm Concerned. I think if they got to the Super Bowl, he would maybe think about doing It. Yeah. If it happens, like if this was a he, if it was a playoff game and he had the arrhythmia beforehand, he'd be like, you know what, let's just ride this out. Yeah. Alright. So, so let's play this game. Broncos at Saint. Oh yeah. This is the Thursday night game. Broncos Saints. Whose line is it anyway? Show? Yeah. Sean Peyton graphic. Sean Peyton on the graphic for this one. Kevin James. Hey, did you get your phone back? So that lasted a while. Wait, it is Broncos at Saints. Broncos at Saints. I'm gonna say Saints Minus two. I was Saints minus three.


I would take the Broncos if I could be guaranteed. Patrick Satan was playing. What do you, what, what did you say? Two? Oh wait, no, Hank, you got it. Sorry. Sorry. Two DraftKings. It is Saints plus One. Oh. Oh. I think we gotta hammer the Saints. We Gotta take the Saints, I guess. Yeah, that makes sense. Dennis Allen. Really good defense against great coach, a rookie head coach, or I mean rookie quarterback. I guess you can make these same argument for the Saints. Although the Saints did not look good defensively Today. You couldn't say the really good head coach part. Yeah. For The Saints. Yeah, that too. Yeah. It feels like maybe the Broncos will win this game to keep us off the, Keep us off the scent. Yeah. Keep us off the set. Like what Would you expect the Broncos to do in this game?


I, I'll tell you right now, they're gonna beat the Saints and then the loose to the Panthers if we're gonna go on, on, on this. Yep. Yeah, I could see that. And then somehow maybe beat the Ravens. Sean Payton's gonna break out all that. You know the weird shit that he pulls out every now and again where he has like a a, a kick returner lie down in the end zone to try to blend into the letters. Yeah. So they can't see him when he is returning it. Yeah. There's gonna Be, yeah. Sean Payton's gonna empty the bag And I Bo Nicks could end up being good because I do think Sean Peyton is good at coaching quarterbacks. I just, this game, like the first half Bo Nicks put them in a hole that they couldn't get out of. And that was, that was kind of it. 'cause they kind of, they made it interesting at the end. It was very interesting. Yeah. They Were double on Side kick. Yeah.


So, I don't know Broncos, I, I still think their defense is elite. Especially if Patrick Satan comes back. Alright, next game. Falcons 38, Panthers 20. I got a question. Why don't the Panthers just put Bryce Young back in At the end of the game when it was, it was pretty far outta hand. I thought the same thing. They were just kind of driving for no real particular reason. Like Andy. Dalton is the offense isn't really the problem with the Panthers. It was when Bryce Young, I get that their defense is so bad that I don't really know who can play quarterback that would be able to have them win games.


They're not gonna win games. Why wouldn't you just have Bryce Young and see if maybe he can get somehow better? I know that it's probably, you know, you're, you're, you're wishing on a lottery ticket. But what's the point in not playing him when you're not gonna do anything this year? I have a theory. I think that the Panthers might be holding out hope that they can get something for him at the trade deadline. And I don't know what it would Be in my mind since I've gone so long without watching Bryce Young play. I don't think he's as shitty as I did in his last game. Yeah. Like he's gotten better in my dumb brain over the last couple weeks. 'cause I haven't seen him play. I think the Panthers are hoping that other GMs around the league forget how bad Bryce Young was and then they're willing to give up.


I don't know, like a fifth round pick for him. Yeah. Did the, did you see the clip of Andy Dalton teaching Bryce Young how to do fist pumps? No, I didn't see that was very cute. I didn't, he was showing them how to like, don't go up. You go like this. I saw them joking around a little bit on the sidelines. Yeah. They were frisky Bryce gave in the first half, Bryce Was smiling. Yeah. I don't think I've seen Bryce Young smile in the NFL before. I Just don't understand like you're, it's not a cult situation where the cults could conceivably go to the playoffs with Joe Flacco. The Panthers are not gonna go to the playoffs with Andy Dalton. Right. Like, that's not a knock on Andy Dalton. He, he played okay today and their offense did okay. Their defense is just so, so bad. So why wouldn't you just have Bryce Young play if you're, you're probably gonna get rid of him anyway.


Like, the gambler in me would be like, what if a one in a hundred chance he just, something clicks and he's good. I think what they gotta do is put him in for like a special, special design trick play that you know is gonna work. Get His confidence, Get one good play and then take him out again. Yeah. Be like Bryce, we're, we're now in the business of hearing offers for Bryce Young. Yeah. I don't think that there's any real, they're not gonna bring him back in to try to just like win football games. I don't think. I think that they're gonna But Why? But you're not gonna win football games without him. Right. Well this was like the whole argument for should you bench Bryce Young to begin with. Right. Which I, I kind of understood to begin with just because it was week whatever three and you're oh and two and you, hey, maybe Andy Dalton is so good that you start winning games and they won the first game that Andy Dalton played.


Now it's week six, you're one in five, you're not gonna do anything this year. You're further down the, along the line. Put 'em back in. I think they might be, they might be taking calls. Yeah. The Falcons, by the way, are the second seed right now. If the playoffs started today, The Falcons are, they got a lot of weapons. I I think the Falcons are, are good. I don't know. I mean, their pass rush doesn't, still doesn't get sacks. They should've beat The Chiefs. They should've beat the Chiefs. But then you could also do the argument that they should have lost to the Eagles. True. And maybe the box. Yeah. And maybe the Saints they got, I guess the One thing. Good thing about the Falcons today is they played a game that wasn't a heart attack. Yeah. It was good for them. Also. The the drum got broken again.


Oh no. And I think now that brings the Panthers to oh and three in games when the drum gets broken, they keep pounding drum. Oh no. Yeah. The Saint's offense. Two good running backs. Falcons. Yeah, sorry. F Falcons offense. Two great running backs. Drake, London is a beast. Yep. Kyle Pitts is getting the ball sometimes. Sometimes I'm, that's good. I'm, I'm It's out on cow piss. It's nice. It's nice to see that D not DJ Moore. What's it? Mooney? Yeah. Mooney looks good too. He looks better than he has. Ray. Ray. So they're doing everything. Yeah. So I, I do like to And Kirk looks better, like, it feels like every week Kirk Cousins looks like he can, I dunno if it's put more pressure on that foot or just move quicker off that foot. But he looks healthier. This was a game too, where I felt like the Falcons could easily lose this game if they were the old Falcons.


Just because that would make sense. Like a, a Thursday night thriller, they come back, they beat the Bucs and what happened? They just lost. And the first half it kind of, I think they were down seven. Nothing in this game. And. it was, it was within one score in the first half all the way to like the third quarter. But yeah, they, they took care of business so good for the Falcons. They took care of business, they ran the ball. Well they scored I think, more points today than they ever did in the previous regimes era. So their offenses, I mean the Panthers can do that. You're, you're gonna love playing the Panthers by the way. I can't wait. It's so much Fun. I can't Wait. It is. And I did see one person say to me on Friday, they were like, can you just please be a little nicer about the Panthers?


'cause it's so bad. Yeah. I Think we've been pretty nice though. Like we've, We've Yeah. I don't know what to say. We've sympathized with, with Panthers fans. Your owner sucks Knowing just what a, a shit hole you're in right now. It's not your fault. It's definitely not your fault. It's not your fault. You have your first round pick this year. Yeah. That's huge. You don't have your second. Yeah. But you still have your first round pick and Things can get better. Things can, it's the NFL teams go from, from worse to first. All the Time. All the time. And listen, I, I was stuck in a hell hole with an owner that I thought I would die before he died. Yeah. Things can change. Things can Change, things can get better. Alright. Last game. Steelers 20 or 32. Raiders 13 Steelers defense back after kind of getting run on by the Cowboys in that game.


They played in indie two weeks ago, but they were all over the place. Three turnovers, block punt, TJ Watts, a monster. The punches today Punches were incredible. Najee Harris was running harder than I think I've ever seen him run. It Was the White Sox. It was the White Sox. He, that was the first touchdown by a running back for the Steelers this year. Was it really? Yeah. That's Wild. Crazy And. it was a long one too. Yeah. He had 106 yards. But he, yeah, the Steelers, I, it's just Mike Tomlin just needs to be in a, a spot where like there's adversity he can never get, he can never get too far. The three and oh start for the Steelers. Mike Tomlin was not comfortable. So he's five and two now against the spread when he's a road favorite over the last four seasons.


That's good to know. So good, good for Mike Russell Wilson looked like he was, he thought that it was number was gonna get called at any given Snap. I Thought his number was gonna get called. Maybe that was 'cause Jerry kept on yelling to us that it's time. Well He, this time he had his helmet on for the entire game. Yeah. Like he was ready to go. Like he had been told, Hey Russ, you're in. Go get it. Justin Fields Did enough with his feet. And Najee Harris, like he said, was, was running the ball and they had some short fields and the Raiders It's bad. It's Bad, it's bad. I've, I've got an interesting stat here for Mark Davis coaches. Yeah. So the coaches that have been hired by Mark Davis, non interim coaches. Okay.


64 and 102. Ooh. That's a 38% win rate. Ooh. Interim coaches are 17 and 18. Ooh. So basically 500. But that's still a lot better. That's a lot better. The Raiders need to have just an ongoing cast of interim head coaches. If you win, you stick around and then when you lose, we'll just hire another interim coach. Yes. So we've made the connection before the Chiefs of the New Patriots and we've talked about all the different ways. Thief of Joy, Patrick Mahomes doesn't really matter how they look in the regular season. They won a Super Bowl last year where they didn't look good in the regular season. We got another one that we're gonna throw in there for the chiefs being the new Patriots.


This is the theory that's going around when the Patriots were really running well, it was always something would happen and they'd be like Belichick again. Even if he had nothing to do with it, you know, the, his coaches would go and and suck somewhere else. Yeah. He, he would send them to sabotage other teams. PE Belichick did it again. Yeah. Right. The new theory is that the Chiefs did it again because if they don't lose that Christmas Day game to the Raiders, Antonio Pierce probably doesn't get hired. Yeah. So they basically got Antonio Pierce hired and now the Raiders are in this spot. I kinda like it where it's like they're, they're the boogeyman whatever. You could just spin any bad thing that happens to Chiefs is actually that was them playing the long game.


Their Galaxy Brain shit. Yeah. Andy Reed was playing seven dimensional chess by the, He's like, if I lose this game, they will have to hire Antonio Pierce. I Can, the Raiders will Twice a year still be bad. Yeah. Or if, if the Chiefs don't lose that game, who knows if they win the Super Bowl. True. Who knows if they, if they are just like complacent gonna the playoffs. Yeah. It's, it's tough for Raiders fans. 'cause not only do you have a, a team that's no fun at all to watch. You probably have the least interesting quarterback controversy in the NFL. Yeah. And I don't know what you do about it. I don't either. You said Devonte Adams likes a OC. Yeah. Do you know why? I don't know why I just heard that. Did you see anything today where you're like, yeah, I could see Nope. If the Raiders had Devonte out there, this is a different game. Nope. Do you wanna play a fun game called let's find the next Raiders win?


Yeah. Okay. By the way the, for the, for the first part of the season, I think we all could agree that the Patriots beating the Bengals Week one was gonna be like the, what the fuck happened in that game? It's definitely the Raiders beating the Ravens. Yeah. That's the game where we're gonna look back. 'cause the Ravens are gonna be go probably to the a FC championship game and the Raiders are probably gonna win like three games, four games. And one of them's gonna be at the Ravens. Well It is kinda nice if you're playing the Ravens, you get to say like you're never out of it. Right. Because remember the Raiders beat 'em. Yeah, It's true. Alright. Alright. At the Rams next week, Rams off a Pi getting healthier. Yeah. Rams. Then they play The Chiefs at home.


They do play well against the Chiefs. I don't, yeah. Well but that was because Andy Reed threw that game. Yeah. He's Antonio Pierce already got A job. That's not the game. He Won't lose to the ratings until they need to keep him. No, but if, if they beat the Chiefs then Antonio Pearce will have more job security. That's the next time they play. Okay. Later on in the season. Agreed. At the Bengals No, At the Dolphins with Tour back. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think they could win that game. Maybe. That's, to me that's if it's a bad weather game, that's a uniform matchup. Yeah. You got the candy asses and then you got the old school Raiders Broncos at home. I think they could beat the Broncos. They Could. And then at the Chiefs at the Bucs and Falcons.


It's gonna be tough. This is not, it doesn't feel like the Raiders are are gonna make any noise. Not a Great schedule. No. Yeah. Doesn't feel like they're gonna make a lot of noise free. Max Crosby, He likes a OCI Don't know, maybe that was just a rumor I heard from the walls. The walls do talk around here. But Antonio Pierce, he's just, he's reached that point as a head coach where he's just trying anything different. Yeah. Like he knows what I just saw. Doesn't look good. Let me see if I can change something. Even put in a worse player and maybe somehow we'll get better. Yeah. Just, I just don't wanna see the change change up the look. Can we lose in a different way this week? Yeah. He's basically, he's basically just rearranging his living room. He's yeah. And it Iss still his living room.


The the deck chair's on the Titanic. Yeah. He's, he's like all I'll put the couch over here. Maybe gimme a different look at the tv. Oh Shit. We're still losing. Maybe the band played a better song. This iceberg would go away. Yeah. Alright. Last game. Sunday night football Bengals with a must win win. And they needed that game. Their defense showed up. Giants only scored seven points. That was big. And their offense, it was crazy. 'cause you'd think the offense has been so lights out kind of struggled. But Joe Burrow made the big plays when he had to. That touchdown run was awesome. Chase Brown. They also got a little lucky at the end. Chase Brown fumbled out of bounds. I saw that. Yeah. And then scored a 30 yard touchdown to, to ice the game away.


But yeah, that was like a hard fought game that the Giants, the Giants are Frisky d Dexter Lawrence is a fucking monster. Yeah. They're, they're, I feel like he sacked Joe Burrow like a hundred times. They're defensive line is good. Yeah. That's not like a fluke. They've got, we have Thibodaux was out today, right? Yep. But he's probably gonna be coming back in the next week or two. Yep. The defensive line is very, very good on the Giants. And when they get Malik neighbors back, that's gonna be a big too. Yeah. And, and credit to the Bengals defensive line. 'cause they, they've finally showed up too. Trey Henderson played. Well, BJ Hill played well. Like that's what they've been missing is their defensive line has been bad injured, but also bad. And now the Bengals, I mean, we, we still believe in the Bengals two and four.


What's their next must win. I mean, next week is, I think all of 'em. Yeah. They, they kind of all are. But this one was a real must win because it's like, you're better than the Giants even though the Giants aren't the worst team. So Wait, is that, is That Oh, they play at Cleveland. Oh, there you go. There you go. There you go. Love that. That's a good, that's a good, that's a good one. So is that, is that same Lamar Jackson stat about beating NFC teams? Is that what we're looking at with Daniel Jones being one in 14 now in primetime games? Yeah. Whereas one Win is against Lamar Jackson. No, that was, Is that the same game? That was the, that was the afternoon game. Okay. I remember. 'cause the Ravens were up Was fuck. Fuck. Yeah. But Daniel Jones is, is one in 14 in Prime time? Yeah. Not great. Something to think about. Not Great.


But again, I say Brian Day looks great. Yeah, he does. He he's got the glasses on now. He's been doing Pilates. He Looks smart. He's definitely not been doing Ozempic. It's Pilates That Joe Burrow run was crazy. I wanna see the all 22. There was no one on that side of the field. He's fast. He's just like, fuck it, I'm outta here. I'm Gone. Good for the Bengals. Yeah. Bengals needed that win bad. And now I, I'm not, I am not writing off the Bengals. I, there, there was a guy who, I shouldn't even been looking at it, but a, a, a guy on Twitter who said tomorrow on PMT Big Cat hates on the Bengals once again. Which I don't think we've ever, I think we're pretty pro Bengals. I Think I've been more pro Bengals than you.


But that's also partly I said Joe Burrow, MVP two weeks ago. But I think that's also partly in the back of my head so I can convince myself that Monday night football game Yeah. Meant more because we beat a good Bengal. But I, I literally was the one who was saying Joe Burrow MVPs playing incredible. But then I saw his other treat was Mike Tico. And, and Chris Collinsworth have a mouthful of cum over the Giants. So that guy's just doing well, he's doing real well. He's, he's, he's, he's dealing with this that's this broadcast. Well, The only guy in America that's like enough with the Giants glazing. We Get it. You guys love the Giants. I like to do that. Sometimes when I see like a rogue tweet like coming at us for one of our opinions. Just go check out what else they're saying.


Yeah. And you're like, all right. That makes sense. I, my favorite is when somebody's talking shit and I look at their recent replies and they're replying to porn stars. Yeah. That's, that's the best. Yeah. They're like, yeah, show me your feet. Show me your feet. Yeah. Hey, PFT and Big Cat. You guys are fucking idiots. Show me your tits. Yeah. Hey, Hey you stupid little short midget. I like that shit. Hey Midget. And then the next tweet is like a reply to Rochelle Ryan being like, come to Sheboygan. Yeah. Hey, I want, I'm your biggest fan. You ever, would you ever go on a date with a fan? Yeah. Those are the best. Did you ever go on a date with a fan? Yeah. I, I, I believe in the Bengals still. Just for the record. So Pope Jacob, just chill out, man. Is that a real pope? Yeah, he was, he was very upset about the, the broadcast.


Alright, So the Bengals sit at two and four right now. Yeah. But they're playing the Browns, right? Yep. So let's say three and four. Yep. Then they're playing the Eagles. I'm telling you. I think, I think the Bengals might, they might make the offs. I said it, I said last week. I think there's a chance the Bengals are gonna, next time they play the Ravens, they'll be above 500. 'cause then they play the Raiders. Like they'll, they'll, this was a as as even though the offense did not look like it's looked the last three weeks where Joe Burrow was just on fire. This was the game that you needed from the Bengals where the defense showed that they still have Life. That's what I've been saying is that Lou's gonna figure it out. Yeah. He's gonna figure something out. It did help.


They're playing Daniel Jones. And guess what? It helps. They're playing Deshaun Watson next week. Figure it out. Yeah. Okay. I have, so that was, that was all the games.


I have a rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs Polos hoodies, joggers shorts. rollback.com. Promo code. Take


Mets Dodgers game one memes The DODs. Just flush it. Move on. Game two's must win. What Happened? Oh, must win. What, what did happen? They just got absolutely smoked. What was the score? Nine Dodgers. Nine Nothing. Nine nothing. While we were taping Mookie bets. Yeah. Drove in three more. What Would you say to somebody who hypothetically said that the magic has run out for the Mets? If there was somebody like that in your life that was close to you, physically close to you. I would say it's a long series. And that hypothetical person blew their load too early last time as well.


Hmm. Oh. But it did feel like there were some plays. What was it? Who, who got thrown out at third? Jesse Winker. Yeah. That was like last week. That would've worked. It's just one game. It's just one game Win game two. And you and, and you're ahead of schedule. Yeah. And then got, you got Manai on the bump. You got three at home. You got three at home. The Dodgers though, they, they're like the anti Phillies. They they have guys that will get big hits. Everyone says that about the Dodgers in the playoffs. Well, I'm just saying they, they've so far they've gotten guys that have gotten big hits this year. Have they not? Yeah. I mean it's, but it's the Dodgers.


Okay. It's not like, oh, the Dodgers are historically good in the playoffs. No, I know. But they're getting, this year they were getting big hits. They Have won a World series more recently than the Phillies have. That's Covid true. Covid. That is a good point. Oh, so, so baseball, some baseball counts, but not, but not one is bubble. One was a bubble. One was self-contained in a bubble in A hotel in Orlando, Florida. Hold on. You, you, you now, you're right. Covid Was such a big deal. Would they have let Magic Johnson down there for the trophy ceremony without a mask? I Max, I don't care. Max question. You're, you're right. You got me on that, that the Dodgers have been chokers in the playoffs. They have Shhe now.


Yeah. This is his first playoffs. And he's been pretty good in these playoffs. He's been okay. I mean, he's been, he's been pretty good. He's, he, he went to for four night. You can be biased now. Yeah. It's, you could be unbias. I am. I, this is, this is being unbiased, but I just wanted the, The Dodgers lineup is scarier than the Phillies On paper. Yes. Total lineup is And Also yeah, that line Paper. But like going, but going into that Phils Met series, You say the the manager hands in the lineup. What does he usually write down On paper? Yeah. I mean, you guys have say Max's Better on paper in like every show.


What's your end game here though? Is your end game you're rooting Against? Don't you want the Mets lose? I do want the Met. Then what doing, He's rooting against the Dodgers because he wants the Mets to lose in the World Series. Serious. I Just, you you started talking shit and I wanted to, you know, I'm not talking shit. I'm talking shit. I'm just saying the Dodger like show Hey is a game changer. So is Bryce Harper. Okay. Bryce Harper's outta the Playoffs. Correct. But he, he was talking shit. What? But Max, max you want, I think I know what you're saying. You want the Dodgers to lose so that the Mets can make it to the World Series and have an even more heartbreaking loss. No, I did say that going into this game than I watched the game and I was like, I can't have Mets fan.


I I want Mets fans to Cry out right now. I was watching all of the clips of the, of that cave being so happy. Ugh. They were fighting with each other. It was the best. That's gotta make you feel good. There was, there was, there was one part where they were, it's not gonna bring your friend back. You could just, you could just hear the, excuse me. It's Not gonna bring your friend back. Who's my friend. He's saying we Don't, we don't have to bring others down to build ourselves up Max. Oh, that, that's, that's exactly what you do. 100%. You have to do that. Yeah. It's all you have left. Yeah. That's what sports fan is. That's why Hank is just rooting against every single team in this podcast. Yeah. He might be rooting. No, no. He might be. No one wants, no one wants the Bears and the Commander better than Yeah.


And Hank might, I said that all the time. Start rooting. He might start rooting for the Mets just to stick it to you now, Right? I think so. No, I wanted, I was rooting for the Phillies. The Padres went outside though. The Dodgers just squashed them 24 scoreless innings. And so the Tigers went outside too. Scobel that grand slam. That was, that was hurtful. So the Guardians now play the Yankees game one. That's, it's all, all Eyes on New York for, to Columbus Day. Yeah. Columbus Day. It's, it's the Mets, then the Yankees, then the Jets and the bills. Pretty good day. Pretty crazy day. Also as the pitch will be a pretty bad day. What are you gonna say, Hank?


It's impossible. What? You can't parlay all four to lose. Oh, you wanna parlay the jets and the bills to lose Ty. So you, you, you, let's look at Draftings real quick. What a tie is be. No, no. Yeah. What he wants to do, the DODs, he wants to do the DODs, the, I dunno if that's what LA fans call 'em. The DODs, the Dodds Angeles. The guards and, and a tie. That's what he that's what you're root for. No bills. That's what You're for. Yeah. If you're really being a hater, which we should call time out for. Yeah. But if you're truly hating, then you should root For the plus 6 49.


That's it. No, no, not tie the bills. The, the guards and the dots. All right. I like that. Plus six 40. But I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm rooting for you Memes. The hater parlay. I'm Just engineering ways to figure out how how bad you're gonna suck. Oh, play out. Baseball has been great though. Has Max, are you calm now? After Ask Rec. Yeah. I feel Great. I mean, it was an electric show. It was, I'm happy that Hall Of fame. Pardon? I'm happy That people were Happy between Skip and your Asrack. It was a hall of fame episode of Pardon? My Team. It was crazy that more people were talking about the ass crack. Am I a fucking Asshole? But you have to understand, you're, you're, I I watched that clip A thousand times.


Oh, I was showing it to random people. Yeah. I was like, look at this. I just woke up on Saturday morning. It was like the gambling account tagged me. Or not gambling. College football show. It was like Philly May's still catching strays And. it was just big catch putting the phone right in Dave's face. Like, look at my boy back. Look, look at He was so upset about his ass crack. Yeah. I was like, look at my guy. He gets so angry. He's so Italian. Have you thought about throwing out those underwear? Yeah. I still havet unpacked that bag to be honest with you. I gotta do that like Mentally. Yeah, I was gonna say, it sounds like you're talking about your psychology later. Can we, can we frame it and put it in the, in the studio please.


Frame my, Yeah. I would like to frame your underwear and put it in the studio. Why don't we just get a picture of his ass rack. Can we say, Pugs said you What a pug say to you. He was, why don't, he was like, why don't you just like rip a really good belt? That's a good question. Yeah. Those pants don't have, don't have belt loops. And you've, you've dealt with it by just becoming the baggiest person in the world today. Yep. Let us know. No racks. I watched the clip a bunch. I I, I was thinking about designing. Maybe it's just some, some T-shirts that say my fucking asshole question mark. If you guys would buy that, let, let, let me know. Reach out. We we'll try and make that happen. No one would Buy that. Maybe just a picture of his face right before he hits the camera outta dude's hand on the front and then just his ass.


Oh, What if we, maybe, maybe it's just M-F-A-H-I Wonder if our, our merch team could figure out a way to sell boxers that are just Max's ass. Yeah. No, it's the ass and the rip. Yeah. So they're like, see The thing about Max, max, max, a hundred percent of the time that you're on a stream with a team that you care about, you provide a moment that is just like, what the fuck is this guy? It's awesome. It's the Best. You have a, a secret talent. You don't try to do any of it. It, it also is talented guy. You Remember when he spat on me Max? That was bad. It also is the, the curse of No, no, this is, I think it was the Phillies against, was it Phillies gnats Or Yeah. No, it was, it was Phillies in the playoffs.


It Was last Year. Yeah. La was it last year? No, two years. Two years ago. And He got excited 'cause I think they had a home run and he stood up and he said something wasn't careful with the lips and a big thing. Spit flew up. Yeah, just spit all over. I think it was in this gambling cave. Yeah. I thought it was in the New York game. Right? It was in New York. The, you, It may not have been Phillies may have been New York Max. You also, I mean, you know this, but last week was a perfect example. The, the curse of working at partial sports is when your team has epic heartbreak. It's actually like good for your career. In a weird way. It's fucked up. Don't shake your head, Hank. Don't fucking shake your head. That does not apply to you. That does not apply to you. But people love our sadness. So when we have like ultimate sadness, it somehow does wonders for us.


I Hank giggling Is Making mes me so mad right now. He's The only one who can't say This. It's making me so mad. You're right. I was shaking my head like, yeah, they catch right. But you don't, It doesn't apply to you. Spit for Everyone except for Hank. If your team loses is good. Yeah. For the longest time, the the highest rated episode of Pardon My Take was a Mike Florio episode. And. we were like Florio doing numbers and then I realized it was right after the double, double, double going. Yeah. Yeah.


Alright, let's do who's back in the week. We'll finish up Coors Light College. Football's never short on intrigue, especially when they're iconic rivals. But you can add to the excitement On Saturday's, Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for the free to play college football. Pick 'em pools where you pick winners for a chance to win big. When the rivalries heat up, it's time to choose chill and then reach for an ice cold Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue. When your beer is cold, Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Coors Light is cold. Lager cold filtered cold package. When the college football rivalries you're watching Heat Up. Choose Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 plus eligibility restrictions. Apply void, wear prohibited. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors light. Pick them. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Hank, who's back of the week, My who's back of the week is this league. Mm, Yes. NBA preseason ramping along. I will say I've been, I have been watching, there's a lot episodes, so I'm, I'm not finished with it. But the NBA starting five show on Netflix. That's like their F1, you know, version of their drive to survive. Very, very, who's in it? Very, very good. It's Anthony Edwards, LeBron Jimmy Butler. Tatum. And what's his face from the Kings Do you Fox Saboni. Saboni. And I've had to tell myself this 'cause remind myself it is an uninterrupted production, so it could be very biased, but I do find myself like liking LeBron In What way?


Oh, like, He's funny. He Is a funny guy. Like he's just, it's just the, he's funny. He Yeah. No, He a go funny. He's, he's just a big goof. But again, it's like, this is what they want you to think, but whatever. So excited for NB to come back today. The Knicks played the Timberwolves in MSG right after first time they met since the di Vicenzo trade. Yep. And I don't know, that's why I was checking my phone. I don't know how things went with the post game pressors after, but like, it looked from tweets and stuff and, and the video that were basically lip syncing. So you don't know exactly what was said where Di Vincenzo was basically talking shit back and forth with Tibs as he was shooting a free throw.


Being like, this is what happens when you let me run the team. Or, or When you run the team. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They were just basically just like John in the middle of the game. Yeah. And he did, someone asked, like, they asked him who if he could hit a game winner over one of his former teammates, who would you choose? And he just said, as long as it's in front of Tibs. Oh, That's Not, he said, I can't finish though Tibs. There's like, He also got into it with Jalen Brunson's dad, Rick Brunson who works for the, the Knicks. Did you see that post game? They had to be separated? No. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. This league. Yeah, this league big time. So He said I was talking to Tibs, to Rick Brunson.


Yeah. When he was saying that's what happens when they let you run the show. Yeah. But it feels like maybe he was talking to Rick Brunswick. Yeah. Which is kind of awkward for Jalen. Who was like, wow, alright, go ahead and play it. He says, I can't finish right. Tibs, I can't finish right. Oh, I like that. This league big time. So he says, my relationship with Jalen, that's my brother and my best friend. That's a separate relationship. Weren't people saying that? He was like the, the last of of the friends. Like not as close. No. Don Dante and Jalen Brunson were roommates in college. Dante and Josh Hart didn't like each other.


Got it. Okay. Got it. This league. But Why'd they get rid of Dante? He, I think, I think he didn't like being like looked at as bench the fourth guy. The, yeah. As the fourth guy on. He was gonna probably be off the bench again after being, But I Is he going be, he might be off the bench in Minnesota Too. Yeah, he might be. Yeah. Yeah. Either way. This league good. Who's back? I had it written down. Good Job. Hank Ft. Hockey's back. Yeah, Hockey's back. And the Utah Hockey Club is good. Yeah. And fun. What is it about hockey that makes the the new team so much better? The draft did, I think they changed the expansion draft this year, didn't they? I don't know. I know the Vegas one they did, I always thought was crazy.


Yeah. Or that you can protect like two players basically. Yeah. Yeah. So they got flurry. Yeah. Which is wild. But yeah, it feels like expansion teams in the NHL are just, they don't go through those same growing pains that, that other sports do. But my other, who's back is the US men's national team. 'cause on Saturday night during the college Football Madness, we, we had our debut with our new coach And. we won Doro. What, Who, what did We, Panama, what was the term? It was a friendly it. A friendly, but we won two, two nil. And then we got in Mexico and another friendly, I think on Tuesday night. And, we look good. We, we dominated just in terms of time and possession, everything. They had a couple CounterTack, but overall I think he, he looks like a good coach so far.


And we're not playing our best players against Mexico. I think Pulisic is gonna sit out because he wants to see what the, what the bench looks like and give them more playing time. But, got it. I'm back. I'm back in on us. What do, what do we get if we Win? No, it's a friendly, you get friendship. You win friendship. Why are they doing it during football season? Because they also play sports. It's a different sport, but Like during Saturday football, Oregon, Ohio State. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if the guys that run US soccer are looking At the slate. They should probably figure that Out. They were. Yeah. I would've maybe tuned in if it was like a Wednesday afternoon. I had that on alternate screen. But it was good. It was good. You should be excited if you're an American and you like beating teams and sports that the rest of the world cares about.


Yeah, I do. Yeah. Like when we win the presidential cup in golf or whatever, that we don't give a shit about And. we beat the rest of the world. That feels good. As an American, I Want this guy to be good. My whole take has always been, if this guy, if the US men's national team doesn't get good, are we gonna keep blaming the coach? Are we gonna be like, Hey, maybe we're just not good. No, this is just on us not being good. If, if We don't, okay, If we don't turn, then, then I'm good. And then I'm in, I'm all in on him. I'm still all in on the idea of somehow getting this guy to make messy a, a temporary citizen or get him like a, a passport. Yeah. And then Messi will play for us in the World Cup. Let's do that. Let's do that. If he wants to win another one, he does have a World Cup victory. Ronaldo could never.


Alright. My who's back is Rick Pitino. Yeah, because he went back to Kentucky. They were doing a celebration for the championship team. Obviously Mark Pope is now the, the coach. He was on that team. It was cool. It was cool. I think our guy Matt Jones also got an interview with him. Yep. So like, felt like it was kind of all coming back together. It was nice. I Like that they're just letting Rick kind of help out coaching the Kentucky basketball team. Even though he's the coach of St. John's. I think there were some St. John's fans that were a little upset, but they were, they were getting cued. You getting they were celebrating a championship. Yeah. Hey, hey, St. John's fans. You can sit in the corner of this hotel room and watch Also When coaches Kentucky Also Rick Tino's back because there was a New York Post article that said St.


John's New York's largest Catholic university has canceled Columbus Day. And he just said fake news. Yeah. So I'm just gonna, I'm not gonna read the article. I'm just gonna go with Rick Petino and say fake News. Yeah. We don't need community notes. We got community coach. Fake news. That's fake news. They can't take that away, can they Max? No. Not for Italians. No. That's, are you gonna take tomorrow off? Are can have tomorrow off? No, I'll be here. I, the Italians would want me to be here. Sure. The Italians would want you to work. Yeah. How baggy are we going? I'll, I'll be late. How? Okay. Alright. Yeah. That's what Columbus would want. Enjoy your heritage. Okay. Anything else? Another great week of football.


We're of officially a third of the way through the season, which is nuts. I, I hate it when you start saying That. I'm just saying that it's like crazy that we're a third of the way And. we have, it feels like we're starting to figure some things out. I think we've figured some things out. There's a lot. Listen, we got, we got tears. We got, we know what the tears are. It's exciting. He's the worst. Yeah. We're Isn't that exciting? We're better than alive Hank. It is kind of crazy. I've never, I've never been so alive in my life. It is kind of crazy that I'm excited for you guys. This desk has the best record in, in the podcast. Yeah. You deserve It. We do. What what's your record? Max? Three, three and two. You guys have played another fashion game? Yeah. Four and two. That's four and two. Ken Pom came out today. Oh, was Ken Pom? I love that.


That's, I'm just, I'm just looking At it. How Nova, how's Nova looking Better than people preseason polls are saying Where's Wisconsin ranked? Not good. Probably. Lemme look. I Love when 46. Ah, okay. Nova's 20 got some work to Novas 20. Got some work to do. Are we thinking future on Nova? No. I actually, they're gonna be really bad this year, but maybe that's when they that's maybe that's when they'll be good. Yukon's five. Let, yeah, they're gonna be good again. Alright, let's wrap up. Numbers three 20 Go. Eight. There you go. Memes. We're moving it around. 11 memes. You're gonna get this. No you're not. He's gonna get this Actually today will probably be the day he get it.


He's never gonna get it with three. He's done three for what? Three years straight. You gotta get off 3 21. Pft. What's your number five? Have you ever gotten it? I have not gotten it. Hank, what do you got? 20 for Villanova. 32. 32. Mississippi State, Mississippi State.