
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music. Today is part of my take week 18 in the NFL And we finally have a playoff bracket to talk about. We had a lot of games, a lot of meaningless games. We're gonna talk about all of them. We had Coach Firings. Hank is gonna get a new coach. We had some coach, not firings, coach, not firings. Did some changes at the top of the the draft. We're gonna start with Fastest two minutes. We'll do who's back of the week as well.


It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Have you played pick six from DraftKings yet? What are you waiting for? You better get on it. The playoffs are here and time is running out. As the official daily fantasy sports partner of the NFL DraftKings does fantasy sports like no one else play for better payouts on pick six. It's super easy to get started. Download the DraftKings. Pick six app. Select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat like which QB will throw For more than two tds. Or which running back will rush for less than a hundred yards. Or which linebacker will have more than one sack. It's just that easy. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. And DraftKings making it even sweeter For first timers new pick six customers play $5, get 50 in, pick six credits. Win more cash on pick six. Download the DraftKings. Pick six app use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get 50 and pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 30 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy A my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Win more cash on pick six. Download the DraftKings Pick six app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5. Get $50 in, pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, January 6th, week 18.


What It is the last Week of the regular season Teach May us be the last to wish you a happy 2024 NFL League year. We starred in Pittsburgh where Mike Tomlin thought he had a job for life. After Pat Friar Moth. Bader Ginsburg scored a second half touchdown to bring the Steelers back. Jamar Chase, Ventura, and all righty Higgins. Jim carried the offense on a cold night in the steel city and in an episode of RuPaul's Drag Race, queen had a sack, but it wasn't enough. As Russ Wilson thought, he had unlimited timeouts in the end only to go out as sad as possible.


Bengals 19. Steelers 17. Wha Wha We go down to Tampa, where Mike Evans gate escaped blanket coverage and caught a comet from B to hit his 11th straight season with a thousand yards. Take him a big, a big bite out of Jerry Resons legacy. Clyde, the fresh prince of L Air slapped a rock a few times with 32 yards on eight carries. While Princess Diana Spencer Rattler failed many drives with tunnel vision as he was chased around all day by his coach Darren Paparazzi. As the Saints fall in their finale, the box 27, the Saints don't go Marching 19 up to the Frozen tundra.


It was a tough day for guys who were known for Jordan Love as Matt LaFleur had to put in his backup. Malik Willis and Skip Bayless was named in a lawsuit. 1.5 Milage. Huh? I can't believe you get you got turned down for 1.5 mil. How? Oh, how gross is your dick? Oh, Speaking of the backup, Malik Phyllis had a fat ugly day at the office. Keenan Allen wrench said, watch this six point play psych as he threw a horrendous interception. But the Bears fought hard as Cairo made everyone sphincter tighten up as he lined up for the game. Winning Egypt shot Bears 24 Packers, 22, who's your daddy?


We go down to Dallas, where Marcus the Virgin Mary OTA went untouched for a big run to put the Commanders in scoring possession, making Dan Quinn look like a wise man for arresting Jesus Christ. Trey Lance Bass said, it's gonna be my to win this game, but at the end it was a cowboy saying Bye-bye bye to Mike McCarthy. Zach Burts earning every dollar this year scoring his seven touchdown on the season. And the Commanders are ready for the Playoffs. The playoffs. Playoffs Commanders 23 Cowboys 19. We head to Philadelphia where Max was on the scene. We head to Philadelphia where Ani was saying, Tanner, me, Kiki, do you love me?


Are we thriving now? We told the league you are arriving and they want you, but I need you. You are all QB two. QB two Jahan. GPO was absolutely fucking the Giants D all game as he went on to have his best game of the season. One of the lone bright spots for the Giants had to have been Tyrone Tracy Chapman, who was saying that I could be a fast star, but I need a ticket to get me outta here. Poor guy, Eagle 20, Giants 13, thanks for X. We head to Foxborough where Hank is with us. We head to Foxborough, where Hank is with us. Mitchell Trubisky looking sexy in the red zone after a touchdown passed to Keon.


I'm a Cole man, Do Bazooka Joe Chi Min was the bringer of light rushing for a score and throwing another to keys. Sean Derulo boot Bute. In the third. In the third quarter, James, too many cooks scored a TD and Tyler third Bassman baseman. The third three Joeys slide for a white guy. Field goals gave the pass to lead in the fourth quarter. In the fourth in pick bat win 2316. I I, I got a cold. Boom. You got a cold Teach. Alright, we go to Meadowlands where memes Huge win.


Jeff Brook's, the guy. Huge win in MetLife. Rogers was feeling horny as he hooked up with Tyler Balin for his 500 500th touchdown pass of his career. Ash Kemal Davis had two picks to help set up Alan La Charizard as he burned the Dolphins defense with a fiery 13 yard touchdown. Catch Tyreek. Hank Hill said, Mait Bobby, I'll tell you what I'm outta here As he had Two receptions for 20 yards. Devonte Adam Sandler clicked with Aaron Rogers for one last touchdown, but Fast forwarded a little too much as time ran out on the Jets disaster of a season. Jets 32 Miami, 20 Thanks Beams in Atlanta, where cornerback Michael Jackson took a look at the young Phoenix matchup and said, I gotta get a pick.


Panthers 44 Falcons 38 What? Home spread in Mile High, where Car Son of Sam win looked like he was getting play calls from his dog as both thugs and harmony. Nicks pulled out his doggish ruggish bone in the chief's face as the Bengals prayed. And they pray and they pray, and they prayed and they prayed, pray. And they pray every day, every day, every day. But we'll see them at the crossroads. Crossroads after being bounced from the Playoffs. Marvin, just for Mims saved Broncos from a die job as he played great. Playing the end zone twice on the way to a dominating win the Rocco's 38, the Chiefs zero points, eg zero points Standing on the corner.


Jamis Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fine side to see it is DTR up against Lamar. No more Browns football mercifully. That's a rap. It's Bailey Z. This Cleveland team has been really crappy. The Ravens win the AFC North 35, 10 10.


And that was the Fastest two minutes for week 18, brought to you by our friends at Chevy. It's that time of season. Teams are in the playoff hunt and every game counts. It's actually playoff season. Our AWS know when it counts. You can count on Chevy Silverado, a dependable partner with strength, capability, and true grit. Whether you're looking for a spacial, spacious interior to comfortably get to the game, the functionality of the Multiflex tailgate to get the most outta tailgating or the technology to make driving, towing and parking all easier. Chevy Silverado has got your back. Did you know that Chevy is America's most awarded brand for new vehicle quality over the last three years? According to JD Power, now is the perfect time to get into a Silverado or Silverado hd. Our favorite truck in the official truck, Pardon My Take. Go to chevy.com, check out all the great offers and even build your own Silverado and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details.


Okay, week 18 in the Books boys. And we're gonna do a little different this week. We're gonna break it up in conferences to break down the playoff picture and the games we watched on Sunday. We're gonna start with the AFC. We are set with our AFC playoff schedule. By the way, if at any point during this show, 'cause we're, we're, we're taping it in parts so we can watch the entirety of Sunday Night football. If they release a schedule, please do breaking news because I I know that I, I would, I would say the majority of America, the minute the Playoffs Are Set, spends the next like hour just Googling and typing into what's the app called?


X.com. The everything app. It's all happening on X. They just type in playoff schedule over and over and over again until someone and there wasn't there a guy we found last year that, that like his hobby is to predict it. He predicts like every schedule. Yeah. Yeah. Well on X you are the media and our darling Jake Marsh has released his prediction. So we can just say Jake's predictions right now. We can And then we could, we could ju we could judge them after. Let's judge 'em afterwards. Okay. All right. So, so This is before Sunday Night Football? Yes. We don't know. We don't know yet. He's got four 30 on Prime on Saturday. The Prime game. The Chargers at the Texans. That Is like, that's basically like getting free face.


Yeah. Yeah. You, you, you get a freebie Now. But he took a shot on this by saying that that's gonna be on Prime. Okay. But yeah, no, I think, I think that stuff's locked. I think it might be, I think that's the shit that Jake knows that we don't. Yeah. And we don't know. You think, You think for sure he would not take a gamble on a network like that. Is It gonna be Al Michaels? So we're subjecting Al Michaels to the Houston Texans game. Probably. I took a, I took a guess this morning when I was doing my Fantasy Corner and all the replies were like, dude, technically this game has to be this because the broadcast is like, all right, I'm out, I'm out, I'm out. I don't fair enough. This I, I wanna just say like, I want be able to predict the times and then the matchups, I don't care about Jeff definitely looked All this is definitely, He did his homework. Yeah, no. Does his homework, Jake travel schedules.


Jake Is reminding the teacher to sign homework to everybody else. Well, Lemme throw out a question here. Did Jake do all the travel schedules? 'cause doesn't is Kirk KB Street calling? Oh, I guess that's in Texas. Fucking he did it again. Yep. That's, he's calling. He's Friday night, Ohio State Tech. Texas. You think in Dallas? He's just gonna go right over to Houston for Saturday. You think Jake doesn't know Kirk Street's travel schedule? He's he's probably, he's probably got dog friendly flights. Yeah. That can take him from city to city. Yeah. Okay. 8:00 PM Saturday Commanders at Bucks. Okay. Do you want that? I don't think that's, I think that's where wrong. I I think he's wrong as well there. I don't care anyone, anytime, anywhere, all I love That for you. Yeah. Sunday 1:00 PM Broncos at the bills.


I I think that's the, the second layup on the schedule. I think those, the, the, the first game and that game are almost guaranteed. Yeah. So, I mean, especially the Tex, if you're a Houston Texans fan for the last like 10 years, you can just pencil in what you're gonna be doing at Yeah. Three 30 in the afternoon on that Saturday in, in January. I might, by the way, I think I saw the line open at seven and a half. If it, if it's seven or even six and a half, I might Game of the year. The bills. I, I don't think, I Think the bills are gonna fucking Demolish the Broncos. You don't think so? Hank Hungry Dog. I think the bills are going to fucking demolish. Broncos have been showing some fight.


All right, we'll talk, yeah, we'll talk about it. They're actually the first game. We're gonna talk about Four 30 the afternoon game Packers at the Eagles Packers At the Eagles in Fox. Okay. Okay. 8:00 PM Steelers, Ravens. Yep. That would be awesome. That sounds About right. That'd be Awesome. Hopefully the Ravens just wear their clean black uniforms for that game. Yep. That's what America wants. Yep. And then we've got Monday the loser of the Vikings Lions game at the Rams. Okay. Monday Night Football. Okay. So that, I mean, those are his predictions. We'll get the, the final by the end of the show. But let's get into it. So we're gonna start with the AFC, the entire AFC picture and all the games from the AFC Today we have to set the Stage Chiefs.


The one Seed builds the two Seed Ravens, the three Seed Texans, four Chargers, five, Raven six, or sorry, Steelers six. Broncos seven. And we'll start with the game. That kind of, it, it took all the entry outta Sunday Broncos 38 Chief Zero. I went into this game being like, Hey, maybe Carson Wentz will show us something and keep this, I didn't think, I never thought the Chiefs were gonna win. I thought the Chiefs might cover 11 and a half. He, that was stupid of me. He's bad. Carson Wince made me believe that this might be Patrick Mahomes best season ever. Yeah. That's how, that's how bad the Chiefs look today. Yes. Carson Wentz took the job a little too seriously.


You could see when he was rolling up to the game and he was dressed like he was the magician, opening an act for Month Mumford and Son. Yeah. That this was gonna be a, an all time shitty game from Carson Wind. He, What was he wearing? He had the suspenders. He had the like weird like 1920 style cap on. He had the, the best way to put it. When I saw him, I thought to myself, this looks like your most arrested friend, what he would wear to his wedding to make people think that he had class for four hours. Right, Right. Like I really classed this up. Like, Check this out. I've got leather suspenders on. Oh yeah. I'm looking at him right now. See? Yeah, he, yeah. And he rented a Land R Land Rover to drive around for four hours to be like, damn, I really did eng English.


He basically is like, I'm gonna look like an English countryside man. He's Carson, Carson Wi ruined America's Sunday again. Yeah, He, he, he, he was trying a little too hard. Oh, this is the max, max memes is so good. How many pictures do you think? Actually it was FSU Brando that did it. Shouted. FSU Brando. But yeah, Carson went. He Who's the Sherlock Holmes? He was basically like, I, if I could be the backup for Sherlock Holmes the musical. Yeah, The understudy. Yeah, The understudy. I'll, I'll do that and I'll show up like that. Not exactly exuding con confidence. Carson went, made this game just, it, it was never, I mean it was more Bo Nicks was phenomenal and the Broncos came out and they didn't fuck around.


And I think that they should wear those uniforms all the time. Oh, For sure. Because those are the not fuck around uniforms. But yeah, Carson went, It was Carson to Carson. Carson Wentz to Carson Steele. Yeah. And Carson. Carson To Carson. Their stat line Carson Wentz was 10 for 17 for 98 yards. Carson Steel was eight brushes for 25 yards. Okay. Your Carson Power rankings. Mm. I got Carson Steel one, Johnny Carson two and then Carson Wentz three for how they performed tonight. Okay. Carson Daley. Yeah. I was gonna say Carson Daley. I've, Carson Daley won Carson Steel two Carson went, no, Johnny Carson three.


Yeah. Johnny Carson had a better day. Carson Palmer. Carson Palmer. Palmer. Four. Carson City. Carson City. Five. Hmm. What other Carsons we Got Ben Carson. Ben Carson's six Tomorrow, Monday. Oh, January 6th. That's a, that's a top day for Ben Carson. Yeah. Yeah. Carson Beck. Yeah. Seven. He just, he just went, he just declared for the draft. Yep. That doesn't mean he is gonna get drafted, but he's, he declared for the draft. Yeah. This was a big weekend for Carson. So the I'm at, except for wince. I'm at, I'm at seven. I'm trying to think, are there any others? I guess I'll just then go seven. Carson Wentz, Carson Kelly hit two 40 this year with nine home runs. Okay. Okay. That's pretty good. Yep.


It's pretty good. Okay, so, so put him seven and then eight would be Carson Beck. There's Pro, you know what, put eight Carson, just parentheses, TikTok or you know, there is one. Yeah, probably. I don't fucking know whoever like could be last name or whatever. I don't fucking know. But there's definitely a famous talker named Carson. Carson Winston needs to be, he's relegated to the Carson Championship division. Yeah. So Carson, Carson went, will be number nine. Carson for me. Yep. That feels right. Dead last after the Broncos. Congratulations to the Broncos for making the playoffs. It's actually an awesome story. So they, this is the first time they've been in the playoffs in eight years. They were, this is a franchise that, what, 18 months ago?


Two like, you know, two years, less than two years ago was like, where are we going? Because it was Russell Wilson on a terrible contract. Nathaniel Hackett for 13 games or whatever it was getting fired. They had no way out. And then they get Sean Peyton and it wasn't great last year. But Sean Peyton, I owe you an apology. You're a hell of a coach. Bo Nicks, I owe you an apology. You had an phenomenal rookie season and the Denver Broncos are back in the Playoffs. And you like, if you're a Broncos fan, this has to feel awesome because this is, there are certain teams in these Playoffs and we'll get to it and we'll talk about it all week. Like Lamar, Jackson and the Ravens have the most pressure of any team ever.


Bills and j Josh Allen as well. The Broncos are on Gravy Train. Oh yeah. And I know I, that doesn't mean that they're not gonna try to win, you know, playoff games and get to the Super Bowl. But if you're a Broncos fan, getting to the playoffs in the first year of Bo Nicks and having your franchise turn around, get out from under Russell Wilson, turn around this fast, have the future look this bright, have your defense be phenomenal. Like whatever happens in the playoffs next year in the off season is going to be a great time. Just getting pumped for Broncos football. Yeah. This season is a, a clear win for the Denver Broncos. Clear win. Clear win. You've already won. Yeah. Congratulations. Yeah, but it's gonna be tough going to Buffalo.


I don't envy them for that. But it doesn't matter. Like you are playing with zero pressure in this game. Yeah. So yeah, they shut out The Chiefs Shut 'em out and like Get, Carson went off TV forever. Di didn't even make it like we went into today And we knew all the playoff iterations and obviously we'll get to the Bengals Saturday night game. Like they were still alive and the Jets and Dolphins had implications. I just wanted this game to be like a little bit of drama, but the Broncos were just too good. And it's all credit to Broncos because there is, there is a, a world where the pressure of that game, a win and get in for the Broncos, they have like weird shit happen. And you just knew it was their day on. I think it was the second or third touchdown pass by Bo Nicks where it hit six different hands from the Chiefs.


They got the Chief's magic. Yeah. They got the Chief's magic. That's, that's some shit that would happen to the, the Kansas City Chiefs if Patrick Mahomes threw that pass. But this also is set up The Chiefs, you, you know, they're, they're set up for the playoffs. I know they're gonna have whatever, 25 days off or whatever it might be. If they play on a Saturday or Sunday 24 days off, they'll win their first game in the, in the divisional round. Do you guys all agree? Yes. It will be either the Texans Chargers, Ravens Broncos. If I had to say the only team that I would say that Chargers. The Chargers just because the, it is division and third time. 'cause the Broncos not the Ravens, it stopped To beat a team three times. No, The Ravens, they wouldn't play the Ravens until the AFC championship.


The Broncos obviously in division third time. But this game wasn't the Bron the Chiefs didn't have their starters Play. The the game was over before they even touched down in Denver. Right. Because Kansas City was delayed so much. Yeah. They didn't take off till like what, 7:00 PM last night to get there. Well the game was over when Carson went. His wife put out the, you know, whatever the fuck that was that he was Wearing his, the game was over when he set foot inside Ben's warehouse. Yeah. Yeah. And he was like, you know what, give me ev give me all the accoutrements. You're vest I vest way you look. I want, I want a hat to do it. Chargers C oh oh. You're gonna do that now. Harbaugh Hank you okay. Hank. Hank. I saw you doing trolling Tough to beat the team three times.


Trolling, trolling, trolling. No, I Happens, I I said when they, they won that Thursday night game and I said they they look good. Yeah. Did they? They can make a move, but yeah. Credit to Sean, Peyton and Broncos fans, you should be over the moon because the, like, the future's just so bright and it just has to feel so good knowing that you turned it all around that quickly and eight years. I've said it a million times before, but like the Broncos were one of those franchises that was the gold standard and just, they never really had bad years. And I think they're one of the only teams that hasn't picked number one overall. They, you know, won Super Bowls with John Elway won one with Peyton Manning. We're always like in the mix. So these eight years have been very tough for the Broncos. And now it feels like you're starting a new, opening up a new window of, hey, we're gonna be back to what we were, we're gonna be in the playoff picture year in and year out.


You Got new ownership. Yeah. Turned everything around. Yeah. The Walt the Walmart money. Yeah. That Walmart money. Yeah. I am happy for Broncos fans. This has been big for them. And Bo Nicks, thank God Sean Peyton looked inside his backpack Yes. And was like, what's in, what's in the bag? Yeah. Yeah. No, I, I mean Denver is a football town. They love their fucking Broncos. And if they wear those uniforms every day, like every game, every time I see them in the uniform, it's like, man, I kind of love the Broncos. But those uniforms are so good that all it does is make me mad. They don't wear them every week. Exactly. That's how good they are. And it's just something you gotta wear those High. Yeah. Those are playoff Uniforms. I don't know though, on the road you don't get to decide. The bills will probably wear blue. Right. I would assume the bills will wear blue.


Yeah. So they'll have to wear white. The Broncos will. Yeah. So that sucks. Maybe, maybe just do the powder plate. Maybe only uniforms. I mean the helmets go with the helmets. Yeah. You can go, yeah. The blue helmets. All white jerseys. Yeah. Okay. Next game. Bengals 19. Steelers 17. So this obviously happened Saturday night. The Broncos game made this irrelevant, but for 24 more hours, the Bengals were alive. They are not alive anymore. They did not make it to the playoffs. They ended the season with a win. Kind of hot. But that's gotta be one of the most frustrating seasons for a fan base I can remember in a long time.


And not like frustrating, you know, the Jets or the Bears or the Giants. Like you had Joe Burrow in an all time season, Jamar Chase who got the triple crown and you just, you didn't get a shot at the playoffs. And that's, it's like a a what if in your head? I don't think they would've done a lot of damage. 'cause that defense, even though the defense has been playing better, that what if would drive me insane. No, we can say Right now, Chiefs really dodged the bullet by getting bangles bounced. Yeah. The Bengals that just weren't a very good team. Yeah. They just weren't there. You have to be able to play defense and stop somebody occasionally. How weird does that week one game look now? Yeah. Week one Bengals lose to the Patriots that cost the Patriots the number one pick overall in the draft.


And it also kept the Bengals outta the playoffs. Kept the Bengals outta the playoffs. And the weird part about the Bengals season on Saturday night against the Steelers, it was their defense that saved them because I, you know, that first drive was on easy mode for Joe Burrow and then they didn't score, they didn't get a touchdown again. And Trey Hendrickson was an absolute monster. They came up with stop after stop. He had three and a half sacks. He gets the rec or he gets the season record. So he's, he, he 17 and a half sacks on the season leads the league. I still, every time I watch him, especially in the cold without gloves on, I get very intimidated and yeah. I, I don't know what like to have your defense finally play that type of game.


It's like God damnit everything, just nothing worked at the right time for the Bengals. They just ran outta time on everything. When was the last time a team finished with the, the best passer, most yards, the top receiver and the top sack person and missed the playoffs? I mean, I'm just gonna assume the Chargers Probably Chargers 2011. Yeah. Is there or eight or whatever it was. Yeah. Whatever that year was. Yeah. But it is, it it's got it, it's extra. Like if you're the Bengals, it already was frustrating knowing you needed a lot of help this weekend. But then to have a game like Saturday night where your defense finally like bowed up and made stop after stop and your defenses looked a little bit better down the stretch. Nope. Not gonna Happen.


Not gonna happen. Pickens put up, I think one catch for zero yards in this game Was so bad. Looked Checked out Who not on the same page Who get Yeah. Not on the same page. Turns out who gets the blame for that deep pass that I think Russ missed him on that one. Russ didn't play well either. I think Russ missed him. It was very funny 'cause I was watching, I, I went to Derek Rose night and then I, I came home and I got the last like three minutes of the, the Bengals Steelers game and I was watching in bed and my wife was like, who are you talking about? Who's not on the same page as Russ? And as she said it, it was that pass that would've won them the game. Yep. And I was like, it was that guy. And he laid there and he was so frustrated. And he dropped. He had, yeah, he had one catch for zero yards, six targets.


Yep. I think three drops. I don't know what the Steelers, the Steelers just do the same season every year. And I, it's obviously the reason for it is that since r Asperger, they've been in just complete quarterback purgatory or they've been taking shots at guys, you know, year after year. But they, like, they've lost four in a row. Three outta four of 'em were to legit playoff teams. The fourth being the Bengals. They look like completely lost on offense. They did kind of fix it on defense finally. But I don't, this is what happens every single year that third and one and fourth and one at the end of the first half when they couldn't get a yard. Yep. Like They're just not a threat. Yeah. They're not a threat.


And by, by always being right around 500 but a little bit better than 500, they do miss on the opportunity to get quarterback. So they're probably don't gonna do another bridge quarterback. Yeah. Or Rogers or Yeah, maybe Rogers, Kirk Cousins. I don't know. I don't know who you're gonna bring in, but they're not gonna be in a position to draft one, at least one that's any good. And so it's like that you're going to see the, the exact same Steelers season repeat itself over and over again in the future. Yeah. I I, I saw a meme, it was like two, two hallways. Like Steelers start, well Steelers start poorly and then both of the hallways led to 10 and six Bounce in the first round of the Playoffs. Yeah. And, and that's just what it is every year. But, but the thing is they could beat the Ravens.


The Ravens are obviously a much, much better team right now. And on paper it seems like the Ravens should dog welcome. But They could because of the Tomlins. It's the Tomlin Steelers Ravens thing. Yeah, It is. And they were, if Russ doesn't fumble in that game a couple weeks ago, like going in, they were, they would be up 14 seven. They already beat the Ravens once this year. I don't think they're gonna beat the Ravens. 'cause I just don't know where the offense is gonna come from. But maybe it's one of those weird, Lamar throws a couple picks and you get a fum, a lucky fumble. I I Saw a, a highlight reel Lamar Jackson's interceptions this year. I think he's thrown what, four? Four of them? Four. And I think three of the four were like tipped balls. Yeah. That, that weren't really his fault.


Like either deflected off his, his teammate's hand or something like that. Lamar's just not turning the ball over this year. Yeah. But I, in a weird way, although you'd like to see if you're the Steelers, you would much rather go play against the Chargers or something like that. I guess it wouldn't be the Chargers. Texans. The Texans, you would much rather play against the Texans. But I feel like they have a decent chance against the Ravens. If you're, if you're a Ravens fan, the Steelers are not the team you wanted to see. No. And I I I'm not saying that, that the Steelers are anywhere near as good as the Ravens. The Ravens are far, far better Yeah. Than the Steelers. It's just the familiarity and how these teams always play has to scare you because it's just a, the, you know, single elimination a fluke bounce and the Steelers are, are the best of fluke bounce.


But I just, I I feel bad for Steelers fans. Not in a way that like not when Billy said he felt bad for us. I feel bad in the fact that you can't complain if you're a Steelers fan. 'cause you go to the playoffs routinely and Mike Tomlin never goes under 500. But you can complain because it's so frustrating living in this purgatory. And I understand like as much as I love Mike Tomlin when Steelers fans are like, I'm sick of this. Get me off this ride. I'm starting to realize like yeah, they're actually right to be able to complain here. You're Good adjacent. Yeah. You're, you're good and you're good enough to know how you lack that one thing that will put you into being a very good team. Yeah. They're good-ish. You're good-ish and you're always gonna be good-ish.


Yeah. You're gonna play teams hard, but you're probably not gonna do anything in the playoffs. You're gonna win a couple games you didn't expect to win during the course of the season. You're gonna lose a couple games you didn't expect to lose. And then you're gonna end up with a six or seven Seed and then losing the playoffs. There's only one way to break this. If you're the Steelers and you're getting your bridge quarterback and you want a guy that's going to take chances and if it, it goes well, it's gonna be electric, but completely reset the identity of what your offense has been. And that's James Winston. You get Jamison there. Worst case scenario you finish with a, a bad enough record where maybe you could draft a better quarterback. I Like that. Although I like that idea A lot. If things go right, it's completely different. It is like is the antidote to everything that you've been in the last four seasons?


I like that a lot. Jamis Jamison, Pittsburgh. Jamison Pittsburgh get it done. Do you think the Bengals resigned T Higgins? No. I was leaning no. And it's probably still No, but Joe Burrow as like that was as direct as you can get. Like you don't let that guy out the door. Yeah. And Joe Burrow is your franchise quarterback. And I maybe, I mean you should Maybe I wanna be very clear. Yes. I'm not saying that you shouldn't Will they? I don't think that they will, especially if they, if they do move from Zach Taylor, which is, I guess it's a possibility. I don't Think they will. I mean how much of that of this season can you put on the head coach though?


He would be one of the best coaches to be fired. Yeah. He definitely gets blamed for this season. So it's a pretty big failure. Yeah. Yeah. Given the talent that you have and the expectations, he's gotta get some of it. And listen, we love Joe Burrow friend of the program, but this does feel the famous window speech he gave. Remember when he was like, the window's always open when I'm here. This feels like the a cursed season from that. Yeah. Where it's like, no, because you can have se the window's not always open 'cause it's the NFL and the ball bounces wrong a couple games and you're having a career year and still out of the playoffs. Yeah. Yeah. It's tough off. Should this, this is why we need NFL Bulls. He should.


This is, we need, he shoulda told the burglars that his window's always open. Yeah, That's true. We should have, this is why we need NFL Bulls. I'd watch, I'd watch the Bengals in the Pop-Tarts bowl. Yeah. I mean we just give it to us. Okay, so Bengals. Who, who would you have them play in a bowl? I would have in in a bowl game. Maybe The Falcons. The Falcons would be a good one. Four ERs. Bengal Bengals. Cardinals. What about Bengals? Seahawks? The Pop-Tarts Would be good or that'd be a good game. Bengals, Panthers. Bengals. Panthers would be fun. Little Andy Dalton revenge. Yeah. Yeah. I I I'd watch that bowl game. Give us one bowl game. Do it, you know, I don't know. Thursday night after the first round so that we can, we can still have Thursday night football and have it be for, I don't know, $10 million extra in cap space.


You don't think the Bengals would do that? I don't think they, they would use that cap space. Yeah. They would just like, we're still not resigning tv. Yeah, they'd have it. Can you trade cap space? Because I think the Bengals would do that. Okay. Next game. Chargers 34 Raiders 20. So this was the other consequential game. So the Steelers losing the Chargers. Winning the Chargers. Get the five Seed. They go to Houston on Wild card. Super Wild Card Weekend. This was Chargers finishing 11 and six on the season. Incredible turnaround. Quentin Johnson was insane in this game. I think he finished with 13 catches 186 yards, was making awesome catches. And the Chargers finish the season strong. Feel like Hank they could beat the Texans.


They're favored against the Texans. Like They will beat the Texans And then they'd have to go to to Arrowhead. I would ride them. What's wrong with you right now? I'm sick. You are? Yeah. Can't you Hear? Yeah, I guess I didn't really notice. 'cause you were Is that, is that why you've been a little chippy today? 'cause you, you're on medicine. Are you a little loopy. A little loopy. You have Been a little, have you noticed Hank's been a little, Like Hank was very feisty. Yeah. He's been Sneezing more aggressively than any man has ever sneezed before today. Is That true? Are you being left? Are You being a bitch by left? Sneezing left? I'm no, not sneezing. I mean, I'm not bitching. I just, I like didn't want to be sneezing in front of everyone. Is that a handkerchief? Three hours? It's A towel. Yeah, he's got a towel. She's got a come towel.


Oh, that's Stew's towel It Stew's CU Towel. Yeah, I think the Chargers Yeah. Could make some noise. I think they're officially my make some noise Category. I mean the way Herbert's playing. Yes. Yeah, he's playing really well. Yeah. He is running with a ball. Well I I'm not gonna put anything past Harbaugh. The Har Jim Harbaugh can a hundred percent beat the Texan. Yes. What do we think about what the Raiders are gonna do? Brock Powers by the way, finished over a thousand yards. Phenomenal season. Rookie Record for catch. Hey O'Connell kind of, I kind of think he might be, he might be a bridge quarterback in place. He might be good enough for the Raiders to go into the next season and be like, you know what, let's just run it back and let's have a OC and Gardner min you battle it out.


This bo postseason or this off season. We'll see who's gonna be QB one. Yeah, I Do you think they're gonna fire Antonio Pierce? I think they might because I think, I think Tom Brady, like your good friend Mike Florio was saying is is gonna be leaning a lot more heavily into decision making than is like 1% stake ownership would lead you To believe. Yeah. Is there a chance Mike Variable can coach three different teams at the same time? Yeah, Mike can do it. Yeah. Yeah. He absolutely can do it. But actually can you grab Shane? Shane is our Chargers fan. He said he might go to this game. He said he might go to this game if it's the Saturday afternoon game. And I was like, dude, it's the Saturday afternoon game. Don't worry about it.


346 yards. That's A hall. Oh no. It's in Texas still. Yeah. Hall. But he, he's never been to a Chargers game And he's never been to Texas. Never been to Texas. Never been on an airplane. He's never seen a football game live. Yeah. He's actually never touched a football Houston airport. God help you, God help you. Alright, Shane, what's up Chargers? Talk real quick for the people. Shane is a diehard Chargers fan. He's wearing his char his one of his finest Chargers, Chargers, stretch shirts. I didn't realize you were sick. Changes my whole perspective On today. 'cause it like Do you have a fever? I thought, I thought you were in a good mood today. I didn't realize you were just fucking doped up on NyQuil or Quil or whatever the fuck you're taking.


We're all gonna get sick. What Is that emergency, Shane? How are we feeling about the Chargers? I feel great. Everything that needed to happen happened. Yep. And are you gonna beat the Texans? Yeah. Are you gonna go to the game? I'll try to. What does that mean? I'll see, I mean it's a Saturday. Football game's on. I have to work. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be on Saturday. I hope It's on Saturday. Three 30. Three 30. I'm telling you right now. It's Saturday. They already announced it. Yeah. Basically. No, It's the Texans. It's it's gonna be Saturday Shane. It'll Be a good game. What are we talking about? It's Shane. It's gonna be Saturday. Okay. So are you gonna go? I will, I'll try. I you need to go. Gametime will send you.


Come On. I mean, that'd be awesome. Yeah. First Game. So how, how, what's the vi Like what do you, what are the keys to the, to the playoffs for the Chargers? Well, biggest key was just like five Seed like Ravens. No chance. But I don't know, just gotta not fall apart on offense. Okay. That's good. That's a good key Score points. Okay. Give up little points. Give up little points. Yes. Like field goals, safeties. Yes. Those type of points. Yes. Can I give you some Tips? No touchdowns. You gotta, you gotta run the football and then you gotta stop the run. And we Gotta, we gotta pass the occasionally little Points win. Appropriate. I don't think I've ever heard little points, but I like it. Little points.


Okay. Thank you Shane. Shane, Shane is one of our, our hardworking guys on, on PMT. Also Italian. He had too many Italians here. Way too many. Way too many Italians. Is he Really Italian? Yes. He's Got blonde hair. Yeah, blonde hair. I don't know. Northern Italian. He's got a vowel in his last name, doesn't he? He's, he does a Mario. Everybody Has a vowel in their last name. We need More Italians. No, that's the last thing we need. Yeah. Okay, next up Ravens 35 Browns 10. The Cleveland Browns got the second pick in the draft, which kind of was outta nowhere. Like they were the, the going into the season. I don't think anyone thought they were gonna be a great team, but no one thought they were gonna be the second pick.


And then Deshaun showed up and he was terrible and then Jamis showed up And we were like, oh, they're definitely not gonna be the second pick 'cause he's gonna win a couple games. And then they went to the saddest quarterback duo of all time in Bailey Zappy and DTR that bummed me out watching that game. So they got, they scored 10 points, which is actually an improvement of, of what we've seen from the Browns in the last three weeks. They've now scored 26 points in four games. So is that six and a half points per game? Yes. Under the DTR slash Bailey Zappy two headed monster. Yes. And then Ken Dorsey got fired for not being able to squeeze blood out of a stone. Yep. For not being able to activate DTR appropriately. Yep. But getting fired by the Browns as a coach. That's, that's a prestigious group that you can count yourself among.


Yeah. Right. 'cause didn't Belichick, was he fired? Everyone gets fired By the Browns Saban was probably fired by the Browns. Yeah. When you get fired by the the Browns, they probably give you like a nice Rolex. Yeah. Like thank you for your service. We appreciate it. Hugh Jackson shows up first to those meetings probably. Hey guys. Yeah. Good to see. We're all great coaches here. Hey, What's up? What's up guys? Oh yeah, we're all, we're all awesome. Yeah. Oh yeah. I won one game in two years. But if you talk to Mike Silver, he's he'll tell you I got a raw deal. Yeah. But yeah, the season's over for the Browns. You're probably glad. It's probably a good thing for you guys. The Ravens just looked like they were just, they were gonna continue to be nearly unstoppable. Yeah, it was. It's like on easy mode for Lamar right now. Yeah. Although Za Flowers' getting injured, how injured is he ever seen an update on that?


I know there was an MRI scheduled. I don't know what happened with the MRI but Yes. That is very, very significant. This is A big part. Although Bateman looks pretty good too. Yeah. And Mark Andrews is like fully, fully back because I know there was that stretch of the season. It was like what's up with Mark Andrews? Is Isaiah likely the guy? No, Mark Andrews the guy. Let's see. Can we find anything about Zay flowers? You got look it up Max while we talk about the game. Lamar's probably gonna win the MVP. It's, I don't know. It's close. It's Very close. It's an awesome MVPI thi, I hope it's Josh Lamar. So he's the first player in his, in the NFL history to have 4,000 yards passing and 900 plus Russian yards in the same season.


He's also the first player in history to have over 40 touchdowns with under five interceptions. 41 and four is what he finished with. He was insane all season. I it is one of the coolest MVP races we've had because it's such a good MVP race that the guy who has 2000 yards rushing is like not even talked about. Yeah. So if you're a Ravens fan, are you more confident going to this postseason than you were last year? You have to be because of Derrick Henry. But you don't have home field. You don't have home field. But you have to be because of Derrick Henry and what he did this year. Derrick Henry statistically probably had his best season. I know he had a 2000 yard season, but he had, he carried the ball I think 60 or 70 more times that season.


This he, he turned 31 on Saturday and he had 1,921 yards and 16 touchdowns. It's insane what he did this year. That is crazy. Also to think that Derrick Henry's just 31. Yeah. Because in running back years he might as well be like 60. But he had an incredible season and I think the, the presence of Derrick, you can't refuse to run the ball like they did last year against Chiefs when Derrick Henry's in your backfield. That's just a fact. It's almost it. You put Derrick Henry there so that you have to remind yourself all the time. Oh yeah. Who's that guy who's standing on the sideline, who's a beast that no one can tackle? Oh yeah. We should probably run him. Yeah. That's why you get the biggest guy you can find to be your, your bell cow running back. Right. 'cause you, it's impossible to ignore Derrick Henry.


Right. So yeah, I I think that I I think you feel more confident going in this year. I think you are still though very nervous because this is the most important playoffs in Lamar's career. I think. 'cause he is gonna be coming off what most likely is gonna be three, is it three straight MVPs or two straight and then his third overall. I I think it's two straight and his third overall. His third overall. Yeah. And you have everything. And it might be, I know you'd have Homefield, It might be his best season. Yeah. And he is skinny. Yeah. And you have everything and your de the defense of the Ravens has played a lot better in the, in the, in the back half of the season. I know their secondary was a worry for a while. It's gotten a lot better.


So yeah, I think this is the, I if you had to do the pre, maybe let's do that on Wednesday. Let's do pressure rankings. Which team has the most pressure? I like that. I think, I think it would be the Ravens. I think Lamar Jackson has the most Pressure. I would agree. I think. I think if you don't win it this year in Baltimore, you're like we're never gonna get it done. If You don't at least get to the Super Bowl. Super Bowls can go 50 50. You know it's one game. If they don't get to the super, if they lose to the bills of the Chiefs, there's gonna be a lot of questions. What are you thinking Max? They have such a tough road. I know, but that's, they have to go on the road to team And then on the road to Kansas City. But they're a really good team and the, and last year they obviously had Home Field advantage.


They blew that. They've blown home field advantage a couple times as the one Seed. You don't think that they're number one in pressure rankings. Yeah. Would you say the Eagles have more pressure? I personally think the Eagles have more Pressure. I do not think the Eagles have more pressure. I think the Ravens have the most pressure because Derrick Henry's also not going getting younger. And Lamar again, Lamar is the, is the best player in the NFL right now playing the best football. He's gonna win an MVP most likely. I hope it's Josh. But you got like, you gotta do it. He hasn't been to a Super Bowl. I think it's one two.


Lamar Josh for most pressure in these playoffs, I would say I, I think Josh has more Pressure. Yeah, I was gonna say I think, I think the Bills and the Ravens are just about the exact because it's both, they're both fighting the same battle, which is to finally be able to beat the Chiefs. Yeah. The only reason I would say the bills don't have as much pressure is just because this was supposed to be a mini rebuild year. Yeah. But where you flip the roster, the Ravens have nine pro bowlers. But once you're there though. No, I know. Once you're there And you've had as good a season as the bills have Had. I agree. I think, I think Bills fans are definitely as nervous as they've ever been last Year. They might have had more pressure 'cause that was the end of that, you know, roster and They're Flipped.


I know the Bills are and they're gonna be home in that game and favored. We'll save it for pressure rankings on Wednesday. We'll have a debate. Well maybe we can go to Supreme Debate. I don't know if we wanna go there. We gotta think about it. Depends on how sick Hank Is. Well, I don't know. I would skip Bayless Method Supreme debate. That's why Hank got this job actually. Yeah. Paid him a half million dollars to fuck me. He said no. Oh, by the way, Michael Pierce, that interception was awesome. Yep. But the bus ran outta gas. Yep. I really wish he had tried to give us a little bit more. Why is that? I Just, I he's so big. Him running was so funny. I think he kneeled right away. I think it was perfect though, the way that it, he was just like, fuck this.


Yeah. He was like, I'm, I'm already tired. I've, my plays are usually over after four and a half seconds. Yeah. I can't, you can't expect me to run with this football. Who did the brown steak with the number two pick? Hmm. Maybe Cam Ward. I'll say it. I don't know. I don't know if I would take Shado one or two. I know you're not supposed to say that here, but I'm, I'm gonna say it why I think I would take Cam Ward before I would take Cam Ward. I've had, I have Cam Ward ahead of Shado on Big board. I do, I do too. But I got Travis Hunter number one overall. Yeah. I Also, you're getting two players. I also Think that this is not a good QB draft that maybe you just take a really, there's some really good players in this draft that are just not QBs.


I got Cam Scbu number one overall number two. I've got Tyler Crow. Actually no, I, I don't. I have Hunter is two and then I've got Cam. Ward then Chador. Okay. That's my top four. Nice. So you don't have Ashton Genti? I don't have Ashton Genti on there. Okay. No. Alright, let's take a break with a couple ads and then let's talk about Hank firing his coach.


Before we get to Hank firing his coach, he's brought to you by Gametime. There's college football this week. We got NFL games coming up this weekend. Super Wild Card weekend for the Penn State Game Max on Gametime. What are we looking for in terms of prices to get in? We got a get in price of $220. Not bad for, you know, semis. Semifinal game. Great deal. You know how much we love Gametime now with our brand new Gametime picks feature, they're making it easier than ever to get to a game. Gametime picks filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. If you look at those tickets for Penn State this weekend, you can see them on Gametime Picks and get the best deals. Just pull up the chosen event, turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or you can browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Get those college football playoffs semi-final tickets right now with Gametime Picks. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT and easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? It's Gametime.


These games are also brought to you by our good friends over at Netflix. Netflix has a gripping new limited series coming called American Prime Evil starring Taylor Kitsch and Betty Gilpin. American Prime Evil is about one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of American 1857. As men and women violently clash over land, culture, religion, and community, American Prime Evil is a very violent story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival. As one woman fights to save her son as they try to get through the land. American Prime Evil is brought to you by Pete Berg, Mark L. Smith and Eric Newman. American Prime Evil is only on Netflix, January 9th.


Okay. Oh, before we talk Patriots Bills breaking moves. Breaking moves, how breaking moves. We do have our playoff schedule. So Jake Marsh went four for six. Pretty good. He's beating himself up a little bit, but we were exactly right. Chargers and Texans are gonna kick it off on Saturday at four 30 Eastern. Three 30 Central. So somebody, somebody posted the history of the Texans. Yeah. In this time slot. And 2011, Saturday, three 30, 2012. Saturday, 3 30, 20 15. Saturday, 3 30, 20 16.


Saturday, three 30 2018. Saturday, three 30 2019. Saturday three 30, 2023. Saturday three 30, 2024. Saturday three 30. Have they won like two of those games too? Like I feel like they don't win off and They beat the Bengals in one of them because the Bengals used to be the king of the Saturday three 30. And they passed the Torch. They beat the Raiders in the one that Derek Carr got hurt right before. And who the fuck started that game? It was I think an ex Michigan state. Oh yes. Yeah, it was Was it a Cooper? No, it was a Michigan State quarterback. Fuck. I think Cook. Cook. Yes.


Connor Cook. Connor Cook. But yeah, Shane doesn't know Ball to be like, oh, the schedule's released. Are you sure it's Saturday at three? Yeah, it is. It's the Texans. It was always Saturday. It's The Ts. You know What part of my take is the first report the Houston Texans will play on Wild Card weekend. Yes. In 2026 Saturday, three 30. Yes. So we're, we're starting off with the, the Chargers of the Texans. Then we're doing Steelers at Ravens Saturday night, which I love the, the Broncos at the Bills. The early game on Sunday, which we all said was a guarantee. Those were the two guarantees. The early Texans, early Broncos at Bills.


Then it is Packers at Eagles Max Afternoon spot. Are you feeling okay? You like it? Yeah, it's a good spot. And then PFT you have the night game on Sunday. I was a little surprised for the night game on Sunday. I thought you were gonna get the Monday night game. To be honest, I thought Monday night was a possibility. I thought Saturday night, Sunday, it's like that's the game that they think America wants to watch the most. Yeah, It's NBC. So That's Jayden. Yeah. And then we have the Minnesota Vikings going to the La Rams on Monday night for the Super Wild Card weekend. So we're very excited, very excited. Football. And we have Thursday and Friday football too. Okay. Patriots at Bills, Patriots win.


They blow their shot at the number one pick. It was very clear. We had this debate, I feel like, about the bills, maybe throwing it and you're like, I don't know if they, they will. They did. They did. They Did. They started Josh Allen, Hank, They did start Josh Allen for play. That's 115 straight starts. I think the moment where I was like, yeah, they're not trying to win this game, was when they punted from the Patriots 35 yard line, The miss field goal, to keep it so that if the, it was basically a, a two point game instead a three point game. The miss extra point. Sorry. And then they took out Mitch. Yeah. Yeah. It got Mitch put in Mike White. We had Mike White sighting, Joe Milton, Joe Milton, bazooka Joe came out today.


Joe Milton looked awesome. Joe Pook Can't blame Bazooka Joe. Like he, you get a short chance to play you ball out. Yeah. That's what you do. When he scored that rushing touchdown that he did a, a casual back flip in the end zone afterwards. I man, you, you might have two great quarterbacks. He had a couple, yeah. He had a couple like passes across his body that we're throwing like 150 miles an hour. He's Not a cannon. Yeah. We are still in phase one of the Joe Milton experience. Yeah. He Was playing against backups, but Still. Yeah, but still it's Joe Milton. He can, he can bomb it. So, and then the big story is maybe an hour and a half after the game ended, the Patriots officially fired Gerard Mayo. So he's a one and done coach. Pretty crazy because I, what was it in like September?


Robert Kraft said on a broadcast that he basically picked Gerard Mayo to be the next head coach five years ago. Yeah. I I mean, Hank you wanted this to happen. I feel like this was a smart decision. I do think it was a smart decision. I also think that they wouldn't have done it as quickly as they did if they didn't know that they are getting the coach that they want. Which I believe is Mike Vrabel. Yes. And the fact that Mike Vrabel had just interviewed with the Jets. He was gonna interview with the Bears On Wednesday, I believe on Wednesday. It felt like Robert Kraft was like, I have to make this decision now because Mike's my guy. I guess he also interviewed with the Jets and then shortly after changed his Twitter picture profile picture, which he's not a very active Twitter user to a picture of him when he is playing for the Patriots.


Mike Vrabel did. Yeah. He has a Twitter. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Really? Oh yeah. Oh, I Didn't realize that. Realize that. I think there's a good chance that, that's funny that Mike Vrabel went into the interview and just said, fuck you guys. I'm a patriot. Yeah. And then left. He Just, he actually probably went in there and got a bunch of info on how they run. So he is like, I'm gonna be a division foe in a matter of hours. He could have got their info on how they run with the latest Madden update. Yeah. Or just, or just followed Brick on Instagram. Yeah. So the note that Robert Kraft dropped, it was a, it was a lengthy breakup note that he published for the world. Did you have a chance to read it? I did not. Oh, you didn't? You should Read it. It's like Robert Kraft opened up his diary. The one part that stuck out to me was when he said, is Robert Kraft on x the everything at He has not, but the New England Patriots are, and they released this.


It's Not that lengthy. It's pretty three paragraphs. I mean, come on. It's Too long for you to read. It's 2025. Dude, it's, that's lengthy. Like I am not a reader. And this didn't make, this wasn't like, I'm not reading this shit too long. Well, Well you didn't read it. I'm sick. I was, I didn't even, I didn't see it. He's Sick. Kat. Oh yeah, he's sick. Hank, why don't you read it and then we'll, We'll put it in like 600 speed After the game today. I informed you don't have 2020. Me personally, this is one of the doing things I've ever made. I had known Gerod for 17 years here. Earned my respect and admiration as a rookie in 2008. And throughout his career for his play on the field, his leadership in the locker room and the way he conducted himself in our community. When he joined our coaching staff, his leadership was even more evident as I saw how the players responded to him.


When the other team started requesting to interview him, I feared I would lose him and committed to making him our next head coach. So it basically sounds like that he was just Yes, he hired him. 'cause he was scared. Yeah. The Fact that he included this in the statement Yeah. Was like, That's Tough. I'm trying to escape blame for this. The only reason I hired him was because I thought somebody else would hire him. That was my mistake. Winning our season opener on the road at Cincinnati strengthened my conviction. So he, they Won't game. He like, so that was it. Yeah, We're good. We beat Joe Burrow on the bangs. I did it Dynasty back on. Since buying the team, I've always considered myself and my family as custodians of a public asset. We have That's a big time speed. This will be eight Speed. You got the, you got the gist of it. Yeah. Yeah. So you are gonna get Mike Vrabel.


Yeah. It was basically everyone, every, every fan base that had an opening dreamed of Mike Vrabel. I did that. I know memes did that. If you Have an opening, you want Mike inside that opening. Yeah. Even, even the Raiders did that and they don't even have an opening. And then this happened. It's like, well, there goes that. So Mike Vrabel will be the next coach of the New England Patriots. Should do you wanna report it first per Henry Lockwood? No, I, I'll, I'll let the things play out. I don't wanna, I don't jump the gun it first. All right, that's Fine. Me and Big Cat do it. Yeah. Per, per part. Red. EFT and, and Big Cat. No, per Henry Lockwood. Hank doesn't wanna report it. No, I know, but you can write whatever you want on a That's true report.


So good report. Hank per Henry Lockwood, I don't get why they didn't do this last. Is he Be the next head coach I think of the Patriots. So Patriot it is of, I am of the belief that the answer to that question is Yes. Okay. So per Henry Lockwood. Yeah, that's the put it out per Henry Lockwood, Henry Lockwood's beliefs, Belief system memes is the one. So I, I wanted Mike Vrabel as the coach of the Bears, but I also am in a spot and we'll get to the Bears Packers. I, I've already mentally moved on from Vrabel and Ben Johnson because I, I've heard some things through the grapevine that I, the Bears are gonna end up with like Brian Flores or the DC of the Dolphins, or Maybe the lines Some random college coach that no one's thinking about. And it's like, oh, okay, this is awesome.


So I had already moved on. I had already moved on memes though Memes is a little upset because memes was very confident that he was gonna get Mike Vrabel. And not only was he confident he was gonna get Mike Vrabel, now he has to deal with the fact that Mike Vrabel is gonna be going against him in the AFC East memes. Damn. Nothing. Nothing's confirmed yet. Okay, well, no, Hank did. So you're not in denial. No. Are you denying Hank's belief? No. It sounds like you are though. Oh, I'm denying that nothing is official yet per me. Mike Rebel's interest in the Jets was just a smokescreen to pressure the Patriots to make a move at Head Coach. Ooh. Yep. Makes sense.


For who? Damn you were used damn used and abused. Yeah, You were, you were a rebound. Mike Rebel went on a date with you, took a picture, popped it on Instagram. His ex is like, wait, let's, let's get back together. Go back to that one. Go back to that one was told that Mike vrs dalliance with the Jets who were dalliance was put pressure on the Patriots to make a move with a young, incredibly promising QB who improved every weekend despite very little talent. Did Drake may write this? No, it's DT Quin Obama More cap space than anyone in state. Here. There's No, What is this tweet? Ah, there's no way That was closed to being, it's not a correct pronunciation. I just think of Jake. He says it so confidently. So you're, and did he clean hole back?


So you're Gonna get just Hank just report that Mike Vrabel iss gonna be your next coach so that other teams don't, don't even interview him. No, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna set this franchise back for years by cursing It. Okay. But would you say overall, I mean this, it feels like you've come out of this bad season outside of obviously blowing the number one pick today. Pretty damn good. You got a lot of cap space. You got Drake May and you have Mike Vrabel. There's Also a decent to beyond decent chance that the writing was on the wall in Mayo, like was gunning for everything to win that game. Yeah. In which case, why would you let him coach this game? That doesn't make sense.


It Sold Love Smith. That does not obvious Smith in Texas. I, my gut tells me that the writing was on the wall and like players probably had an idea. He definitely had an idea. But yeah, they should have just done it before the game. The Fact that Shefter said it before the game tells me that somebody, somebody knew. Yeah. Like people had talked about it. And then to let him go out there, coach the game, win the game, cost you the first overall pick and all that, could have gone along with it for a trade. That's kind of a weird decision. But yeah. So it is the first Patriots coach to be fired after his first season since, since Rod Rust, ah, Roddy. Oh, rod Rust in 1990. It Doesn't happen often.


The one and Dones. It's probably, you know, it's probably been what, like 10 of 'em in the last 20 years or so. Yeah. Get rid of a coach one season too early instead of one season. Too late. And it's actually hard to remember him. Steve Wilkes. Oh, what's the guy from the Browns Chad Zinsky? Did he, Did He get one? Nathaniel Hackett, Freddy Kitchens? Was he or did he interim? I think he was interim, Wasn't it Fred? No, Freddy was, Oh yeah, he was, he was a head coach. Shit, we're going head coach. What'd guys do? Two Years of Trustman? Dun Off and Frank Wright. Oh yeah. He had two years with Trustman. Let's See who else? Oh, was there another one in the Cardinals? Shit? The Cardinals?


No, I don't think so. Oh, this is good. The one in Duns. Can we get any more? I don't pay for, I don't pay For this one in Duns was was Macadoo? No, he had to two years, right? Yeah. He had a couple, yeah. Two years. Hmm. If you could have started this season and said that Jeff Saturday, Drake May is gonna play well. Yeah, Jeff Saturday, He was like one weekend in dunk. Yeah. He's gonna be leading all the graphs. He's gonna be the head of the graphs graph talk. The Patriots gonna have the fourth overall pick. And Mike Vrabel is gonna be our coach going in 2025. Like, That's a win of a season. You Could not write up a better season. Hank finish. So, I, I don't, the first pick sucks, but again, you gotta look at the big picture. Yeah. The Patriots finished with the second worst record and they also had probably a very positive season.


Yeah, yeah. At the same time. Yeah. The the, the arrows pointing up for you. That bagels, I feel, I, I wish, I wish I could give that wind to the bagels. Oh, that's huge. So bad. If Cincinnati, Hank can't, but he, he would love to, if he could, he would love to give you that win. Put you in the playoffs. That sucks for Gerard Mayo. But also kind of, not like, in a weird way, it was like, you don't wanna be the guy who follows the guy and now they got the buffer guy. It's kind of what you did with like Cam Newton. Although Mac Jones wasn't the guy after that. But the buffer guy is always a good guy because then he is just like, oh yeah, there was a guy in between. It's, it Is nuts to, I mean, being, being a bad team in the NFL is hard.


And I'm just happy that we're kind of have a, a path outward. Like it's, it's, it's tough to just, you know, lose week after week going to these Games. Go memes talk, turn on your mic. And They're still bad. They are still bad. You still don't have a head coach. But Mike Vrabel could be coaching anybody. There's in Chicago Next week, he's in denial. He could be Denial, he could be in Jacksonville. He's in denial. A lot of places need, It's better to just move on mentally memes. But you would say whoever gets Mike Vrabel, that they're gonna be on, on the right path forward. Right. Depending on the correct roster. Mike Vrabel in Tennessee inherited a good roster. How does the Patriots cap space look like? Ooh, good question. Max 130 million. Mm. How was his free age signings a lot.


How was whose, How was his free age of signings? How was his drafting? Will Compton? I I've Heard of him. That has a lot to do with the GM too. Yeah. That's the GM shot. No, It, Mike Vrabel. Listen, GM coach, you're gonna get Aaron Glen. He did a great job tonight. It'll be fine. Yeah. He's a good guy. Yeah. Rex Ryan. There you go. Rex Ryan, Ron Rivera. Yeah. The names go on. You see memes is, I feel like memes is always one step behind me in the process where it's like, I, I went through this process and I was like, we're not getting Ben Johnson, we're not getting Mike Rebel. You And memes will never be on the same, same thought process ever with your team. Okay. I understand. I'm saying I'm one step ahead of him. No, but But he will never get to your step. Right? Right.


He could never fully, he Will never accept that the Jets suck. Right. And we, Hey, We had this discussion the other night where he was like, you're, the difference between me and you is you were in denial. And I, and, and memes is like, yeah. I was like, dude, you're still in denial. He's like, what? We could have won 11 games. We could Have won 11 games one season away from what? Memes? Success. Okay. All here we go. The one and Dones. We got Rike, we got Oh, lovey Smith was one and done. Yep. Hackett Culley Urban Meyer could not pick Culley out of a lineup. Urban Meyer. Remember his colors? He always had like, unusual collars. Yeah. Max just clicked away from that very helpful graphic we had Up. Yeah. Being one and done. I Was gonna look at David Culley, Freddy like kitchens Chip Kelly, Like all these guys.


You like, do you even say that you used to be a head coach? I obviously some of 'em are different. You know, chip Kelly and Urban Meyer are different. Lovey Smith's different 'cause they coached somewhere else for a very long time. But if you're, if you're Steve Wilkes, if you're David Culley, do you tell, do you say to someone like, yeah, I I was a head coach in the NFL and they're like, wait, what? I, I think that if you're a David Culley or Steve Wilkes and when the time comes and you pass away, it's probably not the first thing that's mentioned about you. No. Like former Texans coach? No. Probably not. No. Okay. Well, you know what memes, since talking about it, I Truthfully forgotten that Chip Kelly was the coach of the 49 ERs. Yeah. Yeah. He didn't go well. No. Well he was what, two years at the Eagles and then 49 ERs?


I I wanna say three years with the, Might've been three years. Yeah. Alright, so memes, since we're talking about it, let's talk about your big win. You had a huge win. Massive Win Jets, 32 Dolphins, 20. Aaron Rogers throws his 500th career. Touchdown throws three touchdowns look good. Ulrich might be having, he might have something cooking memes. We were headed in the right direction. I was kind of freaking out during this game. 'cause I thought we were gonna fall to number nine, but damn, it was a good win. And oh, we just fell. We fell one pick. So it was a good win. It was a good win. Okay. It was a good Win. It wasn't a terrible win. It wasn't as bad as the win could have been. No, I thought, I thought we were falling the nine Aaron, and it would've been the worst.


It would've been a horrible Win. So Aaron Rodgers looked good. Do you think maybe give him an extension? He's gonna be a lame duck quarterback next year. Jets fans probably won't like this. I would, I would do another year. Yeah. You would see there's, see this, the denial part? Well, there's no other options. If you lay out all the options, it's just get a young guy in, let Aaron Rogers teach him. Oh. Because he try go. He's notoriously for good at that. Yeah. But you just try to go for it next year. Okay. Because if you say with Aaron Rogers sat line that he had this season top 15 quarterback that he played this Well, you would think they won more than five games. Top 15 quarterback is, that's quite a line to draw.


Yeah. But do you think he wants to come back to the Jets? No. Did He say Aio told us exactly what was gonna happen? He wants No, he doesn't know. He knows Dick Florio laid it out. He does. Aaron Rogers doesn't want to have to beg to come back. He wants to be told he wants the Jets to break up with him and then he can go somewhere else. But if you get Mike Vrabel or Aaron Glenn in there, true. Mike Vrabel is not gonna coach the Jets. Dude. Anything could happen, but anything could Happen. The big story though, from this game is the Dolphins obviously to it in play. So they, it didn't matter because the Broncos ended up winning so easily and so quickly.


But th they would've, they had a chance to win and get in if the Broncos had lost. And then after the game, Tyreek Hill said that he, I just gotta do what's best for me and my family. If that's here or wherever the case may be, I'm finna open the, that door for myself. I'm opening the door. I'm out, bro. Yep. It was great playing here. But at the end of the day, bro, I gotta do what's best for my career. It's, I'm too much of a competitor to just be out there. Do you think that's best for his considerably large family? For him to just be like, I got, I'm out. I'm gonna leave the state. I'm out. You guys can move with me if you want. It's The first time he hasn't been in the playoffs. So he's, he's dealing with that emotional Right after a game, I am going to make a guess that someone's gonna sit down Tyreek kill and be like, you see all these zeros that they gave you, you should say, with a Dolphins.


He's like, all right, fine. I'm back in. Maybe, maybe. And that's kind of what Mike McDaniel said afterwards was like, he's probably very emotional. Yeah. So I'm not gonna talk to him right now and talk to him in a couple days. But that's as definitive as an answer as I've heard where he is like, I'm out. That is also what I feel like he does that shit all the time. Like, didn't he do, he tweets cryptically about shit like that sometimes where, I don't know. I'm not, I'm not surprised by Tyreek Hill saying that I need to go coach. Yeah. I need to go coach. I think he might've meant like, coach, get me outta here. Yeah. So we'll see how that goes. But the Dolphins are back and, and, and then Steven Ross declared that everyone is safe. Everyone's safe. Stability is important. Stability is important.


I mean, they, they did have, They did a decent second half of the season. I would say if you're the Dolphins, you it, it's probably worth taking one more shot at this iteration. I would also say that you probably want to invest very heavily in a backup quarterback. Yeah. So their plan going into the season was like the Raiders plan going in with their starting quarterback. Yeah. Which is like, you're really gonna do that. We're gonna do Skylar Thompson again. Yeah. We're gonna do Snoop Huntley. That's gonna be your solution. Get a good backup. There's Like, hope that Tua stays healthy. Yeah. They should run it back. I think Mike McDaniel's a very good coach. Yeah. And They just, and they got better in the second half of the season. But it does continue. What happened after that?


That whopping of the Broncos where the Broncos just kept improving and the Dolphins just kept getting worse? Yeah. They kept on getting worse. I'm also, I I'm happy that Broncos are in the playoffs and not the Dolphins. I said this, I know Dolphins fans were upset, but I just didn't really wanna see Tyler Huntley have to go to Buffalo and play a playoff game and they'll say, oh well we only lost by three Skyler Thompson. I, that's, that's fine. I still, I still would prefer that Bo Nicks Yeah. It's probably better for you that you don't have to go through that. Yeah. Like, just move on. Yeah. Okay. Other, last two games in the AFC Texans 23. Titans 14. The Wait, there was, there was one other thing from Aaron Rogers. Oh yeah, yeah. The post game Presser.


They read him a report at the press conference saying that people close to you have said that you're likely to retire after the season. Mm. And his answer was, people said they were close to me. Ooh. Which is a great turnaround on him. Like, nobody's close to me. Yeah. I like that. He's so mysterious. I Do like that. So I guess it's not a no. Yeah. But I don't think there're, yeah, I wouldn't, I I wouldn't, I wouldn't guess. There's more than like No, there's probably no one close to Him. Yeah. Probably no one super close. Well, I watched some of his Netflix. I kind of wanna do an eye. Devante Adams. Devonte Adams maybe, but not really. Yeah, they did walk off the field again together.


That was kind of nice. 'cause they did that last time with the Packers. Who knows? I think he's got one. I think he's got one or two more years left. It would be hilarious if he found a way to get to the Vikings. I don't think, I think that's pretty crowded. But it would be very funny are The Steelers. Steelers Titans would be a bummer. Mm. I could see it though. I don't think so. I think he's got, I think he's gotta go to a team with a really good defense and just be a game manager. Vikings. Nope. Memes gonna say that's the Jets. If we figure Something And we could, we could just load up on defense. He's Gonna say that's the Jets We could just load up on defense. What About the San Francisco 49 ERs?


Mm. It's coming home. We talked to Flory about that. He said memes Won't stop talking about the Jets winning the Super Bowl. Ever. Like the, ever since we got off the Jets, our mics have been muted. And he just keeps saying, because If they, if they, if they load up paid Manning Super Bowl year. What? He had nine touchdowns, 13 interceptions. He had a horrible year and he, he was a game manager and he got him to the Super Bowl. That defense was So You're saying get a bad Quarterback. No, no, no, no. I'm saying if you take Aaron Rogers with his stats right now. Yeah. Top 15. You load up on defense Top 15. You, you have a chance to do it. You know What, where are you getting a young Vaughn Miller? We have Jermaine Johnson coming back. Vaughn Miller was out of this world.


You could draft someone. He was a defensive player of the year. You have a defensive player of the year. You never know Will McDonald, Jermaine Johnson. Okay. I believe if Sauce doesn't hit the links to off season and and that's true Preps. No, he, he bounced back after Arizona. He had, he had a good second half of the year. Okay. Alright. Tight Texans 23. Titans 14. The Titans finished two and 15 against the spread. That is a, that's about as shocking of a status as you can have. Aga has gotta be pissed. Yeah. Got two and 15. Two and 15 against the spread. The Titans also got the number one pick, which that was kind of out of nowhere. Like they, that wasn't a team that was going into season.


You would've said they would be the number one pick and now they have it and they're probably gonna pick a quarterback because they did both today Will Levis and Mason Rudolph. And it didn't, didn't work out. And the Texans did a little warmup. They had CJ Stroud in for one drive, six for six 50 yards. Joe Mixon carried the ball like five times, 30 yards touchdown. Boom. They're ready to go playoffs. Damien Pierce with a huge game today. Yeah. Yeah. So there he had that like, what was it, 80 yard run? Yeah. What he end up with like 170 something yards. Yeah. I I've always liked Damien Pierce, but I I, I understand that he hasn't been to player that a lot of people expect him to be, but I still think he's a nice running back when Nixon's not getting it done.


Yeah. I would like to see them use Pierce a little bit more often. But yeah, it was, this game was not really anything. Nothing really noteworthy. Had Davis Mills landed on his neck. Yeah. That was pretty entertaining. The Titans wore the Oilers jerseys. Those are always awesome. But they shouldn't get to wear 'em. They shouldn't get to wear 'em. And they gotta know at this point, Karma's not on your side when you wear those in Houston. No, no. I think Chef said Brian Callahan is safe, which I'm happy he is. I I don't think he should be a one and done. But yeah, this was just a bad team and a very like to forget for, for the Tennessee Titans, they feel like a little bit of a lost franchise. Yeah. Yeah. Well they have to, they have to figure out quarterback.


Yeah. But they're in a position where they can do that. Yeah. Okay. Last in the AFC Colts 26. Jaguars 23. I'm gonna say it. I think Doug Peterson never lost the locker room. They actually fought pretty hard in this game. He's gonna get fired. It would be funny if they just forgot to fire him because he should have, we all thought he was gonna get fired What, two months ago? Yeah. After their bi week. But I don't think he lost the locker room. I mean, they played an OT game in week 18 where the season's been over for, for months and months and months. He might not have lost the locker room. I bet there was some radical transparency going on in that locker room. Yeah, I bet you Doug Peterson after the buy was like, guys, just so you know, know I'm fired.


Yeah. Okay. I'm not coming back. Just keep trying but keep trying and remember that you might get signed to a better team if you play well on this team. Yeah. Also Brian Thomas Jr. You're awesome. Yeah. He had a Keep doing, you broke The rookie record. 11 games of 75 plus yards. He's awesome. Mack Jones took a hilarious sack, third and sixth in overtime. He took a 16 yard sack where he just was spinning backwards. That was very funny. Also, this might've been it for Joe Flacco. Yeah. This could be. Yeah. He went out with a win. If he did, I think he said he wants to play next year. Good. I watch him play next year too, Joe. He Actually should be the backup in Miami. That's not a bad idea. Yeah. So did you see the fan of the game that they had today?


Yeah. Seth, this is our Colts guy. Yeah. Yeah. S to they Brought him up flow up before the game. I think they played his, his fight song on the jumbotron before the game. Yeah. Great job by Mr. Erse. But then Mr. Erse ruined all that goodwill because after the game put out a statement saying that everybody's safe. Yeah, Everyone's safe. Chris Ballard is getting his job, keeping his job. I thought Shane Psyche would be safe. The Chris Ballard thing is insane. It's He's Rasputin. Yeah. He's got Jim, he's the only guy that filters stuff out that goes to and from Jim. So he knows exactly what to tell Jamer say to make him feel good about everything. He knows the right buttons to press. And then he's got a very safe job because if you can make Jim Mercey love you, or at least think that he can't go on without you Yeah.


Then you're just not gonna go anywhere. Yeah. So I, I would be very frustrated if I was a Colts fan. I feel bad for Colts fans. Chris Ballard is, I dunno, it just feels like a mess. And you're just gonna keep going with the mess because they just are good enough to win seven or eight games. And you can, you can look at it sideways and be like, oh, not too far. Anthony Richard is not the answer. I've been saying that for a very long time. I think most cults fans agree. If Flaco had played every game this season, do you think that they would've had a couple more Wins? No prob probably not. I mean, he went, he went two and four. Yeah. So I don't know if you can say Flaco was the answer. Well, He wasn't the answer, but he, I might have been an improvement over Anthony Richardson, but He wasn't record wise.


Then we could be talking yfs, But he wasn't record wise. Yeah. But there was some game. You remember Anthony Richardson lost some very winnable games For Sure. For sure. But Joe Flacco also that what, a couple game winning drafts lost. Yeah, he did. He had a couple really nice ones. I mean, may, who knows, maybe he'll figure it out. I just, I've never been the biggest fan. I am rooting for him to figure it out a little bit because it does feel like the whole world's coming at him. And that sucks. But some seems like a nice Guy. Seems like a nice guy. And the stories are not great. And I also, I I want to give a little credit to the cults. I don't remember the last time I seen exactly this, but if you look at the box score, Jonathan Taylor was the only one to have a carry for the Colts.


And he had 34 of 'em. I love that. Yeah. That is cool. That's 34 for 177. Not a single carry by anyone else. I love That. Yeah. Well, didn't I thought that F Flaco ran with the ball one Time? It wasn't. I it Was a Penalty probably. Yeah. And I, I think it might have even been a sack 'cause he didn't get there. Okay. But yeah, it, it was just a cool stat to look at the Jonathan Taylor. That's a, that's a real bell cow. Look at that. Look at that. You don't see that very often. That's clean. Yeah. That's as clean as it gets. That's A clean ass box score. Joe flack out threw all the passes. Jonathan Taylor ran all the balls. Man, the cults are a bummer. And the jacks are a bummer too. But the Jacks are gonna get Ben Johnson. I've, I've, I've resigned myself to that. I I think that's, that's exactly what's gonna happen.


So you're gonna get Trevor Lawrence back. What do you mean? Like they're, they're gonna get tr Oh yeah. They're gonna get Trevor Lawrence back and Ben Johnson. They, Ben, they're gonna Johnson get Ben Johnson Johnson. Yeah. Yeah. So good for them. Happy for the Jags. Okay. Should we do NFC before we do that? You got a couple ads And we'll do some NFC talk before we Get to the NFC.


They're brought to you by the farmer's dog, our great friends at the Farmer's dog. They want you to know that this New Year healthy habits don't apply only to humans. Give your dog a fresh start too. The Farmer's dog makes feeding real healthy dog food easy and convenient. Your dog will absolutely love it. Blake is a farmer's dog. Dog. Stella is a farmer's dog. Dog. What makes Farmer's Dog so different is that food from the Farmer's dog is developed by an on staff board certified vets and veterinary nutritionist to be complete and balanced. It's made from human grade real meat and veggies that are gently cooked with the safety and quality standards of human food. The food comes pre-portioned specifically for your dog, which makes it easy to help your dog maintain their ideal weight. The Farmer's dog delivers their freshly made healthy dog food right to your door on a schedule that works for you. It's so easy, it just gets dropped off at your door. You take it out, put it in the freezer, it's already portioned. You open it up, the meal's ready to go. You never have to worry about going to the store, buying dog food, running outta dog food because the farmer's dog takes care of all that. And it's delicious food. Blake absolutely loves the Farmer's dog. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/pmt, get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/pmt.


These games are also brought to you by Kevin's Natural Food. You know that you feel your best when you eat well, but life's hectic and it's hard to find a healthy option. It's quick and easy. That's where Kevin's Natural Foods comes in. They're made with clean quality ingredients. Kevin's heat and serve entrees and new stir fry kits are packed with protein ready to eat in just minutes. No prep, no mess. Kevin's entrees are shockingly delicious, available in a ton of tasty flavors like Korean barbecue, cilantro, lime chicken, and the stir fry kits even include fresh veggies. I had some Thai coconut soup from Kevin's the other day. Mm. Amazing. Mm, amazing soup. It is wonderful. I'm sure that you guys will like it too. Kevin's is made without refined sugar. They're gluten free. Soy-free. Several are dairy-free, making it a great fit for any lifestyle that are also paleo and keto certified. Kickoff 2025 with Kevin's. Make it your healthiest and tastiest year yet. Find Kevin's Natural Foods in the refrigerated section of your local grocer.


Okay. NFC, we have the Lions at number one Seed, the Eagles, two bucks, three Rams, four Vikings, five Commander, six Packers Seven. And we'll start with the Sunday night football game. Lions 31. Vikings nine. That was an absolute ass kicking by the Lions, both defensively. And then in the second half offensively, Jamir Gibbs, especially four touchdowns. He is so goddamn good and the Lions win the NFC North. They, you know, I I don't wanna say deserved, but the Lions were, that was, I mean, after watching that game, they deserved it because they, they throttled the Vikings.


Yeah. The Vikings offense looked abysmal tonight. Yeah. The Vikings tried to do the Dan Campbell thing and they thought, like a lot of us like you, you have to score touchdowns to win this game. Yeah. So they, instead of kicking field goals, I think turned the ball over on Downs twice inside like the five yard line. Yep. It seemed like Kevin O'Connell was thinking to himself, like, in order to beat Dan, I have to become Dan. And they c they, Sam Arnold was bad tonight. He was really bad and he's Usually very good against the blitz, but he was not tonight waster. He was missing Everything. He was terrible against the blitz. Yeah. Overthrowing just didn't see it. Looked like he could not see it. And Alex Ann Malone coming back felt like it was a big boost for the Lion's defense.


Did you see his arm? Yeah. An's arm with all the stitches on it. Crazy. It's absolutely insane. It looks like he turned his forearm into a football. Yeah, it's, it's crazy. And what'd he say? Like, everybody wants to be a dog until you have to do dog shit. Yeah, he did some dog shit tonight. Yeah. That's a hard quote. That is a very hard quote. I'd like to say that at some point in my life. Yeah. But the Lions now have home field advantage and the Vikings have to go on the road to the Rams. I am officially back to worried about my Pinky because the Vikings were not inspiring tonight. Now you could make the argument and I thought about it after, you know, you know, when you're watching a game, you're like, man, I feel stupid for this. The way the Vikings celebrated after winning the Packers game, it did feel like they maybe got a little ahead of themselves.


Like we did it and this game, I mean it wasn't, I know it was close in the first half, but it wasn't close in the fact that the Vikings, they just couldn't make a big play when they needed to at any point. Yeah. The run game was okay. The camp makers had that big run. Yeah. And then what happens? Like they can't score. It's just, it it was time and time again. They weren't able to make a big play. What what They have two times they got, they got four, you know, turnover on Downs within the Lions five yard line. They couldn't make a big play. Yeah. They, they tried to beat 'em in the first half by saying we're gonna have to get six every time we're down here. And then the, the Lions will break off Big plays against you.


Yeah. It's just a matter of when they tried to do the thing in the first half where they're like, okay, Gibbs, we're gonna spell 'em for a little bit with, what was it, Patrick Reynolds Renolds My bad. Yeah. Yeah. Reynolds. And then they thought to themselves, why are we doing this? We don't have to have like a two running back system. Let's just feed Gibbs. Yeah. No, Gibbs was, he had 130 nines yards rushing, 31 yards receiving four touchdowns. He did whatever he wanted whenever he wanted to do it. And I, it's a lot of credit to Aaron Glen future coach for memes. I felt like he had a perfect defensive scheme for Sam Donald. And it just, he was never comfortable and it never felt like the, the Vikings could get any type of momentum.


Like, I, I don't remember we watched that whole game. Do you remember more than, I mean they had that Cam Acres run all the way down. They had a, they had the Jared Goff interception at like the 50 Yard line. They almost had another pick six from Jared. Yeah. But I don't remember any drive where it felt like the Vikings went down the field and it was like play after play. They were, they were hitting it and, and found a rhythm. Yeah. They had no rhythm. Their Their rhythm was like occasional passes to Nailer. Yeah. And besides that, they weren't really doing a whole lot. Are you, now that the Lions have Home Field Advantage Max, were you kind of hoping for the Vikings to be the one with the home field advantage? Yes. Okay. For sure. So how does this, how does this change your perspective?


Perspective? The vi the Lions also, they, they really turned it on in the second half, but in the first half. Oh yeah. They looked very beatable. But their defense was always there. Their defense played their, that was the best defensive performance the Lions have had, had a long Time. I mean, Aaron Donald had three wi how many times? Aaron, Aaron, Donald, Sam Donald had, how many times did he just miss a wide open guy in the end zone? But he, it was part of the pressure. Like he was so, But Sam darn, like I know Sam darn sucked. But it's still like you, I'm giving credit to Lions and the fact that they have had some really bad defensive performances in the last month and they've been very injured. This was a very good defensive performance by the Lions.


Would you not agree they had him just completely flustered? What did he end up 18 for? 41. Do you think Sam Donald cost himself some money tonight? He might have, but at the same time it's like one game. Well It's, it's basically it's An important game. I Don't think he costs himself money tonight, but it could be if he has a bad game next Monday. Yeah. Because then it's like, 'cause this was a playoff. It made you think a little bit. Yeah. It made you think, oh shit, that wasn't good. Yeah. I Don't think that we can look at this and be like, Sam Donald is back into a pumpkin. No, But if Monday night, if, if let's just say Vikings fans probably aren't feeling super easy right now. No. I mean they lost to the Rams. I know. I'm saying they don't, they don't feel easy right now.


Yeah. They went to sleep not feeling easy. And I'm telling you, Vikings kicker his face negative confidence. I know he kicked it Alabama, but it's just negative confidence. He had, he did kick a couple in the first half. He kicked a couple and then at the end of the half he kicked it outta bounds with 20 seconds left. The Lions were able to get three points out of it. Yeah. And then he missed a 52 yarder later on in the game and Missed it badly. Too badly. And then you could tell he was thinking about it. Right. And you could also tell, he was like, damn, this is late for a school night. Yeah. I need to get home. He is face balled. He, you've gotta have a kicker that has at least the ability to grow a beard. Yeah. So yeah. This it, it looked like Aaron Glynn had the answers like written down before the game even started.


Right. Like it was never even an option that was gonna be closed. That Shot of him sitting on the sideline. Yeah. He He sat down in the fourth quarter. He was just hanging out. Yeah. He's like, this is so easy. He's like, we got this. I got Sam Donald in my back pocket. 'cause I feel like even though Sam is good, typically against the blitz, not all blitzes are created equal. Yeah. So what is it saying for Terry Arnold's Possible fibula, Possible fibula, external rotation of ankle worry for high ankle sprain, but officially a foot. Well he does have a foot that is officially a foot, but they also have the buy now and their second round matchup. How would you feel about going to the lines? Anybody, anytime, anywhere.


I Like that. Yeah. That's smart. That's smart. And it could be the Vikings going back to the Lions. That is true. Very true. I mean, if, if everyone holds serve except for the Vikings or the Rams. That's what Dan Campbell said to O'Connell after the game. What'd he say? He said see in two weeks. Oh wow. Little NFC North Pride. That's disrespectful. That's good for you Max. That means the Eagles won. Yeah, I would, I would take that Win. Dan Campbell said you were gonna win. Dan Campbell's a winner. What a season for the Lions 15 and two. Do You think that he was gonna go for that? No, I don't. I actually don't.


Dan Campbell's crazy. So what Max is asking is there was a moment in the game in the, with about six minutes left and the Lions were up 15 points and it was fourth and two from the six yard line ish. The Viking six yard line. The Lions got to the line of scrimmage like they were going for it got a Vikings to go off sides. I actually think he was gonna kick the field goal there. Yeah. He he was not gonna go for it. The whole thing. You don't know that? No. He Was just, I know, I don't know that. You don't know that. I I didn't say I know it. No. P-F-T-P-F-T said it. I know it. No you don't. I know they, they were not gonna go for it. They changed their entire cadence. Did you hear the broadcast? Yeah, But they could've, they changed their entire cadence called the time out and then gone for it. True. Dan Campbell has definitely done that before.


No, 'cause it was, it would've been to make it an 18 point Lead Max. We're gonna go for it. Obviously Dan Campbell does dumb shit all the time like that. No, no. He does winning shit. He's a winner. He's 15 and two Max. He as you want a Super Bowl? No, He he does winning shit though. Does he have, does he have the highest winning percentage in the NFL He this year? Who in? Yeah. Out of current active NFL head coaches this Season. Yeah. Did you Just learn a new stat? No, I've, I I've already said I said this last week. Okay. So if you wanna talk about regular season winning Nick cii is a winner. Yeah. But, so Yeah. But Dan Campbell's a good regular season winner. So is Nick Cii. Let's see what happens in the Playoffs. But Dan Campbell also took, took over a dumpster fire of a team.


Nick Cii took over a team that had won a Super Bowl two years before. Yeah. And then they, they were coming off a dumpster fire every year that led to understand firing of Ag goats. Understand. But you're talking about the, which roster was Detroit? Detroit Lions. I mean, Dan Campbell went three and 13 his first year on a terrible team that has rebuilt everything. Dan Campbell's a better winner. Three. You can't say that a guy's a bonafide winner until he wins a Super Bowl. It's that How many times are we gonna say it? We say it about every other guy in every other sport. Win a Super Bowl then you're a winner. Okay. He's a Winner. Win a Super Bowl then. You're a winner. You got the Hank What are your thought thoughts about regular season wins? You got the One Seed don't Mean shit. Okay, thank You. All Right. Win a Super Bowl and then you're a winner. So there's like barely any winners.


Bill Belichick winner. Sean McVay, Sean McVay winner. Okay. Mike Tomlin winner. Mike McCarthy. Mike Tomlin is, is there an expiration on that? No winner. Okay. 'cause it does feel like there could be an expiration on like Kevin Reed winner. Kevin Ali winner. Yeah. Like those are, but like you, you, you can't just say someone's a good coach 'cause they're a winner. Doug Peterson and they, and they've never won his trainer. Why? Do you remember how this debate started? Max is getting overly emotional because he's afraid of the lion. Okay. And so he is trying to No, no, no. It just said Dan Campbell does the same shit as Nick Ciani, but for some reason, No. For some Reason Dan Campbell wrong. People Think that it's fine wrong that it's because he's a winner. Because he wins in regular Team. No, Dan Campbell does it consistently.


And he has like, he, he So does Nick Ciani Crying. You, you know that Nick Siri chooses when, when and when not to do it. He does stuff sometimes where he kind of loses his mind. So does Dan Campbell, You know, but it's always consistent. I've, I had made this argument a million times. Dan Campbell is crazy but He's then he should have gone then. You think that he should have gone for it? To me, No. He was, no, because That's the, that if you're saying that, that's what you're saying. No, no, because it actually made sense to kick it there to go up three scores. But he Does shit that doesn't make sense all the time. When has he done that? La I, I can't remember the exact play. He literally two Weeks ago. Where is up going up, up up three scores he might have. I don't know. Do you have a time? No, but there wa there was something in that in that. I think it, what what was it?


The Bills game in the late, in the fourth quarter where we were like, what the fuck he fuck. Wait, the Yeah, he kicked the, the the No he went onside kick. That was stupid. No, that wasn't it. Are you Talking about against the Cowboys? No, it was the, it was a Sunday. It was a Sunday night game. Are you fine? Night? Do little homework can come back to us. Okay. Max, why are you so upset that we're lavishing praise on Dan Campbell for getting the I'm Detroit Lions. I'm Not everyone's an enemy right now. It's playoffs. Correct. Everyone's an enemy. Okay. Yeah. Everyone's, Everyone's an enemy. It's playoffs. Except actually there's only one team That's not an enemy for you. The Commanders, Well they could be if they make it to the Yeah, But you Right there. You're just assuming that they're not gonna make the Champion.


No, no, no. I'm saying that at least for a few weeks. You don't have to like the Commanders and you guys can't play each other for at least Two weeks. No, everyone's an enemy but They, you can't play each other for two Weeks. You know, he's not an enemy. Bears, you know, he's not an enemy. Jets, you know, it's not enemy Patriots. Those who aren't enemies, Commanders, Enemy. You know what? Fine. Fuck it. I'm not gonna give you the blueprint on how to beat the Packers Fair. You shouldn't have done that. I could have told you all the secrets. 'cause that's all I do is beat the Packers. Alright, that was good. Talk about the Lions. We Were talking about the Lions. Yeah. So the lion, we talk about Dave Cameron, we said a lot of nice things about the Lions until Max had to just poop all over you.


So if you're a Lions back, he's In playoff mode. I love it. Let the fucking Detroit Lions fans enjoy a one Seed Max. They're 15 and two, All I was doing was just asking the question of whether he was gonna go for it. And then this conversation Spiral. I do not think spiral. He was going to go for it. I do not think he was gonna go for It. Yeah. Ovi also, this is just a hypothetical that has no answer. So that was a stupid thing You bring up. Yeah. You in the first place. You're saying if if it hadn't worked, which would you have to Max? You have to be consistent. Right. We've talked about this. If you're gonna criticize him, you have to compliment him for going with it and having a plan where it worked. It ended up him. That did work. Yeah. Yeah, It did work. That did work. And listen, if the Lions defense can play like that and Vikings offense is good.


If the Lions defense can play like that, they are, that was the perfect, if you asked the Lions fan before the game, that was the perfect way for that night to end win the NFC North and do it with your defense looking good. You didn't wanna win a game, another game where it was 45, 42 and you're like going into the playoffs being like, look at what happened against the bills. Look at what happened with the Niners game with like a bunch of backups and they were just going up and down the field. That was, that felt good. And they didn't do it with huge chunk plays either. Yeah, they did. Just by grinding 'em down. Yeah. Yeah. So credit to Lions. One Seed deserved 15 wins sucks for the Vikings winning 14 games and having to go on the road.


But that's just how good the NFC North was this year. Yeah. So they're gonna go to Los Angeles on Monday night. And I'm worried it's, I'm a little bit worried too. This, this Is Sam darn face mask game. We can, we can talk about the Rams when we talk about the Rams. Yeah. But that's another thing. Yeah. I I, I'm worried. I'm just worried. Okay, so the other, the other thing we had to decide in besides seeding in the NFC today was the bucks, bucks, 27 Saints, 19 bucks. Win the NFC South Bucks, get the three Seed gonna take on your commander's PFT. This was a weird game because the bucks for the first two and a half quarters looked like they thought they could just show up and win this game without even trying.


They looked like garbage to start the game. Yeah. It was very Sloppy. And then Baker Mayfield had back to back drives that ended the game essentially where they went 12 plays, 82 yards, 12 plays, 94 yards. Touchdown. Touchdown. They let, they let, I guess they, the bucks were correcting the strategy of like, Hey, Spencer Rattle Rattler can't play four quarters where he is. Good. And that was correct, but the bucks looked slow, finished strong. And then we had Mike Evans get his thousandth yard, which now makes him tied for Jerry Rice. 11 seasons, thousand yards. Pretty awesome accomplishment. He's in hall of fame, wide receiver.


Very, very cool. The last Play of the game though, where they hit Mike Evans on that. You like that? I do. I I didn't like it. $3 million. I Like it. Yeah, it's okay. I get that. Yeah, I get that part of it. Yeah. But also what I don't like is it, it looked like the guy on the Saints that was matched up against him was like, yeah, just run your five yard out. I'm gonna turn around and go downfield. Like you're running a deep route and then we'll all turn around and tackle you. If this was Mike Evans, two things. One, if it was Mike Evans, second year in the league, third year in the league, he'd be like, that's bullshit. He's been in the league for over a decade. He's a veteran. Seems like an awesome dude. I'm okay with it for five yards. And the second thing, the more important thing, I'm okay with it because he missed what, four or five games for injury?


Yeah. If he had played all 17 games and they needed that shit to get him a thousand yards, he'd be like, oh, come on, dude. But how many, how many games did he end up missing or, or not played? Because that, like, he would've gotten a thousand yards if he didn't get injured. Yeah. I know injuries are part of the game, but that does change it a little bit in my head. And he was only what, like five yards away from That time? He's five yards away. It wasn't like, you know, he needed a hundred yards. Maybe I'm old school, Big Cat. I don't like the idea of a guy letting you have yards Five. You gotta fight for every yard of this league. So he played 13 games. 'cause he got injured in one of 'em. I believe so. So yeah, he, I mean, he missed four games. He would've had it easily if he hadn't gotten injured.


I'm, I'm okay with it. I don't know. I like, it's 3 million bucks, dude. Yeah. I'm happy for him to make the money. I, I'm curious to know what Jerry Rice's thoughts are. I don't know. Mark Gas know. We'd have to ask Jerry, Jerry Rice. Yeah. And watch those yards back. Yeah. Yeah. I I, I had no problem with it. I mean, the, the only argument I would, I would consider is like, it technically is a very dumb thing because what if tragedy happens and, and you throw a pick and your playoffs are on the line. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like, it could have cost him the Game. That part makes sense. But I Just, yeah. I would've liked it a lot more if the Saints had at least pretended to play defense on it. Yeah. Then a little, then a little something, something. Otherwise It just looked like a scripted play. Were you looking at me like that for Max?


Nothing Continue. You found Something? Yeah, I found exactly what I was, what I was talking about. Okay. So go ahead. Against the, against the Packers. Okay. On Green. Wait. Oh. Oh no, I'm cutting this. No, you can't cut it. Do not cut this. Do not cut this. No. What I, what I really was gonna say was in that same gain, it didn't work out. There were up three points At the beginning. At the beginning, or the very end of the third quarter. Went forward and fourth down and they were on their own 30. Didn't get it. Gave up a touchdown, gave up the lead, but the Lions came back and won. Okay. But that Has, that's Also like three, three point lead, which is Not their own 30, but, But that's Not, there's another, The same's not the same as being, we're 15 and kicking a field goal to make it 18 points.


Good segment. Oh man. Well That's why, that's what I came back. I Didn't That's what you came, I didn't wanna talk about this. You said you looked at me and I, and I, then I went, I thought exactly what I was talking about. Good work Max. I'm cutting all of those. No, you're not. I am. No You're not. Yes I am. You can't do anything about It. There's nothing I can do about it. And I wouldn't know if you cut it or didn't, so That sucks. Other two. Jalen McMillan is awesome. Yeah, he's very good. He's really good. And I still love Bucky. Yeah. Bucky's awesome. Don't you? You gotta get in war mode. Don't compliment them too much. Compliment Him. I'll compliment him. You don't. Great player. Don't Just a rookie though. The, they brought the duck back. Did you see that play game?


I did See that Duck was there. You gotta, I gotta get rid. You might have to go down and kill that duck. I think we gotta assign Carson wins to be the backup. Yes. Go down there and execute that fucking duck. Yes. What, what the hell do the Saints do? Ha have the Saints. Who's gonna, who's gonna take the Saints head coaching Job? I don't know. I don't know who's gonna get the Saints job. It could be, it could be a real wild card of a hire. I feel like there has been, every open job has had someone name attached except for the Saints. They're Just gonna get whoever's left. I'm thinking, I'm thinking it's gonna be somebody very boring. Drew Brees Give it a shot. Yeah, why not? Yeah. And he's Boring. What about Coach O? Coach Ho Get Coach O on the Saints.


So sick. I mean the, okay, here's what I'll say about the Buccaneers. Congrats to them was this five straight playoff appearances. Bit of an NFC South merchant. Those, those buccaneers, If you ask Stephen Shade, they're one of the most dominant teams of the first half of this decade. The NFC South has been so fucking bad outside of the Tom Brady years. Great For the Bucks. Good job. You won a Super Bowl with Tom Brady at the end of his career. That's awesome for you. The NFC South has been so bad. Year in year out Panthers. What about him? Cam Newton? No, he's talking about the last five hours. Yeah. Last, Last five years. A bit of an NFC South merchant if we're being honest. Yeah. Even Tom Brady's last year. What did they finish? Nine and eight. And then they did beat us in the playoffs second. No, no, that was year.


They lost The Cowboy Cowboy Boys on Monday. Football. Yeah. Yeah. 2020. But I do like Baker. I'm gonna have to turn on Baker this week. He's such a dog. He ends the season with 4,499 yards. Four four total touchdowns. 71.4% completion percentage. He's awesome. And he did the thing today where he ran over a guy and then stepped over him and, and basically started an entire fight between both teams while walking away. Yeah. He was Like, keep, keep talking about me while I'm gone. Yeah. He was the Joker meme with the, with walking Away from the Children's hospital. Yeah. It was the hospital blowing up. Yeah. He was like, this is what I just started. Yeah. Baker scares me a little bit. I'll be honest. Also. Ja, Jay McMillan also should probably put his guns away for the Playoffs. Yeah. So that was an interesting moment because he did the, the first down sign.


Yeah. But they thought he had like trigger fingers or at least a handgun as one of his hands. But he actually had his fingers taped together from an injury. Yes. Then he goes up to the ref and shows him it's not a gun. My fingers were just taped together. Yeah. Is that an excuse? No. 'cause they kept the penalty. Yeah. It's not an excuse. Yeah. Also, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers would never allow guns in their stadium. No. Besides the giant cannons. Absolutely not. Alright, so you, are you worried? Are you ready? You wanted the bucks? No, you said you wanted the box. I wanted Anybo. I really wanted the Eagles. I'm bummed out that we're not gonna get the Eagles. I wanted that the Rams concern me because Sean McVay concerns me. The Bucks also. I mean, we saw it in that game against the Cowboys on Sunday night football. Like they don't, I feel like they don't rush the passer great.


So that should give Jayden a lot of Time. They're good at stopping the run though. They Are good at stopping the run, which Is the problem. Todd Bull's kind of a bird brain when it comes to making decisions about things. That was One, one play that sticks in my mind from this game today was Clyde Edwards Aire got a little bit of daylight and he ran into Vita Vey and Vita Vey didn't even tackle him. He just stood with his belly out. Yeah. And he literally ran into him and fell backwards. Yeah. Vita Vey does concern me a lot. Yeah. He's a monster. Another guy doesn't wear gloves. Yeah. Scary. So, I mean, you guys could win this game. It's three point spread. Have three point spread. Also, Mike Evan's, great player. Very happy that he got a thousand yards. That was very nice to see.


I was cheering super hard for that. Marshawn Latimore kind of has a history of locking down Mm. And getting him kicked outta games. Mm. They like, forgot about that. They like to fight. They like to fight a lot. I think the stats are that historically Marshawn Latimore limits him to like three catches per game and something like 47 yards per game. So that's, that's good If Latimore plays Okay. Keys to the victory. Keys to the victory Latimore plays Bring not gonna play. He went with the shotgun. Well, he is, he didn't play today. Okay. But I mean, you guys sat Jayden half the game. He's a buck specialist. Yeah. He'll be back. Okay, next up Pa in the NFC South.


So the Bucks looked like they were gonna maybe blow this, but it turns out the Falcons were gonna blow it on their own. Anyway, Panthers 44 Falcons 38. Bryce Young was incredible. Five to five total touchdowns. 250 yards. Did you see he did the Steph Curry lookaway? Yeah. So he threw a touchdown pass and before the pass was even caught, he turned around and started celebrating. I like that. We've reached a point in the Bryce Young Reclamation where he's, he's like stunting on people now. Yeah. Like what a, what a turnaround. That's been literally in this game. Yeah. He, he had, so since he got benched when he came back, he's had 20 total touchdowns. Six interceptions, 2000 and a hundred yards and 61% completion percentage.


And Dave Canals said after the game, we've got our guy and I'm happy for Bryce Young, I'm happy for the Panthers that this season was going in such a bad direction. And Dave, Dave Canals coach of the year should probably get some credit. Yeah. So is, is O'Connell still your coach of the year? Not after tonight. I think it's Dave Canals. What about Dan Campbell? It might be Jeff Ulrich. Mine might be Dan Campbell. Mine. Mine might be Jeff Ulrich. I just love how consistent he is. Yeah. He's A winner. Dan. Dan Campbell's a winner. Winner. But yeah, the Panthers arrows pointing up. And the Falcons, I don't fucking know where they're or arrows pointing. 'cause I, they're just the Falcons. Yeah. But I feel like Pennix is the guy.


You, you're ready to say it already? I think he's the Guy I'm ready to say right now. I think he's the guy. Okay. Yeah. I, I don't know. I I, I need to see more. I'm just, they're just the Falcons. Drake, London is the guy. How do you not, you need to win this game. You, they lose the two games in ridiculous fashion. The last two weeks. They fought all the way back into the Division. I, they're just the Falcons. They're the Falcons. They're just the most frustrating organization to look at from afar. Yeah. But I, I think they're overall this season it turned around a little bit. You got more exciting. You got a better glimpse of the future. You saw that Kirk Cousins is not the guy and you, but that's, you can move forward.


But that's, even the Falcons, the fact that they did Kirk Cousins signing and Michael Pennix drafting, we said at the time was made no sense. It looks even dumber now because you could maybe, if Kirk Cousins plays two years and brings Michael Pennix along and you get to the playoffs with Kirk Cousins, you can tell yourself, Hey, that was actually good in the long run. None of that happened. And you just wasted all that money and, and took a p and took Michael Pennix, who I'm, I'm not ready to say he's the guy. I just, they're, they're just the most frustrating organization. So Do you think that it's gonna be any sort of possibility that Kirk Cousins plays next year for the Falcons? No.


I mean, why would you, If you're Kirk Cousins or if you're the Falcons. If you're the Falcons, the only explanation would be that the Achilles is like a two year recovery. But Why would you, why would you? Like he probably wants to start, there's no reason to start him. You drafted Michael Pennix. You already went to him. He's the, he is your guy now. 'cause weird stuff happens. I mean the Falcons are a weird organization. They are very much a weird organization. But that would be insane if they were like, Hey Michael Pennix, you're not our starter next year Open, open competition training camp. That would be nuts. It would be crazy. No, I think, I think they'll, they'll probably try to unload 'em somewhere. Trade 'em. I don't know where. Maybe he's the Raiders. I guess the reason why I still kind of like the Falcons is because they've got good, good, very good players on offense.


Yeah. They draft Picks. John Robinson awesome. Drake. London's awesome. Drake London. Awesome. Michael Pennix summer saying he looks like the guy Kyle Pitts, whatever. Yeah, He's there. Yeah. Good offensive line. Yeah. But no, I, I just, the Falcons Arrows pointed. I don't know because of the Falcons is what I'm trying to say. Yeah. Okay. Commanders 23 Cowboys 19. Marcus Mariota played the second half of this game. Won this game with no time left, basically. That had to feel good. Yeah, it was great. Terry McCluren set the commander's record the franchise record for most touchdowns in the year with that last touchdown catch. I'm just very happy for Terry.


And this season has just been like 12 wins is unreal. Yeah. Never in a million years did I think 12 wins. And I was looking at the roster and how far this team has turned around in a very, very short amount of time. Which is why anytime a coach tells you four years for rebuild, they're full of shit. Yeah. Don't listen to that coach. We have 13 total pro bowlers this year. Hmm. So that obviously includes the selections and then the alternates after that, outta those 13. How many of those guys do you think were brought in under the Ron Rivera era? One Zero? Oh, none of them. 10 of them are brand new this year. First year with the team. Wait, who brought in Terry? Terry?


I believe that was Jay Gruden. Okay. I think he drafted Terry. Okay. So yeah, the turnaround has been just unreal. And I feel like this has been a dream season. I hope that Jayden's okay. They said that he had leg soreness after the game. Oh. I thought he was just being, I thought he was just sitting him because like, this is kind of crazy. He was getting hit like a decent amount that's, he didn't look super sharp Start. That's what concerns me is the first half our offensive line wasn't great. The center or backup center wasn't really able to handle Michael Parkins when, or Michael Parsons, when they hired, they lined him up right over top of him. Jayden got killed a little bit. His leg was sore. He said he would've played if it meant something. Okay. That that's good. But it kind did mean something. Yeah. And then he didn't play.


And then Marcus looked pretty Good. Are you bummed that you don't get to play the Eagles? I'm so bummed. I wanted the Eagles, but it's anyone, anytime, anywhere. That's what I say. Eagles, Were you rooting for the Bears against the Packers or No, For the, I was rooting for my friend Big Cat. Yeah. He was being a good friend. I was being support friend. Dunno, you should try it sometime. Simultaneous wins was great. Yeah. Yeah. It was like within five seconds of each other. Yeah. We had, oh we did. We even mention we had the Pt. Oh yeah. We all won a game today. That's pretty insane. I don't think that's ever happened. Yeah, that's awesome. Some eight Of you all looked it up and said it was the first time since 2017. Wow. And, and, but that would've been just three. I don't know. That's 2017. I didn't, I didn't do too much research. Someone just said 21 7. I mean, getting five teams next year, we gotta do that every single week.


We gotta do the Parlay money line. Parlay on em. That's cra Oh my God. I'd lose so much money. But it Would've won a lot today. Would It have Yeah. Bears were 10 point underdogs. Yeah. True. True, True, true. And Max, I, I'll honestly answer your question. I was rooting for the Bears. I was, I was doing it to support Big Cat and also because Thank you. Theoretically. Right, right, right. Theoretically the Commanders could host the NFC Championship game. Now, in theory, And I actually you missed this part Max, but PFT whispered to me at one point, he is like, Hey, I want the Bears to win this game so that you can share all the secrets with Max on how to beat the Packers. Yeah. He Said that. Oh shit. And now you said you won't do that anymore. Yep.


Yeah. So now, sorry. You lose, you, you should try out being a good friend once in a while. By the way, Dan Campbell went for on fourth down on a, in a tie game with 30 seconds ago. Again, that's not Just saying it's a different Scenario's. Not That's What, that's what I was trying to find What Earlier when Segment that got cut. Oh. Oh, now you gotta bring the segment back. Nope. Yeah. Max tried to, no, you, you gotta leave that in. I'll leave some of it in. Okay. I'm sure you we'll have another update about Dan Campbell's coaching errors. Probably. No, it wasn't an error. He got it. Oh Yeah. Okay. And it was a tie game with 30 seconds left Tie game with 30 seconds. And did they win? Correct. And where was the ball? The winner? This ball. This is the whole, yeah. Whatever.


So it was Nick Ani. I got a question for you guys about the Commanders. 'cause I'm blinded by him. Like I've, I again, I feel like this whole thing's been a dream because it's, it's crazy. From the owner to the head coach to the quarterback, all this shit. I have a question for you guys. Yeah. Are the Commanders a likable team? Yes. Yeah. 'cause I think they, I thought you were gonna ask a different question that Hank was gonna have a hard time answering. Okay. Ask Question. I think, I think the Commanders are likable to, I think they're likable team. I root I root for them. I do think I would be smiles A little too much. He smiles all time. He's starting to bother me a little bit. But I think they're a likable team. I like Dan Quinn. Terry McClure. I like, I like Brian Robinson. It it's similar to the lines Lu Boo. They've, that's a guy.


Say Lbu Lou Boo's Awesome. Yeah. They've they've always won. They've won. Yeah. They've won Super Bowl. So it's a little different than The Lion. But it's like teams that are have been bad for a long time. Yeah. Yeah. Once they're good. No, they likable. It's, you root for them. Because I I I have no frame of reference as to whether, I guess the only thing I can point to is that we are playing in the Sunday night game, which means that somebody wants to watch us. Yeah. I mean that's Jaden Daniels. Jaden Daniels. Yeah. He's had an incredible season that that's the Sunday night game. I thought you were gonna ask a very different question. Okay. Ask the question I was gonna ask. Should I ask it to you or Hank? Ask it to Hank. Okay. Hank It to him first. I the hit first. Do you, do you think the Washington Commanders are good? No. Hank turned to me in the middle of the Cowboys Commanders game. He goes, they fucking stink.


Well, I was thinking about the Saints game too. I was like, I'm last few games we've been watching like they have been struggling Yeah. Against really bad teams. So here's the, Here's the thing about the Commanders though. We're not that good. But Jaden Daniels finds a way to do things at the end of games. And today was Mariota. But if you look at since the Hail Mary game, we've scored like a million times in the last minute, minute and a half of games. Yeah. And just Max Fact, check that. Craziest innings Max. I think it was a million times that we scored the Commanders Less than a million. I honestly don't think that the, the Commanders are a great football team. We might not even be very good. But, but you're in the playoffs. You're one, but Yeah.


You know what we are is we're winners. Yeah. Yeah. And we figure out ways to That's true. We're figure out ways. Dan Quinn's a winner. We, we Figure out ways. He, he was a Super Bowl winning at one time. Head coach. Yes. That's fast. And Something happens at the end of games where time slows down for usually Jayden in this case Marcus. And it just ends up working out somehow. I don't know how they do it. I don't think that they're a very good team, but they're so fun to watch against Bad teams. Yeah. Against bad teams. Well the Eagles. The Eagles are good team. True. Well That was, they're playing Kenny Pickett. Yeah. Eagles are good team. We'll see outside Be I'll be How would they have with Kenny Score when jail and Earth went out?


Does Kenny Pickett play defense? That's true. Good point. Is The Eagles defense Good? That's Good point. Okay. That's point. Interesting. But they could've if Jail and hurts. Go ahead Max. No Commanders hack. He's still trying to find Dan Campbell stats. No, I already found, I I found the one and the One You're exactly what You're saying. No, I was wrong. It was by the way, it was the one I was exactly what I was saying. But I got mixed up and whatever. What I got nerv, I got nervous. And when I went to say the one that I was actually saying, I was like, oh, that was actually a good idea. But I didn't realize it was tied when he went forward on four. Yeah. Max, do you think the Commanders are good? Yeah. No, I think they're Be honest, max. I think they're, I mean they're definitely, they're a playoff I Think.


I think that they could beat the Bucks. I like. Yes, I would agree. The Bucks. I Think they're good enough. Weaknesses. Yeah. I think they're good enough to win a to win a playoff game. Here's the thing, I don't think there's anywhere near Super Bowl contenders, But I think, I think that there're one of two things is gonna happen against the Bucks. One. We're going to win in the last like 45 seconds of the game. Some crazy shit's gonna happen. Todd Bulls will probably screw something up in terms of timeout or like a go forward strategy. 'cause he is no Dan Campbell. And then we somehow figure out a way to win a game that we were losing by 17 points in the first half. That's option number one. Option number two is we lose by like 25 points. Mm. Because we're not, we're not good, but we win and we're fun. Wait, would you win in option one, you Said? Yeah.


Option one is we win. So Commander's Money line or Bucks alternate spread. Yeah. That would not be a bad bet. I might have to do that. But I love this team. Equal Amounts. I love this team. Yeah. Mike McCarthy, they asked him after the game what he thought about his future. Did you hear his quote? No. He said, I don't like to talk about myself, but I'll just be clear. I'm a winner. I know how to win. He Max. He said, I I'm actually gonna, Mike McCarthy is a winner. He said I won a Super Bowl in this building. As a matter of fact. Yeah. I'm actually going to compliment the Steelers. Don't really, the Commanders don't really get blown out of games. No. So like, I, I don't, I like don't agree with that.


I think it's gonna be a Bucks Game. Well, the, the Bucks blew us out, But Week one And The Ravens, Oh no, that wasn't Oh yeah. Seven. I think We lost by one score. They lost by seven points. Yeah. So like I don't think that that's necessarily, I, I feel like that would be going out on a limb to say that, that it's gonna be a blowout or the Commanders win. I just think that there's a good chance that the Bucks get up on an early lead against us. And then if you know, a couple things don't break our way, then it's gonna be pretty ugly in the second half. But there's an equally good chance where we're losing by 17 And we end up winning by two. I don't think, like, I think it's gonna be a competitive game. I don't necessarily who's going to win.


I think the Commanders can win that game. Yeah. There was a great moment in this game. It reminded me a lot of the Bears Hail Mary where your cornerback started celebrating and waving goodbye to the crowd. Malik Hooker on fourth down, put his hand up to be like, we got this stop against Marcus Mariota as Marcus Mariota still had the ball and was running like 30 yards downfield. That was a great screenshot to look at. We also had a cheerleader get absolutely domed by a kickoff. That should count as a point. She Got smoked. Yeah. That should count as a point. Disagree. Why Be Funny? I, I think hitting women shouldn't count as a point. I didn't say women. I didn't say women. I said cheerleader. True. There are, Man, I never said, I never said the gender of the cheerleader.


Tell Us Cowboys historically have Could Be, could Be. You don't know. You don't know. Cheerleaders come in all shapes and sizes. Yeah. That was, that was a crazy, crazy kick. That was, that was Aubrey, right? Yeah. And doesn't Evan McPherson, or is it the other Bengals kicker that dates Evan McPherson, I think has a girl, his girlfriend or fiance's on, On the cab. But that was not her. Yeah. That Got hit. I don't think so. Oh. But yeah, that was, that was crazy. Yeah, it was like a bullet. Yeah. Yeah. And then they zoomed in on her. She wore that like a champ. Yeah, She did, she did shout out Ress way, asking her if she was okay. Great guy. That Is awesome. Great job. Ress. Great job. Ress All. Anything else in this game? No, I think I ready for the offs.


I Think that I'm ready for the offs. Th this much like the Bronco season, this whole season was a win no matter what happens with The playoffs. Yeah, definitely. Obviously I wanna win in the Playoffs, but yeah, this is, it's been a great year. What map out a road? Okay, here's the road. 'cause I know you've done it in your head. Yeah. We beat the, so you might as well do it for, For us. Okay. So we beat the Bucks. Okay. Then the Packers beat the Eagles. Which would break my heart because I wanna see, I wanna play against the Eagles at some point. That would legit break my heart because I would have robbed of getting to cheer for the Eagles to buy. So That, but that's part of the road. Yeah. Part of the road is we somehow take over Home Field's advantage.


All right. So that happens. And then What was, what was that phase? There's a way that you said that. I, I feel like there's, there's gonna be a part of you rooting for the Packers. Absolutely not. Max. I can't be more clear. You need to end the Packers and then I'll root against you. I am 110% Eagles on Saturday. Love that. Or Sunday, you and Hank. Yep. It's, it couldn't be more clear if they, that's bad. If the Packers beat you. If the Packers beat you and I, I'm not even a allowed to make fun of you for losing. That's tor That's the worst. Y'all Make fun of me. No, I, no. 'cause you should be like you. The Packers just won. Let's get back to The Commanders. Sorry. Sorry. Alright. Here's the path. Okay. We beat the Bucks. Then we've got the Packers beating the Eagles.


Okay. Then we have the, I'm gonna say the Vikings beating the Rams. And then you've got the vi the Ram. Sorry. So all the all the all upsets. Yeah. 5, 6, 7. And Then you've got the Lions. They would have to play the Packers. Packers. The Packers beat the Lions. You beat the Vikings. We Beat the, we beat the Vikings. Okay. That's possible. That's it's possible. It's possible. It's not crazy. And then we beat the Packers in the NFC Championship game at home. Cinderella. Cinderella story. We, we, we played Who do you play? The Super Bowl Then? The Super Bowl. We played in Broco Steelers.


No, Houston Texans. Yeah. We played the Texans in the Super Bowl at, they changed the kickoff time to three 30. Oh, nice. And then we, yeah, we take out the Texans. That's huge. No, there's probably no chance. But no, that's a Path. I'm Just, I'm just happy. I'm just happy with Everything. I think the NFC, they're kind of is a path. It's white kind of is like, I think that, like would it be crazy? That didn't sound that crazy what you just said. Would it be crazy to say that the Packers beat the Eagles? No. Not crazy. Would it be crazy to say that the, the Vikings beat the Rams? No, no, no. Not crazy. Would it be crazy to say that the Packers beat the Lions? No. Maybe. No, I don't think so. Not that crazy. No, it's the Playoffs. You Don't think it Rice versus Russ. They, I mean maybe if Dan Campbell gets stopped on fourth and one in that, in that game, that it just happens.


That's a good point. Has he ever done that? No. No. Yep. It was tight game. It went forward on fourth and one. Crazy. Crazy. So there's, there's a path. However remote it might be. There's a path. It's the playoffs. Memes is frustrated about something. God knows what Well, Memes just is such a different fan that he thinks that like the Jets are winning. The you Talking too down on yourself. Mark Sanchez done as a rookie. Jane Daniels is a lot better. That's True. You going to Tampa. You beat Tampa. You started to talk like Gruden right now. Yeah. Why are, why why are you trying Pittsburgh? Then you go up to Detroit. Rank your favorite memes, voices. Mine is number one. Hank Hill. I didn't know you had that in me. No, that was good. That was great. And then two, we got, we got Pittsburgh, we got Gruden memes.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, listen, it's, you get your confidence. It's, it's a possibility. It's a, i I am confident that we can beat the Bucks. There's definitely a way that we, we beat the Bucks, but there's a lot of good teams in the NFC. I just, but they all have flaws. I just really wanted, they all have flaws. I wanted the Eagles. That's the biggest thing. They all have flaws. Yeah. I know you really wanted the Eagles. I'm sorry for you. Pisses me off. You wanted the Eagles. I knew. I knew you did too. Yeah. Alright, before we wrap up with the last four games. Better help.


Pardon? My Take is sponsored by Better Help. Every January brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled in 2025. Maybe you're ready for a plot twist or maybe there's a part of your story that you've been wanting to revise. Life isn't about resolutions that Fade by February. It's about picking up the pen and becoming the author of your own life. Think of therapy as your editorial partner, helping you write new chapters and create the meaningful story you deserve to live. I've actually started therapy a couple months, a couple months ago. Been great, really great to be able to talk to someone Better. Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Write your story with Better Help. Visit better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/pmt. Better help.com/pmt.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Oxon. Let's talk about the elephant in the room. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and older experienced ed. Which means that you or someone closer to you might be experiencing it. That's why I wanna tell you about this New ed treatment Gel ar roxon. It's the first of its kind ED treatment gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter. A roxon is topical treatment gel, which means it's a non-intrusive and safe for you and your partner to maximize intimacy. You can use it with your partner during foreplay leading up to sex. And it's clinically proven to work in 10 minutes for physical inti intimacy. Individual results may vary. Studies show success in over 60% of men because since it may not work for everyone, it's important to try on a few separate occasions to get the hang of how to use it. If you desire deeper connections and better outcomes. A Rock on is the answer. See if it's right for you. A Rock On is available in stores and online. Visit a Rock on Us to learn more.


Okay. The Seahawks Rams Seahawks 30 Rams, 25 Rams, sat, everyone Jimmy G played the Rams were actually pretty live in this game. They had a chance to win it at the end. And they, they had like a fourth and three on the 10 yard line with 30 seconds left. So Jimmy G still got it a little bit. So what was Sean Mcfe thinking going in this week? Did he just didn't think it was important to have to avoid the lines or the Vikings at all? Yeah, no. He was just like, I I wanna arrest my guys. It's just kind of a weird move though, isn't it? I don't, I I think, I think he's been there, done that play whoever you play. Yeah.


Because I mean ultimately who would you rather play in the playoffs? The Commanders or maybe the Lions. Yeah. I think he just wanted to play. I think he wanted to get healthy. He, because he is got an old quarterback. So this is what concerns me about that move is that I feel like Sean McVay knows something. Yeah. No, I'm nervous about the Rams now. Yeah. Especially watching the Vikings play against the Lions. I'm, I'm, I'm back to nervous about my pinky. Yeah. They weren't good today. And some of that has to do with Jimmy GA quarterback. But, But they almost won the game. They almost won the game. Yeah. In the Gino Incentives game, which he hit all three of them, by the way. Oh. Easily. He got $6 million in incentive. Stay good for Gino. But the fact that Sean McVay did not care about winning this game makes me think that the Rams are gonna be very dangerous.


Yeah, I'd agree. Because you, if you were desperate, if you were, if you had doubts in your team, you'd be like, we need every edge we can get. Yep. Let's go out there, win this game and try to avoid a great team from the North. I guess you also don't, I mean, you, you don't know how the other games are gonna go. Although they are had already played. No. If if they had won. Yeah. Yeah. They would be the three Seed. Yeah. Yeah. I was saying you didn't know. I like going before the game. If the Packers had won and the Commanders had lost it would've been the Packers. Right. So, you know, and you're, you're setting a plan for going forward probably days before being like, this is what we're gonna do. Yeah. So you're just not concerned at all.


Plan. Yeah. So that, that's what makes me concerned about the Rams. Yeah. And then it's for the Seahawks year one under Mike McDonald, I, it wasn't terrible. No. I Mean, and they won 10 games. It Was very frustrating. It was extremely frustrating. 'cause you felt like you could've won at least two or three more. They Had that, that, that, I mean, the fact that the Seahawks, they kind of have a similar setup with the Bengals. They look back, they lost to the Giants. Yeah. Like how did that happen? The, yeah. The Colts and the Seahawks lost to the Giants. Like How do you let, how do you, how do you let that happen? And so because like other than that, they lost to teams that were, you know, I mean they lost to Lions.


Understandable. They lost to the 49 ERs before the everyone got injured. Understandable. They lost the bills and the Rams, the Packers and the Vikings. Those are all not terrible losses. So if you look at the Seahawks season, it really just comes down to you don't lose that Giants game. You're in the playoffs year one in Mike, Mike McDonald. And so I, I don't know. I feel like arrow pointing slightly up for the South. I think you're, you're happy overall. Yeah. But you're, you're also very frustrated. Yes. Okay. So Rams, because I think they would, when they moved on from Pete Carroll, they at the very least wanted a coach that would attempt to run the ball. Yeah. And which they did a little bit today. But Mike McDonald, he failed that part of the test. Year one. How did The, the Rams see, I mean listen, Sean McVay, Kevin O'Connell, they know each other.


Those guys know each other that it's funny too because that was kind of the start launching off point for the Rams season. Remember that was early on in the season. They were two and four and it's like, if they don't win this game, they're pretty much dead. Which turned out to be true. They needed to win that game and they won that game. It was a Thursday night game and Stafford carved up the, the, the Vikings defense. I think that was the game that everyone came back right before, you know, like it was like we didn't, we didn't know if Pku was gonna play or not. And then he, he played right like it was announced right before and he carved them up. It's gonna be interesting Matchup. Yeah. Interesting matchup. I think I like the Rams.


Yeah. I probably like the Rams too. Alright. Cardinals 47. 49 ERs 24. You got anything on this Game? Nope. Josh Tobbs played. He did play. Yep. Kyler looked okay. Yep. Trey McBride Catch touchdown or No? Trey McBride did get to to Nice. All he does is score touchdowns. Yes. And he also had an awesome play where he carried Fred Warner like a backpack. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. Season from hell for the 49 ERs over. Yeah. So what, six and 11. So what do you do if you're the 49 ERs? You see how bad Brock Purdy hurt and then you go from there And Chris McCaffrey Walls Who'll be back.


Okay. Okay. What do you, what about Deebo? What do you do with Deebo? Cut. You cut your wide back. I don't know if, I don't know if cut is, I don't know what his contract is. I'd say you move on from Deebo. You find a, When you move on, find a way to move on from that contract. Yes. Yeah. That one you move on, you get Auk back next year. IU comes back. Debos a little older. Also felt like there was times where Kyle Shanahan tried to spam Deebo. So maybe he just gotta, it might be better for Kyle Shanahan to not have Deebo in his life Because he's always thinking I want more Deebo. What if I use Deebo for this play? Yeah. Like this run. Yeah. This sweep. What if I debo It? You'll get Trent Williams back. Yeah. That'll be good.


Yeah. Fred Warner's still good. Yeah. I think the 49 ERs will be a, a buy on team next year. Yeah. Where it's like, you know, they, they had a bad year. They had a season from hell. They, they get to rest up. They don't have to play deep into to January. Kiddo's gonna be fresh, Kiddo's gonna be fresh. They'll get a higher draft pick. They'll be fine. John Lynch is a very good gm. Khan's a very good coach. I just, I I don't like that the 49 ERs were such a bummer to watch because say what you want about 'em in the past they've always been fun. Yeah. And they were not fun this year. But They definitely have to. They, I I think they're rosters like on the older side that they have to figure, make some hard decisions and kind of reset. Yeah. But it can be done very quickly.


Look at the bills and What do, what do the Cardinals do? Hope next year's different. Okay. I don't really know. I, I'm not the biggest Kyler guy. I think they should keep him around. I think that Kyle, you, you stay rolling with Kyler for a little bit. 'cause at least they have like I know what the Cardinals are in my head and it's Kyler Murray scampering around having two games where he looks awesome. A couple games where he looks just awful. And then that's all the mental headspace you have to have on the Cardinals. Kyle's not a confetti quarterback. Oh. Can you close your eyes and see confetti coming on, coming down on Kyler? No.


Maybe on a game show or something. Because like, think about it like there's so much confetti then you're like, where'd Kyler go? Can't find him. Gets Lost in it. Yeah. Yeah. And the eSports, it's like A dog going into a leaf pile. I love those videos of the dogs go into the snow. Oh, the best. Like you could actually measure snow by taking Kyler outside and by just tossing them. I watched a video where a dog, there was a GoPro attached to the dog and he ran from the house. It looked like an Italian villa or something. He ran from the house all the way down these like windy rocks and jumped into the ocean. Probably the Mediterranean. Yeah, that was a good one. And It was like two and a half minutes long. It's like that dog has the best life of all Time. That dog was all gas, no brakes.


Yeah. And so that's what we would do with the Cardinal season. Get a GoPro, move to Italy, Put on Kyler And just run down to the water every single day. Yeah. Pretty good. Good plan. Okay, last two games. You wanna do Eagles Giants? We can skip it. Eagles 20 Giants 13. Well, we, I I guess the only question I'd have about Eagles Giants is, is Jalen Hertz out concussion Protocol? Nope. Oh, So what does that mean? You, you're less than seven days away from your first round playoff game. He went through a walkthrough yesterday. So, but, and the, and the line for Eagles Packers just moved to full point To where?


Four and a half. Okay. Okay. So that means he's probably gonna play or It means someone bet a lot of money on the Eagles. Probably the, the former That he's gonna play. I I get former and ladder mixed up. I do Too sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Ladder is the most recent one. Yep. La Probably The latter. So you think somebody bet a lot of money on the Eagles? Not that he can cleared concussion protocol. Yeah. Max does not think, I don't think that they're gonna like say that he cleared concussion protocol in like 10 45. Right. But do you think he will clear concussion protocol? Yes. In my heart of hearts. Do you wish Saquon had played? No. Because he's healthy and the offensive line is healthy.


And you saw a lot of people get injured today On the Eagles? No, on other playoff teams. Oh. What about Tanner McKee Future Tan McKee. Great. He's the QB two of the future. He's so good. Wow. That's good. You got that figured out. Yep. He's so good. So Kenny and then Tana Ree for the Playoffs. Yeah. So good. Tana Ree is so good. Yeah. I hope Jalen hurt's clears concussion protocol. Same. Same. Well no, I I wanna take that back. I hope that he clears it whenever it's good for his body and his brain. Yes, me too. And his mind to clear it. Not a second earlier. Me too. Agreed. I hope Jalen hurts. Clears concussion protocol.


But not until like Friday because I'd like to see Max's brain just be like, what does this mean? See that's how there's a part of you. Like if you are really rooting against the Packers this weekend, you wouldn't say that. Why? Because, okay. Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday. Wanna you would want them to have a full week, Week of practice? I'd like least two more days of him not clearing concussion protocol. I'd like at least one more report where they say he has not cleared concussion. You want one more show for me to be nervous about a concussion Protocol? Yeah. I want you to become an expert in concussion protocol at some point this week because you're so nervous. If jail and Herz doesn't cl clear concussion protocol, will you give us permission to concuss you and put you in protocol? I'm, I am already have a history Of concussions.


Okay. So we won't do that. We will not do that Three. I think we Should just give max the concussion test before every show. Yeah, that would be a good idea. Baseline Giants con what what even picked do they have now? Fourth. They still might get Shado. They could Third Third. 2, 2, 3 third. They could, yeah, they Could They could get Shado. They could get cam war. Yeah. And I don't know if they're gonna bring back day ball. It things seem to be trending towards not. Yeah. And again, we talk about when they had Ben Macadoo and Mar said that they would not fire Ben Macadoo. Then two weeks later they fired Ben Macadoo. Yeah. Did the same thing with Joe Judge the season. They said they're not gonna fire Brian Dbol. It's not necessarily a good thing to get a vote of confidence from Mr.


Mera. Yes. From Mr. Mera. So if they do fire Dbol, what about this plan? Sarc And then you just wait for Arch. You you do one season of tanking. They have a be if you look at the schedule that the Giants have to play next year, not easy. Yeah. They have to play the AFC North. Well that's 'cause they also the the Giants. Yeah, That's true. But they also have to play the AFC West. Okay. So a lot of good teams. And then so that's six playoff teams right there. Yeah. Between those two divisions. Are we sure Arch is worth tanking For? Then? You tank a little bit. You should, you should tank for somebody Agreed. If Arch Manning is not worth tanking for If you're the Giants, then who is?


I don't know. I'm just asking the question. 'cause if Arch Manning was worth tanking for I would, I would've thought Arch Manning would be playing in the Playoffs right now. Yeah. Well it's 'cause SAR is keeping him fresh because he's gonna become the Giants coach. Yeah. Then Tank and then Draft Arch. Because I'm also kind of done watching Quinn, yours. I'm not, I I am, I'm done watching Quinn viewers. I'd rather watch Arch. But if you're, if you're a Giants fan, that that should get your blood going a little bit. Right? Yeah. Like just picturing a Manning jersey. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, what does it, what does it have right now? It has them taking Travis Hunter. Okay. Abdu Carter to the Jets way to go.


Kelvin Banks offensive tackle. I like that Ash. And Jenny for sure is gonna be a cowboy. Dad is the most Cowboys pick ever. Oh my God. He's gonna run for like 1500 yards and they're gonna go to the playoffs like everything's fixed. That is the most Cowboys thing ever. Oh. McMillan is a stud from Arizona. Love that. That would be, that would be nice. Just what we need. Yeah. Okay. Last game Bears 24 Packers 22. What can I say? We beat the Packers. That's what we do. Packers, Specialists. That's what we do. We beat the Packers. Fake Punt Or not fake punt. The the, the fake punt catch was awesome.


That was a great play. The Keenan Allen interception. Awesome. So funny. That was a very funny play. Almost Bears the fuck out of this game with the fumble late. And then we, the Packers, I don't know what they were doing on defense at the end of the game, but that's just what, that's just the difference between good organizations and bad organizations. Caleb Bears find ways to win these games. Caleb Got clothesline so hard on that final drive. Yeah, Yeah. He got, yeah he got horse collar tackled. But yeah, Caleb made it through, threw a ball perfectly to DJ Moore. Cairo, Santos. Revenge, fun fact for you. The Bears in the Packers in the vaunted NFC North. Both one and five. And the Packers needed a block field goal to win that one game.


I can't remember who it was against. 'cause the Bears owned the Packers in 2025. The Packers have never beaten the Chicago Bears. Listen, I know we dropped like two spots, maybe three spots in the draft order. I was saying it before my, my oldest is five and a half. He's halfway through kindergarten. He has never been alive for the Bears to beat the Packers. So this was kind of nice. Yeah. It was nice to beat the Packers. I told you you could do this and you were, you were being a negative Nelly. Well, I mean I, we needed a lot of things to go right. Including a, you know, to, to completely fake them out with that punt return. We needed Jordan Love to go out. We needed the Packers to, to play the dumbest defense I've ever seen. But I'm happy for Caleb Williams to end on a high note.


Feels good. A lot of things to, to work on. The organization is not in a good place, but we own the Packers Trending up or trending down. Trending down, trending very far down. That Should make the Packers feel awful. Yeah. That even after you beat them, you're like yeah, here we're not in a good spot. Here's the thing, I know Packers fans like will tell themselves, well we just screwed you out of a couple, couple picks. You know, in the draft. It bothers Packers fans to No End because they love beating the Bears and they love beating the Bears all the time. And we haven't beaten them since 2018 And we haven't won a Road Sunday game in 20, you know, in three years. We're the Packers Daddy is this Like an Ohio State situation where even if they win the Super Bowl, like it's kind of a loss season 'cause they didn't Beat the Bears.


I'd rather them not win the Super Bowl. I'll say that right now. I do not want the Packers to win the Super Bowl. But good question Hank. We are the Packers' daddy though. We own Them. Could this be a moment where, you know, for the last five years all you've wanted is to beat the Packers, but at what cost? No, I mean I'm all, I've just wanted them to be good. Yeah. And they're not good, but we beat the Packers, so, and it's great that it happened at the last game of the season. So I can just be like, hey, we we're on a, we're on a winning streak. I will do a clock. You know, somewhere in the summer where it's like, it's been 200 and whatever, 50 days. Yeah. Since Yeah. You gotta you gotta hope that Packers schedule keep the Bears for super late in the season. Yeah. So you Can, or not, let's not even schedule next year.


Yeah. Let's just We'll, we'll do it the year after. What If you just destroyed the entire franchise? Yeah. Just, it bothers. It bothers the Packers. They lost the Bears. I love it. I fucking love it. So Caleb's rookie season, his numbers, he, he leads the Chicago Bears franchise history in total yards. So he did that in one year. Also says, how is that possible? I mean it's, we have never had a quarterback, Hank. That's how it's possible. Wait, say, say that Sta again. He Leads, he has the most yard, total yard. So rushing in receiver or passing in Bears franchise history in one season. That's Pretty good. 4,030.


I think Jay had like 4,000 and, I don't know, five or something one year. Is He, is he the guy We're working on it? Need coach? Wait, One year. All time. All time. And for one Season. For one Season. Oh, okay. I thought you were talking about for one season of one season For all time one season. Yeah. And he ended with, you know, 3,500. Now if you told me before the season that he had 3,500 yards and 20 touchdowns and six interceptions, I would've been like, holy shit. We're in the playoffs. Didn't go that way. Didn't go the way I thought it would a lot to work on. Caleb's got a lot to work on. The Bears have a lot to work on. I don't, I have more confidence in Caleb working on the things than the Bears working on the things.


'cause everything that I've read and heard, the Bears are going to hire Brian Flores. They're probably not even gonna interview Ben Johnson. Mike Vrabel is gonna be the Patriots head coach. Ryan Poll's is gonna keep his job and that's gonna be an awkward, I don't know what's gonna happen where he is got one year and then the new coach is like, Hey, this guy and whatever. Another time, another day. The Bears beat the Packers. We own the Packers. I Have some advice for the, for the McCaskey family. You gotta at least Don't swear. Okay. Two dearest McCaskey family. I hope this missive finds you will. Yeah. By the way, happy birthday to Virginia, 102 years old. Happy birthday to Virginia. Sweet Virginia. Very happy to have you around for hopefully many more.


No trips around the sun. Yeah. When I, Virginia can't Yeah. This is to Virginia. No, I I couldn't, I I reflexively said no when you said hope to have you around for many more. I shouldn't have said that. We hope Happy birthday. We we're glad you're not dead. I'm glad you're not dead. No, I, I Am. Oh, Okay. I'm glad you're not dead Again. Happy birthday Virginia. And, and Miss Virginia. Excuse me. Miss Mrs. McCaskey wood. Yeah. Wait, is it a Mrs or is it a miss? Is there a Mr. McCaskey? No, I mean her husband died like long. Oh, she's 102 saying, what did you say Hank? What? Yeah. Trying to be nice. Happy birthday. She got a lot of money. Yeah.


Okay. Anyways. Yeah, She should go back to it. Yeah. You have to at least pretend to interview Ben Johnson. Yeah, you have to. She's not, she. Well tell Address this to George. Mr. McCaskey. George. Her, her son. Her son, Her Full grown adult Son. Her 7-year-old son. Son. Who doesn't swear? Yes. Mr. McCaskey, you have to at least pretend to interview Ben Johnson. Yes. Just at the very minimum get get him on a Zoom call. Yes. And be, and then you can say we didn't think that he, his vision for the future of this offense aligned with Chicago Bears values. Yes. But you can't just hire Brian Flores because Ryan Pull says, this is my buddy. Yes. What are you laughing about back there? I just looked at a picture of her where she looked so old and then underneath it it said 1999.


Yeah. Yeah. Like that's Insane. That was when she, that's when she fired her other idiot son. What is that guy doing now? Michael McCaskey? Wait, I think he might've died. Oh No, I'm thinking of someone else. Yes, he died. You think of Jimmy Carter, he died. No, he died. He died. But yeah, they're a mess. I'm not gonna think about it today. Today's about beating the Packers. Listen, you have to at least pretend to interview Ben Johnson and yes, give Brian Flores an interview. But also let's not forget about the 40th anniversary of your vaunted 1985 Chicago Bears team.


And what better way to move forward as a franchise than by honoring that season and by bringing back a small piece of it. Dual head coaches Jeff Fisher and Ron Rivera. That would be fun. She was 62 years old when that happened. She was old. That's So old. When the Chicago Bears won the Super Bowl, she was old enough to be confused by the rap in the Super Bowl shuffle. Yes. Probably offended. Yeah. Offended by Like, this isn't music. No, seriously. Happy birthday. I I, I don't think she's doing like, she's a sweet old lady and it, it's not her fault anymore.


I mean, I guess it kind of is because she hired her son and whatever. It's Today's about beating the Packers. She's a nice mom. Today's about beating the Packers. Great mom. Well, she fired one of her sons. Smart move. Today's about beating the Packers. We beat the Packers. We are the Packers. Daddy Packers fans. You, you're Owen One in the last one. Max. I'm gonna give you the blueprint on how to beat the Packers. Hell yeah. Thank you. We're back. We're back. I'm gonna do it. Are the Packers better with Malik Willis at quarterback? Yes. Jordan Love just throws off his back foot. Yeah. That's all he does. He's really good at It. He is good at it. I I do. Christian Watson hurt. Christian Watson. It looks like he's out.


Jordan Love is out. That's actually significant. Yeah. Like that, that does suck for the Packers. 'cause he is their field Stretcher. And I do think that when Malik Willis gets in the game, LaFleur gets more invested in the coaching. Yeah. Where he is like, I really have to get in my bag. And he, he calls more creative shit. Does things a little bit more un unorthodox. They're more fun to watch, I think when Willis is playing. Yeah. By the way, did you guys, I I, I think I did mention this, but the, the, the Bears have the same division record as the Packers. One in five. One in five. And I think technically in division they get the tiebreaker on head to head point differential. 'cause we beat them by two and they beat us by one. Oh, that's big.


So, so This Season Yeah. So on aggregate. Yeah. That that's, that's correct. We beat them by two and they beat us by one. So Yeah. So like going football in the NFC North Yeah. On college Football division rules. Yes. You finished in third place in the division. Correct. Packers finished in last, last place. Correct. Correct. Congrats. Anyone could beat up on the, all the other teams. Yeah. In the Big North. Anyone? Literally anyone. Yeah. Could, you know, beat teams like the cults and you know, they could do that, but, or the Cardinals. But not everyone could just fight in the NFC North and win on a technicality. Is Thomas Brown the guy? No. They're gonna interview him for a head coaching job. Yeah. Which is nice. It's good that he's doing that.


It's good. But no, definitely not. They fucked Thomas Brown over. They made him, he was doing fine. There was a three game stretch where Caleb looked more confident. 'cause he was up in the booth being the oc and then they're like, Hey dude, you did pretty good for three games. Which he was, he started the season not as the OC became the OC three weeks later became the head coach. They fucked that guy over. He did such a good job at being OC that they promoted him. They just, that that was a, that was really stupid and very Bears like. But yeah, the future is as grim as possible. I'm not, I'm not gonna get my, I've I've said this before, I'm not gonna get myself excited. What are you gonna say? What were you saying? Memes? Vrabel?


No, Abel's The coach. The Patriots dude. No. Chicago. Maybe the Jets. The, I'm not gonna let myself get excited until the Jets, until they actually show me on the field Interview. He hasn't signed. Yeah. Like I, to my knowledge, he hasn't even interviewed with the Patriots yet. Me neither. Yeah. I don't think he has, but He hasn't interviewed with the Jets, so really the only job he could take. Right now's True. It's with the Jets. That's Yeah, That is true. The top of his big board is probably Jets. Jets, yep. Yeah. And his Etsy board. I'm not gonna let myself get excited in the off season and talk myself into something that they have proven time and time against. They can't deliver. I will spend the off season talking about how we're one Oh. Against the Packers in the last one. And that's fine that, you know what I am, I'm based in facts now.


I based in f results. I'm a results based guy. I'm not gonna talk about hypotheticals and who we add and offensive lineman and co coach. And we're like, oh, you know the, the Bears are gonna be great. No, no, no. Facts want to know in last one against Packers This year. Undefeated this year, right? Yep. Facts. Not a lot of teams can say that. I guess the Super Bowl champ actually all of us Can. Yeah. All of us can say it. And also the Super Bowl champ will be able to say that for sure. Actually, I'm, unless one of you wins the Super Bowl. Yeah. I guess memes, Hank and I are going to finish 2025 or start 25. 25 without a Loss. Yeah. Whenever they say only one team finishes with a win in their last game, that's actually not true.


No. There's a lot Of teams. Yeah. 16 Of 'em. What do you say, max? Well, we All, we all started 2025 without a Loss. Yeah, no, that's what you're just saying. But, but you guys are the only, you guys are the only ones who have a chance to lose in 2025. Which actually I'm happy I don't have a chance to lose so far in 2025. You understand that? Yep. No, no. That made no sense. It makes perfect sense. Yes. He's saying very Simple. He's happy that they don't have a playoff game that he could lose. Yeah. Got It. Because Big Cat rather not be, I'm gonna stay one and Oh for the next nine months. You'd Rather not even Be in 2025. Same. There's a good chance you guys are not gonna be, you're gonna take at least one loss. No, I'm a winner. I'm not gonna lose. Okay. That's the spirit. Yeah. Anybody, anytime, anywhere.


I wish. I wish we could fuck, I just wish we could change the bracket and play against the Eagles. Oh. Nothing would make me happier. Oh, I know. You were rooting hard for it too. You were really hard for it. Okay. Should we finish up with who's back of the week?


Oh, I have a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Rollback dot com promo code Take q ZIPPs polos hoodies joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code. Take my Rollback question is, who ended up losing the picks competition?


Good Question. Great question. That would be me. Oh, Oh, max. You lost? Yep. That's a shame. I have a que I have a Rollback question. Yeah, Hank, go ahead. Rollback question. Hit us. Well I guess for, do you wanna clarify what the, what the punishment is? The Punishment is the loser of the pits picks competition this year has to go to an AWS bachelor party and get drunk with awls, which isn't really a punishment, it's actually a reward. But some of us don't love traveling when we don't have to work. So that's the punishment this year. So I was thinking about this last night and, and you know, even just the past week, obviously with the New Year, the show and how much we appreciate our fans.


And I was just thinking like we have non male a WL fans. Yeah, that's a good point. Like we did just pigeonhole this true, you know, contest party into just bachelor parties. Yeah. What about the female awls? Yeah. Could be bachelorette and bachelorettes. Good point. It sounds like a good idea for another punishment, but it's a shame that this one is a bachelor party. That's, That's a good point. This is also a bachelor party. I'm just thinking out loud. It's like, do not, do not, do you not care about our female fans Offense? No. No. I don't. I care About our female Fans. So I agree. This sounds like a great idea for another punishment that we can do. But Why? But like we could, It's a shame that we already made this one a bachelor party. I wish we didn't. Ugh.


I wish we didn't make we Vote. We Couldn't vote. No. No. Yeah. For our next punishment we can do that. No, we could vote right now for this one. No, no, no. Unfortunately. Are you saying you wouldn't wanna hang out with our female? Like you wouldn't wanna go to bachelorette Party? No, I just want to You're saying oblige by oblig obliged to Oblig the punishment that we were doing. Why you, what is that word You're saying? I don't know. Oblig. I would've oblige to the punishment. Is that what You think The word is? That obliged. I wanna oblige to the punishment. And unfortunately we said this was a bachelor Party. What about now? Would we leave open those fucking freaks and weirdos that do a combined bachelor and bachelorette party? No, I say they're out. Yeah, they're out.


It's gotta, yeah, if you're listening to the, if you're listening to this show right now and you do that, stop listening to the show. This show's not for you. And if you're a female, not we care about you. Unless Max, unless you're You're No, I think that's a great idea. Unless your fiance made you do the combined, then you're off. I, I don't Know if I had lost I would say it's gonna be equal opportunity because I think that we should sh shine more light on some of the female AWS out there that sometimes listen to the show. Yeah. I don't wanna Oh, am I the only I agree. You wanna let them Know. I think that we should do the do. Can I ask a question? Can, I'm gonna, I wanna role play real quick. Like I lost, Hank asked me if I would do that. Hey Big Cat. Like I know we, we said bachelor party, but I was kind of thinking last day.


Oh wait, are you thinking bachelorette party? Yeah, I was. What? I thinking I'm in. See you. Go. That's how, that's how I would act Go. Because I love our female listeners. Yas Queen Max. I'm in. I Have a question. Max. Max. Real back. Question. PFT. Why are you afraid of girls? Yeah. They're scary. Good answer. Fair point. Alright, so Bachelor and bachelorette party. You guys are gonna get your hair done. Everyone submit even bachelorette parties. You can, you can submit anything. But We we're the ones deciding where you go. Correct. On the bachelor party. That was the punishment. Okay.


Anywhere and yeah, Anywhere. And it sounds like there's no time limit. Yeah. So could be like a Well I can't miss work. No, This is work. No, you can, I can't. I can't really miss work. We're saying you can right now. I can cover also if you're one those thank you me. If You're one of those bachelor parties that likes to do an activity instead of like the whole going out and drinking and getting drunk all the time. If you're doing like, like a group marathon or something like that, like we're all gonna travel together and compete in this endurance race, that's cool too. Yeah, we're definitely in for that. Japanese awls. Don't feel like you're too, like we care about you guys too. Yeah. Domo. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Japanese awls. Shout out Tokyo's probably. Japan's probably fun. Yeah. Also is memes, does he have to go to a retirement party?


Yes. So we need to find that that Yeah. Second place. Yeah. We gotta find that. Or A Divorce hearing. Or a divorce hearing. I would prefer a divorce hearing. I think that'd Be funnier. Memes in the back. Like Harbaugh. Judge Judy. I Still think the funeral wasn't that crazy, but whatever. We'll not do that. So Max congrats. We had a quite a testy Saturday night. I know. I, I don't, I was, I don't, I don't know why I was so upset. I was, he was, Max was every Punishment. It's like, dude, PG had to drive across country. 50 50 Wanted to drive across the country. 60 minutes of standup. It was my punishment and I did it. Meme still hasn't gotten over doing 15 minutes of standup. It Changed him forever. Yeah, Actually. And you were like, Oh, I was just, this is bullshit.


No, I was just pissed. It was, I was just pissed in the way that, that I lost. 'cause I was like looking forward to, you know, the, the getting riled up for Sunday and wanting to, it was more so that I lost than I was about the actual punishment. Yeah. 'cause you lost on the push. But you were, it Was the only way I could have possibly lost on Saturday night. Yep. And that's what it was. Yep. And you kept on leaving the group chat over and over. We had to keep adding you back. You were getting very upset. Yeah. No, I shouldn't have done. I should. I'm, I'm, I'm excited. I'm excited to make friends with some awls. I'm excited. Love that. I'm excited. Male Or female? Boy, girl or female. Yeah. Yep. The Bachelor Party's gonna be great. If you're listening to this and you want to invite Max to your bachelorette party, just maybe put like a male Name.


So there's no way that Eddie Bachelorette party would want me there. Oh, disagree. Oh, no way. Challenge accepted. Are you Challenging them? No, I'm Challenging the A wl I'm not challenging them. I'm not. There Would be a, a bachelorette who's maybe her, her fiance is a big a WL and she wants to make him jealous. Invite Max from part of my tape. I I, I would love to see the face of some of the girls being like, this is the worst stripper ever. Why did you bring him? He walks in a boot. I gotta Yeah. Okay. A camera. So We'll, we'll get it, we'll get it set up. I'm excited for you, max. Yeah, that'll Be good. We're gonna pick something good.


And I'm doing the nine artist stream. Yeah. Yeah. In two weeks. Yeah. And I'm getting a tattoo probably actually this week. 'cause there's a, we have a tattoo artist coming in and I'm gonna get A perm. Yeah. And I'm gonna pitch The baseball thing. Max hurt his foot. He Broke his foot. Yeah. That really, that really threw a wrench into things. Here. We're Gonna do that. We're gonna do that. Okay. Should we finish up with who's back of the week? Who's back of the week? Henry, who's back of the week? My Who's no a my who's back of the week. I got a couple. I think I'll save one for PFC. I'm guessing he's gonna take it. My other one. Lean Angela Ball. Go on. Not in the NBA, but he is a charting.


He's basically got the number one song in, in the country right now. Is he good? It's really good. It's a good song. Yeah. It's a song I've been putting for the jumpsuit. January songs. Oh. Oh. It's one of those songs that it's, it is popular. Like at first, you know, he put out a, a clip of it and, you know, all the, all the youth were saying like, this song would've been a banger in 2005. Kind of making fun of how it sounded like an old school song. Which is one of those moments for me where I realized like, I am definitely old because this is like the music that I like, like when I was, you know, way younger and like stealing my brother's iPod to listen to music. It was like this type of music. But now people are just ironically unironically enjoying the song. Like, you put it out on streaming, it's got 2 million views on YouTube. Like people actually like the song and it's a good song.


Is his dad still kicking? What's his dad up to? He's Still kicking. Haven't heard much from him. He's been right about everything. Yeah. Don think he, he, he got, he did what he said he was gonna do. He got his sons to the league. You know, gel didn't pan out, but now he is panning out as a, as a rapper. No, he is. And then Lonzo, he put, or he a another clip came out last night from the Bulls locker room. Yeah. Where Lonzo was playing a different unreleased song. And now that's gonna be a hit. Oh hell yes. So so Jello iss just Lowkey just gonna be a He's him famous rapper. Yeah. What's the name of the song? Tweaking. Okay. And you love it. I I love it. Like you love Tweak it Unironically and You listen to songs hard. When you listen to songs. I, I have listened to this song. Should Billy Strings be worried?


I would love, good question. I, I said to my friend, I would like to see the, the BBBB crossover. Quadruple B. Okay. Billy, big Baller brand. Billy, big Baller. Billy. Nice. Okay, good. Who's back? Baller Strings. Balls. PFT. Hank, who was your other? Who's back? Because I have two USA. Oh, it was a good, you can do that. Yeah. Go ahead. Hockey. We won the, the world whatever. Oh, World fuck. Yeah. Yeah. Ryan littered. MVP. Love it. My who's back is In Canada. Can't even make it to the fucking championship. Wow. Made a joke. That's very sad. Wow. And they lost the Prime Minister. Can't what is, or whoever. It's what is Max listening to? I was listening to the song. I had never heard that. Oh, I thought you were listening to like, some thought he found.


Whoa. My who's back in the week is Luke Littler Dart is back. Luke Littler. We have a new world champion in Darts. He's 17 years old. He beat Michael Van Gerwin in the finals. So smoked Him. Smoked him. Oh, Michael Van Gerwin And crushed him. Absolutely dominated him. This guy's a unit. They call him Luke the Nuke. He's a big boy. Wait, so Luke the nuke. He's 17. 17. So He looks like he's, He's 30 by the way. Plus, wait, Have you seen, have you seen the clips of the old school? Yes. The, the Penn State football players from the 1980s? Oh no. Oh yeah. I don't know what was going on in the world. But if you were 20 years old in the year 1988, you looked like you were 50. Yes.


Absolutely. They all is smoking. Smoking, yeah. Smoking Bars. Yeah. That was, that. That was why everyone looked so much older. Wait, so Luke Nuke is 17. He's 17. So He's just gonna be the best darts player for the next 40 Years. He's the next Michael Van Gerwin. So in the, in the speech that Van Gerwin gave after the darts were over, he said, you know what they say A star comes along once every 17 years. Basically in his congratulations speech, he was reminding everybody that he was a star. Yeah. And he is a star. But now, 17 years after that, when Michael Van Gerwin was 17 years old, now another 17-year-old has taken the ground. Luke The nuke. Luke the nuke. Fucking love it. He's a beast. Love It. Stud And British. That was the championship.


That was a championship. Absolutely crushed him in the championship too. Look at him. We should try and get him on. We should. Yeah. He he's sleeping On the trophy. You should, you should, you should do that producer. Oh yeah. Okay. That's, That's Josh will get him. Yeah. Look at that Haircut. Yes. We should get him on For sure. Especially before your nine daughter Hank. That would be great. Yeah. That'd be a great interview. My other who's back was gonna be Jimmy Butler. Ah, Jimmy. Back in the news. Wait, What'd he do? PFT. He's not happy. He pulled a Tyreek Hill. Oh. And he's not happy being in Miami. Well, no. Tyreek Hill pulled a Jimmy Butler. Yeah. It is the Jimmy Butler. So Jimmy Butler, I, I'm shocked that Jimmy Butler is no longer happy On A team.


On a team. Yeah. He is on a team. No way. He doesn't wanna be on the team anymore. And he is making a very public demand to be traded from that team or move on. Is this redemption for Shams? Yeah, Kind of. I Just, this is, I mean, Jimmy Butler just, he's ready to move on. Yeah. Back to the Sixers. No, but there was a report that they tried to do that in the off season. Hmm. The Sixers did. Yep. They couldn't get, couldn't get a deal before Paul George. They tried to get Jimmy Butler Back. Maybe now they could Super team. No, I don't, I don't think it would work. Yeah. I can't believe Jimmy. Jimmy. But I Don't, he wants to go to a contender. I don't think he wants to come to Philly. He wants to go to Contender. Sixers beat the Nets yesterday. Oh. Oh wow. The Nets are really good.


Yeah. Yep. They looked not so great against the Warriors. I don't, I don't know. Fair. Say I like J Butt. I like Jimmy Butler. I mean, as a player. Sure. But as a guy in the locker room doesn't feel like I, well He's been at some point he's been pretty good in Miami. Yeah. But at some point, if this is your fourth team, yeah. It might be you. Yeah. I think it's probably him. But he, he was relatively good in Miami. He didn't, Didn't blow team course there. Wasn the Finals twice Into now. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm saying like as a teammate, he seemed to be a Yeah. A good teammate for a while. Yeah. But I feel like Jim, the he's he's on the downside. Yeah. It's not getting better. It's actually kind of nice that like Miami has to deal with this for once.


Yeah. Like there are players being like, I want out Miami. Everyone always wants to leave wherever they are to go to Miami. Well Dwayne Wade wanted it outta Miami. That's True. Okay. My who's back at you Probably saw that statue and was like, is this, this is how they treat their superstars. Yeah. My who's back is Derrick Rose because Derrick Rose night. I was attend, I attended it Saturday night. Awesome Ceremony. Very cool. Made me kind of sad because it was like, oh, I remember when it was cool to have like a team and players that were fun to root for. Very, very fun. Also very bulls that they are retiring his number next year. So they'll just do another Derrick Rose Night. But it was very cool. Derrick Rose means a lot to Chicago and it was like, it was a very emotional night.


Jo Keem spoke very well. So it was cool. So speech He gave to his son too, or like About talking about his Yeah. You wanna be good or great. Yeah. Is awesome. So they Retired his number last night, but they're gonna retire it again next year. No, they didn't retire his number. They announced they're going to retire his number next year On Derek Rose Night. Right before Derek Rose night. Okay. So they can do another Derek Rose Night. What prevented them from retiring His number last night? I, they weren't ready. The banner ready to do it. It Takes a while to get a banner. Yeah. The banner and, but it was, it was a cool night. It was very, it was fun. I actually thought it was going to be the highlight of Chicago sports in 2025 on January 4th. Turns out we ended up beating the Packers. So kind of, kind of having a hot 2025 so far.


That's a pretty good two day span. Yeah. And they beat the Knicks. I love that. They're waiting a year to retire. Yeah. And because they're gonna bring 'em back and do the exact same thing. Exact same thing except with the banner. And I'll probably go again. Yeah. Because it was fun and I like it. The, the United Center was packed. The highlight packages that were playing, all the old guys are back all dang Joe Keem. Like all these guys were there. It was very, it was very cool. It was, it was a cool ceremony. Cool night. The Bulls actually did it correctly. Unlike last year when they invited everyone back and like no one came and then they booed Jerry Krause's widow. So Oh yeah. Forget. Well that wasn't, they booed Jerry Krause's widow, they booed Jerry Krause on the jumbotron because the bulls are idiots and they should have realized if they put 'em up, that was gonna happen.


Whatever. Either way. And then my other, who's back is Fox Sports. Yeah. What happened? They got some stuff going on. The lawsuit. Did you read any of it? I read a little bit of it. It's interesting. It's Just a lawsuit. So we don't know. It's, it's allegations civil, it's a civil lawsuit. But apparently allegedly Skip Bayless tried to pay a coworker one and a half million dollars to sleep with him. That Seems like a lot of money. And she said no, that's gotta make you in a real, real down, bad mindset. Yeah. 1.5. 1.5. 1.5. Allegedly. Do you think he started, did he start with 1.5? Yeah, I think that's, I think that you just say that and you're just like, that's that's the number.


But you couldn't just say a million, I'll give you a million bucks. That is quite a lawsuit. We'll see how that goes. And I saw Joy Taylor was in the mix there. They listen. I'm gonna, my statement here is I'm gonna wait and see how it goes. But I saw Emmanuel Acho having to delete tweets. That's very Funny. Gonna saved. That was very funny to me. Did you see the video that he put Out? Yeah. That was Oh, he put out a statement. No, it's an old video. Yeah. Yeah. That's the video from 2022. Yeah. It's an old video where he's that he Deleted after. Yeah. Which like, dude, people are gonna figure that out. I've just, man Lobster doesn't like us. I'm not the biggest fan of his, he's a weirdo. It'll just be very funny just to watch him have to squirm A little.


I think E Emmanuel Acho is the weirdest person on television. Yeah. He's very strange. Yeah. And yeah, in the video he was like just talking about how great Joy Taylor was kind of out of nowhere. Yeah. And then he deleted that video because he is like, people are gonna find this and repost it. Which Is so weird. Which is just Streisand himself. Yes, Exactly. We'll see, we'll see how that goes. I don't know. That was a bombshell. Skip obviously is just tweeting and not addressing Anything at all. 'cause he doesn't follow anybody on Twitter. Yeah. I also don't know what, how you do address it other than with lawyers. Right. Yeah. You probably shouldn't Address it. Yeah. Probably should just let it play out. Also, Colin Coward seems like whatever happens with this lawsuit, he was like exonerated like the Yeah.


Like no creepy Stuff about him. Yeah. He's not a creep. I wanna say for The record, I would've taken 1.5 million to sleep with Skip Ellis. You would've taken $0 with Skip. Yeah. One night with Skip. You probably bonus Ernestine your pillow talk. Yeah. Okay, let's wrap up.


Oh, we got one last ad for the lottery ball. It's brought to you by our friends at Jack Pockett. Feeling lucky. Well get ready to try Your Luck with Jack Pockett America's number one lottery app with Jack Pockett. You can order Powerball and mega million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery games every day. There are millions up for grabs right on your phone. New customers can get a free lottery ticket using code PMT. That's code PMT for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. Don't wait. Download Jack Pockett now for your chance to win Big good luck with Jack Pockett Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY 18 or older 19 plus in Nebraska, 21 plus in Arizona Void were prohibited. Promo code required for $2 non withdrawal credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings. Terms jack pocket.com/tos/free. Dash ticket dash promo slash


Okay. Numbers 5 33 3 E 11, let's go. 8 99 4. Alright, will you obliged Max in six 11? There's no way you think that's how you say that work? I obliged to bachelor party 85. Oh, Virginia's looking down on us. Well, no, she's with us still. Yeah. 85 Bears. Yeah. There you go. Virginia 62. Love you guys.