
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music on today's part of my take. Week 12 in the NFL. What we thought was going to be a boring Sunday was anything. But We start with fastest two minutes And we get into every game, some contentious moments on the podcast. Very fun show. Getting you ready for Thanksgiving week.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Looking for the best way to win huge prizes during one of the best NFL weeks of the year. Look no further than DraftKings the official daily fantasy partner of the NFL. This Thanksgiving you can play free for a $1 million top prize. That's right. Any customer new or existing can play free for the 1 million top prize with their next $5 deposit. Make it a really happy Thanksgiving with DraftKings all customers. Download the DraftKings app use code take. That's code take to play free for a shot at the $1 million top prize only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Also, I will be doing a Monday night parlay starting this Monday night, starting tonight when you're listening to this. So check it out on the DraftKings app. You can find it there. But go make it a really happy Thanksgiving with DraftKings all customers. Download the DraftKings app use code take. That's code take to play free for shout at the $1 million top prize only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply void were prohibited. Minimum $5 deposit required reward issued as $5 ticket for November 28th. Fantasy Football Millionaire contest. See DraftKings dot com slash DFS for details.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. A Tyson. Yeah, yeah, my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Make it a really happy Thanksgiving with DraftKings all customers. Download the DraftKings app use code take. That's code take to play free for a shot at the $1 million top prize only on DraftKings.


The crown is yours. Today is Monday, November 25th, week 12, Some spread. Let me be the first to wish you and your family a very happy Thanksgiving. We starred in the windy city where Jordan Addison Ray was red hot toing around the field past the Bear's defense. Minnesota kept finding the end zone when Jalen nailer hardly even know her. TJ little guy humor there scored in the second quarter Long Island Ice. TJ Hawkinson exposed a lot of really bad decisions by the Bears coaching staff.


But just when you thought it was over, Caleb Williams, Roan Moreno Johnson for a touchdown in the Bears took it to overtime where John, don't call me Tony Romo sealed the wind for the Vikings Vikings 30 Bears 27 Over to New York, where Tommy Danny DeVito got beaten by the Mayman. Ah, fighter of the Gman. Throwing blocks of downfield runs master of Italian hand gestured for everyone. Mayman Mike Evan's. Bacon was getting six degrees of separation from defensive backs as white and Tucker both scored.


The first time a white tucker was prominently featured. Since Silence of the Lambs, the Giants loved the lotion on its skin or also got the hose again. PS 30, the giant seven. We head down to Houston where the Texans got in the holiday mood, starting the scoring with a touchdown dec cage over top stuffing into the end zone. The Titans were rolling until Jimmy Ward Manual flipped the game and it looked like the Bryce was right for the Texans, but not so fast as Irish Chig Oh Con Oh Con quo. Dancing in the end zone, conquering the Six Flags in seven Nation Army of t CJ Orlovsky sealed the deal as he was unable to color between the lines.


Stepping out for a safety dance. Titans 32 Texans 27. We go to the nation's capitol where DB Cooper Rush has hijacked the Cowboys season, escaping with hundreds of thousands of dollars. Okay, I'll take turpentine. Took the Polish off the Commander season after he did a what and ran $99 for a touchdown. But contrary to Mike Flo's reporting, Washington wasn't dead yet as Terry Bradshaw McClure right for a touchdown only to have Austin old man. And the Seabert put it into this depressing short story by missing a hook and making a really nice catch, completely disappear. The Cowboys 34. The Commanders 26.


We head over to Miami. Down to Miami for Henry Lockwood on the scene for the Patriots Dolphins. Yes. Boom. Down to Mayo, where Jay Mayo and the Pats took on the Dolphins. The scoring started early for the Fins after Mr. And Mrs. Jan Smith found his way into the end zone for six. During an interview after the first quarter, when asked, what do you expect to see in the rest of the game, Mike McDaniel answered two is Going off the Rails. Four two tds, two FNHN. And he was right. Drake may showed more flashes of brilliance, including a fourth down scramble out the pocket touchdown pass to Austin Tongue, Inya Hoopa.


But the pets couldn't block a cold or stop a slant and fell to the mighty Fins. 34 15. Thanks Hank in Carolina, where Noah's Gray Anatomy and Dr. Kami Hunt had several long running series and it looked like the Chiefs were gonna take the Panthers to the ER on Sunday. But they forgot about Bryce Young Thug who has been living life like a beginner. But this is only the beginning as the Panthers clawed back. We'll see if he's allowed in Atlanta. Week 18. Boom. He got a Rico charge, huh? Rico. Rico. But they left too much time for Patrick Mahomes and Spencer Schrader Tots who hit the game winning kick. And how do the Chiefs keep getting away with this?


Chiefs 30 Panthers, 27 out in Las Vegas where Cortland Sutton on the dock of the Bay and Boas Reding Knicks produced nothing but hits on Sunday. The Raiders need a miracle. Abdul as he scored Sunday showing signs of life for their offense. But the Raiders kept going back to Will. Let's get it on for five Fuel goals. Leaving Raiders owner, mark Vanga unhappy with his team's record for another year. The Broncos 29, the Earth 19. And in Seattle for an NFC West Clash. As Michael McDonald reminded people what a fool believes he sees.


As some people wrote off this Seattle Seahawks defense. Early in the season, James Con Roy and the Con headss were bottled up early as Kyler. Bill Murray begged his offense to Rushmore, unable to get the ground game going. Jackson Smith na jig B Jack Jackson Smith na jig B Bob, Ooh Jack Jackson Smith Na jig. Ba buoy was Robin, given the Cardinals defense fits all afternoon and the game swung on a Kobe Bryan. Pick six. As Seattle climbs to the top of the West Baba buoy that was giving me trouble. Jackson Smith buoy mashed potatoes.


Seahawk 16 Cardinal six to the frozen tundra where Josh nowadays everybody want to talk, lady got something to say, but nothing comes out when they move the lips. Put the GI mother the fuck is, act like they out about Jay Cubs scored three times and the 48 9 ERs proved it. Mathers, when your quarterback is out, as Brandon Allen played the game with vomit on his sweater already. And Kyle Shanahan is gonna be writing some very sad letters trying to get Brock Purdy to notice how bad this team is without him. That is Kyle Stana hand, Stana hand Packers Jackson Smith Nibu Ni Babu Packers 38 Niners Ton Kyle Stone Standing on the corner of Jamis Winston Cuyahoga.


Such a fine sight to see victory comes from the Lord while the horse prepares for war. Snow football kicks ass on tv. Hey Jerry, Judy, he did his do. Ru Wilson runs like something's up. His Boo Cleveland wins. I forgot the score 'cause it was Thursday night. But Jamis deserved a song. Snow Football, first performance, snow football, snow football, something romantic. There's something that makes you feel good about the world when there's snow and football on TV and you watch it in Turkey.


Alright, that was the Fastest two minutes brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that Silverado as a partner, a partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of, Pardon My Take, jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado's been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio last year at Grit Week. And Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year, Silverado was out west with our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss that head on over to chevy.com to build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover, world of strength and capability, all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week 12 in the books Crazy weekend. We thought it was gonna be Sunday. We were like, oh man, these games kind of suck A lot of big point spreads, but we had chaos. That Was the most chaotic witching hour of the year. Yeah, Well, the most chaotic like 10 minutes. Yeah, it was, it was basically that ending 10 minutes of both of our games was just made no sense. So we should start with the Cowboys 34 Commanders 26. I'm glad that we're starting with us because I feel like we, I gotta, I gotta get some things off my chest and it's more productive if I speak on them now Yeah. Than if I hold them in. So there's two facets of this game I wanna discuss.


One is the play on the field. I'll get to you in a second. Hank the Commanders aren't a very good football team right now. The offense looks disjointed. It looks like chaos. They look nervous, panicky on offense. This might be the cliff, Kingsbury cliff that happens. Seems to happen every season. I don't know the first three quarters and like 90% of the fourth, the offense couldn't really do anything. Looked off schedule a lot of drops again, six drops again today from our wide receivers. I think what's happening is we're just not a very good football team. Mm. And I said out loud, it wouldn't surprise me if we missed the playoffs. Mm. Because we're not playing it. We were a 10 and a half point favorite during this game.


Yeah. The Cowboys were dead going into this game. The Cowboys had a hundred million dollars in cap space on IR going into this Game. Yeah. And then they, they also left some people at home. Yeah. Just said like, don't bother making this flight, just hang out, watch on your couch. So I thought that this should be a game that we should win and win decisively. Our offense looked bad, our defense didn't look great. We, we managed to have, make some weird shit happen in this game. Brendan Aubrey missed a couple kicks, Edwin blocked, blocked a punt and yeah, it was the Cowboys. They had a blocked field goal attempt to block punt, a missed field goal attempt and two fourth quarter kickoff returns for touchdowns. Yeah. The special teams is crazy in this game.


Yeah. There's There's two missed extra points. And It was, and In addition to that, yeah, It was a bad, boring football game for most of the game too. And then there was 31 points scored in the last three minutes and two seconds. Yeah. So watching the first half I said was like a watching a drunk man try to build a car. And then the final five minutes was like watching that man drive that car. It was insane, insane ending to the game. The last five minutes I felt like I was out back in, out, back in, out again. There were kickoff returns for touchdown credit to Tur Turin for hitting like the spin move from hell against us. Yeah. Cvte Turpen who like, you know, he dropped the ball and it looked like he was gonna get just killed for, you know, at the 10 yard line hits one spin move and then just finds a seam and is gone.


I feel like dropping kickoffs and punts is actually a good thing more often than not. Yeah. It's like every time you see a guy flub it initially something good happens to them. And I blame, I blame Sam Schwartzstein for reinventing the kickoff policy of the NFLI stand with President Trump when saying that the new kickoff looks disgusting, bring back the old one. And this has nothing to do with me getting burnt by one today. But then that happens. Well, two, two today, excuse me, then Jaden Daniels hits Terry McLaurin for an 86 yard touchdown with 26 seconds left or whatever it was. And I was all the way back in. They brought me back in after watching a game that we didn't deserve to win ever. We played very, very poorly.


And I was all the way back in. And then Austin Seabert goes out there and one left. And then I yelled at Hank, excuse me, I yelled at Hank the first time after the touchdown, after to after the Turpin spin move, because I could tell No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Dude, you don't get to, you don't get to reframe this. No, no. I Ill the facts. No. What happened? No, no, no, no. You, I wanna hear the facts record. You know, he's not gonna it's Record. I want hear what he has to say. He's not gonna stick. I was in the room happened live record. I was in the room. So I'll tell you if they weren't facts. Okay, go ahead, Hank. There was no animosity then PFT in his state of jubilation after the touchdown.


It wasn't enough for everyone to high five him and pat him on the back. Like, oh, Great, I look, I I got left hanging for a little bit. He turned around and goes, screamed you. Fuck you Hank you're mad right now. You're mad Again. These are not Out of no way. Hey, I'm not letting you reframe the story. Wait, We have the Clip. I know. No, let's, no, No, that's, that happened. The yes, that happened. But this is where Hank gets you with the details and he tries to screw you all up so he doesn't get to reframe this. I'm, I'm over here trying to take accountability. I was smiling, I'm taking accountability for my bad team's bad performance. We're not a good football team. A roster's not that great. I was excited. We were overperforming the expectations early in the season. Now I will say, wait, We're talking about one year the Commanders We're talking about This game. The Commanders are just not a very good football team. Okay. So I want to get that out there. I'm telling you, we're not good.


Fraud alert. Yes, I will accept those charges, whatever the case may be. What Hank did, I could tell throughout the fourth quarter, based on Hank's reactions to things that he for some reason was rooting against the Commanders. And I noted that. I made notes to that. And then when Turpen had that touchdown, I could tell he was excited about that. That's why when Terry McLaurin scored that touchdown, I looked at Hank and he had a an oh shit smile on his face. Like, I have to pretend to be happy, but I'm not actually happy. That's when I told Hank to politely suck my dick. I Love football. And that was one of the greatest football plays I've ever seen. You see, this is a lie. This is A lie. Was it not Hank? Which one? The kick return. Yeah, that was pretty sick. Like I reacted and I was like, that was sick because it was sick.


It was sick for Only that reason. It was, yeah. I wasn't, again, I wasn't like, he's a football fan. Fuck yeah. Cowboys. I was just like, that Was sick. I, so, so I made, I made, Nor was I, like I made little, oh Fuck. Little tiny mental notes. The Commanders went up, not went up. Almost tied the game when they almost did out. There was no emotion. Little tiny Notes whatsoever in the back of my head the entire day being like, okay, Hank's rooting against me for whatever reason. That's fine. He puts the, you know, teams that are playing against the Commanders and the hungry dog all the time. That's, that's the game. Is the game. That's not true. Well, it's, no, I don't, I don't begrudge you for that. That's fine. That's, that's, you know, you can, I'm not gonna tell you how to do the hungry dog. That's your baby. That's, you've raised that baby how to do today. That baby's dead. It's up on the season. Okay. Decade.


The baby is not helping Up on the decade. It's up. It's up. What week is this? Yeah, We judge on decades here. What week is it? According to Stu? Finer. It's 12. 12. It's up two units. There we Go. Okay. So I I I'll never begrudge Hank for putting a team in the hungry dog. That's whatever he wants to do. Whatever. I understand it's all good. But today the Commanders and the Cowboys that was not part of the hungry dog. But I knew, I, I could tell by Hank's little reactions that he has that he was, he was rooting against me for some reason. I couldn't quite suss it out. And then he started doing the what? I can't exist. You're just attacking me for no real reason whatsoever. And I realized I was wrong last week when I took Hank's side against Big Cat because this is what Hank does. This is who he Is. He Pft turned to me.


It's like he and was like, we'll save for the show. But you were right deep down. And I was like, I knew I was right Deep, deep down in his core this because he was gaslighting me. Correct. Making, making me feel like I was crazy. Correct. For reading his facial expressions and like I was reading in his stuff that wasn't happening and Oh, poor little hanky. I'm looking at his sweet little innocent face. I'm coming home and I'm beating my, my child and no, my, it's because my child, little hanky has been home all day trying to start fires while I'm gone. And then he is like, oh, what me? And when, when memes does it, when he's out there looking for clips of me being upset about bad things that happened. That's fine. That's memes job. He's doing a good job at his job when Hank's a hater. He does it for the love of the game. Eh, which is don't stop.


I can't just a word. You're saying everything. I don't know. When Hank, when Hank talks in this episode, I would like there to be a little close captioning that community notes. Yeah. Just as this is a lie, do not believe Hank do not believe his lies. So then after the game, this Is content. I mean we're, we're talking content right now after the, when, when Hank is being all sweet and innocent, he lets it slip. I didn't it slip. I said it that he put in a bet last week for the Commanders to not make the playoffs. And like I said earlier, we might not make the playoffs we're not that good. But you just did it out of pure hate. No. Out, out of pure hate. Pure hate is how is why you did it. And You're you're way too emotional.


You're way too emotional. PFT, you're no, you're being way too Emotional. That was Strictly, that was strictly just the Commanders are bad. I'm I'm right about like That's not you're, you're taking it personally. I'm just looking at it analytically and just looking at the team on the field. They're not good. They lost a Cooper rush to 10 and a half point favorites. They lost. I mean, again, we, they beat the Bears, but like in my mind, that was a loss. They're not good. Can Can, you can, can you at least Hank just admit this part from the outside looking In, there's one other element Commanders to not make the playoffs bet is it's the most hater be of all time. It's the most, you can't get any more hate. I didn't even know they listed it. Yeah. He went deep into DraftKings to find that bet.


Hank might've asked Jack McCarthy to get that bet up just so he could do it. He, you might've invented that bet, Hank There was one other part of the bet. See, this is where I was thinking and how deep did this go Again, like you say, I'm just doing it purely for just a troll. Like I do it for the love of, of this podcast and the game and what could the best content be. And at the same time, I could show you the bed slips at the same time I put that bed in, I put in the Patriots to make the playoffs. This was two weeks ago when I thought that there was a path where if the Patriots could make the Playoffs and the Commanders don't, that would be the best content for the show. Obviously the Patriots aren't going to, but that was when I, no, I don't think, oh, Okay. So it's two separate Bets. Two separate bets. But like it's a Good bet and a bad bet.


Yeah. Yeah. I I think, Hey, you like Sharon Stone and Casino's, I don't understand. Like, this is just like, this is your team and your game. Like I'm, I'm completely separate. I was, I was completely, completely separate. I wasn't rooting for or against. And then somehow, well this Would be a pretty, a pretty key loss. Dick, this would be a pretty key loss for you to have in your back pocket to lose this game against the Cowboys fiction. For sure. For sure. So when I was picking up on your little tiny micro facial expressions, I was a hundred percent correct. I, I was sitting behind You and then you made me feel like I was insane for picking up on that. The suck. My dick was unwarranted. You deserved it. No, I didn't. You did. Yes you did. You in hindsight, Well, you didn't know it the Time. That's, I'm saying you found out a fact after afterwards that justifies it.


But it did not, it was not justified at the time Because I knew there was a reason. I knew you were rooting against Him. That's convenient for you to say and for you to have. But like, it, it's just, that's not how it works. No, I don't forget the word Hank says. I one feel vindicated because Yeah, PFT turned to me and was just like, Hey, you were right about Hank. And I was like, you shit, I was right about Hank. I've known this guy for an entire adult life is the, I've known Hank since he was 18 years old. It's not that he's rooting like specifically against your team. What he's rooting for is for maximum pain for everyone. That's what it is. So it's not like I care about the listeners. Yeah. It's not pft. If it makes you it's not, not a little better. It's not, it's not like it's not for me. It's not like he's personally attacking any one of us.


He's personally attacking all of us at the same time. Like he wants all of us to have pain on air. Yeah. At maximum amount of time. So it's like, it it, once you can realize it's not totally personal. He's just, he's just like the gritch. He's he's the gritch. He just wants us to, he his heart grows bigger as we get more depressed. No, no, No. Hank's not talking right now. It's false. That's false. That's all, that's all true. Partially true. That's all true. There's partial truth to get. That's true. But Here's the thing about Hank is he is allowed to root for that for the betterment of the stroke. No problem with that at all. And but then, then he makes these sneaky little bets to personally profit off of it. Yeah.


Like, like you, you don't have, And then he, and then You have to put that in. And then he, and then when I pick up on his excitement towards my misery, then he tells me that I'm a liar and that I can't pick up on anything. And then I find out later that yes, I was a hundred percent right and then Hank's making me out to be the bad guy. And poor little sweet innocent Hank is getting attacked by Big Cat and PFT for no reason other than existing whatsoever. Never said that. I, I can't, I can't fight a battle against a liar. No, That's, I'm not a liar. I will say again, part of what Big Cat is true, however, and if you go back to the early season, like I want what I do care ultimately not about myself, but about this show and the listeners. Thank you Hank.


Thank you. I would love it would truly from the bottom of my heart. Love it. If you, anyone on this team, maybe besides the Jets and maybe besides the Eagles, so pretty much everyone in, in this podcast to go on a be a legitimate contender and go on a playoff run. If I thought the Commanders could do that, I would bet on them to do it. If I thought the Bears could do that, I would bet on them to do it. And I would root for them to do that. They're not and that's not my fault. I agree that they're not. And with that being said now that it's like they're kind of in the playoff contention. It's like what's the best content for the show? They're definitely not gonna win the Super Bowl this year. So they might as well flame out. 'cause it would be funny to watch you crash out as you have. We, I sat in the studio for 20 minutes in dead silence.


It was the most awkward 20 minutes of my life before we started recording the show. Wait, When I Sat here, I down here silence. I didn't wanna silence. I don't say anything until we started. We've done This same thing. Hundreds, probably, probably thousands of times. And there's usually some level of banter, oration I care about. Listen, nothing, nothing. I care about the listeners. Nothing. I want them to hear, hear the real conversation. And because I like, I Don't know what I, because I care so deeply. And Hank you'll agree it's important to care about the listeners. You're you're mad of the Commanders. You I wanna take it on me. No, no, no. That's what, that's what this Is. It's so great that like, it it, it is great because you're A piece of shit. Like I Always knew that Kaiser Soze was with us and it took today for PFT to realize like, oh, shit's real. He literally turned to me and was just like, yeah, he's real. Everything you said is right, But why can't you say they're not gonna make the playoffs?


But I can't. That's true's you're allowed to. That's fair point. You're allowed to say that. Say it. You did say it, but then you made a sneaky bet and then, and then denied. It wasn't A sneaky bet. When did you make the bet? It It, it's on DraftKings all you can follow. Follow. When did you make it though? You can follow all of my picks on When did you make it on the Draft Kings betting group? I'm not hiding them. When when did You make the bet? Two weeks ago. I'll look up the exact Date. So it was, it was when PFD still thought they were gonna make the playoffs, when at which they still very much could make the play. And also at the same time Hank was saying that he might put a bet on the Commanders win The Super Bowl also, I also had the Commanders to win the Super Bowl. So are you, so, so like what is it that's, I bet that on that's fair point. November 5th. That's a fair point. What I thought they could do it. Okay. All So Hank I Thought they could do it. The sneak the sneaky. Then I watched them almost lose to the Bears and then I realized like they're just not that good.


And so on November 14th, I bet them not to make the playoffs. Okay. So the Sneaky bet At aspect comes exact. I bet the Patriots two make the Playoffs. The sneaky bed aspect doesn't come all by making the bet. It come, it comes from you acting like I'm crazy and and I'm attacking you for no reason. For it was for accurate, for accurately understanding where your heart was in this game. But I Wasn't rooting, I wasn't outwardly rooting for it. Like Straight. You were trying not to, but you were. I I picked up on it. I I we have the clips. I mean we can review, we can do all 22. Like there was, there was, 'cause I really didn't care one way or the Other. You weren't outwardly rooting. You, you were inwardly like miy rooting for it. Like I was just sitting there. I was, I it was more just like you turned around and it's like, you, you're mad, you're mad, you're mad.


I was like, what? You were, you were, you were upset. I picked up on that so I was smiling. Well see your little whispers and everything. So Hank, since you care deeply about the listeners I do, I also do care very deeply about the listeners and I hope that they, they enjoy whatever roller coaster on I thought about a hater bet to contradict Hank's hater bet. Mm. But a bigger hater bet simply doesn't exist Okay. Than what Hank has done. It's impossible to, I'd have to make my own Bet. Celtics not make the playoffs would crush Me. Yeah, I'm not gonna do that. But I do care about the listeners. So I decided to release the Drake May Lighthouse shirt. Now we can't sell the shirt because it's graphic, but what I would like to do is I would like to drop the graphic for the the Drake May Lighthouse shirt.


And then if any listeners make their own shirts, I will choose five of them and give them a hundred dollars cash. That shirt does, that shirt shouldn't be released. It's not released. Oh, we can't sell it. No, I know but the graphic, the graphic shouldn't be released. It's quite unsettling. It is unsettling. Yeah. I mean, you're a sick mind for making it, you're holding over my head forever. I don't really care when you're released. It, it's, it's, it's an indictment on you for releasing it. So that's fine. Okay. And coming up with it, I think it was a group effort when Hank said we sleep in May. I can't remember. Well I had nothing to do with it. I promise you that was, I I am uncomfortable with the graphic. I mean it's, I like I said, you're holding it, you're gonna hold it over my head forever.


So it's like, just release it. Like I don't care. No. Do you, don't release it now because just keep holding it over his head because you lose the power. But What about the listeners? Yeah. I mean I don't know if the, I don't know if they'll make, I mean I guess they could make a shirt. Yeah, he can make your own shirt. Hank Getting by a lighthouse. I think it's Hank I think Hank might be having with Drake May with the lighthouse. What? Yeah, because It's, we, because it's, we sleep In May. Drake May's in it. It's That it's very, I thought it was a lighthouse going up. Your I think Drake May is Drake May in He's holding the lighthouse. Is the lighthouse something Like that? I don't even remember this graphic. That's convenient. Well No I don't, I I think I saw it a total of one time. I wasn't the one who commissioned it.


Well, let's see it. I wanna see it now. I'm looking it up. Let's see, sleeping. We should just put it up on the, we should put it up on the video of the, let's put it up on the, on the YouTube and the rumble. Yeah. So people can see it if they're watching and they can use it. We're Releasing the graphic. Yeah, we're releasing the graphic on the video. So if you're li if you're listening right now on the podcast, go go watch it as well. So you can see the graphic. Let's find the graphic. We probably can't put that on YouTube. Why? We can, we can blur it. Okay. We probably blur it blur the entire thing. Yeah, we'll blur it. Yeah. Yeah. We'll have to blur it A little bit. That's President Pug. Sexual sexual 'cause it's sexual. Yes. Okay. Okay. So at, at the end of the day I can I see it. I haven't seen it in forever.


I can't remember what it looks like. Let see. It looks like they put, they made an addition to it. Okay. And they, you say they, that's you. No, No, no. They did after the Ryan Whitney Polar Bear fiasco. Oh you, oh so it's Hank Drake May. Yeah. I think it, that's it should, it should Be Drake May probably is not gonna love that one. Should be the lighthouse going up. Hank's ass. Sorry. Yeah. You wanna jeopardize my, you know, my future with my favorite QB. I'll keep that in mind. The moral of the story is the Washington Commanders are not a good football team. And Hank actually might be right. He might be right to put the be in because we're not a playoff team the way that we're playing in the last three weeks. Not a playoff team, not very good roster, not very good season in jeopardy.


But if you were to tell me that we would have seven wins this season back in September, I'd be pretty happy with that. Yeah. I mean you can't play that game 'cause you were seven and two. We were seven and two. Yeah. Can I ask you a question? Yep. Now having a rookie quarterback is a rollercoaster and it's not easy. And I've gone through some very, very big downs and had a few ups. Drake, you know, Bo Nicks has kind of done the same where he had some downs early then he is now he's looking up, he's probably should win Rookie of the year. Hank, you've had some up and downs with Drake. May, Jay Daniels has had to start was all ups. It's been down. What, what do we say about that?


He hasn't played great, but he has had a lot of drops and the offense as a whole has not looked good. Okay. I, I would put, I would put like 30 to 40% of the responsibility on Jayden Daniels. So no Concern, No long term, no concern. The betting market right now, I I haven't checked it since these games started. I was gonna say that I think as of right now, Bo Nicks should win Rookie of the Year. Yeah. He's been better for a longer period of time than Jayden, even though he got off to that electric start. And he also benefited from some like a prime time performance on Monday Night Football And, and you nerfing the Pepsi Ward and the Pepsi ward, which bow Nicks has dominated recently. So Pepsi Ward might, it might be a great indicator of who ends up winning Rookie of the year.


I don't think that the race is over by any means. No, I I think But Bow Nicks is playing the best ball right now. He's Playing the, the best ball right now. And Jane Daniels Has not, he was on an unsustainable stretch to start and it was as lights out as you could get and it's been not as lights out recently. Yeah, I agree. He, he has not played nearly as well in the second half of these 12 weeks as he did in the first half. And so it's a little concerning, but ultimately I don't think that anything really, the thing that changed with him was the injury and now he's, he looks like he's healthy for the first time. He was running pretty well today. I think he had 70 yards rushing. He looked fast. He didn't have any problem with his mobility today. So that is no longer the issue. But that was a part I think of the last like three games before today.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Because I mean, it felt like the, the offense didn't get going until the last three minutes. Yeah. It was like you guys were kind of stuck in mud for a long time for, and it was also not being able to run the ball. Yeah. We couldn't run the ball. Brian Robinson, it looked like his knee got exploded in the, in the first quarter and then he came back and obviously wasn't healthy. But yeah, we, we struggled to run the football today. Offensive line had two injuries on it. It was, it was a bad day. It was a bad day to be a Commanders fan against a team that I was hoping that we would be significantly better then. And we're just not, I you can't say looking at the rest of the schedule for the Commanders, you can't say that we should win any of these games. Like we have the Titans at home.


If you'd asked me last week, I'd be like, that's a win. Yep. Now I'm not so sure that it is. Yep. We've got the Falcons at home. I can't count on that being a win. We got the Cowboys Week 18. That's not a, a win anymore obviously because we just lost them today. So Yeah. Things are, things are not great. The, I mean, listen, I think Jane Daniels would be fine overall. It's just, this is what happens with rookie quarterbacks and we're, I mean we're gonna talk about CJ Stroud next, like that's what happens with young quarterbacks ups and downs. Like where it's like, it's just one week it feels great and one week it doesn't. Also shout out Cooper Rush. 'cause he did play well. He did. He he was very good and he was back to like being a competent Cooper Rush backup and the Cowboys in general, like they were dead.


They were, they were dead men walking the last few games they'd been getting killed. So this is kind of like the any given Sunday Michael Parsons actually kind of right, because he said he was like, I think we're better than what we were, we're showing and they played better today. And the, the defense was pressuring Jayden Daniels all day and the Cowboys like, this is still gonna be a horrendous Thanksgiving game. Cowboys Giants, but maybe not as much on the Cowboys part as it is on the Giants part. Also credit to Mike McCarthy. Yeah. The team didn't quit. He was so mad that what's his name ran in that onside kick. Yeah. That because that really was so stupid. He should have gone down at the game was over the 10 yard line. Right. He should've just gone immediately down and the game's over and said we had a a chance for another Hail Mary at the end and that would've been incredible.


But yeah, Mike McCarthy coached a really good game. The guys were ready to play except what is going on with Ezekiel Elliot? I don't know whenever he gets the ball. I don't even think that he runs with the ball anymore. No. I think he just gets it and kind of walks forward and gets tackled and then he is like, all right. Yeah. It's very strange watching him get carries. Yeah. He's old and bad. Okay. Anything else in this game? Hank? No. Congrats to the cowboy. It's a good win. Good, good bet. No, there's a lot of games to be played. So Hank's Bet might end up being a good bet. How, what was the, What were the odds Would say it probably is a good bet plus 400. Oh, it probably is a good bet. It's Good value. However, the sneaky aspect of the bet is where I realized that bet that was publicly, that Hank's entire, his entire veneer of being right down the middle and and being good guy Hank, bad guy.


Bad guy man. Wait, wait, wait, wait. When did I ever say I was right down the middle? Bad guy. Hank. I'm, I never said him right down the middle bad guy. Gaslight. I mean, you guys are still up right now, you're still in the playoffs if the playoffs started today. Yep. And you, I mean I think you guys, I don't know. It it basically, it comes down to like if one or two of the NFC West teams can, can win games and not all of them beat up on each other. Yeah. Like one or two of 'em run away with it. Also. The bucks are lurking. They're they're definitely in it, but I I think you guys will still make It. I also blame Jay-Z. Yeah. Why is he at the game? I thought it was Troy Aikman first.


Did Anyone ask him about Diddy? Will Compton? Have you Seen those? Have you seen those clips? It's so funny. Like TMZ people just asking random celebrities about Diddy. Yeah. And their just response is always like, they've seen a ghost and they just like hustle into the car. I, I would like to know the answer to that. I just, anytime you've got like Jay-Z showing up outta nowhere to your game. Yeah, that's a good, that's a good sign that maybe your, your team has been overhyped a little bit too much. Yeah. And Mi and Michael Rubin with him. Okay, next game. Another crazy, I would say upset that we didn't expect the Titans 32, the Texans 27 Titans. I, this was, this couldn't have started more Titans esque in the fact that the Texans ran back a kick.


What? 60 yards. And then the second or third play of the game, the Texans scored it was seven. Nothing. You're like, oh, this is over. Like they, they got no chance. But Will Levis will Levis is fun because he throws bombs, he takes Sacks, threw a pick six all over the place, but they get a win. And I really walk away from this game being like, is are the Texans good? I don't think, I don't know if they are. I see. I don't think that they've been good all year. Yeah, well they been like clunky all year. They've been clunky, but they've never been good, they've never been as good this season as they were last year. Their offense doesn't look good. And I know the Texans fans are now openly asking for Bobby Lovick to be fired. So he was a guy that was a hot name for for head coaching.


Yeah. Last year. And now they're asking for him to be fired because the offense looks so bad. Yeah. I just think that this is what they've been, well, Well they beat the, well they beat the bills. They started five and one. So there was definitely a time when everyone's like, oh, they're really good. Or at least, you know, they were winning games. They're line camp block. They have I feel like the most amount of unforced errors and penalties against them every single time. Even Kimie Fair Baron missed a chip shot that would've tied the game. And then you had CJ Straub running outta the back of the end zone. I just, they're just not a very good team overall. Like they're, they're gonna win the A FC South, but I don't trust them at all because you kind of are what you are. And every time I watch them they'll have like spurts where it was like everything will click and Nico Collins will be running down the field and it will look great and then they'll have quarters where it's just false start or holding and CJ Stroud throwing the ball away and like just everything looking broken.


Yeah. No, I they haven't beaten teams that they're supposed to beat by like a significant margin. I I haven't been super impressed with them all season long. I don't, I don't know what the quick answer is for 'em because they, they seem to have taken a step back from what they were last year at least. And this is what expectations will do to you. Yeah. Because nobody expect anything from the Texan last year. They look good for most of the season. Then you build that up into year two and you think, okay, sky's the limit year two. And then now they just, you know, they're only, what, what's the record now? They're What, six and five I believe 7, 5, 7, 7 7, 5 7 And five then and then there's seven and five and you're like, the sky's falling. This is bad. The good news is you get to play, I believe the Titans might be their last game of the season.


Oh they Just lost them. Yeah. But again, yeah, like if you look at their schedule, they have, they've got some pretty tough game games come up. I think they have like the Ravens the Chiefs At some point. Yeah. They play the Chief's Ravens, sorry, Dolphins, Chiefs Ravens In a row. Yeah. Dolphin Chiefs Ravens. That's gonna be very tough. Yeah. Blind resume for you. Ready from week three on. So if you can remember what happened in week two, and I'm just gonna keep this completely by, I'm not gonna reveal who these two guys are. 11 touchdowns, nine interceptions, and then that's QBA and then QBB is 11 touchdowns three interceptions. So when we saw the, what we thought was the Lil Broing at the time, I don't know what you're talking about.


That was, that was a passing of the torch. I don't know what you're talking about. That was a blind re that was his as blind of a blind resume as it could get because I'll never reveal what I'm referring to and which, which two quarterbacks that might've met at midfield after Sunday night Football game week two. So Player A, Lil Brode, player B. But he was really saying You 11 touchdowns, nine interceptions, you got next 11 touchdowns, three interceptions You said you got next. It is interesting. Listen, CJ Stroud I think is still gonna be fine, but if you're a Texans fan, you might be like, I could have used like a couple less podcasts in the off season where remember when he did his top five quarterbacks and named himself three maybe a like the NFL Can't Humble You Quickly.


And that was his third multi interception game. He only had one last year. I think CJ Stroud's still gonna be phenomenal, but running Outta the End Zone was not, not ideal. And it feels like there's been a little bit of humble pie because we, I listen, we all, we all partook in it where we're like given the contract, you take CJ St. Strout over anyone. Yeah. You know, we, we we're as guilty as, as CJ Strout is, but it is the NL is really hard to be good year in year out. I'm not saying that Texans fans are doubting CJ Stra long term. No, I don't think they are. But you Shouldn't. But what I am saying is that maybe this week, for the first time in a long time, the phrase Ohio State quarterback question mark entered your head.


But that doesn't mean that you're doubting, that's a perfectly natural reaction. It's a perfectly natural reaction. I I think Nicole said it best. She's a, she's a Texan fan that called into the post game show. Yeah. And she said that Kami Fair Baron and Bobby Sleek are being bought off by the NFL cartel Oh. To throw games. Oh. And she also believes that the cartel is after CJ Stroud too. Oh, Okay. And then they cut her off because she was getting emotional. Have you guys seen that meme of the guy who looks like CJ Stroud? Yeah, it's like a junkyard cjr. That one's tough. Yeah. Yeah, there it is. It's right there. Year two cjr after he spent all summer doing podcasts and def and defenses got tape on him. Yep. That's tough. I just think that, it's funny to think that the N ffr, the NFL cartel wants to see will Levi and the Tennessee Titans be successful.


Yeah. And that the, the nation's fourth most populous city should not get any publicity. Yes, yes. By the way, we should talk real quick about the Titans because I, this is, I this basically I, every single week I was like, I'm not giving up on the Titans, I'm not giving up on the Titans. I should have been giving up on the Titans. I bet 'em again this week. And finally I feel vindicated because they have pieces of their team that are not terrible. Their special teams are terrible, but their defense is good and Will Levis is, I mean he's up and down, but the ups are great. Like they were big, big chunk plays that he went for big touchdown throws. And he also is the first quarterback since 1970 to have 105 plus passer rating in a three game span in which he was sacked 20 plus times.


So he basically just gets killed and still finds a way to make passes and throw it downfield. I mean the pick six was horrendous, but everything else was good. So, and, and hey remember to Tony Pollard? Yeah. He's 22 yards away from having a thousand. He was awesome today. That's pretty crazy that he said that could of A season Powell. Yeah, Tony Pollard's been good. So the Titans deserves some credit. Like they are not going anywhere this year, but they, it feels like they have the structure for our future if they can maybe get some offensive line help in the draft. I think Brian Callahan's gonna be a very good coach in this league. I, you know, will Levis is, it's good and bad if you can get, if you can just take away some of the bad, the good is really, really good.


And this is a a good moment too for Titans fans because you ultimately do want to lose as many games as possible, but you should still keep that hatred for your division rival. Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. And yeah, where are the Titans right now? In, in Tanka, hon? I mean that was what their third win. They're, they're not a bad fo they're, they are a bad football team, but they're not like if you watch 'em, they basically, every game they, they will start well and then they'll just fall apart and they almost fell apart today. But the Texans like the pick six felt like it was gonna be backbreaking and they just kept on fighting. Yeah. So they deserve a lot of credit for this game and that was a big win. 'cause I do, I am a believer in, you can't just totally lose out.


You have to, you have to keep fighting and for culture going forward, continuity, especially for a new coach, you, you wanna win a couple games here and there so that you can be like, hey, remember we were pretty close. Yeah. Also, if you're a new coach and, and you're being asked to tank and you do tank, then that's the kind of coach that should be fired after that season. Yes. I wanna see a new coach be very disobedient to the front office. Correct. When they tell them like, Hey, foot off the gas. Correct. Correct. Okay. Also, did you know that in Texas, in Houston, in the the press box, they have a ranch fountain? No. That's awesome. They Have a fucking ranch fountain up There. I would prefer a blue cheese and blue cheese guy over ranch. I know that is spicy take for some. Yeah, the ranch fountain.


Hey, I got a, I got a question for you guys. I was getting shit online this morning that look at that cool Ranch Fountain. Wait, is there hot sauce too? Yeah, it's buffalo sauce. They, I'm in for the buffalo sauce. They got buffalo Sauce ranch and I think they've got nacho cheese fountain too. That's Sick. The fountain game is very strong in Houston. Do you guys like cranberry sauce on Thanksgiving? I like a tiny bit to dip some of my like stuffing or Turkey Into, I mix it in with my stuffing just A little bit. Not a lot. Yeah, I was getting shit on for it. I was like, I just throw it in there. The correct mean. It's a staple. I like to do the big mashup where I just have like Turkey stuffing, mashed potatoes, cranberry sauce, gravy. And it all is just like one food. It's a Staple for a reason. I think the, the correct ratio is like 20% of the size of the mashed potatoes.


I go Like that's, that's how, that's how much two scoops cranberry you should have. I go two, two tablespoons of, of cranberry sauce. Yeah. I don't, I I like cranberry sauce. Adds a little sweetness to it. Okay, next up Vikings 30 Bears 27. Listen, I'm not going to beat doom and gloom, although that was, the Bears are kind of inventing new ways to lose, like it's this five or whatever game losing streak we're on right now. I think it's five. We've had everything a Hail Mary, a couple quick games, a block field goal and overtime comeback or you know, come back to go to overtime and then lose again. So they just find new ways to like reel me in and then spit me back out.


I said last week and I, I, I believe this is like as long as Caleb keeps looking good and wins and or and like looks better in spite of Matt Ebra flu, that fucking moron, I'll be happy. So I'm not gonna change my goals for the season. Caleb look Good. This is a great day for all the like post Shane Waldron stats. Yeah. Like if you just look at before he was fired and after he was fired, this is gonna be a nice little, you're gonna have a great graphic by the end of the season that show two like separate halves of Caleb's progression offensively. It's actually, and this is gonna, people are gonna say I'm crazy and I know I'm drinking the Kool-Aid, whatever. I actually think Caleb Williams, he's my personal rookie of the year because what he was able to do with Shane Waldron as a coach is maybe the most impressive thing ever.


And I mean like actually want to keep playing football. Like not just quit football altogether. 'cause Thomas Brown coming in, everything looks different. The ball gets out so fast, guys are open. DJ Moore's being used correctly. Keenan Allen, they're targeting Cole Comet. Like he looked good today. And I, I think the, the one thing that has kind of faded here is the Bears Defense is not as good. They got torched by Jordan Addison torched. They was clear they were gonna not let Justin Jefferson beat him. And Jordan Addison went and beat him. But Mad Loo is a doofus and he's 1431 as a head coach. All he does is lose one score games, which he did again.


And so like whatever, just get rid of him and Caleb keep looking good. I think Thanksgiving might be a really, really bad situation because I think the Lions might put up like a 50 burger on us, but I don't care. It's all about Caleb Williams and if he can survive this season getting a little bit better each week, I'm gonna be just as bullish in the off season because like how did he survive the idiot that is Matt Ebra flues and Shane Walter. So it might be a good thing to have a rookie quarterback and give them like the dumbest possible offensive coordinator for the first eight weeks just so that it becomes so much more easy for them with a competent guy. Yeah. I like that take with Ebra flues. This shouldn't have been a one score game though. Like the end of this game was crazy. He, he backdoored his way into a one score Game.


Yeah. I mean, Caleb started making some big time throws. I mean, tho the, the throw he made to Deandre Swift down the sideline, the throw he made to DJ Moore to get into field goal range at the end of the game was an absolute laser. So far, the Vikings who have a pretty good defense, there's only been one quarterback that has 300 yards and two tds and no turnovers since Caleb Williams. So as much as I, people want me to be down, I, I, he looked good. So I, I mean, getting another kick blocked was very funny. You had, you had the best loss of the week, I'd say. Yeah. I wish we hadn't reeled all the way back in and the overtime did not look good. 'cause the overtime was a combo of Caleb getting sacked, false start penalty.


And then Matt Ebra flu's coaching scared and having everyone off the ball. And Sam Donald went six for six for 90 yards. Sam Donald, by the way, played great. He, I was going into this game being like, we need to, you know, have Sam Donald to have a couple mistakes to be in this game. He didn't make any mistakes and he's a tough motherfucker 'cause he got hit hard a couple times. And the Vikings are good, but I just, I, I can't be upset because I told my past self, as long as Caleb looks good, you can't be upset. And so I can't be upset. I have a question for you Big Cat. Did Matt Ilu know that they could Lose the game with a field goal At the End? Yeah, I think so. Okay. 'cause the defense was like, yeah. Playing. They were but maybe not against 30 yard past.


Yeah. Yeah. No, it was crazy. It was just, it was really strange. It was insane. And yeah, he's, he's a, he's a bad, bad, bad head coach and he needs to be gone. But I'm not even, I'm like Matt Heber flus. I, you can't bother me anymore, dude. D Weber flus. He's the worst. What, what do you think Hank? Sorry, I was distracted by Rob Lowe. Do I have a realistic take on this game? Yeah, you do. You've, you've gotten past the doom and gloom. That's good. Yeah. Productive. We're not gonna to the playoffs. No, we're not gonna, I mean, I would like to win a couple of these games just for Caleb's sake. That, that would be the next step. Because it does feel like I'm kind of in the back, the same spot I was last year and the year before where it's like, win a couple games so that your rookie quarterback or your young quarterback can get the confidence.


That part sucks. 'cause that is Groundhog's Day. But other than that, if Caleb looks good, I, nothing else can bother me. Yeah. What he's got else, he's got something where he's got something, let it go. Let go, let go. He's Got something. I don't, I wanna ask a question, but I'm gonna call school. But it's, you know, again, like it's a, it's a genuine question. Ask It. Yeah. Yeah. Because you are the one that brings this, this thing up all the time Yeah. Is the reverse record. And if you guys win a couple more games like that, your Yeah. Reverse Record of one score games Yeah. Is, is might come back to be painful Because That's, there's three off the top of my head. I dunno if there's any Noise.


It w yes, it was pa it it would be painful, especially With two divisional games. Yeah. It would be painful if it weren't for the Cardinals in the Patriots game. Those quick games sandwiched in. But If you win, if you, if you, you know Yeah. No run at end of the year, we had, if a Hail Mary doesn't happen and a block field goal doesn't happen And we, I mean this game, we shouldn't have like won. True. Yeah. The onside kick was Good. Yeah. The onside kick. That was actually my biggest gripe with this game is I feel like we wasted an onside kick. Yeah. 'cause we probably were never gonna win this game. Well, I think if You get, if you take it to overtime, not a wasted onside kick. No, I'm saying like, we need that onside kick in a season when we're actually trying to go to the playoffs. Oh, You mean like macro zoom out over the Yeah, Yeah. In your life, you only have so many successful onside kicks that you'll watch your teams do.


Today was a wasted one. That feel right? Yeah. I get like, you just know it deep down. You're like, you can't, it's, it's like the whole, whenever you have like a big moment, you're like, one time for me, you can't say one time every single time. You know that that's not gonna happen. One. Like, but this was the one time it happened and I feel like it might be wasted. It's like if you Get hot at a shoot around, you're just shooting the basket by, by yourself. Yeah. And you hit like 10 in a row from three, and then you go, you play a pickup game next week and you can't make a bucket. Yeah. Yeah. My only other note, hater note, I guess I, I wouldn't say that it is, but the sack he took in overtime, you can't Yeah. It was a bad sack. No, it was bad. You can't, that's, you gotta just throw the ball away. It was bad that that was a bad sack.


And it's still not perfect. I'm not saying the Caleb's like, let, like, like a finished product, but it's, it's, it looked so bad for the last three games of Shane Waldron. So to have the last two games look good again, gives me new life and make, and like he, he's, he's playing free again. He's not, he's not mentally locked up. He's throwing the ball. He's seeing it, throwing it. He's running, throwing it hard. Yeah. So I, it's Winning divisional games with a rookie quarterback is very Hard. Very hard. Very hard. It's good to fight. It's weird you would say that. No. It's like, if you keep 'em within one score, that's, that's great. Yeah. Quarterback. It's a good job For sure. Yeah. I mean like losses or losses is whether they're 1.2 points, whether, you know, you could have won at the two point conversion and chose to kick a field goal and then miss the extra point.


Or if you, you know, lose by 20, it doesn't matter. Loss Of loss. Loss Is loss. Loss is a loss. And yeah, the Vikings, I, Sam Donald, I expected Sam Donald to start to melt, but he was thought he was A gun right Now. It's a good thing that we're in Chicago. Yeah. No guns here, By the way, did you guys see one of the weirdest quirks in this game when Jordan Addison had that big catch and run down the sideline? They had Matt Be's challenge that didn't win the challenge. He, he's, I think he's o for lifetime and challenges. They had a view that they, that showed that Jordan Addison might've stepped outta bounds, but they couldn't use it because it, it was the boundary cam.


Yeah. And not every stadium has the boundary cam. So for equity of the game, you're not, so they had the view, but the rest were not allowed to use it. So Apparently you can use 'em for expedited reviews If it, it's a scoring play. The league Can call it in if it's a scoring play and they know the information. But If it's a challenge, you can't, that's bullshit. How stupid is that? Do we have access to these Boundary cams? I don't know. I I just saw the, the mike per was on, he was like, yeah, this is the boundary cam. You can't use the boundary cam here. There, he might've stayed in bounds too. So it doesn't really, This is why we need, but that's bullshit. We need the super challenge. Yeah. The super challenge should include the boundary cams as well. Yes.


Absolutely. Absolutely. Should include it. Credit to the Vikings though. They're gonna the playoffs and they're, they're a good team. Sam Toner looked very good today. Yeah. He's, his mobility has gotten so much better in the last couple years. Well, and, and he's like moving around the Pocket. And the big thing is, if Jordan Addison's gonna be like that, the, because it really was The Bears were like, we're knocking, gonna let Justin Jefferson beat us. I think he had seven yards before overtime he had a big catch in overtime. But if Jordan Addison's gonna be that good. The Vikings are a very big problem. Memes. How do you feel about potentially bringing Sam home this week? This week? No, I mean, like last week you were out on it the week before you were maybe in on it. Now Sam darn the quarterback for the New York Jets 2025.


What are your thoughts? Mm, I'm at fuck it mode. So yeah, just bring 'em in. Okay. Hey, memes. Did you see the latest Jets thing? Yeah. Yeah, I saw it. Well, actually I think we, I think's we're in a source, right? I think there's multiple things. I don't know if I Saw Big Cat. What was it? Well, There's multiple things. I, let's save the Rogers stuff for maybe who's back I was talking about the anecdote that Woody Johnson landed his helicopter practice. Oh yeah. And Joe Douglas turned to Jeff Ulrich and was like, if he's coming to fire me, it's been an honor serving with you. And then he literally was coming to fire him. Yeah. The New York Jets are the TV show succession.


I just love that was, that's insane. To like, there, there's like the person who, who was sourced and it was like, yeah. They had a good chuckle about it. And then minutes later Woody Johnson pulled Joe Douglas off the field and fired him. Has anything good ever happened after a billionaire stepped off a helicopter? No. No. I can't think of anything. No. That's, yeah, that's not, that feels bad. Okay. Chiefs 30, Panthers 27 Bryce Young. Is he back? Dude, Bryce Young. I think he might be Back. He was awesome today. And, and I know Awesome is relative. Like, you're not gonna look at his numbers and be like, holy shit. He was so good.


He was awesome in the fact that the, the, the, the Chiefs were blitzing him nonstop and he looked composed, didn't make any big mistakes. There was one where like, they, they brought the house and he just stood in there, hit his guy, like, kept on going. He had two fourth quarter drives for a touchdown. This was, or sorry, scoring drives. This was only the third time in the Andy Reed Chiefs era, where a team scored on 75% of their drives against them. That's pretty crazy. That was Bryce Young today. Yeah. So I'm, I'm happy for Panthers fans because it's been a tough couple of years. And I don't know, I mean, Bryce Young looked like he was 11 for thirteen, a hundred thirty five yards in a TD versus the blitz today.


Yeah. And that's good. And they, they were down 11 points in the fourth quarter. And Bryce Young, he, he brought them back on those drives and they might've taken this to overtime. And Patrick Mahomes did the thing that Patrick Mahomes does. Yeah. When he runs with the football. And then defenses assume that he's going to slide Yep. Or he is gonna go outta bounds. So they let up, because they know if you hit Patrick Mahomes even like a quarter of a second late, you're gonna get flagged for it every single time. Yep. And then he does a thing where he just keeps on going. Yeah. He's like, oh yeah, I'm not gonna stop. And then peeled off another like 15, 20 yards. Yeah. A 33 yard run down the sideline. That was just vintage. Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs just keep, I mean, it's crazy the Panthers are in this game.


'cause I, I think if you have to look at anything, you kind of know what the Chief's offense is. Maybe they'll get a little bit better when Hollywood Brown comes back and maybe Rashish Rice. I don't know. The Chief's defense has not looked as good as it did to start the season. I think Spags will probably get it figured out. But Bryce Young, I mean, he had a nice day against him, so he went up and down the field against Him. Do you think, do you think Panthers fans are like, may, maybe just Bryce Young next season too? Yeah. I think he's Played well enough recently where he, you might, you might be happy with him Now. I listen, I it's not the craziest thing. He's, he's looked better and you already have him under contract.


Like, I don't know. You don't wanna Why not? Why not? Because here's The thing. The, right now, you might be finding yourself in a, a New York giant situation where if Bryce goes to another team and he plays really well, you can't live with that. That's true. You can't live with yourself. That's true. If Bryce Young even has like a moderately successful career for somebody else. That's True. You Can't do that. You just have to just kind of keep him around. Yeah. And hope that this, this trend keeps to progress. And if it doesn't, you can bench him again. Maybe he'll get even better after you bench him a second time. You Wanna, you want a blind resume? Yeah. Quarterback a last two games. Two touchdowns, three interceptions, quarterback B. Last two games, two touchdowns, zero interceptions.


Oh, I think quarterback A might be the same quarterback from the earlier blind resume. Yeah. We've kept quarterback A consistent. Yeah. Consistent. And then quarterback B is probably Bryce Young. Yes. Quarterback B is Bryce Young. Hey listen, Big Cat Ohio State University quarterbacks Yes. Can't make it to the FL The NFLI. I do think though that Patrick Mahomes might be the Fastest slow guy on the planet. He, well, his speed is deceiving in that he's slower than he looks. Yeah. So he like gets you kind of, he gets guys coming fast and then he kind of gives a hezie. It's, yeah, he's incredible running the ball. And you know, this was a game that it felt like the Chiefs, the Chiefs are just gonna play in this game every week, I guess no matter who the competition is.


And then they're gonna win the majority of them. I think we should make a ruling though, on Chiefs fans, whether or not they're allowed to post the graphic that is can't wait to watch the Chiefs play football for the first part of it. And then along I'm going to kill myself. Wait. And then at the end. Nice. We won. No, I don't think they should be here. That's Not Allowed. I've, I've seen it. You've won? No. Yes, I've seen it. And I think you won Three Super Bowls. You can't use that. I think We should make a public statement about it. National Sports Podcast. If there's Any Chiefs fans complaining about being 10 in one and going for a a three. Well, no, the meme is just at the, the rollercoaster games. But it doesn't matter. They always win. I Know. Yeah. They always win. It's true. The memes should just be, we have Patrick Mahomes, this kicks ass.


Yeah. Their biggest, their biggest complaint that Chiefs fans have right now is like, our tight end is too famous. Yeah. There, There the memes should be Can't wait to watch chief's football. Oh shit. We don't look that good. But we have patch from home, so we'll probably win. Yeah. Nice. I was right. Sick. That's, that's crazy. It is Crazy isn't It? That's a crazy thing to do. They, there's certain, certain memes that should be held exclusively for, for loser franchises. Yes. And as card carrying members of loser franchises. Yes. This is where we need to step up and say, my, my culture is not your costume. No. Yep. Nope. You can't if you're, if you're a chief state, you can't. At no point. Even if you lost this game today, who the fuck cares?


Hank, you don't get to Claim Loser franchise. Oh, I thought current. My bad. Yeah. Is Noah great tight end one. He might be, if you look at the stats between him and Kelsey. Yes. Interesting. What's that? Memes. He's got three touchdowns in the last two. My bad. I'm just telling p the pull stuff up back here. Yeah. Noah Gray's got three touchdowns in the last two games. He might be tight. End one. Do you think there's, do you think there's any cha? No, I'm not gonna do it. What? No, I was, I was gonna talk about Noah Gray and, And maybe his prospects. Yeah, no, I was gonna say, I'm not gonna say anything. I'll just ask the question. Is he married?


Does he have a podcast? Let's see. Noah Gray wife. Oh yeah, she looks nice. Okay, great. So good for Noah Gray scored three touchdowns the last two weeks. That's fucking sick. Two touchdowns today. And you're Married to a beautiful lady. Yeah. You, you basically have it all. You have it all. You have it all. And your Patrick from Holmes's Favorite Target. Yeah. Yeah. Life is Pretty good. This is sick. This is sick for you. Okay. Anything else from this game? It was good. This was another one where it was like, 'cause I, I, we'll get to the Lions cults. I I, I had these ugly, it was my week where I was like, I'm just gonna bet all the ugly teams. So I bet the Titans, I bet the Panthers.


I bet the Cols. It was good that they like the cults hurt, but these two teams showing up and the Panthers almost winning this game felt good. If, If the Chiefs didn't lose last week, I think they lose this game. They Might've. Yeah. It would've. The the, the meme would've been correct. It would, the prophecy would've been accurate. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's take a break for a couple ads and then we will talk about your team. Hank. Wait. Is this that true that the Chiefs have now won 10 games for 10 years in a row? You don't get to use the thing That's crazy. You don't get to use the, the 'cause we're nice. We won thing. Because guess what I, I was gonna say this for the Lions thing, but the Lions have won 10 games for consecutive seasons for the first time in their 95 year history.


Yeah. They've won 10. I guess that makes sense because of Alex Smith. Right? Like they, they would rip off wins. They weren't throwing, they weren't throwing touchdowns to wide receivers for like two Seasons. And they were still winning 10 games a year. No. Okay. It's not. Oh yeah. It is. 2014. 2014 was the last time they won less than 10 games. That's insane. That's very impressive. You cannot use that meme. No, you can't report that meme. Anyone who sees that meme tag us. We'll report it. That person is, that's bullshit. That actually makes me mad. Okay, let's take a break and when we come back we'll talk a little Patriots. Dolphins. Yes.


Before we get back to the games are brought to you by our good friends over at Gametime. If you're looking to get into an NFL game, use Gametime. The best places are the best seats. It's the only place that you can find the best deals. For the best seats, especially last minute, use their new feature Gametime Picks. Let's see what's going on with the Harbaugh Ball. Hank, can you see what, what the get in cost is gonna be Surely for the, the Ravens and the Chargers on Monday Night Football? It's football season. We can't wait to get out to some games. Gametime always hooks it up through their official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature, they're making it easier than ever to get into a game. Gametime picks filters out all the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. If you're looking for those seats to get into Monday Night Football, what are they? Hank $85 Is The get in price to Monday Night Football. $85. If you're looking for seats at any game. College NFL, check it out on Gametime. They've got the best deals and the Gametime picks feature at the top of the screen. That's where you want to go. For great seats and heavy discounts. The best deals they sort it out for you. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT easily score great deals with a new Gametime picks. What time is it? It's Gametime.


These games are also brought to you by our good friends over at Aura Frames. If you're looking for a holiday gift, tell you what the Aura frame is the best you can do. The best gifts always feel like they were picked out just for you. That's why I love Aura Digital picture frames. During the holidays, you can give your mom and grandpa the same gift and you can completely personalize it with all their favorite pictures. Wirecutter called Aura Frames the best digital photo frame and it's easy to see why it takes no time to set up and get connected. And then you can add the perfect photos and videos yourself from the app. It just connects to your photo library. You click the ones that you want. It couldn't be easier. For a limited time, visit Aura Frames dot com and get $45 off or bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code PMT at checkout. It's a URA frames.com promo code PMT. It's an excl, an exclusive Black Friday, cyber Monday deal. It's their best of the year, so don't miss out terms and conditions apply.


Okay. Dolphins 34 Patriots 15. Now Hank, you told us that you bet the Patriots make the playoffs. They got absolutely smoke today. Yeah, no, the last two weeks they've gotten exposed on defense pretty bad and their offensive line has been even worse. Yeah, They can't stop. I listen, I'm not a football guy. I'm a football guy, guy, Guy. Wait, I thought you were a huge foot football fan. He, you Just root for the game. You said that at the beginning of the show, you said that you just love Football. I'm talking X's nos. Oh, I'm just being honest. I don't know the game. I never played the game. Like when I hear Coach Gruden talk about the X's and nos, like that shit goes right over my head when I look at a defense.


But you love, I can't read it game, but I enjoy watching it. Enjoy Your even I know. Even I know. Wait, hey, Quick question That You, you enjoy the game of football? Yeah. You enjoy like pit pit football on a set pit Saturday state? Just Only on Sundays. Just Only on Sundays. Okay. My teams, I enjoy watching my teams play football. Okay. Which I think is pretty common. Washington. Yeah. Even Washington. Not the Commanders. No. He enjoyed it today. That's true. The Patriots can't stop a slant like that. Like it's the most obvious thing in the world. Like it's, they the last two games bad team to Have that against. 'cause They just, they just fucking Dolphins just run diagonally. But the but the Rams did it too.


Yeah, they did it all game. They just run diagonally in the middle of the field is wide open. And again, like, I don't know much, but I know that that should not be as easy as it has been the last two weeks. And today it was, it was unstoppable. They, I think they went three and out in the first drive and then just didn't stop getting first downs for the rest of The game. You guys also struggled to cover tight ends. It felt like Johnny Smith, everything is just always open. Everything in the middle of the field wide open. Yeah. Jalen Waddle made his comeback today. Big time. He was All over the place. Yeah. Tua was awesome. I mean, I think the Dolphins might be back. We'll, we'll find out. 'cause the, the best part about the Dolphins right now, they, they were okay then UA gets hurt and obviously the bottom fell out.


And now that he's back, they've looked really good in the last three weeks. Obviously they lost the, the bills with the last two weeks they won. And I think there was a, that was, there was that weird. Cardinals lost too mixed in there. But they're five and six. They're in the, the race for the a FFC Playoffs. And now they have to go to Lambo on Thursday night And we get to decide whether the Dolphins are still the Dolphins or this team could maybe make the Playoffs because cold weather Dolphins will tell us everything. And they have three cold weather games remaining on their schedule. 'cause they finished with at the Browns and at the Jets. So they, they Asked too about the cold weather coming up. Okay. And his response was, I'm excited to kill narratives. Love, Let's go bring it on.


Because it's A narrative to Vo a destroyer of na of narratives. I think these Dolphins are different from last year's Dolphins. Oh. I think that maybe getting shamed into the whole fraud discussion last year. I think that might've made them more prepared for this year where nobody thinks they're a fraud. Oh. Where they had, they're they're used to adversity at this point. Yeah. They've been getting shit on for the last eight months. I mean, UA looks great. Yeah. He's at five, five games in a row. 70% passing completion or, or better. He had four touchdowns today. They did whatever they wanted. Like even the score 34 15 isn't really like it, what was it was 24 or nothing at half.


Yeah. And I feel like the Dolphins could have just kept scoring if they wanted to. Yeah. The, the Dolphins and Chop Robinson looks good. Yeah. Shout Chop all time. Football name. He Looks great. Yeah. Jalen Waddle has been rediscovered down in Florida also. How, How about the fact that John Smith's good? Yeah. Johnny Smith. John Smith Is g like the offense runs through John Smith. He couldn't guard him today. He was always open and he Has a touchdown every single game in the last three weeks. My only problem with Jalen Waddle is that he said that the penguin dance is off limits now. Oh no. He's done doing it Because of the penguin show He's doing. He's not doing the Waddle anymore because he said that people asking him in public to do it got to be a little bit much. You can't, you can't take that away from people.


You gotta give people what they want. If you're scoring touchdowns, you gotta do the waddle. I also like Mike McNat McDaniel after the game brought his, brought his baby daughter in. Yep. And he just openly said it. You know, some coaches out there, not to name any names, some coaches will bring their children with him to the press conferences afterwards and use them as human shields. Correct. But Mike McDaniel was like, yeah, I just wanted you guys to ask me easy questions. That's why I brought my infant daughter in here. Yeah. And the first question was, why are you such a great dad? That's great. It works. Yeah. That's great. Yeah. Smart by him. So Hank, are you worried at all about Gerard Mayo? Definitely. Yeah. That quote he had, he said talking about the errors.


Yeah. He said once, once those guys crossed the sideline, there's nothing I can do for them. There's nothing any coach can do for them once they cross the sideline. It's my job to continue to prepare them, But they're crossing the sideline and doing terrible, which means you're not doing good. Preparing. Yeah. You gotta prepare them and then 'cause it, I Also feel like there is something, you know, you can't say that. It's kind of like the, the mutiny thing when it's like there's things you, he's not, he's not very well media trained. And once they're across the sideline, you still are getting calls into the offense and defense. Yeah. Like, hey, defense. And he's a defensive coach. That's really where it's, I lose it a little bit where it's like he's a defensive coach and our defense looks so bad.


Yeah. So Yeah. 'cause I thought you guys were in that frisky category where it was like, and he even said it, I think he's like, we wanna be the team that no one, one play wants to play at the end. You need a good defense for that. Yeah. Like you need it Turns out it was just the Bears quitting and like being lifeless and Shane Waldron that made that thought percolate. Yeah. In theory it, it should be you have a defensive coach, the defense is standing up and then you know, your rookie qb. There might be some good, there might be some bad, but you can turn together some wins. The rookie QB is playing above average, but everything else is just really bad. Yeah. Is is Jared Mayo the guy? Probably not. Probably not. How quickly do you move on? I wouldn't hate, again, like my, my personal thing, I don't think Gerod j Jared Mayo's a bad guy.


Gerard. Gerard. Jared. Gerard. Gerard. Gerard. The defense is bad. He is defensive coach. Why not get a, a offensive coach to work with? Our phenom quarterback Would seem smart. Yeah. I deal with the same thing. Phenom, Phenom, phenom. We're putting Drake man in the phenom category now. Yeah. I mean, have you seen these graphs Phenom? I I don't think I've seen the same graphs you have. He's been looking at graphs. He's, he, he's a playmaker. That's, that's what I've, I've learned and I was wrong in my analysis with him. Pre-draft, maybe the ball looks a little heavy, but he's so good on his feet scrambling, running outta the pocket and making plays happen. I think he's pheno Phenom, So maybe out and He does that today. But it's like, also it'd be nice if he had more than one second in the pocket.


Right. Where he didn't have to scramble and run for his life. Every single play. Do you think that Robert Kraft is the guy? Yes. Absolutely. Okay. He signed the Hall of Fame. Yeah. What do you think about Mr. Kraft not making it the Hall of Fame? Again, I clearly, Roger Goodell has proven time and time and time again to have an, a bias against the Patriots, against Mr. Kraft, against, I don't think everything that the Patriots stand for. Roger Goodell does the voting for the Hall of Fame. I don't think he does either. You don't think he has any influence? I Think he's sports writers. No, those are journalists. Cap captain. I mean, did you see, did you see Ian Rappaport almost cry about an old story? Did you guys see that story? Yeah. Mike Malarkey. It's so fucking funny. Mike Malarkey, the story goes that Mike Malarkey knew he was about to get fired by the Titans and he told Ian Repport that he was actually about to get an extension.


And I guess Ian Rappaport, this was five years ago and I guess he found out about it like this week and he got very upset. Yeah. It's like, that's not funny. The guy's name is literally malarkey. Yeah. Also, it's funny. Sorry. It's funny. You should have used a second source. He was also, it's like you assume he was drunk. It's a very funny drunk, like, should I text? Yeah. Right. Tell him I'm fucking like the Guy's about to get fired. He is like, fuck it. I'm gonna just see if someone will report that I, I got a contract extension. That's funny. But if, if the guy tells you that and then you report it and he gets fired, you should by all means be like, Hey, just as a heads up my source on this was the Guy that got fired. Mike, Mike Malarkey. Yeah. So it, but Then you tell him who your source Is. But that's fine.


Fired. But should've Done it right away. Yeah. Yeah. He Should. It's a fun, I laughed. I laughed and then when I watched Rap Port's reaction, I laughed even harder. Yeah. But Hank you don't think that Robert Kraft is his, his non Hall of fame vote is getting to him a little bit because he spent the last three years just trying to get into the Hall of Fame. Yeah, he did the, the it what the stop hate the time out to hate. They're also in the, in the report about him not making it. I guess he, I think that was just stop hate, but Sure. Yeah. Well, he just was to stop Hate. He just wanted, he just woke up and was like, I'm gonna stop hate today. Yeah. I mean that's a, That's that's very like, terrible. Do you ever wake up and think you're gonna stop hate? I would say hate. No. But if I, I would not like, I would not like number one on this podcast used against me as a negative thing is on that couch towards my Hall of Fame resume.


I agree with that. But stopping hate is a very hard thing to do. He's always I know. So he should be applauded for trying to stop. Hate stopping. Hate, hate is Owen won against Hate. If anything, he's only emboldened Some the haters. He kicked his ass. Yeah. 'cause the hate the NFL Hall of Fame voters. Yeah. They voted in a guy who o who owned a team for four years. Yeah. And he, he didn't wanna pay the players. Yep. Yeah. They're, they're apparently they, they've been sending, like every year they send Robert Kraft's book to all of the voters. And then the article I read one voter was like, yeah, I I've gotten it like two years in a row. The book still haven't read it. Still haven't read it. So I think he should get in. I Think this, when, when Hank stops hating, that will be the biggest test of Robert K craft's success.


He should get in because you, I mean he owners in the last 20 years, 30 years, he's had a pretty big impact on the game of football. I Would say so. But it also is very funny that he's keeps getting denied. I do think like it's a, it's a, it's a funny story. It's kind of like Mike Malarkey story. I do think that Roger Goodell looks at this podcast and he's like, the number one Patriots fan is still the world's biggest hater. Robert didn't stop eight. Good job has Robert Kraft done. That's a good point. PFTI didn't even think About that. You can get him in Hank. You have that power. I'm not a hater. So yeah. See Yeah, It's a good start. Okay. Gun to your head. Do the Dolphins find a way to make the Playoffs? Yes. Yeah.


I say no. I, I I want them to, 'cause I think two is fun and like it sucks that they had the injury, but they're, the Broncos are currently in the seven seat at seven and five. And they, Dolphins have five and 60. We think the Broncos are gonna drop a couple more. The Dolphins also have not the easiest schedule they play at the Packers. It's tough to win division games with a rookie qb. Actually they might, they might have an easy schedule given the state of some of these teams at the Packers who are good jets, Texans, Niners, Browns, jets. They probably have to win. They probably have to get to 10 wins so they could lose one more game.


I think the, I They gotta go five and one in the last Six and the Broncos would have to go two and they only have five left. Mm. Two and three. Would that get 'em in? Who has the tiebreaker? I don't know who has a tiebreaker, but Yeah, it feels like, I don't know, I don't think the Broncos are gonna go two And three. I think the Broncos might go two and three. Really? Yeah. I'm a believer. I don't, I don't, I I'm not gonna give the Broncos two and three just yet. Who has it? Because head, head isn't the second tiebreaker conference of Miami four and four in the conference while Denver is three and four. The teams finished with the same conference record, then the record against common opponents would break the tide. That's too complicated. It's very complicated.


The Chiefs aren't gonna be playing anyone in week 18. Maybe It's a possibility. Yeah. Or they Might be, they might be playing for a, a better seed. Yeah, that's true either way. I I'm happy The Dolphins, the Dolphins credit to the Dolphins winning this game saved Thanksgiving football. Because if the Dolphins had lost this game and they were sitting there at four and seven, we would've had just, I mean the Bears Lions game, the Bears were playing for their Bears are gonna be embarrassed. The Giants Cowboys game is putrid. And then we would've had a four and seven Dolphins game going team going to Lambo. They saved Thanksgiving. Thank you. Thank you to the Dolphins. You saved Thanksgiving. Okay.


Speaking of Lions 24 Cult six. I said it earlier, but I'll say it again. The Detroit Lions have won 10 games in consecutive seasons for the first time. Their 95 year history. And they did it with their defense today because we all talk about Ben Johnson. Aaron Glenn is also gonna be a head coach. The Detroit Lions have not given up a touchdown in the last 10 quarters of play. So that's halftime of the Houston Texans game. They just like swallowed up the Colts. Yeah. And the Colts, I mean they gave up a couple, you know, there's some big chunk plays here and there, but when it got to Red Zone and Elene McNeil is just, unblockable just an absolute force on that defensive line.


Aaron Glenn deserves a lot of credit. And the the Lions showed that even like they weren't clicking at the highest level of Lions offensive football today. And they still won. Yeah, I was gonna talk about the not allowing touchdowns in over two games now because that's, that's very, very impressive for this team. Yes. And winning games on the road as well. So there's six and oh on the road right now. They beat the Colts, the Texans, the Packers on the road, the Vikings on the road, the Cowboys on the road when they weren't dog shit. And the Cardinals on the road, they're a really, really fucking good football team. Yeah. Very, Very good. They're And they, that's why they're my until further notice team. Yeah. Until they, until they have a stinker of a game. I'm just gonna blindly believe that the Detroit lines are gonna steamroll everyone.


Yeah. And This wasn't even a steamrolling like it was. You mean the they steamrolled defensively? The Yeah, defensively. They steamrolled them. 'cause the cults were, the cults are maddening to watch because they just had so many penalties. Self-inflicted wounds. Anthony Richardson kind of the same thing that we've talked about a million times. Sometimes it looks great, sometimes it doesn't. Also, Ogletree dropped a touchdown for him That sucked. But yeah, the cultures beat themselves and when you're playing alliance team that you have to play pretty much perfect football. It was pretty much over at halftime when it was, even though it was 14 six, it's like you can't kick two field goals against the Lions. They're gonna beat you if you kick two field Goals. They, they've only really had one game where they've looked bad offensively.


It Was the Bucks That was their one loss where they scored I think 16 points only. Yeah. It's Actually the Rams game week one was not like perfect. Like it was basically September. Yeah, since September they have just been dominated. Yep. And this is, this is a crazy stat. So the Lions have finished their 4.0 against the A FC South. In fairness, I'll do a a quick insult stat. The NFC north played the A FC South this year. The NFC north was 14 and two against the A FC South. The Bears obviously were the two losses. They went two and two, every other team went four and oh, the Detroit Lions against the A FC South this year.


Tell me what you think the scores were in the second halves of those games. 17. Nothing. No, no, no. Total four. Four games. Four games against the A FC South Four games. I'm gonna say that they had a point differential of 63 17. Just the second halves. Just the second halves. Four games against the A FC South. I think they had a point differential of plus 70. Yes, That's exactly right. You saw the same stats. 70 to nothing. I Did not see it. I heard Hank say 60 and I was like, I think It's worse than that. 70 to nothing. That's 70 to nothing. That's Wild. Nothing. Zero. Wow. 70 to zero in the second half's against the A FC South.


I have A question. 70 to zero. That's insane. That's two full games of football over four games. Eight quarters, 70 to zero. Go ahead. Would you rather be 10 in one with a bunch of clunky wins, close games or 10 in one with a bunch of blowouts and never end doubters Blowout Lions. Yeah. Yeah. And also they've not had all blowouts and never end doubters. They had a really tight game against the Vikings. They had a really tight game against the Texans. I mean that was a, that was the, the Texans game was like to prove it. Like Jared threw what five picks. Yeah. Well what do you mean, like by, would you rather be like, would you rather like moving forward and confidence in your team?


Yeah. Would the hypothetical team that has a lot of clunky games have Patrick Mahomes as a quarterback then? I would rather be that team. Yeah. Yeah. Probably. But the Lions right now, I think it's safe to say they are the best team in Football. Yeah. And they, and they have, they've been tested a few times, but they just kill teams that are not, I mean the, the Lions deserve a ton of credit because when they play inferior opponents, they kill 'em and they, you should get credit for that. Like they just smash them. Also the Montgomery Gibbs Sonic and Knuckles, this is the 11th time they both scored in a game. It's most in NFLL history for tandem in the backfield. Yeah. So they can obviously beat you if they throw the ball over all over the place, but they can also just run the ball down your throat.


Yeah. Which is what they did today. Yeah. The the Lions are really fucking good and the Colts, I don't really know they're, they're not gonna make the playoffs. It feels like. Well actually it could win the A FC South. Who knows? That is not five, Five and seven right now. That's not totally the, I I would actually say if, if you said like, can the Colts win, can the Colts make the playoffs? I would say not as a wild card, but maybe winning the A FC South. I think it's probably over for the Colts, but it's not, it's not over over yet. It's, they could, Yeah. No, it's it's probably over, But it's probably over. It's it's but most Likely, it's most likely over them. But, but wouldn't you say that their path to the playoffs would probably be the Texans just falling on their face?


They do not control their own destiny. They Do not control their own destiny. That is true. Although we all Do kind of Yeah, that's true. Power positive thing. They can decide how they wanna play. Yeah. Okay. Last game of the early slate bucks 30, giant seven. This was an absolute shit. Kicking Baker is the best. He's the best. He's so much fun to watch. He did the Tommy DeVito Italian. He did, he was blocking like 40 yards downfield for Bucky Irving. The fumble recovery. He just looks like he has so much fun playing football. And I have fun watching someone like that play Football. He goes a hundred miles an hour downfield looking for work. Yeah. On the block on a handoff.


Yeah. Like no quarterbacks do that. That was awesome to see. Yeah. The Bucks. They've been waiting to play a team like The Giants for a long time. Yeah. 'cause they had a tough schedule. Very tough schedule. And they were, they were competing against every team. And now finally they get to play a team that they should beat and they should kill. And they went out there and they did it. The Giants are, they've got to be just like the most miserable fan base right now. They've gotta be so frustrated without how the Jets seasons gone. Oh, the Jets. That's true. The entire city of New York right now is downtown. I'd say the Jets, The, the Giants, I didn't know know this until earlier today. They only have one interception this season, which is crazy in week 12, I think that they started DeVito just to get Italians to buy tickets.


Yeah. I think they were like, we need to give people a reason to come out to the games. I know. We'll get the Italian guy out there. He didn't look great. But I mean he also got his ass kicked today. Yeah. They, they were hitting him and hitting him Hard. No, and he, he, I mean he had five completions for 31 yards in the first half. Malik Neighbors basically summed up the entire Giants locker room. He had a couple quotes after he said I started getting the ball when it was 30 to nothing. Asked, asked Abel about it. And then he also said, team has been soft as fuck. Yeah. Yeah. I think Dexter Lawrence also said that they played soft. Yeah. Got too soft. Too Soft. It's bad. And, and then we had the Daniel Jones, we, we recorded on Thursday. He got cut on Friday.


I will say the, the Scout team safety thing. Did you see, I think Ben DeNucci said something about it. Yeah. Where he was like, like every team I played on is the third string quarterback. I was Scout Team Safety. That might just be because Ben de Ucci is an elite athlete. Yeah. So they're like, you remind me of a Troy Palama get back there. But Daniel Jones is gonna go to a, he said he wants to go to a contender. Yeah, I like that sir. So the Ravens and the Vikings are interested. Those Are the two teams. He feels like he would be a good Vikings backup, doesn't he? Yeah. Yeah. Like you'd do worse than Daniel Jones as a backup. Yeah, I'd agree. Yeah. No, Daniel Jones. I mean, if Daniel Jones come has to come in for a series. No, he'd probably be pretty nervous. I mean, I think it'd be, it'd be very funny if he ended up going to the Eagles.


Yeah. And then well, I, I want him to go to the, the Cowboys for Thanksgiving. For Thanksgiving. He would save Thanksgiving. If Jerry Jones signed Daniel Jones and started him against the Giants on Thanksgiving. That is the way to save Thanksgiving football. Jerry Jones, please do it. I agree. But if he goes to the, if he goes to the pay Though. Yeah. I don't know. No, no. He got, he got cut. If they wanted to claim him off waivers, yeah. Then they would have to pay him. But if he passed waivers and he's free to sign anywhere, you have to pay him. But you're gonna pay him like minimum Cowboys currently have Daniel Jones listed on their website. Is that real As what? Wait, Hit the website. This will be so awesome. That was my initial thought was like, just sign Daniel Jones and let us, let us watch him play against the, the Giants the ultimate revenge game.


Oh, he is not there. There's a Troll. But imagine, imagine this. Imagine he gets signed by the Eagles, they're a contender signed to the Eagles. And then last game of the season, Saquon Barkley rushes for an all time record for him for rushing yards. Potentially breaks 2000 rushing yards. And Daniel Jones is a starting quarterback and beats the Giants as the Eagles quarterback. But Jalen Hurts is a guy. That's why I'm saying like the Cowboys thing makes off record. The Cowboys don't have a a starting quarterback. Oh no. Obviously that would've been great for, for Thanksgiving. I'm saying like as a backup. Yeah. Yeah. For peak chaos and misery. That is probably would, Would twist the night. That's fucked up. Yes. Stop it. Hank. So Would you say he is maybe a being a hater?


Big time. Yeah. Stop eight. Stop it. Hank stop. Eight. The Bucks had 11 receivers. Catch a pass. I think the bucks. I said it two weeks ago. I, I think they're going to find a way to get into this playoff. I don't know. I mean, it might be at your expense PFT but it also could be they win the NFC South. But they've, they've been playing good football. They've just been really banged up and been playing really hard teams. And now they have a little bit of a reprieve in terms of their schedule. Where I think they have, they need To pick up I think one game on the Falcons. Right? Well The Falcons have the two Oh, head to head. Yes. That's An issue. So the that that, that is a big issue. I I think they could, I think that they, right now they're one of the best teams in the NFC.


They only, the only team they play that is above 500 left on their schedule is the Chargers. So they go Panthers, Raiders, chargers, Cowboys, Panthers, saints. Yeah. They, they very easily could make the playoffs. I Kind of want, I want 'em to just because it's Baker and said Baker's so much fun to watch. Baker Has the right mentality after the game. He said, we feel like we control our own destiny. Yes. Which is exactly the way that you wanna feel. Did you also see the reporter, I loved this. It felt like they were, they had Baker on trial. They asked Baker if he's Italian because of the hand signals and wondering if like, this was a hate crime or not. And he said he hasn't done a 23 in me. So he doesn't know. So he might be, he could be. But it was just very funny for a reporter to ask it.


'cause it was kind of a serious tone where they're like, you're not allowed out in New Jersey. If we, if if we can put this charge on you. By the way, I think that he should do a 23 and me because they tell everybody that they're a little bit Italian. Yeah. I'm, I'm 1% Sicilian according to that. They'll probably find the same thing for him. Yeah. And then you'll be like, yep. See I was allowed to do it. I was allowed to do it. Yeah. The Giants were really sad. This is gonna be a sad Thanksgiving game. Put in Drew Locke. Yeah. He got warmed up today. Did he get In? He I think he got in for, I mean they were killing Tommy DeVito killing him. Yeah. Drew Lock is the ultimate Spark quarterback. Also Vito Vey being the fullback was sick. Yeah. Because he is an absolute monster of a man. Yeah. And that's exactly who you should have as your Fullback.


And Tristan Ws didn't play today, right? I think he was out. Yeah. So if you can get, But they had some, they had, I think Zion McCollum played, they had some guys back on defense. Like they're starting to get healthier. So this is big. This is big. Let's see. Tristan Wars. Yeah, I think he was, I think he was there with a big brace on Steven Shea was there. So I'm sure he, he's got every, he's got all the Intel happy for No, I'm not happy for, I'm not happy for Steven Cha. No. And was this Yeah. Tristan Wars Didn't play. Was this the, the same week as we saw Antonio Brown quit at halftime? I don't know if it was the same week. I know it was the same. Yes. It was the first time the Bucks went back to MetLife.


Yeah. The first time it was against the Jets. This time against the Giants. I think it might've been the same. Who knows. I don't think, I think it was, I think people were just playing that video 'cause they were like, this is the first time they're back at MetLife since then. That was an all time moment. Yeah. Okay. Let's take another break and we'll do afternoon games


Before we get back to the games. They're being brought to you by our friends over at Uber Eats. You can get almost anything delivered by Uber Eats the, the official delivery partner of the NFL. It's football season. Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Special, a free medium. Two topping Domino's Pizza with minimum purchase only on Uber Eats. If you've got family in town for the holidays, guess what? You can feed 'em. Get a free medium. Two topping Domino's Pizza with minimum purchase. And it's only on Uber Eats if you're craving even more, they've got you covered. Game day deals on burgers, tacos, wings and more. All season long order Uber Eats now for game day terms. Taxes and fees apply. See the app for details.


The games are also brought to you by Duke Canon. Maybe you've seen Duke Canon products in Target, Walmart, or your local hardware store. If not, let me introduce you. Duke Canon makes a variety of men's grooming goods. The big ass bricks, big ass bricks of soap, the thick body wash, beard care stuff, colognes and hair wash. They also donate money to veterans causes each year through the Duke Canon Veterans Fund. Simply put, they give a damn and their products work hard and they smell terrific. Most of the year I'm a saw two thick body wash guy. Then in the fall I like their buffalo trace soaps. But during the holiday season, which is pretty much here, I put their big ass lump of coal soap on my wishlist. It's a holiday season like Die Hard Shop now@dukecannon.com. Amazon and Target or at Walmart. They're everywhere. Go forth. Save up to 20% on Mule Tide, soap bundles and gift sets. The products, the packaging. You won't find better gifts for the men on your list this year.


Okay. Afternoon games. We've got a problem, by the way, in the NFL, our afternoon games have sucked ass. Actually we had Chiefs bills last week, but I feel like this just anecdotally, we've been having these crazy witching hours to start and then it's like three games and two of 'em are blowouts. They should start being allowed to flex games out of like good games out of Sunday night football, back to the afternoons in case of emergency. Or just give us the four and five. Yeah. If you have give us four and five that we can, we know that, you know, if all hell breaks loose, we, we will have a backup plan. If you have more than three, it gives you a, a much higher probability. And honestly the Cardinal Seahawks could have been good, but it, it was just ugly. It Was just boring. Yeah.


So the ugliest of all of 'em was the Packers. 38 49 ERs 10. This was an absolute shit kicking by the Packers. And Josh Jacobs was incredible. And he is, I was wrong. I I thought, I mean it, I was, it was the hater in me being like Josh Jacobs like pay him all that money of running back. He is a difference maker. And he was incredible. Just absolutely shoved it down the 49 ER's face. Yeah. So when I found out that that Purdy was gonna be out, I think they released that news on Friday, right? Friday. Yeah. And Bosa. Yeah, Purdy and Bosa. I thought that Purdy had looked hurt the last game that he played. 'cause he wasn't throwing the ball down field at all. I didn't think that it was like keep him out the next game.


Yeah. Type of an injury, but we knew that this had to potentially be an ugly game. But then by the time kickoff happened, because I had talked myself into the 49 ERs, I was very wrong about that. I went back and I, I looked at the box score from, was it the NFC Championship game? Yeah. In 2020. Yeah. Where they had Jimmy Garoppolo complete six passes, I believe, and just ran the ball down the throat. Well, it, it also helps when you have like Trenton Williams blocking for you in that game. Yeah. And the 49 And all your weapons, all your weapons that are all healthy and look good. And I think maybe most importantly, if you have like prime Deebo where it's just like, get deebo the ball somehow the ball in his hands and let him do the rest of it, that Deebo no longer exists.


Yes. That Deebo, he looks like a shell of himself physically, while simultaneously looking like a much larger version of himself. Yes. Physically, I was saying that you were right about Brock Purdy obviously being injured, but when we were talking about on Friday, Deebo has definitely lost step. He's, he looks big. Yeah. Him and Cordell Patterson. I feel like they, they hit the same buffets in the off season. Yeah, It's, it's, the Niners are in a lot, a lot of trouble. And I don't know, like they have a tough schedule coming up. The bills are next and I don't, I think this is just gonna be chalk it up to the season from hell. It might be It's season from hell. And what do you go for?


Like, it feels like a reset of everything because this window of the Niners, and they did it with both Jimmy Garoppolo and then Brock Purdy going to two Super Bowls, going to a bunch of NFC championship games and they just kept on running into that wall. And then this year it just feels like everyone's hurt. They got a lot of like, they gotta pay Brock Purdy. There's a lot of guys getting paid right now. I don't know what you do. Does Cal Shahan wanna stick around? Does he wanna come to Chicago? I don't know. I don't know. But people are asking that question. I've noticed as the season gets progressively worse and worse for the 40, 49 ERs, doesn't Cal Shahan look more and more homeless? Yes. Like he's, every loss I've, he might not actually, he might not let himself go home after loss. He might just start walking back to his house and then it's so far away.


'cause the stadium's in the middle of nowhere. Yeah. That he just has to turn around and go back to work before he even gets home. It was the worst loss of Cal Shannon's taken since 2018. That's pretty bad. So it was pretty bad. They had Had, they had back to back 12 men on the field penalties. Yeah. Which is very hard to do. Three turnovers couldn't do anything offensively. Very one dimensional. Their d It was more though, like their defense obviously BOA's out, but they got bullied. They got absolutely bullied by the Packers and Jordan Love even he didn't throw an interception credit to him. He tried a couple times. He also had Christian Watson, Watson drop, like one of the most perfect deep balls ever. Yeah. That would've, you know, helped his stat line.


But I was just shocked with how, like, I thought the Niners were gonna fight a little bit more and it felt like it just season from hell like this. I don't know. I don't know where they go. Like they have to start winning. I mean, the NFC West, at least no one's out of it, but still the Niners still have a schedule that's coming up that's like, it's not gonna be easy. They have to go to Buffalo next week and then they still have to play the Rams, Dolphins, Lions and Cardinals to finish the season. They have the Bears in there, which they probably will win. You definitely win. Yeah. I don't, I don't, That's, I mean, that's what I don't see this season turn around for 'em. If They go, and I was thinking this like two weeks ago, three weeks ago when they were, when they were playing with their food and, and like even the the Bucks game where that was when I was like, this is off a buy and they should have dominated a lot more.


I was like, there's some red flags going on. But with the schedule that they have going for the rest of the season, there's six games left. They're five and six. I don't know. I mean, if they go four and two, okay, they're nine. They're, they're nine and eight to finish the season. I mean, four and two would actually be pretty good in that, with that schedule. Yeah. And they probably, they might not even make the Playoffs. I would say they wouldn't make the playoffs For nine wins. 9, 8, 9 and eight would not make the Playoffs. So Yeah. Maybe it's just season from hell. And then for the Packers, I'm, I'm starting to get nervous because they were flying around and I know it was Brandon Allen, but still, Xavier McKinney had its seventh interception I am officially on. I'm nervous watch.


I'm nervous that they're going to make a run. Yeah. The Packers are legitimately good. They're a good team. I change my Packers. Fans know me well enough that I start to change my tone. When, when I start to get really nervous, I don't, I don't make the same jokes I get. I just, I'm more like holding my breath for the rest of the season, hoping that things go poorly for them. But knowing that they're better than, I mean, they're eight and three in, they're third in the division, which just tells you how hard the NFC North is. But their defense was everywhere. But Josh Jacobs is a beast. And Jordan Love is getting healthier. And again, I, I feel like he wanted to throw a couple interceptions, but he technically threw no interceptions. Is is Jordan Love a coward for not throwing any, any interceptions.


Right. He tried, he tried a couple times. There was a couple be who you are, big time drop interceptions. So he tried, but technically he did not throw an interception. Yeah. So you know how I mentioned earlier that the Giants have one interception this season. Yeah. Xavier McKinney has seven. Seven. Yeah. Yeah. He's tied for the most of the NFL The Giants could use a guy like him. Yeah. No, you mean the, the Niners Oh no, the Giants. Yes. The Giants, yeah. The Giants who left, who he used to play for. Yes. Yes. I would agree. Yeah. No, the Packers are just a very, very good football team. I don't know if they're NFC Champion. I would not put them in the same class as your Lions or your Eagles. But I would say that they, I mean, they're kind of done a disservice by having to play in that division because that if they were playing in like the NFC South Yeah.


It would be over, would Be wrapped up. They would just smoke everyone. Oh, Please. Dolphins, do something crazy in cold weather. Do something different than we all expected. Save Thanksgiving. Beat the Packers on Thanksgiving. Yeah, dude. But my, okay, so we were talking about the Dolphins earlier and how maybe since they aren't thought of as frauds this year, maybe this is the year where they can come and actually like be a little bit gritty. Yeah. I just, I just thought about Mike mc, Mike McDaniel in freezing cold weather. Yeah. And now I can't, I can't believe him anymore. Yeah. I need to wipe that thought in my head. No, it's, it's just the, the teal uniforms. Yeah. It's not gonna work. Yeah. He's probably gonna be vaping on the sidelines again. They're Probably gonna run the ball again down, like just run it, run it, run it.


And then the Dolphins be like, all right, we don't wanna do this. Tyreek Hill's gonna have like 17 layers underneath. He's gonna have that neck, that neck warmer that he has. Tyreek needs to warm up, just like he does like all his Instagram training videos in the summertime, like the, the smallest shorts possible. No shirt out on the field at Lambo. But that Tyre Hill proves that it's the jerseys because he played in cold weather games for the Chiefs. Yeah. And he was really good in cold weather games with the Chiefs. But then you put on the teal jerseys and you just can't, you just get extra cold. Yeah. It's not, nothing's adding up in my mental image of this game, but I hope I'm wrong. Yeah. I've been wrong before. Yeah. Okay. Next game. Oh, the Niners were perfect in the red zone today. Oh, nice. So that's good. So that they fix it. They fix It. Yeah.


They fix it. So you can only fix one thing at a time, then something else breaks. Yeah. Now you gotta go fix that. And he only got there once and they're perfect. Yep. Okay. Broncos 29 Raiders 19 Bo Nicks Bo Nicks is awesome. Yeah. And he is on a tear. His last three games, he's eight touchdowns zero picks. If you take out, so the first two weeks of the season, bone's first two starts in the NFL. He had zero touchdowns in four interceptions. Since then, he is 16 touchdowns in two interceptions. Sean Peyton just has him playing like Drew Brees football in that he's just accurate. And he's, he's just making the right, you know, throws.


And Cortland Sutton is one of the most underrated receivers in the NFL. He's gotten healthy and he's been awesome. He had two touchdowns today. The last five games he had 36 catches, 467 yards and three tds is Everything that they were hoping that Jerry Judy would've been. Yeah. But the big question in this game is, and I know you have the answer, Shado Sanders. Yes. Did He tweet Shado Sanders did in fact tweet today that God is great. Okay. After the Raider, well, actually, let me, let me switch this up a little bit. He tweeted it today on the same day that the Raiders lost. So He tweeted it probably after going to church. However, people are saying he actually posted it after the Giants lost.


Oh. Because he posted it early. Either he knew before kickoff that the Raiders were already gonna lose this game and he posted it early, or he's trying to go to the Giants and was happy that they lost. Hmm. So we'll never know what's Can he pull or he could just might be going to church. Yeah. I I think he's probably going to church man. We need what we really need. Oh, Friday we're gonna find out. Oh, they're playing Black Friday. They're playing Black Friday. Yeah. You're gonna go to church, church on Friday. He does great. He does. God is great on Black Friday, then it's clearly Yes. Okay. Then he wants to be a Raider Because we also are gonna maybe get, I think we're getting Desmond Ritter. So Garner Minsu, I think broke his collarbone. Aiden O'Connell, I might be back from ir, but he broke his thumb.


Just give us someone new. It's So bad for the Raiders. Now that's, that's so depressing. Really all the Raiders can do for us is just start a new quarterback every game. Yeah. Just like, sign a guy off the street and let that guy start that week just to keep us interested. But as for Bow Nicks Yeah. At the last 10 games you talked about taking out the first two games and how great his stats would be if you take into account all of his touchdowns. He's got 20 touchdowns and only two turnovers since the start of week three. Yeah. It's crazy. He is, he is playing like the rookie of the year right now. They're also eight and three against the spread. Yeah. Which is pretty good. They're not getting the respect, not getting the, I've been betting on 'em. I hope that people don't, I hope they don't get more respect.


I hope they keep making the lines. You know, this was under a touchdown. Did you see Crazy Bo? What? Oh yeah. See Crazy Eyes. Oh yeah. He doesn't care. He he'll fight anyone Crazy. Eyes bow crazy. Bo Nicks has been unlocked. He stared down. Who was it on the Raiders that he stared down? Defensive lineman. He, I don't know who it was, but he was Yeah. You could see like all the whites of his eyes looked absolutely nuts. I'm doing, I'm doing shots of Ozempic lines of Bane. I am all in on Bo Nicks. He's been Awesome. Yes. He's Great. And he and Sean Peyton knows how to coach. Yep. We, we probably, it turns out he just needed his guy. And not Russell Wilson. I Like how when, when Bon X him with a crazy, as the ref stepped in to make sure that the Raiders player was okay.


Yeah. He was like, Hey, those eyes, those are kind of illegal. Did that Hurt? Yeah. Yeah. That's a little too much. Was that Torbert? That was Torbert. That was Torbert. Oh, Ron Torbert Torbert get in there being like, Hey guys, come on. This is too much. Don't look at each other like this. So I, I saw this take online. I love this take because I want to hear your, your thought about it's from Vic Lombardi. Okay. And anytime somebody with the last name says something about football, it's football. Yeah. Yeah. I believe them. Even if they're not related to Vince Lombardi. Yeah. Okay. He says, I know this is a very irrational tweet, but I have to say it, it bothers me so much when I see neighbors merely walking around the neighborhood during an important Broncos game. They just gallivant about town with no care in the world about watching the local NFL team play football.


How does this happen? What has my community become? Why does this make me angry? Am I alone in my misery? Oh, I think he's a hundred percent right. Well, he's a hundred percent right. But in the neighbor's defense, the Broncos have not been good for a while. So this is actually, this was the first time that the Broncos won at the Raiders, both in Las Vegas and obviously in Oakland since Peyton Manning was playing for the Broncos. Yeah. So 2015, that's how long it's been since they won a road game against the Raiders. I think if you, I think it's basically by the time Christmas, actually, you know what, next season, if this happens next season, like you have a season to realize like, Hey, you got a, an awesome young quarterback.


'cause these are not, we're not talking about football fans, we're talking about the casual football fans, but casual football fans, once they realize that Bo Nicks is there. Yeah. They need to get their ass inside. They need to know that Bo Nicks is there immediately though. Yeah, No, I agree. I mean, we, we say it all the time, like, what do people do that don't watch football on Sunday? Like they just, The gallivant around town. They Just remember, we remember we went to the dinner and I, we sat next to, who's the guy? I can't remember his name escaping me. The guy who wrote the music for succession. Oh yeah. And I asked him straight up, I was like, Hey, not to like get too personal, but like, I was like, do you watch football? He's like, no. I was like, so what do you do on Sundays?


He Like, hangs out with his Family. He, no. He was like, I, I'll take like a walk, like in Central Park. Yeah. I'll do like shopping. Get the laundry done. I'm like, holy shit. It was it. I basically was talking to an alien. I was like, that's so fascinating. I just love the idea of somebody getting mad and thinking that somebody's gallivanting around because they're not watching football. Yeah. Like, I get it. I, I completely understand that mentality too. But I think what we have to do is just encourage, if you're a, a fan of the Denver Broncos, if you're a listener, Pardon My Take. You live in Denver. Tell a friend, Well, they're not gallivanting around. If they're listening to this show, Tell a friend, go tell a friend. Yes. Like about Bo Nix, let 'em Know that they're missing out on possible rookie of the year. If Everybody in Denver that's, that's listening to us right now, goes out and tells two friends, Hey Bo Nicks is fun.


You should watch him. Yeah. And then they tell two friends. Then within like three chains of that, I think word of mouth, the entire city of Denver will be listening and watching Broncos games on Sundays. Yeah. Instead of gallivanting around without a care in the world, I, it Would piss me off too. Especially when Botnick is playing. Like he's playing eight touchdown, zero interception, the last three games guy's on fire. And, and I, yeah. I think the Broncos are gonna find a way to get in the Playoffs looking at their schedule as for the Raiders. So we like Antonio Pierce, we had him on the show. I like his existence in the football ecosystem, but this feels bad. Seven losses in a row.


And to the Raiders credit, like they actually played the Broncos pretty evenly. They just had turnovers. Yeah. Like if you look at yardage, if you look at first Downs, like the Raiders were able to move the ball. They just had the costly, costly turnovers that, that changed the game. I would just like to go back to the Raiders off season and point to the fact that it seems like they didn't really have a plan of how they were gonna win football games this year. Yeah. And that's, that's kind of what you need to do in the NFL is you have to have a plan of what our team's gonna be. And that plan, generally speaking shouldn't be a OC or Gardner Michu. Yeah. Or Desmond Ritter. Or Desmond Ritter. Yeah. If Desmond Ritter is included in your plan, it's a bad plan.


So who's gonna get Shado? So the, the Raiders I believe, I don't think they have, I think they play the Jaguars, but other than that, I don't know if there's another win on this guy. The Raiders beat the Ravens. I kind of like the Ravens winning the Super Bowl would be very funny. Just to be like the Raiders beat. Yeah. Beat the Ravens. Yeah. They don't have a lot of wins left other than the Jaguars games. So if they end up winning no more games, I think they would get the third pick depending on what happens or no, I guess they would get at least the second pick if they lost the Jaguars and the Giants might not win a game as well. Shado. So it feels to me like Shado and Dion.


Well, So the Dion would look awesome on the sidelines of Vegas, Colorado did just get a big recruit. That's what I'm saying, a qb. Unless Dion was like, Hey, I'm gonna stick around. And then he leaves and brings his luggage with him and it's Gucci, it's Louis or whatever. Louis. Yeah. It's Louie. I don't, I don't think that's gonna happen. But he could, It also, I, I know that he only owns what 5% of the team, but does feel like Tom Brady, like Tom Brady doesn't strike me as a guy who buys a piece of the Raiders and is cool with them, just lose and Knowing how much Tom Brady absolutely hates the Super Bowls that he lost. There's a chance that Tom Brady bought part of the Raiders just so he could fire Antonio Pierce.


True. Right. True. Hank, would you respect that move? Kind of. I kind of Would you have to respect it that way? I mean More, He tried to, he tried to buy the Chiefs to fire Spags. Yeah. But he is like, oh shit. Yeah. He won't let the hunts won't sell it to me. Could you, could you, in theory, like Elon Bench to bench Mahomes and fire for fire spas? Yeah. Yeah. Like in theory, if I could see that be being more of like a Rocky three situation where he is like, meet me on the 50 yard line. No cameras one-on-one. Yeah. Yeah. Hypothetically, let's settle This. If, if Elon Musk gave Tom Brady $50 billion, could he buy the Eagles and then just close the team?


Probably. There's no animosity with the Eagles. No. He hates Nick Foles though, right? Yeah. But they did won't say his name. They did beat the Eagles through. They're one-on one. One one. Okay. It's the Giants. It's the Giants. He So could he buy the Giants and then shut the team down In theory? Buy ESPN and fire the Manning cast. Yeah. That would be funny. He Could buy the NFL. Yeah. And, and close. Shut down every team except for the Patriots. And then put Robert Kraft into the Hall of Fame. That'd be nice. That'd be a good, good gesture. It's Petty. Also, I wanna, I wanna clear some up because memes thought that Hank and I actually hated each other because we were sitting in different rooms a second ago. Oh, you do? I don't hate Hank. I, I actually wanna thank you, Hank.


Oh, you're welcome. I wanna thank you because now I have a very clear Super Bowl. And my Super Bowl this year is just making the playoffs. Mm. And I got something to fight against. That's good. Yeah. So it is good. This is good. You Get something to wake up every morning. Yeah. Every day I'm gonna wake up. It's gonna be Hank's Giving Week. I'm just gonna be thinking about Hank's face every morning. I'm gonna be like, you know what, just make the Playoffs. So I don't, I don't care what the end of the season record is. If we make the playoffs. To me, that is a, a massive success in my book. That's Huge. Oh Yeah. Good luck. That is my Super Bowl. Good luck. Okay. Last game in the afternoon and then we'll have Max on to talk about the Eagles thrashing of the Rams Seahawks 16 Cardinal six. This was gross in the fact that offensively I thought it was gonna be a shootout and it was not.


Because the Seahawks defense is really, really good. And Mike McDonald, he's got them, this is what we saw last year with the Ravens. And now he's got them playing the way he wants 'em to play. They were all over Kyler. Murray sacked them five times. James Connor had eight rushes, seven rushes for eight yards. The Cardinals could not run the ball whatsoever. They had 14 carries for 49 yards total. And yeah. The Seahawks now are top of the NFC West, just like we all thought. Yeah. So every time that you think the Seahawks are dead, they ended up winning. That's, that's kinda how they are. Yeah. It's because Gino tries to kill them. Yeah. Gino threw another interception in the end zone.


That's his third of the season. But I think, I think the Seahawks defense is getting to a point where they might be Gino proof where you can, you can, and I mean I, Gino can still like sling it and he has moments, but he also has moments where shit goes bad and now their defense could pick him up. And Jackson Smith na jig ba ba bba buoy was awesome. You you still messed that up. Yeah, yeah. No, I know. Try it again. Jackson Smith Na jig. Babu buoy. I don't know how to do it. Na Jig. Bubba buoy. Na jig. Ba buoy. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. He's awesome. And yeah, the Seahawks are top of the NFC West. Yeah. Their defense is, is great. Kobe Bryant did the hold my dick when he jumped in the end zone.


Yeah. Mar March on. Things Have changed so much in the NFL where like a decade ago, Roger Goodell would try to suspend you for doing that. Now team accounts are just like posting closeups Yeah. Of their players doing the Hold my dick. Yeah. Which I love. It's, I think it's good. This is good that, that we're doing that we're celebrating it. And the Seahawks first place in the NFC West, it's A mess in the NFC West. And they, they play the Jets next, right? Yeah. Who they might be. And then the cards have the Vikings Ooh. If the Jets, so if the Jets win that game, could they run the table memes? It's a big game for the Jets. Huge game for the Jets In in theory. That's what I like to hear.


Oh, I'm happy that it came out that Aaron Rodgers has so many injuries. He doesn't want to get scans Yeah. To tell him how many injuries he has, but he's gutting it out. That's Hipaa. Yeah. It's a HIPAA violation for asking him to do scans. Yeah. You gotta love that memes. He's got two years left. I understand the athlete not wanting to come outta the game and being like, I only have certain amount of games left, but just sit a couple games out. So we win some games. I think he might just be afraid of going to the doctors. A lot of people are. Yeah. Like they don't like doctors. You don't like doctors looking at you and prodding you. You know, like, my Blake doesn't like going to the vet. I get it. I think that's exactly what Aaron's going through. I Got a physical on Friday, actually went pretty well.


Also really pathetic because like all the things that you joke about with like a physical, like the doctor was like, how many drinks do you have a week? And I was like, zero. And he's like, do you, like we ask everyone, do you need an STD test? I was like, Nope. Like I just, it was just, I was the biggest loser ever. He's like, do you do drugs? And I was like, used to not anymore. Don't do shit. So maybe, maybe he shouldn't be afraid anymore. 'cause once you get older, going to the doctor is actually like, you should do it. 'cause remember when you're in your twenties and the doctor's, like how many drinks you have and you're like, five. So I, I had a, I had a doctor's appointment like three weeks ago and they asked me the alcohol question and I said, okay, so I wanna be honest with you.


I would lie about this if this was a long time ago, but I'm just gonna tell you the truth now. So you don't have to do the math. You don't have to do the like, take whatever number of beers I say per week and multiply it by three. I'm just gonna be honest with you. And then he was like, okay. And then I told him the amount and then he like silently multiplied it by three in his head. Ah. I was like, you don't stop doing that. You don't have to do the math. I got, I was just in such a, a bad spot of feeling like such a loser to my doctor that when he was like, do you Dr. Do drugs? Like no. I was like, but I used to, you know, cocaine, mushrooms, I like started listing shit. And he's like, okay, but you don't. And I was like, no, No, but lemme tell you about This one time. Like, but I used to do it, dude. I swear to God. It'd be very funny if you, if you lied to him, to your doctor to feel more cool.


Yeah, that's what I was doing. You're like, can I actually, why don't you just gimme an SD test just in case. Oh man. I fought man. Yeah, no, it was brutal. It was brutal. Seahawks Cardinals though. Yeah. That game stunk. Yeah. Bad game. Bad game, bad bird fight. Caller Murray looked very short today. He did in the all whites. When He gets sacked like that, he just looked so Short in the all whites. Yeah. Was it Witherspoon that was able to chase him down a couple times? Yeah. I love watching Witherspoon. Yeah. It was a tough game to watch. But that's the problem with the three games in the afternoon. They're doing it to us again on Sunday. How dare they, How dare they. Yeah. Sunday's the, the weird where, you know, we have four games on Thursday and Friday, so you'd think with no buys we were gonna have the like full Sunday.


But we don't. Yeah. We don't, we have to get be so regular old Sunday. The Black Friday is so unnecessary. I Agree. Hank, thank You so unnecessary. I listen so unnecessary. Yeah. The NFL just, it's, it's the old meme of like the United States government being like, we're gonna fight three wars and we're gonna fund seven regimes in South America. Yeah. We're like, we just want healthcare. Right. And this, it's like we just give me four games in the afternoon and the NFL is like, well, we're gonna have a game in Germany. We're gonna have three to four games in Europe. We're gonna have one in Brazil and one in Mexico. Yeah. And one on Black Friday. Just give us one more game. Yeah.


On Sunday afternoons. So If, if, if three games suck, we're not, you know, stuck watching him. Please. Yeah. That's all we ask. Okay. We're gonna finish up with Max. Why Do I only see one game in the afternoon On Fri On next Sunday. Sunday. Yeah. Bucks. Panthers. No Bucks. Panthers. Rams. Saints. Eagles, Ravens. Oh, okay. So the Eagles game isn't listed. 'cause that just ended. Yeah. Yeah. And Ravens is Tomorrow and Rams Saints isn't listed 'cause it just ended. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, we have three games in the afternoon. I'll Steelers, Steelers. Steelers, Bengals will be good. I'm a reminder to everyone. We're not, we, we don't have a show on Friday this week. We have one on Wednesday.


It's gonna be extra long. We're gonna tell you when you can stop if you have to work on Friday. But a preview is, I'm very nervous about how bad the Bears are gonna lose on Thursday to set the tone for Thanksgiving. So early Tone Setter also Fred Smoot. Yeah. Fred Smoot. Awesome. Is gonna, is was an awesome interview. Yeah. We have a great, great show coming for you Wednesday. All right. Before we get to Max, who's gonna join us, he's already back in Philly and talk about the Sunday night football game. We're brought to you by our friends at Kraken.


Today's show is brought to you by Kraken. You know, I see a lot of similarities between sports and crypto. You have passionate supporters that believe in their favorite crypto assets, like their sports teams team, Bitcoin, team, Ethereum, maybe even team, whatever Dog Coin is going 10 x next week, who knows? But underneath it all is a shared belief that crypto is one of the best opportunities to achieve financial autonomy and financial freedom. And that's what Krakens all about. Secure and simple access to over 200 cryptocurrencies. Krakens also got flawless track record in protecting assets with some of the strongest crypto security features around. And not only is Kraken a leader in security, they cater to all experience levels of Trader as well as the Kraken app. You've got Kraken Pro, a full suite of powerful tools built for the more seasoned traders out there. Whatever kind of trading strategy you use, Kraken Pro handles it with ease. And right now Barstool is teaming up with Kraken to give you the chance to win one whole Bitcoin. That's right. One entire Bitcoin. All you gotta do is go to Kraken dot com slash barstool and guess what the price of the Bitcoin will be on January 3rd, 2025. As shown on Kraken. You have until December 13th this year. Submit your prediction head to Kraken dot com slash barstool now to submit your guest terms and conditions applied. Not investment advice. Crypto trading and involves risk of loss and is offered to us customers, excluding Washington, New York, and Maine through Pay Word Interactive Inc.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Amazon. Black Friday football is on and it's only on Prime Video. This Friday, the Las Vegas Raiders take on the Kansas City Chiefs. An old school rivalry for a new game day. Join Al Michaels, Kirk, Kirk Street and Kalee Hartung for this exciting matchup. We're excited we got Patrick Mahome. Anytime Patrick Mahomes is in a game, we're pumped. Coverage begins at one 30 Eastern with kickoff at 3:00 PM They beat him last year. Remember they beat him last year. Him last year. Beat Christmas. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. De the Chiefs have a Desmond Ritter problem. Yep. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's Black Friday football. The Raiders in Chiefs at one 30 Eastern. It's on prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/ Amazon Prime four details.


Okay. Sunday night football. Eagles kick the shit out of the Rams and our guy Max, he's back in Philly. Where is he going? Where's he going? Bathroom. Where's he going? Is he gonna the bathroom? Yeah. He's got shit. He forgot to wipe his ass. He definitely forgot to wipe his ass. He he's Got poop again. What happened? Mom was just crawling on the floor behind me trying to get her phone that she left in this room. Like literally Army crawling 65-year-old woman Army crawling beneath me. Alright, max. That was the shit kicking. The Eagles are really fucking good.


Yeah. Yes. I mean that is abundantly clear at this point. They're just kicking the shit out of everybody. Saquon Barkley deserves to be in the MVP conversation. Yep. Yep. I agree. He, he's incredible. I was told he was nothing more than a Twitter running back. I was also told that I to be 13. I actually was told not to draft him in the first or second round of my fantasy drafts. Yeah, Interesting. QB 16. 'cause he had only gone over 1,005 yards once in the last, in his entire Career. I think it was like twice in the last, in the last No, it was four years. No, it was once in his career. 1,005 yards. Yeah. So not a thousand, 1,005. Yeah. Yeah. No Saquon 255 yards, two touchdowns.


It's insane. He like, he just can't, as soon as he gets a little bit of space, you can't bring him down. He, he was just breaking people down. Jalen hurts. No turnovers again. So what, I mean, what's stopping you guys from just winning the whole goddamn thing, max? Yeah. No, I think it's, everyone's been anointing the Lions, the winners of the NFCI. I would like to know why, what makes the Lions so much better than the Eagles at This point? Okay. You can say coaching. Other than coaching What? Yeah, that was gonna be my what unit? What unit is better than, is better than the Eagles. That Was gonna be my one thing was the end of the first half today. And like, we're nitpicking right now because the Eagles are so good.


But they still had that one moment where you're like, what is Nick Sirianni thinking right now? Even then, I didn't really like, I, I don't like the aggressiveness is not like that big of a deal that like, trust your defense not to give up a hail married end to end the half. Yeah. People were mad that we weren't streaming. You're you're back for Thanksgiving. And they would've been even more mad if we did stream because it was like, we wouldn't felt Boring. It was the perfect game for the Eagles. Yeah. It was never, you guys were like maybe a little sweat when you were down, what, seven to three and then it was just nothing. Yeah. The first two drives were like, all right, this is a different offense. Like Frozen.


Frozen time. Yeah. I think, I like to think he's just in deep contemplation. He was f He was, he was frozen. Frozen. We'll keep that in. Am still Frozen. Yeah. Yeah. The first two drives. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, the first two drives were a little scary. 'cause it was like, all right, this Rams d offense is a little bit, is a little bit different than the past teams that we've been playing. But then the defense settled in and it was like right back to where we were like looking like with the best unit in football. Yeah. Max, do you, so you weren't with us this Sunday. Do you have any questions for anyone about their games or anything that happened someday? All I know is that the Eagles went up three games in the division. I mean, I had some family stuff going on, so I didn't get to watch every game, but apparently we're up th three games in the lost column.


Is that, is that true? It's true. Oh. Do you have any other, any other takes about it? No. I, I, I, I just didn't really know. I know that there was a missed kick and was there, can you, can you elaborate on anything? Or, or No? Yeah. Hank, Hank was a bitch. Hank, Hank That smiling. You missed that. What is a Bitch? Yeah, Hank existed. Hey, I feel like he's probably just existing. No, no, that's me. No. Well, maybe it, you know what? I've kind of come around to it. It is Hank can't exist because his entire existence is being a troll. So anytime he's existing, you have every right to be mad at him.


Max, would you say that Max was Here when you ran that material last week? Mm. What Max heard you do that bit? What Bit two days ago. What bit? I don't know what. Talking About what? Yeah. I dunno what you're Talking about. I live my life as a troll. Yada, yada, yada. Well, yeah, that, That was all true. True. See, you're doing it again. Yeah. That All true. But Max, do you have any questions about anyone in the cave or how we acted? No, I have one more thing. Yeah. I remember when we did our preview, we were like, the the Commanders need need to crush the Cowboys. Get back. Yeah, we did say that Back. Yeah, I agree. Did they crush the Cowboys? No. Listen, max, here's the thing. We lost the Cowboys today. Oh. And you're right. There was a misick kick at the end.


There was a miss kick at the end, but it never should have even come down to that because the Cowboys just beat us previously in that game. So we were lucky to even be back in it at the end. And it took a whole lot of luck and weird shit to let us get back to that point. But we were so bad for the previous three and three quarters of a quarter that it's not about the Miss kick, it's just about the team not being very good. Would you, Would you have gone for two max in that situation? Say say that again? Would you have gone for two in that situation? I don't know. I I heard that the guy missed a kick earlier in the game, so maybe I would've gone for two, several Kicks. I I What's going on with NFL kickers? Hank? I know. I personally, I personally also would've gone for two in that situation.


But that's just me. With, with hindsight being 2020, I would've also gone for Two. Exactly. Yeah. At the time I, now, I didn't say it in the moment. I was perfectly happy kicking the extra point in the moment. But now I've had time to collect my thoughts. I would've rather gone for two than miss that kick. I have one more question. Yeah. Is this also Commanders related? It might be. Okay. The Hail Mary at the end of game. Are we counting that interception or, or No, I think You have to. Yeah. The interception counts. Okay. Yeah. And it counts because Even though it was just like a throw, like a hail Mary. No, it counts. You gotta count the, the interception. 'cause you counted the touchdown. Hail Mary. Whoa. Right, right. So bad At the end of the game. Ideally you'd like to have your quarterback. I didn't watch the game bud.


Be able to throw the ball far enough on the Hail Mary that it could be picked off by a defender down at the goal line. Got It. Got it. It did Not get to the end Zone. Yeah, That's good. That's good. That's like basically a win, basically. Pretty, pretty much as as Good as a win. What he not getting into the end zone? Yeah. No. Well, What happened was he threw it perfectly to Luke McCaffrey who batted it back. And that was the play, that was the design of the play. Luke was short of the end zone. He tips it back and then somebody intercepted it before it got to the end zone. Really? That's interception of Luke McCaffrey. It counts on Luke McCaffrey's stats. Okay. I I will put that in my stats. Okay. Max, you think that the Commanders are gonna make the playoffs?


Yes, My man. Thank you. But are we still, where are we at? Where are we at on the N Cs? I don't care about anything else except making the Playoffs now. Okay. That's the only thing about J Daniels is still good Max. Yep. Huh? Jade Daniels is still good. Was that, did you guys, was that the consensus? Yeah. He's so good. We didn't hear him. We didn't hear a lot of Jayden. Daniels is so good today, but he's still very good. Yeah. How can I The counter of Ja of He is so good. How many were there? It was Low. He had six drops. It was receiver Today. It was six max. It was Low six. Didn't throw and catch It, dude. Yeah. Come on Max. That's, that's true. That's true. No, there's a lot of concern. The level of concern I, in my personal area right now is high.


I'm personally concerned about the Washington Commanders. Okay. I'm, I'm sorry. We Might be frauds. We might be the rare example of a team that went from absolutely no expectations whatsoever to being frauds in the span of 12 weeks. So no more soy. Well, yeah, that was, that was Out the window. Soy has been out the window for three weeks. One Week. I I think t handled himself very well given the loss and how much that sucked. The only thing that I disagreed with was he did try at the end of our commander's Cowboys, he was like, if you had told me back in August that we'd have, we'd be seven and five, I would take it. I was like, you can't do that when you were seven and two. Yeah.


But I'm gonna say all kinds of things to make myself feel better right now. That does. Yeah. Seven and five is, is is not That's My, that's my co that I got right now. Yeah. I it's all about perspective. You know what I perspective, I got to watch my favorite team play football with some of my best friends in the whole world. Yeah. And that was good. I've got, I got a great job. I love the Awls. I love all you guys. I love my life. I got a great dog. He's not sick anymore. His poops are solid. I got Thanksgiving coming up serving Turkey. You got Hank. I got Hank. I'm serving Turkey to my mom on Thursday. Things are good. Yeah. Things are good. So really what happened in the Commanders game today against the Cowboys?


Ultimately, I'm not gonna look back on my deathbed and be like, damn, I really wish that we had beaten the Cowboys and then potentially won the NFC East and then made Hank really sad and then gone to the Playoffs and maybe beaten the Eagles on the road on Wild Card weekend. You know what it is looking like right now though? What? Yeah. Seven, seven verse two is, is looking more and more likely by the day. Yeah. Yeah. Oh no. Oh man, man, This is a real Sophie's choice of who Hank wants to see in more misery. Me or Max. Well, Hank has, I would, I Would rather I would lose my future for that to be the case. Oh wow. That's huge. That's big. That's big, Big Your Future. He, he bet two weeks ago Commanders to not make the Playoffs plus 400. We found that out after Because he, he was doing his little smirks in his laps during the game.


I couldn't figure out why 'cause he didn't bet against the Commanders today. But then he told me that he bet against them to make the playoffs and Yeah, he he did it silently. PFT Hasn't spoken to me off, off air. Yeah. Meme syns are actually fighting. He's like worried that they're like, he's like end of the pod. They were sitting in two different rooms Before. I love that. Yeah. We never sit in different rooms. Need more controversy on this show. Yeah. Well we had it, We we're gonna have a closed door meeting and then someone's gonna leak it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I had,


I had one last question for you, max. The Rollback question. RHO bck.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos. Hoodies. Joggers, shorts. So it's been Rollback dot com promo code take It's been what, like a week since we had our discussion about what the Sixers need to do by Christmas. Have we made any progress? Have we won any games? Have We found the snitch? We game, We won one game. That's the most Important part. You won one game. Yeah. Beat the Nets. Jared McCain went off. Jared McCain. I, I, can I say I'm a big Jerry McCain fan? I I, I watched all his tiktoks the other night. I know that people make fun of him for tiktoks. The guy's just having fun. I I love how mad he makes people though. Well, and he's also like, he's having like, it's, I like watching other people do things they like and it's clear he likes doing them. So I'm, I'm, I'm a fan of Jared McCain. Yeah. The fingernails thing, I don't know. I wouldn't really go for that. But everything else I'm in for, I also just realized this mic was not working this entire time.


Oh, So you were just talking into Yep. Yeah. Good producing Max. Yep. Yep. Glad I got this. Max, I have a question. Is it, Is it now plugged in? No. I don't even think I can, I can do do it mid midway. Max, do you have any words for Jerry O'Connell who was at the game tonight rooting Against you? He know a lot of green. Yeah. Whole lot of green. Yeah. He's, I'm just still talking to this mike, even though That's Fine. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's doing nothing. Alright. So maybe get a couple more wins. We'll see you on next Sunday when you're back. Get a couple more wins for, for the Sixers. Find That snitch. I'm Going to the game on Wednesday, so I'll be from, I'll be, I'll be there in support. Okay. In person. I don't know what else I was.


Yeah. What else are you saying with my words there? It's okay. Max Hank wants to know if you found the snitch yet. No, I'm not looking for him, but no. Well, you probably can find him. He is, he's probably, he's at the end of the, the, the bench wearing, you know, a Sixers like Q Zipp yelling at all the players. Who The coach? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That'd be Nick. Nurse Elephant in the room. Got Elephant in the room. Okay. All we'll see you Max. Good job. Good win. I wish I, it would've been nice if we had more to make fun. You, you have all the power right now. You Defeated us today, max. Yeah, well, you know Max was right. The room You have the, the, He can't win in that room, but outside the room. Yeah. You have the best team on the podcast.


And it's not even close. Memes may have won the buy. He didn't lose. No, they, no he did not win the buy. No, we lost the buy. There's so many jet stories coming out And we went Down, we went a down a percent in playoff. Oh, You're Still down to two, you're still looking at that. That Might be the dagger. We're down to two. Who are you rooting against? Broncos. I don't know. The Broncos against All the Commanders are currently at 60. I'm aware. Yeah, I'm aware. 60. I'm looking at it right now. 60 60 is a lower number than I, than I was expecting. Oh, I love That. What were you expecting? I don't know. They, they were just at like 82 weeks ago. What are the Eagles? Eagles pretty good value. Wouldn't you say? What?


Yeah, that's, I mean, it's not bad value. What are the Eagles? I love that Max cares enough about the Commanders now that he is rent free. Max. I'm rent free. No, I'm, I'm carrying less and less by the, by the minute You didn't even watch the game. Yeah. Alright, we'll see you Max. Alright. Goodbye. Bye.


Okay, let's finish up. We got who's back of the week. It's brought to you by our friends of Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram. Tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt. Five winners will be selected every Saturday until 12 seven December 7th. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated. Choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold refresher and Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold refresher. Literally made it chill. Coors Light is cold lager, cold filtered and cold packages. It's crisp and refreshing as the Rockies perfect for a moment to unwind even the biggest rivals. Agree when it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game you choose. Chill and then reach for Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Okay. Who's back in the week? Hank, who's back in the week. Hank Who's back in the week is super, super Leagues. Oh, okay. What happened? Super leagues. So this was a report from a Western Conference executive about the NBA. Okay. This Western Conference executive said he believes that the NBA could eliminate conferences all together and have the top 16 teams make the playoffs when the league expands to 32 teams. Okay. So Western Con Super League. Wait, west Western Conference Executive. If I'm reading into what Hank's saying, are we talking about arod Instead? I don't know.


I No, I'm, that's not what I'm saying. That would be, I don't even, is he an executive? No, Not really. 'cause he is, he doesn't own the majority. So he doesn't really, he doesn't get any say it's Still, you would say that Tom Brady is a Raider's executive? No, but this is like an insider. Insider. I don't think a rudd's, he's an outsider insider. Yeah, kind of. He's a, he's a new, he's a new insider. Yeah. Okay. Which usually means you're kind of an outsider. Thank You for that. They really drove that One down. This guy said, instead of dealing with that thorny competition West told the SPN both issues can be corrected by dropping conferences altogether and seating teams one through 16 regardless of geography. The concept isn't raised before, but thinking goes would create a reason.


The ex expansion would create a reason to take a fresh look. Yeah. This would fucking suck. You think so? Yeah. I don't want this. Why? Yeah, because I want you like winning your conference. Like, I don't know, there's like the teams that you play all year getting to play them in the playoffs, fighting through them. Then I, I like the idea of like the finals, like the west and the east, they're trying To turn everything into inter league. Yeah. And sometimes it's good to just have your rivalries and then whoever wins that rivalry, then you have your other big rivalry. Would you want this in like baseball? Would you want this in? Like, I wouldn't want this in football. You have your conference, the teams that you play more often. I Kind of like that. I kind of like the idea.


I mean, look, look, look everyone, you know, poo-pooed the college football and that worked. No. Who, who, who poo-pooed the college football To in, you know, different divisions and, and all that? Yeah. No, no. There were people, but for the most part, most fans I think were very much in. Yeah, that's, that's hindsight's 22. What are you Talking about? I think, I think There were a couple very loud voices against it, but like 90% of people are pumped to have a Playoff. That was also, but The super conferences, but Oh, the SEC Big 10. Yeah. People didn't like that. Well I mean they, you could still say that that hasn't like, worked out perfectly either. You're talking about the college football playoff no one's poo-pooed at.


So How would this be set up? Hank it right now? What would be like the top teams that would play in the super league? The top 16. Where would the Sixers be? They would be at the very bottom. Oh, Okay. Okay. They'd play in the non-super league. I don't know man. We don't have to change everything. I also don't like the NBA playoffs already a joke with the, with the 10 teams. Like that's, that's stupid. Did you see the, the Sixers graphic that they put up after the game today? So they lost the clippers. Okay. And look at the screen right now. Tell me what you see. Anal. Yeah. Nine. Nine. Anal 1 25. It's supposed to be final in like an old school font.


It literally just says anal. Anal. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm not in for it. You like it Hank I think it's an interesting idea. I do think the NBA might might get like they get too cute with this stuff sometimes. Yes. I mean the, the, the Celtics court, I could not even watch 'em play the Wizards. They were playing on a red court and the ball is orange. Like you can't even see the ball. Okay. Like it's cute. Yeah. Whatever. It makes it feel different. You could not see the ball in a game of basketball. Lemme put it this way, Hank. Okay. How awesome was it or how awesome was it? Like when like the Celtics play the Sixers in the playoffs. Right, right.


It's fun. You got a regional rivalry, all that stuff. If you do the Super league, it's like you might play the Kings Fuck 'em. But the, like the, I I think you should have to play the teams that you play during the year Yeah. To get outta your conference. Yeah. Fair. And That's fair. Like the regional part of it is fun. That's fair. Because then You stop to, you start to lose the hatred that you have towards your traditional rivals. Right. And hatred is a really, really good thing in sports. It's True. Very true. Like if you're, if you, like, if your path to, to like the, the semi-finals this year was like playing the jazz and then playing the Kings. That wouldn't feel the same as playing the Knicks and the Sixers or the heat.


Like who you have these long histories with. Should the I then would you say that the NFL should just have all regional divisions? Well They in theory The NFC and a FC, like No, I know, but the, the divisions are regional. The conferences, you know what a division Is? No, I'm saying regional. Like all the east would be region. There should be An NFL East and NFL West. Yeah, you could do that. It's like regional, but it's like not. Yeah, but it is every Region divisions. Yeah, but there's but why It's somewhat regional and the reason that yeah, it still works is because like, yes, the divisions evolve over the years and you get people coming in and out occasionally, but you still have like years and years of constantly playing those teams twice.


So it means more when you beat them and and you are the kings of those divisions. Yeah. I think it's interesting. I would not vote for it probably, but I don't have a Vote also, isn't it good, like, if you go out to a bar and you're at a bar, you're way more likely to see a jersey from a team that is nearby to you. Right. So you can then talk shit to that person. Whereas if, like, if your rival was, for example, the Utah Jazz, you would never see a Utah Jazz fan in person ever. Yeah. And that would be a bummer. Here's the thing, NBA, instead of like trying to like change everything and gamify it, just, you know, work on things that will just make the game better.


Like fouls and, and how, how it's officiated and shit like that. Yeah. Flops. Like, that's, that's a, a easier fix than doing a big splashy. Oh, we got a new way to it. It just feels like the NBA and this could be just a rumor, but still it does feel like the n NBA's a little desperate sometimes to be like, we gotta be the new innovative league. I don't know. I like what I like. Yeah. Stop getting. Don't fuck with it too much. Adam. Silver. Stop getting all your ideas from Reddit. Seriously. Okay. PFT My who's back of the week is Dynasties. Oh yeah. Dynasties are back. The Kansas State crop judging team just won their third in a row. National championship.


That means 13 outta the last 15, 21 outta the last 25. Wow. Have gone to Kansas State. Wow. Every man wildcat. This is what excellence looks like. I have no idea what crop judging entails. I thought you said crop dusting At first. Crop judging. Looking at at crops. Yeah. Maybe even seeds. And then being like, this is a good crop. Somebody's a seems a good job. How many seems competing against, doesn't matter to me. All I care about is excellence. And they, they haven't, the standard is the standard at Kansas State and they've done it again. I just, I love a good di It's like Kansas State crop judging, Texas Tech meat judging. Yep. Right there. The barbecue. They're the meat people. That's just excellence.


I appreciate excellence outta the Big 12. Yeah. And so shout out to Kansas State. I'm sure they'll win another one next year. I don't know what happened in 2021, 2022 when somebody else won. Don't care. Don't wanna revisit that. Yeah. But they're back on the right track with that program and I'm very proud of the, the boys and girls at Kansas State. Shout out Kansas State. Okay. My who's back of the week is Feast Week. One of my favorite gambling weeks of the year. College basketball tournaments everywhere. We've already started one Wisconsin won the Green Briar Championship. No big deal. Print. Print the shirts. They would look like they were playing in an elementary gym, which was very funny. And our darling Jake is calling some fee suite games. So he's gonna be on CBS sports.


He's calling the, what is it? What is it? What is the tournament he's calling? I think it's the ocean. What is the tournament called? Let's see. I know, I know. There's Penn State, Fordham, Clemson, San Francisco Big games. So check him out at starting today. So please watch it. Support our guy Jake. He is living his dream. The more people who watch it, the better it is for Jake. So you're gonna, you're gonna bet the games anyway, so you gotta watch it. It is the Ocean, ocean Center. I love all these tournaments. I don't give a fuck what it's called. I love all these tournaments. He's calling it CBS Sports starts at, what time did he say it starts?


I believe it is four o'clock Eastern CBS Sports Network. Listen to Jake. What is it called? Memes. You got it. What's it called? Give us a tournament name. Pug. Pug. Pugs Been Crushing Hall. The Pug Classic. The Sunshine Slam. There it is. Love that. Okay. The Sunshine Slam. I got Penn State. I'm gonna go with Clemson. I'm gonna Go San Francisco. I wish Jake was here right now. 'cause I'd be, I mean Bill Russell, I'd be dunking on Jake right now because he definitely, definitely wouldn't have had the Badgers in, in the tournament this year in his bracketology. And little fun fact for you, there are 15 division one men's college basketball teams that have won a game versus a team ranked inside the Ken Palm Top 25.


There's only one that's done it twice. That's the Badgers. No big deal. It's, it's not like I'm deflecting because we lost in Nebraska. Who hasn't been to a Bowl game in 10 years. Got the field rushed on you. Well, they haven't won a bowl game in fucking 10 years. Or they haven't been to a bowl game. They deserve it. They needed it. Well, Compton farted in your face. Yeah, he did. Multiple times his daughter's face. Really? But yeah, FET week's the best. Maui everything. I'm gonna bet it all. I'm so excited for Feast week. Also, we're gonna have to talk about college football on Wednesday, but holy fuck what a Saturday. It was crazy. Absolute insanity. I mean, it was doomsday For SEC. It was, it was essentially all the SEC resc people who carry the SEC's water were like, ha ha.


We were right about Indiana and then every argument they made just blew up after Ole Miss Alabama and Texas a and m all fell flat on their Face to the point now where Indiana might be back in it. Oh no, they're definitely back in it. I will fight for them. I will fucking fight. If you find someone online who's saying Indiana should not be in the college football playoff. Tag me snitch. Tag 'em. I just, I wanna fight 'em. I just love the, on the streets of the internet. I love the idea that they high stepped over that loss. Yeah. And then, and then all their precious darlings blew up and it to me just comes down. Don't put a team in that has that number three in the lost college. Correct. Don't, I don't wanna see the dash three Don't. On a, on a playoff team in college football.


Don't lose to Auburn, don't lose to Florida. I know those team. I know Florida's playing a lot better. And Auburn is just basically a house of horrors. Yep. Where you just go and you lose big games late in the season. Florida's a a legitimate no Dj. Lagy Hass been awesome, but Really good team right now. Don't lose to Kentucky at home. Yeah. It's pretty easy. What were you gonna say? Also Alabama Don't lose to Vander, Oklahoma. Don don't lose to Vanderbilt. Yeah. Hypothetically A team loses in the SEC championship that has three losses. Georgia's out of this entire conversation because Georgia actually like what every SEC fan keeps saying, whether it be Texas, who's played nobody, Alabama, who just lost to Oklahoma. Georgia's actually who they're talking about.


'cause Georgia has played an incredibly difficult schedule. Yeah. They have the hardest in In the country. And they played all their hard games on the road and they played Clemson in the non-conference. Who Clemson might even get back in the college football playoff. Like it's crazy. So Georgia is the exception to me. Georgia has, has played the hardest schedule Possible. I think maybe if you're, if your third loss is in the championship game for your conference, yeah. That might be a gray area to me. Well, but I just, I don't want to see the dash three. The real chaos that could happen is Big 12. No, well Big 12 already is chaotic. Yeah. Texas a and m beating Texas. Texas a and m would be in the SEC championship game. Texas a and m winning the SEC championship game. Getting in and then what happens, yeah.


To everyone else. They'd automatically be in because they, it's the championship winner and then it's like, what happens after that? Yeah, that's, that's what I'm rooting for at this point. But yeah, Alabama. Whew. Whew. Alright. Numbers 36. Remember no show Friday extra long. Show Wednesday with a couple guests. Weekend preview. College football. We're gonna talk about it. All Memes. You're gonna go with 19 today. I'm gonna go with three. You're gonna go with five. Oh, okay. That's the number he wanted to pick. It's, That's my system play. What was, well I got a bad System.


What was what? What'd you give memes? 19 Pug. Quick hug. Any other talk to Blake Les? I have not yet. Shoot him at Happy Thanksgiving on Thursday. Okay. Yeah. Actually P you need to pardon Turkey? Yeah. For Thanksgiving as president. Pardon? The tur. Oh, I pardon the Turkey. Okay. Alright. There you go. Good job. What's your number? 94 Pug. Seven. Oh. Pretty Close Seven. Love you guys.