
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today's, Pardon My Take. We have our good friend Steve Smith, senior back on the show talking some NFL. And then we have a very special guest, our good friend Brandon Walker, to talk some college football, the crazy rivalry weekend, looking ahead to the college football playoff. Also special cameo from Liam Bluman. Number one ball watcher in the world. We're gonna talk Monday night Football. We're do Hot Seat, cool throne. We have pardon your take. Great Wednesday show.


And it's brought to you by DraftKings. The NBA is hot. Here's a way to get even more into action following your favorite players playing. Pick six from DraftKings, an official partner of the NBA. It's super simple to get started. First download the DraftKings Pick six app, then select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat, like points rebounds, three pointers and more. Track your picks for a shot of huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six available in most states, including California, Texas, Georgia, Missouri, and more. And for all, first time pick six players. Check this out. New customers play $5. Get $50 in, pick six credits. Hoop it up all season long with the newest, most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 and get $50 in. Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 30 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six. DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Football guy Mindset. Yeah. And my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Hoop it up all season long with the newest, most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app. Now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5. Get $50 in, pick six credits only on DraftKings.


Pick six. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, December 4th. And PFT. I think the Jamis Winston is my favorite athlete of all time that I didn't root for on my own team. He is The best athlete to root for of all time on not your team. What we saw on Monday night Was 460 yards. It was historic. Historic. And I mean, I mean truly historic. Not in the, we love Jamis Winston. We're gonna call everything historic type of way, which we will do. Yeah, it was literally historic. He had four touchdowns. He had three interceptions, two pick sixes, Almost a third If you count every yard that was gained by an NFL football player who received any of his passes.


Doesn't matter what uniform they were wearing. Yeah. He threw for 668 passing yards. I love it. That is the most of any quarterback in NFL history. Second is Vinny Testa Verde. It's, and I think he had quite a, quite a bit less than 668 combined passing guards. His passing chart was so funny. 34 for 58, 4 97, 4 touchdown, three interceptions. James Winston should play every single prime time game. He should be all time quarterback. It was the full Jamis Winston experience where it would be one drive, pick six, one drive. He's just dicing up a very good Broncos defense. Yeah. And it was back and forth. Really good Broncos defense.


And, and afterwards saying, I know I'm better than this. I'm praying for the Lord to deliver me from pick sixes. I, he's just the best. I love it. He's the fucking best. And I, listen, the Broncos are a good team. The Broncos are gonna go to the Playoffs. Bo Nicks not his best night, but he still played well. He Had a great, great throw that long touchdown bass. Oh yeah. That was a Bose and rope. Yeah. To Mims. Yeah. That was sick. And, and Bow Nicks is the real deal. But this was the Jamis show. Like I, I feel bad because, you know, it was gonna be bonuses coming out party. Unfortunately he had to play against Jamus Winston, who good and bad. He steals the show. He's so, the Browns have went from, they went from being borderline unwatchable earlier this year.


Like I would say, I would say unwatchable. Well, We still watched him. Yeah. But like if we, we could, if we could have not watched 'em, we would've not Watched 'em. If I could min and black myself Yeah. And remove those memories, I would do it to now they're must see tv. Yeah. And it sucks that they got flexed out of another primetime game. 'cause I wanna see more primetime Jamis. That would've been, it would've been the Browns and the Bengals. Yeah. In primetime that game. I guarantee you that game is gonna be just a fireworks display. Yeah. Jamis might break Norm Van b Brolin's record for most yards passing in a game. That game. It's, it's gonna be incredible. And I'm, I'm like, I'm getting retro mad where I, I was already mad that Deshaun Watson played the beginning of this season. And now I'm retro mad that Andy Dalton played over Jamis Winston last year when we were saying it should be Jam Winston.


Will he make some mistakes? Yes. But will it be maybe the most exciting brand of football you could ever watch also? Yes. It's, it's exciting. It's fun. Everybody, if you wanna draw on the casual viewer Yeah. Give us or James, well, number one, give us a Simpsons game. Yeah. Or two. Give us James Winston. I'm Kind of excited for the Simpson game. Oh, I've, I've been excited. Yeah. I I'm pumped to see what they do with it. Like the Simpsons. That was my entire life growing up. Yeah. Yeah. So the, the Browns are officially, I mean, they were already out. I think they officially got eliminated Also. Jerry Judy with a hell of a game. Yeah. Oh, incredible. Revenge game. Yeah. Jerry Judy, although it was perfect 'cause it was like he got the revenge and then the lasting image is him having to tackle a Broncos player off another James Winson pick The Browns sorry, are not officially, officially eliminated, but they're out.


They were three and nine. They, they, they weren't, even if they won that game, it wouldn't have really changed anything. They are full on spoiler mode. And the Broncos, that was a win. Where it's like they are now on a collision course with they're, I mean, their Cols game in two weeks is going to basically either be their in or out. 'cause that's the two teams. Like the Colts still have to win. The, the Broncos are what, two games up. But that head-to-head will. If, if the Colts win, they have a real chance. If they lose, it's the Broncos. Yeah. And I, I, I'm, I'm a believer, I'm a reformed believer. He's so good. He hurt me enough in Auburn in Oregon. I'm a, I I I love Bo Nicks. I Also love seeing Jamis and Bo side by side.


When they were doing the Monday night football graphic where they had them stand in front of the camera. Yes. And they said, okay. Just, you know, stand there and maybe twirl the ball. Yeah. And Jamis put on like a, a full on improv comedy routine. Yeah. For his, he's he's just the best. Yeah. He's, He's a drug. Jamis Winston is a drug That I want be addicted to forever. Yeah. And there's no downside except pick six. Well, the Pick sixes. Yeah. Which the Lord is gonna help us. Well The Lord also said Jeremiah 27 4 6 intercept them and give them a message for their masters. There you go. So we need to get that to Jamis. What other thoughts, anything else from Monday Night Football? I mean, it was just a very fun game. The Broncos, it's also nice, the Broncos are one of those teams that I, I want them to be in big games. 'cause it's just something about Mile High.


And like, they, they're just, they, they are football to me. I mean, we, we've talked about it before, but up until, you know, the, up until the Super Bowl, when they win with Peyton Manning, if you look back 30 years, the Broncos were consistently just always there. And they've had a really bad decade. And now with Bo Nicks, they got something and it was cool to watch a big time game on Monday Night Mile High. Were you also thinking the same way that this game would be just a little bit better if they weren't wearing those uniforms? I liked the helmets though. I didn't like 'em. I, I wanna see, I like the white. That's Thursday night. The white on white Bronco. That's Thursday night. Yeah. Oh, max is on the couch. By the way. Hank had a meeting. We're we're just doing the, the intro Hank's on the rest of the show.


Max, any thoughts? You didn't watch Monday Night Football? No, I did not. I did not watch Monday Football. You didn't watch Monday Night Football? No. I told, you know, I don't watch Monday Night Football, But Jamus, I'm disgusted with you. That's gross, dude. I don't know what to tell you. What did you watch? I caught up on some, some shows. What Shows? I, I'm reading your mind right now. They're lady shows Below Deck. You watched The Lady Show. Oh, I watched Silo. Oh, Oh two. Two episodes of Silo made a nice chicken chili. Were you following along a little bit? Yes. Yes. I was, I followed along the entire time. Did you not have fomo of What is Jamis doing right now? I, I, it's Broncos. It's, I mean, its Broncos. He's a winner.


Brown. He's thinking about winning. He, he doesn't care about the, These seems have nothing to do with the Eagles. And that's ba if if the lines were playing, I would be Watching. Well, no. 'cause if the Browns win, then you could be like that win against the Browns. That means a little bit more. It means not I'm looking at winning the division, getting the one seed. Yeah. That's you looking at at Thursday night Football. I'm Thursday night football. I will be dialed, Dialed, dialed. I just wish that you watched Monday Night Football. Yeah. A friend Joe Buck. I love Joe Buck. Shout out to Troy. I like Troy just giving us a little nod where he said, I'm a, I'm a big Indiana guy. Yep. Listen, I'm happy. I'm happy that Jamis entertained the people. I'll tell you that. So Pug is in Maxis seat.


President Pug. Did you watch Run Night Football? Yes. Oh, I loves our President. That's our president. The drop Hug memes. Did you watch Monday Night Football? I Did. Okay. Your thoughts? James Winston is the next QB of the New York Jets. Oh, okay. I didn't see that one coming. Wait, is Rogers, were you wi, were you just wishing something on Twitter when you said Rogers gonna retire at the end of McAfee today? No. So I'm forced to watch Mac V every Tuesday because my quarterback does an hour long interview. And he was reminiscing on how the Jets impacted his life. And it seemed like This is Because they said an an announcement was coming and he was reminiscing.


And then it was just a trailer for his new show. Ah, so you, so that doesn't sound like you just torture yourself all week. That Doesn't sound like something that you'd say if you were still planning on having more memories of that team. It seemed like the memories were over. Yeah. Oh, and what memories they were. Yeah. You said you met some good people inside the building. Oh, that's always a, that's, that's always a relationship. That's always a, a failure line. Some really great people in the building. Damn. Damn. Yeah. So he didn't retire. Didn't retire. Also, Al Shahir got suspended three games after the Lawrence hit. And he also apologized. But was it, it was kind of weird. It was notes app. Yeah. Notes tapped it dark mode, which I think is appropriate.


Yeah. Solemn occasion. And then Tamika Ryans kind of walked back some of the stuff that he was saying right after the game. Yeah. 'cause he kind of threw him under the bus a little bit. And, and he kind of defended Als shahir. I have been watching, I watched the clip a bunch and I did some thing, I did some ruminating on it. Okay. On the slide, the quarterback slide. It's kind of weird that the way that you give yourself up to protect yourself in the NFL like the rule that's written in for quarterbacks also puts you in a position where you're very likely to get concussed. Yeah. Like how many times have we seen a quarterback slide? Their head is down near the ground, they get even slightly hit on their head and it bounces off the ground and they get a concussion. Yeah. It feels like it's, it's one of those rules where I understand why they did it.


'cause they, they have to protect the golden boys To, you Guys are bringing the Money. The alternative is they just get hammered. They Get hammered, they learn not to run or they dive head first. Yeah. 'cause I have seen this take thrown around like, oh, the slide is actually making it more dangerous for quarterbacks. I feel like that can't be right. I know it makes it more dangerous for quarterbacks in the rare occasion where a Trevor Lawrence hit happens. But how many times do we see a slide where nothing happens and guys give up. Right. And they're safe. I think I have no data to back this up. I'm just going on vibes. Okay. I feel like the slide, you have a higher likelihood of getting a concussion, getting crunched and not sliding.


You have a higher, like much higher likelihood of getting another injury. But I agree with that. But what I'm saying is this slide, I, I guess someone has to give us the data, but it feels like, it feels like you, you could do, it's, it's like the traffic analogy where it's like you could, you could have no traffic for a month and then the one day you have traffic, you're like, goddammit, traffic is the worst. Yeah. I can never get outta traffic. Like, we're we're reacting to Trevor Lawrence. But how many slides happen in a week where nothing happens? I think it's also like extending the traffic analogy. You're way, way more likely to get into a car crash than you are into a plane accident. Yeah.


But if you get into a plane crash, you're dead. You're dead. That's true. That's true. So it's, it's very safe to slide. It goes wrong, but it's more dangerous than Yeah. If it goes wrong, you're fucked. Yeah. I wonder what to, his thoughts are on this. He's like, nah, it's go ahead first. Yeah. I mean, some quarterbacks do that. They dive head first. Yeah, Yeah. Absolutely. And they do the little roll. I mean, this also was like, there are some times when a slide happens, you're like, that was bang bang. This was avoidable. It was kind of, yeah. It was avoidable. But also we do forget how quickly this of course attack it was a bad one. Like, I mean, he had forearm to the head kind of. Yeah. I, I think it was kind of targeted and I think it's probably worthy of some sort of a suspension. But three games is a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely.


Max, what are your thoughts? I know you don't watch football, but what are Your thoughts? Sadd D's kicking in. It's a lot more present when it's right here. Yeah. On the couch. Oh, I, I get a good look at him during, during the show and I just see him. He's like looking all around the room. Yeah. He looks dizzy. Yeah. Yeah. No, I have a DD and I think it was a dirty hit. And then the fight was bad, But it's not Eagles. So who the fuck cares? But it's not Eagles. Yeah. And neither of those teams really affect the Eagles. So that's what I got from this. Oh, It's not Eagles. Okay. Well let's, we have a great show because we did an hour with Brandon and, and Liam Bluman joined at the end. And we have Steve Smith senior. We're gonna talk a lot of college football because it's the best time of year for college football.


Let's kick it to ourselves and let's get into that discussion.


Okay. Before we talk college football with Brandon Walker, we're brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore of pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner or partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of, Pardon My Take. Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And yet, and this year, Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings a grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com to build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


We're also brought to you by our good friends at Body Armor. Real hydration, real ingredients, packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing artificial body armor, sports drinks has great tasting flavors like strawberry banana and blue raspberry. Not only do we hydrate with body armor, but some of the best athletes in the world do as well. Like Christian McCaffrey, Joe Burrow, and Sabrina Escu Surviving Bar Stool premieres on Tuesday night. Second episode is tonight and it is sponsored by Body Armor. So go check it out. Get yours today at Walmart or local grocery store near you.


Okay. Brandon Walker is here. Our college football expert, by the way, at memes. I asked you if you could find me their picks. So we could do an update at the end with between Brandon and Tom Ferelli. 'cause that is to decide the true expert. Pardon My teak. And Brenda's very paranoid right now. He's, we got a second mic set up. Gee, I wonder why. And you think that we're not just gonna have you on, you think Andy Staples is walking in the door? I think Andy Staples could be behind that door. I think Tom Ferelli, I think Chip Patterson. I think Danny Cannell. I think Josh Pate. It's Just you. I think Ben Metz could be on the other Side. It's shut. That's definitely not happening. It is just you. And we're here to talk ball. We're in the office, Brandon. Yeah. We're the likelihood of that We're, we're here to talk ball and let's start.


So we'll do like a mini recap and then we'll look forward. We're, see, I don't feel good about the, the standings we had. 'cause I, I didn't even remember we did that on the couch last time I was here. Yeah. But I remember getting the teams, I think I had Oklahoma State, so that's Probably not the Oh, but you guys had to pick a lot of teams. Like he had like Iowa or something. Okay. So I threw out the idea on Sunday's pod, and I know you've probably talked about it, but I think that Ohio State's loss on Saturday was one of the worst losses of all time. I think it's a top five worst loss in my life that I can think of. Yeah. But it is time for a recalculation of what we think worst losses can be because they're not dead at all.


And they're gonna spend the next three weeks hearing how much they suck and hearing their coach should be fired. And hearing how embarrassing this is, and it is embarrassing, but shit, they might get up off the match. I, I agree with you that, that it changes it, that they're not eliminated. But unless they win the national title. Right. Michigan will then say like, if they, they lose Yeah. In the college football playoff, Michigan will say, well it's because Michigan ended their season. Well, keeping it just a Saturday. You talk about an Ohio State team that was number two, had everything to play for. And not only that for the last 364 days. Correct. You had three years of embarrassment built up and it was all leading to this. When you finally got a chance to play him on an even playing field, you thought and finally got a chance to take out three years of frustrations and then you just didn't and you let them out Tough you on your own home field.


It was, it's the most embarrassing loss I can remember. 'cause Ryan Day is the one coach who couldn't get embarrassed in this spot. And he did. Yeah. He is. He's the modern day. John Cooper, this is who he is now. He's John Cooper where John Cooper had, you know, great recruiting classes at Ohio State and went two in 10 against Michigan. He can't, it it, it's why I love this rivalry. It's why I love rival rivalry weekend. Ryan Day can't get over the Michigan hump. He, there's something about it. He doesn't, it, it was similar to when Urban Meyer was getting Ohio to a spot where it's like they would just beat the fuck outta Michigan. They melt meant more for those guys. Michigan played their bad football team and, and Ohio State played so tense and Ryan, they choked and they, they they had an outside advantage throwing the ball and they didn't throw the ball.


Also, I did say in our preview Will Howard was my main bugaboo about Ohio State and that proved true. Well, but that was so catastrophic for Ryan Day and Ohio State's program because if they fire Ryan Day, they're basically have to reset for a couple years because you can't fire him before the Playoffs are Over. Well, the playoffs are over. The transfer portal's gonna be opening up. Right, right. So everything's, I'm gonna steal a take from Mark Titus who did it on, on mostly sports. But he was right. Ryan Day came out the other day, Ryan Day and Chip Kelly, the offensive coordinator came out and they seemed determined to win the right way. They wanted to show they were tougher than Michigan. Correct. They wanted to show we're soft. Yeah. We're gonna run it right down Michigan's throat. And that played right into their advantage. Michigan has the best defensive line, they have a great defensive line and you have advantages everywhere else.


But they kept running first down, second down, then third down, they tried to throw it and everybody's covered up. Like they tried to win a certain way and they couldn't do it. They never adjusted. It was a shocking failure of coaching. It was a shocking failure of preparation. It was a shocking lack of nuts. And to be honest, what your point is. Correct. They went to the Mercedes dealership this year and got a safety. Yep. They went to the Mercedes dealership and they got a running back and they went to Dollar General and got a quarterback. Yep. I have no idea why they did that. When Miami's going out and getting Cam Ward and everybody else is doing this and they settle for Will Howard. Yeah. And I knew, I mean, will Howard's a nice player? Will Howard should not be the, the starting quarterback for a $20 million roster at Ohio State in a must win season.


Or, Or you can get away with using him if you're gonna throw the ball to your skilled players that are much better than Michigan skilled players. Sure. So like Michigan. Michigan, the, when they, they changed the tide because Harbaugh was like, we're gonna beat you playing man football. Right. We're gonna just be tougher. We're gonna shove you around. And it worked for 'em. Ohio State still has that advantage of having better skill position players. And now, especially Michigan's not as tough as they were when Harbaugh was there, but when Ohio State tries to play Michigan's game, Michigan's still gonna be able to beat them at that shitty brand of football. But Will Howard also also is not a pa Like he's not a great passer? No, he's he's an okay passer. He is not a 45 to 14 quarterback. He's nots a sprout. Yeah. You know, so it's like they, they built this all the parts around him and then they gave it to him and it's like, dude, you, if you're gonna build this team, you need to, you need to actually get a passer.


Yeah. They gave the keys to a race car to like a, to like a a four wheel driver. Yeah. Like an off-road rider. Yeah. Like somebody that doesn't belong behind the wheel of something that powerful. Do you need somebody from Georgia to drive that car? Yeah. Something like that. Do you, do you, do you think they fire Ryan Day? Because it actually is No, I don't, I don't either because I, I think that firing Ryan Ryan Day at this point is gonna be very difficult because you're gonna get, you're probably gonna win your first college. The schedule's fucked up playoff game. Yeah. The schedule is so messed up in, in college football and you lose all your stud players and you have to reset. I think they're gonna have to wait till they don't make the college football playoff for Ryan Day to get fired. I mean, signing day, this is coming out tomorrow. Yeah. Signing day is today. Right? This is high school signing day.


This is when everybody gets better for the next four years of the transfer portal was gonna open and close by the time the playoff is over. So they will not have any window. The the players won't have any window to leave Ohio State. It's why Michigan had a down year. 'cause Jim Harbaugh had to wait till after the national championship to leave. Yeah. And they were forced to hire Jerome more. Maybe they were gonna do that anyway. But, and who are you gonna hire? The coaching carousel will be done by then. Right. You'll be lucky to get somebody out of retirement or get somebody late in the game. It's just the schedule doesn't work. You need a little bit more roadway to fire a guy in this day and age. And plus they could still win the fucking national champ. I know. Yeah. They could that that's what would be so crazy about it. So Brandon, the real reason why I had on today's show was because all right, Here, here He comes. Well, I mean we've been, we've talked a lot about Ohio State and it's probably painful.


We have a lot of listeners that are Buckeye that, that are gonna be listening to this and they feel down about themselves. They need some advice on, on how to handle it, how to get over it. You have lost a lot of rivalry games in your life. A ton. The egg. That's Actually, that's actually not true since 1990 when the, when the it went to campuses. It's tied at 17. So it's, You've lost a lot. 50 a lot recently. Not really. So do you have any advice for Ohio State students or, or fans on, you know, what, what the next, you know, couple weeks are gonna look like? I'd like to How you like to get over that Loss? I'd like to point something out real quick and I, I don't like to say this a lot. Brandon's A buckeye too, by the way. I'm not, our coach died. So there's, that's really kind of unprecedented in college football. Not a lot of coaches die.


It sounds like you're bragging. I'm not bragging at all, but our coach did die. So we, we've been in an unprecedented situation. It really doesn't apply to Ohio State at all. At all. And they've lost four in a row. We've only lost four out of five. So there's no real, That's a big difference. No real comparison there. Urban Meyer should also be for, he almost died several times. Yeah. Anytime. Anytime he almost lost to Maryland, he would die. Sure, sure. But he didn't die. Yeah. It is so crazy that Urban Meyer was able to, like Urban Meyer would lose to Purdue. Right. Urban Meyer would not lose to Michigan. No. And Ryan Day has it flipped where Ryan Day, that is also not to just really pick on Ryan Day, but I, it's so crazy that Jim Harbaugh broke his brain to such an extent with the born on third thing where he is, he puts so much pressure on himself.


That was not only the worst loss for Ryan Day, just because it was Michigan. That was the worst loss in terms of like quality of opponent that Ryan Day has ever had. He never loses Schematically to Bad teams. Yeah. And Michigan was a bad team. They Were a bad team. It was a, it was, it was bad in every way. A loss could be bad. And if you lose to Purdue in a season as Ohio State, your fan, your fan base is mad. They're they're furious until the next game. Correct. And then you put it all back together. Well the next game for the next game in this rivalry isn't till 365 more days. The next game isn't really gonna, the next game on your schedule isn't gonna fix this. They're gonna be mad for a year. Yeah. Yeah. They are. There's there's not a lot to, so if you lose Purdue, you write that off.


It's a trap game. Right. You overlooked an inferior opponent. Oh well it's Not Great. Yeah. Yeah. But we can get over it. But this is the one opponent that you're supposed to be thinking about all year long And you were thinking about 'em all year long. Yeah. You've been thinking about him For, to their years. To their detriment I believe. I think Ryan Day Yeah. Said it right. Yeah. I think Michigan's in his head at this point. Oh. Beyond. And he is not himself against Michigan. They are not themselves against Michigan. They try to pose as, as somebody, they're not to beat Michigan. And that's not how you, you're beat once you do that. Yeah. He's, He like tries to do like a fake tough guy. It's like, you're not Jim Harbaugh, you're not Urban Meyer. That's not who you Are. You're John Cooper. That's not what your program is. Yeah. Bo On third base got picked off. Your program is having the best players Correct. In every position. Correct. Well, the play that Strength, well the, the wind, they didn't account for the wind.


Yeah. He'd say it was windy. They could've at least I know. I'm not saying that Will Howard's the best quarterback in college football. Yeah. He's not. Well he is not. But they could, They could have at least tried to get the ball to their playmakers. Well he Threw two really bad Pitch. He threw one pick. He he set him up at the two yard line. Yeah, he Did. And he also threw a pick where they should have scored points. Yeah. And it was a bad pick. And it's not like Michigan had this overwhelming, like they, they were the same bad team they were all year. Their quarterback threw for 62 yards. Their quarterback threw the worst pick in the history of football. Yeah. When they were trying to take the lead with seven minutes left. And that's when I knew Ohio State was done. When Ohio State got that play. That should have been the light switch. That should have been like, all right, well we fucked around long enough, let's go do it. Yeah. They go, they go run up the middle for nothing. A little dinky pass that gets dropped and then a run up the middle for nothing.


They pun it right back. And they just were not, they were not ready to compete. And, and you know who probably wins that game? Who? Kyle McCord. Oh, Kyle McCord wins that game by three touchdown. He can pass. Yeah. He can't run like Will Howard. Yeah. But that's not, they wanted to. Yeah, I know. That's, it's crazy. Yeah. And Chip Kelly is is kind of, because Ryan Day has been the head coach in has lost so many games. Chip Kelly's game plan and his aggressive or lack of aggressiveness is killing that team. Yeah. Because not only did it happen against Michigan, but they had a very slow start against, against Penn State. They had a very slow start against Indiana. Nebraska. Nebraska, Nebraska. Yeah. They are not coming out and being aggressive offensively and it's killing them. Yeah. And Kyle, Kyle McCord like, it, it is like, I feel I'm happy for him because what Ohio State was 12 and one last year.


Yeah. And he, and he lost by six points to the national champions. Had The ball of the 30 to, to win the game real quick. Like Yeah, I understand you wanted a mobile quarterback, but yeah, you have the dudes to beat 'em on the outside. Yeah. You gotta get someone to get him the ball. Alright, so any other rivalry weekend? I mean the Georgia, Georgia Tech, here's the take. They have to have to have to figure out the overtime rules because we can't have a playoff game end that way. No. We can't have a playoff game in that way. But they don't want to figure out the overtime rules. They just changed it three or four years Ago. I understand. I'm saying like, like there's different overtime rules in the NFL. Yeah. Yeah. The, you know, MLB does the guy on second in in regular season, then they take that away. Like you can't, Georgia, Georgia Tech was an incredible game.


So much fun to watch. I still don't know what to make of Georgia. I just know that if we have to watch two point conversion to decide a national champion, it's gonna suck. It will be absolutely sickening. But that is very, very much on the table. Just Just be like playoffs. Get the old It. Yeah. It's put 'em to the 25. Put 'em at the 25. We had that format for years. Right. And won seven overtime game spooked us. I have no idea why one game out of, out of however many college football games are in a year, there's probably a bunch. I have no idea why one game spurred the change, but college football will, will. I feel like that's an adjustable rule that if that were to happen, it's easy. They can go back and just say, you know what for, for a do or die game for a game that must have a result, we're going to have a result.


Yes. Yes. I, I think that just doing it the regular way Yeah. In a, in a meaningful game. Yeah. That would make by far the most sense. It was, it was so annoying too to watch like there's no flow on offense No. For either team. You don't have any real drop. It's just like all or nothing on this one play. Yeah. It's a, it's coin flip. And, and, and I'll tell you what I was really struck by with that game play calling on two point conversions, particularly in these situations Yeah. Have really collapsed. They're terrible. Okay. So if you have the ball on the two yard line in a game Yes. Right. In the course of a normal game. Right. What are you likely to do in that scenario? Run? You're likely to run the football. Yeah. For some reason in this overtime. Yeah. Like coach's brains get broken. Correct. And they think we have to pass the ball from the two yard line.


Can you explain that to me at all? That makes no sense. There were 12 two point conversions in the six overtimes after the first couple. Right. There were 12 two point conversions. There were two running plays including the one run that won the game. Yeah. When Georgia finally said, we're gonna run it, we're gonna win. Hans King spent the entirety of that game. Yeah. Running the football and dominating Georgia's offense or defensive line. Just he, he kept, he was just running for three, running for four, running for five. Hit a Slant. Yeah. It's over. When They get to the two point conversions and they have to have it, they want him to turn into Joe Montana and become a precision passer. And I have no idea why Georgia Tech went away from that. I have no idea why coaches try to outsmart themselves and say, you know what, I'm gonna roll him out. I'm gonna give him options. 'cause that's What they're expecting now. I think they just ran outta their place. Like I think they go into a game and they have but go back to your place.


I know, I know they have three or four like, you know, dynamite two. But it's crazy given the way the overtime works. You gotta go in there with a lot more than three plays. But Haynes King and, and regulation I believe had 18 carries something like that. Yeah. And you get to get, he's a bully. You get the overtime he has zero. Yeah. Or you have one carry in overtime. Yeah. He didn't score, but he only one carry sometimes Not having options is way better. Yeah. Yeah. Just, You know what you have to do. Go that way. Yeah. So, and then after the game, the post game hug between Brent Key and Kirby Smart. Yeah. He was crying. Yeah. How long did you clock that? I feel like it was a minute hug. I didn't clock it. It was, at first I was like, well that's nice to see. Yeah. That's, that's nice. Two guys locked in battle and then after about 30 seconds, I'm like, all right, let's wrap it up.


This Is getting a little touchy. Yeah. Just a little, a little much Too much. Yeah. There. And it was very close. There might have been some neck kissing. That's how close it was. Yeah, it was, it was beautiful. By the way, we got the list. So this is the, this is the preseason list where we made Brandon and Tom. Almost al Well I, there's no way there's any good teams left. Brandon and Tom picked every, they each got 12 picks. Right. And we, and if one of their picks wins the national title, they are our college football expert for an entire year. So I'm missing one, one pick from each of them. I'm, I'm going back and Listening. So Tom, but I'll just say the ones that are, that are meaningful here. Tom has Georgia, Oregon, Tennessee, Penn State, and Alabama, which I wanna talk about.


Yep. Brandon has Ohio State, Clemson, Texas, Miami and Notre Dame. Ole Miss, Ole miss Coach Coffin's making a, a hell of a campaign. So we should talk about that. It looks very even Brandon. Sure. We are taping this at 2, 2 30 in the afternoon. We don't know what the actual standings are gonna be, but I we can take a guess. They're gonna find a way to get Alabama into this tournament. Yeah, they are. But given the options. So it's basically, as far as I can understand, it's SMU wins the a CC title game. Right. There's gonna be a spot, a Alabama will get it in my opinion. And I don't think that's the correct pick.


Yeah. But I think that's what they're gonna do. If SMU loses, as long as it's not a bloodbath. Yeah. It will be Clemson and SMU. Yeah. To put it, frankly, there's 11 spots that are just spoken for right now. Yeah. There's 11 spots. The four in the big 10, three in the SEC. You're a CC champion. Your big 12 champion, your group of five, your Notre Dame. Alright. So there's 11 spots. SMU and Clemson play. If Clemson wins, they steal a spot. Yep. And SMU who goes 11 and one the regular season probably shouldn't get punished. They should take that 12 spots. I think they will. I think they will too. Now if Clemson loses SMU wins. SMU takes the is inside the 11. And that opens up for, for Miami at 10 and two. That opens up for Alabama.


Ole Miss South Carolina at nine and three. I think they would give it to Alabama. I do too. And out of the three SEC teams, that is far and away the best options Because you, that's where we disagree. But also you should preface this, you hate the Gamecocks. I hate all SEC teams, not Mississippi State Fair. And, and, and frankly, I I I see Oh's sitting up. I See what you're Doing now. He's laying down. Now he's sitting Back. I see what you're doing. Oh, I hate the game cops. You do. Because that's what every emotional fan base thinks. If you say one thing that isn't sucking their dick, then you hate them. No, I don't hate 'em. I'm just saying reality. Okay. You Sound like an emotional fan base right Now. If they're in, if they're in the SEC and they're up against Alabama for the spot and Ole Miss for this spot and they lost to both of them.


Yeah, no, I, it seems like that conversation's Over, listen, I think this is a fair point. I just wanted to preface it by so that people knew it was a good Preface. You hate the Cox. Yeah, it was, it was unbiased journal. No, you're Exactly right. I hate out of this group Alabama, who I lived next to my whole life. And my mother is a fan and I hate her. And Ole Miss. Yeah. She's a saint who I absolutely hate and wish their all their businesses would fail and their marriages would get divorced. I I hate them. You're right. South Carolina's the one I hate the Most. Okay. So Brandon, we actually agree that you can't just disregard what happened on the field. Right. And Alabama and Ole Miss beat 'em. I think it's gonna be Alabama. 'cause that's just what they're gonna do. Who should it be then? I I want it to be South Carolina because I think they're playing the best ball. And in terms of like a viewership, I wanna see Lenore Snead in the, in the Playoffs.


Sellers. Sellers. Sorry, what was it? Oh, I was thinking of Snead from Kansas City. Yeah. Lenore Sellers in the playoffs. I wanna see them. They've been playing great ball. I don't wanna see Alabama again who failed, you know, three times and won to Oklahoma. I really don't wanna see Miami. Yeah, I know that Cam War's exciting, but their defense can't stop anything. I Wouldn't mind seeing Miami 'cause they can score. It'd be fun game, but I just think I like you. It's a flawed system in the fact that you're gonna, if you, if you don't put in my, if you put in Miami, that's actually the easiest thing the committee could do because you'd be like, Hey, they have two losses you can't lose three times. I'd totally be fine with that. Be like, you know what, don't lose three times. But if they do go from the SEC teams, I want the team that's playing the best ball right now.


I I think that playing the best ball is a crutch that people are leaning on that, That's my personal preference. When you say they're playing the best ball, all you're really telling me is they played all the teams capable of beating 'em early rather than late. They, they Did get screwed against LSU, They made a comeback and sellers Was hurt. They, they, they scored 'em a late touchdown to beat Missouri with 10 seconds left. Missouri's not that good at all. They did that. They, they won on a last second touchdown against Clemson. This isn't a team that's just rolling everybody. All of a sudden they've won the last six, including four against ranked teams. Two of those teams were Missouri, who's not good. And Vanderbilt, Let me ask you a question. If they keep an undefeated Florida state team out last year because of quarterback issues Yeah. Shouldn't sellers being out against LSU into, I don't mind that, I don't mind the committee looking at that, but I don't think sellers being out for a quarter and a half against LSU is the reason they, A three point game that they got screwed On is the reason they gave up 36 points to a, to an LSU offense that couldn't score 36 against anybody else.


There Was also some bad calls. I think quarterback thing doubt if, if, if they want a reason to keep you out and yeah, you have an impact player that's not gonna play, they will use that as a reason. But they're not gonna give you a benefit because I know it's bullshit. I think your quarterback was out For a game and I, I hear people saying that, you know, like Florida State last year, they wanna use that precedent. That was a 14 playoff, that was a once in a lifetime thing. This is a 12 team playoff. This team has lost three times. It's not like you're nitpicking to say one thing about 'em when they lost three times. Like that You did beat Tom Ferelli on was in the argument of whether or not the, the 12 team playoff is better. If It's good, it's way better. Way better. It's so good. Like way better. All these conversations we're having right now, we would not be having these at all. Yeah. So many games in November mattered matter.


So many games in November mattered all of, I mean, Miami s Syracuse was a big fucking game. This A CC championship game coming up as is. I think we will care more about this a CCC championship than we've ever cared about. The a c The Big 12 championship, the Mountain West championship, all these games that are win get in. Those are playoff Games. Yeah. They're, they're playoff games. It's so great. And I, so yeah. So I think the South Carolina thing, IIII don't think they'll put South Carolina in I understand the reasoning. I'm just saying personal preference. I would love to see them because I think that they, you Don't wanna see Alabama again. Yeah. That's part of it. That's Part of it. That's fine. But Alabama beat Georgia. Yeah. Alabama beat South Carolina. Alabama lost to a really bad Oklahoma. That's true. They did. They they got killed and they lost to a mediocre Vanderbilt.


Yeah. And South Carolina beat 'em both. But they also, South Carolina lost to LSU Alabama killed them. Yeah, No, you're right. And South Carolina did get worked by Ole Miss. Yeah. Like South Carolina. We're talking about South Carolina and, and Alabama. South Carolina can't pass ole miss ole miss beat him 27 to three at their place. Right. PFT was right when he said it the last week. Like, just don't ever let a three team lost team in. Just, just put Miami in. I don't like Seeing the number three if you're giving it at large bid to, here's the problem with a team with three lost. I don't, the problem with it this year is that you don't have that many teams to choose from. It's not just this year. If you look back over the last 2030, if you're, if you're talking, alright, we're gonna do a 12 team playoff and you retroactively take that 12 team playoff back 30 years, there's three lost teams inside the top 12 every year.


Yeah. Yeah. All the time. There's a three lost team inside the top 12. So that's just gonna happen. And when you say it's a flawed system, you're right. Any system we choose is going to be flawed. But we also, we also are talking on Sunday, they'll have a selection. Right. We know 11 of the spots right now. Yeah. That's pretty Good. Yeah. No, I I I I've been a long proponent of the way to fix all of this is you need to actually embrace college football being an NFL model where you have divisions Yeah. In each conference. And it's the division winners go so to to, and they, they play out of their own conference and then you get to the playoffs. So it's like you're, you you decided on the field. Yeah. That's not Where like Alabama and Ole Miss are in the SA say they're in the same division.


They want, you know, LSU Alabama, Ole Miss Mississippi State, sorry. That's a bad division for you. Alabama and Ole Miss will be playing this weekend to see who comes out of the SEC South Or whatever. The real problem is, we don't have a, a set tie breaker system. Yeah. So in the NFL you got the divisions. Yeah. But, and you know, every winner of each division they get in, every conference champion gets in. But we have no tiebreaker system that's on like a national scale for the at large bids Under the system. The, the super conferences are probably a mistake. The super conferences this year have allowed teams, certain teams, I'm just saying, I'm gonna say it, Indiana, they've allowed C ah, hold on, Let me Say what I daunted, Lemme say what I'm gonna Say one an undaunted podcast. Yeah. You you sound a little daunted Right now. You sound super daunted.


You Guys are two on the internet, you know. No, no. Wait. We're two on the internet. A team That goes 11 and one in the Big 10 should be in the, in the playoffs. Everybody's absolutely they should, Everyone's more on the internet than you're gonna allow you block half the Energy. I would like you to be undaunted. Would you allow me to do the point, Would you like to be undaunted? Would you like me to do the point? Would You like to be undaunted An 11 and one Big 10 team deserves to be in 100% of the time. Indiana deserves to be in. However, these big conferences Yeah. Allow schedule disparity that we didn't have before. And the schedule disparity allows Ohio State to play every other team in the top five of the Big 10 and Indiana to play none of 'em. Yeah. I mean, mean listen, part of part of my undaunted ness, if I'm being totally transparent here, is I have looked ahead in 2026 is the year that I will have to be undaunted for the Wisconsin Badgers because if we can put our ship back together Yeah.


We can be like a 10 in one and never play any one team. I'll use another team. Well no Want use another team. No, no, no. Use another team. You don't get, you don't get to say that about Indiana because if you look at, if you wanna talk, well I still, lemme use another Team. If you wanna talk strength of schedule for Indiana though, I believe that there strength and schedule is now better than Notre Dame Fine. And Notre Dame has a way Worse loss. I'm, I'm gonna use another team. Scheduled disparity has been caused by big conferences and everybody, all the contenders in conference not playing each other. Texas is another great example. There are six nine win teams in the SEC Texas played one of 'em. That team beat 'em by 15 points. Right. Like Texas. But Texas is in this playoff no doubt because Texas and Georgia didn't play the same schedule that didn't even play anywhere near the same schedule.


So what I'm saying is the system is good. I like the 12 team playoff. But the fact that you've got these 16 and 18 team conferences allows these pockets of bad schedules to affect this Thing. That's why they need to do the divisions. And it's not Indiana's fault, it's not, it's not Texas's fault. They played the schedule put in front of them. But we need to make sure schedule disparity is addressed at some point. What are you looking at Max? It looks like, it looks like Indiana. Where's Indiana on this list? Indiana was was, What's the list? 65, fifties. Oh there's 65. I thought they were in the fifties. Notre Dam was 57. Yeah. Okay. So they're close. I think last Week you also can't, we should say you can't predict year to year. 'cause Indiana did play the national champ, the reigning national champions and the team that went to the national championship last year.


You can't predict that. Like, Again, not Indiana's fault. Right. But it is a consequence of the big conference of teams playing unbalanced schedules within these Conferences. I feel like you can't even predict what the schedules are gonna be. You know what I mean? You Can't down. Yeah, Yeah. There's teams will be down. Like there Were, I think your point is valid. It's, you know, yeah. It's not fair to have certain teams have to play a gauntlet and then other teams only dip their toes in. But You guys did, did what a lot of people on the internet are doing. If I use Indiana for example, 'cause they're Cinderella, if I use 'em for an example, people freak out, oh my God, daunted all this stuff. If I use Texas for an example, they're like, oh, okay. Well You do sound daunted. It's the same as I I I've been saying it, the three lost teams in the SEC, Alabama Ole Miss and, and South Carolina, you know, who also has three losses at a big conference.


Illinois, Illinois, Syracuse, Syracuse, Illinois. Like Illinois shouldn't have lost to Minnesota, but, but Alabama shouldn't have lost Oklahoma. That's why I don't have any sympathy for the three lost SEC teams. When, when Indiana had one loss and there were some two lost SEC teams, I was like, well let's take a look at the schedules. But Alabama and Ole Miss particularly gave up any advantage they have. Yep. What was strength of schedule when they lost, when they chose to lose to Kentucky? When they lost to Oklahoma. When they lost to Vanderbilt. Like you give up any schedule talk when you lose to bad teams on your schedule. Yeah. Agreed. So you sound moderately daunted, but That's fine. Yeah. You're, you're like, I'm the only person in in moderate World. I think you wake up around this world wake, I think you wake up Undaunted and then it slowly like wipes off where the end of the day you go to bed, you're daunted.


So There's a a I'm forever going through a daunting throughout my day. Yeah, right. You as the day goes on, it wears on you and you just become daunted by the end Of the, it's o'clock right now. I'm kind of daunted. Yeah. Oh, you're very daunted. If we were to talk at like 9:00 PM The most daunted Yeah. Most I'm the opposite. I wake up in the morning a little bit, daunted like a hangover. But then as the day goes on Yeah. The world gets better. You Shed your daunting. I Shed my daunting. Yeah. So I wanna, I wanna give you the opportunity About have you ever been daunted Big Cat? I'm always undaunted actually no. I was a little daunted. Like I'm so fucking, I was, I was a little You've been ded. I was a little daunted in the fourth quarter of Ohio State, Indiana. Yeah. And then the SEC shit, the bed. And that became undaunted. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Brandon, I want to give you the opportunity to talk a little bit more about Ole Miss because Lane Kiffin is making very powerful arguments.


Yeah. Online. He's taken upon himself to Just kind of do market. Yeah. He's embarrassing himself as he has most of the the, the season. How so? Do you like Lane Kiffin on this podcast? I don't, I don't give a shit. Okay. I'm just letting you, you know, That we like him. You can like whoever you want. Okay. Sounds like you guys are daunted. Why do you think He's embarrassing himself? Because Lane Kiffin had a roster worthy of going to the playoff lane. Kiffin had a roster. He built a roster worthy of winning a national championship. He has probably the best defensive line in the country. He has one of the five best quarterbacks in the country. He is one of the five best receiver rooms in the country. He had everything lined up and he beat Georgia and he beat South Carolina in 27 to three. This is a team that can compete with anybody in the country and he figured out a way to lose to Kentucky to lose to a bad LSU team.


To lose to Florida. Florida on the road of Last week. Bad way's Been good and and the entire time he has been, he whined this year about, oh, we, they, they, the SEC didn't give us any night games. Our fan base deserves better. Oh. A couple of weeks ago. He's like, it would be a big disadvantage if we went to the SEC championship game. A lot of coaches I've talked to don't wanna go to it. 'cause if they lose, they might be out. Lane. Kiffin is the ole Miss coach should be saying, we want to go the SEC championship game. We haven't won the SEC in 60 years. We love to go and win and get to the playoff and do all this. And now he's doing this whining about schedule and he is whining about strength of schedule and he is doing all this. While all he had to do was beat Kentucky a four and eight team who won one SEC game.


Yeah. At home. At, at ole Miss. So he is, he is grandstanding. He is out there preaching. He is out there doing it. And the one thing he didn't do was coach his football team. Okay. Which was a winner. Alright. So a lot of things you said are correct, but one thing I didn't say anything incorrect. Well, no, I, I'll just say this. Nick Saban did this every year, But Nick Saban did it when he went 11 and One. I understand. But didn't do when he went nine and three. Understand. But I'm, I'm fine with coaches advocating for their case. I would want them to do that. I agree with you. Like, don't lose to Kentucky. But I would rather my coach try to fight it than just lay down and be like, yeah, we shouldn't have lost Kentucky. You Gotta fight. You gotta fight, gotta fight for your guys. But you know when you could've fought Yeah. When March stoops was beating your ass at your own place.


That's a fact. That's a fact. Brandon. I wanna say, okay, couple things here about the college football playoff. One, I think one of the dumbest narratives going right now is that it is bad to go to your championship game because I hate it, man. Like, do people understand what a buy is? Yeah. A buy is very important in a fucking playoffs system. Correct. Rest. That's rest. And also you don't have to win a playoff game. Yeah. You get off. Like I know that everyone that has a, you know, Notre Dame getting the five spot is actually probably advantageous. I understand that. But I still would rather have a buy. You have a buy and for some of these teams, it, it, in certain situations you could be avoiding a road playoff game. Like there's so many things.


A buy is the perfect thing at this time of the year. You have somebody go out the week before and they wear themselves out. A buy would be incredible. These coaches should be saying SEC championship game, big 12 championship game. We, if we make it, we're gonna go win. They gotta be saying that, saying that this loser talk is what they're doing. I Know it is. It's loser talk. And I, Those teams getting a buy this week. Like Notre Dame is getting a buy this week, But it's not in the playoff. But, But what, but what he's saying is like getting a buy for rest for us. But also, But One week before they're getting that This week a buy in the playoff, a off Penn State who is currently ranked higher than Notre Dame could play themselves out of that five seed. No, I don't. Just because, Just because they lose to the number one team in the Country.


I don't think that they're going to ding teams like Te Texas, Georgia. If Penn State Loses to Oregon, Notre Dame will 1000% take that Fight. Well Notre Dame is always the tricky one. 'cause they, they will always help Notre Dame. I think I, but I still would rather is built for Notre Dame. I still would rather play for a buy because it's a, it's a buy in the playoff. That's the thing is you don't have to play, like playing a playoff game is going to be intense play, doesn't matter a winner. A a one game playoff game. You could, you could have a bad game. It's going be, it's Gonna matter if your buy is the week before as opposed to two weeks before, three weeks before. That's a big deal too. Like if you sit out the, the championship game, okay, that's a little bit different than sitting at a playoff. Yeah. But y'all going too deep a, a head, a sitting head coach speaking into a mic and saying, we do not wanna go to our coffee championship game because something bad might happen is bitch made lose talk.


That's bitch me. And that is that. I like That you said that with your chest. That is bitch, you're Daunting. It's absolutely bitch Made. Yeah. It's bitch made Notre Dame. Could they win at all? No, I don't. I agree. I But they can beat people who can win it all. Yes. I think their defense is elite. It's sim game is elite. It's sim their run game is incredible. Jeremiah love is awesome. It's similar to kind of Ohio State where it's like, do I trust Riley Leonard in a big moment? Probably not. The answer for me is no. Yeah. I don't trust Riley Leonard in a big moment. I don't really trust Marcus Freeman in a big moment. I think they are built to, to beat an Oregon, to beat an Ohio State to maybe beat a Texas, I don't think they can beat three of those in a row.


Yeah. Or maybe two outta three. I I just, I don't think they're gonna be able to put together enough of a passing game. I don't think they'll be able to put together enough of a, even a consistent run game. I think they can beat, like, like if they met Ohio State in the second round, I don't know how the seeds are gonna line up, but they could beat them like 14 to 10 and then get beat the next week. 17 six or something like that. I don't think they have enough consistent offense to win three games in a row. So at, at their best, each team at their best, who's best is better than everyone else's. I think Ohio State's best is still the best in the country, followed by Oregon. You even with their offensive line banged Up. He asked at their best. Oh, Quarterback. No, but at their best right now. Yeah. With with the left tackle and the center out for the year.


Yeah. I'm Not saying like it, it's Oregon. Imagine Putting their offensive line Back in it. It it's Oregon or Ohio. Ohio State. So who can win the whole thing? 'cause I've been, Oregon Can win it. Ohio State can win it. Texas can win it. Georgia can win it. I I I don't know, I guess Texas, I mean, I don't know if Texas a and m was good or not. I I actually liked Texas this week because I think Georgia just went through hell in that game. Yeah. But I don't know. I don't Know. Texas also got embarrassed the way they played against Georgia the first time. Big time. Big time. Embarrassed. Yeah. And, and, and I think Sarc sarc as a coach is, I trust him schematically enough to not have that happen again. Yeah. And, and even more, I'm not even worried about the players. I'm just saying this coach, I believe will come out here with something to really prove.


Yeah. And it's, yeah. I just wanna say I wanted to revisit a conversation we had a while ago, Brandon. That's not fair with permission or it might be fair. Yeah, it's fair. Okay. It happened. I have the exact date that it happened. Oh boy. It was September 24th. Okay. Year of our Lord. 2024. I said to you, I like Travis Hunter win the Heisman trophy. And you said, I would not make that bet. Mm, That is true. I did say That. You did say that. And he tried to talk me out of it. Big Cat talked me into it. Okay. Yeah. I made the bet after in August you Daunted me a little bit. Stop in that moment saying No, I'm, I'm admitting self admitting I got a little bit daunted after that conversation. 'cause I, I was saying with my chest, I was all in on Travis Hunter.


Thank God Big Cat brought me back, back in On it. Yes. Thank God. August. Brandon, you said I placed a bit in August. You said he wouldn't have the stats correct? Well, as a cornerback, Brandon, you're a smart guy. You know that stats aren't everything for a good quarterback. Well, I Brandon lemme tell you Something. Wait. You're a quarterback. I don't know what he's saying. No. As a quarterback, They don't, he said as a quarterback, Brandon Cornerback, the the stats don't tell the story. They don't give out a lot of speeding tickets. That's also not what I said. They don't, they don't give out a lot of speeding tickets in Amish country. That's Not what I said. But it's, that doesn't mean the roads are unsafe. That's Not what I said. What'd I say? Well, you said, you said I should, I Said he's gonna have the stats. I said he's not gonna have the stats because of something. Right.


You said he's not gonna have the stats because there will be a quarterback that Separates itself. What I said was, if Travis Hunter plays every snap of every game like he is doing for 12 games, he will probably win the Heisman. I said that is virtually impossible. I just cannot see somebody with his usage rate surviving 12. Surviving 12 games. Whoa. What? But It's virtually impossible. But then he did it. So he sounds like he should be the Heisman. Yeah. What are you doing? You don't have to continue. He's going to win the Heisman. You don't have to continue something. Are you gonna vote for him if you had a vote? I don't have a vote. If you had a vote. I, I'm not, I Gun your head if you had a vote. No I wouldn't. Wow. I vote for Piece, piece of shit. But Would you have voted for Melvin Gordon in 2014?


No, I would've voted for Dak Prescott. You are bullshit. This is why you don't have a Heisman vote. No, it's not. You Just talked your way out of it Anyway. What I am saying is you vote for losers. I didn't think Travis Hunter's usage rate or I thought his usage rate would, would cost him a game or two along the way like it did last year. It cost him One game this year. It cost him half a game. Half a game. It cost him half a game. And I thought that would happen more often. And I thought his usage rate would slide him down and, and he wouldn't be able to do it. He did it. He played every game. And therefore he is going to win. The Heisman said, But again, but you wouldn't vote. Give it to him. And even though you said something is impossible and then he did the impossible. I said virtually impossible. And he did it. He he's going to do it. Travis Hunter is going to win the two 2024 Heisman Trophy.


You guys can stop politicking. You don't have to keep doing this. We never stop politicking if you don't have to. You don't have to. He could be holding it and I'll be politicking Anyway. I personally would vote for Ashton Genty. I I think he has had a remarkable year. I think Boise State what he did against Oregon and his one shot against a great team. No, no. Say you don't have to shit on Ash Jetty. Just 'cause you're a Heisman Best. No, it's gotten ugly. It's gotten ugly. It's no, it's gotten ugly. I don't, I Ashton Jeni's been incredible. I I clicked on one anti Travis Hunter tweet and I got in the algorithm, it got, it's gotten ugly. They're calling him the Cardio award winner. Yeah. Like shit like that. He, he is Winning 'cause of snaps. Yeah. He also has a lot of touchdowns.


15 total touchdowns, interceptions and, and Catching. Well, they're also starting about November Dion and that coaching staff. So like he's winning the Heisman. Yeah. Which I love. He started to get every touchdown. Who would you have voted for last year? I buddy, I don't even know who won the damn Heisman Last year. Jay Daniels. Michael Pennix. Oh, I, no, no, no, no, no, no. You remember last year I was pushing the Jaden Daniels thing early. Okay. Guns Are down, down. I was the first one. I was the first one on Jade Daniels for Heis. Guns are down. Guns Are down down. Yeah. There was a caller into Andy Staples show that said that Travis Hunter is just good at stamina. Yeah. That's, that's where it got ugly. I didn't get ugly till they got ugly. Yeah. I I do You go low. I go lower. I I love that tape by the way, for the record. Like, if you're gonna be a hater, that's a, that's a great line. Yeah. But Even if that is the take, he's also the greatest in history and stuff.


Yes. Yeah. Yes. And Aston's been incredible. I mean, he has, he's he's very fun to watch. Like if you don't watch Ashton Genti and you're just like, oh, he is just doing about against Mountain West teams. No, he is like, guys cannot bring him down. I think in some years we give the Heisman away, even though there's not really a Heisman caliber guy. And this year I think there's two Heisman caliber guys. I think Travis Hunter is going to win it. But Genty could have won in any other year or maybe any other era. 'cause it's just hard for a running back to win. How many touchdowns does Jenny gets on Saturday? Or we officially or Friday? Are we officially worried? I I don't think there's, it's possible if He gets eight touchdowns Would be worried. I, if he runs for 621 yards and eight touchdowns, you're in trouble. Alright. Mm. So we should be worried about that. Mark, you're in trouble. I'm gonna bet the under on both.


No, I shouldn't because that, I should bet the over on both. That'd be a hell of a hit. That's probably even better than he. No, hed no hedged. We're not hedging. Yeah. Well hedging on this podcast. Congratulations guys. No, stop it. No, no, no. Stop. You want your bet. It No, You, you just said you wanted to stop. Stop. Why are the guns out? So because you're, you're trying to jinx us and the guns will stay out. All right. Fine. I would vote Asti. Most people are going to vote. Travis Hunter. Okay. That's why you don't have vote. That's not why you don't. No, it's out. Definitely. Why don't have vote? I think my, they have 870 people who vote on this award. No idea. Idea. I think one day you'll have a vote. No, I don't want vote for these things. We Should try To get, try to get he votes for the biletnikoff and something else. I just, I just don't want Well, they tried to give you one, you said no.


Yeah. Why? How could you do that to the sport that you love? Li Liam Bluman who has votes for the Biletnikoff and something else. Does he have A Heisman Vote? He doesn't have a Heisman vote. Wait a minute. Liam Bluman has votes. Oh Yeah. No contest. College football is big. Yeah. Liam Bluman has votes for multiple things. I think that, I mean, he watches his most ball. Yeah. If you call yourself a college football expert, you, you say that you love the sport. Wouldn't you want your voice as somebody who pays attention and, and knows what he's talking about? Because these awards are, most, these awards are mostly bullshit. Like Travis Hunter, for example, is a finalist for the bull. See, he's getting dirty here. No. Can you guys listen? Why don't you let people talk? We actually do. Just not you. He is, Travis Hunter is a finalist for the Biletnikoff, which is for the best receiver.


But he is not a finalist for the Thorpe Award. The best defensive back he Should have Been. He's a better defensive back than he is receiver. Even though he is been great at receiver, there's there's better receivers than he. Than he is. Yeah. But there's not, I don't think there's three better defensive backs than he is agreed. Was that A problem? No, I'm, I'm fine. I think he, I've calmed down. He should win both. I've calmed down and the Heisman Of calmed down. Why, why? How come when they do the Heisman pose, they don't actually do the pose. They don't, I don't I think Desmond Howard broke it. He did. He, Yeah. In 1991 when he did it, he, he hiked the leg up too high. And I think he broke it. It's berenstein bears. It's like Yeah. The, the statue. Both feet are on the ground. They're not doing the Heisman. They're doing the Howard. Yeah. Right. And Howard broke it. Howard did break it. But the Howard, I mean, it's Cool If, if, if you were to do the actual Heisman pose and just do this, that, but when you hike that leg up Yeah.


After you score a touchdown, you're amped up and then you just put both feet calmly on the ground. Yeah. That, that doesn't Do, it doesn't, it doesn't hit yet. Are you pro or anti-state putting a flag into the middle of the field? I am anti the furor about it. This has been happening for decades and years. And post rivalry. If you want rivalries to matter and be great, well, this is what comes with it. There are skirmishes. There are fracas. And that's just reality. They're, there're fracas. They're not real fights. And they're, and, and, and, and, and, and again, I don't like the, the phrase, if you don't want 'em plant the flag. Beat 'em. Well, they fucking tried to beat him, but it's just whatever. Here's my, here's my problem with anyone who's getting on, you know, a white horse, no ivory tower and being like, can't do this white.


Don't do this White knighting. Yeah. White knighting. There it is. You can't do this. Don't do this. I'll have the family do that. The, the problem with it is, guess what, next year before rivalry week. Yeah. Every single fox, N-B-C-E-S-P-N-C-B-S, you don't think they're gonna play video of all those moments to get people to watch. Yeah. You don't think the Michigan, Ohio State Pepper spray is gonna get played? So Spare me. Yeah. Spare me. Gus Johnson. What, what's the step? Do they ban flags? No more flags. No. I want all, all this. I love it. I think that's exactly what Rivalry Week should mean. I know. It's, it's, it's the, that is one of those things that if you take that out of this sport, it's the NFL and it, like, these are the, like it's already becoming the NFL paying the players, which I'm all for.


And my idea for the divisions, which I think will eventually happen, keep college football, college football, keep this like anger and, and this real bitter rivalries like that. It doesn't ha it's not gonna happen if the chiefs play the Ravens in the a FFC championship Game. No, no. It, it's what what It's the tip of the sword to college football. Right. If you want the passion, if you want the fight, if you want all this, then it comes with this. Yeah. It, it comes with this. And this isn't that big of a deal. Like the pepper spray the other day was crazy. It's just a bunch of players up in each other's face yelling at each other. That's not a real fight. No. It just separate 'em, send 'em to the locker rooms and be done with it. That Was a tough look for Ryan Day, by the way. I dunno if you guys saw that video. It was a tough look for Gus Johnson. No, but Yeah, but Ryan Day, like the, the video just standing there.


He just literally was just like, walked over like looking like he was like a little kid looking at a car crash. Yeah. He also took pride in his players defending midfield. Even though, like after the game, he, he tried to salvage a little bit of self-respect. He was like, I'm really proud of my guys for the, for what they did right after the game was over. Yeah. As he just stood silently and motionless as, as Jack Sawyer is having a meltdown. I feel bad for Jack Sawyer. I do too. That one was tough because he Like the defensive players that came back to win the national in, they still can win the national title. Defensive players came back to Beat Michigan and win a national title and they go oh and four against Michigan. That's, that's, that's a rough. And and there was nothing that they could have done. No. Yeah. How do you feel about Michigan these days? I don't, I I don't really think about Michigan at all. That's, I, we talked about Michigan for like 10 minutes.


We were talking about Ohio State, Michigan. Definitely think about them. We were talking about Ohio State, not Michigan. Michigan's a non-factor in college football in 2024. Brandon, who, which team is most likely to cause some chaos in the college football playoff? 'cause I'll throw one out for you. Okay. You ready? Chaos. I'll, I'll throw one out for you. The one like, and, and what I mean by that is we're talking about Oregon. We're talking about Yeah. You know, Ohio State. Georgia. Texas. I think Tennessee could cause some chaos. Tennessee's defensive line, Another good defense, another good running game. Nico's starting to play a little better If Nico is starting to play a little Better. He Is. And if he, if he plays at his best. Yeah. If this is like the new Nico that we're seeing, which we've said that before, by the way.


But if this is, if he shows consistency, then yes, they can definitely beat anybody. Yeah. 10 and Tennessee kind of went through a mid-season slump and Nico went through a mid-season slump. I think they're as talented as anybody. They're kind Of, they're so bad in that Oklahoma game. They're kind of under the radar. Yeah, no, I agree. I I think they have, especially if they somehow get a home playoff game, which I think they should. They will. They should probably get one. 'cause I don't, I I would ra I think they deserve one over. They deserve one over, well I think it's gonna be Ohio State or Tennessee. 'cause Notre Dame's gonna be five Penn State's gonna take one of the home playoff games. And who am I forgetting? And Georgia will probably take another one. Or Texas, they're gonna, they're gonna be right in that flip flop zone with probably Ohio State. It's one of them might host the Other. I think Tennessee probably has to get it over Ohio.


I think they should because they have two losses and Yeah. And they have the same amount of losses, but they haven't lost as late as Ohio State lost. But that, that, if that's Tennessee, Ohio State at that eight, nine matchup, is that where it intersects? 5, 6, 7, 8. Yeah. Eight Nine. Because you would assume Yeah, Georgia and Penn State or, or say Texas and Penn State, but Georgia and Penn State, because they both would've, or Georgia would've three losses. Penn State are gonna buy the Way you keep saying Penn State. Well, they could. Yeah. I'm throwing out, I'm just throwing out like who's favorite in the game. Max. Yeah. Cool. Down. It's a three point throwing out. He is throwing out his Slot. So, but do you know how annoying it is if I say Oregon, Penn State, Texas, Georgia. Let's the loser of Oregon, Penn State. Okay. The loser of Oregon. Penn State will get a buy or will get a home playoff game.


The loser of Texas, Georgia will get a home playoff game. Yeah. Notre Dame will get a home playoff game. Ohio State and Tennessee. Boy, if I'm, if I'm or Oh, what are you doing? It's a college football expert. Liam Bl He turned on his mic real Quick. Really? So there Wasn't No, there was not. I just, I texted him, brought I found out he had votes. Oh. I will always talk ball with Liam Bluman. Liam Bluman. Our college football. Most the, the number one ball watcher. Mike's not plugged in. Mike's not plugged in. Well, you should Probably plug that in. Just, you can take Brandon's Mike. He's A man of few words. The number one ball watcher in America. I I I have said that many times. I just said it. Liam Blattman has, has joined us very quickly. Liam Bluman. I have a simple question for you.


A simple question. Y'all Don't have a producer knows how to plug into mic. He Knows how to plug. Mike. You hate producers Brent. Alright. Yeah, you are. You're like Ellen DeGeneres around here. Liam Bluman. You Don't look like Ellen if you had a vote. Oh, I don't. A little bit. You do. Yeah, I can see it now. If you had a vote for Heisman, who would vote for And you like That? If I had to vote for the Heisman, I would vote for Ashton. Oh, get outta here. Get outta here. Get outta here. I would happily Be okay with Travis Hunter winning. Because I think that these are the two best Heisman like contenders that we have had in so long. That's what I said. Neither is a loser. It sounds better coming from head. Should door should be number three in the Heisman voting too. I don't know what's going on there. Agree. I guess split votes That that is a possibility.


But I think I would personally vote for Genti. I think it's not talked about enough that the seconding Russia in the country is Ashton Genti after contact. I think it's insane. I said that he does. He he He's hard to bring down. It's crazy to watch. He's also His Heisman run. This is Backfiring. PFT. His Heisman run was derailed because of injuries. Foot injury. Stamina is important. Stamina is Important. Yeah. He was in a boot After. Didn't win the stamina award. What All stamina Award. What all votes Do you have? Tell us all the votes you have by the way. What Votes do you have? Biletnikoff. Biletnikoff. Are you gonna Vote for Nash Hunter for that? I vote for Nick Nash. Yes. Triple Crown, Nick Nash, San Jose State.


One of my big things about like wanting so badly again to the voting scene, like personality thing in college football was the group of five. Representation. Representation for all the other people that didn't do it. So I thought to myself, if I don't vote for Nick Nash. Yeah. Nick Nash is a letter I You've become who you hated. Correct. So four years ago, Liam would be livid. I you know like Jerry Sterns got robbed of his biletnikoff Right. A few years ago. So Nick Nash, triple Crown leader, it's kind of a no-brainer. Yeah. He's electric. What other votes do you have? Dave O'Brien. Who you voted for there? Shado. Okay. What else? I'd Like to give you a low man trophy Vote as well. I vote. Okay.


North Dakota state's fullback. Oh. Oh, okay. Alright. Tough name to say. But Did you also just out yourself as being biased towards Astro Gente over? Yes you did. Travis. That's a great point. Max. That's a great point. You said you just outed yourself for being biased towards Ash and Jenny. Over Travis Hunter. You did. 'cause he's GG Five. Yeah. You did. Oh, that that, That's a fair Point. PFT. Do you wanna do the low man nominees? Yeah, we actually have the list. Yeah. So let's finish with that. Oh, actually before we finish that Bluman answer this one question. We're taping this again at two 30 in the afternoon, but Al they're gonna get Alabama in, aren't They Alabama's a hundred percent on the pilot. Yeah. It sucks, but it's gonna happen.


So they would go in over SMU who loses or, or or they go in over, they go in over Clemson or Clemson. You Would they go in over SMU if they lost to Clemson? That would be the Travis dude. That would open up Two spots though, wouldn't It? No. No. If Clemson B Clemon. Clemson. Yeah. Clemson Steel. That would be the travesty. SMU should be in over Alabama. If SMU loses the, the change You think SMU is in? I mean Alabama's in regardless. Yes. Oh. And I don't think they should be. But as a fan of college football, what A, what a Against it. I kind of love the chaos factor of Alabama again in there and make stuff happen. I, I just, I don't think they're good enough. The fact that we would get like a, a three loss Clemson and a three loss Alabama in would just suck.


Zombie Dabo. Yeah. Alright. Let's do the low man. We'll, we'll we're, this is unveiling the finalist for the Low Man Award, which we're gonna be announcing the winner in a couple weeks. Yes. Does Brandon have a vote? Brandon does have a vote. Okay. Nice. He has not given his vote yet, though. I did not. He Didn't, he didn't submit the ballot. This is why you don't have a Heisman vote. No, It's not. You Don't do the paperwork. You had, I gave you a vote and you you asked me shoot It. You asked me yesterday at five o'clock. I didn't know that. I didn't, you didn't put a clock on me. I didn't know that we were Doing this today. I only gave you 22 hours That You're right. That's not me. Alright. But, and if you have anything to say about any of these guys at PFT. Alright, Feel free. So we consulted the panel, very prestigious panel of current former Fullbacks.


And they submitted these names. These are the most common names. And then we will narrow them down and have a winner in due time. Max Breedon, Michigan, Kanye, Udo, Like that name Army to me. It's great. Christian Moore. UNLV. Go. Go office. Steve Clots, Iowa State. You Like clots? I I like the most so far. Bresson. It's a, it's a great name. Steve O Clots. Yeah. Steve O Clot is great. It's on. Yeah. That's what you think about when you think about a fullback. Gabe Fisher from Vandy. Eli Heidenreich from Navy. That's also The Name. Name, yeah. Great name. It means Argentina.


Heidenreich Tyler Crow from Boise State. He was very good. Even took a few, carries over for Gente because they, RRB two and RRB three were Hurt. Oh. So GenY system back. Sounds like it. Okay. You can't say anything around these guys. Whoa. Jump On it. They're very good. We allow them to say what they want. They're great for college football brand. Thank You. Thank you. You're great for college football. Thank you. Why are you talking down to me? Might be Football expert. They're single Handly going. Travis Hunter, the Heisman. You gotta give 'em some respect. Thank You. I think he had something to do with it. He definitely had, yes. I like 50 50. Can I just, I don't think two people can do anything single handedly. Double handedly. You can Quadruple handly. Okay, That Thought, That's what I thought.


And then the, the final, actually no, I'm gonna add yours. Liam. Yeah. Truman Meyer. How do you pronounce that? Truman Meyer. How he Just said Truman Meyer. Right now. Straight out Fargo Fargo kid went to play at NDSU, North Dakota State. Now look where he is. Made Knowledge rich Still at NDSU. And then the final nominee, this was actually from the A wls. I allowed them to nominate somebody. And truthfully I would've nominated this guy as well. Brock Lampe from Northern Illinois. Instrumental in their defeat of Notre Dame. Yes. So that's your list. Max Bredeson Breedon, Kanye Udo, Christian Moore. Steve O Klotz, Gabe Fisher, Eli Hyden, Heidenreich, Tyler Crow, Bluman.


Oh, Tyler Meyer. Yeah. And Brock. Truman Meyer. Truman Meyer. So that's the list. And we will, we will get the final votes. Okay. Is this given to the fullback who had the best season? Or the man who looks most like a fullback? This is given to the top fullback. I'd Say both. I would for both meet the criteria. Yeah. If your Name is Brock, you have a much higher percentage being nominated. I mean, CLAT in, in good shape. Steve Klotz. Yeah. Historically, if you played for Armed Forces Academy or Iowa, Wisconsin or Iowa, you had a good shot. Yeah. But I mean, that's just where the best fullbacks go. Yeah. And I think we do a good job of awarding them because we have like, you know, professional fullbacks people that take this seriously. He just showed me the North Dakota State Fullback. Lemme see him. He looks All full fullback. He looks very fullback here.


We're talking neck roll. I'm talking 44, I'm talking. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's a fullback. Anyone else? He's got, he's got the nice fullback tilt right there. Yeah. Where he's like not all the way hunched over. Right. But he can still run your ass over. Yeah. Yeah. I love that. Alright. Okay. Well this has been fun. Boys. You know what I love about the college football playoff. What I just realized after having all these conversations, they've secretly turned us like they've tricked us into doing math, but just with names of schools. Like we're doing algebra, like probability. If this team beats this team Yeah. Then they, they made us learn a quadratic formula. Yeah. A brand new one in like 12 months. Our Critical You skills are off the charts. Right.


And You and you could've just looked in the back of the book and seen written Alabama. Yeah. The en the entire time. You could have figured this out. It's like how your dumbest friend from high school was tricked into learning the metric system. Yeah. Buying and selling drugs. Yeah. Like Nikki Smokes could do grams to ounces. Oh, Easy. Easy. Faster than than Google Calendar. Yeah. Alright boys. Thank you Brandon. Great job. Yep. Two time. PMT guest. Liam Bluman. One-time PM mt. Guest. Three time. Oh Yeah. Dingers only. Which, Are you ready for that? I'm ready. We're finally gonna do it. I won Dingers only. You did? I've received no prize. No. Your prizes. You get to come with us and it's gonna be a hell of a video. All right. It's gonna be a hell of a video.


I'm Excited. You ready to run around? Generous. It's okay. You're not generous, Liam. First time PMTI think. What? No. What? I love that. I love, love it. Yep. College football expert. Let's make sure you get to four before Brandon gets to to four. Alright. So want five years, man? 3 9 25. Alright, see you guys. Okay.


Hot Seat. Cool Throne time. Brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram and tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light for an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt. Five winners be selected every Saturday until December 7th. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold refreshment of Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Literally made to chill Coors Light. Coors Light is cold, lager cold filtered and cold packages is crisp and refreshing as the Rockies perfect for a moment to unwind. Even the biggest rivals Agree When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game you choose Chill. And then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibility. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado Henry.


Hot Seat. Cool. Terone My Hot Seat. Are the best players on NBA teams that don't play back to backs? Oh, Oh shit. You stole mine. Load management. Maybe you didn't. Jalen Brown. Yeah. Eastern Conference Finals. MVP. Okay. NBA finals. MVP Aura, MVP. Aura. MN NBA A champion or King, king of the aura on the Celtics. Batman. 99% of the Celtics Aura. Actually no, 50%. 50%. Joe Missoula, 49%. Joe Missoula, 1%. Peyton Prichard. Yeah. At the end of quarters. Yeah. Luke Cornett, he didn't play. So Nix, he was sick. And then he played on Monday, Celtics won. And I think he was talking about, you know, missing the back to back and he said it's hard for teams to be great if some of your best players don't play back to backs.


So yeah. Anyone you know, I don't know who falls in that category. Well, I guess you could probably look at the, there's probably some website that shows, you know, percentage of NBA players that don't play back to backs. But I Just, I think after everything, Anyone that wants to be great After everything he's done for the city, I think Boston can give him a pass. Yeah. No, he, no, he, he acknowledged it. He's like, I wanted to, you know, I, I wanted to play back Toback because I was just feeling sick. Right. He wants to, the reason you wanna play is because it's hard to be great if you don't Yeah. Showing up. You have to show up to be great. And I think, yeah, if I, I think that Star players can get away with doing that if they've got results. You know, if they, if they've got pelts on the wall. Right. If they can say, I won a championship. There's no doubting my commitment to this team Also, I, they lost Sunday.


I mean, it is an interesting strategy if you're like the Celtics and you have a pretty loaded team to schedule your back to backs like correctly. Where it's like one night Jason Tatum sits out one night, Jalen Brown, you'd probably win both games. No, but this is also, That's, that's, that's loser mentality. Okay. All Right. All right. Said it. He said, if you wanna be great, is it hard to be great If you're best players, don't play back Toback. That's True. It's a good point. Is there anyone who doesn't play back to backs? Like there's Gotta be a bunch LeBron. No. LeBron plays back to backs. That's my cool throne. I'll get to it. LeBron played back Toback at, at 40 years old. 39. About to be 40. Is there anyone else? Is the boot the Guy you're referring to doesn't even play single games anymore. So what I don't Even understand.


He doesn't play backs. Oh, KA Hawaii. He, he doesn't play backs, let alone back to backs. Yes. Oh No. Paul George. Paul George. I think Paul George is back tonight, By the way. NBA cup. We do release our picks every Tuesday. Max is really bad. Yeah. Really bad. What's your record, Max? I'm I'm, I am sitting out this NBA season. What's your record though? Bad. I don't know Bad. Even the NBA cup season. So we're in a competition. We're gonna No, I'm going to keep doing my picks, but I, I'm just so bad at it. What an endorsement. I'll Say it. I am, I'm a full NBA cup guy. Oh, I I thought that it was lame last year. But I, the courts, I love the what? The courts I love. You're just taking your heels into that state.


I Do. I like the courts. I like something different. The courts I love. I also love the fact, and this is probably because I like to gamble on overs that teams are playing for point differential. That makes it fun. Where it's like at the end of a game where it shouldn't mean anything. Teams are still trying to score to get the point differential up. I'm an NBA Cup guy. I I'm locked in on the NBA cup. Yeah. I've never been this hot. Yeah, Yeah, no you are. Yeah. You're, you're bla hot The Wizards 'cause it started last year. I think they're like the worst team in N NBA A Cup history. Oh no. Yeah. Setting records. Yeah. Well this is part of the plan. It's the process. But Max is getting Cooper Fuck. No, he, he disavowed. So where, wait, max, what is your record for the NBA cup? I am Two and seven On my, That's not good.


That's tough. Where are you Big Cat? I think I'm like six and three or something. Yep, you are exactly six and three. Yeah. No idea. No, but 500 do fall us. We Playing it. What am I oh five and four. Just curious. You're eight and one. I'm eight and one. I'm eight one. That's while we're asking For records. Memes. What did you go on Sunday in the NFL picks? I went oh one on the FL picks on Sunday. Sunday. On Sunday. I went on Sunday and Sunday. Oh, semantics. But yeah, the NBA cup we're, we're releasing our picks on all of our socials on Tuesday. We're in a competition. So follow along. Follow P fts Hot. Where's the winner? Get 10,000 free bet. You know what if I get, if I get the free bet, yeah.


I'm gonna Mississippi, I'm gonna hang out for a while. That's The, the I here say something nice about the Sixers ready for it. I am a full, this Wasn't about the Sixers by the way. It's just wasn't hypothetical players that don't play back to bat say something about Nice about the NBA. I'm a full blown Jeremy McCain fan. Stan. I've watched all his tiktoks. He is. The fact that he pisses people off makes me like him. But then more than that, watching his tiktoks. It's the old rule of if you watch something, if you watch someone do something that they genuinely love, it kind of puts a smile on your face. He genuinely loves doing tiktoks. And I find myself smiling when I watch him. I also love the fact that he's awesome.


Yeah, No, He's really good. So like, if he's making the tiktoks and he's stunk would be different than everybody. Be like, fuck this guy. I'd still be a fan of the tiktoks. Well what happens is he makes people so mad with the tiktoks and then he goes out and he just drops in insane Game on you and tells you that he's rookie of the year and it makes his opponents so much more angry at him. Yeah. Yeah. I have a yes or no question. Okay. That Would be good, I think to get on the record. It's a Good segment. Oh, Three years from now. Okay. Will the city of Philadelphia have broken McCain? Mm, No. I think they're embracing Him. Simmons? Yeah. They've broken and bead.


Oh man, that's a good question. Maxie. It's a good question. Tyra Maxie might be broken. No, I think mentally, I mean, he's gotta deal with Joel and bead. 'cause I mean you're But Elephant in the room. Max, you forgetting about the elephant in room. Max's always been like, he hasn't, you know, he's, he's one A one, but he's never been like, and B, you know, got all the shine, Simmons got all the shine. Now McCain is really getting all the shine on the Sixers and still not Maxi. So yeah, Max, I will fight for you to not have that happen because I like Jared McCain so much. Just a yes Or no question. I'm gonna say yes. I think it's, it's Completely fair to ask that question because it is like, if the second things start going poorly Yeah. It's very easy to be like, this guy needs to get off TikTok, How are the Eagles playing?


That's the question. There Has to become a point where we stop talking about the Sixers In the three every week talking about, we're talking NB literally we're talking about the NBA. We're talking about named Ben Simmons and Joelle MB we're talking. So Explain to me how that is not talking About the six Max. We're talking about the rookie of the year. Yeah. Max National Sports Podcast. We made Hank literally, Hank just brought up Ben Simmons and Joel MB. See I disagree Max. I think we're allowed to talk to this about the Sixers until Christmas day. If they don't have 10 wins and they're done. That's the deal. End of Christmas Day. End of Christmas day. If they don't have 10 wins in Philadelphia is broken and bead Simmons, that robot. The Liberty Bell. Liberty Bell. Liberty Bell Crack. That robot. Fuck that Robot. The robot. Yep. Yeah, I'm With you. Yeah.


Nick Siri's brain. Fuck That guy. No, Siri's all the way back. Yeah. Oh all the way. Oh my God. If you don't think he's got a little crazy that he's just waiting for the first crack, he's just gonna, he's gonna shave his head again. Baldoni undefeated. Oh, they broke Carson Wind. Ani. Yep. Donvan McNabb. Yeah. Well no, Ryan Howard. Mike Shanahan broke him. Ryan, He guys booed him on the way out, didn't you? Not me. Okay. Ryan Howard Broke. You broke Trey Turner, then you put him back together. Yep. Yep. How about That? He's like Humpty Dumpty. Yeah. Alright. Good Hot Seat. Hank. About the NBA. Yeah. What's your cool term? My Cool Thrones getting hacked.


Oh. Did you guys see this? No. Obviously congrats to Josh. He got engaged over the holiday break. Josh Allen. Yeah. Josh Allen. Allen. Our Guy Josh Hayley. Steinfeld Steinfeld. Steinfeld Steinfeld. Steinfeld Steinfeld. His ex Brittany was someone, I think she's supposed to TikTok and someone commented asking her like, you know, when is she gonna get another athlete boyfriend or something? And she replied her account replied, sorry. Luckily my boyfriend owns a team and doesn't play for one, don't have to be with another brain dead CTE athlete. Oh, That's mean. But also, listen, About an hour later she posted on Instagram, she said, I got hacked.


So someone Oh, that's, that's definitely what a hacker would do. I think She, when was this? This was on on Friday. It was like after the news bro. Most Hackers. Yeah. I think she probably, she got hacked by Pinot Grigio. Yeah. Most hackers will will have a very specific reply. Yeah. About how you're actually living your best life. Is Brittany the Yeah, that's the nicest hacker ever. Yeah. Yeah. To just be like, no, I'm gonna come to my, my girl. I hacked this girl's account and now I'm gonna come to her defense. Actually, the person's account who I hacked, they're doing great. Yeah, They're, you don't even know She's, she got hacked by a chiefs fan trying to like slander. Yeah. Josh Allen. They're thriving. She's, She's focusing on herself, which honestly she deserves to do. And by the way, Brittany is the most ex name of all time.


Yeah. Every, every Brittany is somebody's ex. It's Brittany bitch. Good job Hank. Nice job Hank. Thanks. My Hot Seat is Hank. Oh Hank. Who are the members of the Four ACEs? Oh, Dustin Johnson. Varner Perez. It's not Uline 'cause you just won a DP World Tour event. It is double penetration. Come on, Hank It. I don't know. Oh You know this guy? Is he old? He's, No, no, he's, you gotta make sure you keep, keep track of your, your wallet.


His wife has burners maybe hacked. Oh, re Yeah, Actually incorrect. Hank. Oh, there's a fifth ace. They just acquired Thomas Peters. Oh. From the Range goats. So there are five four ACEs right now. You Knew that Thomas Peters on the Range Goats. Yeah. Oh yeah. So There are five four ACEs. Pat Perez's contract ends on January 1st. So as of right now, that's Awkward. There Are five four ACEs. That's very awkward. So can you remember those? We'll quiz you on those later. So Perez out, Out Peters in. Yeah, That's a, that's a stacked team. Yeah. My Other Hot Seat is Mike Green Greenberg. Oh. Because baseball is implementing some very dumb rules.


Maybe they're floating some very dumb rules. Oh, I haven't heard this. And this sounds like it's right outta Mike Greenberg's brain. That's why he's on the Hot Seat for not thinking of this first Rob Manford is talking about like the winter meetings and all the stuff that gets discussed in the off season baseball, whatever that might be. And there's a new rule that he says has a lot of buzz going around the meetings. Okay. It's called the Golden at bat. The Golden at bat is a rule change that MLB is considering. Wait, implementing Wait, Can I guess what the Golden at bat is? Yeah. Yeah. I guess Because I actually think this would be awesome if this is what it is at, at any point in the game you can go out of order and put anyone up. You Can put one player up. Yeah. Yeah. Is that it? The, that's the golden bat.


Oh, I love this. Now they're floating out the, it's a show. Hey Rule. They're floating out the idea that it might be only if your team is trailing and then they have to figure out what's gonna happen if, like, if you wanna move show hey up like two spots in the lineup and then it gets on base and then his turn comes around in the order. Does he get to bat again? Oh yeah. Or do They have to like flip flop Positions? Ghost Runner. I would love a ghost Runner. Ghost Runner would Rock. Ghost Runner would be awesome. Isn't there isn't? Isn't there a mathematical way though where you could just put him like five spots back where it would basically be mathematically impossible for him to be on base? No. With The amount of outs, no. Five spots back or Whatever I'm saying. Yeah, It would be, there would be a certain amount. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I don't know what five is just a random number. Yes. Where it could be bases loaded and you have two outs.


It's that Base scenario. Yeah. Like let's just say The bats first. Se the second guy gets on, the third guy gets on that bases loaded. And then let's say The fourth gets out, the fifth gets out. So s seventh. Yeah, sixth. Sixth would be up seventh. So first and seventh you Could do it. But I think the idea is that when you have like much a, a hitter that's up that you don't think is gonna get a hit, then you can be like, Hey, instead of Aaron judge hitting, let's just have John Carlos Stanton hit twice. I like this rule. I think that makes it cool. Baseball hard are be mad. Oh, so mad. Think about like the ninth inning when you're like, oh, you know, shhe made the last out. But he can, he can bat again and we're down two. That's cool. This Is one of those rules that it sounds fun to talk about because this is what baseball does.


There's just like so many different opportunities to make the game more entertaining that you have an endless supply of like wrinkles that you can put in. But once it gets into the game, I feel like that's gonna be very weird to watch. I think that, I don't think I'm gonna like it. I like, I like o like I like this. It's, I think it's a great Idea. It's, yeah. Do you know what they should need to do to make it, even though is the defense, the pitcher should, you should be able to bring one pitcher back golden Arm. 'cause then you could like bring in a guy to pitch against a lefty, then put 'em back in the bullpen and then bring him back in. I don't know. That would probably get confusing. I like the golden bat rule though. 'cause it does, it just makes it so that games will be exciting at the end. What I really want them to do is to implement the idea of having challenges for strikes.


Yeah. But it's just done by the batter at the plate and he has to say it immediately. Yeah. I mean they have that in in minor, Minor league. There's some minor league baseball teams Done. Yeah. Where they, they have one challenge and they just immediately look at it. Yeah. I like this. I see I Golden the bat. But you start ing one. No, I think it's just golden in the bat. You just get to do your order over where you get to put your, your best guy up because it's just, I mean, numbers not Mean anything to you guys anymore. Am I the only one that loves the numbers in baseball? No numbers mean jack shit at this point. It's, I mean think about it. It's just, you know, you if you get to the, the bottom of the ninth and you can be like, our best guy's now gonna bat. That's cool. The Numbers that actual baseball fans care about now are the dumbest num.


Like, it's like if you talk to a true seam head, they're talking about like the random, you know, war OBGR. Like they're just the numbers. They're like, the actual important numbers are like who cares? I also think let's make baseball entertainment. I also think p Ft, they kind of like, it's the point of no return as soon as they did the pitch clock, which I'm in favor of the pitch clock, the like rule that if you come in the game you can, you have to fa face a certain amount of batters. A Slightly bigger bases. Yeah. Throws over to first. As soon as you do that, you've changed the game and how it's played. So it's like why not? Okay. I could Be on board with this, but I, what I really wanna see is some nerds go back and do projections for like what Babe Ruth's numbers would've been if they had the golden at bat.


Well If they only do, if you can only do it when you're down extra at bat A game. Yeah. If you only can do it when you're down down, it's probably gonna end up being like, what, 20 extra bats. A like if it's, it's a certain amount. 'cause you probably wouldn't, I think you do, You can't do it only when you're down. I think both teams gotta be Able to do it. Yeah. But it won't happen as often because think about it, it has to be a, if you, if you, if they did the rule where it's, you're only down, it has to be half the, like it has to be every game you're down. So it's whatever split that in half. And then it also has to be all the games that your guy wasn't gonna come up anyway. Yeah. So it could maybe like 30, 40 at bats extra. What they really need to do is just make red zone for baseball. Yeah. They should make it that if the player, if he's on base, he can come out, but the opposing team gets to pick the pinch runner so they can pick The slowest, the Fattest, fattest guy.


Yeah. Maybe there's just, every team has to carry a 26 guy that's the, that's over 300 pounds. That would be awesome. Just a like you get the golden at bat. But that like how awesome would it be? Like, oh, a golden at bat's coming up. Hopefully he gets a single so we can watch a fucking fatso run around the bases. I like that idea. Also one of the infielders gets a knife. Yeah. I'm in for that. The Cool Throne today is gonna be Instagram hockey. There's a guy that does Monday night hockey. I forget his name. Steve. It is Steve Ette. He works for the Rangers. Means maybe you can provide some insight as to this guy.


So he went after Jack Hughes because in the, in the game on Monday night, Jack Hughes had a breakaway. And then he did like a few too many moves on the breakaway and tried to score with one hand on a stick. Yeah. And Steve Quet went after him and was like, this is a clown show. You're trying to show up your opponent, you're trying to embarrass the other goalie. In my day, we would've had guys coming over the boards at you. This is Instagram hockey. This isn't real hockey. Also, side note, he didn't end up scoring on it. Okay. Ster can stop the shot. Yeah. But in hockey, the idea is to beat the goalie. Right. On a breakaway. Right. So who cares if you juke him out too much? Or The goalie's gonna be embarrassed by any goal.


Right? Correct. But I also, this goes back to, and this was a safe. Yeah. It was safe. This goes back to how we love these type of guys being around sports. Oh yeah. We need Don Cherry needs a guy like this to step up and, and take the torch for him in the future. Who just hates fun stuff. Yeah. Crying about Mike Malarkey. Yeah. We Need old guys that get pissed off over stupid shit. Because that actually makes sports more fun for those of us who aren't old who get pissed off Prisco the Yeah. Yeah. Prisco, the, the, all the people who were tweeting that like the flag, you know, stuff during rivalry week was too far and someone's gonna get hurt. I love those guys. Yeah. You need them. It was a big day for flags. It was Big day flag.


But like, it's just, it was one of those situations where I need someone on the other side to be like, this is actually really bad and Dangerous. Yeah. Because I don't want to have to invent a straw man in my head. Right. That I can argue against. Right. And be be like, I, I can't believe there's some people out there that think this isn't fun. Right. That would then we would just, it's good to have, you'd just be, we'd be illa. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. It, it fills a valuable role for us. Right. To have somebody who actually believes this stuff. So, did Jack Hughes say something about it? What do he say? Memes. Yeah. I, I had max pull up the clip. Okay. Let's see. Caster thought that you were trying to embarrass Sister Turkin.


Just take me through that and what was your reaction to, to hearing that? What did he say? He said that he thought you were trying to embarrass the turkin on that breakaway when you come to the fourth bird. Yeah. I mean, I don't, I don't even know what that means. Like what does that even mean? Yeah. What, I don't even know what that means. It's literally like Alan Iverson was trying to embarrass his defenders when he crossed them up. Yeah. I like to imagine that Jack Hughes actually just didn't understand what those words meant. Well, It's, it, I think he was being nice, but his real answer was probably like, yeah, no shit. I was trying to embarrass him like, Yeah, it's my job. That's literally A shootout. Right. Like I want to do the filthiest. Yeah. Nastiest. Like most embarrassing goal that you can score And score. Yeah. I'm a fucking goal scorer.


And it's good for the sport. It is good for the sport. Yeah. Also, this guy's good for the sport because we're talking about the sport. Absolutely. And hockey season hasn't even started yet. Yeah, It hasn't started. Alright. My Hot Seat is beta males because the Bears did a press conference. They're looking for leader of men. Yeah. They're very clear about that leader of men. I think they've said the phrase leader of men too many times. And then DJ way too many times DJ Moore says like, what are you, they ask him, what are you looking for? Head coach? He's like, well, Kevin Warren told me we're looking for a leader of men. Yeah. It seems like they're obsessed with the phrase leader, leader Of men. I'm, I'm staying cautiously optimistic, but I will say that the immediate press conference after with Kevin Warren and Ryan Polls did not give me a lot of confidence because it feels like Kevin Warren is now running the show.


I feel bad for Ryan Polls because I honestly think there was a report that he wanted to fire Iber flues after the Patriots game. Yeah. Also, Jalen Johnson basically told Iber flues to fuck off in front of the whole team after the Lions game. And that was the moment where they're like, oh, we should maybe fire this guy. Yeah. But yeah, it looks like it might be a mess. And they're looking for leader of Men during The Postgame speech. Apparently Jalen Johnson was just like, the same fucking thing happened over. I've heard the speech five times in a row. Yeah. Shut the fuck up Matt. Yeah. And then Matt Ebra flu just in a very non-leader of men fashion, closed his mouth and just ended the speech after a couple seconds. There was also something at, I read Big Cat where they did the, the press conference on that that Friday morning.


Yeah. And they started the meeting behind the scenes. Yeah. With Kevin Warren. Ryan Pulls and McCaskey. George Micki. Yeah. So they started that meeting at 7:00 AM Matt Ebra flu's press conference started at 9:00 AM Yeah. I can explain this, but, but the meeting of whether or not to fire Matt Ebra flus wasn't concluded until like 10:00 AM Yeah. So that, that tells me that in this meeting that lasted three hours, there was somebody who was passionately trying to defend No Matt Ebra fleece and not let him be fired. No. What I think happened was George McCaskey was like Michael Scott being like, explain this to me. Like I'm five that I have to pay this guy to not work. And they just had to go over that, over and over and over.


He was Just looking at what the was like future bank statements were. Yeah. He was like, wait, so he's not gonna coach anymore this year, but he's our head coach And we have to pay him. 'cause I feel like, and they're like all, let's go over this for the 75th time George To get your head coach. But like, but we're paying one already. Yeah. We're Paying one right now. How does this make sense? I Feel like in a three hour meeting, somebody probably had a dissenting voice in this. No, they Probably are just, I mean it's, it's, it's bad. It's bad. And then they Pulls, pulls like the, the clip, which was a great, the hard knock saquon clip where there was the one guy in the room being like, you know, someone's gonna pick him up. Like, and they're like, who, who's gonna want Saquon? He is like, anyone that wants a good running back. Yeah. If you could tell he was fighting for it and would just getting overruled. I, I and Ryan Polls deserves some, a lot of criticism for how this year has gone.


But I do think that he is, it's pretty clear that he is being held back and not being able to do what he wants to do. Because there also was a report that he wanted to fire. I flues last year and was told not to. So Yeah. Smart. Yeah. It's fun times. But Leader of Men, we're gonna get a leader of men. Someone who can lead some men. I like that. Also. Really, like, I don't feel bad for Uber flu because he got paid to not work and I'm sure he'll get a job somewhere else. 'cause that's how all coaches work out. But what a terrible, terrible like 48 hours where essentially every single person called you a pussy. Yeah. They're like, we need a leader of men. We didn't Have, what we had was not a leader. Men, we Didn't have one of those guys. You could lead a man.


Maybe it's, its also, but men, it's So funny that they're going out and they're like looking to hire somebody to lead them. Yeah. It's like, I want you to come into this office and show me how you would dominate me. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Pay a lot of money for that. Yeah. Okay. My cool. Thrown My last question. Yeah. Because I'm, is it, what's the timeline and just like off season? Yeah. I mean, they'll probably hire someone within the first week of the off season. I mean, they're guys have to, well, unless they hire from outside. Do you know what I mean? Like, if they hire someone who doesn't have a job right now, it could be sooner. But if it's Ben Johnson, it's gonna be longer. I I I'll read the, the power rankings to you real quick. It was interesting what the computer spit out this morning. There was I think Ron Rivera's available Stop the 49 ERs power ranking was, should probably start fresh and Fire Shanahan.


And then the Bears were below the 49 ERs and it said, need a new head coach. If anyone can think of a team that probably should start fresh and fire their shanahan. Hmm. Seems like that's a match. Well You guys play Shanahan this week, right? Yeah. It's true. You guys are on on back to back weeks trying to impress Yeah. On their Coaches. Yeah. I actually think the Bears gonna win that game. I think they're gonna play for Thomas Brown and my cool throne is, I have two. One is for LeBron James. So LeBron played a back to back. Is there any big players that don't play back to backs? It's tough to Be a great team if you don't Yeah. Jalen Brown. Yeah. Jalen Brown. Well he had his tummy. Tummy ache. Yeah. He, but also championship. He played the back of the back toback Eastern. He played the first back. He didn't play the front.


Yeah, he played, he played the front and M bp. LeBron James kept his streak of 10 point games alive in his back to back. And it was when he was down 25 points in the fourth quarter with eight minutes left when LeBron James usually is not in a game. Yeah. But they kept him in so that he could get that. Well, I mean he probably only played for what, 15, 17 minutes He played. So he, I mean, credit to him. He did play it back to back. He played 31 minutes. Oh, okay. LeBron's old. No, he is not, he's not, he's not old because the second I admit that LeBron is old. Guess what? We're old. We're old. But I think it's happening.


He's not old. I think it's happening. It's been incredible that he's almost 40 years old and he's still in the league. But it's happening. You know what I, I realized the other day, Derrick Henry, you would consider him to be old, right? He's Like, what, 29? I think he's, I think he might be a year younger than Hank. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. No, he's ancient. Yeah. He's 30 years old. Sold Cup Degen also fucked him up. Okay. So we're Not talking about why do you have to inject Philly into every conversation That we're Philly into Everything. That was a really nice tackle. I mean the, like Derrick Henry caught the ball and turned around. He, it wasn't like they were both squared up.


Yeah. Okay. Took him off his feet All Yeah. Yeah. No, it was a really nice tackle. But it like, wasn't like his job. It wasn't like he showed up work. Derrick Henry was running full force. Cooper de Jean was running full force. Cooper de Jean fucked him up. Derrick? Yeah. Derrick Henry also has 60 pounds on him. Okay. And he, and he lifted him off his feet form tackled the, should put that in textbooks. Textbooks. What kind of textbook? What kind of textbook would that be in? Football textbook. What? Oh, now we're above football textbooks. No, I took football in, That's where I thought we're down for football Textbook. I took football in college, but we didn't have a textbook. We had film Relax Buddy. We're down for football textbooks. I forgot my other cool throne. God damnit. This should be a football textbook. Yeah. Oh, I remember my other Cool Throne.


'cause it's right there. Ryan Day on The Cool Throne because I dunno if you guys saw this. This is from the 11 Warriors podcast. Now it is out of con, not out of context, but it's a one minute clip. So they could have been joking. I'm gonna give them at least the out there that we don't know the full thing. But the one minute clip is very, very funny. And I also, I respect these guys because every fan does this where if you have a tragic loss, you cope as hard as you can. Have you guys seen this clip? No. Okay. It is quite something. So Ryan Day officially on the Cool Throne, and here's why. If you wanna, every Ohio State fan I know has spent the last, I don't know what, 15 months screaming that Michigan cheated.


That Michigan cheated. Michigan cheated me and me as well. You know, all of us. Like I think everyone in here was probably, you know, I'm not pointing fingers. I'm one of those people as well. And if that's the case, you'd probably put an asterisk on 21. Probably put an asterisk on 22, 23, maybe a different story because they had time maybe to change signs. But that, that had come out by the time the 23 game came about. So on that thinking, if they cheated to win in 21 and 22, then does day only have two losses to Michigan? Only one of them really considered a bad loss. I mean, does that, is that a fair question to ask? Because they lost to a national championship team, gave 'em probably their closest game. One of their closest games of the season.


Have the, in my opinion, the best offensive drive any team had on that Michigan defense last year. That third quarter running drive to Say of the year has Two losses against Michigan. And if that's the case, and he is only got one really bad, we saw this weekend. I love these guys. I, I wanna stand up for these guys real quick because best offensive really, they really, they undersold it satire, they undersold it a little bit because this year they, Michigan probably also cheated because they had cheated in the past. So now Ohio state's, like, how are they cheating this time? And that got into their own head. This is, I I just, I I love these guys because it is the, this is what fandom does to you where you do a podcast after a horrendous loss and you've spun zone it into actually Ryan Day if you do it.


He's actually only lost once to Michigan and drive of the best drive against the national championship Team. Nobody's talking about that. About that drive for That drive. The Ohio State was national champions. No one's talking about that drive and how they basically won a national championship, Raise a banner in the horseshoe. 2023 national champions, third quarter drive against Michigan. Also, I feel like protecting legacy is more important than winning a football game. And the players protected the legacy of the school. That's facts. By defending their, their midfield against having a flag planted on It. That's facts. I I can't tell. I like, I I I probably have to go listen to the whole thing, but shout out to the 11 Warriors. This is what we sound like when our teams lose. And we, you know, we're like, oh, well it was this, it was this, it was, we make every excuse.


Yeah. But that was, I didn't expect that spin zone one, one loss for Ryan Day against Michigan. I like that. I I I honestly do like this take. And I don't know if we've talked about this with Brandon Walker earlier because we haven't recorded that yet. I really want Ohio State to win the national championship. I think that would be the funniest thing ever. It would, it would be so funny. It would in in, in my dream scenario, I like root for chaos and just for ridiculous things to happen. Ohio State winning the national championship by going through like the easiest schedule ever. Yeah. They don't have to win any Upsets everywhere else. Upsets everywhere else. They don't have to win a single big game. They win the national championship and then Ryan Day gets fired. Yeah. That would be the funniest possible outcome to this season.


Dave can claim that he's won two national championships in a row. Yeah. That, I mean, if you are, if you don't have a, a horse in this race, that's a pretty funny one to back. Yes. I like that a lot. I'd agree. Yeah. No, I actually, I had a similar thought because I went to look to bet Ohio State to win the national championship, but it's 5 1 4. It's, it's 4 75. Not, not enough. I need a little more. Yeah, I mean, I need a little bit more because there's a chance they just crumble. I might do it. Yeah, I might, I I got Oregon. I might sprinkle in some Ohio State. I'm Do Ohio State. All Right, let's do it. Let's do it. We'll do it as a let do it a pod. Are You actually, are you, are you rooting against My bet putting, Are we cashing out? Is there a cash out or No, I'm putting it in right now.


I also already have Fine, I'll do it up from another night. The Eagles bills parlay, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna parlay them as well. I'm gonna wait until Saturday night to make this future bet. 'cause you might go up. Well 'cause I in Ones, well No, at the moment. No it's not, it's not this Saturday. That Saturday night is what I'm Talking about. Two Saturdays. Two Saturdays. I'm gonna wait to put in this bet in two Saturdays That, that's responsible gambling. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it would be very funny. It would be very, very funny if, if Ohio State was able to do it and then they fired Ryan Day. Or it would actually be funnier if they, if Ryan Day won the national title and then went and took the North Carolina job.


Yeah. He's like, I don't wanna do this anymore. You guys, you guys try me nuts. What do you Think would be a funnier outcome if Ryan Day goes through the easiest possible road wins national championship and then he gets an extension afterwards? Yeah, that would be funnier. Yeah. Yeah. He gets an Extension way either way. I'm rooting for that. Yeah. Okay. Let's get to our interview with Steve Smith Before we do that. PFTU got a couple ads


Before we get to Steve Smith. He's brought to you by Neutrophil. The holiday season is all about reconnecting from festive gatherings with friends to special moments with family. Many of us love the opportunity to dress up. You wanna look, you wanna feel our best for the celebrations. But with cold weather and the stress of the season, your hair can take a hit. That's why now is the perfect time to start Neutrophil. Neutrophil is the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand trusted by over 1 million people. You can see thicker, stronger, faster growing hair with less shedding in just three to six months. With neutrophil thinning hair is different for men and women. So a one size fits all approach to hair growth doesn't cut it. They've got multiple formulas for men and women that are tailored to different life stages with a neutrophil subscription. Building a hair growth routine is simple. You just purchase it online. No prescription required. I'm getting involved in neutrophil right now as my hair is starting to grow back. Guess what? I'm gonna have it thick, strong, and it's gonna go fast. 'cause I'm using neutrophil. The cold dry air of winter is unforgiving, but your hair doesn't have to suffer for a limited time. Neutrophil is offering our listeners $10 off your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to neutrophil.com and enter promo code. Pardon? Find out why. Over 4,500 healthcare professionals and stylists recommend neutrophil for healthier hair neutrophil.com. Spelled N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com. And then use promo code. Pardon? And get involved today.


Steve Smith is also brought to you by our great friends over at Campbell's. Today's episode of part of my take, brought to you by Campbell's Chunky Soup is the soup. Soup that eats like a meal. When you think chunky, you gotta think of players like Frank Ragnow, chop Robinson, will Anderson, Sam Hubbard. Dexter Lawrence. Brandon Graham. Yes. Jason Kelsey, Minnie Max. So all powered by Campbell's and chunky Campbell's Chunky Soup is the best. Their cheesy chili Mac that one soup of the month in our poll. That is so good. Absolutely love it. I'm eating soup every day now. It's soup season. Campbell's has the best chunky soup. Their chunky steak and potato is also awesome. Check it out. It's packed with great ingredients. Keep going strong, chunky takes satisfaction to the max of this soup season. Grab a can of Campbell's chunky today.


And now here's Steve Smith. Okay, we now welcome on recurring guest friend of the program and Future Hall of Famer, which we have to talk about. Off the top it is Steve Smith, senior. Steve, first of all, thank you for coming back on. You are a semifinalist this year. I know we talked about this last time you were on, this is the year, right? You need to be in the Hall of Fame. This is crazy that Steve Smith is not in the Hall of Fame. Well, I'm not really sure how to go about it. You know, I'm honored and it's it is cool, you know, and, and I don't know how the voting goes. So, you know, I just kind of wait for my time and, and do that.


But the real reason I have avoided coming on you guys. Yes. One, I owe you hats. Yes, You do. And, and, and you notice I'm not even wearing a la hat just because it was so bad and you guys were so right. Yeah. Just, I, I just wasn't sure what to do. So I just, you know what I did, I, I deal with, I deal with any middle aged father would do. I put my head in the sand and hoped it went away. Yeah. That was a smart strategy. So for people who don't remember, last time Steve was on, it was last year, we made a bet, I think it was Panthers four, four and a half wins. It Was wins a wager.


Wager. Not A bet. A wager. Four and a half wins. Was it? I thought it was even higher than that. It might've been five or six. Yeah. And they didn't even come close. It doesn't matter how high it was, it was real low. Yeah. It didn't happen. Yeah. Yeah. So you owe us some Steve Smith's signature flat brim hats, which we expect to receive. We'll, we'll send you our info, but at least Yes, please. At least you acknowledge it off the top because that was definitely on my list of things to talk about. You got to, yeah. Yeah. You got to, when you owe people things, you have to be willing to, you know, to follow through. Yeah. And I was, I planned on following through, but it was kind of like when you owe somebody some money, you know, owe that bill and they call, you know, when they used to call you and say, Hey, checks in the mail, you know, so I was checks in the mail.


I don't have your address, but checks in The mail. Yeah. I feel like you ignored it for an appropriate amount of time where it was just, you were annoyed by the fact that not only did you lose the bet, but you lost it by like, it wasn't even really close. No, never close. So then you were just like, I just don't wanna have to admit that I was very wrong, but I will eventually and I'll make it. Right. And I actually think, listen, Steve, this goes a long way towards the Hall of Fame case for you being nice to, to journalists, the guys that are being in that room writing your name down. Do you have a, like a sappy story you can tell about a time like Peter King convinced you to keep playing football when you felt like quitting and then he'll feel important and he'll, he'll write your name down for the Hall of Fame. Peter King is important no matter what it has to do with Steve Peter's, the dude man, I like Peter.


Peter does, you know, in training camp, he doesn't get a lot of credit, but in training camp, he goes around a whole bunch of different teams and he talks. So a lot of stuff that you're seeing him kind of print up and, and do, it's been seven or eight months accumulating data information. So Peter King is one of the good ones, man. It's, it's, it's a lot of good journalists out there. It just, sometimes the way they write articles, sometimes it excuse your perspective on the individual when you see them in person. Yeah. So what, what's an example? What, where's the line where players are like, all right, this is bullshit because obviously they got a job to do.


You got a job to do, but what, what, What you're asking the wrong person. Yeah. I guess that's true. Yeah. You, you're lying. I've Been one of those journalists that players have said, yeah. But I think the toughest thing is trying to figure out and find out which guy really actually watches film. How much do they watch film? Because there are times where, you know, I've had guys who say, you man, you don't, you obviously aren't watching a film. I've had some people even on my podcast to say, oh, Steve, you don't understand. You must, you don't watch the games because they're looking at it from their point of view.


A great example is I was, we were talking about Miami Dolphins and how they struggled in the cold weather. Right. Having won, and a fan said, at the bottom of my podcast at the comment was like, you don't watch the games we lost, we lost those three games by one point, bro. A L is a l Yeah. Like, like it's, it's not about like what you see. It's about the end result. And sometimes the end result gets, you get distracted because of the way someone articulates it that you disregard the actual content that they're talking about.


Yeah. So, so let's talk about the dolphins real quick because we, we were talking about on our show, the biggest, there was two things that stuck out. One was Mike McDaniel shivering on the sidelines. That was not a good look. And the second it was nippy. Yeah. And the second was they had 20 missed tackles. And that to me is cold weather affecting you. Where, where it's like you're not getting physical, you're not, you know, putting your, your, your nose in, in the pile and that kind of stuff. So what are the, the, the dolphins have a couple more cold weather games. What is it that they have to fix? Like what's the mentality? Or is it just, hey, this team just can't play in the cold. It is what it is. I mean, I, I think they can play in the cold. I just, I I just really think sometimes that people aren't looking at the teams that they're playing.


Green Bay isn't a, a cakewalk. Yeah. Right. And just like last night when we watched the 49 ERs play the Buffalo bills. The Buffalo bills aren't a cakewalk. And also too, the 49 ERs are injured. They're not extremely healthy. They're not firing on all cylinders. So to blame everything on the cold weather to say the cold weather has these guys not playing, man, you go, I miss tackles happening. The heat. True. Right. It it, it, it doesn't, it doesn't necessarily matter. What happens is when the elements are what they are and the outcome, then all of a sudden the overreaction and the reasoning behind it is always front and center.


Where sometimes it's just, we don't wanna really give credit to the people who get paid, who maybe had a, who had a better and executed a a a better game plan Yeah. Than opposing team. Yeah. It's easier for us. We, we like to just say it's their candy ass uniforms as soon as you put 'em under 40 degrees. It's simple as that. The, to do nothing to do with the X's and O's The Aqua doesn't play in the snow. Yeah. They put on, I mean, you kind of wore, there Were South Beach uniforms. Yeah. I mean the, the Panthers have some candy ass uniforms every now and then where they, you know, where it's like the blue. Wow. I'm just saying, did you feel it? Did you feel it in the cold? You're like, I Know. Stop It. Stop you, you rip up the bears. But I mean, when you'd wear the black uniforms, those, those travel you can play in cold weather in the black, but in the Yeah.


In the blues. You don't wanna see that in an ice game. Yeah. How many teachers though, I Think you know that we're right? Yeah. Yeah. You know, we watched the film, you know, that unfortunately your life has been about football and sometimes dumb people like us can boil it down to just candy ass uniforms and that hurts. I don't like that color. Yeah. I You don't have to like the color i i one candy. I, I disagree. And then I don't think you guys are dumb. I just think you have your perspective that you're, you're willing to die on the hill about. Yeah. I Mean, candy makes sense. If I handed you a lollipop that was orange and teal and I handed you a lollipop that was green and, and, and yellow, like, you would be like, I want the orange and teal. That looks yummy. First of all, two grown men handing each other lollipops is that's a problem.


So that's, Yeah, that is, that's probably a Problem. I'm not, I'm not necessarily sure why you're handing me lollipops and I'm taking it, but I think We can continue normalize giving candy to your friends as adults. I think that's Fine. Yeah. We're, you know what, we're gonna do that as soon as you give us our hats. Next time we see You. The last, when was the last time y'all two? Yeah, just pop what? Just see you pop. Oh. Oh. Yesterday would pop for you. It was yesterday. That question for us. There was, there was Nerds gummy clusters yesterday and I ate like 10 of them and they looked, they actually looked like dolphins Uniforms. That's a different Situation. We're not talking about that. You're talking about just regular old tootie rolls and D dumps. Yeah. I I have a secret candy stash here that I, I'll put people onto it.


I'll be like, Hey, you wanna see this? And I'll hand 'em some candy. So Yeah, you're asking the wrong dudes. We're passing around candy all day And that was talking Miami Dolphins. I Know, but we're not talking, we're not talking about the candy that you guys are talking. Yeah. Steve, I got a question for you. So I'm a Bears fan, they fired their coach. The line that's coming outta Halus Hall right now is they need to find a leader of men. Can you explain to me what a leader of men is? I think so. A leader of men, when you, when you compare this talk, it's really about holding everyone accountable. Not based on your draft status. Not based on, you know, what this individual means to the franchise. That everybody is treated it the same.


However, there are certain people with veterans where they have different, you know, opportunities and different things to do. I think there was a lot of mixed messages going on. A lot of things that probably did not live up to the expectation based on the talent of that team. And so that's what the leader of men is that not someone, not Shelly Shalley and someone sticking to what they believe and kind of making sure that they hold the rest of the team accountable to that as well. Yeah. Yeah. Who's the best leader of men that you've played for? Obviously? Let's see. Recently. So John Harbaugh, John Fox.


They tried that. Yeah, we tried that. John's John's, Who else? Ron Rivera was like a, a player's coach and I, I wouldn't say he's not a leader of men, but I think players, coaches sometimes get a pass where they make themselves more about the players and, and I just, he's a leader of men too. Yeah. I don't even want to go there. When, when, when you have a coach though, and like, it obviously was the, the bears, like the co ifu kind of had lost the locker room. Is there, can you feel that shift in a locker room where it's like uhoh, this is Oh, definitely. And, and, and is there any coming back from, from it you can feel the shift.


Yeah. Is there any coming back from it or is it like, once it happens it's kind of over, The only thing you could do is win games to come back from it. Yeah. The, the way they were losing games, how they were losing games, it got worse. It wasn't improving, it was getting worse each and every time. So that you, you gotta make a step. And I would imagine probably something was said in that locker room after the game that probably was about, hey we, and it wasn't a we it was a he. Right. And that just kind of just it, that was a straw to broke back. Yeah. So in your career, have you, have you had the, the experience of playing for an interim coach?


No, I have not. Okay. 'cause I was wondering That was great. That was a great question. I was, I have a Great question. Great question. Thank you. Yeah. So that I, we always like to bet on interim head coaches when they step in that first week because you get the bump of having a guy that's gone that probably had lost the locker room. And then usually the interim coach would be somebody that's like, you know, big tough guy. Strength and conditioning background might just get you juiced up to run through somebody's face that game that week. But yeah, I guess if you, if you haven't been through it, that's probably a good thing. Because you never had a coach that was fired in season for you. No, I haven't. I've just had a coach get fired right after the team meeting and was talking to us. It was George Seifer as if he was gonna be coaching this next year.


Yeah. That's weird. That was really weird. Yeah. That was extremely weird. Like, hey, make sure you do this. You make, I'm like, this dude about to get fired. What is he talking about? The other thing ha, that happens a lot during losing streaks is the players only meetings and we're big fans of players only meetings. But sometimes there might, you might have too many players only meetings. Yeah. At what point in the season do you decide, hey, it's time to have a players only meeting? And then what gets discussed during those meetings? Since you two aren't a player, I can't discuss it with you. Shit on the player, the meeting Madden. Right? Yeah. Too, too many is too many When you two is too many. Yeah. The first one, you gotta do it after that. If it's not getting done, then you just have to have little conversations on the side.


Yeah. So Yeah. I wanna talk about your panthers. Bryce Young. Okay. Incredible. What he's looked like since he came back from that benching. You ain't lying. What, what happened in those three weeks? Like what I want, I wanna study those three weeks. 'cause it looks like a completely different guy. Obviously he's still got a lot of work to do, but the confidence and like how he's seeing the field is night and day versus what we saw last year, all of last year in the beginning of this year. Well, you just getting a guy that gives opportunity to see the game from a different perspective. See seeing it from the seat versus seeing it from behind the center and getting an opportunity to be coached and seeing, you know, not everybody deals with adversity the same.


But obviously Bryce has shown you that he could deal with adversity. He's used to it. He has a good pedigree. And you know, I, I think I, I've said it from the beginning, I thought it was a great idea just based on how the situation went. He was the first overall pick, really didn't have to fight for his job. It was handed to him. That team wasn't, you know, that team obviously wasn't great looking at the, at the record offensive line sustained some injuries. So there's a lot of different things and you just throw 'em out there and they expect Bryce Young to fix all the ailments of all the other areas that are needed improvement. And so it didn't go well and it kind of picked up from where it start, it picked up where it started with the firing of Coach Wright and then with Coach Canales, same thing.


And Coach Canales, you know, had the authority and also had to perspective, Hey, I think this is the best thing for our team moving forward. And it looks like that was the right move. Yeah. Yeah. It's been fun to watch 'em. I think a lot of people wrote him off. Maybe, maybe us included at some points, but it's Oh yeah. But it's fun to And y'all Did. No, we definitely Did. Yeah. We, I mean we did. Yeah. We watched a lot of the bad games, but it's been cool to see him come back and play Well. So what is, what is Dave Canales doing that is helping Bryce out specifically? Well, one, I have a better offensive line play action. He's under center, you know, you're seeing a lot of different things. He's the RPO game, some of the things he did in college.


So, and then his offensive mind is bringing a different perspective. They're running a football. I mean they're doing a lot of different things compared to last Year. Yeah. I mean, you name it, it's, it's, I mean the heck the points they're scoring, how about the, the type of throws that he's making down the field? Yeah. Yeah. He just seems to be way more confident in every throw that he is making. It was a great game on Sunday. I wanna give you the opportunity to say something nice about Baker Mayfield. Mm. Oh, we lost him. Is he frozen? No, I'm, I'm not frozen. Not frozen. He's a dog. Is he a dog? He's a dog. Baker. Baker? Yeah, I guess so.


I don't Believe it. I'm not buying that dog. That's how I sell him. Yeah, That was a little purse dog you just had right There. Is is he, has he been better than you thought he would be? Well, I don't, he don't care. He doesnt care about me. I don't care about him. Say respect. I like that beef. I think he, yeah, he probably would respect that There's no beef. Sounds Like there's a little bit of beef. Sounds like a little bit of beef. Steve. There's some beef there. Absolutely not. I'll bet you a flat Bri hat there's beef. I bet you I I'll bet you 10 flat brim hats. There's not a beef. Okay. There's no beef. So so if there's no beef, can you say one thing that he's done?


Well, He's doing, he's doing really good. He's throwing the football, he beat the Panthers. He's doing a good job, man. Yeah, I just try, I, what I try to do is I try to leave that alone, man. Alright. Okay. No more, no more beef. Okay. Got it. What what There is, there is, there is no beef. Okay. What, what quarterback can you be critical of right now? Because I you do like to be critical of quarterbacks. Which one are you, you expect more of coming down the stretch? Hmm. I, Kurt Cousins. I expect him. He gotta be better, man. Yeah, Kurt was out there. Kurt was killing it for the other team the other day. Just didn't see that coming. What else do you think they Make the switch?


What'd you say? I don't think they'll make a switch. They got too much. I, I don't know if, I don't know if Michael Pennix is ready to, to make that switch. I I also think the offensive line is for the Atlanta Falcons. It's, it's not great, you know, but Kurt is moving a lot, moving around in the pocket a lot more than he should be. That's not his specialty, but, you know, he, he just gotta play better. Four picks. So that's, that's, that's uncharacteristic of Kurt. Okay. We'll be back to Steve Smith in a second


Quick word from our friends in Aura Frames. Isn't it funny how people we love most are often the hardest to shop for? Luckily there's one gift that everyone on your list that is sure to enjoy and Aura Digital picture frame. We actually got one from Jake and Billy a few years ago. I have it in my house. Listen, if you have kids, you know, you gotta look at, you know you got pictures of your kids. Great gift for parents. My parents have these all over the place. Yes. I love to go down memory lane with, you know, when my kids were a little younger and it is the best gift out there. If you can't think of something to get someone, get the Ora Frame named number one by Wirecutter Ora Frames makes it incredibly easy to share unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. When you give an ora frame as gift, you can personalize and preload it with thoughtful messages and photos. Using the Ora app, making an ideal present for long distance loved ones. It's a gift. So special to use it every day. Save on the perfect gift by visiting Aura Frames dot com to get $35 off Aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code PMT at checkout. That's Aura Frames a URA frames.com code PMT. This deal is exclusive to listeners, so get yours now in time for the holidays. Terms and conditions apply.


Alright, back to Steve Smith. What about, what about the defensive side of the ball? Is there a cornerback that you've seen recently? Maybe a, a new guy on the scene that you're like, that guy can play that that dude would be very tough to go up against. Hmm. I mean, those fifth round picks from the Los Angeles Chargers. Man, those dudes is out there playing well, pretty impressed with them. There's a, there's the defense a little bit this year has been kind of hit or miss, right? You've seen guys play well and then you've seen guys disappear. Guys are playing a lot of zone coverage like the Philadelphia Eagles. They, they're, they're draft picks or bowling. I mean, there's a lot of guys that aren't first round draft picks are really contributing to their teams in ways that people weren't just weren't, were not expecting it.


Yeah. Did you see that Jim Harbaugh said that Lab McConkey reminds him of you? Oh yeah. Yeah. Is that, that's a, I like la Is that a good compliment? I like Lat. Yeah. Lad's been awesome, Man. LA's a dog. I like la I I did a breakdown on Lad I liked him in, at, at Georgia. I was very consistent. I mean, I, I take that as a compliment. I'm, I'm not worried about falling into the Oh, he's this, he's that. Or who reminds me man, if, if, if Coach says that that lad can play, then I agree lad can play. Yeah. You know, when I look at lad and then I, you know, and I look at myself, I was like, man is this lad or Steve? Steve or lad. I mean, so that's, you know, that's how I feel.


Alright, so I have another receiver I wanted to ask you about. One of our, one of our favorite Wait, Wait, wait, wait. Does that mean that you're rooting for lad to do well because that way Yeah, Steve, the comparison to Steve Smith is good. Are you rooting for lad to not be as good? Because then you can be like, nah, there's only one Steve Smith I want la I I want lad to ball just because I've been watching, I watched his film last year. He is coming outta college at Georgie's Steady Eddie. He's consistent. What you see is what you get. This has nothing to do with me. This has to do with man, the b the Duke could just ball. Yeah. Flat out. Alright, so the other receiver I wanted to ask you about, one of our personal favorites, George Pickens. Okay. Yeah. What are your thoughts on George Pickens? Because he plays with an edge that is sometimes little bit, bit sometimes goes over the line.


Is that like, do you need to, you don't wanna take all the George outta George Pickens, you want him to be that fiery guy, but what is, what does he have to do that maybe tone it down a little? Or do you just say, Hey no George, go be you. He gotta tone it down a little bit just 'cause people are talking about it. So, and I, you know, and I've been a guy that understands, you know, when people are talking about you like that it's gonna be this assumed disposition about you, people are gonna believe what they see or believe what some other people may say. Even though the context may may not be all in line, but Georgia's gonna have to calm down. He's a heck of a football player. You know, he has one of the best coaches out there who, who, who really rocks with you.


So if, if Mike, if Mike t is telling you, you know, you need to rein it in, then guess what? You need to rein it in. 'cause Mike t if you think about it, Mike t has been around a lot of special wide receivers, guys who can change the game like that in your favor. He's also seen that some of these guys haven't managed themselves well and so he's speaking more from not a I'm better than, but I've seen this movie before and I know how the ending is. So you need to be careful. I think he likes having guys like that around though, because it, it gives him a good challenge as a coach. He likes being able to, you know, take somebody and, and help them reach that next level and maybe battle some of their, their like internal demons.


But with, with George, I feel like you can't, you can't really tell George to stop being George because that's who he is and that makes him special. I think you need to tell his teammates almost have like a, like a quarterback rule where the second he gets tackled, just have everybody out in the field run up to him, help him up and walk him back to the huddle. Just like, don't, don't do the gun sign, don't grab anybody by the face mask. Don't punt the ball into the stands. Just let's, let's all work as a team to get George back to the huddle after every reception. Okay. Sounds like a player. Yeah. I, I feel like, so you got those, you got those reputation calls at, at points when they be looking at you. Another guy that gets the reputation calls I feel like is DK Metcalf where now he's, he's under a microscope for Seattle.


Have you watched him recently This year? I watched him. He's been hurt a little bit, but they're doing a really good job. I, I don't, I don't think you could put DK in the same category of some of the stuff that's going on. I think it, you know, every situation is different to lump all these guys together and say they're troublemakers. Man. I don't think that's fair. No, no. I I I don't think DK is a troublemaker at all. I, I love the way that DK plays the game. I'm just saying that I feel like the refs after there's enough times where, where you get a penalty against you, I feel like the refs they start to zero in on you and you get reputation calls that maybe you don't earn. And I think that that's what's happened sometimes with dk. Okay, I'll go with that. Yeah. Yeah. Alright Steve, so it's December, it's winning football time.


If you had to pick your Super Bowl right this second Oh my. Give you a second chance. I don't know what your Super Bowl was before the season, but It wasn't, I didn't pick anything before Season. You didn't pick anything. All right. So, so, so is your first chance you get a good chance here. Who would you say in December is gonna be in the Super Bowl? Let's go with, I'll give you two. How about, can I give you two? Yeah, You can give us as many as you want. Alright, let's go with Detroit. Kansas City. Okay. Or Philly and Buffalo. I like that. Okay. Those are both good picks.


Yeah. With with Kansas City, they, they are playing with fire. They've had like a bunch of really, really close victories where it seems like they're gonna lose and then somehow they managed to pull it off. Do you think that's more of like a weakness in Kansas City or has it become almost to the point where it's a strength where they know how to win these close games? Man, people always looking at, especially the way Kansas City is winning, they're looking to really kind of be critical of them. I mean, there's ugly wins and there's pretty wins, but the, the thing you want to just really focus on, on the wins, they've sustained a lot of injuries and it's really hard to say that, hey next man up when the, you know, Pacheco is not a guy that you just, his backup is not the next Pacheco.


So it's, it's hard to really replace him. Right. Rashe Rice, well he's been able to do Hollywood, like all these guys had a role and that offense and defense was constructed based on those individuals roles. And then now those guys are gone. And so the next guy that's filling in, he won't be better. If he was better he would've been starting. So that's why they went and got Dhop. 'cause he's more of a guy that can freelance a little bit. That's what he does. And then with, with Patrick, so I don't really think at them winning by less is anything. I think sometimes they may be play down to their opponent, but I mean, they're still only one.


They've only lost one game. So I, I don't really understand all the, it's just more of the hate more than anything because they've been so successful and trying to get that three-peat. Yeah. We had our, our good friend Fred Smoot stopped by the office last week and he's an all time shit talker. You're an all time shit talker. Did you ever line up against him and how did that shit talking go? Yeah, me and Fred, we had some pretty fun times. It's just now we now we chilling two old men now. Yeah. But I would imagine that's fireworks when you, I mean that's, I feel like that's, it Has been yes A match for both of you. Like if you, if you're like who, who could match up against Fred Smoot in the shit talking, you know, department, it's Steve Smith and vice versa.


Yeah. Fred is, Fred is funny. He still talks some, some good stuff though. Yeah. Yeah. Did you, was there any cornerback that would get in your head that would know to piss you off? You know, Brandon Browner got in my head a little bit. Shem, Sherm got in my head. I got in M's. Head. It's funny is when me and Sherm are like kind of in the same area when we're working, we always end up talking and somehow some way I end up always apologizing to Shem for something I did to him. It's like every single time and I don't understand it. Like he's the victim every time. Yeah. That's how he gets you. Yeah. Don't let him do that to you. Stand up for yourself Steve. And the way he talks about it actually feel bad too.


Yeah. Yeah. He was doing some of the talking too. Oh, a lot of the talking. He Needs to apologize to you for some stuff. That's alright. Yeah. We all can't live in the past man. Some people need to move forward. Yeah, that's True. Steve, I had, I had one last question for you. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q Zips, polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts. You are a big golfer. How's your golf game going and how's the shit talking on the golf course? 'cause that's, I would, I would love to see that. We gotta we gotta get, we gotta do a, a video with you. Let's do it. I I'm enjoying golf man. I'm enjoying golf big time. Like one of my guys right here, alpha out of the office right here with Ghost Golf.


So I've been having with, I've been hanging with them a little bit. That's one of my partners. So I been enjoying it. Golf actually, it's kinda weird. Golf is that place. There's some, there's some stuff about 89, some stuff about Smit a Steve and I didn't even know it was there. Like I've really, I can't play a lot of rap music. No trap, none of that stuff on the golf course. You know, one of the big things I've been in is man country music on the golf course, bro. That's it. That's the stuff Man. Some little jelly roll sha boozy Morgan Wallen.


Like I just, bro it's, I I've been rolling on this. It's been, it's been kind of dope. Yeah. Some nice chill stuff. What, What's your handicap? It's about a 15 I the last couple weeks I've been working. I played the other day and I, I was terrible. I mean terrible. Like it was so bad. Me and my driver are not seeing eye to eye. Yeah. That's Worse. I had to, had to, it cost too much to, well I got fitted so I put it in there. I put it in the bag and I was just playing with my, my irons, which helped, helped my game a little bit. I was just, but I'm doing pretty good. That's perfect. A golf company called out of Office. That's Hank's two favorite things. Yeah.


All rolled into one. Yeah. Our producer would absolutely love that. Yeah. So have you got a hole in one yet? No, I have not. I've, bro, I missed the Eagle for Birdie. I missed Birdie for a par. I missed the Eagle for Birdie and a par Hoey. So I'm, my, my, my putty is, as my son Peyton would say, my putty. I put like Ray Charles, he says, dad, what, what, what are you reading? I love it. You, you should invite journalists to play golf with you. Yeah. To be friends with him so that they put you in the Hall of fame. We need Steve Smith in a gold jacket and I wanna see how they make your bust. I wanna see, I wanna see what that statue looks like. Yeah.


It's gonna Happen. I just hope it's not the same people that did the, the Wayne Wades. Yeah. Yeah. That was bad. We'll make sure that guy's not involved. Yeah. Yeah. They usually do a good job with the Hall of Fame though. Yeah, They do. Alright, well Steve, we look forward to getting our hats. Yep. You're gonna actually do it this time. You gonna give me your information? I'll give you all of our information. Yeah. And you, and you're going to, we'll, we'll have, we'll we'll have it texted to you right now and Yeah, we, we need the hats. Send us as minute you want. Yeah, I'll Get you, I'll get you some, I'll do the LA hats and then I'll get you some, 'cause I'm driving down there. I'm in LA right now, so I'm driving down there to get, go to Ghost Golf today. Okay, perfect. Love that. Love it. And You wanna make another hotbed at any time?


Just let us know. Yeah, we're, we're game. Okay. Yeah, let's Cool. Hey, where you guys located? Chicago. You gotta come check it out. We got a whole studio. You know It's NiPy in Chicago right now. We Got a golf simulator though inside. Yeah, no, we got golf simulator coming the summer. We got a full court basketball court. We got everything. Can we get out there? Yeah, that would be awesome. We'd love to have you. Yeah, we'd love to host you. Alright Steve, thanks so much man. Be well. And we're looking forward to the Hall of Fame. We're excited for it. Alright. Hey, give me gimme guys information too. All right. Okay, perfect. Alright. Thanks so much Steve. Thank You. Thanks Steve. See ya.


Steve Smith was brought to you by the farmer's dog. We all love our dogs. Our dogs complete us. I love Blake. Big Cat loves Stella. We love our dogs. They're the best And we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to keep them healthy and happy. That's where the farmer's dog comes in. The Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food right to your door. It's developed by vets. It's nutritionally balanced. It's made from real meat and veggies to the safety standards of human food. I got Blake on the farmer's dog. He's thriving on it. He's super, super healthy. Maintaining a good weight is very important for Blake because he had the double elbow surgery as a puppy. We want to keep 'em nice and lean and the Farmer's dog is a great way to do that because they send pre-portioned food specifically for your dog based on their unique nutritional needs. The Farmer's dog isn't just fresh, higher quality food. They also make it easy for your dog to maintain their ideal weight. It's one of the biggest indicators of a fill. Full Healthy Life. Dogs at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. We love our dogs. They do complete us. And you can get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping and it shows up like clockwork. I never have to worry about going to the store. I never have to worry about Blake running outta food. Yesterday I got home, there was a full package of the Farmer's dog. Just take it outta the box, pop it in the freezer, and then day before you serve them the meal, put it in the fridge, let it defrost. It's super easy. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/pmt. Get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/pmt.


Okay. Pardon your take on. Re give it to us. Let's play Guess. Guess that age okay with this question? All Right. NFL kickers should have to finish a 12 pack of beer. What? Between the beginning of the game and their first field. Go to temp or extra point in the fourth quarter. 19. How old is Malick? 25. 26. Wait, NFL kickers should have to fill, finish a 12 pack of, Actually I'm gonna guess like 46. How old is Sebastian Jankowski? This is definitely from him. Yeah, That might be him. He would be the Greatest, the greatest kicker of all time if that were the case. Yeah, they should just put NFL kickers on like something that, like a downer.


They just need to put 'em on so they just don't get hyped up. They gotta put 'em on Xanax. Yeah, put 'em on Xanax. Have 'em go out there on Xanax. There's something going on with kickers and we're gonna find out. There Really is. What's up Henry Lighthouse, big Fat and Ski. EFT. Oh, my girlfriend and her boy brother. My girlfriend and her brother are massive Ravens fans and her brother recently set. If Lamar wins the Super Bowl this year, he'll begin to unseat Mahomes as the best QB in the league. Mm. Is this crazy glazing or is there some merit to this? Absolutely some merit. Oh, oh, okay. Interesting that you would chime in there. How many s Lamar has two and a Super Bowl? Mahomes has two. Does Lamar have two or does he Have Imar has two. We've made this abundantly clear that MVPs don't matter on this show With Mahomes individual numbers Because I would combined With Super Bowls, with Mahomes, individual numbers falling off this year.


Is there any chance people begin, begin to declare Lamar's best qb or is that too farfetched? I think this happens a lot with quarterbacks that are you, you know, considered to be the greatest of all time. There'll be doubters and haters along the way that predict their demise before it actually happens and then the great ones bounce back against them. Yeah, So, so What have you done for me lately? Mahomes Has two mvs. They won a Super Bowl last year. Three Super Bowl MVPs, three Super Bowls. I think that's pretty tough to say. One Super Bowl now. Number of seat falls. I got, I got a question for you Bette. Hank just said it's a what have you done for me lately? League Mm. In regards to Patrick Mahomes? Yeah, He's back to back. This is, this is, I'm Saying he want two, two Super Bowls in a row.


I'm That's, that's it. This conversation like in March 11 and one. No listen, The Mahomes is going to go, he's gonna be Brady. Like he's gonna win multiple, like probably a couple more. If you're Lamar, if you're Josh or if you're Joe Burrow, your hope is that you are Berger Breeze or Manning. Yeah. Like that's, I'm just being honest with you. Like I don't, Eli Lamar's not gonna win five Super Bowls, but if you can win one or two then he, he's gonna go down in the hall of, I mean he's already a hall of famer, but he's gonna go down as one of the greats. But Mahomes is so far ahead. The good news is there is time to, to rewrite the narrative. Yeah. Like we know what the narrative is going to be and it's what big catch just said.


But at this moment in time you can, you can think and use your imagination and say there's still time. Like what if Lamar just rattles off four in a row? Yeah. You know, if Lamar wins back to back Super Bowls, then we will start having this conversation because then it would be three Super Bowls to two and same amount of MVPs. So he is got you gotta get to two before we can start talking about unseating Patrick Holmes. I Think if Josh Allen wins the MVP in a Super Bowl, he's in that conversation too. He's gotta get to two to start un seeding. I think if it's three to two you could start having a conversation, but three to one is not, you can't, you can't have that conversation. Michigan, what about Russ? Russ wins the Super Bowl this year In his second.


Yeah. And he's back. He's gotta be in the conversation. That's true. You think of think you think two thousands quarterbacks. You think of Mahomes, Brady, Russell Wilson. That's Stafford. Eli Stafford wins his second. I lose a piece of my Pinky Michigan fan here. I'm buzzing from Saturday. Last three years have been nothing short of amazing with all the massive wins and championships. Something about watching Ohio State and Ryan Day shit down their pants was maybe even more satisfying than any of it. I don't know why that is, I can't explain it. But we were just so bad this year didn't matter at all. Then the meltdown they had after the game with the flag, it was like good porn. The game game had me damn near having to cross my legs hiding a chubby. Yeah. Even though the football was so awful. Yeah. Am I way off base for feeling like this?


No, no. I know Hank would say I'm crazy, but I don't know what it is. Man, that win hit like crack that. Alright, so I'll say this. He Just explained a rivalry And I He can't exist. You explain winning. Like I understand that feeling like that's, you know, the Patriots beat the Seahawks. Patriots win 28 to three. Like the, the buzzing feeling you have after winning a good game literally lasts you for months, maybe even years. Like the Celtics winning the championship. Like I'm still, so I get the riding that high I do. But For Michigan fans, it's, and I understand the rivalry and that Ohio State fans should be devastated, but I'm, I was more surprised at the lack of like, let's keep fighting.


'cause their, their season's not over. But I, I hear the point of them being like, well, it doesn't matter. It's Again, But that's what I feel like if I was Ohio State, I would be crushed. But also like, let's win a national champion. Yeah. I think the, the part you're missing is that It's basically, but the Michigan part, I get It's been four years of Ryan Day being like, we have to beat Michigan. Like we have to beat Michigan. And then they spent all this money and they couldn't beat a dog. Shit. Michigan. Yeah. I mean there's, you find a lot of joy in winning things and being a personal champion, you find almost as much joy in watching your, your biggest rivals just piss down their leg and fuck up. Like, being a hater is very, very fun.


But what adds to that is if your biggest rivals can absolutely shit the bed while you're still buzzing in the afterglow of a championship yourself And it's full, Then that's, that's like full, that's a Speed ball. When you play once a year and you've been playing for a hundred years, you win that game. You get to talk shit for literally 365 days and they have the counter like it's been this many days since Ohio State's beat Michigan. It's Brutal. Well, two of those were wins 'cause Michigan cheat. Yeah, That's true. And the quarter, third Quarter. And the, and i, I guess the difference too between like the Celtics or some of the other championships that were, you know, easy wins essentially, or like never in doubt winning games you're supposed to lose or like your big underdog, 20 point underdogs Or you're down a lot.


And then those that next week of, of like searching the opposite fan base's cope. Yeah. Is the best, the best. Also Ohio State, they're this year against Michigan. They're one and Oh. And having better players And spending more money. Yep. It's Also great. And again, like I'm not, I'm not completely oblivious to the rivalry thing. It is great. Like Michigan fans can like, like they lose Ohio State. They're watching the playoff games with pure hatred. Now they can like watch the games and like laugh. They can be like, oh this is gonna be funny. Even if they win. This is still funny. Yeah. Our Good friend Tom Ferelli suggests that maybe Hank should go to the Big 10 championship game and root against his hated rival, the Oregon Ducks. Mm. You, I mean Hank has two favorite teams in college football.


It's the Washington Huskies and whoever's playing the ducks. Nope. Yeah, I got a new one. And Whoever's playing wazoo. Yeah, No, there's there's a new one. What Nebraska, That's your new favorite team I's I second to Washington, But Dana, Dana signed a contract extension. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's my best friend. That is your best friend. Those are two big 10 teams. I know. I'm gonna, I mean, Belichick and Dana, like, it's, it's, those are two heavy hitters. Yeah. But yeah, rivalries in college football mean more than in pro sports. They just do. It's, it's, it's what it like, it just, why the sport is so, so much fun is because the hatred is so deep and like it's all that matters.


Alright. Was that it? Okay. Yeah. No, that guy by the way is complete. Everything he says is completely right. If I were a Michigan fan, I'd just be watching. I mean, I even saw, I saw a hype video where they had the Michigan team going into the shoe and it was a song. It was a song from Sicario. Oh yeah. And it was one of the coolest hype videos I've ever seen. And I'm not a Michigan fan. I, I, I would say that I don't like Ohio State more than, I don't like Michigan. But I, I don't like either. And I watched that and being like, holy fuck, this is Incredible. I would like to see more. I don't know if it That was from Richard. Not, not Richard, not down bad right now.


Okay. I, the only thing I would like to see more of, I would like to see more Ohio State bar reactions. I feel like there wasn't a lot of those. They're all like, those are always good. Yeah. Yeah. Crushed. But there wasn't really, I guess there wasn't a moment where they get, It was slow death Because those, like, that's thinking about the Seahawks like that, those are the greatest videos of all time. Yeah. Yeah. You have to have a big swinging moment where it's, they, they thought they're gonna win and Then all of a sudden he's like, Billy's The Ohio State had the ball for two minutes in the fourth quarter. It's crazy. This is nuts. Alright, good. Show boys numbers. 3 52 11 Memes. I'm gonna give you Nine.


Nine P 58 44. You got it. Oh, oh, Oh. Hey memes. Have you ever gotten this? I did get it. No, you did. I got it. No. Did it p ft? Did I got it? No, I got No, no, no. I got it. P ft Got it. I got president. Pug. President pug. The rules, the rule stands. Wait, why don't you talking to the mic president. Fucking rule. Hey, just didn't turn it on. Rule respect the office dumb fucking rules. Who, who, who rule who out out of me.


Max memes. Hank. PFT. Who has never gotten it. I, I believe it was me. Oh, good. Is off. I got, I get that right. Good. Good. Pick PFT. Thank you. I appreciate it. Didn't Pick that. No, that was his number. Me, that was his number. My, that was my number was not his number. Not That don't number. You don't get to turn President Pugs mic off. You didn't, you didn't pick that. We live in a society That We got Deep State number over here means. I I You technically did not pick that. I picked No, that's his pick. I got it. Didn't pick that you're one that I got Plugged into office. I got the number. You, you did that. I got the number that, that's his pick. Guess what? But I got No, no, no. You said, have you ever picked it Right.


I No, no. I Have you ever gotten this? No. The question is, have you ever gotten this? Have you ever gotten this? That's what I was asking. Hey, technically yes. No, you have not. No. You've never gotten this. No. I think the question also, no, technically I have gotten it. 'cause I said memes, you get, I picked it. Right. Have you ever picked up, have you ever ever gotten this? Not in the old studio, but this No, you haven't. Never, ever. This is a win. Shit. He's never, never gotten, ever. This is a win. No, it's not. Well, Hank took the, the three ball out in the old studio. Oh, here come the exclusives. Oh, what? Remember it went missing. Hank Honestly lives in your head. Memes. TFT has a win here. No, he has, he has gotten the number. I love that. You're the only one who has not gotten the number.


I'm now rooting so hard for Shane and Jack. Oh my god. I have, oh, Shane's gotten it. Oh. Jack Jack's guess like four times total. Oh my God. We must get Jack a win. Oh my God. I mean, That's way longer than My streak. Yeah. Memes. You were so close. Yeah. You, you have the longest streak by far. No way. Four Years. Someone's gonna crunch the data. Hank's streak was long, but I think you went to the old studio. To this studio. But I just guessed it right? No you Didn't. I got It. Memes What? Memes, what was your number I guess to No, No, no, no, no. What was your number? What? I'll ask. P-F-T-P-F-T. What was your number? I think it was it 58? Well, PFT is bad to pick Numbers Was what was your number?


PFT. Oh, my, my number was two. Okay. Two is up there. Yeah. PFT. Got it. I Picked that. No, wait. And also Puck. You motherfucker pug going forward is It, is. No. His mic's off the right number. His mic's off. Respect the president. Secret Service. Please turn the mic back On. Hank's mic is off. I picked the right number. Memes is drunk with Bower right now. So, but the thing is memes and picking my number, you knew that he would not want me to get it before him. Right? So he was trying to pick a number that he didn't think would hit. And he's even bad at that. Is PFT still picking memes as number pug and vice versa? I, I Mike's off This is, I would say yes.


I, I, what do you guys think? I'll, I'll continue to pick memes number. Okay. If it, if it pleases the president. I'd Say for now, I mean memes. We gotta like, we're trying to have a conversation. Memes, we're trying to do a podcast. The Podcast is over. Okay. Great job. Great job. PFT. Congrats. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate you guys. I want to thank everybody out there that stuck with me. All the, all the PFT riders. Appreciate you. There's so many people in the room to thank Big Cat. I wanna thank you. All right. All Right. Thanks for coming down. Thank you. Great Show. Congrats Max. Thank you you very much for sticking with me. Thick and thin NFC Beast for everybody. Pug, great job as president. You've done this has been a great era for the podcast, Shane.


Awesome. As always. Never forget that really cool letter that you designed that one time. And the chargers look great. Jack is doing an awesome job too. And most of all, there's one other person I forgot to thank and that's you. Love you guys.