
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have conference championship weekend set. An incredible weekend for divisional round. Oh boy. The PMT script writers went off. We have Eagles verse Commanders, bills verse Chiefs. We're gonna recap every single game. We're gonna talk all football. It was an awesome, awesome weekend of football. We're gonna start with Fastest two minutes. We'll talk a little national championship before the game on Monday night.


And we're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings NFL Playoffs. Playoffs. We're talking Playoffs. You bet. We are getting on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook and official sports betting partner. The NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in the NFL playoffs. And the key to you scoring big is betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to watch your favorite players crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs. The Draftking Sportsbook download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football, they try to avoid me because I'm always trying to get them like football, Football, football. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings Sportsbook. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook.


Download the DraftKings Sports Book app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, January 20th and it's NFL Divisional round. What? What? They're not going to get 'em. Some spread Great football. We start in Kansas City where it was a cold January game and the Texans reminded everyone of Mayweather the way they struggled with Reed.


The game started with an explosion as Nico Bosco Ramig returned the kick, forcing Chris Boyds of London to put his special teams coaches' manhood up for sale after he shoved him on the sidelines. Travis Kel Seaman was anything but a white bust as he came out ahead and had the stickiest of hands. PJ Stroud and Grandpa Joe Mixon tried to to end this chief's dynasty to bed. I screwed that up. He tried to put this Chief's dynasty to bed, but it was Patrick Mahomes who had the golden ticket and the Everlasting Ref stoppers making the Texans, the ones who kicked the bucket.


In other news, Kaitlyn Clark and Taylor Swift submitted a box of the year nominee at Arrowhead Saturday. As the Chiefs booked their ticket to the Kansas City Invitational Chiefs. 23 Texans. 14. We go to Ford Field as the Lions hosted the Commanders in a biblical showdown. When Daniels entering the Lions dead. David Montgomery came back from a knee injury, but Lions fans were screaming What Gibbs as Jamir was taking off the field despite gashing, the Commanders like the Roman Senate, Washington got a miracle from their Terry godmother. As McClarin slipped through the screen like it was a take on me music video.


In response, Ben Johnson and Johnson was forced to take an experimental shot down field as the Lions trailed by 10 and the Commanders got the ball back. And as my good friend Eminem would say, hi, my name is what? My name is. Who? My name is. Frick Frick Quinn Shady. And Mikey. Sandra. Still my bones collapsed. Shut Jared down for some minor mistakes like a subway marketing representative. The analytics tilted cords, the Commanders with Washington being even, even more aggressive than Campbell. In a case of my Dan can beat up your Dan Detroit coach, Dan Tallcon tried to reload singing, give me pennet se gimme fire argument.


I was trying, but Quinter Sandman showed up saying, I've got Jayden and nothing else matters. The Washington Commanders are going to the NFC Championship game. Oh oh 45 31 Commanders win left hand up. We head to snowy Philadelphia where Max Ante was on the scene. We head over to Philadelphia where the birds were shitting on the Rams DD early. But Jake smell, it was once again act acting extra smelly as he stinks at kicking stinking extra points. After a stellar run game by the B Birds, the fir fourth quarter came and knocking and Jayquan Barkley was telling the Rams defense two.


Here comes the two to the sixth to the line. Now I'm looking at Herz right in his eyes. Tell him, Hey man, I got this for the guys couple seconds passed. Now they're chasing my big thighs. Everybody in the club getting tds. Everybody in the in the club getting TDSs. But after a sh pants shouldn't come back by. La Jalen Cowboy Carter told the Rams O line, this ain't la you can't hold me. So a lay Matt Stafford. Down, down, down, down. Eagles win 28, 28 down. And we finished in Western New York where Josh, Jimmy Fallon swept aside all the allegations of looking drunk and breaking character in the playoffs.


And he stumbled and bumble for two touchdowns, giving the bills at 11 point halftime lead. But the Angelo Baltimore Ravens came out swerving and hitting that corner. Woo. In the second half as track do Cito running up Bills like Mike Florio legal fees, he's a lawyer. Boom, scored a touchdown to make it a game. Mark. Aaron Andrews should have been on the sidelines instead of in the game as he dropped a two point conversion sending buffalo off to the a FC championship game. And no one circles the the wagons like the Buffalo Bills. The bills 27, the Ravens 25. And that was the Fastest two minutes divisional round.


Fastest two minutes is presented by our good friends at Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer Saturday. And so with the truck that says no to nothing, tailgates spontaneous camping trips, DIY projects, bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west and they sponsor the most prestigious award in all college football. The Low Man award, well the Silverado Trail Trail Boss is built like a fullback and we're talking 495 pounds a foot of torque. So hold onto your sodas Max Plus the Trail Boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk Silverado brings the grit, then pairs it with all the latest truck tech inside and out the result, a truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together, let's drive.


And that was an incredible weekend of football. So incredible. We had to drop a little new intro for the people out there. I think it's a good time to do it. Yeah. Thank you to the, The Armani brothers and Little legends. They put that together for us. Yes. I love that Stuff. We just, we wanna to get people jacked up for that was one of the best weekends of football. I mean all the games, three out of four were like very, very close. Your game. PFT, which we'll get to, we got a lot to talk about. Wasn't really close, but it was an awesome, awesome game. That Might've been the quarter of the week, the second quarter in that game. Highest Scoring quarter in NFL history. That was Insane. Insane Track beat.


Insane. But yeah, we deserve that. Yep. We should just soak in it. Love it. We have so much to talk about And somehow next Sunday Yeah, that seems like it's an even bigger day. I Mean, the script writers went off, especially for this show. God is an a WLI think we can all shout out to G Man. Yeah. Sorry about all that V talk last week. God, I'm not God loves Vagina, you think? Yeah, he definitely does. Yeah, a hundred percent. He created it. A hundred percent. Okay, let's get into it. Let's just hop right into it. Out of a rib. Out of a rib. Yeah. Imagine that Fellas. Next time you're at, you're at Ruby Tuesdays or Applebee's. Yeah. Look at those ribs. Just be like, that could be a vagina. Yeah. Oz the mentalist. I haven't seen you do that.


No. Try try creating a vagina out of a rib. Dude. Can't be done. Alright. Yeah. I don't think anyone expected that little tangent. Number one sports podcast. Yeah, we're talking ribs and vaginas. Alright. Chiefs 23 T's pleasures 14. Oh boy. There's a lot to talk about here. I have this as my two things can be true game. Yep. The first thing can be that the Texans got absolutely screwed by penalties. And the second thing that can also be true is the Chiefs deserve to win this game because they outplayed him in special teams and they made big, you know, defensive stands and they made big plays to Travis Kel.


And as much as it sucks, it's like, yes. Did the, did the Texan get screwed? Of course they did. That the, the, the roughing, the passer penalty in the first quarter, that led to a field goal where I, that one was kind of like, you can't, you can't even put yourself in a position where you're going helmet to helmet on a quarterback because you just know that's probably gonna get called. I thought the, the one that happened, I think in the third quarter, the unnecessary roughness where the Texans hit each other Yeah. And Mahome slid underneath them that led to a touchdown. That one was absolutely bullshit. And if you're a Texans fan, you have every, you probably weren't gonna win the game because you didn't execute in the big moments and especially special teams.


But if you're a Texans fan, you have every right to bitch about that for the next week. Straight. Like I'm talking, you know, video replay slowmo replays replying to every chief's tweet, just being upset. You have every single right in the, in the, in the legal court of the internet go off. I saw a picture of Patrick Mahomes kissing a referee. Yeah, I did too. I actually, Like, I can't, I can't believe that they just let that happen. I Want up you, I saw a picture of Vandy Reed blowing a ref. I saw that too. Yeah. Yeah. Don't know who was, was true. He was on his knees on the sidelines. But the one where Patrick Mahomes is kissing a referee on the lips. I don't know how, if you're the NFL, you can let the Chiefs get away with that. Yes.


Something should be done about that. But yeah, to your point, Big Cat, the Texans, they were the first team that outgained an opponent by a hundred yards, had zero turnovers and lost a game in the playoffs. That's, That's kind of bullshit. But, but diving deeper into what you said, they had a kick blocked. They missed an extra point. Yeah. They missed a fuel goal. And you could tell that Kami Fair Baron, first of all, not, not a cold weather name second when he went out there wearing the full on Sub-Zero mask. Yeah. The full ski mask. He was not, he the cold was in his head. Yeah. So there's that and then there's the big return that they led up right off the bat. Stroud also got sacked eight times. He got banged up early too, and there were just pressures up his dick.


Right. I saw that stat. That stat was bullshit because not only did the Chiefs intentionally take a safety and lose like 27 yards at the end of the game. Yeah. Which would've made that not a hundred yard difference. The Chiefs also had 110 yards of kick returns. Yeah. Which, I mean, you could win a game. Well, most Of 'em were on that first one. Yeah. Yeah. And Well, 64, they had some other good kick returns. Like you could, theoretically you could have a 99 yard kick return every single time and then and win a game with four yards of offense. Yeah, that's true. So that's, that was misleading. I, the the Texans just have a right to be upset and I don't think that's, they'd screwed up the game in so many other ways. Not to mention like the, the kick the, the special teams that was atrocious.


And we said it when it was happening. Kami Fairburn was, he looked like Sub-Zero. Yeah, he was. He was not. That is not a cold weather kicker. Yeah. You can't, you can't wear that much cold weather gear and like exude any type of confidence for your Teammates. No, the weather was up, the weather was up by 11 points before kickoff. So, o on those plays, it leads me to one thing I've been talking about for the last couple years, which is the in studio analysts, the in studio analysts that, that do these network games. This guy on ESPN was a guy by the name of Russell Yk, who we've never heard of before. We thought he might be AI because the picture of him looked like he was ai he was on, he they shot, showed his picture on the screen for about like two seconds, then they'd take it away.


This guy was the guy who headed up the oversight for instant replay for like a dozen years in the NFL. He, he is a computer program. Right. His job, he was not a ref, he was the head of replay officiating. So he might as well be just a, a piece of software code. Right. I'm Sick of the replay guys, the analysts getting on TV and just being like, yeah, the refs are right. Right. That, that was a good call. The the unnecessary roughness against Mahomes was complete bullshit. Complete bullshit. The one where they hit him in the pocket, that was bullshit too because it was the chest that made contact with his shoulder and then Yeah. His face or his helmet got close to that was the problem. Close to Mahomes face mask afterwards. Yeah.


That was bullshit. But again, if, if the Chiefs get any breaks and games they capitalize on, they always do. And also the, the Texans might be circled as being like one of the teams that refs take a closer look at because of the way they reacted to the Al Shaer Yeah. Suspension thing, which is complete bullshit also. But also the matchup of Chris Jones going up against this Texans offensive line on the field in between the lines in between the whistles. That was dominance. The, he was just so disruptive. Yeah. He, he and Carl Loftus was incredible. Yeah. I mean he was, he was just wrecking them on big, big plays. The Texans that, that fourth and 10 that they ran where they weren't really set, didn't call a timeout.


That was a con like a enormous play. And it just felt like outside of the penalties, which were egregious, the, the Chiefs did what they do. They execute big time situations like that that throw to Travis Kel where Mahomes was completely parallel to the ground. Those type of plays. The big third downs. I will, I do wanna say, so Y Russell Urk loser, Troy Aikman, shout out Troy Aikman. Yeah. Because I like that he has just basically, I don't know when it happened, but he essentially is just like, I'm gonna be brutally honest all the time and say fuck it. If he watches a bad football game, he's gonna tell you it's a bad football game.


And his point on Patrick Mahomes was spot on that Mahomes as great as he is, and he is the best right now in the NFL, he is going for a threepeat, which has never happened in the NFL. His thing where he lets up per like, he lets up on purpose to try to get goat players into hitting him is bullshit. It's bullshit. Like you can't, it's so hard for defenders to hit a quarterback in today's NFL. It's, it's essentially impossible. And they have all the rights the quarterback does in terms of how they can dictate how the play's gonna go. And he called out that one specific play where Mahomes, it wasn't even one of the penalties, it was Mahomes essentially.


He was scrambling and like almost stood still waiting for a guy to hit him illegally or hit him out of bounds. And I wish Mahomes didn't do that 'cause he doesn't have to. Yeah. That's the one thing. He doesn't have to do that. But also it's, it is a smart play by Mahomes do it because he gets those calls all the time. No, the it's, which is, which is like the, the same thing that you were saying. It's, it's two things are true. He's doing the right thing in terms of how to win a football game That works. It sucks to watch. It sucks to be a defender. The only thing that needs to happen, the NFL needs to change the rule or they need to, what they should do. This is actually a perfect example of what the NFL should do with replay. That's a pretty cut and dry one where you can watch on replay and say, is this an out of bounds hit or not?


Right. And it, it's, it's no different than the NBA when guys used to try to jump into people to get a shooting foul. Yeah. Like it's guys were doing that because they were calling it, you need to figure out a way to not call it as much so that Mahomes isn't, you know, benefiting from it because then he'll stop doing it. Yeah. If that's the rule, then he's gonna continue to do it as long as it's, it's helping his team out. The, I actually thought the Texans defense, for the most part, at least in terms of their cornerbacks, played pretty good. They played really well. Stingley Laer gave up zero catches. I zero catches. That's pretty fucking good. I counterpoint. They just didn't like account for Travis Kel. Right. But St.


Travis Kel was Stingley Laer, Yeah. No, yeah. Played. But the game plan of like, oh we think Travis Kelsey's over the hill. That's just not true because Travis Kel continues to be a monster in the playoffs. He went for seven catches, 117 yards in a touchdown. Travis Kel, that is his 14th straight game with over 70 playoff game with over 70 yards in those 14 games he's averaging. These are all playoff games. He's averaging eight and a half catches, 99 yards and over a touchdown per game. Like you probably should have worried about Travis Kel a little bit more. And that w we said this on Friday when we were doing the preview, when the Chiefs get in the playoffs, it's Mahomes with his legs and Travis Kel on third down.


And you just know that it's gonna be there and it was there when they needed it. And that was the difference in the game. Like if you, if you don't let Travis Kel beat you, maybe the Texans win that game. I don't know. They, at the end of the day, the Texans just didn't execute in special teams more than anything and not blocking, you know, it, it felt like there was multiple times that the Chiefs needed a big play on defense. And Spags would dial something up and they would send a Blitzer para left at the car. Carl Loftus would would win it one-on-one and they would get that big sack and get him into negative plays. It sucks. 'cause I thought CJ Stroud was, he played well and he was tough as fuck 'cause he got absolutely killed a few times. It Looks like he got hit out bounds when he was running in the first quarter.


And then he was significantly hampered when he was trying to run after that. By the end of the game. He was just torn. He got hit again too. Think he was later in the game, He was torn up. But yeah, the, the Chief's defense played really well. I I just think that the Texans, they played a lot better than a lot of people thought that they would. Yeah. They only Scored one touchdown though. That's you, you, you, you look at it and you're like, okay, you, you, you left a bunch of points on the field with your, your field goal unit. You left a, you, you hurt your defense by giving up a bunch of kick returns and then you scored one touchdown. Like you can't win a game scoring one touchdown against the Chiefs in Arrowhead in the playoffs. You Wanna do a thought experiment real quick? Yeah. Okay. Imagine the Kansas City Chiefs had never won a Super Bowl. Would people be rooting for the Chiefs in these playoffs?


Would they be a team that's fun to watch that still? No. You don't think so? I wouldn't say they're fun to watch it compared to the teams left. Yeah. I mean so would it be the Chiefs have the same history but they never would they have gotten as far and like fallen short? Yeah, I guess that's that the question you have to ask. Like Would they gotten the super because then Yes, I think the teams would, people would've been rooting for Mahomes kind of like a Josh Allen or Lamar where it's like if he had gotten to all these Super Bowls and never won one Yeah. Alternate universe where Josh has three Super Bowls. Yeah. Patrick Mahomes doesn't have any, I Think people would be rooting for him. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But but, but they would but that just, they would still get everyone, they would still get upset with the whole sideline dancing thing.


And when, when he took that, when he did that slide when the two Texans hit each other. That's not, I don't blame Mahomes for doing that. He was just trying to get on the ground. But that's a call that you can't make as a ref. Do you know how, how fast These guys are Going? He also waited so long to go to the ground though. He wasn't, he wasn't really trying to get to the ground. But it's, But this is what we say. I mean the Chiefs are it for the every call goes, you know, the Chief's way. I actually don't think statistically, I don't think that's true. Like people pull it up and it's like, it's actually not true. It feels that way. The reason why it feels that way is that if you give the Chiefs even an inch, they're gonna win the game. If you Extend a drive, if you, If you get, if you make a sim a singular mistake with the Chiefs and these, these calls weren't mistakes 'cause they were just bad calls, they will capitalize every single time and make you pay for it.


So the calls get magnified. You know what I mean? Like, if they don't, if they don't score a touchdown in a field goal off these two calls, it probably just doesn't feel as as significant. But because if they get a free 15 yards, they're gonna go score a touchdown. That's just what the Chiefs do. That's a championship team. That's what they do. And we're gonna be 60 years old and Travis Kel is just gonna be sitting down in the middle of zone coverage, catching a football, turning up field running for 12 more yards. It's, that's just gonna happen. I love winning announcers. Like this guy just knows how to get open. He's, he's so good and he's so good in these big situations. And like I said, I mean the 14, 14 straight playoff games of 70 yards or more. I think only one of the, I think two of those 14 were in, were in the seventies.


Like he had 1 71 and 1 79. There's a bunch that are in the hundreds. Like he just, he just shows up. He's there for Mahomes when he needs to be. And that, I mean, that passed by Mahomes where he was completely parallel, was insane. It was nuts. It was Absolutely insane. And now Mahomes is seven and oh in the divisional round, he has won a playoff game every single year that he has been a starter, which is pretty insane. That's just baseline. He's gonna win at least one playoff game. And the last seven years for the Chiefs look like this, they, in 2018 they lost to the Patriots in the a FC championship game in 2019.


They won the Super Bowl in 2020, they lost the Super Bowl in 2021 they lost to the Bengals in the a FC championship game 22 Super Bowl Champs 23 Super Bowl champs 24 a FC championship game. The the floor for their season is the A FC championship game. Yeah. It must be nice. That's it must be real nice being a, I wanna see what the map looks like when they put out the map of who America's rooting for these games. Yeah, it's probably just Kansas, Missouri. I think It's just Kansas. Can Missouri probably. Maybe. Maybe Texas. Maybe Texas. Yeah, probably Not. But that's probably about it in this one. It's, It, it's crazy. They're just, they, they're just always there.


And it is, I mean, Scott Van Pel joked about it like the, the Kansas City Invitational. That's what it's become. Yeah. When they just, I think they, oh, I guess last year they didn't host it because they, they went to Baltimore. But the other six years I believe they hosted all of those. I just want to put a, a magnifying glass or a spotlight on Deontay Johnson's year this year because I think he's had the craziest year of any NFL player ever. So he got traded from the Steelers to the Panthers. Yep. He got traded from the Panthers to the Ravens. He got suspended from the Ravens, then he got brought back and cut by the Ravens, then he got signed by the Texans, then he got cut by the Texans and then he got signed by the Ravens again.


Mostly just for a procedural thing so they could cut 'em in, I think get like a compensatory pick. Yeah, that's Right Out it. But that's, you have to be really bad at wide receiver to get cut by the Ravens and the Texans Also probably not a great Locker room guy in this year. Yeah. Probably not a great locker room guy. Yeah. I think there was that clip of him like when the, I think it was on the Ravens when he got like one target and they won the game. I think he was pissed. He Was pissed off after, I Think he was pissed after the Texans won their playoff game. I think he was upset after that. Yeah. He should never have left Pittsburgh. Yeah. Well, yeah, I mean to this year to get cut from the Steeler to get cut from the Texans and the Ravens given their receiver injuries.


Yeah. That's pretty bad. Also getting traded away as a wide receiver from the Steelers is really bad this year. Yeah. Really bad. Really bad. So Texans, I feel like as Rocky as this season looked and it did look really rocky. 'cause CJ Stroud, I mean he took a step back. He was not as good as he was last year. I feel like the arrow is still pointing up for them because that defense is so legit and you gotta hope that you're not gonna have two of your top three weapons get hurt like they did with Tank Dell and Stefan Digs. I know Tank De might not be back for a while, but that He Also came to play in the playoff game like that. Like he came to play in the, he he showed, he showed that dog in the playoff game.


Right? Like he didn't lose because of him At all. No, you and, and the Chargers game, they killed him. And, and that defense is, I mean that was an incredible defense and they, they went toe to toe with the Chiefs. I know that the final score doesn't look like that, but they were in that game for the majority of that game. And they just had a few plays, whether it be the block, you know, field goal, missed field goal, couple sacks here and there. Like they, they just, they, if they get an offensive line and maybe another weapon, they'll be right back in the, in the thick of it. Yeah. After the game. CJ Stroud was pretty realistic about it. He was like, yeah, I'd, I'd say this, you know, I'm not happy with the loss, but I'm happy with how we competed and there's some things to be optimistic about.


And then they asked Miko Ryans that same question. He was like, no, I'm fucking furious. This sucks. Yeah. This is the worst ever. Yeah. And there was a lot of, rightfully so Texans players being like, you can't, I actually thought that they were, they, I saw a couple quotes and they were essentially like, you just can't make mistakes against the Chiefs. Like, you know, that they, they were kind of blaming the refs, but it is true. Like you just can't make a single mistake against Chiefs because Patrick Mahomes is that level now where he's not the same guy that he was six years ago where he was just throwing bombs to Tyreek Hill. But his like savviness and ability to just make a big play when it needs to be made is so off the charts.


It's like that winning the, his numbers don't jump off the ta off the page, but like they used to. But his ability to just win and be in big moments is so outta control that you just know the Chiefs are gonna be there. You Know what's scary to think about this right now, what we're seeing Patrick Mahomes do this season, this might be the NFL figuring out Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. Because when he had Tyreek Hill and he was putting up all those crazy stats and numbers, that was before Defenses adjusted, then they started running that like two high safety look on him. You're not gonna score 30 points in a quarter against us anymore. And then this is the NFL figuring out Patrick Mahomes. And they won 15 games. They, he went 15 and two and they're in the a FC championship Game figured Out.


And, and and and last year everyone was like, the Chiefs are not good. And they won the Super Bowl. Yeah. That's, that's, that's the level that Patrick Mahome is playing at. And their defenses just so legit. I mean their, their defensive line Rex Rex teams McDuffy is such a stud. Jalen Watson being back was huge and Spas is, I mean he just, it feels like there's like three or four times a game where spas will just call the perfect play. That it's, it's, it's, it's the same thing as like a genius offensive coordinator who will call a play that no one sees coming and trick a team. He does that on defense and it's, it's incredible to watch because you just know if you get in a spot where you are in like obvious passing downs late in the game and you're trailing to the Chiefs, spags will figure it out.


And that's what he did At, at all the right times. Yeah. Yeah. Hank, what were you gonna say? I thought you raised your hand. No, no. I mean I, I understand what it was like rooting against the Patriots for a long time. I always used to do the, you know, hate us 'cause they ant us. But yeah, it's just miserable. It's, it's slow death. No one's rooting for the Chiefs. At least like, I'm not, I like that. They hate it. Well, I mean, they hate us 'cause they ant us. We Better be rooting for the bills. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. It, our friend Josh rooting For your friend Tom Brady's dynasty and it's Josh Gotta do It. Yeah. So yeah, I mean the Chiefs that are just, they pounce on everything. I they just do, they're just gonna, they're gonna keep doing this year in, year out.


And when it comes to Patrick Mahomes, if it means that he has to throw 150 yards and win, he'll figure out a way to do that. Right. And guess what? Their, their running game will probably be cooking that game. Yeah. I mean they, they didn't really have, I mean they, we, we, we set it with the yards gained. I mean, like I said, the the field position was, was great for them, but it's not, I mean, Kareem Hunt carried the ball eight times. That wasn't, that was their leading rusher for 44 yards. And, and, and Pacheco had five rushes for 18 yards. Like they didn't, they, it was Travis Kelsey and Patrick from Holmes and In a sick making big plays in a sick twist. As, as Chiefs fans and Chiefs players have been, you know, scrapping around looking for bulletin board material wherever they can find it for the last like three seasons because they're, everybody respects the Chiefs.


Everybody knows how good they are. Now they've got the bulletin board material of one. Patrick Mahome did not make the Pro Bowl. That was the unnecessary bulletin board material that we gave them. America number two is talking about the refs. Sorry. That has somehow become a strength of theirs where they're like, all you guys are gonna do is complain about the refs. Talk About the refs. Travis Kel being washed in the regular season. His, his over under yards for the playoff game was 50. Yeah. I think they were saving him. Yeah, They of course they are. Yeah. He just, he has to show up in the Playoffs and that's what he does. So it's Mahomes, the refs Travis Kel also remember that stat. The, they, they're one of like three teams to not score 30 points. Yep.


That's still going. Do you know who scored 30 points, 11 times the Detroit Lions? Yeah. Like that's, they, they don't give a fuck. The, the Chiefs are not trying to win style points. They're just winning football games and they're, they do it at a level that is insane. I respect the hell outta the Chiefs for being able to do this. I I too for keeping this up. It's, it's honestly pretty incredible. Yeah. I mean it, like I said, Mahomes is, has reached a different level where it's not, it's not the wow eye popping numbers that he's had in years past, but it doesn't matter because he's just at a, he's like thinking the game at a different level and every time you need a big play it's Mahomes and Yeah. I mean the Chiefs fans, like, I think chief fans need to just embrace the fact that the refs did, did help them in this game and just be like, sorry, don't make mistakes.


Yeah. Don't ever lead with your helmet near, within 10 yards of Patrick Mahomes. If you put your helmet even 10 yards within Patrick Mahomes, there's a chance it's gonna get flat. It probably will. Yeah. So just Don't do it. Yeah. And you mentioned it in the Fastest two minutes that he did have the box of the year. Yeah. That Taylor Swift, Caitlyn Clark, Tommy Alter, our friend, put some respect on. Tommy was just lingering in the background of that big Time lingering. Then they had Donna Kelsey, right? She was up there. Yep. Donna Kelsey was Mr. She's always there was Mr. Kelsey around? I don't know. He never gets talked About. He never gets FaceTime, but yeah, Mr. Kelsey never gets it. Yeah. Box was also Dave Portnoy's like dream, dream box. Yep. It Was, he, he probably saw that and was like, man, I wish I was there.


Are you guys box guys? Yeah. Yeah. Big time. Like just the box or do you need the game? You need tds around the Box. I would like the game. Yeah. No, I, I would like the game game. I, I don't think I could just watch a box the Whole game. Okay. I love being in a good box. Yeah. But not, not watching the box. But if you go into a box, you're just not gonna watch the game. No, but if you're watching the box, I Like going inside the box. You would like to just watch, watch The box instead of the football game. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes I would like to just watch the box. I'd like to watch the whole thing. I want everything around the box. Like what's a box? If you don't have the football game Going, the goal is to get into the box. What's A box? If you're not inside of it, The box is, it's true. That's what you want to get into. Yeah. That's just sometimes that's just looking at a picture of a box.


Right. And that doesn't do anything. No, Exactly. Sometimes the chase to get in the box is better than being in the box. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if you never get in the box though, that kind of sucks. It does. Yeah. If you look back on it, you're like, maybe I could have gotten in that box, but we'll never know. Maybe I should just asked if I could have gotten in that box. Yeah. And the box would've been like, yeah, why did you take you so long to ask that? The what if the worst Feeling, but then that maybe there are some boxes that you think that you could have gotten into, but in reality you wouldn't have. But you, you always will go on thinking, I could have been in that box and you can tell your friends, I could have been in that box. Oh yeah. Those are some of the best boxes. When you go and you're like, oh, do you, did you see how many boxes I could have gotten into tonight? But I don't, I didn't, you know what, I'd rather just have pizza.


All of Them. Yeah. Sometimes when you, I'd rather just have pizza and hang with the boys at 2:00 AM Yeah. Instead of getting into all those boxes that were inviting me. When you saw Tommy, your friend in the box, were you like, damn, like, were you like mad or were you like happy for Him? No, I was, I asked him to please not shower so I could smell him after I was happy. I was, I was super pumped for Tommy. Yeah. Like, you gotta gas your bros up. Yeah, For sure. Of course we did. We we texted him And we were like, dude, Big time. How sick was that box Looked pretty sick. It looked really sick. Yeah. Chiefs are just gonna go to the Super Bowl again, aren't They? I mean, you'd, I Said It, you'd be a fool to say, to write them off or to doubt them. I tweeted It a month ago. I was like, everyone needs to just recognize the Chiefs are gonna threepeat and then act accordingly.


And it's not like I'm rooting it, I'm rooting for the opposite to happen. I was, I bet the Chiefs in this game because I was like, well let's play off Mahomes. And I was actively rooting for the Texans during the game. Also. It was the Travis, the Travis Kelsey parallel to the ground touchdown. That's when it was like, yeah. Yeah. That's Mahome. Yeah. That's like he has Just stood there looking at the defender like you tried and He's gonna have like two or three of those plays a game where like no one else can do that. And he did that. And that's why he's Mahomes and everyone else is everyone else. I like just thinking about this game. What like the, the, I I do wanna say anyone who bet minus nine and a half, apologies because I know it was eight and a half all week and then on Saturday it was nine and a half.


That safety was so fucked. That's an all time, all time. After the Miss Field goal. After The Miss Field goal, we were like, holy shit, we did it. And then to lose it. I think some people push it nine as well. That's one that you have a right to complain about just as much as the Texans can complain. Again, I don't think the, I think the Texans, when you score one touchdown and have those gaffes on special teams, you can't be like, man, we should have won that game if those calls go differently. But that doesn't, that's that's common sense. That's the, the two things can be true. That's common sense. Irrational fan brain, complain the fuck away. Yeah. At least you have a, a great complaint to just bitch about.


Yeah. You can always in your mind, you can look back on this game a year from now being like, we should have beat the Chiefs, but the refs fucked us. Yeah. We got screwed by the Refs. And that's, that's good. It's, it's nice to have an excuse that is not your fault at all. Yeah. Okay. So anything else from this game? The Chiefs, I believe are one and a half point favorites over the bills. Okay. Which that's disrespectful to Patrick Holmes I would say. So I would That's they'll just throw that out there. They just, I also shout, did you guys see that picture of the Texans fans that were at the last last row of Arrowhead? No. Oh my God. I want to just, I don't know. They, they probably don't if they're hearing this, if they know someone, if someone knows these people, just be like, Hey, we, we mentioned them.


I'll, I'll try to find it for you. It, it's like a narrow portion where it, like they were so far up there and it was so cold and so windy that I don't know how they survived and that those are just, those fans need a shout out. Let me find a, a picture. What Can you find it Max? One thing I do like about The look up Texans fans, Arrowhead, The cold weather is when the coaches wear the ski mask on the sidelines because the one that goes like above your mouth, it, it blocks out the lip readers out there. Yeah. It's perfect. That's why Andy Reed has a big mustache. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. Look at that. Look at that picture. Yeah. Guns, Those Texans fans, that's, I don't even know if they make you pay for those seats. Is That a safe row? Is that, it's crazy. Is That structurally sound That's so far up there and that's like, you know, they're just getting their fucking dicks kicked in by the wind up there.


Yeah. That's like that thing that leans out over the Willis Tower. Yeah. That you look at. Yeah. So shout out those Texans fans. Errol pointing up for the Texans. I I really do think that like this, this was weirdly bad season because you know, the injuries and CJ Stroud step back, but they, they're gonna be there next year. Yeah. And they're gonna, they they are the only team to never be in a champ championship game. I think I saw that stat. I didn't think that CJ played bad. I, I think that No, this is something that you can be happy with going to next year. And remember you have more playoff wins than the Cowboys since your franchise was created. Pretty good. Just we made that graphic. Just take that graphic, save it your phone, show it to everyone.


Okay.


Before we get to the night game, does everybody here know what season it is? Football Season football? Yes. Hockey basketball. Yeah, that's right. But it's also tax season. Ooh. Which we all know Hank is not a fan of. How you feeling about that Hank? I actually feel good about tax season this year because of tax act. You're not gonna believe this, but Tax Act is great. It's a do yourself tax filing software company. That's what I've been using to do my taxes this year. I've been getting ahead of it. They have step-by-step guidance that makes filing easy. Who doesn't want to do their taxes to be easy? Right. Everyone. Right. And if you have a question, you get stuck. They have US based tax experts who know the ins and outs of the tax system to answer your questions. Super, super easy. Makes the process fly through and you can check it out for yourself. Just go to tax act.com, go to tax act.com. If you need a little help or a lot, there's a level of service for you. They can answer all types of tax related questions. You'll talk to a credential tax expert. So go to tax act.com. Check it out for yourself. Now's the time of year. Get ahead of it. Don't be like me in the past. Be like me of the present and get ahead of your taxes. Use tax act.


Love that Hank. Okay. Night game Commanders 45 Lions 31 PFT. What a game. Yeah, what a fucking Game. If your Lions fan, please fast forward probably for the next three minutes. I understand that you would not want to, it's gonna be longer than that, that you would wanna listen to this. Yeah. But for the first time that I can ever remember in my life, I'm thinking soupy. I'm finally thinking soupy. And the turnaround this team had is fucking unreal from last year. Last year the Commanders were four and 13. We had the worst defense in the NFL ranked number 32. We had the 25th offense in the NFLA minus 180 9 point differential this year.


14 and five. 16th ranked defense, fifth ranked offense, first ranked offense on fourth down a couple weeks ago. We weren't sure if they were good. We thought that they just won games. They're good. Yeah. They just kicked a great team's ass in their house. They're fucking good team. And Jayden Daniels, he is, God. Jayden is, he's the best. I think he's the best quarterback in the NFC. I think he's probably top five in the NFL. This team is just incredible to watch. It was a lot of fun. That second quarter was just, it was nuts. Just score, score, score.


And the defense stepped it up big time creating turnovers. The interceptions of Jared, the interception of the trick play that Ben Johnson tried to run. They did kind of a bin but don't break thing. The, the Lions were scoring touchdown. They were gashing us with Jamir Gibbs and then for some reason they kept putting Montgomery back out there on Friday. I said, Montgomery's a great player and it's, he's tough as fuck. If he's battled back and he's playing in this game, I respect the hell out of him. But at the same time, if you're gonna tell me I'm either getting Montgomery on the field or Gibbs on the field as a Commanders fan, give Montgomery as many touches as you you can possibly give them. 'cause we couldn't stop Jamir Gibbs at all. And yeah, they, they scored their points.


They, they took their shots, but their defense I think probably sustained too many injuries over the course of the season to be able to do much to stop the, the Commanders. But it is, it's incredible. It's, it's been such a fun season. And Jayden is the first quarterback that's drafted in the top four to ever make a championship game as a rookie. And yeah, it's, it was a lot of fun. I was scared going into the game. I wasn't, I wasn't feeling confident until we recovered that onside kick at the end. But yeah, man, I, I think that, I think we can beat anybody. Yeah. That's what Jayden has done. Like I don't think that we're the best team in the NFL. I don't think we necessarily have the best roster top to bottom in the NFL, but I think that we could beat any team on any given Sunday and the keys to the game.


Fuck 'em up. Yep. Put the women children to bed. Yep. Jaden Daniels and the hype video four check marks, Which is a great hype video. Thank You. I appreciate it. It was great Hype Max didn't care for it. I Watched the whole thing. It was great hype video. And then I listened to Coldplay in my car. Yeah, I did. That's a thing I didn't care for. That's, that's when you know a hype video is good that you listen to the song after the hype video. It's a great song. Yeah. That's a lie. You saying that. I didn't care for it. I thought it was a really good video, but it, other people agreed with me that it seemed more like a end of season video. And guess what was, was it It worked. It worked. It Worked. Was it supposed to hype up other people or Commanders fans? No, there was Commanders fans that were saying that too. No, I didn't see that. Yeah, I did. I I saw almost a hundred percent approval rating on the hype video.


No, everyone shout out. Everyone said it was a good video. It was a great video. It just, the vibe it, but you know, it worked. So what can I say? It worked. Yeah. It was telling a story. I was telling a story. It Was a great storytelling. I I, this game to me came down to two things. One, a guy by the name of Philly Maze on Twitter tweeted out the Lions may win this game by a hundred. When they were up seven to three. That was almost instantly proven incorrect. And then the real thing was, I think we all had the same thought when we were watching this game. Commanders were incredible in the first half. And we were like, can they, can they hold on? And what happened in the second half? Commanders get the ball three and out the Lions go down the field score, make it a three point game.


You're like, uhoh, here it comes. And then Jaden Daniels went on a 15 play 70 yard drive. Started with 8 28 in the third quarter. Gave the ball back to the Lions with 1329 in the fourth quarter. Got a touchdown back to a 10 point lead. That was it. Like that, that drive. 'cause that was the moment. That was the moment. And I think I tweeted Jaden Daniels is unflappable. That was the moment where the Commanders could have blinked and like, you know, you're in a r ruckus environment, you're an eight and a half point dog. You just went three and out. They just went and scored. It's a three point game and he didn't blink. And he's, I mean he's special. Like that's what I wrote down right here. Jaden Daniels is special.


He's incredible. Like his rookie season has been out of this world, probably one of the best of all time rookie seasons. Obviously I get tagged in a lot of tweets. He's way better than Caleb Williams right now. I still have hopes for Caleb Williams, but I also think that if Jaden Daniels was drafted by the Bears, he wouldn't have been good. That's neither here nor there. This is more about Jaden Daniels. He's special. He's an incredible, incredible talent. And we, I said this to you on Friday. I was like, I I, I went in the game being like, the Lions are better, but Jaden Daniels is just different. Yeah. And like that was, I kept on saying in my head, I ended up betting the Commanders on the spread. I wish I better a money line. But I just kept on saying like, whatever's happening here, it's a whole team believing.


And there guy just carrying them all to this place where it's like they're just play, everyone's playing better and everyone plays different. Knowing they have that guy who can make those type of drives and those type of plays. Fourth down plays where it just, it's incredible. So on fourth down, I, I noticed this early on in the season, like third and short, fourth and short. Jaden Daniels just doesn't care. He just doesn't care at all. He's, he's the same guy. He acts like it's a first intent every time he acts like it's the easiest play in the world. He's unflappable, he's cool. He does not panic ever. So when we we do these fourth down conversions, I'm always like, yeah, you know what Dan, fuck it, let's go for it.


Except for Marcus Mariota. That was one of the worst. That was, That was bad. So we, I think we were three for four. Yeah. On fourth down conversions. Don't, don't Take the ball outta Jayden. Daniel's hands don't Do with the Commanders. I I think after Saturday night's game, we now have the most fourth down conversions in playoff history after two games. Like they, they go for it. They're consistent. Dan Quinn's been doing this all year. He's doing like he out Dan Dan. Yeah. It was, this is the type of game plan that Dan Campbell's known for. Dan Quinn did it. We executed better. Just he doesn't, he does not give a fuck that. It's forth down. Yeah. I don't know how he does it. He doesn't feel emotions. He's just goes out there and he acts like it's practice. Yeah. The term Or lof scale, like the term he uses, he says pocket peace.


Yeah. Like that. He's got the best pocket peace. Like he's just peace. He Yes, he's at peace in the pocket. He's Un he's unflappable. That was the two words. Unflappable and special. Like, there's just something going on there where he's just, he's the game is slowing down for him almost. Where he just looks like he's playing it at a completely different speed than everyone else. Also to add to your like turnaround, each of the top eight commander Tacklers this year on defense were not on the roster a year ago. Yeah. And Dan Quinn and Cliff Kingsbury and your ownership group and you know, your gm, everyone like this is the watching this, I I've, I've come to peace with it. Obviously I've had mixed feelings where I, you know, tried to fight against it and I was like, fuck, this is not like, this isn't happening.


Jane Daniels is special. I had, I I've, I've given up probably like three weeks ago where I was like, this is just, I think it was the Falcons game where I was like, why even fight it? The guy is on another level. And if anything it gives hope to anyone who roots for a bad team is like, you just gotta get a new owner. Yeah. And then everything can work because Dan Quinn, everything's working for him and everything's working for Cliff Kingsbury. Everything's working for Jaden Daniels. The only thing that's not working is Stu Finer did say that after every, everyone on the commander's hugged Magic Johnson after the game, that the whole team is out with AIDS next week. Well that's not true scientifically. Yeah, That was, that was, and you know, what was that was Stu going back in his bag? But you know what, it's a playoff. Everybody's dealing with something.


Yeah. Everyone's nicked up in the Playoffs. No, It's crazy. I'm happy for you. It's crazy. Like, and I know people are like, oh, you're not actually happy for him. I gave up on trying to fight it, like I said a month ago where it's like, you, you just gotta sit back and watch him be like, this is what we're watching is incredible. And enjoy it as a sports watcher and not think about, you know, what could have been. It's just he's on, he, he's a joy to watch play Football. He's unreal. He's unreal. Yeah. The, the turnaround that they've had and the, the guys on defense, the, the second drive that the Lions had going in, they were up seven three And we forced a fumble, recovered it. I think if the Lions score that it might, it might be a different game. And, but to come up with a big play at the right time between him, Jeremy Chin, Mikey Sanders still, I fucking love this guy.


I love him so much. Got two picks. He played receiver at Michigan too, not just cornerback. He is the best and tough break with Sam Cosby, who was playing well and then he got rolled up on probably our best offensive lineman. He's our only Pro Bowl offensive lineman. He is, he's now out with an ACL. That sucks. But we saw the emergence in the last couple weeks of playoff Dami. So Dami Brown is absolutely, the story behind him is wild. So Grant Paulson tweeted out these stats. Dami Brown went four years in the NFL without catching five passes in the game. Geez. Not once over four seasons. Did he do it in the last two games in the Playoffs.


Five catches, 89 yards in a touchdown, six catches 98 yards. And this is going up against Amman Ross St. Brown, who is a great receiver that talks shit about Dami. I I think that was last year being like, tell me how many catches this guy has. Yeah. Like I think he, he might have been drafted ahead of him. So that's one of the guys that he remembers Yeah. On that list. But Playoff Dami is a different guy. Yeah. And that, that drop in the bucket that Jayden had to him on that post route while he was blindfolded with the hand of the defender. It just absolutely incredible stuff. And DMI Brown, like what you just, all the stats you just said, that really goes back to what I was saying with Jayden Daniel being special and you know, when you're watching a special quarterback, because he just elevates every single person.


Yeah. Like every single person plays better. The line blocks better. Running backs run harder. Just everything looks better because of that guy. And I, I know that's oversimplifying it, but I truly believe it. That's why it's the most important position in all of American sports. Yeah. Like the culture and Right. The GM and, and the head coach and the belief in yourself. Like, none of that means shit unless you have a special quarterback. Right. And that's a, that's the biggest part of the equation. But yeah, I love Dan Quinn. I love Jayden Daniels. I love Terry McClure. I'm so happy for him every time he does something that, that stands out because it's like, this guy has been a great, great wide receiver for some really shitty quarterbacks. So it's fun seeing him and just saying the words the Washington Commanders are in the NFC championship game.


It's crazy. I feel like I died. Yeah. I feel like I'm a dead person and this is the sixth sense. Or I'm in heaven. Oh. I mean, if I'm in heaven, cool. That rocks, That means we're there too. So it's like win-win. But yeah, I feel like I'm dead and this is something that's not real that's happening. I'd never, never thought that this would happen this quickly. But yeah, if you have a shitty owner, just all you have to do is protest for 20 years. Have him found culpable for sexual harassment via multiple investigations. Have him be investigated for cooking the books and stealing money from the other owners. And then maybe you'll end up getting him out too. Because You, you agree with this statement? Because what I was saying was, if, if the bear like revisionist history, if the Bears had drafted Jayn Daniels, I think he would not have had this rookie year because he would've been on the Bears And we had Ebra flu as a coach and all this turmoil and all this shit and offensive line, all that crap.


Like, I just don't think it would've gone the same way. Just like that. If Dan Snyder still owns a team, you guys aren't in the n champ. None. This happens team. No. If Dan der owns a team, the the field goal last week is missing by 40 yards to the right Circumstance and everything around it matters. The snap never even gets to the holder. Yeah. Matters. If Dan der it Matters so much. The Hail Mary would've never happened if it were Dan Snyder that own the team. You don't get good luck on your side if you have a shitty owner. I'd say the one good thing I do think he watched the game. Yeah. Probably. Because I was thinking, I hope, I hope that he watched the game and I hope he's so fucking pissed off. I hope you're, I hope you're just miserable right now, Dan. Wherever you are, fuck you. It's hard. It would be hard not to watch football. Yeah. Even if it's a team that you used to own. I also will One spin zone.


'cause obviously you know the Jayden Daniels Kale Williams in my own personal Hell, it does mask the fact that Dan Quinn also was a finalist for the Bears Head coaching job. And they were like, nah, Eber Flu. I think he was the last person hired. Yeah, They flew him commercial. Yeah. Yeah. He was the last coach hired Commercial middle seat. So, And, and Let this, that, that massed that whole thing. Let this also show for the record that in case you were somehow a fucking moron and you thought that me and Big Cat No Ball, Dan Quinn was the last guy on my list. Yeah. I did doubt Dan Quinn. I, I wanted Ben Johnson last year. Hopefully That happens for me with Mike McCarthy. I wanted Ben Johnson last year and guess what happened? I didn't get Ben Johnson.


I was upset. Instead I got Dan Quinn. What does Dan Quinn do? He goes and he beats Ben Johnson playoffs And, and he gets Cliff Kingsbury and he gets, and that was so huge. 'cause Cliff Kingsbury has done an incredible job of basically making sure that a rookie quarterback is in the perfect spot to succeed. Essentially everything that I said that was wrong in the off season just applied to Jayden Daniels. You know what's crazy is because I'm a fucking Moron that this game probably should have been 45 to 24. Yeah. Instead of 45 to 31, there was the, the fa Phantom face mask penalty Yep. That they called, that was not a face mask. Extended that drive that was on third down, third and long, they would've punted that ball away and they ended up scoring a touchdown off it.


Now If we're gonna do what ifs I have one question for you. Okay. The, that was a crazy hit on Jared Goff on the pick six Y Yeah. But also, And he might've been concussed, But also Jared was kind of engaged with a different Yeah. Defender and Lvu came in. It was a little bit high, but it was like Yeah. Bobby Saying Face I'm, it's crazy in the fact that quarterbacks don't, like, usually that's a flag. Yeah. That's you Max. No, that's a flag max. Yes. That's definitely. Wait, alright. Yeah, yeah. You agree with me? Wait, So what I'm saying is it might, might, but But it was crazy. That's, It might be a Flag. Alright. I thought you were disagreement. That was a crazy hit. It might be a flag. But also Newton shoved him at the last second. So the, the target moves, I mean, he launched into him and this is crazy.


Jared Goff probably got hem. I listen, Jared Goff played a bad game. We love Jared. He's a friend of the show. Been a friend of the show since the beginning of this show. He had a bad game. He was careless with the ball. I I wonder if he got concussed there 'cause he did go back to the locker room and he got fucking wrecked on this play. Yeah. And that is usually, that's flagged almost all the time. Like when you hit a quarterback like that after a pick. That's, that's a flag. I mean, that's Mahomes, that's jail. If you do that to Mahomes. Yeah. Drop a bomb on you. Well, you say Max throw A grenade. No, I, Memes told me to bring this up earlier. 'cause he was like, you have to Talk about Oh, I was always gonna bring it up. Yeah, yeah. No, that was that that, and I don't know if he got concussed or not.


Like he, he obviously threw that pick before that hit. So he was not playing great before that hit. But he didn't play great after either. Yeah. No, I don't think it made a difference in the game. No, the no the lines were never winning that game. But that was like, that was a Crazy hit. That was a crazy hit. Yeah. So it's, it's, I I Mean if they didn't, the, the, the Trick play interception, like that was, if that was a 10 point game, if they scored a touchdown on that drive, they easily could have won the game where The Lions really game lost the game. Ja Jamo lost the game for them. And I, I like, it sucks 'cause I like watching Jameson Williams play football and he's electric, but, and he had that incredible run. But Jameson Williams lost this game for them in, in two different ways. And, and Jared Goff obviously deserves and, and the defense, all that stuff, which we can get to all the lion stuff.


But I thought the Jameson Williams trick play where he threw the ball just don't like throw it outta bounds, I don't know, do something else. And then I actually thought in the, the end of the first half was where the Lions really like, kind of lost the game because they're going down to score and Jared throws past the Jameson Williams in the end zone that gets intercepted. And that was like maybe Jamon Williams being a younger receiver where a savvy vet you slow down and let the cornerback make contact through you and you get a flag. Like he kind of, he wasn't strong enough on the ball there and the cornerback made a great play. And that was maybe a, maybe the lines are down three going in the half and now they're down 10 and they don't get the ball.


I Yeah, I thought that was a great play by Sandri that way. He kinda undercut the route. Yeah. But He a little but he, he, he just wasn't strong enough to the ball. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like he, like a a, a vet receiver is stronger to the ball there than Jameson Williams Was. And then he kind of mentally checked out in the second half. Yeah. So, but we should talk about the Lions. That was about as devastating of a loss as you can have for a team. Now. I I like you have a season that's a dream season in terms of record and, and 15 wins and number one seed for the first time in franchise history. But the defensive injuries, and I know, listen, everyone gets injured.


I saw the, the depth chart. Did you see that? That they hit, they basically, I'm gonna, I'm gonna look it up real quick. I think I bookmarked it. The Lions, 'cause they lost Amek Robertson in the first quarter of the game and he's obviously a very important Yeah. So here it is. So they had, by the end of this game, they were out 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 week one starters on defense. And then 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 7 backups. And what is that? Three four of them were, they lost the starter and the backup. They had basically no one playing defense at the end of the game.


So I, I do feel bad in that respect. 'cause that's just the shittiest, the shittiest luck with injuries on defense. He could possibly have it, It's actually pretty remarkable that they got this far and they got the, they got the buy in the one seat. Yeah. Like they did a great job. Aaron Glenn did a great job getting every single bit that they could have gotten out of the players that they had. By the time you're on like the third string at multiple positions, it's gonna be tough no matter who is gonna coach you up. But they, they did a good job this season. It just, it ran too thin. Yeah. They just didn't have anybody back there. And, and now you have a Lions franchise that's kind of at a crossroads because you're gonna lose your offensive coordinator, you're gonna lose your defensive quarter, most likely.


Your defensive quarter chef already reported that Ben Johnson will take a, a head coaching job between the Raiders, the Jaguars of the Bears. And you just won 15 games. You come off an NC championship appearance last year, you climbed back to the mountain. You could see it in Dan Campbell's post game press conference. He was crying. He was emo very emotional. He took all the blame. Again. I think it's, when you look at like the blame pie for the Lions, Jared had a really bad game at the worst time and their defense couldn't withstand the amount of injuries they had. And Jaden Daniels is special. Our friend Detroit Don did hit me up. He said, this was at midnight on Saturday night.


He said, I'm staying off social media for a month. See on the backside, me and Superfan are sick. Yeah. And you could see it. They were showing the, the Lions fans at the end of the game and it was just shock and disbelief. And they, I mean, the first time in franchise history that they have the path goes through Detroit and to have that happen where it wasn't, it wasn't a fluke. It wasn't like a crazy, you know, bounce off a helmet. It wasn't a Hail Mary. It was, the Commanders were better. They had all the guys from Detroit, they had Calvin Johnson there, they had Barry Sanders. They had, they, they pulled out all the stops. It felt like this was gonna be the lion's ear if there was one. And Dan Campbell seemed to have the team just humming.


Like they were, they were playing with the same intensity in that game against the Vikings that you saw out of week one out of lines. It was a pretty incredible season for 'em. But you're not gonna remember the incredible season. You're gonna remember. This is the team that, that should have gone farther. How Quickly is the storyline gonna be that like Dan Campbell pushes too hard and the practices are too hard and that's why they're injured so much? I I actually think there'll be a different story before that one. Okay. The story before that one will be, did Ben Johnson and Aaron Glenn lose focus on this game because they were doing interviews going into this week? Yeah. Ben Johnson didn't have his best game. Although the double shovel pass was Awesome. That was a great play.


Yeah. That Was an incredible play. But yeah, the, the trick play to Jamo was, it, it was baffling and Don't get me wrong, and they were just running it. They didn't need it and they didn't need it. And just run Jamir Gibbs. Yeah. Like, like I know David Montgomery came back faster than anyone ever expected. Jamir Gibbs is such an insane talent and the way he runs and how fast he is and his vision just run the whole game through Jamir Gibbs In the first half. It was like he was averaging 15 yards of carry. Yeah, it was, it was crazy. The the fact that they went away from him was nuts. The, the Commanders also did get a little bit of luck on their side. They had, like you mentioned, okay, there's a call that, that probably should have been made. There was also a route that Ahman rah just slipped on when he would've been wide open for a first down on an important drive.


So yeah, there's, there's luck That's, you can't, I mean, that's not that that happens in every game. There's breaks, there's a game of inches. There's breaks that you get. And and fortunately we got more breaks and I think we were the better team. Yeah, You absolutely were. And Jay Daniel's significantly outplayed Jared. Like that's just a fact. You can't, you can't sugarcoat it. Do anything. I thought That there was a, a pretty interesting stat. This is the first time that a Josh Harris owned team has gotten past the second round of the playoffs. Oh, isn't that interesting? Wow. Whoa. How many teams does he own? Yeah. What are the teams? Well, he, he owns the Devils, the New Jersey Devils. And then I believe he owns a basketball team. I think it's the Sixers. Oh, he's been doing that for a while, right?


Yeah. He's had, yeah, six. And they haven't gotten to the, They haven't, we're talking football here. No, but no. Yeah, Josh Harris is the owner of Keep Talking Shit. Keep talking shit. We'll see you next week. Washington Commanders. Oh, this is, I Can't wait. He's the owner of the Washington Commanders talking Shit. I don't want to talk Commanders Eagles until after we talk all the games. But then I want do No, but I, I just wanna remind him. I wanna to get it it while He's talking. Shit. Who he, where he has to go Next week. Wait, which was gonna win the NBA championship? That was just a Fact. What, where was the shit talk? He was just doing facts. I'm happy for Josh. Where was the shit? Shit. Talk it. I'm a fan of Josh Harris and I'm happy that he's owning a team that's, that's living up to his ability as an owner. That was No d that was just a stat. He just did a stat Okay. And everything Jayden Daniels has done for the city.


I'm so glad that he was able to help Josh out in that same way. Josh is, he's a DC area guy. That was just a stat. Josh Harris, thank you for everything that you've done for the city. I'm happy for you. PFT Get Ready, get ready For the longest week of your life though. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm, listen, I'm, I'm taking today to celebrate just like we won a game today. I'm gonna celebrate, I'm gonna enjoy the victory. And then starting Monday. Guess what? Back To work. I'm not celebrating for the record. Oh wow. Back to work. I will be, I'm doing zero celebrating. Oh, Back to work. Okay. Sometimes you gotta stop and smell the roses. And you're saying act like you've been there before. I have not been here before. I'm going to, I'm gonna enjoy a day. I'm giving myself a day.


And then guess what? As you're not gonna see me anymore locked in. You better fucking believe I'm doing a hype video again on Friday and it's gonna kick the shit out. The last one that I did, he was, There was rumors it might be Freebird, which is like nine minutes long. Yeah. We'll have to talk to quick quakes quakes about that one. Quakes. I, I haven't decided, I haven't made a Final choice. Clear schedule. Quakes have not Made a final Choice. No. Advisors. Yeah, advisor's. Done. He's got the Time. I haven't made a final choice on what song is gonna be the soundtrack, but Free Bird is one of the names that's in the hat right now. I'm, I'm happy for you too. PFD I'm happy that I also made the decision to let go of just trying to fight it. Yeah. Honestly, like A, a month ago, I just had to do it because it's better for my mental health and 'cause it, it was like one of those things where people would text me.


I think I, I got in a fight with SVP on text about a month ago and I was like, what are you doing dude? Like kale. I, I still think it could be great, but he had a disaster. Like the Bears were a disaster this year. And Jade Daniels is special. Just, just let go, let go. Yeah. And the way I look at it, I honestly don't care if you're upset or not. There are a Lot of people. No, but I'm not, yeah. Like that's the thing. I know people can be like, oh, he's so upset. He could mention it. I literally have, yeah. Jade Daniels is so much fun to watch. Listen to me. I'm, I'm not, there are people that are also out there like, oh, you know that big cat's so mad. You right now. I, I wanna be perfectly clear. I'm, I'm enjoying this. The thought of whether Big Cat is enjoying my success does not ever enter my brain.


Correct. Don't I do not give a shit about that. I'm going to love what's happening to my team because it's, it's a miracle. What I'm seeing from the Washington, the, the Commanders are in the NFC championship Game. Yeah. I do think that the, I mean we, you know, our words get dissected over a million times. I do think people would, would have noticed that I have had a, a shift in general vibe just because it's, it's fun to watch Jayden Daniels play football and I'm not gonna rob myself of having fun watching someone play football. Just thinking about what, what could be, because again, Jayden Daniels would've sucked if he was on the Bears. Yeah. He just would've And Kale Williams would be here. I, I don't know about that. I wouldn't go that Far.


I don't fucking know. I had Jayden number one on my big board. Glad that we got our top guy. We had him tagged as a commander going into the drafts. True. We only gave out three Commanders tags. That's true. And we got one of 'em. So I had him number one. By the way, the NFC North most regular season wins 45 with zero playoff wins. The NFC Beast is back Bears had just as many playoff wins as the rest of the division. Yep. That's a fact. Also tied for the most wins in in 2025. Who do you one to one with the Lions? Yep. Who do you think had a worst time watching this week in Slate Cowboys fans? Because you've got their former defensive coordinator, Dan Quinn, and then you've got their former offensive coordinator, Kellen Moore winning also Jade Daniels just tied Dak Prescott for most career playoff wins.


I guess Dak pr Jayden Daniels now has as many career playoff wins as Dan Snyder too, which is pretty cool. Do you think they had a worse time or Giants fans watching Saquon Lions fans. Lions fans? Yeah. I'm not, I don't feel bad for Lions fans 'cause they're in the division and they've talked a lot of shit. I do feel bad for Detroit Don and Super fan. Yeah. Those two guys specifically. I, I, I Feel bad for Lions. I feel bad for Lions fans as well. Tortured fan bases will always have a soft s part in my heart. Sprinkles and I, I feel bad because I feel bad for Sprinkles as Well. I don't feel bad that we won the game. But I, I feel for Lions fans and I Feel bad for Dink When you have a season like that and you have the bye week.


I know you're not even thinking about the divisional round. Yeah, that's what, that's what like, they got hit in the mouth and they didn't realize it till like probably halfway through the third quarter. Their d it is just their d like their defense was just so, so broken. They had no no names. They had guys who like didn't practice, who just showed up and had to play in, in a divisional round playoff game. So The top seeds are now 12 and eight in their first playoff games in the divisional round. So getting the buy doesn't, it's not that great. No, No. I gotta say it. Say it. I gotta say it. Say it. We love Dan Campbell. We can't, we can't say it. We can't keep saying the winner thing. We can't, I didn't say winner. Did I say winner? But when did I say it?


Now did I say now We haven't but, but I didn't say it. Did I say it? He had to say it. I had to say it. I mean, we, we've this didn't call him a winner. We've this back and forth for the past. For the past three months. Yeah. I mean, he was a winner this year, but he, he, he's not a winner for this game. He, the team wasn't ready. Correct. Yeah. I know. We, I that's all, that's all we have to say. I had to address it. What did we say that Dan Campbell is a winner? Do we say that a lot? Well, I had the, I had the argument that you can't keep calling him a winner. We had the argument until he wins in the playoffs. Did it? He go to NFC championship game last year. Yeah. And Yeah. Correct. And during the season he was winning a lot of football games. Correct. But that doesn't make someone a winner winning regular season game Zombie didn't, so we didn't call him a winner.


Don't for like, imagine if we had started this and been like, like, all right. PFT Hold on a second. But you've said it, you've said, I know you want to talk about the Commanders being the NFC championship game, but I'd first like to say Dan Campbell's a winner. I also Don't think that we've had long extended conversations about What a winner at. We had not Wonder debate. Dan Campbell was where He was like, you can't say he's a winner Until he wins in the playoffs. I think he, I still, I think he's a, I still think Dan Campbell's a very coach, but that's something that we talked about. And he's gotta win in the playoffs before I, before we redeem him a winner. I think grading it on a curve, Dan Campbell's a winner because he changed the complete culture of the Detroit Lions. The Detroit Lions. That's fair. That's A fair point. The entire culture and and performance of the Detroit Lions a franchise that just, there's there they're besides the Cleveland Browns, they're the fra like you'd never say winning in the Detroit Lions.


And he made that a real thing that happened the last couple of years. He's not a winner today. They lost, he wasn't ready. Ready. How many playoff games Would do he need to win to be, become a winner in your eyes? Super Bowl. Okay. That's what I said. Okay. That's what I said the first time. I'm happy you addressed that because I was worried there's a lot of people out there. I there I was worried there was a lot that someone was gonna be like, Hey, why didn't they talk about Dan Campbell Not being win? Well, I we're gonna, we're gonna whatever. Dan Campbell, Dan Campbell did not have his team ready to play. Yeah, That's, Yeah. People Are, you know, Hank there was a lot of, there was a lot of blame. Hank a lot of blame to Ben Johnson. A lot of blame. The I said that Dan Campbell, I, I'm pretty sure I said that if I didn't, I'm sorry.


Dan Campbell got out coached. Okay, that Hank, what? Are you happy he said that he had to say it. I had to say it. I had to say it. National Sports Podcast. I, I think, I do think Dan Campbell's a very good coach, but I wanted to, I don't know. He didn't have his, he didn't have his guys ready to play today. I do think that anyone who, who makes the Lions a 15 win team by nature is a winner. Yeah. That's a pretty tough thing to do. Like, that's almost Impossible getting a buy tops Seeded. I mean the most wins in franchise history. That's crazy. Okay, So lemme ask you super banged up. Are, are you, if you're a Lions fan, or has the thought entered your head at all?


Like maybe Dan Campbell's the problem. Should we Fire, if you're a Lions fan, are you thinking if you're fan, you Like, I got fired purified on in the show when I said that you can't call him a winner until he wins in the playoffs. He has won in the Playoffs. Should he has he went Doesn't n championship game, But ever that doesn't make you a winner. Okay. Winning a playoff game does not make you winner. I Said he until he wins in the playoffs. But he, he has won The playoffs. He hasn't won a Super Bowl. Okay. Well, a lot of coaches haven't won. Correct? Yeah, that's true. I should Lions fans think about Dan Campbell being fired. No, that's not what I'm saying. That not, he's not a Winner and you need a winner to win. That's True. I'm not even saying that He is not a winner. I'll tell you what, I'm not even saying that he's not a winner. All I'm saying is that you Literally said it has to be said No.


But it has to be. Yes, it has to be said because we add this to the But you ain't saying it. No, I'm not saying that he's, I'm, I'm just not giving him the label of Dan Campbell winner. So that would imply he not loser either. So what is he? He's just not, he's in between. He's just coach. He's just coach. He's a good coach. He's good coach. He's a good coach, but Not a winner. He's not not labeled winner. Jayden Daniels a winner. Well, yeah, I mean, we haven't seen him. We haven't seen him lose. Yeah, but he hasn't, he Hasn't losing The playoffs. He hasn't won a Super Bowl though. So Andy Reed was not a winner until he went to Kansas City. Yeah. That was literally the, the big thing of Andy Reed. He Did say that. Okay.


But Jay Daniels is not a winner. That was, that was Actually Josh Allen not Actually made my argument perfectly. Josh. Yeah. That, that hurt Josh Allen and Lamar Jackson. Not winners. Correct. Jane Daniel's not a winner. Not yet. I don't know why all of his, I'm asking Who he's, but he might turn, he might turn into a loser next week. Correct. We never know. I'm, it happens that fast. I mean, I, we, this is just a different discourse for different people. So happy brought this up. You had say, I want someone to tweet and be like, I was waiting for Max to say that Max, does this have anything to do with Memes? Memes was ba memes was back here with me saying Me. Speak up. Does this have anything to do with the, About the winter thing?


The fact that I, I told him to take notes and then bringing it up in the Eagles. Does This have anything to do with the fact that we give credit to Dan Campbell for going four on fourth downs? Well, Yes. That's, this is basically, this is Exactly what it's somehow Alright, so we're un He's every Okay. Called Nick Siri a loser. And Dan Campbell a winner, but, okay. Nick Sirian not a winner Yet. Nick Siriano, you gave us the right to call Nick Sirianni a loser by calling him a loser. Fair. But now I don't think so. But he is not won of Super Bowl. True. That he's still Also not Aware of. He's in the, he's in the middle. He's in the middle category. He's Coach. He's good. Coach Bo both in the same category of Coach I had, I wrote down praise for Nick Siri. It's coming buddy. I we'll get to It. I shouldn't have jumped the gun.


I had praise for Nick. I'm Nick Sirian. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said anything. I shouldn't have said anything. I liked it. I liked it fired up. I like it. Max. We shouldn't have said anything. I like it. I'm Gonna say Dan Campbell's still a winner. Yeah, I would agree. I would agree with that. Bad Game. He's a bad, I think bad game. What team wasn't ready? They got punched in the mouth. They were s they're supposed to be the tougher team that, you know, punches other teams in the mouth, biting knee caps, all that shit. That was a bad, like he just, they weren't ready. And, and yeah, but he is a winner. This is what memes really wants to talk about is PFT fucking the floor. He Was doing the jam. I did the Jamo. Yeah, I know. That was great. Yeah. Jamon Williams caught the touchdown.


Fuck the carpet. Didn't get a flag for it. He was having sex with the ground at, at Ford Field. So the first thing I thought about was, yeah, fuck that Carpet. Also very funny because PFT was wearing an outrageous for the outsiders, an outrageous jumpsuit. Washington commander's jumpsuit. And Coach Gruden even said to me, he's like, can you believe what this guy's wearing today? And I had to like look and be like, oh yeah, I guess for, for you that would be weird. I was like, that's, I didn't flinch when pf PFT walked in with That on number one. It's jumpsuit January. Yes. Number two, that's a commander's jumpsuit. Yep. Number three. I've worn that jumpsuit before. Yeah. So I've broken it in a little bit. But yeah, I mean it's the playoffs. You have to pull out all the stops for the Playoffs.


There's really nothing besides if you walked in with like new a tuxedo. Yeah. That I would be shocked if I wear a collared shirt. People are like, you have court later, don't you? Yeah. I'm like, who died? That was the most average PFT outfit. Yeah, that's What I'm saying. Yeah. Shocked That anyone was saying anything Didn. Well, Gruden doesn't know. So he was like, can you believe this? I was like, yeah, no, I can. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. And And Gruden, he hates the Commanders. I probably would hate the Commanders if I were him too. Yes. But I, I converted him like halfway through the second quarter. He's like, I can't root against this guy anymore. That's, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. Jane did. If you are rooting against, obviously if you're an Eagles fan, yeah. But if you're a a neutral party, it's way more fun.


Especially if you're a neutral party and you're, you know, a Bears fan who has Kle Williams like myself. If you're a neutral party though, it's a lot more fun to just let go and be like, he's awesome to watch. 'cause he is, he's awesome to watch. Yeah. And that was a very fun game to watch. I would say even probably like 50% of Eagles fans are kind of rooting for Jane Daniels this weekend. 'cause he's that fun to watch. And there's, I would Say that's Probably true city known for their sportsmanship. Yeah. I'd say most Eagles fans are like, damn, he's so much fun to watch. They'd probably be a little bit happy if they lost the game. They'd be like, you know what, I, I wanna see that guy playing the Super Bowl. That is incorrect. I will say No, no, no notes for Jayden Daniels this week. He was incredible. Yeah, he's really fucking good.


Yeah. And the Eagles better win now because I, I'm scared that that guy's gonna, that I'm officially scared that he's around for like, the rest of my life. Yeah. Oh, he's that good. Yeah. Max, I, I hope you live My life is, I hope you live more than 45 Now. Jay's gonna be here for like 50 years. Nothing's ever gonna be bad again. Let's, let's go to the Sunday games. Before we do that, we're gonna take a quick break for some ads.


Hey, games in a second. They're brought to you by Campbell's Chunky Soup. It's soup season. What a great time of year. It's cold outside. It'll be really cold here in Chicago this week. But the colder it is, the better the soup tastes. It fills you up. It warms you up from the inside out. I love soup. I mean soup almost every day. You know who else eats soup? We got players like Jason Kelsey, Montez Sweat, Frank Ragnow, chop Robinson, will Anderson Jr. Trent Williams. All noted soup guys. Sam Hubbard, friend of the program also noted Campbell's Chunky Soup Guy. But even guys like Sam Hubbard can't compare it to the go-to Spicy chicken and sausage gumbo. It's packed with great ingredients. It keeps me going strong. Today's episode of Pardon? My Take is brought to you by Campbell's Chunky Soup. It is the soup that eats like a meal. When you think chunky, think of players like that. Think of, think of big beefy. Strong powerhouse. 250 pounds of pure unstoppable energy type players. Chunky takes satisfaction to the max of this soup season. Grab a can of Campbell's chunky soup today. Get involved with soup season. Campbell's Chunky Soup.


These games were also brought to you by our great friends at Doritos. I love Doritos. The perfect chip, perfect snack. Somebody posted a cooler ranch Doritos that had the perfect amount of seasoning. It was just, it was incredible. With Patrick Mahomes help Doritos just revealed the top three ads that are still in the running to win the Doritos crash, the Super Bowl. Now it's up to the people. That's you to choose which creator will win a million dollars and have their submission run as Dorito's 25th Super Bowl ad by voting for their favorite fan made ad@doritoscrash.com. Now until January 28th, fans can visit doritos crash.com, cast their vote for who they think is winning the ad. Will it be abduction, barbershop or charades? You have eight days left to vote. Vote for the next Super Bowl ad@doritoscrash.com.


Now back to the games. Okay, max Eagles, 28 Rams. 22 Saquon Barkley. That's it. Saquon Barkley, I mean obviously the Eagles defense as well, which I wanna talk about. But Saquon Barkley is so fucking good. Saquon Barkley had, that was his sixth touchdown of 60 plus yards. Four of the six have come against the Rams. He had five. So 534 total yards is the most a player's ever had against another opponent in a season. And he only played the Rams twice. Think about that.


He only played 'em twice. He had 534 total yards of scrimmage from scrimmage. He, the, the, the run in the first half, the run to end the game. He's so goddamn good. And Max, did you see that clip? Which was one of the coolest things I've ever seen before. The 78 yard touchdown. He turned to Jalen Hertz, they did a mouth reading. He said, watch this. He just knew what it was gonna happen. And he ripped off 78 yard run. And the Eagles are back in the NFC championship game. Nick Siri, really good coach winner. Nick Siri is now three and oh versus Sean McVay. Nick Siri is eight and oh versus Sean McVay, Matt LeFlore and Dan Campbell.


That's pretty good. It's a winner. Those are three coaches that everyone's, you know, like, hey coach of the years and, and everything. Super Bowl coach and Sean McVay, he's eight. No. Against those guys. That's a Winner. I may have jumped the gun a little bit here. Why the whole, I mean, yeah. You didn't know I had that. Yeah, I may have jumped the gun a little bit. I Was gonna be praising Nick Sirianni. Yeah. I may have jumped the gun a little bit here. That's fair. That's fair. Sometimes you gotta, you had say I had, I had Dan Campbell in the stat that's Yep. That's on me. That's on me. Sometimes I get a little excited. Oh, that's fair man. Well it's more so whatever it had to be. It had to be said. It had to be said. And to be Fair, he's beating a bunch of losers. Yeah. So yeah. But it had to be said. But Yeah, those, that's on me, that's on me.


That's on me. But those three Coaches you would say, if you're like, Hey, who are the top three coaches in the NFCC? I mean maybe you throw in Kyle Shahan as well. But those are three names that come up and Nick Ani has not lost to any of those guys. He's eight zero and the Eagles, Jalen Hurts gets hurt. I don't know what his status is. Max, can you tell us also shout out Mother Nature because she showed up at the perfect time. We got A great snow game. Yeah. Kurt Warner was sick. I love it. I love it when playoff games are half not in the snow and then the second half in the snow. Yeah. Gruden Kind of was, we were watching the game with Gruden and he kind of had the same take as Kurt Warner. Really? Yeah. Yeah. He's like, Wait, play Kurt Warner's take, 'cause he, he, he still fights this all the time.


This is from our show. And I get it. What everybody says, it's football weather. This is what it is. But here's the problem that I have and it doesn't necessarily apply to these two teams. But being a guy that played in a dome, being a guy that played in Arizona, I have no way to get ready for those conditions. And so you can say all you want about Home Field Advantage and that's why you play. Well no, because the Patriots can come to Arizona and there's no difference other than we have our fans obviously, but they can play in my weather. I can't play in their weather because I can't get used to it. Y you know, there's nothing you can do to get used to cold weather in a situation.


So to me, I'm just like, I want the best. I wanna be able to be my best. I wanna play against their best and I want the best to advance. And so for me last night, I mean, yeah I played in that weather before. I grew up in Iowa so I played in all that stuff. I feel like this, you know, and it's just like bass kicking that ball. I'm sure when he kicked it, he is like more mad. Oh that's money. That's right down the middle is taking sudden more mad. He's just saying it's Not fair Yourself. I think It's a fair a point to say I can't simulate practicing in the snow. Of course. But this is also what makes get home field advantage. This is what yeah. Get number one, win more games. Number two, I don't really give a shit. Right. Because I love watching Snow football on tv. It's one of the weird things like the N NFL's a weird sport.


You have to be able to respond to different things that you don't expect happening and you have to be able to deal with shit. Yeah. And just as a fan watching on tv, do not take away my snow games. Yeah. I love watching Snow football. Because you think back to when you were a kid and you're like, oh, I would be so good on the snow. I was unstoppable in my backyard when snowed outside. I don't give a shit that Kurt Warner thinks it's unfair. I think it's the best thing. And the Snow fucked up the Rams because it was, I mean they fumbled the Eagles didn't fumble. Matt Stafford looked like he didn't want to be out there for the entire third quarter. Yeah, they did. By the way, the Eagles also didn't really love playing on it. Did you see Josh sch sweat's? Yeah. Quote after he said ass playing on the snow today.


That's what he said. Ass. He said I'd rather play on the shitty Brazil field before playing on that again. I ain't gonna lie to you. I like that quote. Yeah. It's ass. I'm, I'm fine with the players thinking that it's ass. Yeah. But this was, this game was very tight at the end. But the Eagles, they did the thing that they are built around their offensive line. Mauled. Saquon Barkley was special and their defense was incredible. Jalen Carter, Jalen Carter was insane. The guy scares me. He was So good. He had five tackles, five pressures, three QBI hits. Two sacks. Two fumbles or 2 2, 1 force fumble and two tackles for a loss.


And he made the biggest play. Like the Vic Fangio is obviously deserves a lot of credit as well because what he was doing in that game when I think it was around the second quarter, they started stunting and you could see Stafford was like, it was fucking Stafford up. 'cause he'd try to step up and there'd be a guy in his face. And then on that, that second, what was it? Third and two. Third and two on the 13 yard line with a minute and change left, they faked a stunt. And that's where Jalen Carter just basically blew right by his guy because he tried to pass him off. And that was the game. Like that sack saved the Eagles season. Because I do think if you even watch that play, Tyler Higby was wide open.


He had beaten his guy. Tyler Higby was gonna catch that ball, maybe even score on that play. And Jalen Carter made the play and saved their season. Yeah. They got dudes up front that will just wreck your shit constantly. Yeah. I they, the defensive line scares me on the Eagles very much. And then when they're not getting cute, when they decide, okay, we're just gonna hand the ball to Saquon because he's the best And we're gonna let our offensive line do what our offensive line does the best, then they're almost impossible to stop. I don't know how you slow 'em down. Yeah. Have you let go of Jalen Carter too? That one's totally different because you can't say the Bears don't address offensive line and be like, we should have taken Jalen Carter. But then we also took Darnell Wright in that position who's a really good offensive lineman and then got Dexter as well in the second round.


Who's a really good, he's not Jalen Carter, but you can't criticize the Bears for not like being like, why didn't you dress as offensive line? Also, why didn't you take Jalen Carter? But there's, he's a really good offensive lineman. You can't have a both ways, but when you're Watching you're not like, fuck I a little bit. Honestly, Dexter's really awesome and I said it at the time, Jalen Carter would've been drafted to a locker room that was in complete flux. And he had some character issues and I don't think it would've worked the same. I also, he went to a locker room with Brandon Graham and a bunch of veterans who probably Fletcher Cox. Fletcher Cox, who probably helped him a lot. You gotta know like, hey, we have a rebuilding team that sucks ass.


If we draft Jalen Carter, it might not work out. You Could probably also make a criticism for every other team that picked that did not take Jalen Carter. Yeah. There's eight picks Before, I mean, CJ Stroud or who, who else got drafted before him? I Don't know. But either way, you, you got darn out right. Who's a really good offensive, he is our best offensive lineman. So you can't, you know what I mean? You can't be like, man, they don't do anything for the offensive line. Oh yeah. You should have taken Jalen Carter. So let's see here. Got the draft order. But yeah, I mean that's also like the Bear's History is like, oh, that, that guy could Have been okay way back. Bryce Young CJ Stroud, will Anderson great players. Anthony Richardson, Debbie Cardinals could have used him. Witherspoon. Yeah. Paris Johnson. Yep. Tyre Tyre Wilson. Yep.


That's probably the one that's really, if you're a Raiders fan, that should have been Jalen Carter. But yeah, I mean Jamir Gibbs went 12th. Yeah. And people shit on that pick. Yeah. By the way, Saquon Barkley is wouldn't be a top 30 paid wide receiver. That's crazy to say. Gabe Davis gets paid more than him. It's also, I think it's fair to say that the better your team is, the more you should spend on running back. Yeah, Of course. As like the final piece to make you like a great team. It's like a tight pair of jeans. Like the it, if you're in really good shape, then yes. Spend a lot of money on tight, fashionable jeans. If you're fat, buy, buy JCOs.


It's why I have some sympathy for Giants fans who have to fight this fight. And yes, you probably should have kept Saquon Barkley probably shouldn't have paid Daniel Jones hindsight 2020. Although a lot of Giants fans said that in the moment. Yeah. But Saquon Barkley on the Giants this year doesn't make the Giants a playoff team. It makes it more fun to watch. Yeah. They probably win a couple more games. 'cause he's their most explosive player. But you're right. Like you, Saquon Barkley works when he, when it's on a great team and then he becomes the complete X factor that can dominate these type of playoff. Like Derrick Henry. Yeah. Right. If the Cowboys had signed Derrick Henry, who gives a shit.


Right. But yeah, on a, on A great team. Yeah. Derrick Henry's on the Panthers, not the Pan Panthers deserve credit. The Derrick Henry's on the Raiders. Yeah. Doesn't change anything. Max, let's hear from you. It was a hard fought game. Snow games are tough. We're kind of built forth. The offensive line was fantastic. Those two long touchdown runs. Yes. Aquan burst through the line and was, you know, once he gets through he is gone. But there, there's huge holes and those huge holes are from the offensive line just dominating the trenches. I'm happy with the win, but we're on to next week. We're, we're, we're.


The goal is to win a Super Bowl, the goal is to win a Super Bowl in Philadelphia. And I'm happy with this, taking this step. That's very good. Can I give you and you get a home game. Yeah. You get a home game And we get a home game. Can I give you two stats, max that might be of use for you in terms of online discourse? Sure. Okay. Here's the first one. The Eagles in the playoffs are four. And oh, when Jake Elliot misses an extra point. That's crazy. That's crazy. Maybe he's missing him on Purpose. I'm so, I'm so nervous about him. He Is, he is nerve wracking. He's So bad right now.


He's nerve wracking so bad. Here's another one. Jalen Hurts didn't really, I mean, the weather was a big factor. Didn't he also was banged up. Jalen hurts in his four playoff wins, 154 yards passing 121 yards, passing 131 yards, passing 128 yards passing. Doesn't matter. Is that that because they're running the football? Yeah. But he also does more. I'm I know I'm saying like, don't, I'm giving you these stats to use. Right. Yeah, yeah. No, I I But he doesn't have to be what? You know, he had the incredible Super Bowl they lost. Yeah, no, I, I I agree. These are good stats. I agree. Maybe Jake Elliot might, that one might be That's a bad stat.


More precarious. That's a stat, but Yeah. Yeah, but it's still 4.0, Right? No, I had the one stat I Jake Elliot A gonna do, I was winner. Jake Elliot's a winner. He Wins games. I wish. Yeah, no, I Shouldn't said, The reason why I said it is because Eagles fans are so pissed off at Nick Sirianni right now. Because for what? For the pass. The pass play on second down when they had the ball that he, where Hertz took the sack. Yeah. But on the sliding scale of things that you should be upset with Nick Sirianni for, I think like Philly fans are gonna be upset about something. Right. Probably That was a bad play call. It was. Yeah. Yeah. It was a bad play call. But ultimately I think Sirianni, he did the right thing today. Oh, Also that's Kellen Moore. No. So that yeah. That I had this whole thing in my head that you were g that that was gonna be a, a topic of conversation and you were gonna blame Sirianni.


I, I I jumped the gun sometimes you jumped the gun In the moment. We said, why are you taking quarterback that can't run right now? Rolling him out to his left and having him try to escape the pocket and then stop throw across his body. And then we said, that's a weird play call that's on Kellen Moore, isn't it? And we were like, yeah, it is. This is the most maxing ever that he had a pre-fight. Yeah, yeah. With us. A hypothetical pre-fight. Wait, You wanna just let's, let's let's run it back and play into his fantasy. Yeah. But he but he had a Thank you. He had a hypothetical pre-fight and, and never in the like wildest imaginations realized that I actually wrote down pro Nick Sirianni stuff instead of negative Nick we're so in his head that he's thinking is the mad men mean?


Like, we're not even thinking about you, Dude. Yeah. No, that's, that's that's mad. We're we're just talking about the Games. I wish I could, I wish I could rewind time and, and not have that fight that I had earlier. Instead of Enjoying the win. You're just paranoid, like at least PTs giving himself a day to like, enjoy the win. This is why you need to give yourself supplemental Day. I gave myself an hour. We've actually caused psychological harm to you. Yes. Like we, we, I I will take, I hand up. Everyone in this room should put their hand up. Memes, put your hand up. Put your hand up. We have battered this. He just said, what did I do? We Have battered this man to the Point, amount, the amount of fucking memes that are about me. He Had a he max face Photoshops that he's stung. We have battered this man somewhere where he is literally fighting his shadow.


Yeah. No, I'm a I'm a broken man. And that's the other thing. Like I, you won, I think Dan Campbell Campbell's a good coach. Do do You talk to yourself in the shower, You're still fighting Yourself. I know. I think Dan Campbell's a good coach. I wish I didn't. I wish I didn't make that fight. It had to be said though. No, I'm actually, I'm so happy you did that because of this moment right here where we just get, we just fully went into Max's mind and Max's mind is just like, it's max larger man with his hair up in a ninja thing. He's got a kimono on and he's got maybe the Donatello stick, what is that called? The kena stick or Yeah, whatever. The Kinia stick. Yeah. And he's just kin just sticking all four of us in his brain constantly.


Where, where he's like, oh, I gotta get them this, this, this. And we're, I didn't even think I was in your brain, but I guess I am. Yeah. I need a graphic of that. You can just sticking like the four of us. I Don't know if it's called Kin Inside of Your Brain. Let's see What it's called. You wanna know know another secret? Yeah. I had another fight planned in my head as well. Oh, Tell us. I was gonna do blind court blind quarterback resumes for the day and then do Josh Allen stats and Jalen hurts his stats Never Was, never. But I had a Positive jail hurts. I know, I know. I mean, his touchdown run was awesome. I know, I know. And he got banged up. Like it was clear that he was, and AJ Brown dropped an easy, easy ball that would've made his stats look a little bit different.


He, he Was a tough dude today. He, I thought he was a tough, he was a tough guy. He made, he made that, that one throw to double coverage. AJ Brown was bad in the end zone. That was a bad throw. That was a bad decision. But otherwise he played, he played winning football like he made the plays that he had to play and he knows that he's got a running back that can do everything. Do you wanna do that fight with him? Well, No thank you. I would prefer for my mentals. My, My next thing was just I thought the Eagles, I thought they executed well today. Siri's play calling at times. Left me with a big question mark. Mark. Yeah. On offense and defense. Offense And defense. Yeah. He pointed in a pre sirianni went in prevent defense way too early. You've Got Saquon Barkley as you're running back, Nick. Yep. And on second down, when you had the opportunity to ice the game burn the clock.


You're having your injured quarterback roll rollout to his left throw across his body. What the fuck are you, what kind of play call was that shit? Oh, let me guess. Nick, did you after Saquon Barkley ran a 74 yard touchdown pass? Did you look into the camera and point at it? I Bet he did. Oh, So sick dude. I bet he did. That was just I, what goes on in this guy's brain sometimes it makes me Question He's got shit for brains. Yeah. He's gonna be there doing dumb ass thoughts. I would like to pass on this discourse. Hank, do you have anything to add? It had to be said. I just had it all. I want you to come and look at my notes after this just so you can see that. I literally had it all written down. Yeah, no, no. That's the Pro, the Jalen hurts.


Like people are gonna shit on Jalen hurts. I don't, he does what he's supposed to do and yeah, there'll be moments where he has to to make some more throws, but he was clearly hampered by both snow and injury. Is he gonna be okay? That's a question mark. His, his answers to that question after the game were not great. Why? What were his answers? They, they asked about him. He said, we'll see how the week, What was the injury Or something like that. He got, He got squished on his knee. I know it Was it like a knee Sprain? It was knee also the hip drop tackle just doesn't exist. Yeah. Like every single week there's a hip drop. It it like, I'm not saying that that that should have been called one because they just haven't been calling it at all.


But why did they implement that rule into the game if they're just never going to call it? Because They wanted to invent something that looked like they were doing something for player safety. Right. So they made the most nebulous tackle of all time a penalty where it's like nobody we're, we're probably not even gonna enforce it during games because it's impossible to tell what is a hip drop tackle. But if there's somebody that gets injured, we can always find that guy a week later. Yeah, it's, I mean it's crazy. Yeah. It's Quinone Mitchell gonna be okay. That seems honestly, which is crazy because Jalen Hurts finished the game. Quin and Mitchell did not. The reports of that is that he will be fine, but Jalen Hurts is still up in the air. Okay. So If I had to guess, I think I'm, I'm, I'm optimistic about Quin and Mitchell.


It seems like that he, it's just a sprain and that they'll, that he will be ready to go almost at, almost at a hundred percent next week. Jalen hurts. If I had to, if I had to make a guess and I'm pretty confident in this guess, I think he will be playing at probably around 60 to 70%. Got it. I just wanna say for the record, I want the Eagles to be healthy. I want all their starters. I don't want injuries. Max and I agreed to turn injuries off this week. I want, I want the Eagles at their best. I also would like to say this, I want the, I want the Commanders at their best at as well. And I take back a lot of the criticism I had towards the Commanders. They are a worthy opponent and I'm looking at looking at them. Wait, I don't wait.


I don't know that you can take that back. No, you can't take that back. Are You, you said a lot of things. You Are you, so you want the Commanders at their best. Will you apologize for the Brock Purdy injury? If I could take back the Brock Purdy injury, I would. Okay. That's a big man of view. If I could, I would. It's So Max, we're getting a lot of questions about if we're gonna do a hair be, Wait, let's say, let's say this for after we talk Bill's Ravens, I want, I wanna preview the like light preview And we can set the stage for you guys because I, I want to, I wanna do that. We should talk real quick. Rams. First of all, Jared verse, I love when people talk shit and then back it up. He backed it up. He had a great game. He said that he hated Philadelphia fans. That was awesome.


I think the arrow's pointing up for the Rams 'cause they did flip this roster very quickly, but Matthew staffer's not getting any younger. Yeah, I would agree with that. They got, they got strong at running back. They've got a great running back now. Yep. And their defense is awesome. I don't like, this is a tough, They great. I mean, Cooper Cup kind of disappeared at the end of the season. He's getting a little older too. He looked okay today. But they, it's, it's more like, this is a weird game. This was a very tough game for the Rams to win in that environment. They, the snow coming down, they almost fucking won. They almost pulled it out at the end. They Were play away. You're Not happy if you're a Rams fan. You're, you're pissed off. But ultimately, I, I think the big question for Rams fans is how much older are we gonna let Matt Stafford get right. Before we do something about it? Right. It's Not like he, it's not like Matt Stafford sucks.


No, he doesn't suck. No, but you have to naturally ask that Question. And they stayed in this game. I mean, it was a nerve wracking game. I mean, even that The sack, should we talk, should we talk about the overalls? What's the plan? So for people who didn't watch the stream, we had a couple things working Mojo wise. I obviously the Rams were my pinky team. I may be done with the Pinky bet because that was, that was the most I've been afraid. And I know people are like, they were two games away from the Super Bowl. The idea of the Rams being able to host an NFC championship game. And then you're like, if they, if a pinky team ever gets a Super Bowl, I'm gonna shit myself. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I I'm gonna be a Wreck.


I think the, the move is, if it's like the Chiefs and the Rams and this year's Super Bowl, then you just bet your dick on the Chiefs. And that way if the Rams win, at least they only cut my finger off. That's True. That's a good point. But I, I might be done with it because it was, you're Actually playing, you're doing the pinky bet in the, in the safest era to do it in because it's just Patrick Mahomes every year. True. But there's just no upside. It was the moment when I had to explained it to Coach Gruden and he's like, what? It really stuck to me like, why, why do you do this? But what? Listen, I need a, I'm not gonna make any rash decisions. Yeah. After successfully keeping all 10 of my fingers for another season, you know, it's an emotional season, a long season like Dan Campbell said.


So I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna do any retirement talk until we maybe get into the off season. You're gonna See how you feel after training camp. That was Insanely stressful. I think Max, you you felt the stress on me. But we had, so we had two things. We had the, the TV broke in the gambling cave for the first qua in the first quarter, and they had to reset it. And I pulled up my phone and as I pulled up my phone, Jalen Hurst ran for a touchdown. And after he ran for a touchdown, the TV came back on and Jake Elliot missed a extra point. So for the rest of the game, I was basically playing a game of should I watch it on my phone, should I not? I went and took a shit and watched it on my phone and the Rams went three and out. And I was like, there's something about this phone. And then we also had Max overalls.


He had a sweatshirt on over his overalls. We flipped a coin to see if he should do overalls or not. Well The, the chat just started spending a shit ton of money. Yeah. Shout out the chat For me to do it. And at that point I felt, I felt bad that fans were spending their harder earned money to see me in the overall. So I thought I would give them at at least a drive. And then obviously It was instant safety max. You think Instant Safety. Instant safety. Do You think they were spending their, their harder money in the chat because they wanted to see you win in overalls or they wanted to see you lose in overalls? Probably wanted to see me lose, but I respect the fans. Max, are you gonna be wearing the overalls for the NFC championship Game? See, that's what I don't know because I, I may just need to wear them underneath a sweatshirt again.


Okay. Because that, but They're called over Was the overalls. Yeah. So I might be wearing under Overalls. You're not overalls. Yeah. You're wearing Unders. I might be wearing Underalls. Okay. Because it's, if it's, it's kind of, if it's not broke, don't fix it. Right. But it's Not even the game went well when I had the o the underalls under my, under my sweatshirt. But you're also wearing underwear. Correct. So you're wearing underalls over your underwear. You're wearing middles unders, somes Middles. I'm wearing the Dan Campbell of alls. No, I'm not Dan, Dan Campbell. Good coach. I wish I never said that. It was, it was pre anger. It was pre anger. Sometimes more potent than just anger. That's Right.


After the game max, he, to his credit, he went right into the weight room, started working out, and by working out, I mean just sitting on the bench press, just refreshing Twitter, trying to see if, if there were any injury news that he could I did end up do. I think I did. I I sat there for about an hour and a half and I think I did fi five sets of bench press. Oh wow. Which still counts. That does count. That still counts. He probably also was just watching our Twitter to see if we tipped our hand on what angle We were gonna use. No, yeah. I was watching so many, I cannot wait. The one thing that I will say about the highlights, I cannot wait for the Baldy breakdown of how good Jalen Carter was in this game. He was Incredible. He's so fucking good. He was Incredible.


And I, I think that's, that scares me because being down our right guard, our best offensive lineman, that is, it's troubling to think about that. Yeah. That dude scares me. Your offensive line scares me too. He was insane. He was insane. But good win. Do you see The graphic that memes posted? He's got a memes graveyard. So these are memes that he can constructs in anticipation of something potentially happening. Okay. And then when it doesn't happen, then he has to just throw 'em by the way aside. So there's a big graveyard of memes out there that never get used. Oh. And the one for the NFC championship game, if it was gonna be Rams verse Commanders was me for the Commanders and then Big Cat holding up a hand with the pinky cutoff. Oh. For the Rams. And he also had Max sad, sad Max with my face over it.


Do you see that one? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I honestly didn't know that that was your face. I thought, I thought he was just posting sad Max. Yeah. Max, do you wanna say anything about the spitting? No, that's, that's passion. I, I'll, I'll ne I'll never apologize for that. Good, Good fact. Okay. We're we're, we are gonna talk about the matchup in, in little like preview of, of what's coming this week. But let's get to the last game before we do that. Bill's 27 Ravens 25. Wow. This was an awesome game. And this is another two things can be true. Lamar had an incredible drive. Is he at the end of the game?


Mark Andrews is having probably the worst night of anyone in America right now because he not only fumbled, but he dropped the two point conversion. Lamar had two turnovers and he hasn't had two turnovers all year. And he now has four games. Four of his eight playoff games has two plus turnovers. I don't want to do the, like, Lamar sucks and Lamar, 'cause he doesn't suck. But it's okay to say that he did not play his best when the Ravens needed him to play his best. Sometimes it's hard to beat good teams on the road. That's a fact. And that's what he ran into. Yeah. And the, the Ravens, to their credit, they, they did keep running the ball. It's, this is not on Harbaugh.


Like we could say it was last year. This game. I would say it's on two guys. It's probably on Mark Andrews and Lamar. Yeah. And the fumble that he had was, it was a weird fumble. I don't know how he dropped that ball. It was, was he was getting tackled around his legs. Yeah. And then he just kind of dropped it. But I, he didn't Get hit out. I There will be, this will obviously be the narrative coming outta this game is playoff. Lamar can't get it done. And while it's very reductive to say that, because I still think he's one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL. You, you can't, he didn't play his best. He had his, he actually had his worst game probably of the year because he had two turnovers. And you need your best player to play his best in these games. I like that. We've got a nice clean hierarchy for now though of a FC west quarterbacks.


Right. Af a FC or a FC quarterbacks. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Goes Patrick Mahomes, Josh Allen, Lamar Jackson, and then Joe Burrow. If he was in the playoffs, he'd just probably be beating everybody. Yeah. But it's, it, it, it sucks for Lamar because obviously you have all this season where you were incredible. I mean he had four turnover, four interceptions all year. And then he threw one. And I, I know that was probably miscommunication with Bateman, but the, the fumble led to points and that was, and they were playing from behind the whole game. Like that was, he put 'em in a spot where it was not great for the Ravens and especially a team that likes to play from a head and run the ball. I also do think that that that two point conversion, the first one, that one kind of didn't make any sense 'cause they ran right down the field and then they passed in the two point conversion.


It's not just that they passed, they also moved Derrick Henry out to the side where he wasn't even a threat of running the ball. Yeah. They just got him outta the play entirely. The thing I'll say about the bills here, so the reason why I like the bills in this game, bet on the bills. This game we talked about on Friday. If you thought the Bills Ravens first game was gonna be a, just a replay for today, you just weren't paying attention to who the bills had back on defense. And the two of the biggest plays in the game came from two of those guys. Matt Milano tipped the pass on the first two point conversion to keep it a two point game. And then Bernard, who didn't play in the first game, had the game changing fumble on Mark Andrews. That was really like, that was, that did change the entire course of the game because, because I don't know what the bill's plan was.


Obviously you win and you just survive in advance. They had a very weird offensive game plan where they were just very conservative and they didn't let Josh Allen just be Josh Allen. Like it was a lot of dump offs running the ball a lot. Maybe they saw something, they were like, we can control the game this way. But I thought the second half of the bills, they were just trying to hold on instead of just taking it to the Ravens and finishing that game earlier. I think there were multiple times where each team was just trying to kill as much of the clock as possible. Right. So scared of the other guy That was the game plan is like just end with the ball and I mean, who knows what would've happened if Mark Andrews catches that two point conversion. He should have caught it. It was a very easy catch for him. But I mean, there's still a lot of time left in that game.


Yep. This is growth though. You wanna talk about growth with Josh Allen? There was the run that he had, there was four minutes, 15 seconds left in the game. Third and goal from the two yard line. Josh keeps it runs up the middle. Yep. And he thinks he stops himself like mid action. He thinks about trying to pitch the ball out of a group of like four Ravens defenders back to James Cook, who's standing like 12 yards away as Josh's arms are tied up. He, he wanted to do it. And in that moment Josh was like, you know all the people that think maybe you shouldn't be so reckless with the ball all the time, they're right in the circumstance. And he pulled it in and got tackled.


Yeah. Like A normal guy that was third down or second down. That was third down. Third and goal. Yeah, you're right. You're absolutely right. That Was, that's that's personal growth. Yeah. He was definitely looking to pitch it And it probably would've ended up costing them dearly. I that would've been a tough play to make. So credit to Josh Allen for not being a, for not matching all the buttons. Yeah. He hit What he held onto it. Yeah. What's the just go down button? Why? Yeah. He hit y He he made the right choice. Yeah. Also Josh Allen, like, so he, statistically he didn't, it wasn't like he lit the world on fire. No. I they, they didn't, they really didn't try to go deep often. But he's such a weapon when you get into goal line where he had those two touchdown runs where it's like you get within 10 yards and Josh Allen is going to just bull you over a couple times.


And I do think he's gonna have to, they're gonna have to let him be himself more against the Chiefs because you can't, you just can't expect to beat Patrick Mahomes in his house unless Josh plays out of his mind. And I think he has that in him. But it was the bills, they, their defense stood up. Like besides that really long Ravens drive they did, they had a really good plan for, for Derrick Henry. And they weren't gonna let him, they weren't gonna let the Ravens run it down their throat. That you could see that, that from the very jump, that was their plan. They're like, we're gonna have to let Lamar beat us with his arm. Which he did a couple times. But for the most part, the plan worked and they made the big plays when you had to make the big plays, they got three turnovers that changed the game. They had enough plays where they stopped Derrick Henry for one or two yards and just hit the fuck out of him.


Up the middle. Yeah. That it, it set a tone for their defense. And Derrick was never ever, like, he had a couple nice runs in the open field that they kind of shoestring tackled him on. But if you can, if you can prevent him from doing the home run once where he goes 70 yards, scores a touchdown. Good job To the Bills defense. Yeah. Your linebackers and, and Ed Oliver was, was hitting people too. Great game from Ed. Yeah. They, the, the Bills defense stood up when they needed to stand up and the bills keep going. I, by the way, we should mention also the DPI call at the end of the first half was bullshit. Yeah. Evans fans similar Texas fans. You have a right to be upset about that also. But if we're doing fairness, the Dion Dawkins hold call was bullshit.


And that was when the bills were driving and they immediately had to punt after that. The only person who thought the DPI call wasn't a good call or was, was a good call was Tony Romo. Tony Romo Let James Cook. You ever heard of that one? Let James Cook. They're trying to, they're trying to impose their will. Impose their will. They're Imposing their will. Yep. Over and over. Yeah. Tony blew that one. Posing Their will also shout out Josh Allen. He did the Aaron Rogers where he just developed a spontaneous southern accent in the post game interview. Yeah. Was that the Perk Rogers game? I Think so. I think that was a perk Rogers. Yeah. I mean we got per perk Allen today. But yeah, the bills are a tough team. I I, I don't know The chief's fucking gonna win.


We need the bills. We need the bills. I they can't play conservative like they did. It did feel in the second half. 'cause they had the perfect first half. They go up 2110 before halftime. They get the ball and it just felt like they're like, Hey, we're just gonna hold on here. I will say Sean McDermott, I did like, I know we've, we've had a lot of discourse about being aggressive trying to win the game. I thought that was the right call to kick that field goal with four minutes left because it was a long two. Well if it was one, maybe you do the, the the push but with two and to be able to go up eight and exactly what ha Yeah. The Ravens have to go down the field score and then get a two point conversion. At the moment I was like, I think you gotta kick the field goal here.


Weird Stuff happens. And on that two point conversion, yeah, it should have been a catch should have been two points. But because you played it smart, kicked the field goal, put 'em in a position where weird shit benefits you. Yeah. You it you put 'em in a position where they have to execute an extra play. Yeah. And it's like you have another chance to have them not be able to execute this Play. Max, I'm curious to hear your take on this. There was a Baltimore radio host that called Buffalo, a city of losers today. Would you concur with that guy? They lose a lot in the playoffs. Would you concur that there They've lost a lot in playoffs. A city of losers because then Sean McDermott said in his postgame speech, this is a city of winners. The people of the city deserve more than whoever said that about, about them.


The pe Do you agree with Sean McDermott or the radio hosts that called them City of Losers? I would say they're probably in between, not necessarily losers nor winners. I'm sure the, the citizens of Baltimore Buffalo, they Oh wait, Buffalo's winners or Baltimore's The, the Baltimore radio host called Buffalo is City of Losers. Oh, Buffalo. Yeah. No, Buffalo is a city of winners. They've never won a Super Bowl. No. The people are are winners though. But the Yeah, no, the team, the team is not one of Super Bowl. So Yes. He's kind of backtracking on the whole winner loser thing. Sounds Like you're confused. Yeah, he Is. Yeah. No, I am. That's fine. I'm not, I I've I'm not calling anyone a loser.


I'm saying that there's winners and then there's everyone else. Patriots winners, Chiefs winners. I would, I would love Buffalo to get to the Super Bowl. I would love it. It would be so fucking Awesome. Root for the bills and Bills fans. What's that? What's that face? Hank, are you okay? What Is that face? Oh, Big Cat took a piss. I had to piss. Oh, I could hear it. We pre-taped the ads. I had to piss. We gonna take a break? What you gonna do? He's not using the sink. What do you want me to do? I had to piss. Oh yeah. It just gross was gross me out. The sound. Why is gross? The sound? The sound. Just I Need the sound number one sports podcast. Do you more when you need the sound.


I was still talking during that. I was following along. I had to piss. So what's your take on it? Buffalo is trying to be a city of winners. They're trying Their best, they're trying their best to be a city of winners. There's A better way than I put it. Yeah. But I, I concur. They're on their path to trying to be winners. This is their Year. This is their fucking year. Fuck the Chiefs. Oh man. We need, they're gonna win Sunday. I want Josh. They're gonna New Orleans Super Bowls. Buffalo. Like Buffalo. I don't know. Is that, what's the thing where they have like sister schools or sister cities like Buffalo and New Orleans that is the same city and it doesn't make sense, but it does. Like Buffalo is gonna win a Super Bowl. It shouldn't be in New Orleans.


Yeah, it would be, it would be awesome. I mean, partying with, with Bills fans all week would be awesome. Yeah. I want to, I want Hank to get That made No sense. Well, No, I get it. They're they're both drunk. Yeah, that's what he was going for. They're just Okay. Oh, okay. Yeah, they're drunk. I feel like they're very different cities. No, It's called Buffalo Orleans. New Orleans. Orleans is a huge Orleans Sea level Tourist trap of a city Sister. Cities sister. Cities Sister Cities Sister, sister cities. They don't always look alike. Max. That's fair. That's Fair. But they can still be sisters. Yeah. One has like huge tits that they show every couple, you know, a couple times a year. The other likes and a weird other likes beef on W and Wings.


They're sisters though. Yeah. Buffalo's got a great personality. Right? I love Buffalo. We've been to Buffalo. The city, the people of Buffalo are great. The city of Buffalo is great. Have you guys thought about that possibility? Because obviously if you go, if either of you goes against the Chiefs, America's gonna be on your side. I'm taking it one game at a time. We'll be on your side too. I've Thought about it. If you guys go against the bills, I will be rooting for my friend Josh Allen. Yeah. I I expect that Buffalo would probably be the, the darling of America if they got I'm not worried about that. I'm worried about I'd for You. I root for the Commanders. I dunno if I'd root for Max. I would never root For the Eagles. You can control what you can control. That's not true Hank. No, it's true. I've thought about it. Trust me.


I've done the calculations. No, no, no. I'm saying if the bills though. Oh yeah, I would for the Commanders against the bills. I would not root for the Eagles against, against the bills. I, yes. No, I thought you were saying I would never root for the Eagles At any No, no, no. If it was Bill's Eagles, I'd root for Josh full false rotted. If it was Bill's false rotted. Yeah, I said it. I mean listen, we get accused of it, so why not just come out and say we do it. If it was Bill's Commanders, I think I would just take a step back and be like, well, there's a positive one way or the other That's not, you would root for the bills. I don't know. You Said like two weeks ago that you hope that I would Lose the Super Bowl. I know, but then I, I like I let go said that. Well, no, I said I hope you don't get to the Super Bowl. I, I said it was be bullshit if you got to the Super Bowl.


I hadn't really think about what would happen if you got to the Super Bowl because then it's like one of the closest people of my life to have a ton of happiness. I think I'd have to be like, yeah, I want Josh Hallen to win. I I am rooting, I'm rooting for the, the Commanders and I'm rooting for the bills. No, I think, I think if you went to the Super Bowl PDI would, I would be rooting for you because I mean, it would be, it'd be fucking awesome for you. I'd be, I'd be, I'd get back to probably being bitter about Jaden Daniels, but I'd be happy for you. Why wouldn't it be ha why wouldn't it be awesome for me? Nah, We all know what we want. I mean, Max, you Want the sad match. You had your shot and you got to the Super Bowl and you would never see somebody rooting harder for you in that Super Bowl than Big Cat was.


That's true. 'cause he had 20 thou $200,000 on the line. Yeah, no, maybe that, maybe that's the recipe then that I don't need. Yeah. I'm, I'm rooting for the Eagles. I don't care who we play on the other side. I'm rooting for the Eagles. Alright, Let's, let's wrap up this game. Really? Yes. I don't know about that. Why? Let's wrap up this game. Ravens, what do they do? I don't know that you'd change anything. It's gotta be, I mean they're starting to get to that point of like what's happening. I Don't, I don't know that you make any drastic changes. I don't know that you can look at this game and say like, the guys that made mistakes, Mark Andrews still a good player.


Yeah. Lamar Jackson. You guys see the tweet from the Ravens great player? No. They tweeted a pre-game clip of Mark Andrews warming up and was like, Mark Andrews not affected by the snow. Oh Shit. So maybe you do cut 'em. Yeah, I, I just, I Yeah, you still have to keep going because you have Lamar Jackson and your window's open as long as you have Lamar Jackson. But this is now how many years of Lamar Jackson being one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL. And they have not, I mean they had a, I wonder last year probably hurt more. Yeah. Because they were favorites at home against the Chiefs and they, and they lost A little snow. Doesn't bother Mark Andrews was the Wording Of it. Maybe cut to social media person.


Mm. I think what happens is Ravens fans just go into next season with an impending sin of d sense of doom. Whereas this season it was like, okay, full. This is the year we believe they still were very optimistic. Lamar playing as good as he has in his entire career And they were the hottest Team. But, but next year you go into the season being like a little bit jaded. I don't know that we can do anything until I see it. Yeah, Because they were playing, I mean, you know, they beat the Steelers, they kicked the shit out of the Texans down the stretch and they were, they were, it felt like everything was clicking at the right time for them. And Yeah, they go back to the, well they go back to the Well that's a tough one.


That's really, we're gonna try to get sta on so maybe he can answer that for us. I feel bad, but I'm gonna have to ask him. I'm not gonna, I didn't ask him today. I'm gonna wait till tomorrow. It Kinda sucks. Whoever lost this game was gonna have to deal with a significant narrative. Right, Right. And as members of the media, it's our responsibility to uphold those narratives. Right. And they would've and they would've, both quarterbacks had stat like Lamar with the turnovers and Josh, they didn't really stretch the field and they didn't let him be himself. Yeah. So they both, whoever lost was gonna have to answer to it. It was gonna be execution by the internet. Yeah. Okay. Let's take another break And we come back, let's talk national championship and also a little tiny first Thoughts about the championship Sunday coming up.


Alright, We'll get to college football in a second. The games are brought to you by Doritos, with Patrick Mahomes help Doritos is just revealing now the top three ads that are still in the running to win the Doritos crash, the Super Bowl contest. Now it's up to you guys to vote, which creator is gonna win a million bucks and have their submission run as Doritos 25th Superb Bowl ad voting for their favorite Fanmate ad@doritoscrash.com. That's a lot of responsibility. Vote for the best one. There are three great ads out there and you get to choose who's winning the million dollars now until January 28th. Fans can vote@doritoscrash.com. Cast your ballot for who you think is winning the ad. We'll be abduction, barbershop, or charades. If eight days left to vote, vote for the next Super Bowl ad@doritoscrash.com. That's doritos crash.com. They've got a brand new, the sriracha chip. Delicious. Tried that for the first time last week. Awesome Chip, cool ranch. Best chip in the game. And then you have your classic Doritos. Check it out. Doritos crash.com. Vote for your favorite ad.


The college games are also gonna be brought to you by Redwood Outdoors. If you're like me, you've given a lot of thought on how to improve your health and wellness routine this year to help elevate your wellness routine. Meet our new sponsor, Redwood Outdoors and experience the transformative benefits of contrast therapy with sauna and cold plunge. It's cleaner, healthier, it's a routine through a backyard sauna and cold plunge. It's an investment in longevity and vitality and it can help you share moments of peace and connect with loved ones. Not to mention the power of deeper detox, reduced in inflammation and glowing skin. A redwood outdoors backyard sauna. Seats two to eight and provides the ultimate in deep relaxation. Reduce muscle muscle tension, improve circulation, improve sleep, and so much more. Enhance your physical and mental wellness routines with Redwood Outdoors. Take advantage of special savings today. Visit redwood outdoors.com. Use code take to save $175. That's redwood outdoors.com promo code. Take save 175 bucks on your order. I want to get a cold plunge. I think that's the next investment. I wanna be a cold plunge guy. Check 'em out. Redwood outdoors.com. I'm gonna go there right now. Use promo code. Take and you can save $175.


Okay,


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code. Take


boys. PFT max. What's this week gonna be like for the awls for us in the room? How, how are we feeling? Speaking for myself, I I'm going to be on edge a week. Yeah. I mean I, to be fair, I'm playing with house money. Yeah. Max has a lot more to lose than I do right now. If, if the Commanders, I like this. If the Commanders lose the NFC championship, this, this is the start, like the window's open. Our window is just, I'm, I'm lifting up the window right now. It's, it's cracked and I'm getting that nice, that nice gust of cool air in on a hot summer day. So this is the start of something for Max. This is like maybe middle end, middle to end of something.


The pressure. So I feel like I'm playing with House money, but I'm still gonna be very nervous this week because it's the biggest game that I've seen since 1992. I don't disagree, I don't disagree with anything he just said. Yeah, I think that's, that's why there's a difference in to meter. You, you are watching the highlights. You're celebrating the win. It's been over 24 hours now. Yourself, you're back to work. I watched 14 hours worth of highlights. My phone died. The battery on my phone died twice since the game ended last night because I was watching too many highlights. Yeah. No, I I don't, I'm on, I'm onto next week. You, you, you're, I don't care about, I don't care that I just beat the ra that I just, that I don't, I don't care about being in the conference championship.


It's, that means so little to me. It it's Monday right now. I've moved on just turned 1201 back to work. Okay. If the Eagles, if the Eagles lose on Sunday, this season is a complete failure. What about if the Commanders lose, which is a terrifying place to be in. Yeah. What about for this podcast will be the lowest point? Will be the lowest point. No, I think it'll be a, a Really downloaded episode. Will it be the lowest point Max? Yeah. And I have not had been, I don't have a good track record in this, But that's actually way worse that you've had only low points and this will be the lowest point.


I mean the Super Bowl max. But I think this might like the Super Bowl. No, this is worse. The Super Bowl was, was the opening of a window and you lose to Mahomes and as much as it sucks it's Patrick Mahomes, he would have to look at you every single day pretty much for the rest of his life. 'cause he said he is only gonna live to 45 and that will be in his head every single day. And You know, PFT would buy every single piece of NFC champion gear. Oh my God. And that would basically be his wardrobe for you Buy the shit years no one will buy. I Would make my own the Plaid. Have you ever seen a plaid NFC championship shirt? You're about to, I I have one.


Losing to Hank is worse than losing to PFT. I will say Have you lost A PFT? No. Well, yes I have lost they they Regular season. Correct. But you're so much more of an asshole and the look on your face when you went and when you went like there's a part of PFT will be will, you know, he will, he will have his moment and it'll suck to see him. But I won't hate him the way that I hate Hank. However, I do care way more about the Eagles than I do the Sixers and the Sixers. That was such a long shot for them to, like the Eagles have a real chance of winning.


Winning. They were three, two. No, but the Sixers are the Sixers like the chances of them, like they weren't in like a, like a, like the six, the Eagles are favored to win the Super Bowl right now. The Sixers were never favored to win the NBA finals. They're favored to win the Super Bowl, but they're probably gonna be underdogs to whoever they play from the A FC. Correct. But as of as of right now, the Eagles are favored to win the Super Bowl. They are in a win. Like this is a time that you have to win. Right. Especially, I said, I mentioned it earlier, Jaden Daniels is terrifying. That game against the Lions was incredible. He looked like a guy that I am very scared of for a very long time.


And you gotta beat him now. Yeah. You gotta beat him now. Yeah. I think if any, if any rookie quarterback is capable of doing what seems to be impossible and winning a Super Bowl in their first year, what I've seen from Jayden, he seems to be the kind of guy that could do that, That that threat of Dami Brown was so fucking good. Yeah. And I'm not saying that I, I'm not confident that the Commanders are gonna win the Super Bowl, but I think that they could, which is crazy, the growth that we've seen outta this guy this year. There's Two games away. You Absolutely could. Yeah, we absolutely could. And I'm, I'm entitled to think soupy now because I'm by thinking soupy. That just means I'm thinking about this game this weekend. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. I, I agree with Listen Max, we said it before we started taping.


Like things are, things are gonna get contentious by the end of the week. I'm, I think we're both trying to start this week out, not firing the other guy up too much, not talking as much shit because that's naturally gonna occur as we get closer to the NFC championship. But shout out to the NFC East, we are who the N CCBs people thought the NFC North was For PMTV. We should try to, we should do like some kind of competition where Hank and I versus Max PFT let him get, get maybe closer as friends. Get him, get him on the same team. I think I'm gonna just scout Max this week. I'm gonna watch a lot of max film. I'd like To scout. I'm gonna put out a Lot of bad tape. I'll tell you that much.


What I think should tapes is That threat? I don't know. Everything I do is bad Tape. Oh, he's talking about himself. Oh, himself, okay. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Who Sleep on it obviously. And I think we can, we can reconvene Tuesday, but people have been saying it a lot and And you guys do both have long hair. We do. I was thinking maybe a mullet bet. Oh, I would do buy pe buy Mullett, buy Super Bowl tickets. Bet. I think that's Not fair. I know it's not unfair. Fair Unfair. I also wanna say for the record that if the Eagles, we Are great friends at Gametime Are lucky enough to make it to the Super Bowl, I think Max should attend that game in person. Yeah. So wait, I was gonna ask this memes Hank, who are you guys rooting for?


So I am in an interesting spot because Why are you asking Hank? It's such great, Is such a Obviously He has an answer. Yeah, no shit. I have an answer for everything everyone does. I went on a heater a couple weeks ago. I was up, I went up like 15 grand on one Sunday and I was like, I'm gonna put a future. I put it on the Eagles $5,800. Biggest future I've ever put on plus four 50 right now. I could cash out for 10 grand so I could cash out and make money. But I don't think I should. No, probably not. So I think I'm gonna, I I will make a decision by the end of the week.


I will also be sleeping on it. And I thought initially going into this game, I was like, if the Eagles win, I'm cashing out, rooting for the Commanders. Once that happened and I was looking at it, I have thought about it more and the Eagles I feel like are the better team. They got more guys, better defense Commanders are playing with house money. If they lose, they're not gonna be that upset about it. I, my gut, my Sunday gut is telling me to stick with the Eagles and ride with Max. But I, I just, I think the Commanders, the team is going to be upset. They lose very upset. Well, obviously, but, but That's what you just said. I honestly think that's a better scenario for you. Like, I think that that is a reason To not Well Hank's been betting against us all season long.


So why mess up a good thing and people are Gonna bring up the Commanders too. I have $100 on the Commanders to win like a thousand dollars. I have 5,800 on the Eagles to win the Super Bowl at to win 38 grand. And the other thing that I'm thinking about, 'cause I'm, you know, next level thinker, the Eagles have a much better chance to beat the Chiefs. That's True. And so I don't, I don't, I don't wanna roof with the Commanders, have them win and then just get smoked by the Chiefs and then Threepeat. So, So I'm, I'm, I'm I'm leaning heavily Eagles Memes, No offense beef me wants. That's understandable. That's not, that wasn't, that's not a personal thing because counter's Counterpoint, everyone thought that the Lions were gonna smoke the Commanders.


The Lions don't have Devil magic. That's true. They have actually like the, they have just the devil on like against 'em. Yeah. Me memes. I woke up, I I was gonna root for PFT to win the Super Bowl. And then he tweeted a picture of Amy Schumer interviewing for the Jets head coaching job. And I, and then breaking News. Amy Schumer is just completed her interview. I like that Memes. They're Talking everybody. That's all, that's all the judge. Both was. We get to stay in New Orleans Till Monday. Well, no. So memes that, yeah, that's, I I we talk, we were talking about it before. And if the Eagles go to the Super Bowl, I think you will be able to regardless memes.


Yeah. You might be able to regardless. Nah, I gotta do the podcast. If the Eagles go to the Super Bowl, max is gonna go to the Super Bowl. Max Y Yes. I would love to go to the Super Bowl so Max can go to the Super Bowl, but we will not stay in New Orleans. 'cause we can easily have Max Zoom in after the game if the Commanders go PF t's gonna go to the Super Bowl And we can't do a Super Bowl show with PFT and I both on Zoom. So I'd have to stay three extra days in New Orleans. And I don't wanna kill myself just thinking about that. Why wouldn't you? No, no offense to New Orleans, but I also like, I'd like to see my kids. Why wouldn't You just fly back and then fly back? That sounds even worse.


That sounds way worse. So it sounds like p ft got a stacked A stacked. I actually was thinking about A deck stacked against That's Fine. I I it Is shocking. Anybody, anytime, Anywhere. No, I, well I, I was wanted to root for the Commanders and then I, 'cause I wanted to see Max sad, but then when we mapped out the plans, I was like, wait what we'd have to do through Monday and then I'm going on vacation on Wednesday. So I basically just wouldn't see my kids for two weeks. And that would suck a lot. I wanna be perfect. Perfectly clear. I do not give a shit because who you guys root for. I know. I just wanted to throw it out there for the listeners because the listeners might want to know who the three I'm on your side. Thanks. Memes. Oh, you're back. No, no.


'cause we're staying till Monday if, Oh, me And memes all the way. Always been best friends. I I that's huge For me. That felt like a, Oh, the graphic before. That felt like a graphic. All right. I'm back on Max. I also might switch. I might switch too. I might try to figure out how to just not go to New Orleans until the Super Bowl. Skip Super Bowl week. I wish the, if the bills, I wish the Bills Chiefs game was first. Yeah, yeah. Because if The bills win, I'm cashing out and rooting for the bills. I wi Yeah. It was really nice being able to watch the games today, knowing that I was already in the NFC championship game next week. It's gonna suck because I'm either gonna, well if I lose, I'm gonna be so upset during the a FC championship game that I'm not gonna be able to properly enjoy it.


Man, this is gonna be fun. This is house money. This is gonna be fun. This is gonna be fun. Yeah. I wish, I Wish I had house money in A vacuum. Take take your headphones off PT Okay. In a, in a vacuum Big Cat. Yeah. What do you, who do you think like, I, I think the exact same thing I thought before the Lions Commanders game and I ended up betting the Commanders. No, I didn't bet a money line, but I bet a eight and a half the Eagles are a better team. Jaden Daniels is special. Like I don't if they play this game 10 times, I think it's five five because I think Jaden Daniels just does something like if you give him the ball late, he's gonna do something special and he's going to beat them. So Yeah, on paper Eagles are way better, most talented roster in the NFL.


They don't have Jayden Daniels. That's just, it just keeps sticking in my head. It's just like they Barely beat him with with can he Pick it? But it, but it doesn't matter. There's something going on that you just can't, like the Eagles dropped a pick at the end of that game to, to, didn't they, didn't they drop a No. Devonte Smith dropped a dropped the first out that of that would've ended the game. Right. Like that shit is happening where it's, it doesn't matter. We should also say though that Jayden did throw two receptions that game. Wait, you Weren't Supposed to be listening to that. Yeah, no, I'm just saying I wanted to make sure to point that out because Max Oh good. Was gonna say We have to talk About that. No, no. I, I told you no notes. Jane Daniels. I I I have given Jayden Daniels the utmost respect in this, in this episode.


Yeah. So Max and I are both being very careful with our words right now. Yeah, it's early. Early. It's early. It's early in the week. We're going to ease our way into, we're gonna work up a lather by Friday here. I agree with everything. That big catch just said. By the way, the Eagles are for sure are, I think you agree with that. The Eagles are are the better team. But we don't have Ja, Jayden Daniels is a scary player. I I would cut Yeah. On paper the roster you guys No, they are you guys, they just, the the team is better. But j but Jaden Daniels and the team of Destiny, vibes of the Commanders is a thing. But you also have to look at The Lions. Were better. You guys still won that game. But the Lions Were playing scrubs. But the thing is, the lion were not better. We were the better team.


It's not like, like our guys were better than their guys on Saturday That Yeah. That day because All their guys Were hurt. Yeah, no, I mean obviously Yeah, yeah. But but in the grand scheme of things, if you were like, the Lions are, were the better football team all year than the Commanders. But on that yes. Obviously on that day the Commanders were better. But overall you wouldn't say that if if you look at this whole team Yeah, Yeah. If we're doing a guy off. Yeah, yeah, I would agree with that. Yeah. Yeah. I What's the most important position Quarterback And that's, that's what Yeah, I am, I am, I'm agreeing with you. Yeah. I I think I've also realized that I'm, for logistics standpoint, I think I want the Eagles to win the NFC championship.


If the Commanders win the NFC championship, I think I am gonna be rooting for the Commanders in the Super Bowl because I'm gonna have to stay an extra three days and I want it to be Worth it. Yeah. Not against the bills though. You're, you're gonna root for the bills. I don't know, dude, again, it comes down to like, you actually like that you're there and it's like your ultimate happiness. I I would, I'd be, I'd be bitter about Jane Daniels. We'd be happy for you and I'd also be like, at least we stayed for you to win. Yeah. 'cause if you lost, I'd be like, fuck. Why'd we stay On the numbers side of it? Misery always does better than being happy. Right? Well, we're getting That no matter what. That's the beauty. That's the beauty. That's the beauty of This. That is the beauty of this If And we a chance, right? And we get a chance for double misery can't gets the Chiefs.


Hank is Rudy for double Misery. Basically What I'm telling you, pt, I've voted for double misery bills. If You get to, I, I'm, I'm not with you next Sunday, but if you get to the thing, win the whole fucking Thing. But no, actually That's what I'm, that's where I'm at. If you get to the Super Bowl, you fucking win that whole thing. I I kind of agree. Actually. Double misery bills. I would rather have, I do not agree Max misery, PFT win the Super Bowl. But also I have this fucking stupid leadership. Like The worst case scenario here is you, is is the Chiefs just win. I I would also say, yeah. And that's what's gonna happen. And it's like we go And we go to the Super Bowl And we then we're all Miserable And we then, then that's, that's, that's pod misery. Yeah. So that's why I'm like, I will be rooting for you. I I, I'll also say that if we get to the Super Bowl, if we're lucky enough to win the Super Bowl that night is statistically my most probable night of dying that I think I've ever had in my life.


New Orleans Super Bowl victory. I'm 40. You're a man. That's like, if you look at a pie chart of different days and how likely I was to die on each day in my entire life, that would be like 12% of the entire pie that one day. Just Promise me, if if I have to stay three extra days in New Orleans, you win the whole Thing. Okay. That's all I ask the guy if the, then it's worth it for me. But listen, I'm, I'm focused on this week. Yeah, I understand. But could you promise me? Yeah, I promise. Okay. Thank you. If the Commanders go to the Super Bowl, I'm gonna get more drunk that that weekend than I did last year than I did the last time. Because I will be so miserable that I am like, I'll be so miserable that I there That I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna probably, I'm probably gonna game the year at the Commander's money line to try to make that extra three days in New Orleans worth it.


I don't hate it. Yeah. I, I might have to do that because I might just be like, fuck it, I'm going all in with you. Like, if you're gonna be miserable, I'll just join you. Memes also has something to say. I know misery sells, but has anything positive happened to you guys that like we know the outcome of that? Like Numbers wise, number Wise, like no Double Donk was the most listed to Podcast. No misery, dude. Misery. It's misery. But has anything Positive happen? No Misery. When, when Hank was in the victory parade, That was huge. Yeah. But That's, it's misery Parting with the Patriots after they won two Super Bowls. It's Misery is big times would, would happen. Okay. I I think it would actually be, I think people would listen at a super high clip if it was Commanders Chiefs in the Super Bowl and the Commanders beat Mahomes and the Chiefs.


Yeah. I think that would do some numbers, But it still would be misery. Yeah. Misery is always number one. Sickos imp perverts. Love it. But we don't know. No, I I think we know it's, yeah, we, it's how the internet works. Memes, you, you, you are a student of the internet. You live on the internet. I think that, yeah, I think that NFC championship game will be bigger. That'll be a bigger episode regardless of what happens in the Super Bowl. What Clips get washed more when it, like, when fans freak out and lose or when fans get happy, the Hank celebrating the Boston Celtics went viral, but freak outs and losses are Max's Super Bowl loss wasn't bigger. Hank, what you just said was insane though.


You think that the episode after the NFC championship game is gonna be bigger than the episode su after Super Bowl? Potentially. If it's A close, if it's a, if it's a, if it's a exciting Game. Yeah. I don't know about that. Either way, we're in a good spot. God's in a WL Just not the Chief. Good work Boys. Who do you guys like tonight? Ohio State. Ohio State. Yeah, But I think Lou Holtz is gonna be in the building. Mm. What are you shaking your head about? Max? I Forgot that there was a college game. This is why they, There's been no, there's been zero buzz about this game. Becausecause. They did it in the division round. Negative, negative buzz about this game. This is why the season lasts too long. I've been locked in on NFL.


I haven't had time. This game feels Like an exhibition. I do think Not a national championship. I Mean, Ohio State's the better team. I feel like it's one of those things where like Notre Dame two outta 10 times maybe could win this game. They gotta get Will Howard to turn the ball over. They gotta be able to like, I mean, Notre Dame's defense is very good. I Do love Notre Dame's rushing attack too. Yeah. And Ry Leonard's gonna have to play perfect, but it there, it could be there. Get him into a tight game. Let Marcus Freeman out. Coach Ryan Day. I just, I'm worried about Notre Dame's Rush defense and I, I, yeah, Yeah.


If you get, if Ryan Day is sweating in the second half, he's gonna drop the ball. And The problem with the problem with Ohio State, like obviously everyone knows Jeremiah Smith and they got dudes everywhere, but like their defense, their defensive line is so nasty and they'll just be able to get pressure with four and be able to play coverage. And I, Notre Dame doesn't exactly have, like, they don't have a JE Jeremiah Smith. That's really what it comes out. They don't have a difference maker on the outside. Although Fi Fon, Yeah, he's quick. He could do something. It's probably Ohio State, but yeah, the, the, the college football season goes on too long. Also, we talked about it with booger, so if you want a full Well, like, I'm, I'm okay with the season going on this long 'cause it's more football.


No, we have, we have a meaningful football game tomorrow night. But also I was not thinking at all about college football this week. I'm not saying take, I'm not saying do less football just do it earlier. Yeah, like there's a, there's spots in the schedule where they could just be like, Hey, we're gonna play a game instead. And now the the college football national championship should be like January 10th at the latest. Yeah, that's, that's what it Feels like. Make week zero, week one Or just get rid of the conference championships and start the playoffs set. Yeah. That's Really what it Is. Just, just give the conference championship to whoever the home, like whoever would've won the home team seating for the conference championship game. Also, there's an entire week between conference championship week and the, or two weeks between conference championship week and the playoffs.


Move 'em up. Yeah. But also keep Arm Army-Navy as a standalone. You might have to play it on a different day. I don't like that. I like that as standalone. Yeah. I just, I It's too late. It's too late for it. Okay, let's finish up.


Okay. Before we get to who's back of the week, we are brought to you by Dove's Men. As you prepare to host game day celebrations, what are some possible whole body odor related issues you may encounter that make you less confident in your hosting duties? Are you afraid to take off your shoes when you enter your friend's house getting nervous? Your team is down. At halftime we'll tackle whole body odor with Dove men Plus Care Whole body do this whole body do defends against all your odor zones, from pits privates to feet. And it's a long lasting with 72 hour odor protection, this is the stuff you need, especially this time of year. You got people coming over to your house, you're watching football. You need the whole body D and you need it from Dove's men. So find dove men whole body do at Walmart today and you'll smell great with Dove men. Whole body deal. Go find it at Walmart today.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Uber Eats, who's Back of the week is brought to you by Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See the app for details.


Alright, who's back of the week? Hank? My Who's back of the week is TikTok. Yeah. Yeah. So Saturday Or National Nightmare is over. Yeah. Saturday. 'cause there was an announcement last week that they were banning TikTok on January 19th. Saturday. If you went on TikTok, every single person was basically, there was people crying. Everyone was acting like the world was ending. People at this office asking us to not fire 'em, people in this office asking us to not fire them. What's gonna happen? How is this gonna affect us? You would've thought the world was ending. The the funny trend that was happening was like, you know, tiktoks and, and influencers that got big on the TikTok app were basically revealing all their dirtiest secrets.


Like, oh, you know, one last day on this app, I might as well tell you this and then just tell like, basically them like lying about something or doing something nefarious and then that like, it's Like the plane's gonna crash and so you just confess your love to the person that you're next to. Yes. But in this, yeah, It was analogy like life does go on. Well, basically that's a, that's what what's the almost famous that it was basically that scene and almost famous because it got I think 10 o'clock and then the next Sunday morning it was back just completely fine. But what a, what a smart marketing move by TikTok to have everybody celebrate the death of your app. Talk about how great it is. Start crying because they can't use your app anymore. Boom.


We're back. That's a great move. Yeah, it was. It wasn't even 24 hours. I thought it was gonna be maybe till the inauguration like officially happened, but no, they just, they brought it back Sunday morning. Yeah. Yeah. So we're back. So, so TikTok is back. What about all the influencers that signed up for, for, was it Red Scare? Red Note? Red Note. Red Note. Yeah. The, the Chinese government owned app that's like glorified, I think in the terms of service. It said to promote the values of socialism. Yeah. And we were like sharing, there was, there was a bunch of clips of like people sharing videos from aircraft carriers and shit. Yeah. Not great. So TikTok back, Tiktoks back, I think they said they're, they're doing like a 90 day extension and then it might be band game, but there's just no way that it ever gets banned.


I thought the Supreme Court was it like nine? Nothing. It was unanimous and it upheld the ban, But it's back. So how, like, we're back. Yeah, We're back. If you can beat a nine, nothing Supreme Court vote. They beat The allegations. Yeah. We're back. Yeah. That's like having Infinity Stars in GTA And also is like Zuckerberg is, are we much better? Are the other apps much better? Like everyone's gonna switch. Like, I, I don't, I don't, I've never understood that part of it. Well the thing about it, I, I read something and I think it was from The Devil, you know, versus the w you Don't from yeah. From the court briefing on, on what they were saying about TikTok. I think that with TikTok, if you like, if you have TikTok and let's say your mom doesn't have TikTok, by you being on TikTok and allowing access to your contacts, the Chinese government now has access to everything about your mom who's not even on the app.


But they have that shit anyway. Like they have all, they have it all. Everyone has it all. Big Brother's watching everything. If you have an iPhone, everything's out there. TikTok dope. Congrats to everyone who makes a living on TikTok. 'cause that would've sucked for them. Yeah. Yeah. Like there's a lot of people who are probably freaking the fuck out. Yeah. There was, there was, there was real tears going on. Yeah. Yeah. Also, you see Snacking Girl came back. I did see that was great. That's awesome. What Did she do? That was great. She did the Snacking. Oh, she ran it back? Yeah. Oh Nice. She's like, this might be the end Here. It Is. One last time. Yeah. Alright. PFT year. Who's back? My, who's back of the week. Well, I have an update on the falconer for Lao. Oh. So he disputes the claim. And to refresh your memory, he's the falconer for the soccer team.


Lao that got kicked Off the team. He never needed the surgery Because he got a penis enhancement surgery. And then he barricaded himself inside the team facility to protest his firing. He is claiming that he never barricaded himself inside the team facility, rather that he had a medical condition after the surgery where if he stood up, he would've started bleeding from his penis. Oh. And he said that, he said, I have a medical certificate. If I get up, I will lose blood from my penis. So he is got a note from the doctor saying the only reason he barricaded himself was because he was not allowed to stand up and move around. Got it. So we'll see, as of now, still fired. I don't think the Falcon was ever in any immediate danger, but we do advocate for his reinstatement as Falconer official Team Falcon or asap.


My who's back of the week is Wooly Mammoths. They're back. There's a company called Colossal Biosciences and they just raised $200 million. Their company's valued at 10.2 billion to bring back and clone wooly mammoths. Whoa. And I'd say it's, it's high time that this happened. That's pretty awesome. I've been waiting for a billionaire to actually do Jurassic Park ever since that movie came out. Yeah. We have the technology like what bad could happen from reinventing all these old extinct animals. Yeah. So Willie Mammoths might be back soon, which I would, I would fucking love to see Willie Mammoths walking around out there. Yeah. Why not? We got coyotes. Let's do it. Why not Willie Mammoths? Yeah, Let's fucking do It. I'm all in Willie Mammoths.


Alright. My who's back? I got two. The Dodgers, they signed another like guy who's gonna be incredible. Two of them. Tanner Scott and Sasaki. They're just really fucking good. I don't really know what else to say. Yeah. He wanted to be a dodger because he grew up loving Jackie Robinson. Oh, that's what he said. Nice. And then my other, who's back is gun girl. AKA poop girl. Oh yeah. She's back's interviews Again. I debated her one time. Yeah, you did. Yeah. Yeah. It was, she's she's got hot and heavy. She's, yeah. She, she said, I'm back first time on campus in five years. I didn't debate her about anything political. I debated her on whether or not she pooped her pants. Ah. I took the position of Yes she did.


And she said no. Yeah. I won the debate. Yeah. She said, stay tuned for some wild conversations about transgenderism and abortion at USF. Great. Awesome. That Sounds fun. I saw, I I saw it because someone quoted you, it was like, her face looks like when you eat mushrooms and you're, you look at yourself in the mirror. I thought that was funny. Yeah. All right. I'm glad she's back. Welcome back. Okay. Good. Show boys. What a week we got coming up. Huge week. What a week we got coming up. Max. Let's, let's just agree that this week a lot of stuff is gonna be said. There's no, but after that, just a lot of stuff is gonna be said this week. That's it. That's It. I'm like, not. Yeah. This is not, I mean, you're not, you're not in a, like, you just need the game to kick off.


'cause you're not Well No, you're not in exactly a, I'm, I'm gonna say that you verse PFT in a battle of words. Wits, I'm cooked. It's not going. I need, it's not gonna go your way. Yeah. You're calling for daddy. You want daddy to fly. You're trying to fly out Ronan Facts. You need Ronan facts. You need him. I'm not, I, for the record, I do not want Ronan to fly out. Not because I don't like getting, you know, hanging out with Ronan and being with him. Ronan scares me. You need Ronan Ronan and Big Dom scare me. You Need Ronan bad, real bad. Real, real bad. I mean, the words doesn't really if the Eagles, it just, whoever wins, I don't Really. Yeah. The Eagle will give you support to feel like you can fight a fight.


And then like the backup is Connor Griffin. Yeah. No, no. Yeah. I I I love Connor Griffin. I love Connor Griffin. Is there A But anything else That we said? No buts. Well, We did say no buts. I mean Also Pugs Here. Pug Is here. Yeah. Pug Pug is an Eagles Fan. Pug, you wanna talk shit? No, no. It's NF C's. Respect. We, we respect each other. Love that pug. Love that Pug. Is Jack here? Jack is here. Where is he? P He's all the way back there. All right. Well


lemme do Lottery Ball brought to you by Jack Pocket. Did you know you can get scratch off tickets with Jack Pockett lottery app? That's right. You can order scratch in states like Texas, Ohio, Massachusetts, Arizona, and other select states. Don't forget Jack Pockett also let you order Powerball and Mega Millions tickets right on your phone. Download Jack Pockett new customers. Get your first ticket free with code PMT. That's code PMT only on Jack Pockett Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text Hope NY 18 or older 19 plus in Nebraska 21 Plus in Arizona Void were prohibited. Promo code required for $2 non withdrawal credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings terms. Jack pocket.com/tos/free-ticket-promo/jack


Jack's alliance fan. Yes. What do you got? Honestly, I will take that loss if it means OSU loses tomorrow. Okay. That's probably not gonna happen. Yikes. I know. Who, who did you think you were making that deal with? I don't know. Like if this Is the universe's plan, then you're kind of okay with it. Well, you, you, I mean we did establish that God is an a WL so maybe you can tell him right now like, Hey dude, I really need you to get OSU to lose. So Lions are obviously second behind Michigan football. Yes.


Yeah. Yeah. Man, that was really sad coming outta your mouth dude, because like os u's probably gonna win and then you're gonna have Lions lost and then Yeah. It's gonna be a rough week. That's a hell of a Coke that he's in right now. Yeah. Like you, you went, you went to bed on Saturday night night, you're like, well at least this probably means that os gonna lose. There's a chance. All the bad things can't happen. Oh man. All right. I'm root for Notre Dame now for your sake. Thank You. Yeah, it's, it's funny that Notre Dame is like the Pucky underdog. Yeah. America's rooting for Notre Dame. Nobody believes in them. Okay. Numbers 17, 5 8 3.


There you go. 99 Pope. 11 45, 21 85. Love you guys.