
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music.


On today's part of my take, week nine in the NFL, we're gonna talk every single game from Sunday. We're gonna do Fastest two minutes. We've got some weird stuff going on in Philly that we gotta get to who's back of the week. And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA is finally back. A new season means new ways to get into the action DraftKings, sports booking, official sports betting partner, the NBA, who's draining threes from beyond the arc, who's crashing the boards and grabbing rebounds. Get behind your favorite players and prop bets you can make on DraftKings the home of NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app. Place your bet first time. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. Instantly take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/b ball.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy. Yeah, yeah. My, my Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, November 4th, Week Nine. Not going to get 'em some spread. Happy no nut. November. We started in Atlanta where the Falcons had a tough time defending against Rico charges as Doell scored a touchdown. Meanwhile, young Thug Kirk Cousins looked like Prime Jimmy Golo throwing for three touchdowns. The Cowboys were forced to call on their dup quarterback as Prescott hurt his hammy, but it was too little, too late.


As Cooper Rush did his best to be a modern day warrior with a mean, mean stride, but fell short, leaving his fat coach to smash a tablet after the menu wouldn't load Falcons 27 Cowboys 21. We go up to the Meadowlands where Dan all I do is Quinn. Quinn. Quinn. No matter what had Washington Road and the team was looking animated as, hi, I'm Troy McCluen. You may remember me from such films as a one yard touchdown reception and the 10 yard touchdown reception. Not even a ty of Coke can save Wall Street as another. Black Monday is imminent. After Daniel Dow Jones continues to crash. The Commander's 27, the demon 22 over to Western New York, where Omar, Alex Cooper was ruled out pre-game, but the bill still had enough for the Dolphins to call Josh Allen daddy.


The bill started slow in the first half, but found a groove when Ray Charles Davis made the Dolphins secondary look blind on a way to a 63 yard score. The game came down to the wire. But Tyler, what you gonna do with all that ba base, all that base on special teams hit a 61 yarder and no one circles the wagons like the Buffalo Bills. Bills 30 Dolphins 27. We go, we go down to Baltimore where the Ravens said, let's get recorded. Let's get recorded in here. Hey, hey. As Patrick scored a touchdown to boat race, the Broncos track Doto ran for a hundred big tds.


The Ravens at six and three oh RIP, the bridge. Francis Scotto, he shoves it down. Sean Peyton's Pee Hole track do Cito Ravens. 41, the Broncos done. We head on to Philadelphia where Max was on the scene. Sagon Barkley was rumbling and bumbling and stumbling. And then he hit him without all time. 180 whoop over the head of the Jags defender. Finally, Jahan forgotten. Reminded Eagles fans that he is on the roster after he had one of the biggest catches of the game. Zach Bon voyage was all over the field and looked like he was going to easily bid a dude to the Jags offense.


But after a roaring comeback, it was Jimmy Dean who risked it to get the biscuit and came down with a game ceiling interception. Eagles 28 Jack 23. Thanks Max. Over to Nashville with the boy Henry Lockwood down to N Vegas Mason. Rudolph the backup. QB backed up and threw a nine yard pass, which was complete to Nick. No, no Nette for a touchdown. Past fans were thrilled. Their rookie QB was back from a concussion protocol and said, we love the Drake. After a second quarter touchdown, the teams traded field goals. Before Nick Russell Westbrook, a quinoa salad momentarily gave the Titans a seven point lead and an overtime interception sealed the loss for the Patriots.


And they were heard saying, actually we hate the drink, but at least he isn't the Caleb Titans win 20 to 17. That was hurtful Henry in, in Carolina. So what we lose games. So what We suck gas. We're just having fun And we don't care who sees. So what Our owner's a dick. That's how it's supposed to be. We're living Bryce young and wild and free. Derek Carmela Soprano was playing with a newfound furio after calling himself a psychopath this week, but it was too little, too late. As the Panthers practice anti Dennis Allen discrimination further cementing him as a worst coach of all time.


The Panthers win a football game. What? Huh? Huh? The Panthers. The Panthers. Okay. Panthers win a football game. Panthers 23, Saints 22. We go to the Os and Tundra of Green Bay where Jamir Jamir on the wall, who's the fairest of them all. As the Lions came into the pros and tundra wearing their snow white uniforms making Packers fans look sleepy, grumpy and dopey Kentucky. Kirby Joseph got on his horse and galloped home for a pick six to end a Half While Brian Branch Davidians took on the green BTF and got lost getting kicked out.


But it didn't end up mattering as a Lions answered the cambell yet again on the way to an easy win. The Lions 24, the Packers 14 Standing on a corner. Jamis Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fine side to see it's a pick my Lord. Another pick my Lord at another that makes three. Jacob Nobbins played. The Browns are basic. Ja install his coach, which was black.


Kelly got The Chargers, 27 Browns 10. And


that Was the Fastest two minutes For week nine. Brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using Silverados for all kinds of, Pardon My Take. Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com, build your own Chevy Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover, world of strength and capability. All behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Alright, week nine in the books we're finishing up Vikings Cults Sunday Night Football. There was a second there where I thought Sam Darn was turning back into a pumpkin. But he seems to have right righted the ship for momentarily. So we'll update this at the end. But were you getting nervous too? A little Bit. He, he looked a little bit spooked. He looked a little punky. He Was spooked. It was like seeing ghosts again for a moment. He also did get hit in the face on another sack. They don't re, the NL doesn't like his face. I think It's that he's got such a large head. Yeah. That they're like, it's almost like you're asking, well, what was he wearing? It's did, did he want to get hit in the face? Yeah. It's free reign on Sam Donald's helmet at all times.


Was he asking for it Back to back weeks? But yeah, we will, we will update that game after we finish everything else. Let's, let's hop into week nine. So last week we had an incredible witching hour Insane games this week. It didn't feel like there were a ton of, a ton of drama. Was Hank right? Hank might've been right. Was Hank right about the games this weekend? Although Didn they were games. Didn't, didn't he, didn't he What, which game did he specifically? Oh, he like Cowboy Cowboy Falcon Falcons Cowboy. That was fun game still, but was it? Yeah. It was still fun to watch Kirk Cousins go crazy. He was going crazy. We had like Two decent games today. Yeah, it wa it wa it wasn't the best Sunday, but that's okay because we love every Sunday we hold it and cherish it and love it and kiss it and, and smooch it and have it sit on our lap and fondle it.


Yeah. Take showers with it. Yeah. Do cuddle it. Little spoon. I'd like to make Sunday my little spoon every single Sunday. Alright, let's hop in the games. Bill's 30, Dolphins 27. This was probably the, the closest best game early Josh Allen and Sean McDermott and the Buffalo Bills continue to be the Miami Dolphins Daddy Sean McDermott's now 15 and two against the Dolphins. And this was the Bill's kind of mo this year where they start slow. They've actually been le trailing in five games at halftime this year. They started slow and then they woke up in the second half with a fumble that kind of changed the game when they punched out the ball of Moster and then Ray Davis's long touchdown and Josh had 156 yards and three touchdowns in the second half.


And they held off a Frisky Dolphins team. Yeah, The Dolphins looked alive today. Josh had an incredible touchdown pass. That's when it was. Okay. He is, he's your daddy, right? He is father and he's going to score whether you like it or not, there's nothing you can do about it. He was falling over, getting hit by like two guys and then just LOBs a nice easy, soft catchable ball into the end zone. Anybody like most other quarterbacks, if they get hit like that, they might fumble, they might hit the ground and and hurt their shoulder. Josh is just like, okay this is, I'm just going to push the buttons and this is easy for me 'cause I believe I can beat the Dolphins 'cause I've done it a million times in the past. Yeah, 15 and two. That's pretty, that's pretty crazy. That's, that's ownership at a different level. The Dolphins, they're frisky.


I'm gonna stick with the Dolphins being frisky. They don't know how to close games. I think they've lost their last three games by a total of 10 points. They like their offense looks like it's somewhat back. Tua looks okay. They just don't know how to close games. They, they had, they, they score to tie the game and you're like, oh man, the Dolphins are gonna maybe be able to pull this out. And then they had the back to back. It was the Chop Robinson penalty and then the Jordan Poer penalty. And then Sean McDermott deserves credit for this because Tyler Bass has not been great. Tyler ass. Tyler, Tyler Ass. He, he missed an extra point today. He dont, one he, I think he missed a couple extra points last week or the week before.


He has had maybe the yips, whatever you wanna call it. And Sean McDermott was like, you know what, I'm gonna fucking trust him with a 61 yarder. Which if he misses that kick, the Dolphins I believe had one, maybe two timeouts. I think they had two because I think they used one to ice him. The Dolphins could basically turn around get 20 yards and try to kick a game winner themselves. Yeah. That was a pretty risky thing to do. So Sean McDermott gets credit for trusting his kicker, which I don't know if I would've trusted my kicker in that spot. That That's awesome because we will give him credit for trusting his kicker if he had missed that field goal. Oh, we'd be like, Shawn McDermot, you're of, you belong in prison for that. I think the guy missed an extra point. Why are you gonna send him out there for a 61 yarder? I Think as he was lining up, I was like, this is psycho.


Because it really was like when you have a 61 yarder, you just looking at the field and you're like, if he misses this, the Dolphins get, need a first down to try their own 61 yard. Yeah. And and people always say like, you know, like if your coach doesn't get something and you're like, well if he, if if it would've worked, we would've been praising him for making the right call. We need to do more of the opposite. Yeah. Where we, we talk just about how bad of a decision it was because it didn't work out the way that we thought that it was gonna happen. Yeah. But hey listen. But yeah, no six, it was a 61 yarder and it probably would've been good from 70. Yeah. He hit the dick off that ball. That was, it was very, very Impressive. And and now you get a kicker who might have some confidence back. Yeah. Which is also like, has a nice free agent acquisition. Tyler Baskets, the game ball.


The bills are absolutely rolling. And even in a game where it's like, it did feel for a little bit watching that game 'cause they would, they were sleepwalking the first half they had that they had one good drive that Keon Coleman, the ball goes off his hands Yeah. And and picked in the red zone and you're like, are the bills gonna lose this game? No, no, no, no. The bills are not gonna lose this game. And the bills are seven and two and the second best team in the A FC East is three and six. Yeah. That's pretty crazy that they have it wrapped up this early. Congratulations to the New York Jets who are in second place in the A FC East. That's huge. That's huge. That's a big game for memes. That's enormous. So Back, Almost back, almost Back almost second place is pretty good.


There also should be, I don't want to be the one to start the conversation, but other people have started the conversation. Josh Allen should definitely be in the MVP conversation. Oh, he is in the conversation. Yeah. Yeah. But he should be very much in it. I think if you look at the odds, it's like Lamar two 50 and then Josh is like two 80, Something like that. And Lamar probably should win it again because he's been insane. But so is Josh. Yeah, Josh has been really good too. The Dolphins. I would say there are so many teams that are, that have two wins right now. I think there are nine NFL teams that have two wins, which doesn't seem mathematically possible does it? No. To have nine teams with two. Some of 'em are two and seven, some are two and six. But there are nine teams that have two wins. I think the Dolphins are by far the best two win team in the NFLA Dolphins.


The best two team. That's worse though. Team To be the best two win team. Yeah. You think that's bad? You gotta be the worst two win team PFT. Definitely Titans beat them. Yeah. But that was a different team. True Titans. I I can't quit The Titans and Jamis. Yeah, the Brown. Well the Browns are also a different team. I would say the Browns and the Dolphins. If we're playing the two win Super Bowl, I think it would be, I think it would be Dolphins. One Seed Browns? No, no, it's a, it's a Final Four. Okay, got it. So it's Dolphins one seed Browns two seed Titans, three seeds. So it's Browns Titans in the first round. And I think it's the Jaguars in the four seed. Okay. Yeah. So, So Dolphins verse Jaguars, Browns versus Titans.


Okay. I think the Dolphins win that game now. I think the Dolphins beat the Jaguars. Yeah. I get, I think I have the Browns. The Browns versus Dolphins in the championship game for the two win teams For the best two win team in the NFL. Yeah. And then I make this a tournament. That might Be a pick them, put It on a Tuesday night. Yeah. Give it to us instead of election coverage. Kill the two. We Have action kill the two man. Yeah. I would watch this. The Super Bowl. The, the Super Bowl and then just missing the, the Super Bowl I would say is the Giants. They were the first one out. Yeah. Yeah. They were the one that Leonard's like, Hey look, they don't have enough. They don't have enough on the resume. Well, and the Patriots played like five games without Drake. May I feel like you aren't Getting enough credit is different team. Well they also lost It.


Higher quality two win team. You Lost the Titans set. You just lost a two Win Titans team. You gave the Titan, you, you gave the Titans entry into the two Win Club. If you didn't want 'em in there, you should kept 'em out. Who was your other win? You beat the Dolphins, right? Jets. They beat the Jets. They beat, I know they beat the Jets, but did they Beat the week one? They beat the Bengals. Oh yeah. So you didn't beat so you lost the Dolphins. So I mean that's, I mean if we're looking at it, if we're doing the Leonard brca, I Think the Giants have, Although the giant, you can make the argument that the Giants did beat the prize. I think the Giants have the best strength of schedule. The Giants do have a tough strength schedule. No, I think if you look at the win percentage, I think the Giants of all the two win teams, it's like they're, they're number one. They Played a gauntlet. Yeah. That's what you get for making your schedule.


You try to play competitive games and Ardi doesn't give you that respect. They're like the like 2014, I wanna say Arkansas Razorbacks when Brett Bema, like they won like six games, but they were maybe the best six win team out there. Yeah. 'cause they were just going, they were playing everyone in the SEC and just playing everyone to like a 13, 12 loss. Yeah. But to the Dolphins point, I think that they, I mean they hung in this game, they could have very easily won this game. The Dolphins are frisky. Yeah. I think they'll be spoil They're official. Spoiler. I don't know if they're gonna sell. They probably should sell. Like what does Jalen Waddle do? He showed up outta nowhere in the second half of this game. Yeah. And then he had that, he had to minus like what Did he, yeah. So, so here's what happened on the last play, because right when this happened, That was so funny.


I turn to Jerry and I go, oh my God. What was to his passing yards over under for today? His prop was 243 and a half yards. That was the over under. Yeah. He had 254 yards. Mm. With Five seconds left in the game. Mm. He passed to Jalen Waddle. Jalen Waddle ran backwards. Yeah. For negative, or sorry, it got pitched to Jayden Waddle. He did not pass Jalen Waddle. Yeah. But he, he threw a complete pass down the field and then it got pitched to Jalen Waddle who ran backwards for 1620 Minus 24 yards. He, so Jalen Waddle finished his stats today was two catches minus four yards, one touchdown.


Pretty crazy. That doesn't seem physically Possible. No, that doesn't, That's how it happened. And so two is over under did not hit because of Waddle running backwards. Yeah. I just, I I feel like the Dolphins should you, it's a wasted season. You know, it's, you're not going in the playoffs. You have some talented guys in the roster. Like what? I don't, I maybe the Chiefs don't want another wide receiver now, but they still could use one. Right? Yeah. Like what? I think they, I don't know. I think they said they're not done. If I were, if I were a two and seven gm, I would just be trying to get as many draft picks as possible. Yeah. And this is what I don't know about Waddle, because he's been MIA in a lot of games. I don't know if he has lost a step or if they're just not targeting him at all.


It, The no two, the no two hurt, No. Tua was a big deal. Yeah. But I don't, I don't know, I don't know if Waddle is, he's still got the elite touchdown celebration. Yeah. Yeah. He, he had the, the week one he had a huge monster game. And then since then it's been, everything's been under 50 yards and he's averaging like, he gets like four catches a game. So I, he is not totally invisible, but I would, I'd start trading everyone and Even the announcers are going through the same things that you're going through at home when you're watching The Dolphins play. When the, when Tua took off to Scramble for that first sound. Yes. Who, who was the play by play guy? Kevin Harlan. I Believe it was Kevin Harlan. Yeah. Yes. Kevin Harlan. I think he said like, oh no.


Like during the middle of the play because two is running with the ball. They're feeling the same emotions that you are watching him run, just like bad things might happen on this play. Yeah. And but I, he looked good today. I had a I had a moment. Yeah. I mean it, he, the Dolphins are frisky and they will play Spoiler and they'll probably win a game that they're not supposed to win late in the season and fuck someone else's schedule up. I'm, I'm trying to look right now. Ooh. Maybe act maybe at Green Bay that could fuck some. Nah, that's this's be cold. Nevermind. Yeah. Maybe like the Jets or the Texans. That's a game that could win and just fuck everyone's schedule up. But yeah, the, the bills are rolling. I don't, the bills are it right now. It feels like the A FC is just a lot of trash are figuring it out.


And then the Bills, the Ravens and the Chiefs. I Like that. There's a nice like understood order of operations at the top of the A FC though. Yeah. 'cause you got the Chiefs obviously number one. 'cause guess what? They beat the Ravens Ravens obviously at number two. 'cause guess what? They beat the bills. So it, it's, there's not a whole lot of debate that you can have. I think that the Bills and the Ravens are both really, really good teams. And I think either team could beat the Chiefs, but I think that the Ravens obviously have the Bills number for some reason. There's One person that's gonna get very mad at us for this conversation. The Steelers are technically at the, at the top of the A FC North. Yeah. I I think the Steelers Steelers are very good. I Put a future on them. They should be in there Last Monday to win the Super Bowl. But yeah. The a ffc Yeah, the Bills, the Ravens and the Chiefs.


If you, if you told me, if you gave me, I mean, it would be a dumb bet, but if you're like one of those three teams to the Super Bowl, yeah. Yeah. Sign me up. That's, that's gonna happen. It feels like. Okay. Next game. The game that Hank shot all over the Falcons 27. The Cowboys 21. Hank, I know that you didn't, weren't excited about this game, but this game gave us many different things to take away. One Bijan is awesome. 150 yards from the line of scrimmage. He was, or 145 yards. He was awesome. Two, was that like new information? No, but it's nice to see like every game that Bijan goes off, it's kind of, it's like nice to see because we spent all last year being like, when is Bija gonna go off?


And now it's like he's arrived and he's so fucking shifty and so awesome and elusive. When he gets in space, it's, you just know that he's gonna make a guy miss. I think what Big Cat's saying is like, it's really, it's really good for all the mock draft people out there. It's just, this guy's different. I, I, I'm a Bija guy. I, I I like him. I I'm a fan of him and I like to see him do well and so every time he does well, I'm like, yes. That confirms that I am ex like it's okay to be excited about a guy who last year felt like he was not being used properly. Yeah. Two, we got Dak saying on the sideline, we fucking suck. That was pretty funny. Yep. Three Mike McCarthy smashing the tablet.


That was very funny. Did the tablet say something about his brother? I don't know. Might've you Called him a slur. Yeah. Or Yeah, maybe wrote an article about him. We got, we we got a lot of Philly things to talk about later. Phyllis is it, is it GA data pop star Apparently outside Of, actually maybe, yeah. Maybe outside of a Penn State game. Yeah. Yeah. 3, 4, 4. Pam Oliver got a jersey from Steven and Jerry Jones. I don't know why It's journalism baby. I still don't know why. I was trying to figure out why they like stopped. I don't think they stopped the game, but it, they, they, in the broadcast they showed Pam Oliver getting a jersey. Were they trying to sign her? I don't know if they're trying to sign her. I don't know if they could afford her right now.


But I do think that for whatever reason, this is a move that you do when you're trying to get somebody to retire. Yeah. Think about it. If they're still working, they're pushing Her out the door. You're having like a retirement party for her. I don't think that, has she said anything about retiring? I Don't think so. I don't know. Maxim, can you look that up? And why did they get, is it just because she does Fox? Yeah. And Fox does, she's been doing it. The Cowboys. She's been doing it for a while. Yeah. Yeah. I I I couldn't figure it out. That was very weird. But that was kind of cool. Hank five, I don't know what number I'm on Rico Dole's touchdown was sick. Yeah, it was, That was a sick touchdown. Yeah. We, I I I looked for the same stuff and I couldn't figure out they gave her a jersey either.


Either Jerry knows something about her retiring or this is Jerry being like, look, we need to get her off the sidelines for some reason. Yeah. I I bet you Pam Oliver has a lot of dirt on the Cowboys organization. This could also be Jerry taking a shot at those guys. He yelled at on the radio being like, see if you're journalist, this is how we Treat you. I respect you. Yeah. Yeah. I I won't hit you with a CD's nuts joke. Yeah. Yeah. This game was, I I enjoyed the watching this game. It had A lot. I'll, I'll give you another thing that we can take away from this game. Something fun. Yeah. The Falcons reminded us that you cannot commit pass interference on a fake punt. Oh. So the Cowboys tried a very sad fake punt. Yes. And threw it towards their gunner who got thrown down to the ground. The bull probably should have been picked off in return for six, but it wasn't.


But it was a nice reminder that you, if it's the, the last guy closest to the sideline and they run a fake punt, you can do whatever you want to 'em. Yeah. It's all legal. Yeah. That it was, that it was the, the sad fake punt. And then it was also the fourth down end round with CD lamb. Yeah. That lost like 15 yards. The Cowboys are ass. They are complete ass. That's also fun. Hank watching the Cowboys be ass. The Falcons are good. This was a good win for the Falcons. Kirk Cousins, I think if you looked at his stats this year, he was like the greatest quarterback of all time against the Bucks and then Okay. Like average to below average against everyone else. So it was good that he beefed up his resume against someone not named the Bucks.


Yeah. Well this is, it's the highest back to back quarterback rating for any quarterback ever in Falcon's history. Wow. What Kirk has done the last two weeks. I think the Falcons are good. They still gotta figure out their past rush situation. They did get three sacks today. That's shocking. Yeah, it is shocking. An MVP quarterback, Is he in this, are we having the conversation? No, I'm saying like that that's better than Matt Ryan. Oh Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Matt Ryan did win an MVP. That's true. I was thinking for a second. I was like, Michael, Did Michael win an MVP? This is actually, we should have, we should have, we should talked about this on Friday. This is the matchup of Kirk Cousins versus the black Kirk Cousins. Yeah, true. Remember when Omar, when Amari Cooper called Dak Prescott that Yeah. Was Amari Cooper actually giving Dak Prescott the best compliment he's ever received in his life?


I think so, Because that's a, that would be an honor because I take Kirk Cousins over Dak every, every day of the week. Yeah. And I mean, the Cowboys are bad. I I I have a question. So, good win for the Falcons. I actually do think the Falcons are good. I I'm worried about the Drake London injury because he came outta the game after scoring a touchdown. He's very important. And again, their defense has to round into form a little bit more. The Cowboys ran the ball. Like the Cowboys don't run the ball and they ran the ball very well. Zeke is just, I don't even know what's happening. He just doesn't go to meetings anymore. And then he just, they're like, yeah, don't come to this game. Disciplinary reasons, I don't know. I don't know. But it, it must Zeke is treating, Zeke is treating the NFL, like, he's like, he's a kid on like a youth soccer team.


He's like, I can't make it to the game tonight, tonight because my like sister has a violin recital. Yeah. I don't know. But it had to be something bad for Jerry to be like, Zeke, you're not allowed to travel with. Right. Because I think Jerry, he loves getting the, the miles. I think they go straight to like his personal credit account. Yeah. With people fly on airplanes. I I think that he loves Zeke too. He Does. But he, I, the story I read, Zeke has just been late to a bunch of meetings, like multiple meetings, Which is shocking considering how fast he drives. That's True. My question though is this, and this is no discredit the fucks. 'cause again, I do think the Falcons are good. I've, I said that four weeks ago when I was like, I, I'd take them in the NFC South over the Bucks. That was obviously the Bucks. If I have a lot of injuries, at what point are the Cowboys no longer a good win?


I think they're always gonna be a good win. 'cause it, they're always gonna be a satisfying win. They're A satisfying win. Yeah. Satisfying. But at what point is it like, oh, they beat the Cowboys. That's a really good, like the Cowboys are not good. Yeah. Well let's ask Max. Max, max. You play the Cowboys next week, right? I think Are you gonna be I think rivalry games are Different. Yeah. Rivalry games are different for sure. It doesn't matter when you throw out the record books, but you get what I'm saying. Like, the Cowboys are not good. They're not a good football team. No. No, they're not. But we're in our head because they've been like under Mike McCarthy. Yes. They have not had playoff success, but they've been a very good regular season team under Mike McCarthy. So in your head you see the Cowboys on the schedule and you're like, oh, that's a big game. They're a good team.


They're not, they're a bad team. They have a lot of holes. They like building the entire offense out of just cd. Lamb does not make any sense. Michael Parson's been out for a while. I actually think they should trade Michael Parsons. They never will. But that would be the smart move for Jerry Jones. So if you're, like, if you signed Dak Prescott to a big deal and you're like, he's the quarterback, you need some draft picks. You need to start like getting depth around him and not just be like, Hey, we'll pay four really, really good players and hope everything else works out. So did you see what Michael Parson said about this game? He said game of the game of the year for them. Game of the week for us.


So he's still, they're still talking about the Cowboys being everybody's Super Bowl. That's my point. I don't think that they are. Everybody's Super Bowl though. No, they, they're just bad. It's, It's just fun to beat the Cowboys. Yeah. Right. It's very fun to beat the Cowboys, but they're not a good football team. Yeah. So I mean, they're just, they're not, I don't, I don't know. They're not a playoff team. No, They're, They're not gonna win. I'm looking right now at their schedule. I think they're probably gonna maybe win seven or eight games. And Dak his, maybe his hamstring is fucked up and his throwing hands fucked up. Too Hands fucked up. They kept zooming in on his hand. It was, it looked like he got stung by bees on the sidelines. He's all Fucked up. Yeah. And Cooper Rush credit to Cooper Rush.


I, I like a backup quarterback that I know exactly like what he's gonna provide. And what Cooper Rush provides is he's going to throw the ball as hard as he possibly can to a receiver that has a defender draped all over him every single time. It's like a nine yard pass rifled in there while there's a cornerback, literally on top of his wide receiver. Yeah. Like an uncatchable ball. Yeah. But uncatchable maybe for, for either team. Yeah. So he's, he knows where his receivers are gonna be. Doesn't really have the knack of reading defensive coverages to throw it to an open one. But he, he, you know what? He gets rid of the ball on time. He does. He does on schedule. He does. Well, maybe a little late. Well, yeah, maybe a little late.


Relatively on schedule. Dak Yeah. Relatively. Dak did have a, a sick touchdown pass today though. Yeah, he did. Little Bit lucky on the catch by Rico. It was a great catch. But yeah, That was a great catch. Dak bought a shitload of time scrambling around and so sometimes when plays break down like that, Dak is, he's liable to make either the sickest play ever or the most boneheaded play ever. Yep. At the end of that play. And we got the sick one today and they Were, they were so, so bad on third and fourth down. I think they were three for 16. The Cowboys pretty bad. That was it. Like every time they got on a third down, they just sucked. When you said that Drake London was injured after the touchdown, did he get injured? Did he do the bowling pin? So the headstand? No, He, he left the game I think after the next series.


So I don't know what his injury was because That headstand was sick. The Headstand, it's, it's a great him and a Rock. Him And Aman Ron. What college was that? That was like some Incarnate word. Incarnate word. That guy did it. It's an awesome, awesome touchdown celebration. Have you ever seen the videos of, it reminds me of the videos of Mike. Mike Tyson, his old training that he would do for his neck. Yeah. He would do neck bridges. So it was basically like a plank on his neck. He would be in plank position, but it would be his neck, not his hands or Yeah, his elbows. He would do that for like 30 minutes a day. It's a great Exercise. And his neck would just get so fucking strong because I see those celebrations and all I can think about is you're gonna get hurt. Yeah. You're gonna get Paralyzed.


It's gonna break your neck. Yeah. The Chargers could probably do that with their strength coach. Yeah. Ben Herbert. And he's probably just gonna work that neck out. Well, I saw they did a pregame thing on the balcony where we interviewed Khalil Mack and it was JJ Watt interviewing Bosa, Kalil Mack, Ben Herbert and Harbaugh. And I just was sitting there being like, damn, those are all our guys. Like Fuck. Yeah. Yeah, it's good. Yeah. Like that was, that was fun. Just seeing Ben Herbert. That's a lot of testosterone that Coach Herbert. Yeah. Yeah. So wait, Drake line I'm reading right now, right? Hip Hope, just a contusion. That's from Twitter, Dr. Jeff Mueller. Okay. I trust him. We're Hoping for a bruise.


Yeah. My understanding, and this is from James Palmer, my understanding is Falcons, Drake, London is dealing with a hip pointer and an oblique strain. It doesn't appear to be a serious concern. I don't think you can get, I think that's one of those things, oblique strains. Like that's why you shouldn't try to get abs because you can't, I could never get an oblique Strain. Yeah. You can't pull fat. Right. Yeah. That's never gonna happen to me. Okay. Next game. Hank, was that enough fun things to talk about? Yeah, I think I was right, but that's, no, I don't think you were right. We, we, did you hear about Pam Oliver? I saw, yeah. Oh, oh, 30 seasons is, is this the 30th season? Yes. So everyone's doing it. This is just from earlier in the year from the Niners.


I'm not dead yet, but I'm having a great time. I appreciate you guys. So they are trying to get her Yeah, that's what Retired. That's crazy. We love Pam Oliver. Okay. Ravens 41, Broncos 10, the not ready for Prime time. Denver Broncos, who I still are, you know, they're, they're not a bad team, but this was, we talked about this on Friday, a big step up in class and they failed to test. Yeah. The Ravens are, are light years better than Broncos right now? I I could see the Broncos making the playoffs. That could happen. But they're probably going to No, it could, if, if you look at where they are right now, they're probably, Well, I, I'm making that face because think they're probably gonna lose Think the only team, I think the team they'd have to beat, beat Out is our Chargers.


Oh, okay. Gotcha. So I don't want that. They, they're probably gonna lose their next two games, I think. But the Broncos, I think their, their defense is good enough to keep 'em in it and in the conversation to be It wasn't today. It was not today. Lamar, I mean, the Ravens, you, you can't, the Ravens and the Lions are the two teams right now going to the NFL where, I don't know what you do on defense because it seems like there's no answer. Zay Flowers, Lamar Jackson will just run around and Zay Flowers will be wide open and that will happen four or five times a game. And there's nothing you can do about it. And Lamar Jackson will throw it perfectly to him. He was throwing dimes. I, Lamar Jackson was 16 for 19 for 280 yards and three touchdowns. He didn't even have to run today. I think he has like one of his worst running games.


And then you just throw in Derrick Henry. Yeah. Who by the way, had his hundredth touchdown rushing. So he's the 10th player all time to do that. And he also reached a thousand yards. We're on 2000 Yard watch. Wait, he got a thousand yards rushing today. No shit. He is 1052 yards on the season. We are officially on 2000 yard watch for Derrick Henry. I I hope he gets So we Are have the Ravens play. Have the Ravens had a buy yet? They have not had a buy. So they're exactly, they're, they played a little bit more than half of his schedule nine games we're on it. That's, I hope he gets there. That's, I hope he gets there too. It's crazy. But yeah, za Flowers is always open about 30 yards downfield and he always catches the ball facing the line of scrimmage.


And then he, he like fakes one way and then turns around and runs to the corner for an additional 13 yards. Yeah. And they do that five times a game. Yeah. And it's, it's unstoppable. Especially when you have Derrick Henry come downhill at you and Yeah. Lamar Jackson throwing with, he throws with so much touch now. It's awesome. Yeah. He's, he's having an MVP season again. He's, he's been awesome. The Ravens cannot be stopped there. The Ravens defense would be the big concern because they still do let up big chunk plays and it feels like, like Bo Nicks, I feel like Bo Nicks had a decent amount of time tonight, today and he missed a few passes. He did have that great touchdown catch, but it was just the Broncos had been feasting on some not great teams and then they had to play a really, really good team and they got punched in the mouth and maybe they'll learn some lessons from It.


Yeah. Watching Lamar play is like the opposite of watching Bo Nicks play. Yeah. Because Bo Nicks, he, he, every time he throws a pass, he's just like, I'm going to throw this ball as hard as I can. Yeah. Doesn't matter who I'm throwing it to. Could be a dump off, could be a Scri. I'm just gonna wing it. Yeah. But he is still fun. And when Bo runs you're like, he's about to get crushed or throw a pick and when Lamar runs you're like, no one's gonna touch him. Yeah. With Bo I sometimes I have the fear that he's already passed the line of scrimmage like eight yards and I'm like, he's probably gonna throw it another interception Right now. He's gonna try to throw it. Yeah. Yeah. The also Lamar, that was his fourth perfect passer rating in his career. And that's the tied for the most all time since 1950 with Ben Roethlisberger.


Now I don't know what passer rating actually means, but still, when you get a perfect anything you gotta say Hat tip. I know when I see 158.3, that means really fucking Good. That means he was really, really fucking good today. Yeah. Do you So the Broncos Yeah, the Broncos have, I think the Chiefs next. So it's like a little, they're gonna have to, they're gonna have to buck up here. They have the chiefs in the Falcons coming up after, you know, feeling pretty good at five and three. And that chief game will be very interesting because we'll be like, yeah, they, they aren't that guy pal. That's what I wrote down for the Broncos. They aren't that guy. You're not that guy buddy. You're not that guy pal. They could make the playoffs, but I just, I don't know.


Here's the thing about the, here's the thing about the Broncos. They beat a lot of bad teams. Yeah. But there are a lot of bad teams in the NFL And there's a lot of bad teams in the A FC. They still get to play the Raiders again. They get the Raiders, they get the Browns and the Colts. Yeah. So they, they do get to play some more bad teams. Oh, the Colts aren't Terrible. They're not bad. Yeah. Oh yeah. They're, they're in the Broncos Conversation and the Bengals depending on the week. Yep. And I'm gonna say that whoever wins that Broncos Colts game, that will make the other team a bad team. Yeah. That will be the Yeah. That's how you'll know. I like That. I like that. Okay, next up, Commanders 27 Giants 22 PFT, year seven and two. You even beat a Daniel Jones where he finally threw a touchdown in front of his home crowd.


672 days hit since he last threw a touchdown at MetLife Stadium. It was New Year's day of 2023. He went off in the first half, four for six zero yards, one touchdown. Yeah. He went off, he went off. Also, I noticed this, and I wanna hear your perspective from the Commanders. Okay. But I noticed this from the Giants perspective, it feels like Brian DaBell has realized that like it's all over with Daniel Jones, so fuck it. Let's just run him like we did a few years ago. Yeah. Because he was, he was just running every play and he Was pretty good at running too. Yeah. And they were running like options and, and and he was, he was keeping it. And like I, I think he basically was like, Hey Daniel, you're the whole quarterbacking thing, the throwing the ball you're not good at.


So just run it. Let's just work on trying to get by. Yeah. Any way that we can, we can't afford to be picky about how you're gonna play the position. Yeah. Let's just send you out there and do what we know that you can do. And Yeah. In the first half, zero yards passing looks pretty bad on a stat sheet. Yes it does. But I don't think he played that poorly in the first half. Overall. Couldn't 'cause he was running the ball a lot. Yeah, he was. He was running people over and they were able to move it pretty effectively. Our defense doesn't, still doesn't look great, but our offense, the crazy crazy stat that I saw today is that we have three turnovers this season. Three total turnovers. Oh yeah, I saw this. Yeah. Yeah. That's the fewest by a team in the first nine games of a season since 1933.


That's crazy. And that's the first year that they track turnover. So this might be the fewest of any team of all time. Wow. That the Commanders have, and so yeah, Jayden played pretty well at quarterback today. I don't think it was one of those crazy holy shit. Oh my God. No. He did What he had To do, but, but he did it really well. Yeah. And he doesn't make mistakes. That's the crazy thing. Like he, he will make some mistakes. He's a rookie. He is gonna figure it out, but he's very, very careful with the football. Yeah. And like much more so than anybody thought that he'd be as rookie. And no turnovers. No interceptions, no no fumbles. It's huge. It's huge that you have a rookie quarterback that's able to do that. So Yeah, they are, they're seven and two for the first time since 1996. Which is, that's, it's just crazy to think about that.


'cause they just hit their over for win total for the season. They're a very good football team. Yeah. That was, that was a game where it was like, it wasn't a wow game. It was a division game. You took care of business. Yeah. Road game in the division. Right. And the Giants always play the, the commander's tough. They usually beat us, honestly, especially on the road. So I got a question for you. Steelers, Eagles next two weeks. Yeah. So next like 10 days because you're gonna play Thursday night football against the, the Eagles if you're two and Oh, what are your thoughts If we beat the Eagles? You're nine and two. Okay. I have, here's how I'm looking at the NFC right now. Okay. And you can tell me if I'm being delo Hank set up. Hank set up. Yeah. Yeah.


This is Big Cat trapping me into No, I'm not. No I won't. No, no, I get it. It's a, I was gonna ask you O2 as well. I was gonna ask you the reverse. It's a good trap though because No, No, I'm not trying To trap, I'm not saying this about my team as they currently are. I'm saying this, if we somehow be Yeah, I was gonna do o and two after that. Yeah. If we somehow beat the Steelers and the Eagles. Here's how I see the NFC, I don't think anybody's gonna beat the lion. Yeah. I think the Lions are, are clearly the best team in the NFC. They might be the best team in football, but I think that it would be realistic if we're looking at nine and two to say we could lose in the NFC Championship. Yeah. You wouldn't have to play the lion till the NFC championship. Yeah. If you're nine and two. Yeah. And I, I could see us potentially getting to the NFC championship game also.


And you wouldn't have a, you wouldn't have to play a, a road game until the NFC championship Game and Yeah. So people have to come into our death trap of a stadium. Yes. And it might fall on 'em a range shit on 'em. That'd be nice. So I think you also have to take into account the trade deadline coming up on Tuesday because I think the Commanders are gonna try to get a cornerback, maybe a wide receiver, huge Day Tuesday, maybe pass rush, Huge day ion, Ion ion NFL trade deadline, Power rankings, Everything. Everything's coming up on Tuesday. The two bowl. Yes. What about o and two If we're ING two and we're looking at seven and four And you lost the steel, but what about the trade deadline? What, what, what's gonna happen that is so important.


We, I just said we could get a quarter, Get a quarterback wider quarterback receiver. We Still need help at cornerback. We need help at at receiver Try to keep up Yeah. Pending those moves. But now if we're oh and two, I would say let's, let's win a wild card game. Okay. Why not? Because those, I mean the Steelers and the Eagles are tough games. Yeah. They're very tough. Those are not, those are, those are not the Giants of the Panthers. But if we, the Bears, if, Here's the thing is if the Commanders go 500 for the rest of the season, I think that puts us at 11 wins. Yeah. That would It's crazy. It's crazy to see how fast this has turned around. And I, I respect the hell outta Dan Quinn because I think he's done a great job coaching. He's a very competent good. Like, that's the thing is you guys have a, a Dan Quinn's a a floor guy where it's like your floor is raised to a point where you're not gonna make mistakes of a poorly coached team.


Yeah. You know, like Yeah. Who knows what his ceiling is. Well I guess his ceiling is going to a Super Bowl having a 28 3 lead in the Super Bowl. But that, that type of coach Dan Quinn, like when you go from what you had in Ron Rivera, who, you know, it fell off at the end to Dan Quince. Like he just, I feel like he brings the whole like organization together being like, this is what we're gonna do and we're not, not gonna make the dumb mistakes that have killed Us. Yeah. So if you, if you look at three turnovers right now through nine games last year at this time we had 14 turnovers. 14. Yeah. Makes a big difference. That's a Big difference. Yeah. You guys have a lot of, I mean, you play the Saints still and the Titans. Yeah. So I, I mean I think the Commanders and the Cowboys stink.


If I'm looking at the schedule right now, I think saying 11 or 12 wins is very, very possible. Very possible. Very. And I don't think I'm being delusional when I say that. No, I, that's not delusional. If you look at the schedule, that's not delusional. Yeah. Because it's, it's, again, you're seven and two and you have games against two games against the Cowboys, the Titans and the Saints. That's four games right there where you should be favored. Yeah. And that's, that's not even talking about the Steelers, the Eagles twice and the Falcons which you could win. Yeah. The way I see the NFC, it's the Lions, they're number one. No. No matter what. Right now they're almost unbeatable, I think. And then grouped in that second group, I would put the, I think the Eagles have the second best roster in the NFC.


I think that the Eagles are, yeah. Like if, if they can figure out what's going on with the coaching and the weird decisions that they make, sometimes Seriality, you overcome the Max Mojo And we'll get to it. But I'm officially like, just to add, you know, more shit onto everything. I'm dealing with the Rams. I'm, I'm starting to get nervous about Yeah. The Rams are, the Rams are bad. I think they're, I think they're tied for first in the, in the NFC West. Oh no, the Cardinals beat them head to head. Cardinals killed them. So, but they are, they have the same record as the Cardinals. They have the same record as the Cardinals. I believe they have the same record as the Cardinals and the 49 ERs. The 49 ERs are on a by this week. So Yeah, they're, no, the Cardinals, sorry, are five and four and the Rams and the 49 ERs are four and Four.


Okay. So yeah. Okay. Let's take a break and then, or do you have anything else with the Commanders? No, I think it, it was just, it was a good clean game from Jayden and he, he's awesome. He's so fun. I love him so much. Yeah. I mean those, the one pass to the one, one of the two touchdown passes to Terry was Sick. Yeah. I think Terry had two touchdowns on two catches and like 19 yards Good efficient day from Terry. Oh, I remember what I wanted to ask you. Do you have a comment about the Commanders fan? Oh, the guy that fell down. That Was very funny. Yeah. My comment, my Comment is he's talking shit and then he just for people to, can we put it in, can we put it in the, the, can we play it real quick? Just, and then we'll put it in the show.


The, this guy was talking shit and then forgot that Gravity is not his friend. Well, I think there was a guy in front of him and he ded him up right here. Yeah. And then on the Dap, he falls forward. That was a killer. Dap Fucking, He just started rolling and he got up and he, you, you know, he is embarrassed when he, when he like ha he's like basically wedged at the bottom of the stairs and his first instinct is to look back and continue to talk shit. Yeah. It's good. Be like, yeah. What'd I say?


I thought he was gonna accuse the guy, like pushing him over. Yeah. It was very clear to him. Number one, I wanna commend this guy for having excellent pocket awareness and not showing any ass crack when he bent over. That's just, that's elite. That's, that's being situationally aware because I think most bigger guys would've had a little crack poking out. Yep. Number two, I'd like to abstain from future comic 'cause it's a, a good possibility that this is one of my friend's dads. I'm just going off vibes. I've been to, I've been to many Commanders games in my life where all my friend's dads looked exactly like this guy. Yeah. So I hope he's okay. Yeah. And he wasn't fighting anybody. He was No. It was a good fall. He was just Running his mouth. It's Good Fat guy fall. Okay. Let's take a break and do a couple ads and then we will get back to more games.


Yeah.


Before we get back to the games, they're brought to you by our great friends over at Gametime. Gametime is the place to go if you're trying to get into any NFL game. They've got the cheapest tickets and the best deals. More importantly, Hank, we got Monday Night Football coming up tonight. Can you look up Chief's Bucks tickets? Bucks Chief's tickets. You Can get in for as low as $62 PFT. I'm looking at a super deal right now. It's $114. It's row six, section 3 0 1. Basically looks like 50 yard line. Perfect. Perfect. So you can go check out Gametime if you're trying to get into that game. You know how much we love Gametime. They've got brand new Gametime picks. They're making it even easier to get into a game because Gametime picks. It filters out all the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. If you look at those Chiefs Bucks tickets right now, you can see amazing Gametime pick deals. Pull up your chosen event, turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or you can browse the best local Gametime pick steal near you on your Gametime Map homepage. So what are you waiting for? Go buy those Monday night football tickets right now with the Gametime picks. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with new Gametime picks. What time is it? It's Gametime.


These games are also brought to you by our good friends over at Uber Eats, where you can get almost anything if you're ordering wings for the game. If you're whipping up a seven layer dip or if you're ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See the app for details.


Okay. Next game. Chargers 27. Browns 10. So Jamis Winston didn't have a great game. I think that's fair to say. Three Picks. Three picks. He, he had his hundredth interception career interception. This is what you get. We can't be deterred. No. This is what happens. You're gonna have these, you're gonna have little bumps in the road with Jamis. We were flying too high after last week. This week come crashing down. That's just what you gotta take. The good with the bad. Today was bad. Last week was good. I Would like to step in real quick and and congratulate the haters on one thing. Yeah. The haters said that Jamis Winston shouldn't have won the game last week because the pass before the touchdown pass was the easiest interception of all time.


That just got dropped by Cal Hamilton. Right. The haters were right. Well, no they weren't right last week. 'cause then he did drop it. You gotta make the play. Yeah. Well the, the curse of Jamis is sometimes he just throws such a damn catchable ball. Yeah. That your receiver's gonna catch it or a cornerback's gonna catch it. I also Think he just loves playing football that he gets so excited. It's almost like he's, he just wants to play catch with anyone. Yeah. Whether it be on his team or the other team. You know, it's, it's sharing. Yeah. You're just like, he's at the park. He's got a ball. Anyone walks by, Hey, quick catch. Or if Yeah, if, if Jam goes to the park with a football and he sees kids, he's probably gonna be like, Hey, let's throw it around a little bit. He'll probably throw an easy interception.


Make the kid feel great. Right. That's just how he plays football. Right. He's spreading the, the joy of the game. Now, the Chargers defense is awesome. The Chargers defense still hasn't allowed 20 points I, or more than 20 points. I'm very high on the Chargers. I think they're a very co a competent football team, like top to bottom. They do have to figure out their offensive line a little, because I think Justin Herbert Cutt sack six times and they, they obviously have Rashaan Slater and Joe Alt and, but the Chargers like Justin Herbert is really fucking good at football. And because last year happened, I think we got off ev the national media maybe got off the scent a little bit. There was, he, he was one of those guys that got a little too, too much hype for not winning like playoff games too early.


So everyone then just zagged on him. Whereas like, he's always just been really good and he just needed a good coach behind him. And he's like, I mean, Quentin Johnson had a hundred yards today and, and Quentin Johnson's good at football again, lab McConkey, iss awesome. Like Joshua Palmer, I think is is is a top three receiver for him. It's not like he's throwing to the best receivers and he just is really, really good at football. And the Chargers defense is awesome. And they have, here's the thing with, and this is why it kills me, you know, we'll get to the Bears, but like the Harbaugh, why I love Harbaugh and why people are like, oh, you glaze Harb What Harbaugh does when you, when you get a guy like Jim Harbaugh, he gives your team an identity. The Chargers have an identity.


They play tough, hard football. And when you have an identity, you can win games. Like, that's huge. I I think a different way of saying that is also saying that the minor, the stupid mistakes, the weird ways that the Chargers have found to lose football games in like the last, i, I don't know, 15 years. Those tend to go away with a great coach like this because he gives you an identity and he gives you a belief. And then you start paying attention to all the, the details mean something to you. Right. Because you feel like you're a part of something that's bigger you feel. And, and so you do, like if you have a, a great teacher in school that connects with you and you enjoy that class, you're gonna try a little bit harder on every single assignment than you would for a teacher that you don't give a fuck about.


Right. And, and you go into a game and you're like, these coaches have a game plan for us to win this game. Yeah. We're gonna play good defense. We're gonna run the football. Like they, it just, they have an identity and they know how they want to play football games and how they want to dictate games. And that just goes such a long way in the NFL. And Yeah, I'm, I'm very high on the Chargers. I I think they're a, a good, like they are, if you look at, we were just talking about the Broncos. If you look at the, the a FC playoff picture and you take out the division winners and the Ravens, so that's the Chiefs, the bills, the Steelers, the Texans, and the Ravens. 'cause the Ravens are technically second right now in the, a FFC north.


There's those two spots left. And I think the Chargers are the, are one of those two spots. 'cause it's, it's between the Chargers, the Broncos, the Colts, the Bengals, and I'll even throw in the Jets for you memes. And out of those five teams, I think the Chargers are one of the two best of those five. Yeah. Their, their defense is so good. They've allowed the third fewest points per game by any team through eight games in the last 15 seasons. I don't think anyone has scored over 20 points on them this year. No. Yeah. Yeah. But the, the others that are in those, that top four of the, the best defenses in terms of scoring the others in that top four, they all made the playoffs and they all won at least 11 games. Yeah. So that's, they they are a legit team. And I think if you just take that great defense and then Herbert we know is a good quarterback.


He's just, he's just been abused. He's like a, a, a homeless animal Yeah. That now has its forever home. I think that if you can get, you know, 75% of how good Justin Herbert has been at his best in his career. Yeah. They're, they're a good team. They've got holes, they've got weaknesses. Yeah. Of course. They're not, I mean, they're not super explosive on offense. I think it's starting to get there in terms of like, they're starting to pass the ball more. Yeah. We talked about on Friday how his at Justin Herbert's past attempts have gone up the last few weeks. It's clear that they're like trying to let him rip it a little. Especially with guys getting healthier. But yeah, this is a, a solid fundamentally sound team. And what I expected them to do is beat a not fundamentally sound team in the Browns.


The Browns are definitely like they have to sell. Yeah. If they could sell anything, What are they gonna sell? Well, mal Mike Tannenbaum, did you see that on Get Up? No. Mike t Tannenbaum Former Jets gm. Former Jets gm. Yeah. Cargo Schwartz one Of the worst trade hypothetical trades I've ever seen in my entire life. I'm happy you didn't see this. 'cause I'm gonna tell it to you. Okay. And it was, it was so bad. He got laughed like in his face on Get Up. He got laughed in his face. By who? Everyone on the panel greenie. I, I don't know if Green was there that day. Here's what it's the Detroit Lions get Miles, Garrett.


Okay. Good trade for the Lions. The Browns get, I'll start with the least amount. Second round pick. Okay. I, I need to see what Miles Garrett's contract looks. Hold on, Hold on. That was the lease. That was the, the second round pick three first round picks. Okay. And Jamir Gibbs, That's, yeah, That was the trade he proposed. It was one of the worst trades proposed of all time. Who says of all time, who Says no? Who Says no? EE Everyone was like, dude, what are you? He's like, well, Jamir Gibbs is redundant to, to David Montgomery. He's like, have you watched the Lions game? The whole point is they have these guys that you cannot stop.


Like they're you, you can't take away one of them. The whole point is like, they have you, they have a Sonic and Knuckles. Does He have any, any connections to the Browns right now? Is he just trying to gas up Miles Garrett's trade value? I, I don't know what it was. It was, it was shocking. And it was, when I say everyone laughed, everyone laughed in his face and then everyone was like, this guy was the fucking gm. And he and he kept on saying like, when they were laughing in his face, oh, he, he kept on saying, but the Lions will win the Super Bowl. Yeah. I would say he was like, the Lions are gonna win the Super Bowl with Miles Garrett. But it's like, dude, you just, if they don't win the Super Bowl, you just gave up everything. Yeah. I would say that this is a great trade for the Browns a second round pick for Miles Garrett three first.


Yeah. But just a second on its own. Sounds like it's a pretty heavy price, right? Yeah. I don't know what his, how long has he signed for? He signed for three more years. Yeah, three more Years. Okay Then Yeah, second round. No, you don't have to give up a first round pick for Miles, Garrett. Yeah, I have. I was assuming that this was like maybe the last two years of his contract three That he he made that's like, I don't even know. It was such an insane thing and he just, he kept on being like, but they're gonna win a Super Bowl with Miles Garrett. Yeah. That's not, that's not a trade that's gonna Happen. So I don't even know how we got here. Oh. Because the Brown should trade Miles Garrett. They should trade. Yeah. If, if anybody wants any of their players just pay everyone's open. Yeah.


Just nobody's off limits. I get an interesting side about this game. Big Cat. Oh, okay. Teams in the NFL are now oh and two on the season when playing a Harbaugh brother just after beating a Harbaugh brother. Oh yeah. First Raiders. You remember that? Yep. Antonio Pierce. Yep. And I think that was the same thing where they, they both beat John and then Jim Veed his brother's loss. Yeah. So Jim is now two and oh, that's what he's doing on avenging losses for his brother. Do we have any more of these situations coming up? We actually do the Bengals have an opportunity to do just that over their next two games? Oh. So I think the Bengals, They might be doing it reverse. Who do the Bengals? No, no. The Bengals play the Ravens. Okay. Next week. And then they play the Chargers.


So if the Bengals beat the Ravens hammer, the Chargers. Yes. If, if the trend holds, you could also say that there's a trend that teams have played the Harbaugh brothers back to back weeks. Go one and one always go. They always go one. And Oh, they always win the first leg of it. Oh yeah. Yeah. I see what You're saying. So you would say Bengals? No. They always go one and one though. No, but they go one and Oh, in their first. In the first one. Yeah. Yeah. So they all, they always beat John and then lose to Jim. Got it. Got it. Okay. So it's A trend. So the Bengals win on Thursday Chargers. Yep. The next week. That is a trend. That's a, that's a pretty big sample size too. I do think that Jim Harbaugh sees a team beat his brother. He's like, Fuck these guys. Without a doubt. He absolutely does.


Especially 'cause even though John is older, Jim is, Yeah, Jim, he deputized Himself as being Jim. Jim definitely has slipped up and said, my baby brother John. I, yeah, I I bet you, I bet you Jim has signed permission slips for John in the past. He's John definitely once a year has to be like, you know, I'm older than you. Right? Like, I am older than you. He is right. Yeah. Okay. See, I'm, I'm, 'cause like he's not Yeah, Jim is older. Jim's a big brother. Jim is, Jim is big brother vibes. He's, he's an ultimate big Brother. Vibes. But see, John Harbaugh Is, I think John, You, you're Right. I think John a couple years older, right? John's the older One. But I'm looking But Jim is older.


Jim is the older brother. 62. John is 62. And how old is Jim? And then Jim is, It doesn't matter. 60. Yeah. Yeah. But Jim's older. Yeah. We got it. Next time we have him on, we gotta say ask him that. I, Jim, definitely a little bros, John. Yeah. We gotta we gotta do like one of those trick ones where it's like, you know, where you're like, what is this? You know, what's the color? What's that color? White? What's that color? White. And then what do cows drink? Milk. Then you fuck up and say, cows drink milk. We gotta do that with him. I just, What's, you just fucked me up when you said that. Yeah. You can fuck people up with that. The, we gotta be like, what's older? Like older or younger. And then just get 'em to be like, yeah, I'm older than him.


Yeah. He would Set. He absolutely would. Okay. Next game. Bengals 41, Raiders 24. Are the Bengals back or do they play the Raiders? I think they're both. Joe Burrow was awesome. I think They're both back and also played the Raiders because Joe had a, Joe Burrow had a great quote after the game because he didn't look happy during this game. No, he is pissed. He had five touchdowns, right? He Did have a pick six. He had a pick six, five touchdowns. And he looked, he looked pissed the entire game. Even when they were scoring, when they were winning after the game, he looked pissed off. He said, if we don't score a touchdown on a drive, I'm not gonna be very happy for the rest of the year. So he is He's flipped the switch. Yeah, he's flipped the switch. Five five touchdowns.


He's flipped the switch. He, yeah, he's, he's gonna be hard on himself. Hard on everyone else. And Trey Hendrickson had a great game too. Trey Hendrickson Had four sacks. Chase Brown had a great game. It was crazy that he, he threw five touchdowns, none of them to Jamar Chase. Yeah. And the Bengals, they needed this game. Joe Burrow also like watching Joe Burrow play. He is the definition of like, his ability to scramble inside the pocket is so goddamn good. Where it's like he's not the most athletic guy. He's not gonna beat you with his feet, but he does beat you with your feet. His feet. You know what I mean? He'll, you know what I'm saying? He'll, he'll start escaping to the right and then when he's halfway to the sidelines, find a guy Keep plays going.


Yeah. Yeah. Where it's like he's never gonna run, but he's just gonna keep the play alive for those extra few seconds that always end up in a completion. But yeah, the Raiders are one of the saddest teams out there right now because we had yet again, Antonio Pierce, just Frustratingly bench. Gardner Michu for Desmond Ritter. So this is, I think two, two times now that he's just not for injury. Just like, I'm sick of you. Gardner, get outta here. What, what did you expect? He's just hoping, he's just, He's Gardner Michu. Like I love Gardner Michu, but like you can't go into a game with Gardner Michu as your starter and be like, this is gonna be awesome. He's Just hoping that the next guy that he puts in is gonna be electric.


Like putting in Desmond Ritter. And you think that you're gonna get his last year at Cincinnati. Desmond Ritter. Yeah. Yeah. So the Raiders are think ass Ass. They say that hope isn't a strategy. I think for the Raiders it is. Yeah. Not working. I think They've reached the point where it's just like, I hope that a OC is gonna be good when I put him in. I hope that Gardner's gonna be good once I've benched him already. I hope that Desmond Ritter somehow is good now. Yeah. And it's not, it's never gonna happen. No, it's never gonna happen. By the way, A OC Yeah, he's, he's hurt, right? Yep. He hurt his, I saw a very funny, someone tried to make the argument. What year was Aid O'Connell drafted?


I wanna say it was 22. Was it the, oh, it was 2023 NFL draft. Someone pointed out, wait, I'm gonna pull it up. Oh, it was after CJ Stroud had a bad Thursday night game and someone was like, isn't it crazy that eight O'Connell's the best quarterback for this draft class? Because it was like, it's like CJ Stroud, Bryce Young, Anthony Richardson. I don't know who will Levi will Levi O'Connell. Yeah. Obviously it was a joke because CJ Stroud is very good. Hen and Hooker. Jake Haner, Stetson Bennett, Clayton Tune, DTR, Sean Clifford, Jaron Hall, max Duggan, and then Aiden O'Connell.


Was he the best? Was he the best quarterback in that track? There Was one thing you said that was like the fifth or sixth J Jake Hanner. Yeah. Jake Hanner. No, not him. No. Who's before him? Let's see. Clayton Tune. Definitely not him. Was it him? Hen And Hooker? Yeah. Hen Hooker. Yeah. He might be good. Stetson Bennett, we don't know. Oh, DTR. He's played a little, I don't think Henon Hooker is lost a game that he's been in. That's facts. That's facts. But yeah, the Raiders are just so sad. They're, it's crazy how many teams are really, really bad This like this early too. Because like you said, what was the stat? Nine teams are two wins, Nine teams have two wins, nine Teams have two wins in week nine. It feels like at least usually like three or four of those teams would have three wins.


Which fe I know it sounds crazy to say, but two and six versus three and five is a big fucking difference. It Is Two having two wins right now is I can't believe that it's possible for nine teams to have two wins. Yeah. They're just really, really bad teams. Yeah, we were right. Yeah. When we were talking about we did the ass List. Yeah, we did the ass list. So yeah, the Raiders are asked and the Bengals are maybe Ba, the Bengals, it's all comes down to the next three weeks. They play the Ravens, the Chargers and the Steelers. Yeah. That's if they can go, if they can survive that stretch two in one, I think they can be in the A playoff team. If they go one in two, then we're talking about you literally cannot lose another game.


That that, that's really what it comes down to. And that that Thursday night game against the Ravens gonna be awesome. Yeah. Very, very excited for that game. It's nice having a big matchup on Thursday. Yes. Very, very nice. And then we followed up with Eagles Commanders the week after. Wow. Which that one's gonna be a must watch stream Perm. Perm bet. Perm bet. Okay, next up. Bengals back. I'm gonna say Bengals back. Yeah. I The Bengals could be back. They could be back. I still don't know if they're back. If they beat the Ravens, they're officially a hundred percent back. I never really stopped believing that the Bengals could be back potentially. But there's just so many things they can't fuck up. Even once. I think when we set, when they lost to the Ravens, I think we looked ahead And we were like, there's a very good chance that when they play the Ravens next it will be to get back to 500.


Yeah. Which would obviously be huge if they get to five and five. 'cause then I feel like if you get to five and five, then a little bit of the pressure comes off where it's like, Hey, we don't have to win every single game down the stretch. Yep. Okay. Panthers 23 Saints 22. Holy shit. There's a lot of in this game, let's start with the crazy stat. Bill Barnwell said the Saints ain't Outgained The Panthers by 150 plus yards ran for 150 plus yards and won the turnover battle. Last battle last 20 years, teams were 275 and oh doing that now 275 and one the Saints ran the ball down their throat. Bryce Young was not terrible.


And the Panthers end up winning this game. Good for the Panthers. Every single person that's ever been associated with the Saints decided to take to Twitter and and tweet about this X and it's like X do com, The Everything. Yeah. And it's lit like fires everywhere. Yeah. For the New Orleans Saints right now. Michael Thomas during the game, During the game, Michael Thomas went off. Do you want, do you have the tweets in front of you? I don't Have, I don't have slant men's tweets in front of me. I've got some other ones though. Okay. Yeah, we had, so Michael Thomas, we'll pull those up. We had Chris a lave get another concussion, which sucked and he got carted off. His brother was giving updates and was like, my brother's awake and responsive at the hospital.


Like, everything's good. Then someone said, so he said, bro just called, he's up and active. A guy quotes you and said, might be time to have that. Is it worth it? Talk. And Joshua Lavy wrote back, ain't Worth it in Nola, I'll tell you that. Mm. So that's not good. We also had, who was it? Oh, Colleen Saunders took to Twitter and he said, fans say, keep losing so we can get number one pick. Hell throw me in a qb. Shit. Let's have something fun to watch. Mo Motherfuckers is Cheekbones. Shake my head, new Orleans, you all deserve better. My only goal is to finish above 500 at this point.


Cheekbones, Cheekbones. And then someone said, damn bro, so are we last or, or y'all. And he said, well That wasn't, I don't think that was someone, I think that was, that Was Lonnie Johnson. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Lonnie Johnson Jr. Said, are we last or you all? Yep. And he said, Lonnie brother, shut your weak ass up. We will both be in Cabo January 10th. I know. We ain't in no last place argument. This is absurd. Yeah. Cam Jordan also tweeted, we just lost to the Panthers. And then JC Horne replied, dude, we got the same record. Yeah. Like that. That says it all right there. The Saints thought that they were above the Panthers and they're not. They're not. They're not at all. And then there's, they've Lost seven in a row.


There's another Saunders tweet that's very funny too. He said, if that was a College Bowl game, that motherfucker would've been called the Continental Doodoo Bowl. We just lost the Continental Doodoo Bowl. Oh Shit. So here's what Michael Thomas said, continental Doodoo Bowl. The Continental Doodoo Bowl. That's a great one. Michael Thomas said they fired all them coaches trying to cover his flaws up. He's still doing the same shit. This is about Derek Carr. Oh no, he, it started with Derek Carr For you. I've been told you're all shit sad. This is after Chris Avi gets injured. Dude's scary and panic and just throw the ball. Get him the fuck outta here. So ass. That year his buddy went first team All Pro in 2022, he needed 180 targets just to catch a hundred passes he's ass on.


My granny dude tried to lie and say I was jealous of them making Chris wide receiver one whole time. He can't even get him a decent ball. He need his ass whooped. And they fired all them coaches trying to cover his flaws up. Still doing the same shit. I feel bad for Derek Carr. Derek Carr had to answer to this in the, in the post game press conference. He answered it just like you thought Derek Carr Woody's like, I don't know why he hates me. I've tried to reach out to him. It sucks. Like I, it just sucks. But yeah, that was a full meltdown of everyone in the Saints world while the Saints lost to the Panthers. Yeah. It was tough. I did feel bad for, for Derek k too. I also saw this stat from Josh Dubbo.


He put out a list of the most losses as a starting quarterback through Four Seasons. It's David Carr. Mm. Through five seasons. It's David Carr. Mm. Through six seasons. It's David Carr through Seven Seasons. It's Derek Carr. Oh no. Through eight seasons. Derek Carr, nine Seasons. Derek Carr, 10 Seasons, 10 Derek Carr. And then 11 Seasons where we're at right now. Derek Carr and Archie Manning. Oh wow. Are Tide. So with one more loss then that becomes Shit. Derek Carr as well. Derek Carr also is the first quarterback to start in losses. Verse 31 NFL teams. He plays the Raiders on 1229.


Okay. I saw the stat and I looked up the other quarterbacks that are on that list. And you pretty much have to be like a, a good quarterback to be on that list or Have played forever. Yeah. You played, you've played forever. You play forever. You start forever Flaco on that list. Okay. At 30. And I believe Flaco has the opportunity to lose to one of the two teams that he hasn't lost to yet. Okay. If you look at the col schedule, so he might get to 31 maybe, But Derek Carr has Derek Car, a big game against the Raiders on December 29th. But they are the Raiders. They are the Raiders, but They're the Saints. They're the saint. The the Saints are no longer above anyone. I just Did it. Yeah. I just did the Cam Jordan real time. I'm happy that that Bryce Young got a win.


Yeah. Like that was good. He had a, he had a really, he hit a competent game. He had a nice, he didn't light it on fire, but he had a competent game, which is a big step up from what we saw last, last year in the beginning of this year. Yeah. He had a couple nice passes to Xavier Legette. Yeah. They're, they're a very young team at Wide Receiver now. He looked like he had fun. Yeah. And good, good for the Panthers. I, This is, I mean, you have to, you have to be happy for the Panthers and their fans because being on that team has to be just like hell. So even winning one game just for a week to be able to be like, shit, we can actually smile for a week in the building. Yeah. This is fun.


And just know that the Saints, what Cam Jordan tweeted out, that's what all the Saints thought about you. Yeah. They thought that they were five times better than the Panthers were. And they're not as an organization. They're not, they're, they're maybe, I'm not gonna say the biggest bummer in the NFL, but they're definitely in the top four bummers in the NFL just in terms of watching the team. Because you, you recognize everything about the Saints. They've got so many guys that have been on that team for so long. But it's like when you see the, the commercials with all the guys from the office on it and you're like, well I recognize all those guys from that TV show that I used to, like they're doing a commercial together, but it's not the same. They're old, they're not those same characters anymore. That's what the Saints are right now. They're just a, a collection of, of guys that used to be good together eight years ago.


Yeah. Right. They're just, And they're not gonna change. Right. They, they're wear the same uniform. They're some of the same names, but they're not like, I wouldn't be shocked if Jimmy Graham suited up at some point this year for the Saints. Right. Would that, would that blow your mind? No, Not at all. Yeah, it would not. Not even close. Yeah. He actually should. He absolutely should. But yeah, the, the Saints, whew. It's Dennis Allen is the, I was looking it up. He's now 26 and 52 as a head coach. And there's only two head coaches in history who have coached as many games as he has with the worst losing percentage. He's the third worst NFL head coach of all time. And how, who were those other guys?


They were, let's see. Yeah, pull it up. He, he's so, so bad. I don't know how he's still in employed. Yeah. It makes no sense. Salary Cap doesn't count against coaches. You can move on from a coach. So it is, let's look this up. Coaches records, if I use sort by win win-loss percentage, I believe so. Dennis Allen is 16th worst coach just based on win-loss percentage. And then the only coaches who have coached more games than him with a worse recorders Marian Campbell who has 34 and 80 all time coaching record.


And then you had Joe Bugle. Joe Bugle was 24 and 56. He, if he loses a couple more games, he will be the worst coach of all time. It's crazy. He's so, so bad. Joe Bugle great offensive line coach. Yeah. It's, it's, it's shocking that Dennis Allen is, I don't know how he still has, I mean I guess I do know how he still has a job, but I don't know how he Still, I don't really know. I think it's really because he's so unremarkable. Yeah. I don't get it. Like if they Went to fire him, they'd be like, what does he look like again? Yeah. I, I don't understand. I have not seen anything re redeemable about Dennis Allen since he's taken over as the coach of the Saints.


If Dennis Allen walked by you, you on the street, would you notice? Okay. I thought, I don't think so. I've thought this about Zach Taylor. Yeah. But I think, I know, I think I would know Zach Taylor at this point. Kevin O'Connell. Kevin O'Connell would, he's tall. If, if Zach Taylor wasn't, if he was wearing like, I dunno, like a sweater and khakis and no hat. And then if Dennis Allen was wearing a sweater, khakis no hat. They walked past me. I don't think I recognize either one of them. If Mincy brought Dennis Allen into this office but didn't tell us it was Dennis Allen. I don't think I would know If he told you it was the quarterback coach of Ole Miss. Yeah. If he was or he is like, this is a friend from the south. Yeah.


I'd be like, oh, nice to meet you. He'd be like, hi, I am Dennis. I like, wait what? Yeah. Dennis. Dennis Allen. Worst coach of all time. Yeah. Get out. Holy shit. Okay, next up. Hank last early game Titans 20 Patriots. 17. Your thoughts Drake may play decent. The to the touchdown drive to tie the game was good And the, the the last touchdown specifically like Yeah. Yeah. He was running scrambling Forever. Yeah. Extended. That was a good, you know, end of game rep for him to get and to be successful. And so that was good to see.


Interceptions weren't great, especially in overtime. He kind of said afterwards though, you know, the best play sometimes just throw it incomplete. Try to be a hero. Didn't work out. We're back at the top of the Tanka hon. Tanka Hon. Love it. You are Nice. So in that way it's a win Draft tomorrow. Who do you take Shado? I feel like you gotta take the best player in college Football. Travis Hunter. Yeah. Yeah. Travis Hunter. That's a good point. That's a really good Point is you get two players for one with him. It's tremendous value. So Travis Hunter, Christian Gonzalez. Are you well, would you, Travis Hunter can catch. Yeah, but I'm saying defensively, like that'd be Unstoppable. Yeah. Yeah. Are are you, are you now saying that the Patriots are sellers at the trade deadline?


Because I know that you were towing that line between buying and selling. No, those are reports that I never understood. Yeah. So yeah, I would definitely say we're sellers. I don't know. But what would You sell? Yeah. I don't, we could probably give away all of our wide receivers for like a bag of donuts. Okay. Box of donuts. Ram, Andre, Ram. I mean, he played, well. He scored our only two touchdowns. I I don't really know what we'll sell. I don't know. Someone, I saw another report that was like, people teams are asking about Gonzalez. That would be Insane. That would be crazy. A young great player like that. You can't do that. Yeah. Don't get rid of him. You can't do that. That's all you got Titans. I can't quit the Titans.


'cause their defense is good. Are they good or did they play the Patriots? No, They've actually been statistically very good this year and very good. I mean, relatively for a two win team. Yeah. They're like a top 10 defense statistically. Yeah. I mean, you guys were giving me shit for it. This game fell under the category of like, this game was not exciting to watch. No. It was a terrible game to Watch. No, it was, it was fun. At the very end. I needed Drake to have over 200 yards passing. So that was Intense. It was weird watching you watch it. Intense. But, and you were like, it was like you had no care about the actual outcome, which I, you, I mean, you, you wanna lose. But it was weird watching that you're just like, I just want him to pass it.


And then when we went to overtime, you're like, don't screen pass. Well, Yeah, I didn't want to to a situation. Yeah. There, there was a moment where it was actually right after Drake May's interception. Hank was just like, yes. Like quietly. Like it's over. He's not gonna throw a screen pass. It's gonna go for negative yards. But I mean, Hank But you're tanking so that's okay. Yeah. Yeah. Hank has a good loss. Hank is being logical when it comes to his team. I think a lot of times us as fans, we're not lo logical. Like last year I was, I was rooting for Washington to win every game going down the stretch that they end up losing. I'm very glad that we lost those games. You should not, it makes sense to root for your team to lose when they're in a position like this. Yeah. So Hank is very clearheaded about that.


Especially given how there's so many shitty teams right now. Like every loss matters. Hank Yeah, it was a good loss. This Was actually A great loss. Exciting fun to watch loss. This was maybe the best loss 'cause it was against a team that had one win. Drake may makes the Patriots watchable. Definitely. We told you when he, he got in when you were like, I don't want him to play. We're like, no, you do want him to play because it makes it so that there's actually something to watch. And the reason was 'cause the offensive line, I didn't realize how bad our wide receivers were. Yeah. Past two weeks have been shocking. Can't catch. So this did break the combo or the trend of teams that just got done playing the Lions stinking the next week. But the Patriot's covered, covered the Spread.


So That's, that's what really matters. That was huge. That's it. That's all you got. I, is there something I'm missing? Like No, I don't think so. It was a very boring game. Game. Should have more. What Do you think? What do you think about your No, I I don't think he should. Tell me about Mayo. How, how'd Mayo do today? Was he boisterous? He should have gone for two. There's something. Yeah, let's talk about that. Should have gone for two. You're, you're a one win team or two win team. You're on the road. You score an insane touchdown to, to get with him one with time gone. Like it was literally zeros on the clock. Why wouldn't you just go for two? Yeah. I I I don't disagree. Like It's just I at this point, like He's coaching scared, But just try to win the game right there.


Well That maybe he wasn't trying to win the game. You're right. Think about It that way. But I, yeah, I would've gone for two there. There's, there's no reason not to go for two there. It just, it like, just fuck it. Yeah. And the game on the field. Yeah. Keep the momentum. Keep The momentum. Exactly. Okay. Yeah, I mean the Titans are a tough watch. Mason Rudolph makes them somewhat competent offensively. Is Is Levi actually hurt or is this a, I think it might be, we're gonna go with Mason because we think we're gonna say that Will Levi is banged Up. We don't want the whole team to revolt right now. Yeah. Might be one of those, might be one of those. 'cause he, he definitely brings competency to Them.


Yeah. That They didn't have. He brings a little bit of, a little bit of Boringness. Definitely Boringness. And you have a good defense. So, But like I, but I mean that in, in a good way. Yeah. Like a stable guy. Yeah. He's the guy that is, I I'm gonna settle down with this guy. Yeah. Okay. Let's do the afternoon games before we do that PFT you have two more ads and we'll do the afternoon games


Before we get back to more games. They're brought to you by our good friends over at Thorn Thorn's got a wide range of highly effective nutritional supplements that are made to promote and maintain your health goals throughout all of your life stages. Thorn is backed by science. It takes a personalized approach to optimizing your health and wellness. Teaming up with leading medical professionals to develop their products. They've got over a hundred products to provide whatever lifestyle support you may need. Part of my take, we're big fans that are creatine hank's on creatine. The amino complex is really, really nice. It's a combination of thorn's, exclusive and bestselling products all formulated for athletes available on their website. It's not just us who love them. Thorn supplements are trusted by millions, including professional sports teams and celebrities. I'm a big fan of Thorn's amino complex. I like to use it before a workout. If I'm getting on the Peloton, takes some amino complex hitting the gym, hit that amino complex and their creatine is excellent as well. Hank, you agree? I love it. Yeah. Yeah. I use It every day. You're, I mean, we, we joke about Hank and his, his quest to possibly never dunk, but Hank's looking good. Hank, you're looking right. Thanks dude. Yeah. It must be that creatine. It's that thorn. It's that thorn. You can get athletic support or just support for any kind of lifestyle@thorn.com. That's T-H-O-R-N e.com. T-H-O-R-N e.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


These games are also brought to you by NASCAR and the Daytona 500, the adrenaline and the daytone. Daytona 500 is something you have to experience in person. Nothing like witnessing the stars of NASCAR. Battle for position, going 200 miles per hour on this 2.5 mile Speedway 40 drivers competing against amongst the likes of Chase Elliot, Ryan Blaney, Denny Hamlin, our guy Ross Chastain and Bubba Wallace, as they try to make their mark to start a historic NASCAR season. You won't want to miss this once in a lifetime sporting event. Purchase your tickets today for the 2025 Daytona five hundred@daytonafivehundred.com. Daytona five hundred.com. That seems like a bucket list sporting event to go to Daytona 500. Yes. I would love to go at some point. Daytona five hundred.com. Get your tickets today.


Okay. Cardinals 29, Bears nine. So if I assume everyone listening right now probably follows us all on Twitter, but if you don't, I had to go to the ER on Saturday because I have kidney stones. So I was in intense, intense pain. I was actually pulling into the zoo with my kids and I, my whole body locked up and I was sweating profusely and my stomach felt like it was an explode and my back hurt. So I went to the ER on Saturday, spent like two hours at the er, had a scan. They told me I have four kidney stones. One that's currently passing through my body.


I've been in just intense pain. Woke up in intense pain this morning, been taking pain pills, just pissing nonstop. All that said, have you passed any stones? I have not yet. We're we're, we're working on one real bad. But all that said, as bad as going to the ER is and all the pain I'm in and kidney stones is some of the worst pain ever. That was not even close to the worst part of my weekend because this game, watching this game was by far and away the worst part of my weekend. And this team has quit. And Matt Ebra fleece is a loser. And he needs to be fired, which he won't be because the Bears will never fire a coach in the middle of the season.


They have been around for a hundred plus years. They have never fired a coach in the middle of a season. This team quit. It's an utter disaster. Lifeless garbage. Matt or Matt Iber is a, a, a loser, just full-blown loser. He has, he is. Oh and 18 on Sundays on the road. That's, that was a crazy stat when I saw that Dave took, took my breath away. He has won three road games in the last three years at the Commanders on Thursday night Football at the Patriots on Monday Night Football. And then he beat the Vikings on Monday Night Football. He is oh and 18 on the road on Sundays.


He's never won a s Matt Na, Matt, Matt Nay. They're all the same by the way. They're all the same. Matt, nay, mark, Treman, Matt, John Fox, they're all the same. Matts they, they just fucking, all they do is hire just fucking pussy head coaches that are just, can be bossed around and they suck and they just don't, they're not leader of men. Matt Iber Flu has never gotten on a plane with his team on a Sunday being like, Hey, we, we feel good. I guess they did beat the Jaguars that was technically a home game in London. On London. Yeah. But the, think about that. He's never gotten on a plane on a, on a Sunday. Been like, great win boys never happened.


That's insane. It's crazy. Oh, and 18. It, that's a huge sample size too. It's, he's a loser. I agree with you. Matt. Matt Nay scar. Sorry. Matt Eber, Flues. They're all the same Loser. He's a loser. He, I Give, he knew he was a loser. I've known he is been a loser. But I was like, listen, I'm gonna trust Ryan Polls. Like whatever, you're gonna have to go with this. I, I had these problems last year, but it was like, fuck it, we're all in. We're gonna just do it with Matt. Ever flu. He got a fucking haircut. He went on hard knocks. He got funked up. Shout out to our guy. Funky actually is legit. Matt ifu is a fucking loser though. He's a loser amongst losers. And he, he's just perfect for this Bears organization that's run by losers and they're not serious.


And it's just so depressing to be back at this spot. Credit to Matt Iber flues though. You almost Said Naked again. I almost did credit to Matt Ebra fleece. He did say that's on me again this week. Yeah. So after that, Well, no, he didn't say that last week. He said that one. It starts with me After he got bullied. Say, say it after he got bullied. Say he didn't say it for three days. Okay. So just like, he didn't improvement. Just like he didn't make a decision on Tyreek Stevenson for three days. So, and basically got bullied into benching him. And then that became a whole Story. And then Tyreek Stevenson bullied him for benching him. It, The guy can't make a decision. So, but he did, he did take responsibility for the play right. Before halftime this week.


That was the quit play. It was the quit play. And he said that one was on me hand up. I called a past defense and left us exposed to that run. Does that show that he's learning not only because he's able to take responsibility so much faster and then also does it show that he is learning because at the end of a half, instead of trying to give up or letting the other team have those easy 10 yards Yeah. To put them in Hail Mary position, he played a pass defense. Yeah. So he adjusted from what he did last week and then got absolutely torched on a run this week. He's so bad. He's bad. He's so bad. He's Bad. I I don't want to, I'm not saying I told you so to you Big Cat, but I knew he was bad, but I had to go with it.


But what are you gonna do? No, I'm, I know you did. I'm saying that the Bears are idiots for keeping morale. Yeah. No shit. I knew that. But once they made the decision, I wanted, who was at the front of the line trying to get Jim Harbaugh. I made shirts for it. Jim Harbaugh would've changed everything about this franchise. Yeah. And a but they would never bring an alpha in Who would command the, the, the would would walk into house Hall and be everyone's boss and after you, they wouldn't let that happen. A after your team makes a decision to bring him back. You can't just be like, fuck Matt Ebra flus for the next like nine months. You gotta just basically be like, hope this works out. Yep. And then knowing all too well that you'll end up exactly at this spot where it's like, get this fucking guy outta my life. Get Shane Waldron outta my life.


Listen, I like Ryan Polls for what he is done for this roster. But if he stays loyal to Matt Ebra fleece, that is a, a insane, insane indictment on on his decision making. 'cause already we're, we're looking at the offensive line that is just so, so I mean, I know people are gonna want me to bash Kle Williams not changing on Kle Williams. Could Kle Williams get ruined by what's happening with Matt Flu in this offensive line? Absolutely. I'm not changing on Kle Williams the offensive line. The the Arizona Cardinals have no, they have no pass rush. They had twice this entire season. They had three sacks or more in a game. They had three Saxon, three consecutive plays today. Yeah. That was a bad drive.


That's how fucking bad. This offensive line, this play calling Shane Waldron goes into every game with just like, it feels like he's going on vibes. Yeah. There's just no rhyme or reason. I mean, I knew we were fucked once Montez Sweat was out before the game, but the defense got gash finally. And I think that was the, that was the point where it's like for the first part of the season, even last half of last year, you could at least hang your hat on. Matt Ebra flu is doing a great job with the defense. The defense has turned around and been an elite defense for, like I said, the last half of last year. First half of this year, they've been a top 10 unit today. They quit today, they quit. And you saw it all week with all the, the, the people, you know, Jalen Johnson and, and Byard and Cole Ment all saying like, Hey, we, we got even Kale Williams.


Like we gotta be a player led team essentially saying we don't have a coach. Yeah. And Matt, Matt fl got lucky too at the end of this game because Caleb should not have been in for that last series. Such a fucking moron loser piece of shit. And, and Caleb, he went down awkwardly. I think it was the last play of the game. But it could have been a lot worse. Yeah. It could have been like Fireball on the, like if they, if they didn't fire Matt Ebra flu, if he got his quarterback injured in a game like this, then they're just never gonna fire the guy. It would've been like the worst coaching decision of the year in the NFL. They just, yeah. They, they played like, they played soft. They played, they stick quit. They look afraid. They look lost. The, the Cardinals and credits.


The Cardinals. Cardinals I think are like, they're a good team. Kyler didn't even have to be Hero Kyler today. Five. Right. They just ran the ball down our throat. He made the plays when he needed to make, but it wasn't like Kyler had to run around and make incredible plays. They just, they just lined up and just beat us At the first half. They were running the football down your throat, Down our throat. The next gen stats 16 different Cardinals got a pressure against the Bears on Sunday. The Cardinals had a 26.6% pressure rate going into the game. They pressured Caleb Williams on 46% of his dropouts. You Say 16 Cardinals. 16 Cardinals. That's so Hard to do.


They, they're like pulling guys off the bench being like, Hey, you wanna get a pressure? Go ahead. Just get in the game. 46.6% pressure rate. That's Gotta be the most amount of players to get a, a pressure in an NFL game. Right. Since 2018. Only only in those six years. Yeah. That seems just insane to me. It's, it, it's just an all out disaster. I am so, so like, I'm sick. It was, if we didn't have to stream the game, I would've turned the game off because it was such a gross, gross watch. And the team has quit and Mad Fu has to go, has to go. They will not fire him in the middle of the season. 'cause the McCaskey run the fucking organization like it's 1925 and it doesn't fucking matter to them.


And And we will probably hire another weenie as a head coach. I'll, I'll get my hopes up that it's Ben Johnson and then we'll be like, oh, you know, the defensive coordinator for the fucking Panthers did a pretty good job this year. Let's hire him. Yeah. Oh fuck this. You know. Oh, did you see the, the offense for, you know, the, the offense for the fucking, I don't even know, like the cowboy, oh, the Cowboys offense actually turned around at the end of the year. Let's, let's hire the offensive court. Like what? It's so stupid. You know what, you know who's good on tv? Jason Garrett. Let's, let's get him back. It's fucking, I I literally like daydream about what it would be like if Jim Harbo was the coach of this team because this team has talent and they just are just so, so poorly coached and we're just right back in the same bullshit.


And Kle Williams deserves better. And I convinced myself it was gonna be different because I, what am I supposed to do? I'm an idiot fan and I convinced myself it's gonna be different every year. And it's the same shit. You Just gotta worry. You, you alluded to it, but gotta worry about them breaking Caleb. Oh, Absolutely. It's, I it was a concern after the Texans game. It's now Defcon like red, like whatever defcon you do. 'cause I, I'm convinced it's gonna happen Now. There was a moment during a play where Caleb was running around with a ball and he, he shrugged and threw his arms up like, what the fuck am I supposed to do during a play as he's scrambling. And at that point you're like, this guy is, he's teetering right now. It's just, they, they suck and they're always gonna suck because the owners are gonna always do the same shit and it's just gonna be the same fucking shit over and over and over.


And I don't know why I get excited. I shouldn't have ever gotten excited. I feel like an idiot, but yeah, I just mad was a loser. Get him out. Bill Belichick, Josh McDaniel. Bill Belichick doesn't like K Williams. You've told me that he bashed him on the inside. The NFL Mike Vrabel. Now that's a name, that's A, that's a Man, that's a man who would come in and stuff all these fucking losers in a locker and be like, this is how we're gonna play football. You Need the, you need the guru offensive coordinator too though. I think I, I agree with that. Ben Johnson is, I'm going to, I'm gonna make a little dream board and every night I'm gonna kiss it. I'm gonna kiss Ben Johnson on the lips and be like, please Ben, come and save the franchise.


What About this, what about a mix of what Hank's talked about? What about RAs? Head coach, Josh McDaniel's oc That's fine. Mike Vrabel would, would, would be the most competent coach since Lovey I mean, that's the other thing is like, you look at what the Bears have had for the Mark Trestman, John Fox, Matt Nay met Ebra Flu. They kicked, they kicked Lovey to the curb. I he understand time. Whatever. It runs crazy. He won 10 games and he's, and we've been searching for that competency since. And you get one blip that's all the Brayers franchise does. One blip every now and then Lightning in a bottle 2018. Oh shit. This might be something they don't give a fuck Ryan Day.


Fuck Ryan Day. No. If you could play Penn State every week, I'd take Ryan Day. You know what, you know, you know who they're gonna get. You know who they're gonna get. They're gonna get stinking Riley and that's gonna suck. Reunite him. Yeah. They're gonna get stinking Riley. He's gonna, he's gonna bolt from USC and that's going to, that's gonna be a disaster. We're gonna, and he's gonna, he's gonna get Kle Williams playing good football and that defense is gonna erode and it's gonna just be like, the Bears will then flip into a team that scores a lot and has the worst defense in the NFL. What Would you say if this happened? You'd prefer that though, over this?


Yeah. I just want, I, I just want a a, I want to go into a game being like, we gotta, we got a head coach that, that could out coach the other side. Hasn't happened in a long ass time. What would you think Big Cat if the Cowboys fired Mike McCarthy? No, I, who does win games? But no, I can't, I've said too many things. You've Said a lot Of things. I've said way too many things. That would be the funniest outcome For You? For me personally? Yeah. Alright. Jason Garrett would be funny too. Season's over. They're not gonna the playoffs, obviously, they might not even beat the Patriots next week. 'cause this is quit watch. This is full on Quit watch. And then they play everyone in the NFC North.


We're gonna get our teeth kicked in every single week. We have a bet. We play the Lions on Thanksgiving. We Have a mayors bet between Big Cat and Hank. No, I, I This team makes me sick. No, I, because they quit. They, they could've quit. I think that that first half end of first half was a quit play. And I think this team thinks they, I think they know deep down they have a shit head coach who's a loser. And once, once the team knows that, like I said, the defense was the last to know because he was a, he is a good defensive coach. But once the defense figures it out, it's over. It's over. Whose line is it anyway for Patriots at Bears?


Oh, at Bears. Bears. They've got the longest home winning streak in the NFL. I think we're probably four and a half point favorites. Maybe five, I think. I think big cat's right? I think it's somewhere in between four And five Bears minus seven. You guys are good. Oh wow. Yeah. You're good. Wow. I'm just so down on this team. I don't know what else to say. I'm so sad. I'm so stupid. And all the sickos and perverts are so happy that they get to see this. But if the true sickos and perverts should know it, this is not the, the the best way for this to happen. Yeah. Oh, you wanted it to be more perverse, more No, I mean the, the true Sickos.


Yeah. You wanted it to be really, They wanted, they want really sick. They Want you Are you speak for the sickos and perverts? Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. You are a, you are number one sicko in Pervert. Like, we need, we needed, we needed you higher before you got this low. Right? 'cause I only got, I only got Jaguars four and two. Yeah. Yeah. That was it. That was, that was the, that was the peak Hang the banner beat a terrible Jaguars team to go four to Like, we needed hope for, we needed games that maybe were for playoff spots. I Didn't at the minimum, but I, Okay. So I never, It's going the season. It was like, Yeah, but I, are we Gonna one the Super Bowl? No, no, no, no. Doing it for a wild coming No. I might've said some crazy shit over the summer, but I've been very clear.


I even said, I think last week, I think be, I think last week and two weeks ago, I was like, if they don't go four and one in this stretch, which they didn't, there's no chance at the playoffs. So I knew this like this, the, the back half of the Bears schedule is a gauntlet. We're not winning games against the Vikings, the Packers and the Lions. So you, you're, that's revisionist. I'd said, I think I said last week, we're not gonna the playoffs when PFT said that we, Well, last week obviously. Well, We were still four and three. Yeah, but I was talking about before the season. Yeah. I, so you're right. Summertime. I do get crazy. I'm sorry that I care about football in the summer. Unlike you golf Boy, that's a a fact golf boy.


You are. That's a fact. All right. You, you don't even know I don't love golf. You wouldn't even know your schedule. Don't About football in the summer. Yeah. That's the my favorite, my favorite part of football season is August because I can get excited and the possibilities are endless hard knocks. And I get fucking pumped up and I tell myself it's gonna be different. And then it's slowly the air comes outta the balloon as the year goes along. And then today it was popped. We, we gotta get, gotta get a good coach. Yeah. Get you a good coach. Don't say we. It's never gonna happen though. It's never gonna happen. You speaking for Chicago, they don't, they they will not hire a good coach. They will not do it. I Actually do feel Bad. Like we had Bruce Arian in the fucking building And we hired Matt or or Mark t Trussman instead of him.


That's the Bears. That is exactly what the Bears organization does. Bruce Ians went on to win a shit load of games with the Cardinals and then a shit load of games with the Bucks. And we hired Mark t Trussman. I actually think that Robert Sah is gonna be a good coach at his next Top. That they'll hire Robert Sah. That will definitely be the coach. They hire a hundred percent. They'll be like, yeah, he's fine. He's a great interview. He fucking coached defense. Ugh, monsters. The midway 1985, You know who was on that 1985 team? Jeff Fisher. Jeff Fisher, Ron Rivera. Ron Rivera as well, but Jeff Fisher as well. Alright, anything else? Cardinals are good. I I'm buying on the Cardinal stock.


I mean they credit to the Cardinals. So the Cardinals, yes. There's a good chance that the Cardinals make the playoffs. I think they're a pretty good team. Yeah. Four outta five. And I made fun of Jonathan Ganon. He's a good head coach. We got the wrong guy from the Colt staff. They told that story today. They're like, oh yeah. Matt Ebra flu's kids. Babysat. I almost said kidnapped babysat Jonathan Gannon's kids. So cute. We got the wrong guy. Again. Again, would You recognize Jonathan Gannon in the street? Yes. Pew, pew explosives. Of course, I've watched that video a Thousand times. What if he's wearing like a, a button up and like a vest? I don't think he can go anywhere without saying pew pew. That's what he does. Alright, here's a good thing.


Here's one good thing that happened to me this weekend. The p the Lions beat the shit outta the Packers and Jordan Love. So Lions 24, Packers 14. This is the only saving grace I had. The Packers also might be in trouble. Jordan Love does not look healthy right now. And he also loves throwing interceptions. He, That one at the end, the first half was absolutely ridiculous. I don't know what he was thinking on that. Yep. He was dummy, dummy play what Jules call 'em. You call 'em do doy plays, do Doy plays? Yeah. Jordan loves got a few do Doy plays in him every game. It seems like he throws some of the funniest non jamous interceptions, but the the lines are just inevitable. They, the, you can't stop the lines. You can't, you, they've got too many options.


Too many weapons. It's not like they lit the scoreboard on fire this week. They played good football, they played good offensive football, but they didn't like throttle you like they have in, in weeks past. I think they could've if they wanted to, but it was rainy weather, shitty weather. And they got up to a lead and they're like, we got this. And they, they, they did a Dan Campbell where it's like the Packers chose to kick a field goal early in the game. And then the Lions, I think scored two touchdowns on fourth and ones. Yeah. And that's, that's what he does. And it's Dan Campbell, the way he coaches, you know, when they're gonna go on fourth down, they play, they, he's so, they're so smart with how they operate. Ben Johnson and Dan Campbell, like their third downplay sets up their fourth downplay because They already know Right.


They know when it's still second down. Right. Like, they're like, okay, here's what we do. If we don't get this, we try to pick up some yards on third down, then we have an easy fourth downplay. They, it never feels like you get to a fourth, fourth down with the Lions and they're like on the sideline being like hemming and hawing being like, I don't know if we should go. They knew what they were gonna do before that. One thing I've never seen them do is call the think it overtime out. Right. I hate to think it overtime out. Yeah. That's, that's the worst time out that you can have in the biz. Aman Raw was great again today. Yeah. He wore Green Bay sucks sweatshirt. I gotta buy one of those. The Green Bay sucks sweatshirt. Getting off the bus was pretty intense. Although I think he had Green Bay as one word, not two. Right. Yeah. Just pretty disrespectful to the city. Yep. And then Jerry go proved he could win an outdoor game in bad weather.


Yeah. That's huge. Huge for Jared's confidence. Yeah, he was, and and it was, it was like the, the Packers moved the ball like pretty well. They just kept on shooting themselves in the foot with drop passes and penalties and all that stuff. And the Lions are a team that if you cause any like careless errors, they'll just punish you for it. I mean, you saw it with the, with the pick six. That was just a bad, bad pass. And Kirby Joseph, I think that was his sixth interception this year. And the Lions are just, they're a wagon and they have, they're kind of running away with the NFC North, even though I know the Vikings only have two losses, but it feels like the Lions, I don't know how you stop the lines.


Yeah. Jamir Gibbs is just so fast when he gets the ball. It's crazy. So they put up a stat I'd never seen before, but I actually thought it was pretty interesting. They tracked the, the speed that every ball carrier runs at the line of scrimmage. So crossing the line of scrimmage, Jamir Gibbs is two miles per hour faster than the league average. So League average is, you're running nine miles per hour. When you hit the line, he goes like 11 miles per hour. That's crazy. Crazy. And he, you can see he like, he squirts through a lot of small holes. Yeah. At the line. They just, the the, the Lion's offense is I think as close to unstoppable as you can get if they're all healthy. And James Williams has been his, his suspension's now over.


It might be. But then there was also a report that the, the cop in Detroit looked the other way when they saw a gun in the car. Yeah. I Don't know. Did he do, is it illegal to have a gun? I guess? I think some Not Not registered. Yeah. And not put away, it was not registered. I think his brother might have in the car and his brother had a gun that was registered to him, but then there might have been a, another gun in the car. Got it. And the, the cop was like, oh yeah, you're Jamon Williams from the Lions. And his, his iPhone screensaver thing on his lock screen was like a big Lions logo. Yeah. And he showed it to me. He's like, look, I'm a big fan of yours. So now they're doing an investigation on that cop for whether or not he should have arrested Jamon Williams, the Lions fan. Yeah. Lions are seven and one seven and one's first time since 1956.


What's the point of being a pro sports player if you're not Gonna get Yeah, that's Right. Yeah. Right. That's a real, like a, a sports city that had recent success. They would know you, you gotta look, look the other way. Yeah. Part of the deal. I I Jordan Love is not healthy. I don't know why they played him this week when they have a bi-week coming up, but it felt dangerous to play him in this weather. There were a couple and he looked, he looked not healthy. I'm hope. Look, I know Jordan loves good. I'm just hoping that he just keeps throwing dumb interceptions. 'cause that's kind of all I have at this point. Yeah. There were a couple steps that he made on that slick turf where it was like, this guy should not be out here trying to cut Yeah. On that with like an injured groin. And, And Then Malik Willis is, he's good.


Yeah, he's good. Let him play. And I, I know the Packers are not a bad team, but it did, it did help me a little that they, they, they lost his game. Right. The the Bears, the Packers are on a buy and then the next game they play is the Bears. They'll kill us by a hundred and I'll have to fucking deal with that. And that will suck really, really bad. But maybe Jordan Love will keep throwing interceptions at really bad times. I that's really, that's basically all I've got. Yeah. It's fun. That's fun to root for. Yeah. I I don't think that the Detroit Lions necessarily need a pass rusher. They still Probably would roll. I know, I know. Everyone's like, they're going to get one. Yeah. But I think at the end of think about it's, I Don't think, I don't, what I'm saying is I don't think that they're going to overpay for a pass Rusher.


I agree with that. I think they're, they, they're gonna get someone because you do need at least an insurance plan, especially when it comes down to like a playoff football game. The margins are so thin that having a a guy who can win a one-on-one battle in the fourth quarter can be the difference between gonna the Super Bowl and not. Yeah. I Mean, it'd be awesome if they got Max Crosby. Yeah. I don't think if they got somebody like That, Mark Davis loves him. Apparently they just reached out about him today or maybe yesterday. Mark Davis did say untouchable. You're still thinking about That. And I actually Mark Davis might be the one guy that I think he might be just telling the truth. Yeah. Because he's like, Mark Davis doesn't feel like he's playing like a game of poker. You don't think he's a shrewd negotiator? No. Yeah. And they're like, it's, it's, when it comes to it, it's just a business.


And they don't take it personal. Like he's actually, He's taking it personally. He's like, max Crosby is like a son to me. Yeah. Yeah. But then Tom Brady might pick up the phone and make a call and be like, Hey, you gotta do this. Yeah. Oh, speaking of Tom Brady in this game, he got mad because Brian Branch got ejected for that helmet to helmet hit. Yeah. Remember that one seemed like a pretty dirty hit, pretty bad hit. Yeah. I like Brian Branch too, by the way. I think he's one of the most entertaining players of the secondary in the NFL right now. But he got, he got ejected for that helmet to helmet hit. And then Brady started to say how that call makes no sense to eject him for it. Like, throw the flag, give it 15 yards, don't kick him outta the game. And then all the Twitter narcs out there, Mike Florio's of the world.


Oh, various other aggregators out there started pointing out that Tom Brady is technically not allowed to criticize officiating ah, as an announcer Florio. So what, what's the NFL gonna do about that? It, it's funny because Tom Brady's got himself into a situation which is basically impossible, where he is not allowed to criticize the officiating as a analyst Yeah. During a game Or talk to the teams beforehand. Yeah. Yeah. There's really nothing makes no sense there. Tom Brady's just hoping that nobody calls him out on it and Florio's not one to keep his mouth shut about that. Yeah. I also, like Brian Branch got a double penalty. Oh. 'cause he, he flipped the crowd Off. He was flipping off the crowd on the way out and got another penalty. Yeah. Which is great.


But yeah, the Lions are, they're, they're the best team in the NFL. No, I'm, I'll say it, the Chiefs are undefeated, but I, the Lions is the best team in the NFL right now. Yeah, I agree. Like the Chiefs haven't been winning, like the Lions have been winning. Do I think that if you, if the Chiefs played the Lions in the Super Bowl, would I take the Lions? No, because it's Patrick Mahomes and he would just figure out a way to do it. But like if they were playing next week, I would. You would? Yeah. If they were playing next week, I would take the Lions. Yeah. The, I think the Lions are, are definitely without a doubt the best team in the NFC and I think you could make a great case of the best team in football. Yeah. Okay. Last two games. Max Eagles, 28 Jaguars 23.


You guys almost blew this game. Yep. Also, you had two of the coolest plays ever. Saquon Jump hurdling a guy backwards and then Devonte Smith's touchdown in the end zone, which was incredible. Yeah. Those were both very high moments. They were very good football team. Questionable, questionable coaching decisions up and down the Board. Tell us about 'em. Tell us about 'em. What were the most questionable, The two point, both of the two point conversions. I'm actually fine with. Well you got a penalty on one of 'em. Both. We a penalty on both of them. Yeah. They were both at the one which you, you just do that.


Like you get 'em all at the one. Especially the tush push didn't look good today. We have a lot, we have a lot of linemen that are hurt. It does feel like Sirianni fell in love with the, the idea that he discovered where if you have like a timeout in your pocket during the first half and you line up for to go for two, just try to get them to commit a penalty. And if they don't, then call a time out and and kick the extra point. If they do commit a penalty, then guess what? You get to run the two point conversion from the one yard line. Yeah. No, he does love to do that. What? Whatever He, he also, I feel like you guys need a new two point play. Yeah. Like a variation off the touch push. Well he tried to do that. Yeah. And it didn't work.


Yeah, that's true. The field goal at the end, the Field goal at the end made zero sense. There were three options. It was fourth and two up five with, I think it was just over the two minute. Yep. There's three options. Go for it on fourth and two. Win the game. Kick a punt, make Trevor Lawrence go the entire distance of the field still up, still up one score or kick a field goal, a 57 yard field goal to make a one score game, a one score game And give him a short field of Field and give them a short field if you don't get it.


Yeah. It's the same probability that he kicks that field goal that he does of picking up the fourth and two. But the fourth and two wins the game and the field goal makes a one score game. A one score game. Right. It makes it made no sense. Yeah. That decision made zero sense. He Yeah. The only really decision there is No, you just go for it there. Yeah. I mean you could punt it, but I you just go for it. End the game. But the punt is Field goal shouldn't even be an option. The field goal should not be an option. Correct. The decision should be go for it or punt it. Yeah. The field goal makes zero sense. Yes. Agreed. But he won the game and you gotta give him credit.


The team has looked a lot better at coming off the buy. Yep. So he's got the guys in a position to win. But his in game decision making is every single week. It's just the same discussion of like, he makes the wrong decision every single time. There just needs to be someone, big Dom needs to be in his fucking ear after every fourth down and be like, are you sure that's what you wanna do here? Nick, are you sure this is what you wanna do here? Nick, Do you know what he needs? I've, I've said that I need to create this software where when I put in my bets, it just reverses it for me without telling me. And I never can figure it out. But I just like, somehow just win all my bets because I'm just reversing it.


He needs to say something into the headset and have it just automatically be reversed. Yeah, that'd be great. That would be great. Yeah. So he, where he thinks he's in control Headset connect directly to big Dom. Right. And then he makes his final call and then big Dom changes it Or it's just a train, like some software that just translates it. So his voice comes in with saying the exact opposite thing. Yeah. Yeah. The players on the Eagles were, were fantastic today. Yeah. Yeah. They were fan your first also Your first half was incredible. Is AJ Brown okay. To to be determined. That's Very important. To be determined. That's very important. Also, the scooping score is one of the, one of the craziest things I've ever seen on a football field. You mean when, when Saquon just fell, He got tackled and was down for five seconds and they did a scooping score.


So say they reviewed it and still gave them the touchdown. Saquon gets tackled, he falls on the ground, the ground forces the ball out. The refs rule in real time that he has not been touchdown. The Jaguars picked the ball up, returned for a touchdown, then they look at it like five times. It felt like the longest review ever. Yeah. And then they just ignored the fact that Saquon's foot got hit out from under him, which made him stumble forward into his linemen, fall down. And they didn't, I max, if, if they had fucked you guys over and you lost that game, you, you should have gone to drastic measures to protest that Philadelphia should have. I wanted you to lose that game so bad to heat off me. I know.


It would've been great. It made, it made no sense. Like, we were watching it, we were watching it in the cave with no sound and they kept showing the play And we were like, oh, okay. Oh, okay. That's fine. That's just gonna, they're gonna, they're just gonna, and then, and then the Jags just started kicking the extra point and then I just started freaking out because they couldn't hear what was going on. So I was like, why are they kicking the extra point? You were freaking out. Why are they kicking the extra point? Did they do a pull report about it? Did the refs talk about the the call? Because they have to answer for that, right? Yeah. So they ever answer to it, max? I think that they said, because he hit the lineman, but that happens all the time. Yeah. That was weird. It was very weird.


They, they just made up a rule in the middle of, I think they just fucked up. And then they were like, yeah, well he, here's something. Like, that's what I think they did. They were like, here's something. Whenever they won The game, max, I, I was rooting for the Jaguars to win that game because I just wanted to see you go Absolutely Nuclear. Yeah. I wanted to see you at your Mads. Aw. Because of that call. I was so close, So Close, been so mad. Steven Sha was egging me on, which I is one of one of the worst feelings in the world. Yeah. So how are, so like state of the union for the Eagles, they're five and two, six and two, five and two, six and six and two six and two Cowboys and Commanders coming up.


I'll ask you this. If you go two and oh, are you, are you thinking like this is, we're the second best team in the NFC? I'm thinking if we go Two and oh these next two, if We go two and oh, I'm thinking there's no reason we don't, we can't beat the Lions. Yeah. I love that. What if you go oh and two, Then we're in big trouble. Sirianni gone. Yeah. I mean, no, I, I I don't want to, I was re if they lost that game, sir, the Phil, the city of Philadelphia would've gone nuclear on Siri and I would've probably done the same. He has got them playing much better football right now. The decision making has to be better. The end game decision making has to be better.


Yeah. I think that's fair. That's a fair thing to say. They're playing really hard though. Yeah. The first half, I think the Jaguars had one first down in the first half. Yeah. The def defense. The defense was humming. Yeah. And then, I mean still even if you, if you take away that the defense didn't give up a lot of points. And they were, and even on that last drive, they were working on a short field and then, and then Dean makes a huge play to win the game. So the defense made big plays when they needed to make big plays. The secondary has been awesome, which I haven't been able to say about the Eagles for a really long time. Yeah, you Yeah. The, your guy from Toledo is awesome. Queen Mitchell is so good. So Good. He, he got, He it's turning into, he's a rookie and just, he gets no targets.


He had one, I I think he had one target today. The entire game. Yeah. Quarterbacks are just going away from him.


I got a question for you Rollback question. Yep. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code. Take my question for you. Max Jalen hurts. It's full. He's been awesome, right? He's been awesome. Yeah. Since the buy, I think he has like 130 quarterback rating. 12 touchdowns, zero interceptions. Follow up Rollback. Question RHO bck.com. Use promo code. Take 20% off first purchase. Do you think you wasted the Kelly Green jerseys on the Jaguars? 'cause I do.


Yeah. I said that before the game Started. Okay. All right. So that was a joke. Yeah. Like you, those, those jerseys are incredible. Yeah. Why wear them against the Jaguars? I don't know. But counterpoint, that screenshot of Saquon lives forever and it's so much thicker than, And Kelly Green, the Yeah, good point. Good point. And Devonte Smith's catch like Yeah. I didn't even know that it was possible to back hurdle a guy. It's the it's so dangerous. So dangerous. That's, he should not do that again. No, But It's so if anyone lined him up perfectly, he just gets rocked. It was, it's like Jumping over a car. It was, it was crazy. Like he just, he he found himself, he didn't even think about it. He just found his feet in that position goes like, I guess I'm jumping and to go backwards over another dude.


I've never seen that on. And the craziest part is the spin move before that say was incredible. No, It it's gonna be the least talked about spin move of all time. That was so sick. So sick. Yeah. It was an just an incredible highlight. So sick. He's so good. He's like, I I think it's, it's fair to say that he's on the McCaffrey level of like, he's a running back to can actually make a difference in your offense As long as he doesn't trump the pass like the Falcons game. Correct. But yes. Other than that, yeah. No, I agree. Saquon is, yeah, he's, you, you have to be ready for him. Like he, he is in that. It's McCaffrey, it's Bijan.


Derrick Henry. Derrick Henry Derrick. Henry's different though. 'cause Derrick Henry like will just, will just run over people and run past people. I'm saying McCaffrey, Saquon, Bijon. Those three guys, if they're in space, you, you're fucked. I think gi, if they're one-on-one in space, Gibbs might be like that too. He Gibbs as well. Yes. Yeah. Like those, those guys are so special that when you just get them in space, you're the defense. Can't do anything. Yeah. You can't tackle him one-on-one. Yeah. He's, he's been incredible this year. He's got How many yards does Saquon have this year? I think 960. Holy shit. So he's also 9 25 And he already had his buy. He on his, he's on 2K.


He's on the same as Derrick Henry 2K watch. Yeah. Who did you guys play last week of the season? The Giants. That would be awesome. 'cause I think it's Cowboys Commanders last. I think so. That would make it, That would be awesome if Saquon. Oh yeah. So it's Giants got At Philly. If, if Saquon against the Giants gets 2000 yards against the Giants, that would be special. You just gotta stay healthy. Yeah. Pray for health. Pray for health. Yeah. Okay. Good for you, max. I'm happy you won. Not you're, you're No, you're not. Not. No, I'm not. I'm not. I was, it would just would've been great. 'cause it would've just been, you would've been, it would've been a really good friend move Yep.


For you to take some heat off me. Sorry. 'cause because like pf T's team is awesome. Your team is awesome. Even memes won and then the one other guy who lost here just doesn't even give a fuck. That's not true. Well he lost Marvin Harrison though. Yeah. Yeah. You did. Yeah. He lost Marvin Harrison. I was, I was more locked into my game than probably anyone was on anyone's game today. You were The game into the Football game, to The game. You Were walked the game locked into the player. Yeah. Yeah. The Marvin Harrison thing. I'm sorry Hank. It's all right. That was tough. Alright. Rams 26. Seahawks 20. To wrap it up. This one team had Gino Smith and one team had Matthew Stafford. Yeah. Gino Smith with a couple bad picks.


He threw a great, he had a great drive to end the game. To, to tie it up. Yeah. What, what is it with the Seahawks? And I don't know if this is, 'cause this is one thing that, you know, we obviously are watching all the games, but every single week without fail, you look up and the Seahawks entire team is chasing after a snap that's gone over Gino Smith's head or through his hands. What is that? The rain Every week though? Yeah. It's weird. It's, it is definitely strange. It Happened twice this week. I wanna say This is a big win for the Rams. Huge PCA Nacua getting ejected in the first half. And we, for nothing we, we talked about like pka DKU is the funnest guy to watch without the ball in his hands sometimes.


Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes he like throws a little baby punch. And the refs were staring too closely at him. He Was not the instigator in that. He got shoved and then he did like, I don't think it was a punch. I think it was one of those open-handed face shoves. Crazy ejection. Which is, yeah. That's, if you're gonna tell your player to hit somebody in the face, you want them to do the open-handed one and not the fist. Yeah. Smarter to go. I Guess the one good thing is like he couldn't get banged up. Yep. In locker. Yeah. He was safe. They, they put him in preservative for this game. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Geno Gino had some bad picks Today and Matthew Stafford's overtime was just, it was perfect football. Yeah. He was, he played perfect football in the overtime and the, the Rams, like they looked deader than dead at halftime.


What? Well, the Seahawks could've kicked a field goal in overtime to take a lead and went forward on fourth down. But it wouldn't have mattered. I don't have that much of a problem with that because if you kick a field goal, it wouldn't matter. 'cause they scored a touchdown, but still Yeah, but they would've lost no matter what. Yeah. I just think it was, I I didn't like that move. I have no problem with that move. I guess you could make the argument that the Seahawks offensive line has not been great. So it's like maybe getting one yard's not the easiest. But Yeah, I've, I I mean you can end the game with a touchdown. Right. And it was what, fourth and two? It was fourth and one. Fourth and one. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't have a problem with him going for it. It, it was like, you know, 50 50 coin flip. You kick a field goal.


I could see a lot of coaches kicking that field goal, but I just don't think you wanna I don't get it. Go For it. Yeah. I don't, I you don't want to give the ball to Matthew Stafford. He's gonna go score a touchdown. Trust your defense. Yeah, but it's Matthew Stafford and he's really fucking good. I, I would like to try to end the game without giving the ball back to Matthew Stafford. And that was the way you could do it. Otherwise, you're just hoping he doesn't score a touchdown, which he then did no matter what. Personally, Also your defense isn't particularly great. Jackson Smith and Jig was Awesome. He was. Yeah. Would he have like 150? He made just every big catch and then And what? Cooper, Cooper had 11 catches. But yeah, the Rams, I am worried about my pinky. The Rams. Matthew Saver gives you a chance in any game.


Yeah. And they, they unlocked De Marcus Robinson. Yep. Yep. The Ram the Rams do next man up at wide receiver, better than anybody. It's a combo of coaching and Matthew Stafford. Yeah. Where it's just like, I I you, those guys, if you put those guys on any other team, I don't think they'd be nearly as good. But because they're schemed open by Sean McVay and Matthew Stafford's throwing them. The ball played to the best of their abilities. Yeah. But yeah, the Rams are now very much, I mean, it was, it was two weeks ago that they were basically deader than dead and they beat the Vikings. They beat the Seahawks and now they're four and four and in second place in the NFC West. That's pretty crazy. Yeah. Let's see, what, what's the Ram schedule coming up?


They play the Dolphins, the Patriots. So that's gonna be probably six and four. I'm gonna be nervous about this. Oh my God. They have, they have the Saints still. They do have a tough end of the season. They play at the end of the season, they play the bills. 49 ERs, jets, Cardinals, Seahawks. That could be tough. All potential playoff teams. All Potential playoff teams, right? Memes. Correct. Did you memes today without your team playing? 'cause they played on Thursday. Did you think that you got like, did you win today? No. Oh, we didn't 'cause the Chargers.


Chargers, Chargers. Yeah. But what about the cults and the Broncos? Cults and Broncos both lost. Yeah. That was a win. That's big. That was big. Yeah. Those you, you can't think about the Chargers. You gotta think about you gotta, you like, you had three teams that you're, or the Bengals I guess won too, so that's bad. But I have looked into it. Okay. The Bron, the Broncos have a gauntlet. The Steelers Also have a gauntlet. Steelers have the hardest schedule thing. You have to Stop thinking Steelers. Yeah. Don't think about the Steelers. You keep saying Steelers back here. The Steelers are six and 10. Well, all the, all the, all the a FC north teams have to play each other still. Right. And that's gonna, that's gonna eliminate, that's gonna get some losses there.


Right? Two of them. I mean, we're not, not Going out. You're not, you're not gonna catch, I don't think you're gonna catch the Steelers. No. They could just fall off a cliff. Yeah. But you would have to climb an even bigger cliff. We might never lose a game again. Okay. All right. Yeah. All right. I like it means you can play the Cardinals next week. The Cardinals are hot. They could, they could look ahead past us. They could look ahead past playing Three six jets team. That's the beauty. We just won four outta five. The, that's the beauty of playing possum memes. They think that you're dead. I'm looking, I'm looking at it right now. Memes might not be wrong because if the bills in week 17 have it all the way wrapped up, they might already be sitting starters.


Yeah. Oh man. I mean, all the playoff probabilities on this website is a joke. The Vikings did win. It felt like they were sleepwalking the start of the game, but their defense looked back because they held the Colts. The Colts did not get into the end zone on offense. Right. They had that, that fumble in the first quarter, right? Yeah. And then after that, not a lot. I'll be honest, I didn't watch most of this game because we were podcasting while it was going on. After halftime, I, I'll so up in, up until halftime, I, I was thoroughly unimpressed with both teams. Yes. But I, I'll say this, Sam darn started bad.


I think he played very well in the second half and his numbers ended up looking pretty good. And he was finding Justin Jefferson and the Sam Darn might be a pumpkin. We, we can put that off for a week. Well, every time I looked up Justin Jefferson was making a catch down field. Yeah. That's a good strategy. If you feel like you're, if you're turning into a pumpkin, just remember, oh yeah, I've got maybe the best receiver. Yeah. 137 yards. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Should we wrap up with who's back of the week? I think we got a couple stories we gotta talk about with Max too. Yeah.


Who's back of the week's brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram. Tell us how your prev, how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt, five winners will be selected every Saturday until December 7th. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching forward. The mountain cold refreshment of Coors Light. Coors Light's, mountain cold refreshment literally made it chill. Coors Light is cold lager cold filtered cold package. It's as crisp and refreshing as the Rockies Perfect for a moment to unwind. Even the biggest rivals Agree When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game you choose Chill. And then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Henry, who's back of the week. My who's back of the week is Dead Animals. Oh yes. We gotta get on this. Yeah. So this is the problem. So there was a talker in New York who found an injured Squirrel. Peanut Named him Peanut. He took him in, he brought him back to full health. It's a adorable name. And then, you know, by that great squirrel that point, it had been domesticated. So if you let him back on the wild, that's just gonna die. So he just kept them in his apartment, posted videos and stuff. Some hater reported the accounts to the authorities and the authorities showed up to his house unannounced, like with a warrant and stuff.


Took the squirrel, took a bunch of documents, and then euthanized Peanut, the squirrel, How Memes has his hand up, memes Has his hand up. And Fred the raccoon And Fred the raccoon. Don't Forget about Fred the raccoon. Don't forget about rac. I was saying earlier that that raccoons have a terrible, terrible PR team because they're like the cutest animal ever. And everyone treats 'em like they're actual garbage. Well it's Rabies. Yeah, it's rabies. But Rabies is what kills the cuteness of Raccoons. But they're so cute. I agree. But that's, that's the bad pr getting into your head that the first thing you think of when you think of raccoons Yeah. Is rabies. When you should be just thinking, oh, they're adorable little animals. I think Of Rocky. Yeah. I Think of that old guy YouTube video and the snow just feeding the raccoons.


Yeah. They're your best friends. Hank what? How, how, how can you go into someone's house and kill their animals? They confiscated the animal and they just said, we're gonna kill this animal. They confiscated it. And then in order, I guess to check if it had rabies, they had to euthanize it. So That is that That is true. It's the most asked backwards part about checking to see, Is that like the Salem Witch trial? Yeah. It's like we gotta throw 'em in the water and if they come up and they're a witch, like Being accused of having rabies as an animal is more deadly than having rabies. Yeah. It's a hundred percent death rate. Alright, so here's why I asked how is, because I saw this story and I was like, this doesn't, there's gotta be something I'm missing because otherwise this is the biggest tra, tragedy, travesty of all time.


I think it's just a Karen hater, like the guy. So this woman is the worst. Like the guy has a TikTok account and posts the video. So someone with a stick of their ass was like, this can't be allowed. Like someone, Oh my God, the person ever. Yeah. Do is his neighbor, do they also have a TikTok account? It might not be a neighbor, it might just be a, like a follower that, you know, it could be anyone. Oh, It could be somebody online that, that saw the video and they're like, I'm going to report You. Jesus. They swatted a squirrel. Pretty much. That's fucked Up. Yeah. That's so fucked up. So I hate this woman, woman. I think I saw a picture. Somebody like, they doxed Her. I didn't see that part.


I just saw that it was a anonymous reporter. Alright, So whoever this person is, you should, you should get rabies. Somebody should call the, the Department of Animal Services on you. Yeah. That this is crazy. So Justice for Peanut and Fred, I feel bad. And Fred. And Fred. I forgot about Fred. Damn. And it Who were the who, who was the guy Mr. Longo. And it was it, he just, did he have kids or anything? Was he like, could they make the argument that the squirrel was gonna was endangering the kids? Like what? I just can't understand. This Officers raided my house as if I was a drug dealer. I was sat outside my house for five hours.


I had to get a police escort to my bathroom. I wasn't even allowed to feed my rescue horses breakfast or lunch. I was sat there like a criminal after they interrogated my wife to check out her immigration status. Jesus Christ. This is horrendous justice for Peanut. If we have to make a shirt and profit off it to get the word out there, we will. They got a search warrant for departments and a judge signed off on a search warrant for a squirrel in a raccoon. And they took them and killed them. If, I don't wanna say that we've got bigger problems as a nation, but if you are spending your time writing up a search warrant for a squirrel, you should be called a pussy by that judge.


Yeah. All right. So we gotta we gotta, we gotta get on this case. I don't know. And we're late to it, but we gotta do everything we can and buy everything we can. I mean, I'm just gonna tweet out Justice for peanut. Yeah. Like It won't bring peanut back. They dead Animals are dead. What Plot twist. Oh, peanut was a Yankees fan. Oh. There's a picture I'm looking at right now of peanut wearing a Yankees cap. Do you think there's a chance that Peanut asked to be killed? You was like, take me out. Yeah. I can't watch this bum Aaron Judge Strike out at the plate anymore. It's a fucking end it right now. Call Feds. It'll call the feds on myself. I want to, I wanna mem myself.


Yeah. There's this adorable little squirrel who is, he's waiting by the front door for you. Go pick him up. When was peanut killed before or after the Yankees lost? Did Peanut have to watch that fifth inning? I think it was on Thursday night. Oh My God. Peanut. That's the last Yankees game. Peanut watch. Lemme see. Lemme, I'm looking this up right Now. Oh my God. This is now the ultimate tragedy That is the animal cruelty. If you have a pet and you force it to be a Yankees fan. Yeah. Damn. I guess we have to wait for all the facts to come Out. At least Peanuts. Oh, it was on Wednesday, so it was before. So Peanut didn't see the Fifth inning. He did not see the fifth Inning. Oh, thank God. So Peanut actually good died not knowing who won the World Series.


Yes. Okay. And didn't know the d got hurt. The last memory that that peanut had was the, the Capo Bianco brothers, Which I'm sure Peanut was a big fan of. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Damn, that's depressing. Okay. What, what, who's your, who's Back Hank anything else? I like your pants. Thanks. They're the lore. Yeah, I know. I was gonna say, are they valore? Okay. Did you buy 'em? Why'd you say that in a way that I'm missing something? I don't think you are missing anything. Yeah, I was wondering if you bought them or if they were stolen velo. No, it came off the back of a truck. I've had these for a long time.


PFT or who's back of the week? My who's back of the week is college basketball. Yeah. College Hoops tonight. Big slate tonight. Yeah. We got, I think almost every ranked team is playing. Right? A Lot of 'em are. A lot of 'em are. Yeah. A Lot of 'em are the, the big one's gonna be Baylor Gonzaga late night. But yes, college basketball is back big time. Maine and Duke, the Cooper Flag game. Wow. It's gonna be bad blood out there. It just, it's good to have different sports on. Oh, I love, I mean, college basketball, the college basketball Feast Week is one of my favorite weeks of the year and I lose everything. But I love it. I love it. Alright. My who's back of the week is Philadelphia Sports figures, getting into fights With various people.


So we had two, and I actually think as a podcast, we, we de I think we take the side of, of both the Philadelphia sports figures. Yeah. I think one's definitely cut and dry. The Kelsey one. So if people missed it, there was a, I think, was he at the Penn State game? Penn State game? Correct. Yeah. He was just wa why doesn't Jason, I guess he doesn't need security, but also like he, why was he walking with like beers in his hand? Like I, he's just a man of the people. All right. So the thought occurred to me after I'd say like six hours of just heavy discourse online about Jason Kel. You had some people saying like, most people, I'd say 95% of people were like, Jason Kel did nothing wrong. Yeah. So let let the man go ahead. So, so to set the scene, there were, he was walking and there was a Penn State fan, or a kid walking with his phone out being a piece of shit.


And he was like, your brother is a f bomb for dating Taylor Swift. And Jason Kelsey turned around, grabbed his phone, smashed it through the crust of the earth, awesome spike. And then there was another clip after that. He walked off with the phone and the kid was like, gimme my phone back, gimme my phone back. And Jason Kelly, Kelsey said, who's the F word now? Which again, I have no pro. Like that guy brought the F word into it. Yeah, yeah. Fair play. He was, he wasn't saying it's derogatory. He was just saying like, you just, you, you brought this into this. You, why would you be such a loser to like, make fun of my brother and stick a phone in my face? So I stand with Jason Kelsey.


Yeah. I Think he, he was, he was in the right, the guy had the phone and he was like screaming at him and very clearly like harassing him and foaming around. So what was the thought that occurred to you? The thought that occurred to me was, was there any chance that was a viral ad for garage beer that just got way outta hand. Oh, Maybe The garage beer was prominently featured in, in every angle of every video that I saw. Interesting. And maybe it got outta hand and somebody posted it and then it was like, oh shit. Oh, we've really lost the narrative on this one. Oh. Because he was holding the, he was holding the case and I mean, this is, I I tweeted this out, but the first thing I noticed was him holding the case of beer with like his pinky finger. And then also holding a beer in that same hand, which is not a guy that you wanna fuck with.


The guy that's just walking around casually drinking out of his 12 ounce can while also raising the entire case up to his mouth. Yeah. That's probably a guy that can kick a lot of ass. But yeah, the, the, the beer was prominently displayed in all angles. I don't think it was fake, but I'm very woke when it comes to stuff like that where it's like, we've seen a lot of stuff online. It was, yeah. I mean I I I was just confused why Jason Kelsey was walking by himself in that situation. Like, not again. I get he's a man of the people. Do what? What Hank I think it's that crazy. We walk through, I guess so crowds and Yeah. And tailgates. And maybe he has security. He doesn't need security. I, this kid was a piece of shit.


I, there's no other way to put it. Kid was a piece of shit. Jason Kel was ever was in the right. Also Jason Kelsey's just like, not someone you wanna fuck with. Yeah. In general. I think he's, he's just a, a pretty normal dude. Yeah. Who just wants to be left alone And drink beer. Yeah. Beer. So Respect to him, I, I did see people being like, do you not know what the first amendment is? The First Amendment? Like Jason Kel, it doesn't protect you from Jason Kel smashing your phone. Yeah. And you deserve your phone first. Yeah. So Max, you're good with all this. Yeah, of course. The, the other funniest part is that the guy like tried to fake step to him for maybe a half of a second. Yeah. He was like, this is really bad idea. This, this is like one of like the worst people on the planet that like you should be trying Correct.


To start anything with. Correct. I think Jason Kelsey should be commended for, for not beating the fuck outta this guy. Yes. Yes. For sure. Showing when you imagine like, he's literally just in his face saying that about his brother for the worst reasoning of all time, by the way. Right. That his brother dates one of like the most beautiful supermodel or pop stars in the world. She's one of the most popular pop stars in the world. Okay. She is. We don't wanna Make comments about her. I don't want to talk about her looks. Let's not reduce her. I don't, I don't see, I don't see looks. Okay. I don't see, we don't see sight. I don't see looks. I don't see see gross Revenue ticket sales.


Yeah. And she's the top. I don't, I'm not, I don't, I don't, I don't boil down Taylor Swift to Looks like you Also Max by saying she's one of the most beautiful pop stars in the world that's gonna have Taylor Swift fans mad at you. One for commenting on her looks two for not saying the most beautiful pop Stars. Yeah. Where's me? A guy like me? I don't see. Looks Alright. Disavow my comment. Okay. Thank You. I I admire her brains. Yep. Me too. And then the other one was Joel Embiid shoved a reporter. Now this one you could make an argument against Joel Embi, but I am not because I am on Joel Em beads side. This reporter Marcus Hayes wrote an article basically calling Joel Embi.


So this is what he said. Joel Embiid consistently points to the birth of his son Arthur as a major inflection point in his basketball career. He often says that he wants to be great to leave a legacy for the boy named after his little brother who tragically died in an automobile accident when Embi was in his first year as a 76 er. Well, in order to be great at your job, you first have to show up for work and then goes on to talk about how he hasn't played and all that stuff. This guy's a piece of shit because you can write an article about Joel Embiid not playing load management being injured and never bring up his son or his dead brother. Yeah, you can. So the second part of that saying, in order to be great at your job, you have to show up for work. You can just take all the context of the family out of it.


Correct. Joel Embiid wants to be great ba he says he wants to be great at basketball to be great. You have to show up for, you can, you can do that and do the hot take column where you're like, Joel Embi is soft for not playing more. He is disappointing the city. You can say all that stuff but then to just tie it into your family. And I haven't seen the video of Joel. Is there a video of Joel? I don't Believe. How is there not video? There's Definitely video that Got wanted release. So what's his name's? What's his name? Tiktoks. Huh? What's His name's? Tiktoks Jacqueline. Oh, Jerry McCain. McCain. Jerry McCain was definitely doing a TikTok. I Don't think he was probably dancing with Joel and bead shoving someone in the background. No, I, I find it very hard to believe that there's no video, but I think that everyone is on, everyone outside of Marcus Hayes is on Joel and Beads side.


Good of this in the locker room. So I, I'm pretty confident that everyone just was like, Hey, let's not release this. Yeah. The 'cause this guy deserves it. The argument a against Joe and Beier is like, you just shouldn't shove a reporter But again, I, I'm not gonna make that argument because this guy's a piece of shit. Yeah. You don't have to bring up Joel and Beat's family also. Fuck Keith Pompey for initially saying that he punched Him. He is a punch. Yeah. A shove and a punch. Well, That's what makes the Differe Really Different. That's what makes me think it was like maybe closer to a punch than it was. I, that's why I wanna see the video. No, but there's a lot of people that were also in there that says that it, it was like barely a shove. Well, they could just Put the video out and put this case to rest. No, I don't, I don't have the video. We Need the video.


We need, Yeah. I got video DM Jeremy MCC King. But Wouldn't you agree that them not putting the video out leads to the conclusion that it's probably worse, probably more likely worse than, than just a shove? No, I think it was a light, a light shove. Now I will say that Marcus Hayes could get me back on his side if he shows up to the next, next press conference with a neck brace on. That would be funny. That would be funny. I just know that when Hank says, wouldn't you say it's about to be a fucking banger after that? Yeah. That's when Hank's deep in his Bag control shit. Yeah. What did you say? Wouldn't you say wouldn't, Wouldn't you agree That Wouldn't you say we need to see the video And we are on Joel Beat side? Yeah. I I think if he, if he like shoved him and it wasn't anything particularly violent, like there was no chance of him getting injured if it was just like a shove like, fuck you buddy.


If it was one of those that's well within his rights, it Was a big weekend for Philly sports stars following up, like talk shit get hit. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and those are like our two guys. Yeah. And like, I have no problem with either because these guys are talking massive amounts of shit for no reason. Just being shitty people And Joel and Beads back it up. Everything. He is done for the city. He deserves a break Max. Yeah. I, I agree. Everything Agree? Yes. What exactly has he done for the city? He puts his body on the line and Play and plays Well, man. Not, not if yo in the playoffs, if it's Yoic in Denver, In the playoffs, he, the whole yoic in Denver.


Joel and bead fucking eat Yage for lunch every time They play. Not in Denver. They not in Denver. The fact that people like nitpick that just because it's not on the road ducked them like their numbers, like mb dominates Not in Denver. Yeah. That's all the fucking mb haters. Which, and which there are plentiful. Love to nitpick every little thing and find one re Whatever. So what has he answer Hank's question. What Has, what has Dage done done in Philly? How about that? How about that question? What? No, the que the question. How about that question? No, the question was what has Mbbi done for Philly? He's probably won a couple games. He's probably gone out to eat. He's, when he's on, he made the Philadelphia On the road.


He's made the Philadelphia 76 ERs a re irrelevant basketball program. When you say irrelevant, A relevant basketball program that when he but when he joined, yes. I always say program. You always, you always get on me for this. Yeah. They're Program because I call, I say, I say every team's a program. Okay. The 76 ERs I relevant basketball program. A a relevant basketball program when they came from the bottom of the league. You By choice. By choice. Ft by choice would Love to be, But by choice they did the process. I Don't give a fuck. Every team does a process. Now. How many teams, Every fucking Team does a process. Many since 2013. You think I've made like the second round of the playoffs? Probably. It doesn't matter.


But but they're still like in the, in the top half of the league every year. Where's relevancy? They've made the second round. Yeah. So you what's Yeah, same spot. What's, What's relevant is relevancy the second round? I mean they went or is it the third? Third They went seven games with the cel with the Celtics. That's re Yes. Relevancy. I mean it's still like, you're still contending. They're not like for what? Good contenders and Joe MB gets hurt every fucking year. Fuck you guys. I'm double They Actually had a three, two lead in that series too. He took up a six game, six at home. I just wanna know where relevancy is. Is it It's definitely not the fucking bulls. I know it's not. I never claimed they were, I Would say that we probably talked about the Sixers the second most of all n NBAs.


All right. I'm not even trolling. I'm just generally curious. Shut the Fuck up. You're you're tr you're not trolling you pussy. Of course you're trolling. Well that's the only thing you fucking do on that couch When he Says, I've done so much for the city. You think Philly fans are thinking, yeah, you know what Joel, you have No property taxes. He probably pays A lot. He's just saying he has done so much. 'cause he gets hurt every fucking year in the, in the playoffs and he plays hurt every fucking year. And I'm sure it's not good on his body long term. That's what he's saying. Got it. He's ama he's a, a unicorn of a human that should not be playing as much basketball as he is. And he does it. I mean, he, he's probably not gonna be able to walk in 20 years because of it.


So that's what he does for the city. But he doesn't have to play that much basketball because it's Only Yeah. Well now he's not doing it so that he can play in the playoffs and be healthy. Right. But he doesn't have to play that much in the Playoffs, but don't Make the Playoffs. Right. And we Do make What do you mean we don't make the playoffs? There's time. We didn't make the playoffs. Hank said, what if, tell me the last time we didn't make the Playoffs. Well, I didn't sass. I said, what If he said what if I can, I can also barely hear what you're saying because took Headphones off. Yeah, you took on headphones. He said, what if you don't make the Playoffs, They're gonna make the playoffs. What's the record? Paul George is playing tonight. If if the, if the game, if the Pft you look it up. If the playoffs started today, would they make the Playoffs? Okay. I'm looking it up right Now. They're one in four. Oh, So they wouldn't make Oh oh one in four. What are we gonna do five games into the season?


Well, it's gonna be one in five because you're gonna lose the suns tonight. Paul George Is playing. Well, what's interesting is they are in second to last in the East. Oh, oh. The Wizards would make the playoffs if they started tomorrow. Congrats. Hang a banner. Oh wow. Five games into the season. The washing thought was Gonna make the playoffs. The the ball would be the fifth seed. Wow. Congrats. Pretty crazy. Any more questions? I just was wondering like he puts his body on the line, but he doesn't have to play that many playoff games. He Also gets paid like a gazillion dollars and he Doesn't have to play that many playoff games. Gazillions Max. He has to play 14 playoff games. Right?


We're done with this. He does. You've Am I writing? He said your piece, Am I Right? He puts his body on the line for the City. Well he, he, he put his body on the line for the MVP and then he just stopped like playing after That. That's not incorrect. It's like Joelle and b and cops both put their lives on the line for the city of Philadelphia. Thank you for, for And he also doesn't put his body on the line in Denver. USA though. That was cool. It was, it was nice that his body was available to be on the line in the summer. Yeah. It was nice for Jason Tam To said that goes out. He actually, he actually could've, it would've been more apt for him to say, I've done so much for this country. Yeah. 'cause he is won something for this country. He's done. Yeah. He's done just as much for me as he has for you, max More.


Yeah, It's true. Alright, good. Show boys. But again, we stand by Joel and Bead And we Stand Byop pushing that guy. We 100% Stand by. Je we got here. I Want that to be very clear. Yes. I and Kelsey, we stand by both those guys. Also, the guy that maybe I'm being too woke about this. You know, the guy that was talking shit to Kelsey Hoodie, sunglasses cap pulled real low. I'm just saying, what if it was, what if it was a big viral ad? I feel like they would've would be most different word. And it got outta Yeah, but it got outta his Ad to be like, just drop the f slur. Yeah. But it, But also it would, it would've Been, it would've worked.


It would've been a good a it worked. It was the talk of also, it could've also been a plant by James Franklin. Yep. To be like, Hey, can you get this video viral so no one could talk about me not beating Ohio State for the millionth year in a row. I think that was before the game. Yeah. Yeah. But he knew But he knew. Yeah, he knew. He did know. He did know. We are, what was that? That's Penn State fans. We are numbers three, five. Let go. 21 4 11. Oh jeez. Shit man. Hank just took Shane's number.


Did Hank take 21? Yeah, he took 21. What the fuck? So his troll, it's in beads number. That's, I wasn't, you take 21 for a year, man. You don't own a number. Facts. 15. Pug. 99. 49. 49. Love you guys.