
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today. It's part of my take. It is week 15 in the NFL. We've got a lot of games to talk about. Bill's, Lions, bills, maybe the best team in the NFL Eagles statement Win Chiefs going to 13 and one PFTU surviving in the dome. Survive the dome, survive the dome.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. It's the most wonderful time of the year. Forgetting in on all the hoops. Football and hockey action and Draftking Sports book. In the season of giving, we're being gifted college football and basketball, pro football and basketball and pro hockey too. Almost 24 7. So many games every day. So many opportunities to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app and place your bet. And here's a gift for all New customers. Bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. So download the Draftking Sports book app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks. Happy holidays from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see d kng.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Hey Football guy. My take my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks. Happy holidays from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, December 16th, week 15.


What? What? Tick, tick, tick, tick. Not going to get 'em. P some. We started Nashville, where running back Chase Antonio Brown got to CTE. See the end zone. As the Bengals were fighting for their playoff hopes, the Hennessy Titans came out hot and looked to be in it until spill. Levis left a brown stain in his pants throwing three picks. But what's that? What's that? Is that Mason Rudolph the Red nose reindeer's music. Oh my God. It is. Who comes in relief to save the season and he threw a pick the Bengals stay alive.


Thanks to Sam. I am Hubbard saying I do like touchdown passes. Sam, I am Bengals 37 Titans 27 What? Over to New York, where Rashad Master Bateman shot out a couple seeds and permanently into the giant season. There's been a lot of talk about dangerous flying objects in New Jersey as both Tim Boyle and Tommy DeVito attempted passes on Sunday. Furthering concerns residents of the garden state. Lamar Stewart Jackson might be getting older but that, but don't quit as he did unspeakable things to the New York Stock Exchange Giants on the way to a blowout Ravens 35, the demon 14 in Carolina where Cowboys ride receiver Creedy lamb couldn't be stabbed.


While on the other side of the line, Micah Parsons saying, my Scra the bride absolutely destroying the tiny young, making him regret his pro-choice. The lone highlight for Carolina came when the offense got a huge bump from Jalen Coker to end the first half, but they were only able to return to the bathroom slash end zone. One more time. In the second half, Cowboys 30 Panthers 14. And we head down to Florida where memes is there for the Jets. Jaguars tilt In Florida where Aaron Rogers committed several HIPAA violations against the Jacksonville Jabo Wars throwing for three touchdowns. Devonte digs.


Adam Adams at the half said, gimme the ball or I will dust your ass. Boch. Brian, Rob, Brian, Rob Thompson said, baby baby, it's 1:00 PM I must be lonely in the end zone with the Jaguars. Only touchdowns the end zone was calling for Trevor at tn. At TN to come home with the help of, from the Wizard of ass Doug Peterson, but fell short. Jets 32 Jaguars. 25 Thank you memes. We go to Tampa where Mike Angelo Evans is experiencing a renaissance as he painted a masterpiece with 159 yards and the Bucks had a nice little package featuring Levite's statue of David and a touching tribute to Max Diante. Justin Herbert suffered another ankle injury after taking way too many shots.


Meanwhile, Vladimir Putin McConkey offensive efforts were stolen as the Chargers offense continues to lack real and Russian threats. Los Angeles, Laker Mayfield and Labonte David are back from their unexplained absence from earlier this season. Leaving Judge Judy saying he didn't just beat us, did he bucks 40 Charger 17. We head Out west where Hank is out there for the Cardinals and Patriots game. Patriot in Arizona in the first quarter. Rick Kyle Murray said It gets to a point, dude after Craig, Luke Dorsch fumbled the ball into the end zone. But it was recovered by Jonah Hill Williams for a touchdown.


And he said, I'll tell you what, I'm never eating at a Be Hana again. I don't care whose birthday it is. Drake K Rallying May was a soer with the stone all day throwing for a TD to demario Douglas Dimed dome owner of the Dimsdale dimed dome and running for another in the fourth quarter. But it wasn't enough to take down the Cardinals. And James Sean Connery who said winner, go home and fuck the prom queen. After stealing the victory with two fourth quarter scores, Cardinals win 30 17 Over to Pennsylvania where Max Diante, who's on the ir? Was that the game We Had over to Philadelphia where Kenneth two chains well had everyone saying, oh yeah, follower alert Little Steelers a bitch and are now on fraud alert.


TJ Squat had the weight of the whole team on his back as seemingly he was the only Steeler show up to Philly today. Jalen SCO skirts played like an absolute savage today and had all the haters and Philly eating their words. Eagles 27 ski US 13. We go over to Detroit where Josh Ray Allen was getting there, switching back and forth between throwing and passing touchdowns on the Lions D Sunday, Dan John Skipper ran furiously towards the white line, but claimed it was the first time he tried it. As he scored a touchdown of the first half, Sean mc dermatologist was able to help James Cook with his hair loss as a Buffalo Bills Clintons pulled out their victory cigar against the Detroit Leon skis and their snazzy blue dress Bill.


48, the Lions 40 toe Standing on the corner. Jamis Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fine sight to see its Carson wins locked up for arson since he burned down Washington C Come on my homes. You've got some strong bones. The sky cam looks just like the LN drones Chiefs 21 Brown seven.


And that is the Fastest two minutes for week 15. Brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rush warrant pickup trucks. And that's because, Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of, Pardon My Take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado's been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year. Grit Week and Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. In this year, Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings a grit, legendary grit paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com to build your own Silverado or Silverado hg and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week 15 in the books And boys. We had a lot of football. Got a lot of football to talk about. Early was tough. There was a moment early where we were watching Jake Haner, Spencer Rattler, Tim Boyle, Tommy DeVito, DTR. Who am I missing? M Jones Jones was out there. Matt Jones. Cooper Rush. It got ugly for a little bit there. Yeah. Carson wince. Mason Rudolph Will Levi. Yeah, it was, it was ugly for a little bit there, but we got, we got some great games in the afternoon. But we're gonna, we're gonna recap 'em all and we'll start with PFTU surviving the dome Commander's, twenties Saints 19.


Yeah. Holy shit. You almost got screwed with the clock. But also if Darren Rizzi had maybe started Spencer Rattler instead of J Kaner, who, I don't think I've ever seen a quarterback. Like we watch all types of quarterbacks. J Kaner. It actually looks like a dangerous for him to be out there. Yeah, He looks like an acrobat back there. Yeah. And wearing the black tights, it looked like he was wearing Lululemon athletic pants instead of football pants. It was the, the pictures of Jake Hanner. I was nervous about it because I could not lose to Jake Hanner. No, that's a, that's a loss that will folly around. But ER's gonna hate I guess because he was, he was not good. No, He was bad. He was not good. And then Spencer Rattler got in and looked pretty decent. Actually, I, I thought that Jayden played pretty well.


He missed a couple wide open bombs to Terry McClure by like a, a total of, probably a total of eight inches away from three more touchdown passes. Yeah, Larry. Yeah. So we had our chances missed some of the chances. Defense played good enough at the end when they got the ball down to like the two yard line and the clock just stopped with nine seconds left. I was screaming, I was going nuts. I don't know how that happens. I don't know. I guess it's in the dome. It was crazy. The Dome clock operator. So after the game shut Hockey league was like, yeah, that shouldn't have happened. Our bad. Sorry about that. Almost cost you the game Almost cost us the game. If you had the commanders minus seven, you should be eligible to sue Roger Goodell. Yeah, You should. I'd Agree. You should demand restitution from him for that because that was dirty what happened at the end of that game.


But Darren Risley's field goal defense remains excellent. So we missed a field goal at the very end from like 50 some yards. And we missed a field goal at the end of the third quarter. That didn't count. And because I guess the clock had expired before it was snapped. So then he got to kick it again at the start of the fourth corner. Rizzie was not happy about that. Yes. He said, I've coached kickers for 30 years and I can tell you if they get a a practice shot, they're gonna make the second one. Yeah. More often than not. So listen, not gonna apologize for a win. No, it's hard. It's hard to win on the road in this league. That, That that was a game. It was the weirdest game because it was with JK her in, it was never in doubt. And it was like, the commanders are gonna cake walk to this one.


It's easy. And then they put in Spencer Rattler and there was, you know, seven games going on. So you kind of lose track and then you look up and you're like, oh shit, the commanders are in one right now. Yes. And you can't lose this game. So it was awesome to see Latimore out there. 'cause Marsha and Latimore played for the first time against his old team. The Saints, they didn't throw at him a single time. Smart. No catches, no yards, no targets. That also might be 'cause of the quarterbacks playing Probably also 'cause of the quarterback, but they threw to other guys. Yeah. They just didn't target him at all. Mike Sand was still I love that dude. He's come on strong. I'm, I'm a little bit, I'm apprehensive about the Eagles next week. The commanders, they're, they're a good team, but I don't think that they're where they, they're not gonna win a playoff game if they keep playing like this.


Yeah. So listen, they're nine in five. The commanders are nine five. Great season for the first time since 1992. Wow. That's pretty crazy. So I'm, that is nuts. I'm happy. I could have dealt with like a little bit less stress today. But overall I did find myself saying though, like right after the game, I started doing the playoff machine thing. There's a possibility we get to succeed. Mm. And avoid the eagle. The Eagles are banged up though. I I'm gonna need you to beat the Packers week 18. It's again, I you keep, you keep saying that there's, it's not gonna happen. That's The key To all this. It's not gonna happen. That's The key to all this. So it ain't gonna happen. Yeah. A a win is a win. Wait, that's you guys winning out and the packer and the Bears beating the Packers. Yeah.


No, I, you gotta move on from something else. I'm, you gotta you gotta move on to something else. That's just not gonna happen. Don't waste any energy on that. What if you guys win tomorrow, then We're not gonna win tomorrow. We're not gonna win another game. But yeah, that was, it was crazy. 'cause I I was, I I'm sure you felt the same way where it was like, wait, what's happening right now? Why is this a game? Yeah. How is this possibly a game right now? There are a few things like, again, Terry McClure could have had three more touchdown catches. Yeah. There was a few of those And there were just like very, very slight overthrows. The big, the big issue for the commanders. I, I don't think we will stick around and that's like the running game sucked today with the exception of, of Jayden just tucking in and, and going 20 yards whenever he felt like it.


But our center was out And we couldn't block anybody so we couldn't get Brian Robinson to run game going. So hopefully when he gets back, I'm still, I I I feel like this could be an inbound shit pumping. 'cause I thought we were gonna wamp the Saints. Yeah. And it was not a wmp, It was a WMP for, until Spencer Rattler showed up. And again, I don't know what the hell Rizzie thought he was gonna get a spark with Jake Haner also. Did you see Izzy like caressing the back of Jake ER's head? That doesn't really help Jake Haner. I Did that to Blake this morning. Yeah, that's the same move, like scratch on the back of the head. Yeah. That was weird. Who's a good quarterback? I didn't really understand that, but yeah, I, it listen. Hey, next week. Anything, anyone can win any game. Yeah. It's at home. Listen, we're Not, Eagles are banged up.


Max has got one foot. Yeah. Max is banged up. But I, we can get to that later. I think that the, the foot thing might be a good thing for Max. Really? I think it might be good vibes. Like everyone's banged up. Like you said, max absolutely gritting out a foot injury to do a podcast. True, true. Also, your win today officially eliminated the bears. Oh, sorry. So That's okay. I mean that they should, they really need to change the, in the hunt and just be like, teams that are not eliminated, but everyone knows they're eliminated. Just eliminate them. Yeah. Come on. Just, just be like, Hey, we, they're eliminated. Yeah. Like stop fucking around. This is stupid Spencer Rattler.


Maybe the future, I don't know. I mean, I would probably not, I would without A doubt start 'em next week. Yeah. Oh definitely. I don't understand how you get to Jake Haner. No. Like, I don't, I don't know how that decision took place when watching him. It seriously, it felt like a danger to him when he got sacked. He, he looks so much smaller than everyone else and you're like, this is a problem. He's gonna be in like bodily harm every time he takes a snap. Yeah. He was like a crash test on me. His ankles were like ending up over his head. Yeah. As he got sacked somehow. Yeah. So, okay. Good. Good win needed that win. What's the playoff percentage at? What you gonna M Max? What'd you make that face for? Not a good win. I Mean, that wasn't a good win. Every win is Good win.


I had to win that game. Did win that game. How about that? Had to win that game. Did win that game, correct? Yeah. I'm not, not gonna apologize, max, what's, what's The commander's chance of getting in? 82%? Yeah, I mean if they had lost that game it would've been very, very bad. But I Don't know if ramp, I don't know if that counts this week because it says right there, it's got the New Orleans Saints symbol. No, It does. It does. It counts This week. Okay. Okay. 82 percent's pretty fucking good. 82 percent's good. I'm happy. Listen, this, this season was supposed to be the season before the season, so Who do you guys have after the Eagles? We got the Eagles and the Falcons, then the Cowboys. That's right. Right. And the Rams have the Jets I believe. Yep. Who They could be hot. Oh, memes is smiling again. All it took was one Jets win for memes to be like, he put Aaron Rogers' head back on his on.


He Just keeps doing AI of me on different famous hand or wheelchair people. Like who? Steven Hawking. He Just face swapped me and Sister Jean. That's good. I like that. If you could forward that to the group chat names. Yeah, that'd be nice. I would like would to see all those. Alright, so just hold off the Rams. PFTI try. I need you to hold off the Rams. I'm doing everything that I can to hold off the Rams. Yeah. Rams have Jets. Cardinals, Seahawks. It's Gonna be tough. Listen, I'm excited. I'm happy. This is awesome for me. And also also we might have Seahawks with Chino. We, we just watched that. He might be in Trouble. Yeah. He might be in trouble. Yeah. Significant trouble. Yeah. Yeah. No, you should be Happy. I'm very happy and I'm not gonna apologize for winning. I'm enjoying this season.


It's been great. You needed that win. You got that win. Yep. That's all that matters. All right, next up Chiefs 21 Brown seven Chiefs finally win a game easily. The big story though is, well there's two big stories. Patrick Mahomes, high ankle sprain. Do we believe it? Do we think it matters? Because he, I feel like this happens to him once a year and he ends up being totally fine and everyone's like, oh man, he's banged up, but it'll be fine. So do we believe it? I think, no, I don't believe it. Yeah. He has the ability to just go back and like hover over a, a medical device kit, like in a video game for a little bit and he just recharges. Yeah. I mean, even if he misses a game, they, they're 13 and one, they're two games up on the, on the buy.


So like, they could afford the, the one bad thing for him is they play Saturday and Wednesday. Yep. So that's not exactly an easy schedule if you having a high ankle sprain. But the Chiefs could realistically sit him for a game, let him get healthy and then win the last two games and still get the one seed. Yeah. The NFL is not gonna let Patrick Mahomes sit out on Christmas. No, no. Absolutely not. It Happened in the Super Bowl Carson, and it was like, he's, he's gonna be hurt for the Super Bowl. And he went in halftime, got the super steroids and was fine. Yeah. It didn't happen in the playoff game against the maybe as well. Whichever. There was one Where it was like, it looks bad. Yeah, it's really bad. Went to locker room. He was fine. Yeah. Yeah. So what, who do they have on Christmas Day again? They have the Steelers. They play the Texans on Saturday and the Steelers on Wednesday.


There's 0% chance that Carson wins. He he will be the wince who stole Christmas. Yeah. They can't, they cannot let us have Carson Wentz on Christmas. But the bigger story is it might be over for Jamis in Cleveland. We needed something from him today. Cleveland. In Cleveland. Because Cleveland needed to see him play against the Bengals defense In Cleveland is what we, what we're saying. Not over forever. But he had three picks. The, the chief's defense was insane today. They were, they had six, six turnovers. They had a bunch of sacks. They were also the third worst team in terms of takeaways going into this game. So they had 10 going into the game.


They got six just today. And Yeah. That when you get benched for DTR, it's bad. He was on, I'll say this, if you watch this game, the chief's defensive line was on fire and Jamis had no time. No time. So no one would've been able to, to handle that. Also, he continues to be delivered from pick sixes. Yep. I think two of his interceptions were thrown into the opponent's end zone. Yep. Which is as far away from a pick six as you can get. Yep. So he is improving. You know what I'm okay with Jameis, just like traveling the United States playing for various teams. Yeah. You know, like every fan base should be so lucky to have an experience like Jameis Winston for a season as a bridge quarterback. I don't know what's gonna happen now.


I I it getting bench for DTR is bad. Maybe it was just a, we need to see a different look in this game. Maybe There was also one, one of the interceptions, I think it was Trent mcd Duffy's. Yeah. He said after the game that he saw Jamis throw it to his side of the field on the video board during the play. So he turned his head around. So he was cheating. So He was cheating. Yeah. So you can see it also on, on the replay of it from the end zone angle. He's, he's trailing his guy into the end zone. He looks up at the video board in the end zone and then he turns his head around to intercept it. That's cheating. That's cheating. You shouldn't be allowed to do that. That Shouldn't count as a pick against Jamis. No, it shouldn't. That's that's a, a pick against the jumbo tron. Yeah. The, the Browns are just a bummer to watch. And it is. It, this is so Chiefs that they finally had a game where they, it was like never a worry.


They didn't, they still didn't look like incredible because Patrick Holmes is under fire. Like their offensive lines a problem, but they have no, no problems taking care of the Browns. They're 13 in one and then they're like, Hey, let's just throw in a Patrick Mahomes ankle injury just so that we can get the haters and doubters back out. And then after the game was over to make matters worse for Browns fans, they leaked to story that Deshaun Watson might come back and compete to be the starting quarterback next Year. Why? They're not closing the door on DeShaw. Why? What was his injury? Achilles. He should never be in a room with door closed. Yeah. It was Achilles. This is, I'm just bummed about Jamis. Yeah. I'm really bummed about Jamis. Where does he go?


Memes wants him on the Jets. Yeah. He Wants him as a bridge quarterback who wins the Super Bowl on the Jets. That's actually a really, that's the perfect bridge quarterback. Alright, So let's find a landing home for, for Jamis next year. Maybe the Saints go back to New Orleans Saints would be good. I actually wouldn't hate him on the Seahawks as Gino's back up. Yeah, That'd be fun. He should actually, you know where he should go. He should go to the Dolphins. If, if Jamis was on the Dolphins this year, they wouldn't have lost all the games the Tua was out for. That's true. And It'd still be a lot. And he would take shots. He would, he would try to find Tyreek. Right. He wouldn't do this stupid dump off offense that they showed us today. Yeah. Chiefs Chiefs Get him a get him a ring.


That would be great. I'd be fine with Jamis. Ring ring chasing. I have a question. Yeah. Eagles, Do you get, do you guys get nervous about him going to a team that you can't rhyme the Jamis song with? Oh, we can something Out. We'll figure we can figure it out. Because I get worried. I'm, that's Something that gets you worried. Yeah, That's what, that's what I think of. I mean we, it's down in, in Cuyahoga now, so it's like you can think of something. I know that was a good one. Hey. But we would just find a, a city near wherever he is playing. Just a random city. I'd get nervous of him like going to the Packers. 'cause that would suck. Yeah. Where going to a place where he couldn't root for him. Yeah. That's what I, I would hate That would, that would really suck. Yeah. If you went to the Eagles, that would suck.


Or he went to the Cowboys. That would be bad. He, it's just bad. It's a bad, it's a bummer. Although, and there's something about the Browns too. Like it's extra bummer because the late season Browns games, the weather just is so gr gross. Yeah. And just the game looks disgusting. If He went to the Cowboys, that'd be fun for a little bit because you could just, I, I would just lean into it. Like bench Stack Prescott. Right? Start James Q be Controversy. Yeah. James is so much better. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't, I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna do. I don't know what I, it feels like a crisis though. Mahomes limping off. Yeah. I I mean if it's a high ankle sprain for real. That's not, he does do these crazy.


Have you seen his workouts where he is like, he, he does the offseason workouts where he is just twisting himself constantly. I feel like that does keep him like very healthy routinely. But high ankle sprain for two games, three games in 10 days is not exactly what you want if you're the Chiefs. No. And also for the Brown, it was just a bummer day for the Browns because Nick Chubb out for the season. Yeah. Broke his Foot. And that might be, I don't wanna say his career, but it definitely, how old is Nick Chubb? It just Feels like, I don't think he's that old, but Yeah, it seems like him and He's had so many injuries. He's gonna be, he's gonna be 29 in, in a week. Yeah. So I got a question for you.


Bummer. Where was Taylor Swift today? Was she not at the game? Does she Hate Cleveland? Because I, my thought was the two biggest stars in the world both refuse to go to Cleveland Taylor Swift. Marlon's. Man. That's the only place that Marlon's man won't go. That's true. You know, that's, what is it about Cleveland that's keeping all the stars out? I thought she was in Cleveland, Dante that Don said that he was trying to get her to go to John boy in Cleveland this Weekend. Was he just anticipating Galaxy either? Well, I guess it was her birthday. Okay. So Was what what I just, that's funny that he was trying to get her to go to John. He was like, I'm John boy. Yeah. Or save a table for her. Yeah. I mean he was, you got a dream to get It's a great place to have a Birthday.


Yeah. So I thought, I thought she was there, but maybe She wasn't. No, she, she didn't go to the game. Oh wow. That's, isn't he from Ohio? Yeah, Travis was from Cleveland. So that was like, it was like a big deal that it was, you know, maybe his last game in Cleveland. Where was Marlon's man today? Where was Marlin's band? Was he with Taylor Swift? That was the big question is where was Marlin's band? Yeah. Yeah. I wonder if there were Official word from stadium security is that Taylor Swift is not attending today's Game. Interesting. Interesting. But she was in Cleveland, according to my sources, down to the dunk this weekend. She decided not to go. That really just tells you, was He trying to get you to help? No, no. He just tweeted. Oh, I just saw him tweet it. I think you Probably thought that she, since the Chiefs were in town, she might be there.


And it was her birthday, so he was like, yeah, it's her birthday dinner and then we're gonna try to get her to go to John. Boy was like, fuck, let's do it. Let me find, let me find the tweet. I listen. You're laughing, but hey, he's a businessman. No. Yeah. Like that would be unbelievable if if that Had happened. Yeah. It would've been incredible. It would've popped off. He might've deleted the tweet shit. Well, he's gonna be mad at you Hank For laughing at this. I I love Dante. I love John boy. I, John Boy's a great bar. Also great ratio for any, any, any guys out there? Not anymore. Oh yeah, the farm Thinking Taylor Swift was gonna go to John boy for her birthday is Crazy. Why not? You're in Cleveland. Yeah.


Where else are you gonna go? It's true. It's true. Yeah. Okay. Next game. Bengals 37 Titans. 27 Bengals still alive. Somehow The Bengals, it could happen. It could happen. There is, there is a path for the Bengals now. Yeah. It's Unfortunately at, at expense of the Chargers, which I, we will get to, but I I'm gonna admit the Chargers are not gonna win the Super Bowl or maybe even get to the playoffs point. So at this point, look at, look at the Broncos schedule though. Yeah. Look at the, it might be more, let's pull it up at the expense of the Broncos. Okay. Because the Broncos, they, they do play the Chargers next week I think. And Then they play the Bengals. Right. And, and They play the Bengals. And I think they play the Chiefs too, right? Who they might, the Chiefs will most likely have everything wrapped up, so they probably won't play anyone.


Yeah. But still. So It could happen. It could happen. The Bengals, this was a a, a game where, like at the beginning of the game it was like, what the fuck is going on? They're down 14 seven and, and Joe Bar's throwing a pick and everything looks weird in this. It's like, oh yeah, that's right. Unfortunately it's Will Levis versus Joe Burrow and he'll just throw some, some interceptions your way Bengals and you'll be fine. The Bengals even had a, we had two Deshaun Jackson moments today. One one, which we'll talk about later. That was very significant. But the Bengals, like they, they had no problem winning this game even though they started as slow as you could start. Yeah. This one was an unintentional Unintentional Yeah.


For Sean Jackson moment. He was just kind, running, running Around with it. He got excited at the one yard line. Yeah. And then he freaked out. I thought the, the better defensive player running with the ball in this game was tore swag. Oh yeah. So our guy stat hole posted this, I think it's true. That's the heaviest player to ever run with a football in NFL history. He Sent me that too. And Ted Washington I feel like was heavier. I don't to Andre sweat is 366 pounds. He might be. Yeah. And, and I'll tell you what, he's faster than I am. The stiff arm he threw on Alex Kappa was ferocious. Yeah. Ferocious. And he was, I love when a big guy picks up the ball and he's like, I may never get this again. I'm going to the House. Yeah. He made the most of it. And He was maybe 60 yards away from getting to the house, but he was trying to go to the house.


So the league has an abundance of sweat on defense. Yeah. They got Montez to Andre and Josh Sweat. Yep. On defense. This is probably the sweatiest the league's ever been. Yep. It's awesome. It was an awesome run. And we also are just going, gonna continue the Joe Burrow should, should be in the MVP discussion. But his team sucks because Joe Burrow six straight games with three plus to passing touchdowns. And he is now six pl straight games. 250 plus passing yards. Three plus touchdowns. Only other person to do that is Tom Brady. He's insane. Yep. It's insane how good he is been and they're not gonna make in the playoffs.


But he's been incredible. Yep. And the Titans. Good luck. Good luck with the rest of your season. I vote that we should probably put the Titans with the Jaguars. Yeah. We'll find something else to Talk about. We don't need to to talk about 'em anymore. They're probably not gonna win another game I would say. Oh no, they play the Jaguars. So I guess that game on Thursday, I don't think it's a Thursday game. Should be, you should flex that to Thursday. Like a, a double header Thursday That should be played at 4:00 PM Yeah. Yeah. The Titan, the Titans. Titans are the six six pick right now. There's so many bad teams. So many bad. So how many teams have three wins right now? There are the Patriots, the Jags, the Panthers, the Titans, the Browns.


So that's what, five teams? Five. And then there's another two teams with four wins and two teams. So there's, there's nine teams with four or less wins. Damn. It's a lot of bad teams. A lot of bad Pat and Panthers are are good three win teams though. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Good. Good For three win teams. They're good. Yeah. One of the best three win teams in history Out of that group. Yeah. Like I Pats and Panthers are, are the future is bright. Okay. Would you power rankings? You'd say they're the top three win team. Yeah. I mean the Panthers have been coming on strong, but I would say it's, it's New England and Carolina Cleveland. No, with Jamis.


They just, they just got rid of, they don't even have a quarterback. Yeah, That's true. That's true. By the way, shout out to Sam Hubbard because he scored a touchdown, which is very cool. Also got hurt on that, which sucked. And it, like in reading the tea leaves, he, he might be a cap casualty this year, which would suck because he's, you know, been a Bengals legend for them for however long now. But if that was his last play for the Bengals, kind of a cool way to go out scoring a touchdown. Yeah. What was the injury that he had? I think he said possible PCL. Oh that's not good. But it was like a contested catch too. It was an awesome catch. Yeah, it was great. Yeah. So that does suck for him. But if, if it's the end, that's a very cool moment to have it be the end.


I don't, there's no way the Bengals are making the Playoffs. What's their odds? There's no way the Bengals are making the playoffs. What, Like 3%? I mean we all want them to make the playoffs just because it'd be so much fun. It is. There is a path though. I don't believe the percentage that I saw earlier. My personal math. I did the math in my head. I've got 'em at 24%. I have 'em at 5%. They're at 5%. 5%. There's no chance It's too low. It's way, It's Way too, it's a big 5%. It's a huge 5%. It's a long five. I just want them to at least be able to keep saying like, we are still alive until the very end so they can keep trying as hard as they can. Well We have killed them like nine times. Yeah.


And Joe Burrow's gonna probably end if he plays the rest of the season, which I would assume he will. He's gonna probably lead the league in passing yards and touchdowns. So he's had an incredible year and they just, man that's, it's gotta be the most torturous feeling to look back at that schedule and be like, how do we lose this game? How do we, let's do that real quick. Sorry. Sorry. Bengals fans. You're gonna wanna maybe skip ahead here. Let's do the top week one. Top three. How did they lose that game? Yeah. Week one to the Patriots. Think that's the number one on the List. Week one of the Patriots. Let's see. Oh, the Chargers game was pretty bad too. That Chargers game was bad. I think maybe the Ravens 30, both Ravens, 35, 34.


Both Ravens and then Ravens. 41, 38. Yeah. The Steelers. So, and Chiefs, Chiefs game when they got screwed by the refs, all they needed was one. If one of these changed. And You could look at the Commanders game week three and say like, if they had, if we had forced them to punt one time Yeah. We could've won that game. Yeah. If we had taken the commanders seriously. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Next up. Cowboys Panthers. Cowboys 30. Panthers 14. Hank credit to you. You're exactly right. Thank you. Let's not have the Panthers be favorites anymore. Thank You. Yeah. Very stupid. What, 33 weeks in a row that they were underdogs. Yep. Should have been 34. Yep. That was, that was an oversight by Las Vegas. Yep. But yeah, the Cooper Rush looked pretty good today.


'cause I think he realized I should just continue to throw the ball to Ralph Wickham City Lamb. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Ralph Wickham feed him the ball en Rico Doell is awesome. Yeah, he had like 149 yards. He's been awesome. The, the Cowboys defense was all over Bryce Young. He like had no, especially in the second half, felt like he had no time. Bryce Young kind of, I mean, not a day. You wanna forget. He's, he's gone, he's done a lot better. But this was definitely a day he wants to forget because he had four turnovers. There's six sacks. He was just harassed the entire game. And I, I think if you just keep getting the ball to dole and makes it a little turpen too.


Yeah. 'cause like he's dynamic with the ball in his Hands. Yeah. And then every now and then, just be like, Zeke. Yeah. You need two yards. Zeke will get you one. I think they put Zeke in just, just to make Jerry Jones happy. I feel like He had one good, Just to make Jerry feel young. I feel like he had one good play. I, I feel like I looked up and I was like, oh shit. Zeke. And he wasn't tackled for a loss. He had his longest rush was five yards. There we go. Oh yeah. Yeah. No, it was his, he caught one ball for 11 yards. He's Back. That's huge. He's, He, it's like depressing watching Ezekiel Elliot run with a football in his hands. Yeah. You think he's happy though? Like no. Being like, well probably not, but he gets at least like he shouldn't be on an NFL roster anymore. And at least he gets to keep catching a paycheck.


Yeah. They, they did the rare bring him back and then pay him for his service that he provides you over the years. Yeah. Usually that doesn't happen. Usually you give some guy a contract who's still on your team. Like in the NBA This happens Sometimes. Yeah. Jerry's good to his guys. Yeah, you good To your guys. But to bring someone back and then give them like a retirement contract is Crazy. Yeah. Rico Doll was 25, carries 149 yards, six yards carry Zeke, they gave it to him nine times for 30 yards. 3.3 yards per carry. That's really nice. That's really nice that they did that for him. Yeah. So letting your, letting your oldest dog have like a T-bone steak. Yeah. Like okay. This might be your last, your last week. Yeah. Let's make you feel good.


By the way the Cowboys won three straight and I think Mike McCarthy or no, they've, sorry. They've, they've won three outta last four. The Bengals game obviously with the Leon let play. But are they've saved Mike McCarthy's shot. I think they might have, I think McCart, I think say Michael McCarthy shot, I think he might be coming back next season. This is a game that if they lose then you would think Okay, time to get rid of Mike. Right. But I think he's done enough where they'll bring him back. And then Steven Jones was talking about how like they need to figure out what they did wrong. The different procedures and mechanisms that need to be put in place as a front office to make sure that they can turn this around. It's still gonna be Jerry and Steven Jones Right. Making all the decisions. Yes. So it's gonna continue to be Fucked.


And they said, I think it's gonna be tight this off season. 'cause they don't have a lot of money. Yeah. Which is what they always are at. Yeah. Well they couldn't get Derrick Henry last year. Yeah. Couldn't Get Derrick Henry. He wasn't a fit. No. Also shout out to Cowboys of Mike McCarthy for at least attempting a 70 yard field goal. Yeah. There should be more of that in the NFL. It was great. It was nice to see. I actually think that he can make that. I do too. Maybe not outside. Yeah. But I would agree indoors. I think Brandon Aubrey could make that. It's just fun to attempt it. Like, we haven't had that since Janowski. I, I just wanna see it. Every time there's a 70 yard field goal, you're like, holy shit, everyone stop. Let's watch this. The Janowski field goal was especially funny because 76, It was 76 yards at the end of the half I think.


And I, it probably landed 15 yards short into the left. Yeah. This one he also hooked to the left a little bit. But I think just give him, that's your purpose for the rest of the season. Mike McCarthy. Let's, let's have him break the NFL record for longest field goal. Yeah. Yeah. Why not put credit to you. Hank you were right. The, the Panthers as as as better they've been playing better football should never be favorites. Yep. Should never ever be favorites. Also, there was a report that came out today. Stefan Diggs. He's gonna need like massive Trayvon. Oh yeah, yeah. Trayvon Diggs gonna need massive, massive surgery. Oh. Keeping him out. Maybe that's bad into next year. So it's, it's things are not looking good in Dallas. Wait, We're watching the Janowski.


Yeah. He was so short I missed it to the right. Yeah, he missed it so, so short. But it was awesome. They attempted was that Lane Kiffin? I think it was, I think Lane Kiffin was the coach of the Raiders then more of that. Yep. We need more of that in the NFL. Why not just the fuck it 70 yarder. Let's give it a shot. Alright. Anything else? I mean these are these early games were just like, like I said, we, we went through it and we're just like, what are we watching like to all these games? There's no, there's not a lot of teams that have winning records. But the Cowboys again, they're, they're six and eight. I wouldn't have expected 'em to be six and eight at this point in the season. No. If you asked me a month ago, Cooper Rush, he's been a good backup quarterback before.


Yeah. Yeah. He's kind of putting it, I don't wanna say putting it together, but Yeah. He's putting it together as a backup quarterback. I think he's he's handling business. Yeah. Relatively speaking. He's putting it together. He might be, if you had a better record going into the Cooper Rush experiment, he would be keeping you afloat That treading water. Yeah. He would've been able to tread water for you. That's the thing is the, the Cowboys sucked before Dak got hurt. Yeah. So you can't be like, oh, Dak got hurt and CD lamb is still incredible. Okay. Ravens 35 Giants 14. Another one that was oof the New York Giants. So before the game, the the new sign on the plane was Mr.


Mera Enough, we won't stop until you fire everyone Played or drone. Yeah. It was a, it was A plane that was No, that was one of the good aliens. Yeah. It was a plane. Aliens that Watch ball, Mr. Mayor. Enough, we won't stop until you fire everyone. It should be next week or whenever their next home game is their last home game of the season. The tweet that was ha to start the second half that said Tim Boyle is warming up as if he's going to play in the second half. No sign of Tommy DeVito outta the locker room. That's it. That's the Giants. I like that that sentence right there is the New York Giants and it's as sad and bad as it gets. I like that. 'cause if you read, if you read that in like a sarcastic voice, it's very funny.


It's like Tim Boyle is warming up as if he's gonna get into this game. Yeah, yeah. No, he was Tim Boyle's threatening to get into this Game. Yeah. As if he would and he did Bad, bad times in New York. But credit to Lamar Jackson. Great game from Lamar today. More touchdowns and in completions. Yeah. Five touchdowns for in completions. Yeah. Is he, is Lamar back in the MVP conversation? He Absolutely is. I think Josh Allen is, I mean, what Josh Allen's done the last few weeks has been insane. But I know you have an MVP ticket on Lamar. That's why I want to I'm He's back in conversation. I'm happy to help. I do too. I'm happy to help. All right. Let's Going. Let's discuss it. People aren't mad at us at all about Travis Hunters. Let hop right back in.


Let's Have the conversation. National Sports Podcast second place. Right. As of right now. As of right now. So he's in the hunt. Yeah. And listen, if he, if he just goes nuts for the last four games. Yeah. Who's to say, Who is say Odd schad? All that, all that matters is he's in second. He's won behind the leader. Odd schad odd Shots. Listen what we say, Lamar should be the MVP. Although we love Josh. I'm Willing No, I'm willing to say right now. He should not be the MVP. Okay. That's Josh Allen right now. But I think he's lurking. I will help you if you need. No, you don't. I don't, I don't wanna to get ged. I don't wanna get greed. All right. I mean, we would've voted for Ashton Gente if we had A vote. Yeah. I think we all agree on that.


Yeah. Rashad Bateman's really good. That was the only other note I took. That's like finally it feels like I, the Ravens, they had that little lull and it feels like they're, I mean, we'll, we'll find out on Saturday when they play the Steelers. 'cause if they beat the Steelers, it like kind of changes how the playoff picture might look and you know, they could hop up into the three seed and it's like, oh shit, this is gonna be a packed top three. Not the Steelers aren't bad, but I I I do think the Ravens are better. And so this will be a, a very interesting question on Saturday because Lamar has struggled against the Steelers. So back to what we talked about on Friday with this loss.


Now they are Oh. And eight. Oh eight. Oh eight. And so they would be the first team to go O and nine if they lose at home to the Colts. Yeah. Which is like a double insult that it's the Colts that Yeah. They're gonna do it to 'em Potentially. Maybe not though. We don't know. Maybe They'll win. I I'm gonna root for the Giants in that game. I wanna see the, I don't wanna see the Giants do that. Yeah. Win one game. Give Your fans one thing to, to like a, a happy Sunday to drive home with Guy who flies the plane. Please do use that tweet though. Tim Boyle is is is warming up as if he's going in. Yeah, that's a good one. Also. Fun fact, Mark Andrews now is the franchise record holder for the Baltimore Ravens for touchdowns. That is fun. Fact. Good For him. Kind of crazy.


Yeah. Jamal Lewis was was the person he, he passed This was a maybe a get right game for Justin Tucker. Yeah. Extra points only. Yeah, Five for five. Yeah. Felt good. It looked like they went right down the middle. Yeah. Felt good that he could see one go through. Yeah. He Saw five go through today. Yeah. That's gotta be good for the confidence. Yeah. This, this was not even, I mean this was, this game was, it's, it's rare that you have a 16 point spread in the NFL and you're like, yeah, I'll take It. Yeah. Never in doubt. Yeah. Fucking it's Tim Boyle and I mean, Tim Boyle did do an okay job force feeding it to Malik nabs in the second half. Yeah. And Malik Nabors is good. Yeah. So, and Malik neighbor. Okay, here we go. Giants fans. Malik Neighbors was seen warming up in the streets of New York with Shado Sanders this weekend.


Is that true? Yeah. They were throwing a ball. They were just playing catch. I mean, that would be awesome for the Giants fans. Yeah. So that, that's a little glimpse. Yeah. They got a little chemistry going. Yeah. Yeah. They were just throwing, throwing a little toss. Okay, before we get to the other two early games, PFT, you had a couple quick ads. Yeah. Before we get to the rest of the football.


Brought to you by our great friends over at Gametime. Gametime is focused on togetherness this holiday season. When you bring people together at live events, the experience is that much better and it's the perfect gift. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature, they're making it easier than ever to get into a game. Gametime picks filters out all the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. If you're thinking about the Bears Vikings game Monday Night Football, Hank, what are the Gametime picks for that game? You can get in into Minnesota for as cheap as $111. Who? 111 Bucks Monday Night Football. Divisional Triple Ones. Great event Triple ones down the low section. Just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or you can browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Get those Vikings tickets now with Gametime Picks. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account and use code PMT. Get 20 bucks off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for 20 bucks off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


These games are also brought to you by our good friends over at Simply Safe. Simply Safe is having a massive, massive deal right now. They're extending their Black Friday deal For our listeners, you can get 50% off a new SimpliSafe security system. If you ever worry about the safety of your home and family, there's no better time to act than right now. SimpliSafe is the home security to trust. Get 50% off today just by visiting simplisafe.com/pmt. It's your last chance to protect your home at SimpliSafe lowest prices of the year. SimpliSafe is a new way to protect your home that stops intruders before they break into your home. Old school systems only take action once someone is already inside your home. That's too late. SimpliSafe active guard outdoor protection. Change the game by preventing crime before it even happens. So they're extend extending their massive Black Friday deal for our listeners this week only you can get 50% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is your last chance to claim their best offer of the year. Head to simply safe.com/pmt. That's simplisafe.com/pmt. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Okay. Game of the year for memes, Jets 32 Jaguars 25. This was memes. This was everything you wanted to see. Not in the first half. Aaron Rogers started three for 8 55 yards in the first half. And then in the second half he was like, oh yeah, Devonte Adams is my best friend and I'm just gonna throw the ball to him. And Devonte Adams in the second half, he had no catches in the first half. He had nine catches, 198 yards, two touchdowns. He had Devonte Adams had 145 yards in the final four minutes in regulation and memes. Are you back? Are you back?


Unfortunately not. It was, it was almost every Well, I'm back in on Rogers. Yeah, no, that's what I'm asking. That's what I'm Asking. I'm backing on Rogers. Yeah. I'm not asking if you're back like you guys have been eliminated from play. I was asking for the future Rogers Back. No, you're right. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You're, you're eliminated. You have a quarterback. I gotta remind you, you're eliminated. Yeah. But your team could be completed as a whole going into next year Right. Would be being back in my head, but Okay. We don't have a coach unfortunately. Our defense is bad. Yeah. But Sauce, Very bad sauce. Garner was also bad. He got the game-winning pick. Got the game winning pick. But he, he was very bad today as Well. Okay, but are you back?


I'm Back on Roger Rogers. I'm back in on Rogers. I'm, I'm Definitely You put his fat head back up on the on you. I didn't put, yeah, I didn't put him on his body. But he's next to Because you had ripped it off, you had ripped his, his head off his body. Yep. Ripped it. Ripped it completely off. His arms are also gone And then he So are you putting him back on His arms? Everything, Just the head. I think the arms got thrown out. Okay. Okay. Did you throw him out? Yeah. Okay. So are you back in on Aaron Rogers with Devonte Adams? I'm back in on Aaron Rogers. If that means we get to keep Devonte Adams. Okay. So if you have to parent trap Devonte Adams into staying, What if something happens and Devonte's not there next year?


Still back on Aaron Rogers? No. Oh, You need, you need both. We need both. It's, yeah. Need mom and dad. It's a combo deal. Yeah. Who's daddy? Damn that was, I mean it was incredible. The second half. It was, it felt like Vintage Rogers and Devonte Adams felt like Vintage Rogers. The offense was clicking. Garrett Wilson is still stud. Aal Alan Lazar still can't catch. So there would be another touchdown added onto that. There was a.in there. It was beautiful. Yeah. Jaguars throwbacks were awesome. Doug Peterson's hair looked extra white. Yeah, they were great jerseys. And also I came to the conclusion that I don't think there's, maybe we could do a research topic on this, but I think Mack Jones might be the cockiest bad quarterback of all time.


Hmm. Drew Lock. Drew Lock is cocky, but like not in a Drew Lock has swagger. His Highs are, And he also has swagger. It's not like cockiness. That's like in like Mac Jones made. He had like a run today where he was like, he was doing the Dec Kembe finger. Did the grizzler. Yeah. He was doing everything. He was like, dude, you're, you're Mack Jones. What are you doing? He called it Sound Red a bitch. Yeah. Like he is, he is legitimately cocky for how bad he is. 'cause you know what I mean? Like Drew luck has swagger, but I don't, I don't, I don't think it, it, think of it as like total cockiness M Jones. Like he'll talk shit to someone down on a three in 10 team down a million and cry and then cry.


Cry. Yeah. Look at this. Look at this. He did the grizzler. Oh wow. Yeah. He, he, he did a, I dunno if you have the finger wag. He did one where he was just like, he was doing the de kembe finger wag at them. I need to sit down and think about this. The, the, the worst Quarterbacks with the most confidence. Yeah. With the, it's not confidence, it's cockiness. Cockiness. It's because confidence. Like I want confidence and, and confidence is good. But he's Cocky. Johnny Manzel. Yeah. But he was so good. Good In college. In college. Yeah. He was Johnny Football. I mean M Jones was good in college too. Yeah, True. He's just Jimmy G. Yeah, he does. Jimmy G wasn't cock like he didn't play. Yeah. No. Jimmy G wasn't cocky.


He didn't come off cocky. No, no. M Jones is cocky. You agree? Right? Oh yeah, for sure. It's crazy. It's crazy to watch him play football and be like, where, why is he talking shit? He's like country club kid cocky too. Like, he's like, rich, my dad's a lawyer. He's like, yeah, like he's a rich kid. Cocky like, yeah. Drew Locke actually had Possessed Swag. Yeah. Right. He's got Aura. Mac Jones is just like, yeah, he, he's got the cockiness of My dad will sue you. Which is not good. Cockiness. Brian Thomas is also really, really good. Yeah, he was, they were force feeding him and it was, but yeah, I don't know. I something about it. Mac, Mac Jones, he just, he just, Because most backup QBs too are like backup QBs.


They like, he's still got that I'm a starter. Yeah. Energy. Like yelling at, at people. Pointing at people. It's are whatcha doing dude, he's Also kind of a dirty player. Yeah, Definitely. Yeah. Oh, it's good that you can say that took you a while, but you can finally say that. Yeah. He was just a competitor when he was on the Patriots. Yeah. Memes. Would you like to talk about Bill Belichick? Trying to be the Jets head coach? Sure. Well, do you believe that report? I do believe it, But it was done by a Rossini. Yeah. At the Rossini. I'm marking down which one she's right about and which one she's Wrong. Got It. So we, we talked about this earlier and I think she's what, three for four? Two for three. Well, what was the one that she was wrong about? That you claim that they Were benching Aaron Rogers?


That there were discussions about benching Aaron Rogers? No, no. After the buy they're going to bench him was The report They will be benching Aaron Rogers. Yeah. So you, I don't, I don't Remember that. I don't believe, I don't remember. So you believe the Belichick one Know what, that's What the report was. Please forward that to our files Speech. Yeah. You believe the Belichick one? I I I believe the Belichick. I actually, I mean it would make sense why he all of a sudden decided to go to UNC. Like if he tried to go to the Jets and the Jets were like, no, that's the one franchise that say Yes should say Yes. So one franchise he shouldn't want to go to. So it's almost like him bending over backwards and be like, gimme a job, please. Yeah. He seemed desperate. Right? Yeah. Which is why I think the report was put out there by the Jets. Yeah. They saw their one opportunity to get a, a clean shot in at Bill and be like, Hey, he's down so bad that he even wanted to work for us.


Yeah. Which is maybe not the same own that they think that it is. Hank do you believe it? No. I mean, he took shots at the ownership on the Manning cast. I could definitely see it being a petty, like I could see him floating it out there, but I don't think it was too serious by Belichick. He also, did you guys see his, his contract, like details with the buyout? Oh yeah. It's like $1 million. Right. He Basically has it set up where he could potentially like, take an NFL job this, this off season. Well, Yeah, if like some team needed to coach in June, He would just do It. He could do it. Yeah. So, so he might never coach at UNC. So he is Like, that would be very funny. So like An if an NFL coach gets fired during the off season, then Bill could take their spot.


Yeah, I guess that's true with like Black Monday or whatever. Like it usually gets settled by June. But yeah, the, the way they structure the contract to be specifically like, you know, after June 1st, then the buyouts a lot less. Makes it seem like he is still, you know, telling UNC. Like I kinda wanna coach the NFL. Yeah. Right. What we found here, memes. Aaron Rogers disputed Diana s report. He doesn't wanna play for the Jets in 20. That doesn't say anything about benching, That's for next year. But he does say I don't talk to that person. Hmm. Yeah. Okay. Well we didn't think he did. She can have sources that aren't finding Rogers. Yeah. Find report. But also it feels weird that you're, you're talking to yourself.


You're picking, I'm, I'm telling Max, max is in charge of looking stuff up. You're you're, you're Telling me to find something that doesn't exist. Hurt. Dude, he is mad at you. Find the report that you haven't found it. Find the report. He's An imaginary story. Write Report. You write it. He's got one foot. Dude. If Max can't find Luigi being Greek, he's not gonna be able to find this. We got, we're gonna have to talk about your foot. The, okay. So backing on Rogers being the quarterback next year with Devonte Adams. I think so, because this game told you a lot. Did it? The defense led up so many points against a Mack Jones led team. But he's cocky. I couldn't score a touchdown until the fourth quarter against the Titans last week.


Yeah. Right. So I think you just, if, because if you draft a, a quarterback top 10, you're still neglecting so many parts of the team that you have so many holes. Yeah. But if you, the thing is about the NFL, if you have a very good quarterback, then everything else kind of changes. But you are, are gonna have the eighth pick. So you probably don't want to take a quarterback there. Yeah. And all the quarterbacks are going back to their team in college. Yeah, true. It's like day by day somebody just keeps going back. Yeah. Alright. So you wanna fix the defense first? I think Fix defense. Hire coach. Hire coach. Hire coach. Well, no hire coach First. Hire, wait, hire a GM first or a coach. G. Hire gm.


GM first. Coach. Coach. Promote son. Promote son. Who? What? The owner's Son. Yeah. Promote your son. Oh, Oh, yeah. Yeah. There Was a rumor he was making a lot of the decisions. Okay. Yeah. Promote Your son, Son to gm. Just make your son the gm, Right? Yeah. Yeah. And coach. Yeah. Aaron Rogers Bridge. Bridge to Jamis. Jamis could be on the team too. Okay. Co Bridges. Co bridges. If you have two bridges, you don't have one. Yeah. That would actually make it a lot stronger. Yeah. Just two bridges sitting, going right next to each other. Give it another go next year. Yep. Then quarterback the next year.


Okay. Okay. Alright. That's a good plan. It's a good plan. So maybe compete for the division next year with the bridge? Oh yeah. We're definitely competing next year. Okay. Yeah. What, in your mind, what does a bridge quarterback mean? Someone to help you compete and win the Super Bowl. Okay. Got it. That's, That's it. Okay. That's a bridge. Got it. Realistic. Got it. Okay. Next game. Texans 20. Dolphins 12 to a, that was bad. The Dolphins might bum me out as much, if not more than any other team. They're, we talk about it on Friday though.


We forgot about it. We, I was trying to remind everyone, the Dolphins playing good teams will always suck. Yeah. And that's what happened. The Texans are over 500. The Dolphins suck against them. But yeah, they were now obviously Jalen Waddle getting hurt and Du Bois getting hurt, which was very, very scary. And hope he's okay. Limited their offense. But watching that game and watching the Dolphins just run basically the same like little dump off screen over and over and over again. And then it was just dump off, dump off to interception was so maddening and so frustrating to watch. And the Dolphins defense actually played pretty well.


But get this team outta here. I thought that, I mean, UA was dumping off a little bit early in the game, and then after the injury to his receiver de Boose. Yeah. He, he felt it to me. It felt like he didn't want to throw anything across the middle, which on a human level, I, I kind of get it. Yeah, I understand it. That was like a really scary moment for, for everyone. But yeah. The offense didn't look like, it looked like the Steelers offense Yeah. That we saw like the last two seasons. Yeah. It was, it was not fun. No, it was not. It was a bummer to watch. And when you see Mike McDaniel on the sideline when he's, when he's bummed out, that bums me out too. Yep. Yep. And it was just, It's like some coaches have the capacity when their team is playing bad to at least get super pissed off. And then that, that makes me entertained Right.


When I get to see them, like grabbing people Right. And spitting and shit. Mike McDaniel just, he, he just gets sad. Yeah. On the sideline. It Was, it was a tough, tough watch and Tua just, ugh, it was bad. So He just kept on throwing picks at Derrick Stingley. So you remember that Dolphins Broncos game? Remember that one where the Dolphins scored 70 points Yes. And blew out the Broncos. Yes. So since that game, the Dolphins are 14 and 15 and the Broncos are 17 and 11. Yikes. Yikes. They flipped. They flipped. Yeah. They're a bummer to watch. I don't, I don't wanna watch The Dolphins anymore. No. And they're, I mean, that, that was their season because I think if they had won this game, they would've had a 31% chance and now they have a 4% chance of making the playoffs.


And the Texans, I believe they clinched the A FC South. Yes, They did. Because they won. And the Colts lost, right? Yes. Yeah. Yes. They did credit to the Texans. Like, I still don't know what to make of the Texans, especially offensively they had 181 total yards, which is kind of crazy. They, they did not, they couldn't run the ball at all. It, it felt like their offense was Tua throwing a pick. And then CJ Stroud doing something awesome to Nico Collins. And I mean, the game flipped on the incredible fake punt, which was an awesome call, awesome play call, awesome design. But yeah, I don't know what to make of the, like the Texans don't give me any confidence when I'm watching them offensively.


It doesn't feel like they have any rhythm. So the Texans, they could, they could win two outta their next three. 'cause they got the Chiefs next week, right? Yeah. And maybe No Mahomes. Maybe No Mahomes. Then they host the Ravens. Probably a loss. But that's Christmas, right? Yeah. That is a, that's the Beyonce game. And then last week at the Titans. So they'll probably end up with 11 wins. I don't know if They're gonna win two outta the last three. You don't think so? I don't think even without Mahomes, I don't, I don't know if I trust, is that at Kansas City? That is at Kansas City next week? Yeah. Carson wants gonna win that game. You Think so? Yeah. Carson wants to win that Game. I think. I think the Texans end up with 11 wins and they become the most disrespected 11 win team of all time gonna play.


But rightfully so. But Maybe rightfully so. Maybe Rightfully so. And Then you've got, they could then play against the, the Ravens In the Oh yeah. Be the Ravens round the Steelers, depending on who wins the A FC North. Yeah. I don't, I don't know if the tight Texans are gonna win. I I, I still, even with Carson Wentz, I, I just don't trust their defense. I mean, their offense at all. Yeah. I like their offense doesn't, it hasn't looked, it's Boomer bust. If Joe Mixon iss going crazy, like it feels like every, every game it's either you'll know right away, like Joe Mixon iss gonna go for 150 or he is gonna go for 20. So if you're, if you're a Texans fan, you're probably not happy with how your offense looked this year compared to last season.


Right. Right. So Bobby Slovak was named that was thrown out a lot last season as being like the next up and coming coordinator that's gonna be a head coach somewhere. Yep. He's probably not gonna get that buzz this off season. No. In fact, well the Bears will probably find a way To hire Texan fans. I think a lot of Texans fans want to fire him. Yeah. Wanna move on. This might be the best thing though. You might get, you know, three seasons of CJ Stroud with Bobby Sleek because he didn't have a great second year. Yeah. Sophomore slump. Yeah. So yeah, you, I I think the Bears were gonna hire him somehow. You think so? Yeah. Somehow. I mean, CJ looked good last year. He Did. He looked really good last year. Yeah. And he has a, it is not all on CJ Stroud. I mean, their offensive line has, has struggled.


And I just don't, I don't have any confidence. It's weird because you like what you said, say they get to 11 wins. Like when I look at the A FC, I don't know if you feel the same way, but I think of the Chiefs, the Bills and the Ravens and maybe the Steelers. Yeah. We'll see, I haven't even thought about the Texans No. As being a threat to any of those teams. No. In any type of capacity. I mean, the Broncos are kind of there too. Yeah. The Broncos are there. I don't know if Broncos can win, you know, multiple playoff games. But Right now, if, if the Broncos went to Houston, oh, first round of the playoffs. Yeah. Yeah. Are you taking the Broncos? I Would take the Broncos. I think I take, I I'm not putting the Broncos in the Chief's pills Ravens Category.


Right. That, that seems a little too far. Wouldn't you agree? Yeah, I would. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Bummer of a game. Bummer of a game. Okay, next up, we're finally in the afternoon. We're finally get to get, get to some good games, but we got one more game that didn't really matter. Cardinals 30, Patriot 17. Hank Drake, may 10 for 10 in the first half. He's played well. He just, he's enjoyable to watch Interceptions. Not his fault Hits guys in the hands and they just hand it to the other team. Yeah. There Was that one that was so like, who was that to Booty? Booty. Yeah. How Many times has Booty done that this year? A lot.


And a lot of drops. I think probably like three or four times. He's just played volleyball to a defensive player. But it's, it's the, the, the path is clear. Stay, keep losing Travis Hunter. Okay. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Like Drake May, Travis Hunter gets, gets the juices flowing. Yeah. So Travis playing Wide receiver. I mean Travis Hunter and Christian Gonzalez And then, and then Travis Hunter Christian Gonzalez. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's elite. Why not do it both in the pros Be the first to do that. Wow. Okay. What about, what about Mayo? You still a Mayo boy? No. And even better. So then today, no, I've never really been a Mayo boy. I, I think the whole, everything I've ever said on this program has not been like a big bought in on Mayo.


I've always kind of said he feels like a puppet for craft. But today they were cutting to the booth and the Lip readers, they had Jonathan Craft taking notes and you could clearly read his lips being like, the play calling is terrible. Oh. Oh. But that's not Mayo, is it? It's the head co I mean the, the, if you're taking notes and you're the, you know, the owner owner's son, like, oh, is that a catch? Ah, that's not a good sign. No, No it's not. It's very Bad sign. But it's a good sign if you want a new head coach. Yeah, I hear that. So I think, I think it was a win On, today was a great day. So win win winds all around. I if you were to find out that Mayo was coming back next season, you would be bummed out. Yeah, I would be, I, I wouldn't understand it.


I would be like, let's, let's, I would say exactly what I said about Matt. I flus and I would, but I would, I was joking being like, there has to be a reason to bring it back. Yeah. Okay. Knowing that there isn't, and he's a bad coach, I, I think they will bring it back. And the reason why is because of Robert Kraft. Because Robert Kraft doesn't wanna seem like he's a guy that's short tempered. He doesn't want admit that he made a bad decision. He wants a guy that he will allow to grow into the role of a head coach. I don't think so. I don't Is he actually on the hot seat like this? I think he is. I mean, you tell me. Why would your, why would, if you're the owner and your son sitting next to you taking notes? Probably. 'cause Alex Van Pelt is on the hot seat. I, I mean, I didn't realize he was maybe on the hot seat, but it would make sense.


He hasn't been, it, it hasn't exactly been an inspiring And I don't think craft, I mean I think there's something to be said about like the, you know, he clearly cares about the pr and, and the perception and stuff. The fans are not necessarily on his side. I don't think they like Mayo. So this might be like a way for him to kind of get back, you know, and the good graces of the fans. Right. I I just think that Robert Kraft, he wants to be, he, he visions himself like the Steelers organization where it's like a stable franchise. So I don't think he would want to fire a coach after one year. What is this Jared Mayo giving his post-game press conference after the game? It's just a video of Osama bin. Yeah. That's not, that's not true. So maybe it's on the hot seat Community notes.


Yeah. That does seem like, alright, this guy said the Kraft family would bring back J Gerard Mayo and his staff because they do not want to admit a mistake. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. Yeah. But you, yeah. This it seems like a bad situation an 'cause you don't wanna, why would you bring him back? Just so you don't wanna make a, like you're just making a mistake double. You're Delaying the inevitable. Yeah. You're delaying the inevitable. If You think he's not the guy, Belichick would get rid of him one year too early. Yeah. Patriots Probably did what he was playing. Patriot Patriots head coach Gerard Mayo was asked if there was a consideration to running Drake May on third and one and fourth and one in the red zone because of his rushing ability. Mayo responded. You said it. I didn't What, what was that?


So that seems like it's a shot at Alex Van Pel. Oh. On a follow up. He said it's always my decision. I would say the quarterback obviously has, you know, a good pair of legs. Huh? Huh. Yeah. So he's blaming his coordinator. Yeah. That's, that's not, that does seem Matt Ebra flu esque. Yeah. You're dealing with a similar situation. Cardinals the, I mean I expected them to, to play well today. And they did. James Connor had a big day. They still are alive. Especially 'cause I, we we're watching Sunday night football right now. And Gino might be, he might be out for the year. So that kind of opens some things up. Yeah. There was one, Although the Cardinals already had played the Seahawks twice and they lost both Times.


Kyler did have that one, that one interception. It was a bad interception too that got called back from roughing. The passer. Yeah. Which was a Bullshit. I feel so bad. I feel so bad for defensive players. Especially when you're trying to hit Kyler Murray, who's his strike zone, the head is already pretty low for him. And then he ducked into it. Yeah. As he was gonna the ground that Was purely a, a interception that, or sorry, roughing the passes. It was like he's too small. We have to protect Him. He's just a little, he's just a little guy. Yeah. But like his head Are at the defender's arms. Yeah. Yeah. And he ducked too. This is why the NFL needs the super challenge. We've seen it a bunch this year. The super challenge should be a thing. Challenge anything challenge. Once again, if you can see that the call is wrong on the replay, the super challenge turns it over immediately.


I like that. Doesn't matter if It's orange flag. Yeah, orange. You like that? Ooh, the orange Flag. What if you have to light it on fire? That Would be cool too. Yes. You can't use it after Like a magician. Yeah. You, you light it on fire and, but then it's gotta like, maybe it explodes Yeah. On the field. Like a Grenade. It's a grenade. Yeah. You get a grenade. Yeah, you get a grenade. The challenge grenade, If you hit a, if you hit a ref, that's fair play. Dude. The challenge grenade. You tell me that. That wouldn't drive ratings up. It would stop The game. The NBA fucked up their whole challenge system now. Nobody watches. Yeah. If Steve Kerr had a grenade that he would throw onto the court, damn right. People would tune in. Yeah. I'm in Challenge grenade. Yeah, do it. All right. Hank, anything else? No. Good loss. Good loss. Good loss.


Yeah, you're, And it was, it was nice. Take On your third pick overall. Yeah. So it could be Travis Hunter, although the Jags or no, sorry. No, it's two. They got two QB teams. It's the Raiders. Two QB Teams. Two QB teams. Would you want 'em primarily as a receiver or primarily as a corner Primary? Primarily. I, I probably, I think he's better as a corner. I would have, I don't know. He's better as a corner. He's better as a corner. Yeah. Him and Chris is also, but he's really good as, but it's also like, he'd be fun because they would mix it up and, and probably do returns. He could probably, yeah, he'd be electric every time they put 'em on the field. Like they could throw 'em in the field for, you know, formations and stuff and just get the people people going. If you had him and Christian Gonzalez, that would be such an awesome pair of corn.


That'd be the Patriot missile. No Fly zone. Yeah. Very hard to stop. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let's get to some good games. Before we do that PFT, you got a couple ads? Yeah.


Before we get to the rest of the games, they're brought to you by our good friends over at Shake Shack. Yes. We got Shake Shack right here out on the table. Man, look at that. They are bringing the Blitz this holiday season. Their holiday Burger Blitz is starting today. Open that up December 16th. So running through December 24th. We got what kind of burgers we got in there Hank? Lemme just get a, yeah, lemme just get a cheeseburger. This is the classic single right here. Shake Shack is delicious. We've got some shakes as well on the table. Some holiday shakes. Looks like some sprinkles, maybe like a gingerbread or something. Apple crumb Shake Shack is awesome. Every day for nine days, shake Shack is giving away a free burger. You get one of these, they're giving away a free burger. All you have to use do is use Code Burger Blitz. It's kicking off with the classic Shake or Shack Burger today. Free Shack Burger, which you can get with $10 minimum purchase. So settle into tonight's games with a Shack Burger Prep for the rest of the blitz. Good way to start off the week. Monday night you got two, two football games on TV and you can get a Free Shack Burger. You can get it with $10 minimum purchase. Check out their blog for their holiday Burger Blitz calendar. You can be sure to get your favorite Shake Shack Burger. A true gift to yourself. Tis the season for free Shake Shack Burgers. When you use promo code Burger Blitz. Order your Shake Shack today. Use Code Burger Blitz and you can get a Shack Burger with a $10 minimum purchase. Get involved.


These games are also brought to you by our great friends over at Aura Frames Perfect holiday gift. Let's be honest, what people really want for the holidays is to see their favorite people more often. That's why this year, the best gift that you can give besides plane tickets is an Aura Digital picture frame. It was named the number one digital photo frame by Wirecutter. Aura Frames are incredibly smart, easy to use. They allow you to upload unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. Plus you can order the frame online, preload it with photos and videos using the OR app. So it's ready to go right outta the box. I'm getting my mom ora frames this year. I'm getting her picture frame gonna preload it with all the pictures of her favorite people in the world. My parents love ORP frames. It's the best. They have 'em all over the house. It's nice right? They have 'em that you can put 'em in your living room and it naturally, it cycles through Through grandkids. Just, it's just, it's just a rotating catalog of grandkid pictures. Yeah. Check it out. It's the perfect gift. Visit Aura Frames dot com and you can get $35 off or is bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code PMT at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code PMT. This deal is exclusive to listeners. So get yours now in time for the holidays. Terms and conditions apply.


Okay. We got some games that actually had some meaning in the afternoon. Bucks 40 Chargers 17. I'd like to speak to Max and Max. Only Max. I think that the Chargers are probably dead. I think I agree. Yeah. JK Dobbins getting hurt against the Ravens. Really? They can't run the ball anymore. And that wasn't the difference in this game because the Bucks are actually really good and Bakker was incredible, but it, I don't, I think the Chargers can still make the playoffs. I do not think they can win a playoff game. Sucks Lad's back though. Ladd is back. He had a couple drops though. A few drops today. Didn't look like he was in full add shape.


It was a close game and then it was just the Bucks dominated him in the second half. Mike Evans, who we are, a big Mike Evans podcast. Respect. Mike Evans is one of the greatest receivers of all time. He had 159 yards, two touchdowns. He's now 749 yards. So he's gotta average 83.7 yards in his final three games to reach a thousand yards for the 11th straight season. And that's all 11 years of his career. Yep. Mike Evans is incredible. Yeah, He is Legit. But yeah, baker was on fire today. Baker was 22 for 27, 288 in four touchdowns. And the Chargers just like they got gassed And he also ran with the ball pretty well.


Yeah, they gave up 505 yards to the Bucks. Yeah. The defense, the, the once vaunted Chargers defense does not look good when they have to play against good quarterbacks. They just Look like they've run outta gas. And I, and I don't, I don't know what it, I mean the, the Bucks, it's more, the Bucks are playing great football right now and the Bucks. That was a huge win for the Bucks because that was their last game against a team over 500. So, you know, they're up in the NFC South right now and they control their own destiny and they have the Cowboys, Panthers, and Saints to finish the season. Last two games at home. The Bucks are a dangerous team. Yeah. Very. The Bucks are a dangerous team. I think they're a very good team. Yeah. They're playing, they've played well all season and when they had their best players out, they still played well just with worse players.


Yeah. So they're, they've been kind of like consistent even though at times they weren't very good. If that makes sense at all. Yeah, no, it makes perfect sense. So now that they've got their, some of their better players back. Yeah. They're, they're a legitimate threat I think in the playoffs. This game got off to a great start because our good friend, coach Harbaugh had Judge Judy serve as one of the Yes. One of the captains Yes. For the Chargers before the game. He's been a huge fan of Judge Judy. I always laugh when I see those pictures of Harbaugh and his dad sitting at a live taping. Yeah. Of Judge Judy the Best. I So he's pulling out all the stops. What else can you do if you're Harbaugh? I know if you, he brought out The big Guns. You can't, you can't lose the Judge Judy game. You can't lose the Judge Judy game. That's brutal. Yeah. It's bad. Like what do you do next?


Well, To be fair also, Herbert, he got hurt in the first half. Yeah. He got rolled up on it, fucked his ankle up. He's had just a rotating series of, I feel like he goes back and forth between both of his ankles. Yeah. You just keep getting fucked up all the time. I mean, I'm not gonna make excuses. I think the Chargers are just playing bad football right now. Like they, even that game against the Falcons, they, they kind of got dominated And we were lucky to win it. So, you know, they've been playing good teams, the Chiefs in the, in the Bucks and the Ravens. So you can, you can say like, Hey, they've had a tough schedule, but still you would've liked them just to be a little bit more competitive against the Bucks in the second half. And they just got absolutely worked. Worked. And it feels like it's just two, two teams going in two different directions when, when you're talking about the Bucks and the Chargers, This is a big game for the Bucks too.


So now what are they at 87% to make the playoffs. Yeah. And they, and, and I wouldn't be, I don't think the Falcons are gonna lose to the vi to the Raiders on Monday Night Football. But I wouldn't be shocked It could happen Because that's just something the Falcons would do. Yep. They would, they would do something stupid like that and have Desmond Ritter revenge game and Yeah, I the Bucker team I wanna see in the playoffs because they will And, and that will be a very, very interesting first round matchup. 'cause they'll play one of the NFC North teams and it will be like, They've beaten the Lions. They've beaten the Lions, they've beaten the Eagles, But they're not gonna play the Lions in the first round. Yeah. The well no, they absolutely could play the Lions in the first round.


Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. The Vikings could get the one seat. Yeah. Or the Vikings could get the two seat Vikings are very much alive to be, and they play, they play the lines I think week 18. So the Vikings are not Vikings are there. They're they're, we, we, we kind of forgot about the Vikings, but with the Lions lost today, the Vikings are there. I've mentally had the Vikings just locked into that fifth seed. No, they are, they are very much sitting there being like, we, this, this, this one seed could be ours if they keep winning because I think the one seed comes down to a conference record. So I guess they would be tied with the Eagles.


I don't know how they'd figure that one out. But the Vikings, if they went out, they're, they're, they would, if they went out, they win the north. That's for a fact. So they control their own destiny in that respect. All right. But yeah, the Bucks, I, I'm excited to see the Bucks in the playoffs. I like Baker. He's been awesome. Todd Bulls still can't figure out when to go for two. He has no idea. No idea. No idea when to punt. No idea when to call a timeout. No idea when to go for two. None. But it didn't matter today. Didn't matter today. 'cause it kicked the shit out of the, they kicked the shit out of the, the Chargers and the Chargers. It's sad. I'm sad, I'm sad about the Chargers. I do. Th they're gonna still make the playoffs. The problem is the entire idea of them making the playoffs was that they wouldn't have the seven seed.


They'd have the six seed and they wouldn't have to play the bills. Now they're in the seven seed and they would have to play the bills if the playoffs started today. That's, I think the Eagles have the tiebreaker over the Vikings by the way. Oh they do? They lost to the Rams And we beat the Rams. Oh, There you go. Okay. But the, the Vikings, if they went out, would, would, would at bare minimum have the two seed? Yeah. They would win that division. Yeah. Okay. Next up. Oh wait, no. Yeah, memes makes a good point. They beat the Falcons. Oh. So crunch the numbers. Crunch the numbers. Well you guys beat the Falcons too, right? Oh Shit. PFDI dunno if you saw this, but Saquon, we beat The commanders.


That's True. Yeah. Yeah. So you guys have the tiebreaker overs. I don't dunno the numbers. I don't know the numbers. Know the numbers. Find it. You need to know the numbers. These are the most important. You've been begging for the Lions to lose another game for the last month. And they finally did. Did. And you don't have the numbers. You gotta fucking, you gotta know the numbers. This is inexcusable. There it is. If fill in Vikings went out there it is the tiebreaker for the num click that click the max. Your, your foot's broken, not your brain. Right. Okay. Scroll down, Scroll down. See it's red link. It literally says it there. Go. Strength of victory would Be the strength of victory.


Tiebreaker. Okay. What does Strength of Victory mean? I don't know. I like that though. Like The best teams that you've beaten. Yeah. How bad you've beaten them. That I think it's how bad you've beaten them. Hi, Minnesota has a higher strength of victory. It sounds like a shitty video game, doesn't it? Yeah. Oh it's, oh, it's the, oh it's, it's the teams You play like the win-loss record for the teams you play. Okay. So that will probably hurt the Eagles. They're gonna Play win loss record for the teams you beat. Yeah, yeah. Teams you beat. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Strength of victory. So that would hurt the Eagles. 'cause they don't, I think they still have to play the Cowboys. And have you played the Giants twice?


No, we, we played the Giants And the Cowboys. So that's bad. Would it bad for your strength of victories? Bad. That's bad for your strength. What If you lose the commanders this week, then that victory over the commanders from Thursday night looks a lot better. Strength of victory. Yeah. Yeah. But then if you have a third loss, then you're in trouble. Yeah. No. Okay. We're we gotta win now. Alright. Broncos 31, Colts 13. This game was crazy because the Colts were in full control and then Jonathan Taylor dropped the ball going into the end zone to go up 20 to seven and all hell broke loose and the Broncos ended up kicking the shit out of the cults in the fourth quarter. Yeah. I mean, we could sit here and say how stupid it is to drop the ball on the one yard line.


I'd never do it. I have never dropped the ball on, on the one yard line. If my body was teleported into Jonathan Taylor's body at the one yard line, you bet your ass. We scored that touchdown. Yep. I could have scored that touchdown every Time. It's mass hysteria at this point. It's crazy. 'cause it, it's made no sense since day one when it first started. Deshaun Jackson. Yep. And the fact that people keep doing it for absolutely no reason at all. There's no other explanation. They Think it looks cool. I think, I think it's, they think it looks cool. I think they just, they give up on it. That's, you know what, we can make this about society. Yeah. That's that. You know what Big Cat, that's the problem with Zoomers Yep. Is that they don't, they never finish anything. Yeah. They don't finish what they started.


No. Go score a touchdown. Not Like us. I only finish. I would always finish. That's The only thing I'm good at is finishing. Yeah. I barely start. Yeah. I finished so fast. You didn't even know I started that. It is crazy. And I look the Colts, I've talked a lot about Anthony Richardson. I'm not a big fan. He, he has guys drop the ball a lot, but he also misses a lot of throws and he throws bad interceptions. But Jonathan Taylor, like, you get that ball in the end zone and, and the pressure is on the Broncos. Who Bon X was not playing well at the time. And like everything fell apart from there. It was the punt return that was put him into like great field position.


It was this, this stupid gimmick play that, that the Broncos picked off Nick Bennet Benetti picked off and took to the house. So was that a, was that a pick six? Was that technically an interception or It might've been a fumble. Like a Backwards pass. Yeah. Or backwards fumble that went 30 yards in the air. I Don't know. It was weird. So what would the score of that game been if Jonathan Taylor 20 to seven? It would've been 20 to seven at that point. 20 to seven. Way different game. 20 to seven in the third, in the start of the third quarter. And they were still leading in the start of the fourth quarter. But yeah, that was their season too. That was the cold season. It's all over now. They're they're, they're pretty much on the outside looking in I think 6% to get in.


Yeah. And you just don't have any excuse for that because it was just, I I don't know how you do that. It was so, so monumentally stupid in that moment to drop the ball. And by the way, the Broncos, Broncos are one of the best stories in the NFL right now. So this is from Zach bi. The Broncos came into the season with a win total set at five and a half A roster ranked dead last by PFF Absorb absorbing the largest dead cap in NFL history and the least thought of rookie quarterback. And they just secured their first winning season since 2016 and have a playoff probability north of 90%. They're the best story right now in, in the NFL and the fact that no one expected the Broncos $90 million in dead Cat.


Yeah. And Sean Peyton was, I think we all thought he might have lost the touch last year with how that season went. And he's still a really, really good coach. And Bo Nicks is, even though he didn't play great today is a baller. And yeah, the Broncos like that's 2016. That was the last time they had a winning season. I would say that, I would say probably the Broncos is the franchise that wakes up today at the fan base and just looks at the playoff sands And they deserve it. And they're like, look at that. They Never we're. We're the succeed right now baby. This was going to be going into this year. A true rebuilding. See what you got in your rookie quarterback type of year. And now they're sitting here with nine wins after week 15 in the six seed.


And their, I mean their defense is good when Bo Nicks is playing well. Like he, again, he had three picks today. It was windy. We'll, we'll say that. It was windy, but Yeah. I, I just can't get over how bad the Colts blew this game. Yeah, it was bad. It was very bad. Benito, was that his second pick six of the year? Yeah, he did. He does the Hold my dick jumping into the end zone. Yeah. He got a flag for that credits. The the ref had the flag out of his pocket while the hand was still on the dick. Yeah. Jumping into the end zone. But yeah, if you're a Broncos fan, just spend all day Monday looking at the standings. Just looking, looking at the playoffs and I'm happy the Broncos are are like back in the Playoffs and, and back to winning football. 'cause they're they're fun franchise. Yeah. They're like, I don't know. They had the longest time where they were just consistently there and then they've obviously had a really bad nine years, but now they're back and the future is bright and it feels good to be a Broncos fan.


It does feel, you look back at, at that loss against the Dolphins. That was the bottom. That was the turning point. That Was it. Yeah. To get To get bottom your ass kicked that bad. Yeah, They, yeah. $90 million in dead cap. That's crazy. And and it's just a bunch of young dudes and Sean Peyton showing everyone that he can still coach his balls off that. Yeah. Fuck Jonathan Taylor Badger. That was tough. What do we do with Anthony Richardson? I think, I feel like Colts fans are starting to be a little more aware and I, again, I've liked a couple of things. He's done game winning drive against the Patriots game, winning drive against the Jets.


He just can't consistently be accurate. I mean the Colts have a, a very rich recent history of hiring like the least mobile old ass quarterback in the NFL. Yeah. So Flaco, Matt, Ryan, Philip Rivers, the tradition Rogers on who, who can fill that void for Aaron Rogers as a bridge. Jamis Jamis. He's not, he's not, he's He's mobile. Yeah, no, I'm saying but like Jamis would actually be a good fit. I have a question for Colts fans. Chris Ballard. I, I don't know the in, you know, in in and outs of, of the Colts franchise. That guy feels like he's had a job for way too long. All I know about Chris Ballard is that he is maybe the leading recipient of the Dan Dockage my ass tweets.


Yeah. But he doesn't it feel he's been the GM for what feels like a very long time and it just doesn't feel like the cults are ever going. They're never, they're always like right around that middle ground, but they're never going forward. Yeah. I get a feeling like, like Erse is not a fan of, of cycling through his right hand men. Yeah. But it might be time. He likes to keep those guys around. It might be time. And I don't know what to do with Anthony Richardson. I mean I, I I just don't know what to do. You just can't, like, again, there was a lot of guys he does, it feels like his receivers let him down a lot. But he also will have multiple times a game where it's like, oh, here's a 10 yard out and I'm gonna throw it 15 yards over the guy's head.


Yeah. I do like the idea of Jamis. Yeah. Game's on at noon on Saturday. Yeah. There's a game on at noon. That's weird. Why Saturday at noon is like not a holiday. It's just bizarre. Saturday night You don't watch college football. Yeah. There's a noon. Well no college football. Yeah, but You don't watch. Well yeah, there's always games on at noon on Saturday. No big, no kickoff college. No. Sh They're doing big noon kickoff on Saturday. Nevermind Penn State's playing at the same time. That makes sense. It's college football. Which the NO game too. They had to do it Chief's Texans. They were showing The promo they had to do it because they're making 'em play four days later on Wednesday.


Got it. So the four teams that are playing on Saturday play again on Wednesday. Got it. Yeah. And I don't think they wanted to make either of those teams play late on Saturday night. It's pretty crazy that they're, they're having to turn around and play that like the, the three games in 10 days. Yeah. All because we need football on Thanksgiving. Well, because we needed to take over the NFL or the NBA on Christmas. I mean, We've taken over the NBA. Yeah. That's, that's been dumb. That's, that's we could just play replays on, on Christmas and probably still win that battle. That's a good idea. Yeah.


Okay. Eagles 27 Steelers 13. I wanna start with the Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com. Promo code take go right now. Rollback dot com promo code. Take


my first question on Eagles. 27 Steelers 13 is max. How was your weekend? Broke my foot. What? Broke my foot? What do you mean? Listen, sometimes you get out of a car and you break your foot. That's facts. Wait, so, Okay. You Broke it. Getting outta the car going so true. So true. So relatable. Getting out of the car. I slipped. It was rainy. It was rainy night. Were you Drunk? Very much so. Yes. Which is a problem. Wine drunk. Wine drunk.


Oh no. Yeah. You were overserved What time was this? Like 11. Oh, It's pretty early to be wine drunk. I know. We had a birthday party during the day. Shout out Quis. And then we went s from that into a dinner where Jack McCarthy and I just had too much red wine. So, so it's Jack McCarthy's fault? It's Jack McCarthy's fault. So yeah. And Quicks. Yeah. What what, what's the exact prognosis? Diagnosis. I have a Jones fracture. Okay. In my left foot. Did any famous Philadelphians have that same Ben Simmons. Ben Simmons. But he's okay. Yeah. No, He turned out fine.


So are you gonna have surgery? Excuse me. Still drunk. The doctor today said that I probably will not need surgery. Okay. So my, my friend Dr. Dan did tell me that they'll tell anyone who's, they don't deem an athlete that they don't need surgery. Correct. So you're good. Yeah. You're an athlete. Yeah. And Max are an athlete, Not an athlete. I do not want to Get the surgery. I mean, how are you gonna pitch? Yeah. That's, that's that's, That's a problem. That's a problems. That's A problem. They're gonna, they're gonna have to have you out there like in a wheelchair. That's a problem. Like George HW Bush at the Astros game. That's a problem. That's a problem. Yeah. What, walk me through waking up this morning because I still don't, we spent all day together.


I still don't think you fully have. It's registered in your head. How awful this is. No. Yeah, this is terrible. This is so, so, so, so, so, so bad. I, I woke up this morning, honestly kind of forgot about it. Got outta bed to, to take a piss and the battle to get to the bathroom was one of the most difficult things I've ever done. Oh my God. And then I ended up sitting on the, I ended up sitting and peeing and then I just sat there for an extra like 10 minutes. 'cause I was like, I can't, I, like, I'm dreading getting up and getting back to this, getting back to this Bed.


Yeah. Like you couldn't even put any pressure on you. You were hopping Zero. Zero weight. Zero weight. Oh. Did Joe fracture, is It, is it like, is it black and Blue? And honestly it wasn't swollen. Swollen as you would've thought or as I would've thought. Well, It'll it'll probably be worse tomorrow, But I can't even look at it. Yeah. So it, I Have to go to, it might be swollen right now. I have to go to a foot doctor at some point this week. Like a specialist to look at it. How many foot doctors have you seen in the last eight months? This'll be Like, do you have a frequent flyer account at that one guy? This Will be my third. I Believe so. You're gonna be what? Super Bowl? I don't know. They, I have the foot specialist I think will give me more information.


We need to get you in a boot. Yeah. So Once you're in a boot, you'll be fine. My toes are so cold. Yeah. My toes are cold. So the very first year of part of my take that fall, I had the exact same thing happened where I was, I was stepping off of a curb after it was my buddy Quis birthday party. And basically Jack McCarthy forced me to drink wine and I, I fractured my foot, got the Jones fracture. You're gonna go to a doctor, they're going to X-ray you, they're gonna hopefully put you in a boot and then they're gonna check you again in a couple weeks to see if it healed. And if it doesn't, then you have to get the surgery and then at that point you're off it for like two months. Mm. Did you get the surgery?


No, I Did have The surgery. Yeah. I I do not want the surgery. Yeah. Yeah. Anyone out there? Just that was when we checked him out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Just tell me, I don't need to get the surgery. Okay. But I need you to be okay for Super Bowl. No, I, I think I'm, He's gonna be like Lieutenant Dan on bourbon suit. Yeah. Yeah. Hank wants me, wants me scooting around bourbons. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, max, you, you and a wheelchair. If the Eagles are in the Super Bowl going to the game in a wheelchair. Oh my god. It Would be. And guess what? We got you a wheelchair. Yeah, we got you a joystick wheelchair. I wanted to get you one with the straw. That's, that's crazy. A motorized wheelchair. How sick is that gonna be? That'll Be cool. That'll be cool.


Yeah. What Max, last question before, How worried am I about being fat? No. How much I, it's not what I was gonna say. I was gonna say, how fat are you gonna get? So I I I need to just not eat. I'm just not gonna eat eat food. Have you thought about the showering situation? 'cause you're, yeah. You're gonna be taking some sponge bash buddy. I think I, I'm gonna be taking ba real baths with my foot out of the, of the, But how about, how about the fat? I, I am so, so, so worried about that. How are you gonna get, ah, I don't want think about that. But Like, it's all gross. If your foot is elevated and you're in the bath, how are you gonna get out? That's a great point, Henry. Yeah, It's a great point. Henry's, you're gonna have, here's what you're gonna have to do, max.


You're gonna be sitting on the edge of the tub with a garbage bag tied around one of your feet. And then you're just gonna take a wash cloth and just wash yourself with a rag Y. Yeah. Yeah. You're gonna get so fat. I'm just not gonna eat. I don't know how that, how does that you're gonna eat. I'm just not gonna eat At all. Yep. No eating Salads. Just salads. What have you lost weight. There's no way. Calories and calories out. Get Shake weight about shake weight. What you could, You could do, I need to figure out how You could curl, you could bench. Yeah. No, I, I'm still going to do some upper body, but that's not really like burning calories. Like, you Know, if you do fast enough, The problem with that Max is you're gonna, you're gonna do like arms workouts and you're gonna get sweaty and then your foot's gonna stink.


Can you stop? You guys just keep bringing up things that are gonna suck for me it's reality. I'm worried about the plane. I I have to, I have to take You get to use wheelchair airport. You don't have to go to, you don't have to go to any weddings anymore. I got a wedding next week in New York, so I have to go to Philly. You won't split your pants dancing. I have To go to Philly. You take a train to New York, take a train back to Philly, go to Hilton Head and then come back to Chicago. All within like the next three weeks. How good on Crutches are you? Oh my God. Bad. Really bad. Really? Really? Yeah. Like shockingly bad. I almost slipped like walking here. Yeah, no, it was gonna suck. And that's bad. 'cause like every time you put pressure on that foot, you make, you make that fracture worse. Also, the elevator to my parking garage is broken right now.


Oh no. I Just thought about that. I feel really bad for you. This is the worst. Like, it's one of the worst times to do it. Like right before the holidays when you have to travel and like, you're also gonna have like time off and you're just, you can't do anything. Nothing. Nothing. Except Eat. Nope. Not gonna eat. Salads, Salads, salads, salads, shrimp. You can drink, You can drink a lot. Shrimp. I got some shrimp cocktail today. That was nice. You're not in danger of falling down so you can get as drunk as you want. Can you get a DUI in a wheelchair? You ordered shrimp Cocktail? Yeah. What? Yep. I got a salad. I got a steak salad and shrimp cocktail for Oh man. For lunch today.


Alright. The game Eagles dominated. The Steelers, The Eagles are so good. The Eagles dominated. The Steelers. We had one of, so the Eagles, I I think the, what was the stat? Oh, 401 yards to 163. The Eagles defense is ferocious And we had one of the all time, what the fuck is he doing? Moves by Mike Tomlin today because the Eagles, the, the, the Steelers couldn't do anything offensively. They were down 27, 13 with 10 40 left in the game and fourth and seven on the Philly 46. So plus territory. And Mike Tomlin decided to punt and they never got the ball again.


10 40 And they never got the ball again. The Eagles went on a 21 play, 88 yard drive. They never got the ball. Yeah, they, they started with 10 minutes, 29 seconds left and they picked up 12 on third and 13, they converted a fourth and one they converted another third down 21 play 88 yards, 10 minutes, 29, second drive. At the end, the decision to punt was just unreal in real time. Yeah. As you're watching, like what the fuck are, you're down, you're down by two scores. Why are you kicking the ball where you're down? 14 points, you're in plus territory. Mike Tomlin. Why is this even a thought that you would consider?


It was something that we were saying, this is so stupid while it was happening, little did we know that they would never get the ball back. Yeah. Like we thought it was stupid because they were gonna punt and maybe get the ball back one more time. They punted and they never got the ball back. And the Eagles, the Steelers had two possessions in the second half. Two, two possessions in the second half. And the Eagles defense is awesome. And Jalen hurts. He answered all the critics. He threw the ball. Well, today he had threw it to aj. A eight AJ had eight catches, 110 yards in a touchdown. Devonte had 11 catches, 109 yards in a touchdown. We also had the anecdote from Jay Glazer, which made me laugh that in a team meeting earlier this week, Brandon Graham apologized for his radio comments.


And then Jalen Hertz and AJ Brown dapped each other up in front of the team to show that everything is good. That's good. That's great. They literally got in front of the team and they're like, watch this. So They're friends. They're Friends. Did you see Their touchdown dance? Was it cool? Are they best friends? They might be back to best friends. They dapped each other up in front of the entire team. What a good moment that must've been. Yeah. No. Yeah. See, look, look at this touchdown dance. So fun. They don't look like they're in sync. That didn't, they didn't, they didn't practice that. That was like, we gotta do a touchdown dance to make everyone think that we did a touchdown dance together. But it's not. No. Here's what happened. Here's what that happened with that Jalen, he texted AJ a YouTube link to, Hey, this is the dance that we're gonna do together.


And then they both learned it at their own houses. Yeah. And then they did together for the first time right there. Yeah. But the Eagles are back 10, 10 in a row statement win against a very good defense. And now the one seed is right there, max. And it, it, it is pretty crazy to think about like the difference in the Eagles welcoming a Minnesota Vikings or Detroit Lions or them having to go on the road. So is, but The Eagles might be just good enough to beat all of them. I Think the Eagles are very, very, very good right now. Yeah. Is Dickerson, I mean they're the most complete team in the NFC. Is Dickerson hurt? I don't know if there's Yeah.


You need him not hurt. I Mean it does, it does matter. But today it did not matter because you were able to do that drive without one of your best players. Also, Kenny, Kenny Gain will, He was great today. Yeah. He, he was Great today. He one of the best teams of his entire career today. Nice. I was happy for him. Yeah. No, it was a, it was a, a dominant effort by the Eagles and the Steelers. I don't know. This is what I've, this is why I've always been a little bit half in, half out. I know George Pickens is in there, but their offense, it, it doesn't feel explosive and it doesn't feel like it can get you out of a game like this. When Najee fumbled that that pitch. Yeah. That it felt like the game was over. But even, even the way they, like, the only reason it was a close game was he had Cooper Deje fumbling that punt.


And like, other than that, the, the Steelers never sustained anything that felt like they were threatening. No. And I just don't know. And now TJ Watt might be hurt. So he left the game with an ankle injury. I think it's just a sprain, which is good. But I, I just walked away being like the Eagles. I, I'll say it. Eagles is the best team in the NFC after today. They are With the injuries in Detroit. Yeah. Yeah. They, I think they, they Probably are. They are. They're the best team in the NFC as of right now. Are you, I can change my opinion if when the Vikings beat the bear by a hundred, are You worried about Jalen Hurt's Broken ring finger? It's his non throwing finger. Oh, okay. So no problem. And he threw today. Yeah. He's great. Isn't that weird that he just needed to be called out to actually throw Yeah, 2 92 touchdowns.


125 quarterback rating. It's a great game. Are you Worried at all that Nick Siri's grown back his hair a little bit and they have not lost a game since he shaved his head. Do you think he needs to res shave his Head? Only if you lose you, you keep it going. Okay. Going until you lose. We talked about that. And then he shaves it and then you start winning again. His Beard looked horrendous today though. Yeah. But Nick Siri's been really good. Yeah. Every, like, everyone has gave him a bunch of shit in the beginning of the year, as they probably should have. But he's adjusted and he's done a really good job with this team. And it wasn't even like a Saquon is the best player in the league game. So you, he still feels like the Eagles had something left in the tank. I just think they're defense. I mean they're the drafting all Georgia players is starting to work wonders.


'cause like Dean is awesome and, and obviously your guys on the defensive line. Jordan Davis and Jalen Carter. I mean the just Nolan Smith is really, Nolan also really coming into his own. Yeah. So you max, you gotta be thinking soupy or bust. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Anything less than a soupy is a disappointment. Winning a super or getting to a soupy. Winning a soupy. Gotta Win A soupy Winning a Soupy gotta win. It Must win. I don't, I don't know why you guys wouldn't, I mean, you have everything. It feels like you have everything. Muscle weight. How do you feel about Kicker? Kicker had a better day today. He did. He didn't have to kick anything over 50 40. He made a 49 er.


49 er didn't count. Yeah. Yeah. That's not 50 though. That's Not 50. It's close Fifty's In his head, that's for sure. Okay. Anything else in this game? Yeah. I, I don't know. The Steelers are, if the Steelers can beat the Ravens, then it doesn't feel like the Steelers might be not fading, but like they have, they have to play the Ravens and then they have to play the Chiefs. And if they lose those two games, they're gonna now be a road playoff game to start. And it's, it definitely feels a little different. Well, Pickens being out makes a big difference for you. Oh, for sure. Because their offense just goes back to what it was before Russ. Yeah. When you don't have him in there, it just becomes find a tight end, hopefully run the football, try to, and then maybe convert like a, a three yard out.


Yeah. And with Pickens in there, they're, they throw the ball down field, they push it. Rusty does his moon balls without 'em in, they're, again, back to being very boring to watch without Georgie. We'll see what happens with the Ravens game on Saturday. It's a massive, massive game. Ah, but The sealers, they, they are built to beat the Ravens. Yes. No, absolutely. If there's one team that can beat the Ravens, it's the Steelers. We know that for a fact. Yeah. Lamar struggles with the Steelers. It's just crazy how hard their schedule is down the stretch. Like the fact that they're going Eagles, Ravens Chiefs and then a Bengals team that could be still alive. Yeah. Who knows. Okay. Last game. Best game. Bill's 48. Lions 42. This was a Josh Allen masterclass.


He was on fire. I mean he, they, every single time he touched the ball, it was basically a touchdown. He's a tough motherfucker too. He gets hit so hard. Yeah. He bounces right up from it. He is, Josh Allen is now the first player in NFL history to have 35 or more passing slash rushing touchdowns in four consecutive seasons. Pretty, pretty crazy. Yeah, it was pretty Crazy. It was an awesome game today. Not a lot of defense being played. Not a lot of defense. The Lions got a couple more injuries on their defense. Yeah. Lee McNeil and Carlton Davis is Bad. That's bad. Bad. They can't really afford having any more injuries on their defense. But they got him. And then Dan Campbell, I don't know what he was doing with the, the onside kick.


Yeah. With what? 12 minutes left in the game. It's 10 minutes Left. 10 minutes left in the game. That made no sense to me. And they asked him about it afterwards. He's like, yeah, I, you know, kind of wish that I hadn't done that at the time. The recovery rate's, what, like 7% for an onside kick. So I would understand it if you could still surprise onside kick. Yeah. Because the idea is our defense can't stop them at all. Yeah. Like the, the bills came into this game. They, they were up 14, nothing in a blink of an eye. And they were going right down the field doing whatever they wanted. If you could do a surprise onside kick, you're like, Hey, our defense can't get a stop. Let's try to catch 'em off guard. The fact you can't do a surprise onside kick anymore makes it really the dumbest thing you could possibly do.


It really made no sense. It was very, very Stupid. Yeah. Matt Collins returned it to like the five yard line. Yeah. And then they tried to do an onside kick to get the ball back one last time at the end. And that was a way better onside kick. Yeah. That one almost worked for 'em. Well, and the Lions pointed first, so I thought they had gotten it. Yeah. They Did a great job Of that really good job of pointing first if you point first, I'm just gonna always assume that you got you, you recovered It. This was, this was such a cool game. Not only because there was so many points scored, but also everybody out there is in fantasy Playoffs. Yeah. And having like all the stars get yards and get points all at the same time. That fourth quarter felt like it was gonna last forever. Yeah. When like, every, every league was still like up in the air at that point. Yeah. I mean, Jared threw five touchdowns and he spread around to everyone.


Yeah. He was making sure everyone got a, got a touch. But I just, I mean, I said on Friday, I was like, I love this spot for the bills. And I know, listen, the Lions are very injured. It sucks. I don't know what you want. Like I feel bad for Lions fans. It sucks that they have this, this many injuries. I think this is gonna be a very, very big problem getting into the playoffs. Like when they're in there playing a game where their defense, I, I feel like their defense hasn't gotten to stop in forever at this point. And it's just, it's a problem. They, they no team has ever given up 45 points at home in the regular season and went on to win the Super Bowl. Yeah. So losing two more cornerbacks, bad, bad spot And a Lee McNeil.


Yeah. That's, that's, I mean he's very, very important. But yeah. And the, listen, the bills have defensive injuries as well. Their defense has gotten gash the last two games. But Josh Allen is playing at such an insane level that it, it hasn't mattered. It's crazy. I guess it mattered last week 'cause they lost the Rams because this is like the best Josh Allen that we've ever seen. He's, He just, everything works and it's just every, when he just gets, he, all he has to do is just hike the ball and it's like, either someone's gonna be open or he is gonna run around long enough that someone will be open or it'll just run for a touchdown. And James Cook looked good today. Yeah. I feel like they're getting James Cook going. They Were saving him. Yeah. That's what, that was the theory. What, what do you have? You have, you have all the, I mean the lines are just ravaged by injuries.


It sucks. It sucks. This is how, this is the shitty part of the NFL that you could have everything set up for a dream season and then you get the wrong guys injured and you're just stuck with like a defense that can't stop anything. So I don't know. I mean, if they can figure out a way to hold onto that one seed, that would be obviously massive. 'cause they would get obvious the buy, but also having to play these teams at home. But I don't know, I don't know if they're gonna be able to, I don't know if they're be able to win out. I don't know. I mean, if you thought that Dan Campbell was reckless with fourth downs earlier. Yeah. Now that he's got all these injuries, he might not punt for the rest of the season. He might cut the punter for another defensive player.


Yeah. Sorry Jack Fox. Thank you for your service. Yeah. But yeah, I, I was imp I mean the bills are, I don't wanna get ahead of myself, but I, the bills are legit, legit. And they're, I mean, we'll see what happens in the playoffs. 'cause we know the Bill's history in the Playoffs. But Josh is playing out of his mind. I went into today thinking like Super Bowl preview in this game. Now I'm like, yeah, bills could definitely make the Super Bowl Lions. I'm not, I'm not confident at all. It's just their Defense is just, it's so, yeah, it sucks. It sucks a lot that their defenses, this many injuries and it's fallen off this much. And their offense is still elite and still, I mean that, that pass to Dan Skipper was sick and, and Jared was hitting pa I mean Aro scored what, like a 60 yarder, but Yeah.


Sad, sad for the Lions that their defense got to it. Listen, they, their schedule isn't, it's all gonna come down to week 18 for them. Yeah. 'cause they play the Bears next week they're gonna kill us by a hundred. And then the Niners who might, who knows where the Niners are gonna be at as a franchise at that point. And then week 18 against the Vikings could be for the one seed. Could be for the two seed. Could be for everything. I, I feel bad now about the Lions feel very bad. I've been super high on 'em all season. Even when they had a lot of injuries. Now they've just got like their morgue. Yeah. It's tough Max. You got, you got your wish and the fact they took another loss. Yeah. But still work to be done.


Still work to be done. They do play all their games at home. Yeah. Today at home. Today at home. They played at home. Alright. Last game. We wanna talk about Sunday night football at all. I think the big story is Gino Smith might be out for a while 'cause he left the game with a knee injury. Packers looked awesome. Packers are a problem. The NFC playoffs are loaded. Yeah. The Packers look really good. Really good. Yeah. The Seahawks, they didn't even look that good when Gino was in the, the game. No, they, Gino was just like drifting back and sacked a lot. The offense looked disjointed. See, the defense did not look, they're like a very schizophrenic def defense too. Yes. They can look very good.


Many times I was, I bought into the death zone shit. Yeah. Death Zone got me. And then Josh Jacobs showed up in the first drive and just ran it down their throat. I Let's do a quick, I mean, in the NFC, like six se five outta seven teams, are you saying that you can't win the Super Bowl or get to the Super Bowl? PFT? I'm saying that I can win the Super Bowl this year. Get to the Super Bowl. Get to the Super Bowl. Can you get to the Super Bowl? Let's see. Can I answer that question after next weekend against the Eagles? Mm. Because right now the answer is no. Okay. But I reserve the right to change that if we somehow beat the Eagles. But the Lions, the Eagles, the Bucks, the Rams who are now at the four seed because of the Seahawks loss.


I I mean the ramps are a problem for me. Big time. The problem with the playoffs is you don't get to beat any bad teams in the playoffs. Right. So that's where I think we might run into a small issue. A tiny issue. A Tiny issue. But If you play the Panthers in the Playoffs, it'd be awesome. That could all change. If we get to, if we beat the Eagles next week, if we beat the, what are the, the Falcons are above 500, right? I Gotta be, What's the record Nervous about the Rams? Are they one game below? Jesus Christ? What? Say it again. What's Falcons Record? I think it's Eagles. I Can't see. And then a step down six, seven and then a big cluster. You think it's a big cluster after the Eagles? Yeah, because the Bucks, the Rams, the Lions, unfortunately The Vikings, the Packers.


Yeah. No, the Vikings and Packers are both very good. Yeah. But I think the Eagles are a, a slight step Above Max. I might you, I mean, I I I might have to lose my pinky if the fucking Rams. The Rams are scary. Rams are scary. The Rams are scary. We, we smoked the Rams in la. Okay. You're right. You did, you smoked the Rams in LA That made me feel a lot more confident. Yeah. My, my NFC power rankings are Eagles won Vikings two Packers, three Lions, fourth bucks fifth. I'm not gonna dump the pa the the Lions all the way down. The Lions. Just the Lions just beat the Packers. Yeah.


They beat 'em twice. Yeah. But now they're so banged up. They can't get a stop on Defense. Yeah. I'm still gonna, I'm still gonna keep the Lions at second until, until the, we play out the string. Just because they deserve that. And their offense is still elite. Yeah. I'll I'll still say that. The Lions are the team I'm most, I'm still most scared Of. Yeah, For sure. Yeah. I mean, their offense is insane. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would say Lions too. And then, and then it's like the clump of Vikings Packers, Rams bucks. Like all, I don't know all those teams. They're fucking good. Do You have the commanders in last place in your NFC playoff power Records? I probably do. Yeah. That's, that's fair. I probably do. They Could beat like the Bucks.


They won't play them, but, well, We lost to the bucks. True. They won't play 'em. That Is the last team that we beat in the playoffs was the Bucks. 2006. Yeah. It's the first year of a rebuild. I would put us, there's nothing, there's nothing to be ashamed of. Oh, I'm not ashamed. You guys Could wouldn't playoff game. I'm not saying that you can't. I would Put us above the Seahawks. Yeah. Well, Seahawks aren't in the playoffs Right now. Right now they're not. Yeah. So yes, you are above the Seahawks. Yeah, Absolutely. You're above the Seahawks. You're above the Panthers. You're above the Cowboys. You're above the Giants. You're above the Bears. Cowboys beat us. Okay. Maybe not the Cowboys. You're above the Saints. Cardinals. Cardinals, Niners.


Yep. Love it. Love it. Lot of these teams. Lot of these teams. Yeah. Seahawks. I do. We have a update on what Gino like. I thought It was his ankle knee maybe. Man. But that just changes everything if he's out, Because he's like, the Seahawks are, like I said, they're, if the playoffs started today, they wouldn't be in it. Just, it happened. Just like that. Okay. Let's do last couple ads and then we'll do who's back of the week and wrap it up.


It is, who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends at Uber Eats. Uber Eats it's football season. Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Enjoy. Buy one, get one free six piece boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Now on Uber Eats craving even more. We've got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos, and more. All season long, Uber Eats official on-demand food delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms Taxes and fees apply C app for details with Uber Eats. I took my kids to Buffalo Wild Wings last week or two weeks ago. Maybe I'll get some Uber Eats, Buffalo Wild Wings with that deal. Go to Uber Eats right now this week. Enjoy. Buy one, get one free six piece boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Now on Uber Eats.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. From overcrowded stores and flight delays to awkward family dynamics and dinner mishaps. The holidays are far from perfect, but that doesn't mean we have to lose our chill, forgotten ingredients don't have to ruin dinner. Takeout and Coors Light are always crowd pleasers. When the mountains turn blue, it's as cold as the Rockies Coors Light is. Cold Lagger, cold filtered and cold package. For a smoother finish, choose chill this holiday season and then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer or celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado coors light.com/take.


Who's back of the week? Hank My Who's back of the week is LeBron James. Yes. Yeah, he Is back. Does he know? Is he back? Oh yeah. Where Was he? No one knows people. There's rumors that, so he left the Lakers a few days ago. They were asking JJ Reddick, he said he doesn't really know. And there was was, you know, internet rumors circulating that he was maybe getting arrested. That he was disappearing. He was never coming back. He was retiring. It was very odd to be honest with you. And then Sunday comes around and he gets reported that he is with the team. Shoot around, comes out, plays tonight. Played really well. Had some oh, had some explosive plays. A couple chase town blocks, couple dunks in, in traffic.


I saw one tweet that said, you know, the time that he was gone is just enough time to go to Germany. Re-up on some, you know, pd. Interesting. And come back. I'm not saying that's what he was doing, but it was weird the way it was. You know, he left and with LeBron and the media, they, you know, will talk about him nonstop and it kind of got swept under the rug. So it was strange. But he's back and all is well. Yeah. So he just left, he's done this before. He did it in Miami. I I know that for a fact. Maybe the Germany thing. But it is weird. The problem is that LeBron James has his own little media ecosystem. Yeah, that's right around him. Yeah.


And so they, they're people that have like proven loyalty to LeBron's people. Right. And so they will not put out anything that's bad about him if he's not, if he's not around. Yeah. What do you think is going on Hank? It's weird. I have no idea. Like, I, I, I really don't, you know, I'm not an investigative journalist. I was getting dms and, and random, like someone got my number. I don't even know who it was texting me being like, LeBron just got arrested. Report it. And obviously it's a random number. I'm not gonna report that. And I got dms being like, you know, he's, who knows? It's all conspiracy shit. So it's like, I have no idea. I literally have no idea. It makes no sense. All I know is the fact that the, the way it was under-reported is, is odd.


If LeBron got arrested, somebody would've leaked that. Yeah. TMZ would obviously TMZ would've. Yeah. Obviously. No, he didn't get arrested. But it, it, the whole thing is just odd. It's weird. It's weird. And I would love to know like, do you think JJ Reddick's having fun? Do you think he knows and has to pretend like he doesn't know? I think the way he responded seemed like he actually didn't know. Yeah. I think he doesn't know. Right. I don't think LeBron tells anyone. There Also is a chance that there's like something going on with his family. True. For sure. So we don't know. We don't Know. But like you would think he would say, you know, I got some stuff going on. Just tell the people I have some stuff going on. Yeah. Right. No one would bat night. He Say like, yeah, I have stuff going on with my family. Yeah. I'm not gonna be here.


Yeah. I feel like JJ probably is not having the best time No. Right now. Also, Who could have seen that coming? Did you guys see the, what Does will think about this? The NBA. The NBA ratings are not doing well. Yeah. No Time for change. Maybe Different color balls. Maybe Different color balls. Maybe. I don't know. I don't know what the answer is. I still like playoff ba basketball. The season is very long. I've got an idea. What if, what if the players like really cared? Yeah, that'd be good. We could try that. I don't know what the answer is though.


Hank, are you a little salty that the ratings are down when the Celtics are kind? Yeah. I knew, I knew that. I knew you were Good in this era. Like who's who even notices. Oh, I'm, I'm as tuned in as I ever have been. Oh yeah. But it's tough to watch. It's tough to watch. Meaning like, it's hard to find the games. Like you have to have a bunch of, you know, they, they have all these games and all these different apps. I think it's the same with the MLB where it's like you can't just turn on the TV and watch a game. You have to, you know, sometimes you have to log into this app to watch it or log into that app. Yeah. I was watching it in the Metaverse on, on Saturday. That's sick. It was awesome.


Joelle. I saw him fall down in the Metaverse. I felt like I was there for it. Oh. How are we doing on the 10 win hunt? Dead. Everyone's hurt dead. Yeah. What happened? What happened to Joel and Be gone? Gone. Wait. Did Jared Know didn't get hurt? Did he gone? Yep. Dead. Oh, Max gone. Yeah. Max. You just did it in solidarity. Huh? You got sympathy foot. Sympathy foot. Yep. Correct. So is Joel, is he out for a while? I don't know. He got a sinus fracture. Sinus Fra. Yeah. Tom Wilson came back and played, scored two goals. A sinus Fracture, same injury. Sounds Very painful. Yeah. Hey I love that Hank is, Hank is salty about this.


This is great. Well Hank also, this is great. Hank told me that he thought when he first read the report that Joel Embiid was out indefinitely 'cause he had a sinus infection. Oh it was. Which would've been, that would've been very Funny. That would've been very funny. Yeah. If he just needed the, the like little netty pot or whatever the fuck it is. Yeah. He just gotta blow his nose for a While. Yeah. Okay. Good. Who's back? I don't know where LeBron has been. I'll tell you What he'll say. The NBA Cooper flag. Yeah. Cooper flag. Cooper flag. It is like they're, I feel like they're at a little bit of a crossroads because they got like the stars of the league are old. Yeah. The league has been LeBron James. Right. For what, 21 years. Right. And you got like LeBron, I mean I don't know.


Lemme look at the standings. But LeBron like the Lakers are the 10th seed. If you think about like the biggest stars the Steph and the Warriors are what the A seed. So yeah, it's, I mean K D's the sixth seed, it's, it's hard when the the biggest stars. You need a new new age. It's analytics. I blame analytics. That Too. Three point shot. That too. Dunk should be three. That'd be Sick. That would be nice. Dunk Should be three. That would be awesome. What If they in the NBA cup? They just got rid of the three pointer. Yeah. But imagine if they made dunks threes. Everyone was just trying to fucking yam on each other constantly. Yeah. That would be sick. That would be sick.


Okay. Who's your, who's back? PFT. My who's back of the week is America. Mm. Because the Army-Navy game went over, went over Yes. A lot of points. Throwing the ball a little bit. That was a fun game to watch. It was very fun. It was a good time. And also, I like it when rivalry games happen like this when one team is, obviously when it's Army-Navy, it's up in the air no matter what. But it's kinda like Michigan, Ohio State. Yeah. Where it was like, okay, Army's having their, their top year this year and then Navy goes in and just smashes. Yeah. It was also could've been great if Army had made the playoffs. Oh my God. Yeah. I mean the people who were saying that Army should have made the Playoffs. That's, that's a tough take.


But that would be a very funny thing to wake up to on Sunday morning. Yeah. 'cause Navy was just the better team Yeah. For the entire game. But it was awesome. It was a fun game to watch. Yeah. And I like the fact that it's, it's its own thing. Yeah. There's no other games on. I'd agree. I'm glad that like if the NFL was in charge of college football, they would schedule like a new weird round of the playoffs for that same day as army duty. Yeah. Yeah. And overshadow It. Alright. My who's back is Chicago Cubs. 'cause we've got Kyle Tucker Big All right. For one year. Huge. And then we're not gonna pay him huge, but one year is gonna be sick. Yeah. I just wanna watch someone who actually can threaten to hit home runs on a consistent basis. And he can do that. So the wind's Blowing Out.


And also the Yankees wanted them, but the Astros wouldn't trade it to him. Are The Yankees back too? Yeah. Who'd they get? They got what? I think they're gonna get Cody Bellinger. They got a closer, right? Yeah. I think they're Devon. They got, they traded for Devon Williams. They also signed Max Fried. Yeah. They're gonna try to get Cody Bellinger, I think. Which if they want to trade Luis Gill for him, I'd do that. But the Phillies also tried to trade for Kyle Tucker. Yeah. The Astros said no, He's awesome at baseball. That actually makes me feel bad because that's, I feel like the Astros are like, well the Cubs won't be a problem. Yeah. Why did they say no to the Phillies? Because they said no to the Yankees. They said no to the Phillies Cubs. Sure. Yeah. Sure. They won't pay him in a year.


Yeah. But one year of maybe being maybe winning more than like 83 games. That's kind of fun. I'm excited about it. I I, I wanted something, I wanted them to show a little life of like, hey, we can actually do something again. They probably won't resign him and that will make me even more mad. But at least it's gonna be fun. You wanna Be in a playoff chase? Yeah. Yeah. I want a guy who the opposing pitcher fears. Yeah. Kyle Tucker. It's Nice. It's good to have like, at least one of your teams be in the mix for something. I don't have any, yeah. At all. Even close The Cubs. I feel like the Cubs could be in the mix. Probably not though.


Probably not. Probably not. Alright, anything else? Good Show boys. Anything else? Max? Do we have a drum update? I feel bad for you. I feel really bad. Oh, max, are you gonna cut out the lottery ball today? No. Oh yeah. Sorry to everyone. Cut Out the lottery ball, cut out the TD Parlay hit the love you guys. TD Par hit. TD Parlay Big. Yeah. Ho ho. Did I get it? You did not get it. That that Was memes. Memes was sabotaging lottery ball. Max. Max, max called me. Like obviously I understand people like it, it's part of the show, but it was on the YouTube and the Rumble. So you could have watched it like it was documented. It just got cut outta the podcast. But I did appreciate Max's remorse. When he called me on Friday morning, it's, it sounded like he was gonna cry.


He was just like, I don't know what happened. I don't to do, I don't Like fucking Up. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to, I got karma. I got, I got punished for, for my actions on Friday. That Doesn't feel like a fair punishment. I Lost a foot. Lo losing a foot off of, off of screwing up the lottery ball. All right, well this is gonna be in there, right? This Will be in, Alright. Numbers, memes. Have you gotten this before? I did not win this. No, you never got it. 1117. There you go. 8 360 3 94. Pug. Shane. Jack. 44.


21. 51. 51. Not even close. Moves.