
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, Week one is here and we're ready to break down every single game from Sunday and Friday. 'cause we didn't talk about the Packers. And the Eagles. We are going to do Fastest two minutes to start the show. We've got who's back of the week. We're talking football start to finish, Nothing better.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings TD Tudy taking it to the house in for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure. Touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner. the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or defense. We don't care how they score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And DraftKings is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet Try betting on something simple like a player To score a touchdown. go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your bet. Today. we have the the Jets verse, the 49 ERs Monday Night Football Garrett Wilson to score Why not I like Garrett Wilson to score What. do you what do you like Pft. I like Briere lightning. Briere Hall. Okay, so if you're Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings customers bet Five bucks to get two 50 in Bonus bets instantly and get one month of NFL plus premium Download the DraftKings Sports for cap use code take. That's code take for new customers to get two 50 in bonus bets. when you bet just five Bucs and get one month of the NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Opt in each Sunday to get one no sweat bed. Based on amount of losing qualifying bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance PMTs Sunday. TD parlay bets only to receive one profit boost. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. K Mindset. Yeah, my my my Welcome to PardonMyTake of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. when you bet Just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, September 9th, week one. What, what Fumble We, we start in Indianapolis where Susan b Anthony Richardson is trying to put a stop to week one. Colts fans' suffrage when he hit Alec Paul Pierce with a 60 yard bomb making indie fans everywhere poop their pants with excitement. Unfortunately the Texans had other plans as Stefan Riggs welcomed all the haters to the course scoring twice on Sunday. No word if he cried afterwards.


After being showed the door by the DN Cincinnati Bengals, Joe Biden Mixon proved he isn't actually dead as he had 159 yards without tripping over his feet Once Texans 29, Colts 27 What, What In western New York. After taking a couple early shots, Kyler Murray stepped up and stepped in. He is a gamer giving Cardinals an early 17 to three lead. Josh Tim Allen took out all the tools in his toolbox as a Bill's hope for some home improvement after last year. Keon, I'm a cool man, made his debut.


And speaking of souls, DeMar Hamlins is still alive as he got the start on the way to a win prince for DeMar boom. And no one circles like the Buffalo Bills the Bills 34, the Cardinals 28. We go abroad to Brazil Friday night to our reporter who is not able to tweet himself Max Ante. We go to Sao Paulo where we at a classic matchup between Love. Her Jalen Curse had Eagles fans cussing at the TV early with too early turn turnovers in the first, but Saquon ru ru ru roughly was, was playing like a dog and brought the birds back to take the lead.


Zach Bon Jovi was attacking the quarterback all night and many were saying he gave love a bad game with a chance to take the lead Late in the fourth Matt Low one score chose to kick a field goal and make a one score game. A one scoring game. Eagles win 34 29. Thank you very much Max. Beautiful singing back stateside in Chicago. We're in a touching tribute to Jeremy Allen White. This season of the Bears gonna be taken a lot more serious than the previous two fans were uneasy watching the Bears offense, wondering if they finger nailed their first pick. But it was Jonathan Biles in the special teams that trampoline them into scoring. Will Jan Levison Gould has gone snip snap snip snap with the start of his career.


And it snapped more than it's snipped on Sunday after throwing a large pick t titty 'cause she's got big tits to teach. They're fake chin lips and go. Cool. She's got big tits. The fake boom before they got back together. Bears 24 Titan 17 down to Atlanta where they swapped Ruy for Jussie. And Ray Ray, you, you get off of Mick Cloud was working on a revenge game against the Steelers. And speaking of revenge games, peon Robbins and rushed the ball 18 times Kyle Pit scored a touchdown leading slack. John A. Smith saying, I didn't know you could do that. Cam Johnson, whose name literally translates to Jeffrey Dubin got knocked outta the pointy game early, but the special teams came to the rescue as Boswell.


That ends well after Chris kicks six field goals and a punt in relief. The Steelers 18, the Falcons tank. Let's head to Cincinnati where we have Henry Lockwood on the scene for the big Patriots win. We head to the depths of the jungle of Cincinnati where Roman Andre, I want Iguala Stevenson got the scoring started going early with the second quarter scorer at halftime. Joey Chestnut said, brat summer isn't over yet. Taking down 18 bras in 10 minutes to to beat six other people. Gerard Mayo for Yale had his defensive line ripping all day, holding the Bengals to 10 points on his way to his first win as an NFL head coach.


Lighthouse 16, jungle 10. Thank you Henry. Out west of Seattle where Denver is thinking this is the year Bo Nicks has improved so much under his new offense. He's focused, he's having fun. I wouldn't be surprised if he dark horse for the MVP. The rests were something Gaz has never done. As they sing, you could dance if you want to. It's safe to dance. Everyone do the safety dance as the Broncos got two safeties in the first half. Kenneth Brandon Walker asked the Seahawks fans why hollering after a tough first half, but then put the team on his back leading the Seahawks to a 26 20 win. Whoop whoop Over to Tampa Bay.


As the come's tried to limit price controls on all the inflated Bucs. Mike Evans Gate Col two touchdowns and looked like he was sailing through space on a comet as Commanders fans wanted to put on their new Nikes and pull over a big purple blanket on their faces. Drifting off into the sweet embrace of the unknown. The Commanders cut the lead to 10 and come's head coach showed off his analytics by kicking an extra point and cutting it to nine. Unlike the Miami Police Department, this Washington defense wasn't stopping anything at all as every Florida receiver made it into the end zone on time. Despite the efforts of the Supreme Court, this baker was unstoppable. Meanwhile, the DC quarterback couldn't keep his helmet on as Jaden Daniels Day Lewis went method acting as Nancy Reagan being very, very careless with his head.


Tampa Bay buries the Commanders 37 to 20 Standing on a corner. Jamis Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fine sight to see his d My Lord Jerry Jones Ford to pay Dak Parsons NCD. Is that Tom Brady? His hair's Here's looking way, keep DeShaw away from the huddle and the ladies, ladies Cowboys 33 Brown 17.


It's Week one for singing two boom.


And that was week one Fastest two minute presented by our good friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Silverado is a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of Pardon, My, Take jobs. I was in the electric one, the ev the other day. It's incredible. Massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head over to chevy.com to build your own Silverado or Silverado HD and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week one in the books we're watching the fourth quarter of the Rams Lions game. As we tape this, we will do that game last. But boys football is all the way back. It was great to be with the fellas in the gambling cave. I forget how much football happens at once. Just simultaneous football all day Long. I also forget how quick it goes by because I feel like you just blink and then it's boom Carry Underwood in your face. It was great though, to be back. I'm Not gonna complain about that. No, no, I I Listen, it was a great Sunday. It was a lot of fun to be with the, with the guys watching ball every game going fast paced witching hour. It's just great to be back. It's great to be back. So let's dive in, shall we?


Should we do it? Let's do it. Let's do it. So we're gonna, if this is your first fall with us on Pardon My Take, we recap every single game from Sunday and this week also from Friday because we obviously didn't talk about the Eagles 34 29 win against the Packers in Sao Paulo Max. Good win. Sometimes it's alright to win sloppy Sometimes it's alright to win sloppy. I also should say, I should say before anything, thank God Jordan Love is not seriously injured. I think we all were rooting for that. For him not to be Seriously. Yeah. For him to be, for it to be nothing. Yep. It basically was nothing. He's gonna be back in three to four weeks. I know that. I was sitting in bed worried and I was just like, please hope he's okay.


And he's okay. Yeah. He might Be okay. I don't know if the Packers are gonna be okay without him. Because Malik Willis got in for a Hail Mary and at some point Malik Willis played quarterback in his career. Yeah. At some point he was thought Highly For liberty. For Liberty. Is that real? The schedule was not great at Liberty. Yeah. But yeah, Malik at one point could throw football and he didn't know how to throw a Hail Mary at the end of it. It was a weird scenario down in Brazil because you had the grass looking like the sod father, which just immigrated like ran away from the law. Yeah. And was a fugitive down in San a Paulo. It it, the grass was not great. People were trying to blame the grass on Jordan love's injury. I would say that's stupid.


You should blame Jalen Carter for being dirty, dirty player. Yeah, yeah. Dirty player player. Trying to injure people. Yeah. I think that would be the more, more the blame. The grass had nothing to do with that injury. You, you Can blame the grass for making the game hard to watch it. Especially in the first half. Yeah. But it's, why don't they just change the cleats immediately? Why don't they go out for warmups and they're like, yeah, you know what I need? I'd have to wear the long cleats. I I also love when people see the NFL playing on grass. That's shitty. And then having this like epiphany where they say to themselves, we have, you know, multimillion dollar athletes, a billion dollar corporation and we're sending them down to Brazil on this shitty field just for the almighty dollar. The NFL has no shame.


They don't care about player safety. If it took you that long, if it took you till Friday night to figure out the NFL doesn't care about player safety, welcome to the party. We've been here for a very long Time. Yeah. And ironically, Brazil is the last place I would expect to have a problem with too much grass on the field. Yeah. It seems like given their waxing strategies, that wouldn't be an issue. It's been apparent every, every time they send a team over to Germany or England or now Brazil, Mexico City. We have football stadiums in the United States. Yes. They have football stadiums in the other countries and they have to put new turf down every single time. And then they act shocked that the new turf installation wasn't up to par for NFL games. They have little, They have little 120 pound people running around, barely running around, kicking a ball around.


And then you put a 300 pound man on the field trying to tackle each other. Yeah. It's gonna look different. I dunno, Namar flops pretty hard. When he hits the ground, he'll roll over like four or five times. So kind Of vindicated. Maybe he wasn't flopping this whole time. Maybe It was the Grass Was shitty grass. Yeah, shitty grass. He's been having him do this. It was, yeah, it was kind of a sloppy game for a little bit. Jalen Hertz had his ups and his downs. I think we can say that. The tch push that was Travis or that was Jason Kel. It's Been nerfed It was Jason Kelsey that was responsible for the T push. It was his t Yeah. That was doing most of the pushing. Yep. And it's been nerfed and it's been, it's been completely nerfed right now. I don't know if there Well they did, they did steal our phrase for it and call it the Brazilian butt lift. Yes, I saw that Musk credit Ju max.


Do you now finger pointing at you. Yep. Gun pointing at you. Yep. Do you now realize that we actually weren't joking when we said that Nick Wright was kind of genius for saying that Jalen Hurt should have thrown more interceptions in preseason because in training camp, because he looked shitty. No he didn't. Yeah, dude, he max he Looked Bad. Come on Max. He had bad moments and then he had good Moments. Yeah. But he had some really bad moments in team. But say He looked shitty, he did Max Stafford to throw a shitty pick. He's having a good game. He, the, the fumble wasn't his fault. You can be honest. Max was Moments that he had. There were bad moments that he had. There was moments that He had. This is not what Max, this is not what Max was saying on Friday night. I Well, yeah. 'cause overreacting, but now the Touchdown passes.


Saquon was very nice. The touchdown past Seon was a perfect class. That was Okay. So there you go. That was good. Yeah. But he, he looked rusty. He had some bad moments. He had some good moments. Saquon's pretty awesome though, Huh? Saquon is the best. Do you think, like if, if the New York Giants had to do it all over again, do you think that they would give Daniel Jones a massive contract extension and let Saquon Barkley No. Walk on a low ball? No, That was one of those one embrace Debate We thought was stupid In the, in the moment. In the moment. That's not even hindsight In the moment. That Was just, you guys are dumb in the moment. But yeah, max, I I feel like, I mean that that was the, I think we talked about it on Friday's show, but the new defensive coordinators, whenever you're trying to install a new system, you're gonna have weird moments.


It felt like, it almost felt like a college game at, at points where there was just receivers running wide open down the field on both sides. Like, 'cause they both were new defensive coordinators. I a win's a win and I, the Eagles are loaded. Like I think the Eagles are gonna be a, a problem this year. I know that there's Jalen hurts, there's some question marks. You even have 'em yourself, but yeah, the Eagles are good. Yeah, it was a good win. It was a good win. It was a weird game. you know, they traveled 10 hours to get there. Well, not gonna overreact after week one. I, I wish Hertz played a little bit better, but he, he played well enough to win the game. Yeah. You guys gotta win. That's big. And if you're a Packers fan, you're probably happy.


That love, obviously happy that it's not worse than, than what it sounds like. But for the next like month or so, you've probably got some questions about whether or not Malik Willis is the guy and, but Thankfully Jordan loves. Okay. Is Malik Willis the answer to any question that's ever been asked? Is there a really good guy that you would want to help someone on the street If I was homeless? Yeah. It would name one NFL quarterback that you would like to see come around the corner with a handful of like windbreakers Yeah. And sweatpants. Malik Willis and maybe a Tupperware filled with food. Yeah. Malik Willis. Probably that guy If I was looking for, Hey, what's one of, one of the cool names of a player in the NFL Malik Willis.


Yeah. Name one NFL player whose name sounds a lot better than he is. Yeah. Malik Willis. That's, that's is probably probably one a he Is the answer to that question. Also very fun story for this game was all the beat reporters sending their stories or their tweets back to the states for their wives and significant others to tweet out. Yep. That was a really cute story that completely just forgot about saying the part where they decided to play a game in a dictatorship. Yeah. Where Yeah, it Was like, this is so cute. The the wives are tweeting it back from like Philly and in, in, in Wisconsin. Yeah. I Oh yeah. But why, why? Oh yeah, because we played in a dict, you know, in, in a dictator is running Brazil.


Bolsonaro has been hospitalized with an acute case of NFL Fever. It's life threatening. Yeah, it was, it was funny to see Sal Palton was down there. And so I wonder like these guys, if they're sending texts to their wives back home and then their wives are tweeting them out, their wives are also probably reading like all the dms and stuff. Oh yeah. So I wonder if anybody was sliding into South Pal's wife's dm. I hope they got a little bit of the mentions too. Yeah. Like just getting to live one day in in in your husband's or, or wive's mentions. Yeah. Be like, wow, this is the shit they deal with you piece Of shit. You hate the Eagles you always have. Yeah. Fuck You. You said this guy's injured, he's back out there. Eagles Fans are pretty reasonable. I don't think that they see That.


I, I love that one Eagles fan who was at the big statue of Jesus Christ. Just the a Brazilian is just out there on a, on a Friday seeing Eagles fans in the wild. They have to be like, what is going on? Yeah. What is this? He's got the mohawk, the face paint at Chrysler Redeemer. They're just Screaming at random people to do this chant. I guess soccer culture is very similar, but still there's something about Philadelphia that just makes it extra special and in your face. Oh, Philadelphia travels. Yeah. I, that that could be just a travel show in general. Find the biggest Philly scumbag and just send 'em abroad. Yeah. As many places as possible. I don't understand. You couldn't pay me to go like abroad for a football game when I could just watch it on tv.


On TV at home. And also miss the, of the football game. I guess Friday you, you don't, but like the London game where you just can't watch the rest of the games. Yeah. That stinks. I do love as a fan though. We had a game Thursday. We had a game Friday. We had college football all day Saturday. We had NFL Sunday then NFL Monday night. Yeah. That's a, that's a pretty good five days of football watching on tv. No, I'm gonna, Tuesday's gonna come and I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be re wrenched over my toilet. Just puking. Having withdrawals. Yeah. It's gonna be tough. But we can make it through. Yeah, we can make it through. We always do. If Thursday coming back up, Max, do you think it's kind of a cuck move for the Philadelphia Eagles to wear black on their uniforms instead of green because they're afraid that the local fans don't like the Color Green?


I don't think that they said that. That's What I heard. I think that's, that's, that's, that is, I think that, I don't think that that I did hear that. I heard from, from several reporters wives. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't think that was confirmed anywhere. So Yeah. Okay. Well good win Max. Great win. Yep. You beat the Packers enough. Yeah. I was very upset at you for a while during that game that you weren't gonna beat the Packers. Also, our good friend Matt LeFlore, he kicked a field goal down one score to go down One score. Yeah. In the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter late. It's Kind of his thing. I kind of, I understood it a little bit more. Wait, they ended up losing. How, how much did they lose by? Five? Five. Yeah. Five. Yeah. I, but they were, they kicked the field goal To go down.


Two. Two. I get it a little bit more. 'cause then you can win with a field goal. But I'd still rather score or try to convert on fourth down and score a touchdown. Yeah. You want, you want six there? You want six at the end of that drive when You're down, when you're down five, you want six. Can We just recklessly speculate who he would want to see step in for the Packers? Yeah. Ryan Tannehill. Ryan Tannahill. You want, you want to see him? Yeah. You really want to see Ryan T. Hill More? Ryan Tannehill. I would like The Packers to lose. You would like Ryan. I want Ryan Tannahill to step in for the Packers. Actually I want Malik Willis. I think you gotta give him at least four games. Give him a shot. You don't wanna hurt Malik's confidence. No. You don't want him to think that he's not the answer. Yeah.


I would like to see F Flaco Should have should've Waited. Joe, Joe Flaco should've. He shouldn't have. Brett Marav could. Brett Fav could play Brett. Brett just let him play. I Was thinking about fav yesterday and there's a good chance that he, he like didn't go anywhere because he is like, I gotta be close to home base in case the phone rings. There's a, There's a, there's a a pretty good chance that he had Edward or just call the Packers and, and say, Hey, are you hearing anything about Brett? Yeah. And, and, but he was put up to it. Brett Favre just tweets out outta nowhere. Just so you know, all my court cases are up in jeopardy right now. I won't be sentenced to anything for at least another nine months. I could Travel outta State. I could tra I'm not currently wearing an ankle monitoring system. Brett Fav would do it.


Anyone wants me? I think if you asked him he would. Yeah, for sure. Matt Flynn, Matt Flynn, Blake Bortles. Blake Bortles out there. Pack Legend And has Yeah, Matt LaFleur knows him. Really? Joe f Flaco has become a very valuable, valuable trading piece right now. They Should let Joe f Flaco just go from team to team every, every week. It's it. You have to drop Joe f Flaco and then he gets picked up. Yeah. Jamis. Yeah. Jamis would be Jamis and Green Bay. But I, that would break me. No, I can't, we can't have that because then I would just, that would, that would break me. I don't want that. Let's just get ahead of Malik Willis. Let's Get ahead of Florio and say Colin Kaepernick. Yeah. To the Green Bay Packers. He's ready to go. It's only been eight years since he's played. I'm Sure he's done a, a workout in a closed workout that Florio's gotten wind of in the last couple months.


Yeah. He's looking just as good as ever. Can We just put out the report? Part of my take is reporting that Colin Kaepernick is in consideration by some to be the Green Bay Packers Bridge quarterback. Yes. So Jordan Love returns. What, What is, who is their third quarterback right now? Oh, they don't have one. Mm. You gotta have Malik Willis. Malik Willis. He's gotta be the guy. The emergency quarterback should just be a lottery of all Packers owners. That's something that you get when you buy the, the piece of fake stock. Yeah. As I am a Packers owner. Actually as a one Green Bay Packers owner or the Green Bay Packers owner is considering bringing in Colin Kaepernick. There it is. Me. You heard it right there. Okay.


Should we go to the Sundays games? Sundays games, Bears 24, Titan 17. The Bears are one to, oh, they did not score an offensive touchdown Kill Williams looks really bad, but the Bears are one. And Oh, and I don't give a fuck. Well, I do actually care a little bit because I really wish he had played better. 'cause he was not good. He was not good. He looked like nothing really worked. You could, like the best case scenario you could say is, oh, Keenan Allen dropped a touchdown. He did. But other than that, the offense was bad. But this is also why I was so excited about this season and said over and over that Kale Williams is going into a better situation than any Bears quarterback ever was.


Partially because of the defense. And the defense was awesome and the defense completely bailed and special teams bailed the Bears out. And I'm just, I I had the biggest sigh of relief when that game ended because this would've been the longest week of my life if the Bears had lost that game with the way Caleb Williams played and then having to play the Texans on Sunday night football. Yeah. Caleb didn't play great. But he also didn't lose the game for you. No, he didn't make any, he didn't throw any Picks. So that's nice. 'cause in the past you've played these games where your defense and special teams have played lights out. Yeah. And then you're like, if we just had a guy that wouldn't lose the game for us, we'd be fine. That's what Caleb did today. He did look nervous. Especially in the first half. No, He didn't look good. He said himself, he's like, I played bad. He was like falling away from throwers. He looked uncomfortable.


And that's probably just nerves. And it's funny 'cause they asked him whether or not he was nervous about week one and he said, no, I've never been nervous in my entire life. I don't get nervous. I'm just right now feeling like I am very anxious to get out there and play and I don't wanna let anybody down. And he just went on to perfectly describe what feeling nervous was. Yeah. But he just didn't say, he's like, I'm not nervous. I'm just very, very worried about not playing. Well. And he also probably said that he was not nervous because he had never played in an NFL game behind the Bears offensive line. Yeah. There were some plays where, I mean that, that one sack he took, he probably shouldn't have spun three times, but he also, it was over right away.


I'm okay when quarterbacks spin three times. But when you spin you have to actually like move to the Side where you spin. Spin. Yeah. Or forward. He was just spinning like he was like trying to make himself dizzy. You the idea of the spin move is to spin away from something. Yeah. But I'm not, I'm not going to sit here and say, oh, the offensive line is to blame. The offensive line was bad. And that's a concern for me. It was a concern going into the season. The run game did not look great. It couldn't really get going forward. Kale played bad, but the Bears won. And one to oh is one to, oh and I'm not gonna apologize for one to Oh. And that defense is so goddamn good and that's what's making me like the most excited. And Caleb will figure it out. Yeah. I, I got, so it was 17, nothing at halftime.


And I was getting very down and going to a dark place. Also, by the way, Veis Jones just lives to torture me. He at some point a guy just being the Fastest guy, you have to have more than that. And unfortunately the more for Vli Jones is he also fumbles. So he is the Fastest guy, but also fumbles that, those were his two defining traits. But that was when it started to get really bad. When he just, that was like a comic book. Fun. It, if you saw the dots, you know you can watch re replay the dots. They do the graph. He, he kicked the ball forward 20 yards. It was crazy. So Veis Jones, I really need him to, to not be in my life anymore.


But PFDI have something for you because I was doing this when I got really in a dark place. I went and started looking it up. Here are the guys who lost their first start in the NFL. Okay. Troy Aikman. Good. Peyton Manning. Good. These all guys that were on Mount Rushmores. Yeah. Dan Marino. Yep. Joe Montana. Pretty good. Eli Manning. Yep. Matthew Stafford. These are all future hall of Famers And Eli Manning. Future Hall of Famer. Yeah. Eli Manning will be in the Hall of Fame. Okay. Are you kidding me? Who? Who runs the league, Dude? Yeah, it's true. I mean, get outta here. Oh man. Golf just through bad pick and the Lions might lose and that will be a bad, that that'll be a sad boy move for Me. We, we have a new stat that's going around though now.


It's not the Peyton Manning interception stat. It's the John Elway first start stat. Yes. I What do you go like two for 10 or something? Yeah. Or 11. Yeah. Yeah. And then he got benched immediately after that. That's a good stat. Yeah. I like, that's a good comforting, nice comforting stat to look at when your quarterback's not playing. Well it, It was, it, it was a bad game. I also have another stat, and again, I'm not gonna make excuses for bad game, but this is, maybe it's preseason, lack of preseason, lack of training camp, whatever you wanna call it. Oh, is that pick, is that gonna count? Do you know? On Sunday now the NFL is a passing league. It's a passing league. Right. On Sunday there was only one quarterback who threw for over 300 yards.


That's pretty crazy. That Is pretty crazy. That was Tua. One of 'em was just an 80 yard pass. The tyreqe dude, everything else. And then there was only, there was only two quarterbacks who threw over 250 yards. So the, the passing was just bad on Sunday. Overall there was 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 quarterbacks that threw for 200 to 250 yards. So, and then everyone else was under 200 yards. And then there was kale blooms who had 93 yards. But passing was down, overall passing Was down. Defenses are head of offenses in week one. Yeah. I mean some of these numbers J Justin Herbert threw for 144 yards. Kirk Cousins for 155.


So here's Bert Lawrence for 162. Here's the stat Right here. John El always first start, he was one for eight 14 yards a pick. Four sacks, no Russian yards. But they won Hall of Fame. But they won. Yeah. No, he wasn't on my list. Yeah. Yeah. So I wind's win. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna apologize for wins. But goddammit, I'm so happy they won because that would've been a torturous, torturous week of discourse about Kle Williams because he, he played bad. Caleb Will be better. He's a good player. Yes. I've seen him play better. I've seen him make throws. I know that he's a good quarterback. He'll be better. The defense and the special teams won't need to do as much to help them win the, but maybe they will. Maybe they won't. Maybe they'll do it anyways.


Yeah, Maybe they'll do it anyways. And Will Levi had a day to forget. Let's just leave it at that because that throw he did the Surrender Co co Cobra in mid play. Yeah. On his knees. On his knees. On his knees. Yeah. He threw, that one looked Like he was putting the scrunchie on. That Was just one, one too many. Like Hey I'm just gonna try to, he was already in trouble. Just throw it up there. And that was the game right there. 'cause it was the pick six and then our explosive offense got a two point conversion. Will Levi does not give a fuck if he gets hit. No. That that dude threw, he Was, he was in a back brace for Half a, again, he, his body, they put the heating pad on over, over his like uniform. Yeah. I don't know if that works. I don't think that it does. No. But yeah, he was getting, he was getting banged out.


Yeah. Unfortunately for Will that, that surrender Cobra's gonna be Yeah, it was tough around for a long. That was tough. He knew a long time. It Was very tough mid play. Okay, next game. Bills 34 Cardinals 28. I'll tell you what, the haters had a moment. The haters had a moment because Josh started his season with a fumble in the red zone. And the Cardinals were up quickly 17 to three. And then Josh Allen was like, oh yeah, I forgot I'm Josh Allen. And six of the next eight drives he had, they had scores. He had two touchdowns throwing two touchdowns. Ru rushing. He's now tied all time with Steve Young for multiple touchdowns throwing and rushing in a game.


It's pretty good. He was jumping over people. He landed on the ball at some point and may have broken his left hand. Yeah. But he was basically like, I don't really care if my left hand's broken. Yeah. I don't throw my left hand. He Was awesome after that. The start, I mean the fumble was like a, oh God, what just happened? Like Red Zone Josh Allen don't do that. And then he was, yeah, 17 for 22 and 222, 228 yards throwing. He was awesome. Yeah. He was doing Superman plays. Yeah. The Bills defense didn't look great for the most part. No, they're a work in progress. They're a work in progress. But they are, I feel like we say that every year about the Bills. Yeah. Well the who who was on that told us it was actually good that they got all their injuries out of the way because last year was like, oh, they lost Matt Milano in the middle of the season or a couple games in this year.


They lost him in training camp. So they already know this Year they didn't even have enough time to get accustomed to having Matt Milano correct. On the defense to feel the impact of losing him. They didn't have TIUs White as their cornerback and rely on him enough to feel the impact of losing him. So yeah. That that means that the other guys just won't get injured. 'cause they've already used up all their injuries on the season. Yes, exactly. It's a good point. It's a good point. And if you're a Bills fan, you're just happy to escape with a win. I saw that they did set up a DUI checkpoint on the way out of the stadium. Oh man. Directly outta the stadium that are trying to generate some revenue up in Orchard Park. That's, that's a tough scene for a lot of Bills fans. That's Essentially when they have the videos of the Bears, the grizzly Bears and the salmon are all spawning and swimming upstream.


Yeah. They just can put their paw in and they pull out 10 salmon there. That's, that's what that was. There will Be a Bills fan that goes to court and says that this is entrapment. Yeah. Like I was at a Bills game. Yeah. And I'm not gonna get, it was Bill's home Opener. I'm not gonna get drunk at a Bill's home opener. Your Honor. That Was the, by the way, the Cardinals, I, I said it before the season started, but the Cardinals are gonna be my official, this is just a fun watch team because Kyler looked awesome. Their defense is not great. They didn't even get Marvin Harrison going. Marvin Harrison was wide open on that one play Though. James Connor is still the angriest, most upright runner that God ever created and yeah, I think they're just officially a fun team to watch.


They're, they're, they're gonna play hard. We know that they did that last year. They'll knock you around on defense. They'll be physical and Kyler looked good. Kyler was making a, a bunch of good plays in the first half at least. He had some jump passes, some weird angles. He was scrambling around looking real cute out there. I Do think he got a little shorter. It's a white Okay. The white, the white made him look shorter. Yeah. There was one run where I was like, damn, he's Short. Well you forget how short he is. Yeah. After like nine months of not seeing Kyler Murray ever, now you see him and you're like, holy shit. That dude, he's, He looks out there, he Looks like he's five five when he is on the field. Yeah. It's the way that his head little, his little head bobbles around. Yeah. And he kind of, he runs kind of side to side. Yeah. Like a toddler going forward. Yeah. It's like a toddler.


Yeah. Yeah. But good win for the Bills. 'cause I know that there was probably some Bills Mafia that was a little nervous there when it was 17 to three and they're like, what's going on? We also got a kick return, which was fun. Yep. 'cause we were promised more kick returns, And. we got one That was cool. Especially if you bet the Cardinals like I did. Yeah. That was, it was a fun play. It's fun when it works when they actually like run it out. Yeah. But I think in order to make teams stop just trying for touch backs every time they have to. What? You get the ball at the 30 now, The touchback. Yeah. It goes outta the back of the end zone. They gotta they gotta make it worse. They gotta say you get the ball at the 35 if it goes Outta the back. Well And, we also saw more kicks outta bounds going to the 40 because I feel like kickers are trying to be more precise with it.


They're Trying to get cute With it and they fuck it up. The one guy that has the hang of that ba from the Cowboys. Yeah. Well he's, he is the, the guy now. He's the new guy. Aubrey is the guy. Yeah. He's Justin. Tucker's no longer the guy. I mean we're, we're gonna get to the Cowboys game. But that 66 yarder that he nailed. Yeah. I can't believe they didn't let him try a 71. 71 would've been fun. Kickers are kickers too good. Kickers got really, really good And. we tried to fuck with their psychology by backing up the extra point to make the extra points no longer gimmes. Yeah. Actually missable and then they just step their game up after that kickers. They're too good. If you look at how good kickers were in the, in the mid to late nineties compared to today, it's unreal how much better they are.


Yeah. and we thought that kickers in the nineties were really, really good because they weren't like the old fashioned guys that, you know, like smoking cigarettes on the sideline part-time mechanics, they step out there and they toe poke it from the sixties. But kickers are just really, really good now. And I think it's even going bleeding into the college game. Like they're, I've seen some kickers make 50 plus yarders in the college game, which feels like it never happens. Yeah. And I've seen a bunch of 'em this Year. Well now we've got 'em gonna camps when they're like eight years old. Yeah. And Australia's just pumping 'em out. Yeah. Left and right. Okay, next up Texans 29, Colts 27, the 11 year streak continues. So this is officially 11th year.


The, the cults have lost their week one game, which is pretty shocking. Pretty crazy. But that, I mean they, they, they were in this game. Anthony Richardson, I guess I would say I see it because how can you not when he had probably the most impressive throw of the day where he slipped and still threw a 60 like recovered and threw a 60 yard dime to Alec Pierce, which went 65 yards in the air. But he also only completed nine passes. Did he really? Yeah, Nine for 19 for 212 yards. And he had a 60 and a 54 yard touchdown. Yeah, Because I was gonna say, I, I, I distinctly remember another, another long pass that he completed too.


Yes. But he's fun. He's really, really fun to watch. I see, I see the vision. I just don't know if it will work. And He ran, he did a good job running with the ball too. Yeah. Still took a lot of hits. I feel like that's just something that he's gonna do. If you're a Colts fan, I think you can put away the fantasy of we need to have Anthony Richardson learn to take care of his body more. I don't think that's gonna happen. I think what you have is an awesome quarterback who's very fun to watch and will put him himself in, in harm's way all the time. Yes. I don't think you're gonna change him. Yes. I think that's kind of who he is. Yeah. Because they probably spent the last 12 months telling him, Hey, we need you to be more careful with your body when you're running with a football. And he's like, no, I got it. I got it. And then he gets outta the football field.


He's like, no, fuck everybody. Yeah. I'm gonna run through people. Yeah. So that's just, so I throw, I'm gonna throw absolute rockets, I'm Gonna throw Bombs and then I'm only gonna complete nine passes. Yeah. I did not know that. He only completed nine passes. I Wanna double check. 'cause maybe I have it wrong. I'm pretty sure he went nine for 19, which is a crazy stat line given the two touchdown passes that he threw that were awesome to watch. I mean that one, two, if, if you, I I consider myself a doubter of Anthony Richardson, but watching that throw that he made to Alec Pierce, I get it. I get how you can be like, if we can just figure out a way to get this guy to be consistent. Yeah. Nine for 19, for 2 12, 9 for 19. If we can get, find a way to get him to be consistent and make the short passes as well as he makes the long passes.


I understand being like, this is worth the project because very few guys have what he did on that throw. Yeah. But you know what he is like as someone who's not a fan. Well I guess technically I kind of am a fan, a season ticket holder for the Colts. Yeah. But without any real skin in the game. He's a guy that if he's playing on one of the side TVs, I'm gonna spend a a disproportionate amount of my time watching every snap that he takes on offense. Yes. Because he's very fun. And when he does, when he try, when he takes off or if he uncork one, it's like, you wanna watch this guy play live. Yes. The other big story from this game is Joe Mixon is still good. He had 159 yards rushing. But the bigger story is Joe Mixon is an absolute psycho.


He went no gloves. Yeah. Which was maybe the hardest thing you can do as a, as a running back. No gloves. Nick Chubb does that, right? Yeah. Nick Chubb does that and it's sometimes he tapes his fingers a little bit. I mean I just, I I get hurt thinking about that. Like getting, you get stepped on, you're at the bottom of the pile. You have no glove. I know the gloves don't stop. If someone steps on you gloves aren't gonna stop it, but it feels like it was gonna stop it. you know what I mean? It feels better holding the ball. You get skin on skin contact if you wear a glove. It's like taking a raincoat with a shower. Right. I, it's very intimidating. It's, what's the guy from the, the Bengals that does that defensive end? He was on the Saints Hendrickson Hendrickson. He also goes no gloves.


But on the defensive side, yes. Maybe, maybe crazier. It's just a crazy move no matter what. And I just, because like, I, I know this will make no sense, but like I I, I sleep with a shirt on because I always think like, what ha if someone, like, if, if, if an emergency happened, someone shot me, I'd, I'd rather have a shirt on. Not that it would stop it, but it would probably make it feel a little bit better. And then when, if they take your body out on a stretcher, at least they're like, oh, that guy looks good. Yeah. He's wearing a shirt. Oh man, he's got it Together. Golf just tried to throw another interception, And, it was dropped. We'll get to this game. But that just happened. But yeah, Joe Mixon, G Loveless G Loveless is a good, It's hard as fuck. It's a good look. And CJ Stroud still, still good.


Still very good. Still very, very good. Yeah. But I, the, the scary thing from watching this game was that like the Texans, if Joe Mixon runs like that, their offense can't be stopped. Yeah. Texans are all in. Yeah. I I also, there was a, a true like wild boys moment between the two coaches because we had the Texans with, I don't know, three minutes left up. Two decided on the fourth and goal on the two yard line went for it when they could have kicked a field goal and got up five. They went for it. Got it. It was like, holy shit. That was crazy. Like, you go up, you go up five there every time so that you can't lose the field goal.


And then the Cols did the same thing where they were down nine with like a minute and a half left on the two fourth and two on the goal line and they went for it and got it. I, neither one made sense to me, but they both worked. They were just going both fuck it mode. Yeah. Because like Shane Steichen, if you don't get that, the game's over. If you get the field goal, I guess, I guess I Understand. I like going for the touchdown there because you're, you're at what, the four yard line? Yeah. You're gonna yard line. So the chances of you getting that close right after you, if you get the ball back pretty low. So I I I like that move. Well they Both were just wild. And then Dko Ryans. Yeah. Like I, I I guess do it. I mean you have CJ Rou if you have a play that you love. 'cause the play did work perfectly And. it was very open. Yeah.


Also shout out to the Colts fans when we gave away the, the tickets for this week, we didn't know if anybody was gonna have a Joe Flacco col jersey. We thought, we thought maybe that it was wouldn't exist yet. I think we got five or six sent to us. Yeah. Yeah. So shout out to EW Ls for picking up the flaco jerseys early. Yeah. It's very impressive. Yeah. I, yeah, this game, I mean it was a hard fought game. I, the Texans are good. They're really, really good. I don't know. I'm gonna probably find out how good they are on Sunday night. Well you remember last year, week one, you remember what game that was for the Texans it was Texans Ravens. Yeah. And CJ Stroud looked bad. Yeah. Week one. And everybody was like, no idea if CJ Suds gonna be any good at all. Looked like maybe not. And then a lot of things can happen.


That's, I say that maybe just because I lost week one and I'm trying to like remind myself things can change. Things can change Things changed a lot for the Texans last year. Yeah. It's actually shocking the Colts. So, so the only other thing I would say about Anthony Richardson is his boomer bust. The Texans had time and possession. 40 minutes. That's a lot of minutes. Yeah. Double the minutes. Yeah. 40 minutes to 20 minutes. Maybe Some more of those, those 11 passes that incomplete. Yeah. But that also maybe One, one or two more of those. That's Also a compliment to Joe Mixon. 'cause they just were able to, to pound the rock are Running backs back. They might be I thinkless I think running backs might be back. Do you think the Bengals would've kept Joe Mixon if he had said, Hey, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go no gloves next year.


Yes. You have to A million because he is a psycho. It's a crazy move. Th 30 rushes for 159 yards. Yeah. Yeah. Bring Back the bell cow. He, he was a bell cow today. He was a big time Bell Cow. I love that term. I don't even know what a bell cow is. Hank, what's it, what's a bell cow. It's a cow with a bell. Yeah. Why do they, why do they say Bell Cow running Back? Oh, C come on, I, this guy won two bronze medals and we're doing the celebration. That seems like a lot. Who was that? I don't know that It was A Di long distance runner. It was the first time we medaled In that. Oh yes, that's right. You're right, you're right. Yeah. Okay. That guy actually is a badass because we don't win White American dude doesn't isn't known for long dis he basically won two gold medals.


Yeah. He beat the Kenyon. Yeah, he that you're right. I remember that story and I was like, how the fuck is he doing this? Okay, good call memes. Yeah. Hank, what's a bell cow? Why is it, why is a bell cow a running back that gets the ball like 40 times bell Cows pace the herd and model the way to go. Okay, so they lead, it's a cow that, Do they have a bell on them? I think a lot of the cows do because you gotta be able to hear where they're going. Like when they're out in the pastures, you wanna be able to bring them back. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's what I always thought. It's like so you don't a cow a cow, but this is, this cow's wearing a bell so the other cows don't lose him. Got it.


Do Cows. It's an alpha. It's an alpha Cow. Wait, isn't that what, what the, the, the dog is for the cattle dog is for It herds them. But I think sometimes if you, sometimes you don't need a herding dog. If you have a strong enough leader. Interesting. If you got a true alpha, these Are these correct tank. Yeah. These are all correct. Okay. Alright. Should we do next game? Dolphins 20. Jaguar 17. So Tyreek Hill pulled a, Scotty Scheffler got detained, not arrested. Marlon's man quickly texted me and called me to tell me that he wasn't actually arrested. He was just detained. Yep. Shout out Marlon's man. He had, at first, The police officer is on administrative leave right now.


Yep. The one that I guess took him out and took him to the ground. Were any pants harmed? We don't know if the pants were harmed yet. So I'm, I'm waiting for all the facts to come out before I comment on that. But it is, it is interesting to notice that on both the morning that Scotty Scheffler was arrested and Tyreek Hill was taken out of his car. I know Where you're going. Jeff Darlington was the first to report on both of them. That's interesting. I don't know, have you seen the movie with Jake Gyllenhaal called Night Crawler? There's A lot of Them. Yeah. Called Night Crawler. I don't, I have not. Where he's a journalist who always happens to be first on the scene. I've Heard about it Because he's trying to impress Renee Russo.


Yeah. And he, he crosses some journalistic lines. I'm not saying that Jeff Darlington is calling these arrests in, but I am saying that I might say that if it happens again, I'd Agree. No one is more on the scene when a athlete gets arrested mere hours before a game or a golf match. Yeah. So he's also impressive how fast Scott Boris Got there. Oh, he was Drew Rose. Drew Rose got, came outta the bushes and Klay Campbell was also there. He also was detained momentarily trying to break it up. But yeah, it was a very weird start to the day because I don't know how you guys reacted to it, but when I saw that video I was like, this is, there's no way this is either him or this just happened.


And then Shaster was like, yeah, this just happened. I thought it was maybe a collab with is show speed. Yeah. The, the streamer, that Guy, how's that guy not pro, Is show speed. Yeah's a freak athlete. He does everything. Jump over a car. Everything he does, he's, he's an insane athlete. Why is he not pro in anything? He probably makes more money streaming Probably. Definitely. But he's so, he beats everyone in races. He's a freak athlete. Jumped over two cars. Yeah. Back To back. Yeah. Pretty impressive. Yeah, it was, it was very strange. But at the same time, if you had asked me which NFL player would I have not been shocked to find out. Got on the way to the stadium. Correct. Given his past, I probably would've said Tyreek Hill Yeah.


Would, would be one of the first ones. But it seems like maybe he was speeding. I don't, you have to be speeding pretty fast in Miami to get arrested. I would imagine his car was probably something that people are like, wow, that's that's a weird car and it's going really fast. I never understood that. Yeah. When people have, not even a Lambo, but one of those weird cars. You remember the three wheel cars? Oh yeah. That people have And then you just go fast. Cops are like, all right, we're gonna, we're gonna take this guy in. We wanted, they probably just wanna look at the car. If he was, if he was speeding that fast though, to get arrested, he should have just kept going into the stadium. Yeah. And then by the time he got to the security guard, they're like, sorry cops. You can't come in. Yeah. I gotta Game Man's gonna work.


But yeah, drew Rosenhaus was on the scene. He was on the sidelines immediately being like, my client did nothing wrong. Yeah. And he, I think he had two or three clients that were at the scene and he just kept saying, my client showed up and saw that my client had been detained by the police. And then my client called me and I told my client, drew Rosenhaus, I, he obviously had a lot to deal with this morning, but you know, he fucking loves being on tv. Oh. He loves being the guy that they go to, to ask these questions. Yeah. Yeah. And say, my client did nothing wrong. Yeah. But then Tyreek obviously had the incredible a DR touchdown did the handcuff touchdown celebration, which was very cool. He had to do that. This game though, to me, was just the most Jaguars game possible. There's one sequence in particular.


Yeah. With the Jaguars. Yeah. And. it was, it was a touchdown that turned into, was it an interception? No, it was Travis at a a TN. They were up 17 to seven and he was running in basically free for a touchdown to go up 24 to seven. He got stripped. They got the, they got the, the Dolphins recovered in the end zone, and then the very next play was Tyreek Hill's 80 yard touchdown down the sideline. Yeah. And so it went from a 24, a potential 24 walk-in touchdown 24 7 game to a 1714 game in the matter of like three minutes. And that was it.


That was it for the Jaguars. They went turnover on Downs four, playing a punt and a three and out as their last three drives. And that was it. They just, they just, Jaguar did. And you said that that Tua was the only 300 yard quarterback today? Yes. Which is crazy. 'cause Tua didn't look that good. No, no. They, they looked clunky as an offensive unit. I think Ev I think there was, every team kind of looked clunky as an offensive unit. I think the only team, I don't even know who, who looked, who looked incredible offensively The Cowboys looked pretty Good. Eh, but Dak wasn't like lighting it up, lighting it up. I actually, the one team who looked really good offensively The Bucs. Yeah, the Bucs, the baker looked awesome. The Bucs. I have a, I have a Feeling I apologize for No, no, no, no.


I didn't mean to do that. No, We, we can get to it. I, I am not gonna take any offense at all in saying that the commander's defense stunk. Yeah. But yeah, they, they look clunky. The one, the One thing I did take away though, that's not fair, that the Dolphins decided to do is that eight chain is now a receiver. He's, Yeah, he is very good At it too. He caught seven passes for 76 yards. That's not fair. They shouldn't be allowed to do that. They should be like, Hey, you, you can't, you can't be a receiver too, dude. This is just too much speed. So, yeah, I, the Jaguars are just, I, I mean, Trevor Lawrence was three for seven for 37 yards in the second half. I don't know what they were doing. They, I think they, I think Chaps told us he, that they threw one pass after at t end's fumble in the end zone And.


it just, it was just so Jaguars. They were Scared. It was so Ja, they were playing scared out there. Yeah. They, they, they even, so the fumble happened then Tyreek Hill's 80 r touchdown. Then Doug Peterson decided to go for it on fourth and one from his own 30, and he got stuffed. Now, the Dolphins missed the, the field goal, but it was just a horrific, horrific 10 minutes for the Jaguars that buried them And. it feels like it's similar to last year, where you like that one pass that I think it was to Gabe Davis that Trevor Lawrence made in the back of the end zone. That was perfectly timed. Those things happen where like, Trevor Lawrence is the guy, and then the Jaguars just become the Jaguars again and just fall all over Themselves.


That might've been Brian Thomas, that, That was the Brian Thomas. Gabe Davis did have a pretty good day today. Yeah. Yeah. Tough. There was a perfect pass. Tough. And you're like, oh, man, the anticipation, he just threw it right to where he was gonna end up, but yeah, the Jaguars are the Jaguars. Yeah. The first half it looked like the Jaguars were gonna walk away with it. Yeah. And. it wasn't, it didn't look like it was a competitive game at all. Do you think I have a question. Non-game related. Mike McDaniel. It's a little too much now with the, look, the gold glasses was a little too much. The gold. I, we knew he was gonna do something extra swaggy this year. He has to like level up himself every off season. And this year it was the glasses and the, he's got like a fro going like a little mini wavy fro. Yeah.


I, I have no problem with the hair. The glasses was just, just wear regular glasses. I don't, I don't know. He looks like a Halloween costume. The glasses he's wearing. I had two. I know we talked college football on Wednesdays, which we will, but I had two, like, what's going on here? One was Mike McDaniel. The other is the Dylan Ola thing is creepy. Like, I'm actually creeped out by it. How he's trying to steal Patrick Mc Holmes's life. It's weird. Yeah. Did you, did you watch it at all? It's like, it's weird. Yeah. I don't think it's that weird. Yeah, you don't. Not really. I think it's the mannerisms, The, the jumping up and down before the game is like, it's, It's no, he was doing, he was, the way he was warming up was basically a copycat for Patrick Mahomes.


And the hair is exactly the same. It's weird. Well, Mahomes calls him Lil Zo. I guess it's not weird if he's calling him Lil Zo, but It's also, if you wanna be the best quarterback in the world, like Why not, you know, just be yourself though. Emulate the best quarterback in the world. I, I'm not, I'm not saying it's he, he's a good quarterback. Nebraska's back. That's, that's certifiably true. I was a little creeped out because it feels like he's trying to steal his identity. That was all you Max. Do you agree? I agree a hundred percent. I think it's very, I I don't understand every single thing. It's crazy. It's, it's the same number, the same arm sleeve, the same hair, The same facial hair's the same. It's, it's, it's weird.


It's weirds Super weird. I'm sorry, but I I I'm a little weirded out by it. You wouldn't be weirded out if someone did that exact same thing to Tom Brady. No. Really? Well, you didn't wa did you watch college football? Yeah. Did you watch the Wisconsin Game? I didn't watch Wisconsin Game, man. Well, what would somebody, I just Wanted, I wanted some thoughts on it. The Difference is that Mahomes is much, much more animated than Tom Brady. So it's easier to copy him. Tom Brady would just be like, not really saying a lot, except for let's fucking go. But if he had the, and then winning football Games. If he did the same, Botox had the same hair. Yeah. I don't know. I just may, maybe I'm on an island. I'm, I'm a little weirded out by it. That's all.


Again, he's a great quarterback. I think A lot of people are. I saw the clip. I just saw the clip where he was, it was like both of them jumping up and down or whatever, like stretching, like that just looked like a normal pre-game. Like stretch that like every quarterback Does. I saw the one where he was doing, he was getting the ball snapped to him, and he was like pretending to throw it with his left hand that looked exactly like mahome. Well, Also the whole like the, the haircut and the sunglasses and the facial hair. The facial hair. It looks, he's intentionally trying to look like Mahomes. I think he's doing that. So when he sees himself in the mirror, he's like a little kid that is like watching their favorite team on tv. And it's like, yeah. I, I'm Tom Brady. Like I You get the jersey. Yeah. You put it on and you're like, I can be like that guy.


He's doing that for his entire life. Yeah. But also, wouldn't you be mad if you were Matthew Stafford? That's your godson. Yeah. And he is doing it. He's he's doing Mahomes. Yeah. I'd be like, come on man. Why don't you just get some veneers and Oh no. Maybe just grow the beard out a little bit. But not the mustache. Don't you wanna look like your, your godfather. Right, Right. By the way, the Lions are driving and Jared just missed Jamir GI slips. He slipped. Oh, Jamir Gibbs slipped. They've driven right down the field. Oh, he slipped. That was a walk in. Should we just, let's, let's pause for this play and see how it goes.


Third and 2, 1 0 6 left in the game. It's 20 to 17. Rams lines are going left to right on the screen. you know how they say that on the Left to right across your radio dial? Yeah. Yeah. Radio. That's what they say when they, when you listen to a game on radio, they always give those contexts. 'cause people are listening to this sink. They're not watching it. True. Alright, I'll do, I'll do a quick add and then we can get to the rest of the game. Do we have anything else for Dolphins Jaguars besides Jaguars or the Jaguars? I, I feel for Tyreek Hill, I, I really do. Yeah. He said that when he was getting detained, not arrested, that he told the police officers one day I want to be a police officer and Oh, he is gonna do the Shaq thing.


Yeah. He's like, I respect you, so please don't arrest me because I want to be one of you one day. Interesting. Tyreek Hill will be a hilarious police officer. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe that, that's the solution. Just give him some lights. Drive as fast as you want. And he's got some, I'm surprised he's got some teal and orange lights going on. I'm Surp. Maybe not in Miami. 'cause Miami's got a lot going on, but I'm surprised in Green Bay or Cleveland, they don't just give all the players lights. Yeah. On game day. Oh, Pittsburgh. Yeah. Pittsburgh just like, Hey Buffalo, just, hey, you gotta get to the game, hit the lights and get to the game. There's no bigger emergency in Pittsburgh than playing on the Steelers and having to get to the game on time. Yeah.


TJ Watt needs to get on. Needs to get to that game. Yeah.


Alright. The official review. I'll do an ad. Gametime football season is here. And, we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports, you know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. I'm actually going to Wisconsin, Alabama on Saturday. I'm really looking forward to losing by 30. But I use Gametime and I use the Gametime Picks deal for great seats. So just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT picks setting at the top of the screen. I browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? I'm going to that game on Saturday and I'm doing it with Gametime. So download the Gametime app today and use code PMT to easily score great deals with new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends. It's Supercuts Supercuts knows what you think. It's quick cheap haircut. You can get almost anywhere. Well, you're right about quick. But Supercuts is not that cheap. Not a bargain basement chop shop. Like some discount options out there. Supercuts just, just happens to have 2000 reputable salons full of trained proficient stylists who give great haircuts at reasonable prices. I'm actually gonna go next week. I'm gonna get my haircut. Memes is gonna take me, memes is treating me to a haircut at Supercuts next week. Wow. In fact, if I were to ask you to imagine a brand that was visited by nearly 25 million people last year with a satisfaction reading of 98%, what brand would come to mind with Supercuts? Probably not, but it should. Supercuts is super convenient. Salons let you check in at a time that works for you at Supercuts dot com Or just walk right in. It's your hair, it's your call. Find a salon near you at Supercuts dot com. Supercuts. Real smart hair.


Okay, we're back. Third down, 25 seconds left. So they're gonna try to, they have two timeouts, so they're gonna try to get a first down here, then kick a field goal, and then we get free football. Then we Got free football, a little free Sunday night football. We get free. Just keep it going. Keep this game going until, until Monday night. Henry. Yes. The New England Patriots are one and Oh yes. Congratulations, Hank. Thank you. What? What I tell you, Jacoby Brit. Yeah. He, by the way, so Patriots 16, Bengals 10. Pete Prisco, next time he comes on, we're gonna have to have a word with him. 'cause Jacoby Brit has the Patriots to want to know. He said after the game, I think I cried three times before the game.


He cried on the way in and Gerard Mayo was like, why are you crying man? You're about to win us this game. Jacoby, Brit. Big crier. Big crier. I Like it though. Doesn't matter. Won that game. Ah, Are you can know you're allowed to cry before a football game. Oh, before. Yeah. Or during the national anthem. Yeah. This was not, if you ever won a Super Bowl, You can cry. Not if you're a coach like no. Sean Moreno. Yes. He's allowed to cry if you're a coach of either team, that's too much emotion. Yes. Yes. You gotta be a leader of men. You can't Be crying if you're a coach before a Super Bowl. No. 'cause then everyone will be like, Hey, remember when you cried and then lost the Super Bowl? Yeah. And then that gif is just gonna be used anytime you screw up. Yeah. And that guy wearing the crazy pants was in the 500 level.


That's probably why he was crying. Jalen hurts his dick right this second. He probably smelled Max and that's why he Cried. Yeah. Hank. Yes. That was I I The Patriots are gonna just do this to teams. They're gonna get in rock fights. This was the definition of a rock fight. It was good defense. Some special teams, some fumbles. Run the ball. Rock fight, win it 16 to 10. Are you feeling good? Yeah. Won an O club. Yeah. Won an O club. It's, it's always good to win. you know, you didn't have high expectations for the year, but you go into a Sunday when you're expecting to get blown out and you win. It's fun. Yeah. You guys kept it ugly. This was, and the Bengals did not look sharp at all.


This Is what they do. Well, what happened was T Higgins, we thought maybe Jamar wouldn't play then Jamar's like, yeah, I'll play. And then T Higgins isn't playing, but Said he got food poisoning. But they Never, they they, they Probably just had Skyline. They start slow every year. They're one in five Now in the Joe Burrow era, week ones, they, their one win was the overtime win they had against the Steelers, remember? Yep. So they don't cover the spread. They don't win week one games. This is what they did. They start slow and they, it's, it's probably because you're number one and number two receiver. We're in and out of practice and in and outta training Camp Joe Burrow's coming back from an injury. Christian Gonzalez also played.


Yeah. No. And the Patriots are, I think the Patriots are, are in that category of teams this year that you can't put 'em in. I know. Everyone thought they were gonna be really, really bad. They're not gonna be the Panthers of the world. They're going to win games by just like rock fights. And based off of what, you know, what they said after the game, like Mayo's speech was really, really good. It seems like the players are are getting up to play. Yeah. you know, for him. Which is a good sign. So are you excited? You thinking, you thinking yfs offs? I'm not thinking the offs, but I'm a lot, I'm infinitely more excited than I was on Saturday. Yeah, Infinitely. Infinitely. Because You weren't that excited on Saturday. No, I'm thinking eight, eight wins. Jacobi might get us eight.


Yeah. I, I mean I took, what was their, their season total? Five and a half. I think four. I think it was five. Maybe I took over on five and a half alternate. But yeah, Jacoby is a fine. He's a fine quarterback. Who do you got next week? Seahawks. Listen. Seahawks offensive line was not looking good. Guess The line offense might eat. Oh, Where's it? It's in New England. I'm gonna say Seahawk. I think Seahawks are favored. I think Seahawk's minus two and a half. I'm gonna say three. What is it? That's What it is. What? I don't know which one. I think it's three. I mean, it's close enough. Full. You give us Yes to both. What is, which one Is it? 2.75. We're Guessing the line on DraftKings. Go ahead. Guess the line.


What's the line? I saw three. Whose line is it anyway? Is actually the name of the segment. Yeah. Oh, Stafford almost threw a pick three. That would've three three. Three, three. Yeah. I mean, the pitchers are a live dog. As long as they make 'em a dog also because they're just gonna, they're gonna shorten games. And I know that there was fumble luck, by the way, Hank, I know you don't believe in fumble luck. I have a stat for you though. Yes. You ready for it? Here's the stat fumble luck stat of the day. Do the sound, the fumble luck stat of the day. Boy, There it is. The Cincinnati Bengals last season lost two fumbles. The Cincinnati Bengals on Sunday lost two fumbles.


Boy, that was the fumble lux stat of the day. That's A good, that's a good stat there. It's crazy, right? Because that's really what it comes down to is like, do you recover your own fumbles? They led the league last year. They'd only lost two fumbles the entire season on Sunday. They lost two. Especially one going into the end zone. That's the difference in the game. Fumble luck's. Not always luck though, Recovering fumbles. Yeah. But if like your offensive linemen are hustling down the field, like that crazy play in the Bears game. Yeah. That, that like bounced off the defender's helmet and then it was caught by Rome and then Rome fumbled the ball. Yeah. And the offensive lineman was down there to block. Yeah. That You can Make your, that was nuts. You can make your own fumble luck sometimes. But It, there is, there's an art to picking up a fumble and Yeah, there's, I, I don't know.


The luck happens, but the Patriots listen, they, they're a salty team. And when I do my power power rankings, I'm gonna just be like kings of the rock fight. I feel like re might be in Bell cow territory too. Yeah. Right. Definitely. 120 yards. 25 carries. I Love that stat line. 25 carries 120 yards long of 17. That's just a good old fashioned bell cow. Now we love Joe Burrow. He's a friend of the program and he doesn't have to listen to us. He doesn't have to take any of our advice. Whatever they play the chiefs next week, if they start owing two have to have to go back to the natural hair color. Cut the Hair. Have to Well, the roots are grown out a little Bit.


I know, but you gotta just Dye it. So that's, that's what I'm saying. I think, I think you can cut it short. Yeah. You have to, you just can't have that as an o You can't be an o and two quarterback with the bleach blonde tips. You Can't, yeah. You can't do really anything that makes you stand out if you're not good. Yeah. That's the trick. If you're bad, just try to fly under the radar. Yeah. The good news is the Bengals have been here before. 'cause they do this every year. Yeah, every year. Although the one year that they did win their week one game, they went to the Super Bowl. Well, the crazy thing is this is probably the healthiest that Joe Burrow has been in three years to start of the season. Yeah. I don't think it's panic for the Bengals. Although you'd probably prefer to not start like this every year. Well, Also we should say at the start of the game, there were I pretty much two touchdowns that the Bengals had taken off the board.


Yeah. There was a Mike Kiski catch that got taken off. And then I think they had a fumble deep in the red zone too. Well that Was the, that happened after they f That wasn't, yeah, that was just a fumble at the goal line. Yeah. Yeah. That was just bad. So it was kind of holding it weird. It was bad. I mean, fumbles And, it fumbles and drop passes are bad. But it could have been, it could have gone the other way. Yeah. Also, they, Dan Hurley was the ruler of the jungle and that didn't work out. Do you think it was negated by Joey? I, I was thinking about it more after, I know this is hindsight, but Joey Chestnut basically went into Cincinnati and Alpha their citizens that, that might've killed the vibes for the Bengals. You beat what, five of Them? Five of them? Yeah. Five verse one. Yeah.


Yeah. Well, of course Joey Chestnut could go 10 verse one. But that's that. Like, if you're someone from Cincinnati and you watch that happen, that's a, that's a brutal feeling. Yeah. Yeah. It's not good. It's not good. How, how did they determine who got to compete with them? I, I think they just drew out a hat. 50 50 raffle hat. Yeah. Yeah. Drew out a hat. All right, we're going to the coin flipping overtime. Remember when they screwed up the coin flip with the Steelers and the Lions way back in the day? Yep. That Was crazy. Jerome Betis, They, they said heads and tails I think. Did You know he played for the Rams? What? Wait, Wait. Was he was Jerome Betis from Detroit And he played for the Rams. Shut up. He never played in a Super Bowl in Detroit, did he? I don't think so.


Next thing you know, you're gonna tell me that Jalen Herdz can squat 500 pounds. We get it. He can. Okay. He's really good at squatting. No, I love that. I, I love the fact that they bring it up four times a game. Now I think That he had, he had that one play where he just ran over and they were like, yeah, he can squat three of these defensive backs. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. It was cool. It was cool. So Hank not thinking yas, but happier and more excited about the future. Let's win some division games. Win some division games. Are you a Mayo boy? Yeah. Yeah. Mayo Boy's up. Do you want Drake may to play soon?


No. What? At what point though, if you're, I guess you, I guess you have to, there's that weird balance of like if Jacoby beset wins enough games, you don't wanna make the switch. But then also you wouldn't mind having, Drake may come in and get his feet wet with the team. That isn't as bad as you thought it would be. But If we're thinking Yas, you can't make a switch. It's been really strange. This preseason hearing how people are talking about Drake may, they're saying almost universally Drake May is going to be a good quarterback. He just needs to sit for a year. Yeah. How could you be that certain that he is gonna be good if you're also certain that he needs be sitting right now? It makes no Sense. You also, I don't think we talked about Belichick's comments about Yeah, no. Belichick hates Caleb Williams. He's made it very clear Whatcha gonna do And he wants to coach again.


Belichick Also is like, listen, best coach of all time also put his entire reputation with Mac Jones to end his career. So does he know quarterbacks? I don't know what he said about Caleb. He said like, oh, he completed half his pass is he is not good. Also, if Bill Belichick is such a great quarterback evaluator, wouldn't he have taken Tom Brady in the fifth round? That's Fair question. Or The fourth round Fair question. Maybe The third round Fair question. Maybe The second round. Yeah. I just basically anytime someone, including the best coach of all time comes the kill wounds. I have to think of some way to spin it. So I just kept on saying, yeah, well he dropped to Mac Jones, so, And he signed the ghost of Cam Newton.


Just Ignore everything else. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What did you think Hank? You, you liked that? You want, you want, I want you Want Bears to be good? No, I want the Bears to be good. I've said it a million times. I want the city to be buzzing with, with Bayer's fever. It is. You don't Mean that though. He doesn't. I do. You say it, but you don't mean it. He doesn't mean it. I absolutely do. What about The Commanders? He doesn't give a shit. I don't really care about that. What about the Eagles Eagles I want to lose and as like, as painful fashion as humanly Possible. This is what's so painful for me is that like at the, my I I long, I have no beef with Chicago. Yeah. I long for teams to care about my team one way or the other.


And I don't blame them for being like, I don't give a shit about the Commanders. Yeah. We've been irrelevant. Right. I just want, I want, we were in Philly the other week and somebody asked me, do you think they're gonna get a fuck the commander's chant going? And I was like, no. No, they don't. They don't give a shit about it. Like, I, I yearn to be good enough to have the ci city of Philadelphia hate me. Right. That's my goal. Right. It Is a weird thing that like in Philly, like everyone hates the Giants. Everyone hates the Cowboys. No. And, and thats, that hurts. That's the I don't think about you at all. Hurts. Yeah. That hurts And. it stings. That's more than anything. I just want to get to the point where I can have enemies again. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Yeah. It's fun to have enemies. It is. You have enemies. You, they enemies aren't, don't reciprocate. I mean, I have it similar. I Packers fans hate Bears fans, but, and they hate the Bears, but they also just Big brother us. Yeah. You're like, Pass the, oh, that's nice. You got, oh, you got another quarterback. Speaking of which we can go to the next, you basically Wanna be the Lions, like the Lions. Yes. Yes. They're were like that, but now they're getting a little bit. Yeah. They have a little bit of juice. Yeah. I'm getting close to hating the Lions. Yeah. I want to, I need them to win tonight, but I'm getting close to hating them. I want to be good enough to have people despise me. Yeah. Yeah. Speaking of a good segue, the Steelers 18 Falcons 10. I didn't bring this up when we were talking about Bears Titans, but Justin Fields started this game and Justin Fields and Kle Williams had a combine 20 drives today in zero touchdowns.


Yeah. It was just like, it just all stalled out once they got anywhere close. They were just living with field goals today. And Tomlin, Mike Tomlin without a hat on, is one of the more shocking things that I've Seen. It's great. It was Crazy in a long time. And it's, it's wild because Tomlin's been coaching in the league for forever. Yeah. And I feel like we've never seen him a hat without a hat until today. Yeah. And it was, it, it took my breath away. I was like, who is that? You did you, it stopped you to start. We also had, and And, it was clarified that Russell Wilson was the emergency quarterback, but there was a tweet that went super viral that just, this is when you know you, you're kind of down bad because everyone just makes a narrative on you. They're like, Russell Wilson's inactive today and he's dressed in full pad.


Yeah. He was the emergency quarterback. I thought the same thing. I thought he was inactive and I, but I Wasn't. But it would be Russell Wilson to Do that. Yeah. In fact, I saw Russell on the sideline and I was like, oh, I know he's inactive. But that's not weird for Russell Wilson at all to be wearing short pads. Correct. Yeah. Correct. So yeah, that, that was, he was, he was technically emergency quarterback, so that's why he was in pads. By the way, David Montgomery is just a monster. I Think this was the perfect game for Russell Wilson because they, Justin played good enough to get a win. Yeah. And he did not play good enough to take the starting job from Russell Wilson, who hasn't even had his start yet. But still he's penciled in there as a starter. But there's not gonna be any talk this week about like, maybe we should just stick with Justin. Yeah. There was nothing that I saw from Justin Fields that said, oh, everything's changed.


The only thing that changed for him is he had a defense that could back him up. Yeah. If you were to draw it up, if you were Drew Bledsoe and you saw Tom Brady's first, like 16 starts, you want them all to look like this. Yeah. He was, he he did just enough to get you, like you said, get 'em into field goal range. They had six field goals. Our guy stat hole, which you check out. He, he has a great blog every week. Recapping all the stats. Chris Boswell was one yard shy of the all-time record for most yards in field goals in a game. So he had 273 yards of field goals. Jason Myers had 274 a few years ago, but Boswell added a 43 yard punt. So I think he should get the record All time kicking record Be Yeah. Most yards. Although there's probably someone who had more Punts.


Punter. Yeah. Iowa's punter. Yeah. But this was just a field goal game. We also had in this game, TJ Watt is so good that he confuses the refs. Yeah. So he's, he's not technically off sides, but it looks like he's off sides. He, he timed it so he timed his snap so well, and then strip, I think he did twice Strips Act Kirk Cousins. But they called him off sides and he, he, he's so good at how he times it, the ref apologized to him afterwards and said he fucked it up. Yeah. Which Is nuts. He was getting some crazy jumps. He was always in the backfield. He was everywhere. And every time there's a ball on the ground, TJ Watt is the first person on the field. He's, he sees the ball on the ground before the guy who fumbles.


Yeah. It's crazy. He's just always crawling towards the football. Yeah. He played really well today. Kirk Cousins did not play that Rusty Great. He, yeah. He looked like he's still recovering from something now he, Kirk's never been the most mobile guy in the world. Yeah. But, But I've seen him move around a little bit better. And that, that was a weird Kirk Cousins game because he had a, I think he had two interceptions and usually Kirk cousins interceptions are not like horrendous. He's just careless with the ball. He was careless with those. He was just kind of throwing it up there as he was getting sacked, being like, I don't know, know where this is going. Nobody Is better except Will l had a couple of these today. But Kirk Cousins is very good at throwing intentionally incomplete passes.


Yes. Kirk is the man throwing It at their feet. Yeah. Yeah. At their feet. He'll bounce like exactly one foot in front of them. Yeah. To the point where the receiver won't even make a play on it. But he's not trying to complete the pass at all. And. it doesn't look like it's intentional. Yeah. But he's very good at, at trying to miss passes. But Kirk Cousins did not look good today. The Steelers look like they are the exact same Steelers every single year where they're gonna be hard to watch offensively. But their defense is so good. They're gonna win these games where they're an underdog. Yeah. One of the most funny plays of the game was George Pickens, who does six insane things every game. Oh my God. Three of which are insane in terms of like body control. And then the other three are insane in terms of like clinically mentally insane. Yes.


At the end of the first half, he, he caught a ball on the sidelines. I think at the time that he caught it. There were like four seconds left. Yeah. And then he comes down, tries to cut back and stay in balance to gain another like five meaningless yards at that point. But the clock would've run out. But his toe was on the line. Yes. So they ended up having one second left. Yes. In a half. Yes. And so unintentionally he did the right thing. Which is, that's a big upgrade for George. Like, you don't have to huge, you don't have to necessarily try to do the right thing as long as you end up doing the right thing. Right. Right, Right. Sometimes bad intentions can lead to good results. Yeah. That's what happened. He's so crazy though. He's nuts. Also, Shout out to Falcons. They used Bijon and Kyle Pits.


Hank, this is actually gonna be a very painful, the lines are about to score. David Montgomery's gonna score the touchdown. I let everyone down. I'm out of the pick four Next year we're gonna, next week we're gonna make it a pick three. Think Of how electric this moment would be. Right Now. It would've been the most electric moment in, in PMT history to have David Montgomery hit that parlay for the people. I apologize to everyone Dalton Kincaid that This moment would've been so sick. It would've been incredible. We would've been going nuts In overtime. He just took over. Dalton Kincaid Last better than night. Dalton Kincaid had a play drawn up for him on the 10 yard line that got tipped at the, at the line of scrimmage that he would've walked in. I can't believe that. Good. Pick Hank Cal Pitts. Great pick for the three of you.


I'm out. So next week. So how we're gonna do it is if someone misses, they're out and we'll make it three three to score so we have a better chance of actually hitting it. 'cause if I was out this Week, what's gonna happen when it's not one person that doesn't, we'll just, We'll figure. Flip a coin. Yeah. Yeah. Whoever had the better, whoever was closer, I apologize, but my parlay hit Big Cat parlay. So at least you maybe people ra rode that. That one didn't lose Wink, but it didn't lose. But the Lions won 26 20. That was an awesome game. That Was a great game. That was an awesome game. Football Rocks. What were we talking about? Oh, Steelers. Falcons. Yeah. Steelers Falcons. Oh, another thing with George Pickens.


I actually think that Mike Tomlin likes having those kind of guys on his team. Yes. At some point you have to say, like we've always said, Mike Tomlin's done a great job of managing crazy personalities in the past, but also lost in as the fact that Mike Tomlin always has crazy personalities on his team. I think he really enjoys having one guy who's a challenge. Yes. And then he shows the rest of the team. Like, I will, I will reach this one guy. And then everyone sees him doing that. And that's how they all follow Mike. Yes. Yes. And he is up to the task for it. But yeah, the, the I I walked away from this game being like, the Falcons are gonna still be the, I mean if Kirk Cousins is, is gonna be this rusty, I don't think they're gonna bench him, but it definitely derails what they expected outta this season if he's going to take a while to get going.


They were playing the Steelers who have a very good defense. And it's, if you, if you had to pick one team to go up against as a like 30 5-year-old guy who's coming back from Achilles, probably not TJ Watt. Yeah. Not a good, not a good idea to do that. And So that Whole defense is very good. So, We'll, we'll see what happens when they, when they play some different defenses. But the Steelers are the exact same Steelers and I expect them to be the exact same Steelers and they're gonna be low scoring games. They're gonna win. When you think that they're not gonna win, they're gonna probably lose a couple games that they should win and they're gonna finish nine eight. I do think that the offense looked better though. Yeah, It did. Compared to last year. Yeah. Najee ran hard and George Pickens is awesome.


If you can figure out a way to get the ball to George Pickens. He's insane. Yeah. If you can lens are insane. His body control's insane. Just limit so fast. Limit him to just one on sportsman, like conduct penalty per game. Yeah. And I think you usually win those games. Yeah. I was a little confused. They didn't really run Jalen Warren at all. Yeah, no, because Najee looked good. Yeah. But it was, I I do feel like Jalen Warren gives him another element that just, I don't know. Well he was a Lot better than Najee last year. Yeah. Okay, next up we have Vikings 28, giant six. Here is where Giants fans are at.


This is from at Jones to China Twitter account. He said in a serious country, Daniel Jones would be beaten with hammers. Is that China? He's probably right. Yeah. Yeah. China. The Serious country. Probably. Probably. He wasn't great today. Big. Cat. I don't think so. The pick six that he threw in the first half, the fans booing the entire organization. At halftime, they were Wearing the ridiculous throwback jerseys, which you don't wear on week one. The, The pants, I don't mind the jersey itself. The pants and the helmet are gross. Yeah. They were Michigan's helmets. It's a gross setup. And you don't do that week one. All all fans want on week one.


Take the family to a game. See the colors that you haven't seen Right. In nine months. Go out there and watch what you know to be your favorite football team in your favorite colors. Play a football game. Correct. And then you show up to the stadium and they're wearing the ones that look like something it looks like a, a piece of, of turd that superman shit out. Right. It's a bad, bad uniform combo. You can sprinkle it in occasionally. Maybe wear 'em in the preseason, maybe wear 'em once you're, once you're out of playoff contention, then you can sprinkle those in. They also, but not week one. Right. That's A Yeah. Or that's a, a random Thursday night throwback night in the middle of November. Especially if it's like a bad team. Right. Playing on that Thursday.


At least we have new uniforms to look at. Correct. Maybe they're a different team. I Also just don't like when teams do the throwbacks just to do the throwbacks when they're regular jerseys are classics. It's, it's when these Steelers did the bumblebees. Yeah. Like what, what are you doing? The Steelers have incredible jerseys. Why would you do the throwback for That? Well then you, you wanna also sell more jerseys. Correct. But I just hate it. I don't know. I I I, there's some classic jerseys that you just don't need to do throwbacks on. And week one and we're getting, we're talking too much about Jersey. It's Daniel Jones. It's over. It's bent over. He's gonna cost Brian Dbol his job. Who I still think is not a bad coach, but I think it's gonna cost him his job.


You had fans yelling at, at Daniel Jones going into the game? Or was that after the game? I think it, It was after. I think It was after. That's even worse. Yeah. I don't think it was going in. Going in would've been mean. Going In would've been mean. But going out is is worse in a, in a weird way. 'cause you just had, I mean that interception he threw to Van Gle, what is he doing? Yeah, it was, it was pretty bad. And there were also a lot of bad clips at that front off. Why did they agree to do hard knocks? It makes no sense. That team especially that Was probably Mr. Me's call, it Was probably Mr. Mera trying to generate more revenue for the league as a whole. He's a team player. But the clips that were going around after the Saquon Barkley night were bad. Made even worse by what happened with Daniel Jones.


Yes. And, and their owner talked about Saquon being like the most popular player by far. Like, I'm gonna lose sleep if he goes to the Eagles. I have no idea why they allowed to make that to television. Yeah, why didn't, why did you not keep that out? It, it makes no sense. It makes no sense. But yeah, it's over for Dan Jones and I am on the flip side. I am throwing my vote behind Sam Donald for a guy who's gonna be better than everyone expected this year. I said it was a loser leaves town game for me personally. Whoever played better in this game, I was gonna throw all my weight behind. Hey, he's not as bad as everyone thinks he is. So, so Daniel Jones, actually, he isn't as bad as everyone thinks he is. He's worse. But Sam Donald is not as bad as everyone thinks.


He's he's better. Yeah. Sam darn late bloomer seven Year bump, Late bloomer for him. He looked not bad in this offense. Yeah. He was Kevin O'Connell. He was good. He knows how to make quarterbacks play good. And two of those reasons are Justin Jefferson, Jordan, Addison. Addison got hurt though today, so I don't know if he's good again. Yeah, I think he got hurt, right? I don't know. He went in Hurt. I think I, I think he may have left the game hurt. Ugh. Okay. So that's not good for the Vikings, but I, I do think that Sam Darnell played well. Yeah. By the way, NFC North tough division three out of the four teams are one and Oh, that's fucking tough. Tough Big boy football. Big boy football. Big boy Football. Which team isn't The Green Bay Packers?


Yeah. But Jordan loves. Okay. FFC Is three and oh Oh, memes, Big boy football, Memes. We're gonna get to you memes, but you got a big one. I'm gonna do that real quick. That tweet NFC north has is is NFC North the best division in football is the Aaron Jones is good. And I don't know, I'm happy, but I don't know why the Packers got rid of him for Josh Jacobs. I don't either. I don't like the fact that when you saw him score his first touchdown, people were like, wait, that's not, that's not James Cook. Wait, that's not Alexander Madison.


Yeah. Wait, that's Aaron Jones. Yeah. Actually They have A type We, when when you do the three-way triangle trade, I think the Packers lost all of it because Alexander Madison is on the Raiders, right? Yeah. And he looked not bad. Yep. Scored a touchdown. Right? Yep. And Aaron Jones looked good. That's The, that's the domino that would be talked about for decades to come in the NFL. Yeah. But yeah, the Giants are just, this is, it's didn't just stop and they're just, I guess if you're a Giants fan, at least you know, it's, it's so apparent. Like you can now just watch college football on Saturday and be like, who's our next quarterback? Right. And and if you're a Vikings fan, you're like, this, this year might be okay.


Yeah. He might be decent. Sam Donald might not be bad. Seven year bump. I would put him as the, the top backup in the NFL right now. Because He Start, he's a starter. Oh yeah, technically. Yeah. Yeah. Because he, I think he outperformed Justin Fields. Who is the other backup. That's a starter. That's right. So I would put him as one. Gardner's still a, he's a backup. He is a backup in nature. Gardner Is a backup by vibe. Yeah. Yeah. Very much so. Alright. Last game of the early window. Saints 47. Panthers 10. If you want to feel really, really dumb as a human being, bet on Bryce Young, it's a really good way to humble yourself.


I did it And. it was one single pass into the game that I remembered. Oh yeah. This guy stinks. And the Panthers are bad. Yeah. I want very much for, for Bryce to show glimpses, show flashes, just because I, I feel terrible for Panthers fans. Yeah. Because your franchise is in the biggest, deepest, darkest hole. And it's gonna continue to get deeper because of the pick situation that you guys have. Correct. And you've got the owner that you don't really like. You got just all bad things going on around your organization. So I want Bryce to look like he might give you some hope. And you didn't really get that at all today. He threw a pick on his first throw and then later on in the first quarter, he got basically tackled by his own lineman.


Did you guys see that highlight? Yeah. That was bad. His and, and when I mean, tackled like the lineman is just, was just standing there being a 300 pound lineman. And Bryce Young happened to graze up next to him and fell over. Yeah. I've, I'm at the point now where I feel bad for Bryce Young, so I actually looked it up. He's made $25 million. That's good. Yeah. That's, I I I did, I did that almost as like, I feel so bad. I gotta think of something. He made $25 million. Yeah. Good for him. I still feel bad for, for the fans though. You should be, you, we talk about this I think pretty much every year for the worst team. Whether or not you're allowed to just change your allegiance as a fan. I think under certain circumstances you should be allowed to.


Yes. I think you should have to pay some sort of penalty. Like if you go to prison for a year, I think you could go to prison and then you could come out and you could say, I'm now a fan of this completely different city. But you have to take on all that city's teams. Yeah. And Bryce Young, like the Panthers that is prison. Do you think that that's a, that's a year of prison you're going through. Do you think that anybody has moved out or is going to move out of Charlotte primarily for the reason Yes. That they don't like the Carolina Panthers anymore. Yes. They Just can't stand David Teer. I think that might happen. I think you might see a handful of people start to do that right now. Yeah. I would consider leaving Charlotte. Yeah. You should Leave, just move to Raleigh. Just go to go to go to San Diego and be a Harbaugh Guy.


Yeah, that's a great point. Yeah. Just be a Harbaugh guy. But yeah, the, you really, really feel dumb when you bid on the Panthers. I don't know why. I thought maybe we even said it on Friday. They went an entire season without lead. Taking a snap leading in the fourth quarter. And then my dumb shit for brains self was like, yeah, you know what, Panthers Yeah. You tried to outsmart yourself. I Mean, just, I, my whole theory was you can't be as bad as you were last year. No. You can, You ironically outsmarted yourself by trying to outsmart yourself. Correct. Saints look good though. They, well, Clint Kubiak was on the sidelines. Yep. So mystery solved. Dialing it up. Yeah. Loose lip sync ships. And Dennis Allen knows that you can't be telling tails outta school to the media.


Listen, I was not familiar with Dennis Allen's game. It worked. Yeah. Clint Kubiak called a great game. Yeah. From the sidelines. From the sidelines, not from the booth. Yeah. And the Panthers didn't know what to do with that. They were, they were looking for him in the wrong places. Derek Carr was good. Derek Carr was good. They, they fit, fed him like a steady diet of TSO Hill right off the start. Yeah. Cama Tso Hill, just running downhill. Rashid Shaheed looks super fast. Love saying his name. I al I don't like his number though. What is his number? I think it's 22. Okay. It's in the twenties. A guy like that either should be 11 or maybe like 81, 82 to remind you that he plays wide receiver 80. I'm trying to think about it. Yeah.


I could even use a, I could, 88, I could even Do, I think he's too small for an 88. Might be too small. But again, I have no, I have no idea what size he actually is because the number 22 2, I assume if you're wearing 22 that you're prototypical like tailback size. Yeah. That you're five 11. 2 27. What's The fattest number? 'cause I was thinking about it. I think it's the, the fat guy on the Ravens was wearing 58. Yeah. Those numbers compressed on a jersey. Like when it scrunches up on a fat belly, those look very fat. Well it matters. 78. 78 8. It matters what position Seven is kind of a skinny number. Like five and eight are both fat. Like there was a kicker that was wearing 44 the other day.


Yeah. And that to me, I was like, that kicker's fat. But no, he was in good shape. Just 44. That's a fullback number. Yeah. 90 is usually a pretty fat guy. That's Yeah. You need, you need, you need a eight or a zero. 'cause like the circles, when they get scrunched up, just look, they go wide. Yeah. And It's just, they kind of fold into each other. 99 is not fat. 98 I think more times than often. No, 99 Is one of the Fastest. Yeah, he's, he's fast and he's strong. 98 And he jacked up. I think 90 eight's a strong number. Okay. 96 is a fat Guy. 96 is a Fat guy. Big Time fat guy. 95, also a fat Guy. 92. Yep. Fat guys. That's a fat guy. Yeah. What were we talking about? Rash Shahied. Oh, Awesome Name.


Awesome name. Actually Just bumped out. Malik Willis for coolest name. Yeah. But no, Malik is the guy that has the, such a better sounding name than he is a football player. Correct. Yeah, that's true. He is the answer to that. Yeah. The Saints. I don't know, I also, I'm so mad at myself too because I said to myself all off season like, Saints might not be as bad as we think. And then I'm like, yeah, you know what, lemme take the Panthers. Derek Carr won me over. He was a cool guy. Yeah, same. He was a very cool guy to talk to. He was. He was a lot cooler than I was expecting. And he was in on the joke. So Yeah. We're, I think we're DC guys. I like Derek car. I like saying dc. Yeah. Now We don't know if the Panther or if the the Saints are good or if they just had the acute case of playing against the Panthers in Yeah, Let's play a game called When Will the Panthers get their first win?


Okay. All right. Here we go. Week two Chargers. Nope. No chance. That's Harbaugh's going to chew them up and spit 'em out. Did you see Bryce Young At one point he was down on himself and he went to the sidelines and Dave Canales went over to him and gave him the, like, got down on a knee like he was his dad. He's like, come on, Slugger. Yeah. Like gave him that nice, nice little pep talk and Bryce just wanted no part of it. None. Week three at the Raiders. Maybe That's a, maybe that's A, maybe that's A maybe week four at home against the Bengals. That'll be when the Bengals have figured it all out. Yeah. No, they're not one Game. That's not week five at the Bears. If Kale Williams throws for over a hundred yards, I'd say no chance.


If he goes under a hundred yards, they might have a chance. Now I don't want it to happen. But for the podcast, it would be, yeah, That would suck. It'd be pretty good because we Do have their second round pick, week six Falcons at home. That could be, yeah. They beat the Falcons last Year in the division. Yeah. Weird stuff happens in the division. Week Seven at Commanders. No. Ray Young might go off. No, I don't think so. Okay. They have an easy schedule. Yeah, they did. Well, they were last place team. They were the worst team in the league. That's another thing we're gonna have to teach you about. Yeah, I know that. How they make the schedules. 'cause you just never, I thought you just played, you just never, you just never played different divisions. You never thought about it. It's like the schedule is a schedule.


Oh, you're getting Ma, I know you get mashed up with a division in their conference. No. Yeah, you play the fourth. Fourth place teams play fourth place teams. If you're Hank, you probably thought that the Patriots were just like you. It was like college where you set your own schedule. Yeah. And the Patriots like, yeah, we'll beat anybody. Yeah. It doesn't matter. That's why you guys always play the best teams. If you could See a trend, they're gonna be playing the fourth place team from last year in every single conference. So Yeah, they're playing at At the Broncos. Saints At the Giants. Or Or at home against the Giants. So they could actually, they could have a winning record. Yeah. Yeah. They could win some games. Cardinals, they could win. Yeah. I see. I see a couple potential Wins. Yeah, they're gonna win a couple games. Okay.


PFT, why don't you hit us with a couple ads and we'll get to the afternoon games. Shout out to Saints. They're back.


Part of my take is sponsored by BetterHelp. Kids are always learning, growing, but as adults, sometimes we lose that curiosity. What's something that you'd like to learn? Gardening new language may be. How to finally beat your best friend in bowling Therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/pmt.


Part of my take is also brought to you by our great friends over at Mountain. Dew baby Mountain Dew. You know what we all need? We need to get off our ass. With bold flavors and refreshing citrus kick, Mountain Dew will get you off your ass will have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain. I love the code. Red Mountain Dew. I love the Baha Blast too. Baha Blast. Such a treat code red. Change the game in Sodas. A mountain where the weather is always perfect. That's what you get with Mountain Dew. Your friends are ready to hang. And a day of epic proportions awaits We were at Camp Barsol a couple weeks ago, slugging some Mountain Dews, chugging them, quenching our thirst with the dew, doing the do left and right. The mountain is calling. You should answer. Grab your friends, grab an ice cold. Mountain Dew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold. And do the do


Okay. Afternoon games. PFT Bucs 37 Commanders 20. The floor is yours. Oh. And one. Our defense stinks. Yeah. And I don't think it's gonna get better. Yeah. I think we're, we're a, we're a bad football team. Mm. And I don't think I was ready for how bad the defense was gonna be, but I was, listen, I was so nervous going to this game. I almost couldn't watch. I felt like I was Jaden Daniel's dad on the sidelines. Some are saying you might be a helicopter parent. Maybe. Yeah. I'll, I'll take that week one. I was nervous. Gotta Let the kid fall. Every now and then, I, I know. I don't want him to fall. I was scared. I was scared to watch. I almost like, I wanted the game to be played at noon.


I wanted to get outta the way as soon as possible. And then as the games went by, I was just dreading. I was like, what if something bad happens? I was thinking all the worst thoughts. Jayden looked pretty good though. I'm happy with how things went. I do need some help though, because now I've found myself squarely in the crosshairs of being targeted by people saying, nice second overall pick on a running back. you know, I'm, I'm, I've been there. I'm going into the Lamar situation, so Yeah. I'm hoping that you have some advice for me for how to deal with those people. Yeah. One thing that I tried to do was just put out the blind resume for all the rookie quarterbacks making their starts today. And Jayden had a, a good statistical day. He was not the problem. I would've liked to see that one pass to McClure.


That was deep. I, I wanted to see that. Connect outside of that, the rest of the team, it's, we're just not a good football team. Yeah. We're not good. We're not really good at anything. Jayden needs to, to figure out a way to keep his helmet on though. Yeah. That part is scary to me. He's helmet just pops off every two seconds. Yeah. He doesn't really tie it, buckle it in tight. And. it was coming off even in pregame. And then every time he would get touched, it would fly off. Which resulted in him getting two penalties that were called because it looked like he got decapitated. Yeah. Because his helmet rolls across the field also before every play he puts his mouthpiece in. But he puts it in on the side of his mouth and then he chews on it.


And, we haven't ever said anything bad about any player that just chews on their mouthpiece all game. Correct. Right. Yeah. Okay. Good. Just wanna make sure. I don't Think you have to worry about the running stuff because he's clearly a very good passer. Like he is. Yeah. He's good. He's a good passer. He knows when you, when you watch him throw the ball, it like, it's fluid. It makes sense. It's not like Justin Fields, even Lamar, who has won two MVPs, like people calling him Lamar Great. Two MVPs. MVPs. I love that. Awesome. Or you're saying we have a good running back. That's great. It's been a long time since we had a good running back too. Yeah. Yeah. You have thunder and lightning. Thunder And lightning all in one. Yeah. Together. And he leads the league in smiles. No, I thought that's what I liked the most. The guy, the kid's having fun out there.


I Thought he looked fine for his first start. Like, I didn't think he looked bad. He didn't look great, but he didn't like it's his first start. I Thought he looked pretty good overall. Yeah. I mean, running with a, when when he takes off and runs, nobody's catching him. Yeah. He's very fast. I like that. Some of the passing was good. Some of the passing Wasn't helmets. Got a Yeah. Wasn't so good helmet. He needs more helmet. Discipline. And then the rest of the team just stinks. Yeah. The defense was, maybe Baker was just playing really well. Oh, BAK was incredible. But there were a lot of open guys. Baker was incredible. It, it did feel like every time Baker threw the ball, it was going somewhere for 15 yards. It was gonna the right place for 15 yards. Every single time. Every single, every time.


15 yards. I, I think we forced one punt and every other drive ended in points. Yeah. He had four touchdowns Baker and he, he also, that pass that touchdown pass of Mike Evans was incredible. Yeah. Where Mike, it was more. Mike Evans was incredible. He just big bodied him. I think this might be the last straw for Emmanuel Forbes, though. Oh, that's good. I think it might be it. I think we're, we're saying, okay, we'll give you one more chance. And he got benched a couple times today. At some point, you just have to say, he, he can't play. There was a moment where he had a tackle and you were like, oh, Emmanuel Forbes had a tackle And, it was a play where it was in the middle of the field. It was like, you want your cornerback covering the guy, not tackling him. But that's progress.


Yeah. For Emmanuel Forbes. And then I watched the replay and I was like, oh, well, he, he assisted on attack. Right. And he also should have been covering it Also should have been covering Yeah. Everything was bad on the defense. There were glimpses where it looked kind of cool on offense. But overall, I'm okay with it. We're not gonna be a good team this year. And you Might, I'm not thinking soupy. And You might beat the, you might beat the Giants next year. We're, That's really the Super Bowl for me. Yeah. If we can go two and Oh against the Giants and beat the Panthers. Yeah. That's perfect Season, baby. Yeah. I think you're, I think you're gonna beat the Giants. I think, I mean, Jayden Daniels is significantly better than Daniel Jones. Yeah. Yeah. He is. That's not even close. Max a as a division rival, what did you think about Jayden?


I thought, I I you, I was watching that game with you and I was saying good things about Jaden Daniels. He's my fantasy quarterback. I was, I wanted him to do well and everything. You, you all the positive things that I was saying. You were like, you, you thought that there was some other meaning behind it. Yeah. I thought you were, I thought you were two toing me. I wasn't. I thought there was a, there was a sub-context to every comment you were making. No, I think Jane Daniels is good. I think the Commanders suck. But, but I think Jane Daniels is Good. You have to realize I had my guard up during that game. Oh yeah. As, as the protective father that I felt like in the stands watching. I actually felt like more like the mom where I was just like bearing my head in my hands. I was like, I can't watch. Just tell me what happens. So yes, I was on high alert for that game with a rookie quarterback as I feel like I'm CPFT.


Yeah. You gotta be on high alert. I, I'm on high alert. And so Max was giving compliments. I was like, max shut the, you were like, he needs to tighten up his chin strap. I was like, you gotta tighten up that mouth, Dude. Listen, you gotta get on high alert when you have a rookie quarterback. If, if, if you, if Max, if you spent one second in my mentions for the entirety of the Bears game, they would ban Twitter. They'd be like, they'd be like, you can't, this is, this is hate speech everywhere. I I said out loud. I was like, I think I might just deactivate. Can I keep my account if I deactivate? You gotta be on a high alert with a rookie quarterback. Yeah. I am. I'm on very high alert. And you know what? Next week it's a must win. Yeah. The Giants. Ooh, you got, you gotta take care of business.


That's huge. Because if we don't beat the Giants, that means that the Giants are better than us. Yeah. And that's not a world I wanna live in this season. What was the name of the sideline reporter who was swagged out? That was weird. Laura Oakman. Yeah. What was that? She was rocking a bucket hat and she was wearing a chain and she looked like, when they dressed Kirk Cousins up after a game. Like, Is it because Oasis is back? Is that why she's wearing the bucket hat? Is that for, is that for Liam? I don't know. They just, English people wear bucket hats. I Dunno. She looked like LL Cool J Yeah. That was a weird Look. It was a strange look. I thought that she was doing it. 'cause we didn't have the sound on that game. Yeah. We're listening to Tom Brady. So we were watching that And, we were trying to figure out what was going on. I thought she was doing it because there's like a story that maybe Jaden Daniels has a picture I'm unaware of where he is dressed up like that.


She Was a Steve Buscemi. Hey, what's up kid? What, what's, what's that mean? How you doing? Kids? Kids. How You do fellow kids? How you doing fellow kids? That's what you look like. Yeah. And. it was, it was a strange look. But that was, that was the least of my concerns. Yeah. We're just a bad team. And you know what? I'm glad that I came to the realization week one. I think you're good enough to beat the Eagles at least once and be a pain in the ass to Max. I would love that. Yeah. I do. I think that's gonna happen. I just, I just want you to hate me. I want you to hate me Max. Yeah. You want, you can't hate me. Nah, nah, He doesn't even feel anything. You'll never do it. And that's so, it's so painful that you'll never hate me. No. One day by the way, I have breaking moves.


Breaking moves. Rebecca Roma has tweeted at us saying message to aws, Mr. OSI is muttering should have picked up Baker instead of Dak. We have no clue what this means, but we are worried this time. And it's just a picture of him sitting in a car. Are we worried about Jerry Jerry's having big time fomo on basically any player that does well this weekend. Yeah. And. it doesn't even matter 'cause we're gonna win our game. Jerry did shout out to Jerry O'Connell and his drafting ability, 'cause the AI feature on Yahoo graded him as an A. Yeah. Yeah. I think they projected we go like 12 and four this season. Yeah. So we did a good job and we're winning week one.


But Jerry, he is, he's about that life right now. That's all he, he's second guessing everything. I did tell her, and she's probably gonna listen to this 'cause she's an AW L now, but the only thing that will fix Jerry is four quarters of under uninterrupted Monday night football. Yeah. Just let him, just give him that. Let him watch Rebecca, if you wanna come watch the game with us and just have Jerry chill at home and he gets to tune in all on his own. We've, We'll do that. We feel like we've known you forever. I'll Do Jerry, such a big favor by inviting you to Chicago to hang out with us for an evening. Yeah, I'm in. Okay, next up. Cowboys 33, brown 17 Dak got absolutely paid a couple hours before the season started. He got $240 million.


2 31 guaranteed four year contract. So much for turning up the heat. Jerry Jones, he Did have a great quote though. He said, I hope Dak is our quarterback for the rest of my life. Whoa. Yeah. Four years. Yeah. Well, he's no, then he said, and that's not just limited to the terms of this contract. Oh, that's smart. But it, it sounds like it certainly is Also genius. Genius move by Jerry Jones. Because you could say, oh my God, you're overpaying for Dak Prescott. But you waited a couple hours before you played a game against the worst quarterback contract of all time. Deshaun Watson. Because that really was like, think about it.


Dak signed this four year, two 40 million contract and Deshaun's contract was the entire talk online during that game. Because it is the worst contract ever. It's impossible to beat. I maybe not even the worst NFL contract ever. Maybe not even the worst sports contract ever. Deshaun Watson might have the worst contract ever. We gotta look it up in Louisiana. Purchase. I feel like we got that for like a couple nickels. We fleeced. Yeah. We we fleeced the first we got them Maybe white star cruise lines. Yeah. To build the Titanic. Yeah. Pretty bad contract. And then it's Deshaun Watson. Deshaun Watson. Close second. It's that Old. He has $230 million guaranteed. I actually think that Deshaun Watson is so bad at football now that he hates football.


That he's just gonna pretend to be injured because he's like, what do I care? Yes, You're exactly right. When he's playing, he hates being out on the field. Yeah. Can't stand being out on the field. He looks like he'd rather be anywhere else. He doesn't wanna talk to anybody, doesn't wanna talk to his teammates, doesn't wanna talk to his coaches. He is looking for, he is looking forward to getting hit hard enough to make it convincing that he is hurt where he can't play. He's gonna have an elbow injury coming up. Yeah. I I can guarantee you the other shoulder. The other shoulder. Yeah. I, I, so I thought of this independent of, I guess someone tweeted this at memes and Max, but Deshaun Watson's so bad at football now. I think you could say that he's a, a better person than football player.


I think Deshaun, he's so bad at football. I would say de And he's a bad person. I would say as good as he is a quarterback. Even better human being. Yeah. That's how Bad he is in football now. Yeah. He's a better human than football player. Yeah. Because he's so bad at football. That's a great spin zone. Yeah. He's somehow reversed it. It's It's close. It is close. It's weak. It's a race to the bottom. It's week to week. Mincy asked if if he can even show his face in Cleveland after this. I was like, I think that's the only part of his body he is allowed to share. Correct. He's, I mean it's, it's, it's nuts how bad he is. And he's just, it's, it's abysmal to watch. He was, he looks like a backup that should never be playing a game.


Playing a game. He was throwing the ball six yards outta bounds on almost every throw every time I watched him hurl the pass downfield. And we had Tom Brady in the booth commentating on it. What do you think Tom Brady? Well, how do you think if you were to give him like a, a letter grade? Tom Brady did week one. I can't say that I, I listened enough. I would say that his, his voice is gonna take some getting used to. It's a little Whiny. Yeah. But he, he'll get comfortable. I'll give it a b. Yeah. It's gonna take a, here here's what I'll say. He needs a couple reps. Similar Tom Brady, similar to, if you're listening to this, please come on the show. We'd love to have you on the show. We can give you some tips.


Similar to Dak Prescott playing against a game against Deshaun Watson. And immediately his contract looks like a discount. Tom Brady, you need to just retweet every clip you can find of Nebraska Colorado on Saturday night. 'cause that was tough for Colt McCoy. Well, it was tough for Colt. It was tough for the refs too. Yeah. It was tough for him. The whole operation. The whole Operation. It was bad. And I like Colt and I hope he, he turns around. It wasn't his best. The first game is there's jitters. you know what, here's another spin over for Tom Brady. You don't want to be Tony Romo that everyone sucks off in the first game. And then everyone's like, wait, this guy's actually annoying. Then you flip off. Tom Brady wasn't annoying. He just has work to do.


He Had a little bit of jitters. He also, he was, he was a little bit nervous going into it the first couple times. The cameras on him, couple missteps here and there. I actually, I I feel like it's, when I'm watching Tom Brady and he's on TV announcing a football game, I feel like that's beneath him to do that. Yeah. I feel like Tom should be just like sitting in some high rise apartment somewhere with like, absolutely no fabric anywhere in the room. Just all marble and granite. And he's there watching a glamorous TV with a glass of red wine. Tom Brady doesn't need to be in Cleveland, Ohio. No. Talking to me about Deshaun Watson stayed At a hotel in Cleveland That, yeah. See that's what I'm saying. Like that kind of ruins. That's Cleveland. It ruins the image of Tom Brady for me. Yeah. He should be on a beach.


He's too good to be telling me about crummy football. Also, Tom Brady, come on the show because until you come on the show, we'll just say Greg Olson is better. 'cause Greg Olson's a good friend of ours. Yeah, well he is better. Yeah. But that's because Greg Olson been doing it for a couple years and he's a natural. That's true. I don't, I don't think he was. Tom Brady is not a natural. He will go work harder than anyone. Right? Hank? Yep. The commercial hyping up Tom Brady was weird. Oh, it was great. It was, it was a Little weird. It was strange. I thought it was really, it was strange for really well done. It was a little weird for an announcer. That's all. Well, it's Tom Brady. I understand. And he will get better because it is Tom Brady. you know what I, that's what he does. you know what I, he's just gonna just end up being somehow the best announcer. 'cause he's just gonna work harder than Everyone.


What I didn't like about Tom today is that he was announcing the Deshaun Watson game and he, I, this is not his fault, but that's a game where you want the announcers to be a little bit more mean. you know, you want the announcers to like call out when you see quarterback playing like dog shit and talk about the contract and be like, what is even going on? They miss Joe Flacco. Jamis Winston is waiting right there. Yeah. You want to, you want announce that. It's not afraid to just like step in the mud a little bit. And for Tom's first game, he was definitely not going to do that. Well, it probably was. So, like Tom Brady doesn't even understand how someone could do the things Dehaun Watson was doing. Yeah. He can't analyze that. He He can't, he he, he doesn't, it doesn't make sense to him.


Well, he could analyze some of the stuff if you thought about some of the things Robert Kraft has been doing. True. So you BBI didn't listen enough. I was, I was taking notes and I was also flipping around to different games so I didn't listen enough. BI need, that's the only thing with the, like I, I would like to get like a Sunday night or Monday. It won't happen. 'cause they have the afternoon game Sunday or Monday to really, that's when you can really see like What the reaction is. What this announcer is. Okay. What they're made of. So I I listen to a lot of it. I think that people are not gonna be happy with Tom Brady. Got it. I think that they'll say Greg Olson's better. But again, this is the first first rep Tom Tom has had. So, and it'll get better.


What. do you think Max? What are you gonna say? Johnny? Fanta? Oh yes. Oh, I forgot. We gotta play this video. So Johnny Fanta our guy Johnny Fanta. This is how bad the Browns are. This is how bad Deshaun Watson is. Cleveland, the Cleveland Browns organization has officially ticked Johnny Fanta off. Ticked. Ticked. He is ticked off PFT. He is ticked off. Can you pull it up? It's a TV that looks like it's in a, That's Lake Erie. Oh yeah. That is Lake Erie. It's, this is is this as mad as you can get Johnny Fanta? And again, he was ticked off.


I have it here. I have it up here. Okay. Do you wanna, do you wanna watch it? No, just listen to it. Yeah, we can listen to it. You ready for this? Yep. The only thing that's nice right now is the sun that's shining. It shouldn't be. That was utterly embarrassing. Pathetic, disgraceful. Shameful. You gave that guy under center, $230 million. Fully guaranteed. $230 million fully guaranteed. He's not great. He's not good. He's not even average right now. I put him on par with Bryce Young or Daniel Jones.


He can go stand in line with them, rip the bandaid off before it's too late. 'cause the rest of that locker room knows it. Deshaun Watson's done that first half against Dallas was an utter joke. I'm tired of hearing about rust. I'm tired of hearing excuses. I'm tired of hearing that the two time NFL coach the year, it's all his fault folks. He can't play. It ain't happening except reality. I'm ticked. I was ticked. I'm Ticked. He's Ticked. And I Did you watch the video? No, but that's okay. So this, it sounds like he's almost pod Because you didn't get to see it. This is what he looked like when he was doing it.


Yeah. That's, that's a ticked man. His full Browns gear. He's ticked His big ticked energy Folks. I'm ticked. Yeah. This, This is, this is not good for the Cleveland Browns. No. They lost Johnny Fan. And If you're, if you're a Browns fan, it's so depressing to watch that and to think about the money that you're paying him. And if Kevin Stefanski has an honest conversation with him, And, it was like, Hey, would you just rather not play right and still get the money? Deshaun Watson would definitely say yes. Yeah, A hundred percent. Look at that face. Yeah. Johnny Fanta, he's, He's peeve. He's Ticked, he's ticked off. He's right though. Deshaun Watson is on par with those guys. Go stand in line with him. Go stand In line with him. It's A sad line. He is So bad.


And yeah, it was painful to watch. It was painful. Painful to watch. Especially with Jamis was just on the sidelines ready to go. He's ready. He also, Johnny FTA brought up a good point in that video. No one, and I know there's been injuries and there's a year out and all that stuff, but no one has had the benefit of Oh, he's got rust more than Deshaun Watson. Yeah. Well he, he's been rusty for four Years. He was rusty for being under investigation. Yeah. And then he was rusty from an demanding a trade, demanding a trade. Then he was rusty from an energy or an injury. Yeah. And he was rusty from another injury. Everyone's Like, oh, he is only played a few games in the last four years. Well, that's his fault. And.


it doesn't matter. He stinks. If, if you were Deshaun Watson, they just said, Hey, if you don't play for the rest of the season, just hang out. We won't even activate you on. So What do you do? Yeah. What would you do if you were Deshaun? Would you just probably move outta the country? Yeah, I would. I mean he, he's Isn't he tight with Saudi Arabia? Remember there was that picture of him hanging out with the Sheik? Yeah. Yeah. Go overseas. He's already there. Look at that. Just play the end again. I'm ticked because they can actually see it. He's, I mean, he's the best. Johnny Fanta Hey, it ain't happening except reality. I'm ticked It seriously. Like if I was, if I was Jimmy Haslam's assistant, I would, I would hur hurly run into the suite and just be like, sir, we've lost Johnny Fanta.


Yeah. And that would, that would be the moment where you have to change everything. This Is it. And it man. Before the game, you had Miles Garrett going to the muni lot and, and hanging out with those people there getting all Amped up. I know, I know. You wanted it to be so great. And then the Cowboys, it makes it so much worse that it was the Cowboys And. it was the national game. Now you're embarrassed too. Yeah. If you're a Cowboys fan, you're very, very happy with how today went. Yeah. I mean the Cowboys look good. I think the Cowboys are also one of those teams that, like they were, people have been so, I don't know, like, oh, every year's the same. They're really good in the regular season. They don't do anything in, in the playoffs that they might have gotten a little underrated going into this season. They were two and a half point dogs in this game. Yeah. That was weird. That's a crazy line That's looking back. Yes. That's weird. We're Gonna look back at the end of the season when the Cowboys have 1112 wins and the, and the Browns have a $230 million quarterback that they can't even play and be like, what was that line?


Also, the offensive line did not look as good in Cleveland. No. Maybe that's a, that's a Callahan They have. Yeah. And they've been moving parts around and everything. Yeah. Okay, last two. Chargers, Raiders Chargers 22, Raiders 10. This is just Harbaugh. This is Harbaugh. Through and through. I don't know. Can we, can you pull up the, the Harbaugh got a game ball. Pull up my quote sheet of it. 'cause it's just Harbaugh. He, that team, this is what we knew when we went to La And. we saw like him in his element. They are going to be Don't bet against him. That's what he said to us. He's like, don't, I don't know if you had bet on, but wouldn't bet against us play this sound for this.


This is Harbaugh getting a game ball from the owner after the game. He's just Freaking out screaming so happy. Yeah. He's got him juiced up. They were fighting in the end zone. Yeah. He cares so much about that ball too. He's so, I I guarantee you he takes very good care of every game ball that he gets. Yeah. It all means something to him. And it, the fight in the end zone. He was, that's when you knew that Harbaugh was in his element. He's, and, and, and this team is not that talented, but he's going to get them to believe that they can win any game and they will win a couple games because of that And. it was just great to see him back out there. The One thing I would say about the Chargers, they gotta get ironed out. Harbaugh went up to Herbert before the game to do his patented.


He hits his quarterback on the top of the pads on the side of the pads. Then on the back. Herbert thought he was going in for a hug and he went to hug him. Harb And. it was, they were just Harbaugh's. Harbaugh's not a hugger. Yeah. He's not a hugger. We also went way Hugs is by trying to wrestle you. Yeah. Right. Wrestle you the ground. You That's, it's really competitive hugging. We also had an all time Harbaugh before the game. He announced the Chargers changed the number of six foot 4, 296 pound defensive tackle Scott Matlock this past week from number 99 to number 44. And now list them as their starting fallback. Yeah. And Mat Locke is expected to play both ways in Sunday's regular season opener versus the Raiders. And Harbaugh said that Mat Locke is in such good condition.


He could play a double header if needed. I Love that he gave, if there was a third way to play football, he would be on that team too. Like a special team that was not offense or defense. We'd put him out there too. Even if He doesn't use him there. It's just the hard, like that's just a vibes thing. Like we made our defensive, our nose tackle our Fullback. Well he took the most intimidating looking guy. Yeah. And he just said, we're gonna have this man on our football field as often as possible. Right. Because he looks like a character from Game of Thrones. Yeah. It's, so I I, yeah. I'm buying on the, on the Chargers just because of Harbaugh. This is why I wanted him for the Bears. It's tough to beat Jim Harbaugh on 3000 days rest from the NFL. Yeah. And he's five and Oh in season openers as a head coach in the NFL Colts need to get him.


Yep. Colts should actually offer him like a billion dollars just for week one. Should we, now we like Antonio Pearcy also is a friend. But should we talk real quick about the punt? Yeah. The punt. It was an interesting punt. You wanted to pin him deep Big Cat. Yeah. So in the fourth quarter it was a 16 to 10 game and the Raiders had fourth and one at the Chargers 43. Yep. And they punted. And I read that that was the first punt in your opponent's territory when you're trailing by that much in the fourth quarter since I think it was Rex Ryan.


That whole sent it to me. I'm gonna try to find it, Or excuse me. I think it was, yeah, it was Rex Ryan back when he was coaching, I think the Bills. Yeah, it was, it was very bad. It was very bad. No, it was, it was the Browns at the Colts at the 41 yard line week 7 20 12. They would also lose that game only team on record to punt while down one score fourth and one less than eight minutes left. It Was a very bad punt. It was A very bad Punt. And, and his logic was we won to pin 'em deep and then our defense will make a stop. But the defense didn't make a stop. It Went on a 92 yard drive To score a touchdown and win the game. Yeah. So not great start for the Raiders, but Harbaugh Harbaugh Harbaugh's back in the NFL And it's good for everybody.


It, it really, really is. We also had, speaking of stat hole, he did send me a great stat. So Alexander Madison scored a touchdown on his first reception for the Raiders. And Josh Jacobs had 197 receptions as a Raider and never scored a touchdown receiving. Pretty crazy. Yeah. So you just saw that and the new guy shows up first catch touchdown. Yeah. Lad McConkey also had a touchdown today. Yeah. Where he did the double Olay at the goal line. Yeah. And he looks like he, well the Chargers are how, how should we say this? Limited in terms of what they can do at Wide receiver, but lad seems like he might be a good hardball guy. Yes. Oh, big time. They're gonna feed him.


Okay. And then we also had a shitload of fights after the game. Did you guys see some of those fights? Yeah, the fights were good. Yeah. They were, they were good fights in terms of Raiders Chargers. I mean they tho those two teams, they, they know when they're gonna submit a fight video. It has to be high quality. Yeah. It has to have at least one knockout has to have a moment where there's all ages and sexes fighting. Like you have to, you can't just have a routine, two drunk guys fighting. It is Weird to see a Chargers team and a Chargers fan base wearing, you know, their nice docile color blue uniforms engaging in like physical combat. Yeah. It's more of a chill vibe. But it, with Harbaugh, he's even making the fan base more physical and There's, yeah, I mean the San Diego, those days, like they, they had to fight Raiders fans, The human, that's just what happened.


Human body craves contact. Yeah. Even if you're a fan. Alright, last game from the afternoon. Seattle 26. Denver 20. What a weird start to the game. The the, the Broncos got two safeties on the Seahawks. They were up nine to eight at one point or no, they were up. Yeah, I think, I think they were up nine to eight. No, they were down nine to Eight maybe. There might have been. Yeah, because There was there a ten nine score at some point and everybody was like, oh, this is a normal score. There Was an eight three then a nine to eight. Then the Seahawks, when they scored a touchdown, they did, they didn't get their two points. So it stayed nine to eight for a little bit then I think it was 13, it was 12 nine or something.


I, it was a crazy game. Yeah. The, the store staff was nuts. I think the record for safety is in an NFL game is three. It's three. And so we had two in the first half. Then it looked like they were gonna get a third safety. The, the Broncos they did deep again and they were running plays at their end zone. Again. Barely got out. I was hoping for a third safety at that point. And I will say once again, the safety in the NFL should be worth more than two points. Yes. Two points is not a big enough reward for how hard it is to get a safety. Yeah. It should be four points, five points. One of those two. Or maybe the other team just gets the ball on the one yard line. Yeah. If there's a safety. Yeah. I, I So the, the, the score was at one point 10 to nine, there was one touchdown scored and two safeties and the rest was field goals.


And the team with 10 didn't have the, the touchdown I don't think. Yeah, yeah. No they didn't. Yeah. That that's what was weird. It was like a ten nine score, which did, it doesn't look weird on the scoreboard. Right. And then you break it down and you're like, what the fuck happened here? Yeah. Huh. This is crazy football. Yeah. Speaking of crazy football. Bo Nicks. Huh? Bo Nicks, I don't say this lightly. Feel free to disagree. Big Cat. Okay. Bo Nicks might be the heir apparent to Jamis. Yeah. He is a little bit loose with it. Like He's, he's one of the funnier on field quarterbacks. 'cause everything that he does, he does with Supreme confidence. Oh yeah. Always. It's Bo Nicks and, and when he throws interception, he throws the fuck out of the interception. If you have made plays, like if you followed Bo Nicks in his college career, for anyone who's listening was just an NFL fan.


The way Bo Nicks became, Bo Nicks is not what we saw last year in Oregon. It was the games he played at Auburn, where it would be like 10 30 at night. And Bo Nicks would just be making insane throws that had no, no quarterback should throw and they would work. And so he still got that in him and Yeah, he you're right. You he might be the he parent. We'll, we'll see. I'm just putting the, the tickler out there. We can remind ourselves this a little bit, see how it shakes out. But yeah, when he makes a great play, it's electric. And when he throws interception, it's like there's nobody within 20 yards of the linebacker. He just threw the interception to Yes. He throws across his body off platform. It's the bowler coaster. Yeah, he is. He is. When he is at his best.


He's very, very good. And when he's at his worst, he's very, very bad. And they asked Sean Peyton about it after the game and he said that everyone else around Bo Nicks needs to play better. Oh. So we got some favorite son. We got some Favorite son. Big Cat, Sean Sanders talking about his son, the starting quarterback. Big Cat. Who, who would be responsible for making everyone on the team play better? Would there be somebody that has that job title? Yeah, That would be the head coach. I Think that might be the head coach that I should have gone with. Dion. Peyton there. Sean Sanders. People are like whatcha Are talking about. Yeah. Dion Peyton. He's pretty good. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You, you're right. P ft I would say the the head coach. Yeah. The head coach would probably do that. Sean Peyton, I think he's probably gonna, he's gonna do the opposite of what he did with Russell Wilson last year.


Yeah. He's throwing everybody else under the bus. Yeah. He's like, well not everyone else saw what was in Bo Nick's backpack. I Yeah, that's true. That's True. I listen as someone who watched a a, a bad quarterback performance today, I'm still, I'm grading all the rookie quarterbacks, especially on the road. Like that was a tough place to play. He's a, you know what, he's a gun slinger. Yeah. That's what Bow next is for sure. Yeah. But yeah, the, I I love the Sea Seahawks. That's a great throwback. Awesome throwback. Those are great throwbacks. Yep. None of those That should be their bullshit Giants. That should be their everyday uniform. Agreed. I love it. Agreed. Okay. Should we should talk about Rams Lions real quick.


That was a thrilling game. The Lions are one and Oh, winning overtime. I have to look it up because this is just off the top of my head. I'm gonna guess Cooper Cup had probably like 15 catches. He had 14. He was dominating. That was that one drive where he just kept on feeding him. I think the Rams are gonna be just fine. The Lions are very good and if they don't, you know that one interception golf had, they could have won that in regulation. But I, I, those are two very good teams in my mind. I'm gonna say moral victory for the Rams Except for the Pookah injury. Hopefully he's okay. Yeah. So We don't know how long he's gonna be out for, but if you're a Rams fan you can look at this game and be like, okay, we're still gonna be good.


Yeah. Maybe, maybe based on what we saw in the playoffs last year, maybe slightly better than last year. Yeah. I mean Cooper Cup, that was, it was an insane 14 catches 110 yards. And then if you're the Lions fan, you're David Montgomery's an absolute monster. He took over that entire overtime. And then Jameson Williams maybe his arrival, like I know he is had big, I know he is, had some flashes, but this felt like his arrival with 121 yards. Yeah. And he caught a nice long pass too. Yeah. Yeah. He's so fast when he gets going in the open field. Yeah. I think addition by some subtraction by missing Josh Reynolds. Yeah, I'd agree. I'd agree. Alright, so we should do a little Monday night preview before we do Who's back?


Lemme do Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs Polos. Hoodies, joggers, shorts, Rollback promo code Take memes. Rollback question.


Yes. Are you ready to join the one in O Crew? I'm very excited to watch the New York Jets play football on Monday night. Okay. How are you feeling about the game? Do you think that they're going to win the game? I am very nervous. I just wanna watch Aaron Rogers play a full game in terms of winning. I am not, I'm not guaranteeing anything. You're not guaranteeing anything besides, Besides they're gonna, they're gonna play extremely hard, Extremely hard, Extremely hard. And If Rogers gets hurt, you're gonna do A suicide Bombing. That's facts Five snaps and a season ending injury. Yes.


So if it happens in six, you're not No. I'll probably just Quit. What about four? Corey has to Four. Yeah. Anything. Anything under five. Okay. Anything under five. Remember that awkward question he asked him? Yeah. Oh come on. I mean that was bad. Alright. It memes. You gotta give us a


So DraftKings doing a NFL No sweat touchdown bet for all customers. A in get your no sweat token in place in NFL touchdown Bet. If your touchdown bet doesn't hit, you'll get it back as a bonus bet. So download the drafting sports app use code. Take that's code take to get you a no sweat token tonight. Give us a first touchdown score. PFT You and I have to find a combined touchdown score. So like a McCaffrey and deebo to have two touchdowns. First touchdown. Yeah. Ooh, what was I gonna say? Come on. Anytown. Touchdown. Come on. I'll go. Briere Hall. Briere Hall. He just breaks one goes all the way. Okay. It's could be my pick. We Could do Briere Hall and Christopher McCaffrey plus one 40. I kinda like that. And it's also, the nice thing about that is if Briere Hall scores two touchdowns. Christopher Caffery scores zero. We still Win. We still win that one. Yeah. Yeah. So that might be the pick. I like that one a lot. Yeah. You gotta do running backs then. Yeah. What about, what about Kittle? Kittle? We could get Kittle For the People. Briere Hall and George Kittle plus two 80. I love That. For the people. For The people. I like that kid will make it happen. Kid will Make it happen. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Opt in each week to get one. No sweat for each game day, no sweat. Bonus bet issued based on amounts of losing qualifying bet max. Reward varies. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms of responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/ft ball.


You, because I'm gonna bet the jets too. I'm extremely nervous. I I started getting nervous or at, at around four o'clock today. Calm down a little bit, but now I'm full back to. I'm nervous but I'm very excited to watch him play. How did Mr. Pear do this weekend? I believe. What was the Rams line? It was, he would cover if he picked the Lions. I think he picked the Rams. Oh Jesus. And then he picked the Eagles. Okay. So he is one and two. Is he gonna pick? Are you gonna release a play for Monday night Football? Yep. Okay. And no funny business? No funny business. No funny business. 'cause you know, this, this, this turtle is your turtle. Yeah. Okay. No funny business.


No funny. I, I promise no funny business. No funny business. I promise. Sounds like there's gonna be funny business. I Promise. No funny business. If he picks The 49 ERs, you're gonna air that. Yep. Okay. Sounds like this would be funny business, But Mr. Perry loves you so you can't stand on the side of the jets and have him come to you. That's true. Yeah. No funny business. Okay, I'll, I'll do straight up. Alright. Should we wrap up with who's back of the week? Hank, are you okay? Yeah. You sure? Yeah. Hank, did you like watching the game today? Well, it was on like the small tv, so it was kinda hard to see. We had, we had the Patriots game on, on a quad box, so I could barely watch.


Yeah, that was tough when I had to break to you. 'cause it was, there's seven TVs, eight games. So that's where we had it. Meme just keeps cutting the hank during, during this, in the middle of this. What a dick. He's out to get you. Hollywood memes. That's up. Hollywood memes. That's fucked up. Hollywood memes. Yeah. I thought you'd be a little more excited to be one and Oh, I mean, I guess this is just the difference. I was, I so excited to be one and Oh, I was today was awesome. Yeah. I don't, I think Hank cares about just being a winner. Yeah. You are a winner for this day. I said I'm infinitely more excited for the rest of the season than before. Yeah, that's true. Infinitely.


I'm, wait, what's Infinity Time? Zero. Oh yeah. I think that's still zero. Well, I Was it a one? Yeah. Oh 'cause So you are Infinity. You're Infinity excited. Youre Infinity. Excited. Excited. Nice. Okay. That's, you couldn't possibly be more excited. That's huge. This is what you look like at maximum. It's hot As fucking here. It is hot as fucking here it is almost midnight. I agree with all those statements. And you did, you know Hank almost got a home one yesterday. How close? Six Inches. Oh. Oh damn. Call that, call that good par call that two penises. Was it? Was it on camera? No, that would've been tough. Wait a minute, you pared. No, I'm mean, it's A joke.


It's a golf joke. Sorry If, If you wouldn't understand, You're A netting guy, not a golf guy. Yeah. I don't give a shit about the camera thing. Like I'm not gonna film myself hitting up every time I hit a par Three. But if you had come in here and you beat your chest and you were like, I got a hole in one today and there was no video of it, that would've been tough. Would it have I actually think, weirdly, I would believe it more if there was no video of it. Yeah. Like I don't, like I, that's one of those things people can say whatever they wanna say. Yeah. I mean obviously it happened even with Jake's on camera. People said it. Well that was fake. Right? Like people would say that I wouldn't care. Like I would know. you know, I think getting it, I think almost keeping it to yourself, not keeping it to yourself.


Yeah. I would tell you guys, But that would've been sick if you got it. Yeah. That would've rocked First shot. What. do you mean first shot? I don't know. Maybe it was a breakfast ball. No, that's the worst. Right? That would be a nightmare. Like that would be 'cause that I take so many shots off the tee boxes like that. I think I would, I think someday in my life I might get a hole in one. But it will 100% be a second shot. Like If you hit your first shot into the water. Yeah. And instead of going to the drop zone, you just hit from the T on the second one. Correct. It goes in. That's how it's be. I'd be be pissed Off. Yeah. That's how it's gonna happen. For me Or by yourself. Pop. I mean you guys doing it by yourself will be traumatic. Yeah. I would never cough by myself, so that's not a problem. Yeah. You have a problem. Yeah. If you're drinking alone or golfing alone Problem.


Or if you, if you're now, if you're drinking while golfing alone, that's cool. Okay. Two negatives. Make it positive. Yeah. That's an awesome time. Alright, hit us with our last ad before we do. Who's back of the week? Yeah.


Before great soccer, football with the boys. It is before we get to s back of the week. It's brought to you by our great friends over at Coors Light. The mountains are blue. We got some Coors lights right here on the desk. They look crispy. Some crispy boys. Adorning the part of my take studio right now. And if you were watching football this weekend, I hope you were drinking Coors Light. The mountains turn blue when the beer's cold. And on college football Saturdays, it's never short on intrigue, especially when there's some iconic rivalry games going on out there. But you can add to the excitement. On Saturdays with Coors Light, they teamed up the DraftKings for the free to play college football. Pick them pools where you pick winners for a chance to win big. When rivalries heat up, it's time to choose chill. Then reach for an ice cold. Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill, there's only one beer to choose. That's Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer's cold. Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Coors light's. Cold lager. Cold filtered. Cold packaged. Coors Light is the absolute best. I love drinking Coors Light. When the college football rivalries that you're watching Heat Up. Choose Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with the Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 and over eligibility restrictions Apply void. Where? Prohibited. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors Light Pick 'em. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Okay, who's back of the week? Hank My who's back of the week is Kendrick Lamar. Yeah. Yeah. He was announced to be doing the Super Bowl halftime show. Wha Wha wha I mean that's what is Drake's reaction when he sees this news? He can't be happy. It is weird. I think the next two Super Bowls are in LA or the next Super Bowl after this New Orleans. And then Is it, I know this one's New Orleans, but I think, I believe the next one they're going Back to LA. Yeah, I believe, I Don't think so. Miami maybe. Santa Clara feels like it's been a while since we had Miami too. You, You're Fake California. You're fake news. Well, California. California. Yeah. But that's not La.


But Kendrick's decidedly LA That's NorCal. I don't know if you know there's a difference between NorCal and SoCal. Either way New Orleans, Then it's going to SoFi again. They should have had it be Lil Wayne. Lil Wayne Halftime show in New Orleans would've been, I mean there's a lot of incredible Yeah, a lot of musicians from Louisiana. And to pick a guy from LA to do it, Why didn't they do? And then they're gonna be in California next year coming from California. So, but there's rumors. I mean this is just like internet, internet, internet debate. But there's rumors. 'cause Jay-Z like he's the one that I guess picks the halftime shows now the past few. That's his job. Wait, what? Yeah, he is on the board.


Oh, I remember that. There was something with like him and Goodell. Yeah. Okay. And if he is Illuminati, shit, If he had gotten Lil Wayne, Lil Wayne probably would've brought out Nicki Minaj and Drake. And Jay-Z doesn't like Drake. So he basically did the Opposite. He Took Kendrick. So, but who's gonna do the next one Also? Kendrick Lamar. Yeah. They're just gonna make it to the Drake can never watch a Super Bowl again. What if Drake, would there be any? No. What? What if Drake was like, Hey Kendrick, you beat me. Can I come out for the Super Bowl halftime? You never do that. Okay. I was just, boy can Drink, but he knows Drake knows he loves Can I come out for this song when you call me a pedophile? Yeah. Yeah. Just be like, here, just do it one last time in my face.


He's not gonna, I would be crazy. Kendrick's Never happens. He's not gonna be able to say certified pedophile during the Super Bowl, right? No. He is gonna go certified and then let everyone elses, Everyone there's gonna be 70,000 people saying pedophile. Correct. Yeah. That's gonna be tough for Drake. Yeah. Very tough for Drake. That's a brutal. And like he can't go to the Super Bowl. No. I dunno if he goes usually, but one of his many teams is probably in it. Well, I saw, I saw a picture of him wearing a Niners jacket. I don't know if he's a Niners fan. I He loves every team. Yeah. He had a New song that came out this weekend. That was good. Oh, Drake. Okay. Try strike a chord. And. it is probably a niner.


That's pretty good. That's pretty good. Good. Who's back? Hank? Thanks. I didn't know that part about Jay-Z. Yeah. Is he, is he? I don't know what his job is with the NFL, but I do know that he's like in charge of a lot of like cultural stuff for Roger Goodell. But picking the Super Bowl halftime show seems like the easiest job ever. Well it's been all, it's been rappers all three years. He's done It. So wait, so Roger Goodell essentially like took the like, but I have a black friend. It like made a job out of it. Yeah, yeah. No, no, because Big Cat you're not telling the full story. It was Like after, it was like after Left Shark.


They're like, we need No, what it was Roger Canal will do anything. What happened was Roger though was like, a lot of the players in the NFL are African American. They think that I'm doing a shitty job. I'm gonna hire Jay-Z. So they can't be mad at me anymore. Got it. That's, that's pretty much what he did. Got it. Jerry Jones taking a knee. Yeah. Jay-Z doesn't care about black and white. Jay-Z cares about green. Oh, It's true. That was deep. It's deep. That was deep. Okay. PFT My who's back the week is Texas. We'll talk about on Wednesday for college football. But Texas is back. Yeah. Big time back. Texas is legit. Michigan. My p ass Hook 'em. I think Texas is very, No, no, Texas is very good.


Very, very good. But it, they both things can be True. Yeah. Very, very good. I think their defense is awesome. I think that their running game is sick. Their Quinn U was throwing the ball all over the place. Like nobody, nobody is talking about Arch Manning playing, which is, it's crazy. If you were to think about that a couple years ago Yes. When committed to Texas. But Quinn U is so good that they're making people forget about Arch. Yeah. Which is pretty incredible. I still, like I told you, the Longhorns were my title pick at the start of the season. I love the Longhorns right now as the game against Georgia's. My pants are already tight for that one. I'm rooting for you to have Texas because I do think you've picked Texas like four years ago. Yeah. I, I have, I picked Texas a lot. Well I last year and I was close and I picked the year before, not the year before, but last year I was close.


Yeah, you were very close. I was very close last year. Yeah. I feel like I'm gonna be closer this year. This year. I feel like whoever wins that Georgia, Texas game, that's gonna be the winner. Yeah. They're gonna win the whole Thing. Yeah. I mean, we will talk Wednesday, but NIU that was my, who's back? I mean, that was Marcus Freeman. Yikes. Yeah. I I wanna see what that's like on the Peacock show. Yeah. NIU shout at NIU Thomas Hammock. Awesome. That, that speech after was like why we watched college football, him crying and being like, this is a family and you know, all these guys that get passed over. It was so awesome. Now is there any podcast, any sports podcasts out there that said Notre Dame guaranteed to go undefeated now after they won week one?


Yeah, They should have Let us know if you know of a podcast that that said that. Because I'll kick their ass. They should have. Yeah. Why do teams, because it always comes out when, when these upsets happen games. Why do teams pay other teams? Because they don't lose them usually. So N IU got paid still like 1.2 million because they come kick their ass Free. They So they negotiate. Yeah, they get a free win. So What happens saying they pay these teams money because they want to put people in the stands, they wanna win a game and they want to be on national television playing in a game against a team that they will beat And, and the coaches want to get to seven, eight wins and to get to seven, eight wins, you can throw in two wins that you can just basically check off and be like, all right, now I only gotta win six games.


And then they lose. But why wouldn't the teams wanna play those games anyway? Like, you got a chance to, to beat a ranked opponent or whatever. 'cause He the Shit kicked. Yeah. He'd rather, most of the time you'd rather play a worse opponent and win. Yeah. Like Bowling Green, who actually played really well against Penn State last year, they played against Michigan. They got like a million injuries. And it derailed their entire season. So it's probably not fun playing those games except you have the NIU the, so Marcus Freeman's got a, a little bit of an issue because this is now, so we said last week Marcus Freeman won the big game against Texas a m, which Brian Kelly couldn't do. The One thing Brian Kelly did do was not lose the little games and Marcus Freeman loses the little games.


So he's lost to Marshall as double digit home favorite Stanford as a double digit home favorite. And now NIU our guy Chris Fika had a stat since the start of the 2022 season, there have been 28 losses by a home favorite of at least 16 points in college football. Notre Dame has three of them. That's not good. I I, I honestly, their fans gotta, I they like, it's not, it's the, they have a double whammy of like Notre Dame's such a cool stadium and like a hallowed place that teams get so juiced up to play there. And then some, like a lot of their fans are so old that they just don't get loud enough. That sleepy spot And.


it feels like every year that two 30 kickoff like game, they should win. But shout out to NIU dogs. If, If you're absolute dogs, if you're an NIU professor, give all the students a day off class on Monday. Yeah, it should be a holiday. It Should. The, I don't understand how a Notre Dame, a Michigan, like I understand how Wisconsin can get to not a great quarterback in the transfer portal. Hank, shout out you, I don't understand how Notre Dame Michigan Can, every quarterback should wanna play. Like, I, I don't get it. Riley Leonard seems like a nice guy. He's not a, a very good Quarterback. Yo. This is a, it's a tough spot for the Irish. Yeah. Like a what's gonna happen if, if they Yeah, they did.


They did lose to a ranked opponent. Northern Illinois did get ranked 25. If, If this was their only loss this season, where does that leave Notre Dame? I think they, I think they'll get in, which is our good friend college football expert. Tom Ferelli pointed out that that's why he doesn't like the 12 team playoff, which is, I love the 12 team playoff. 'cause I just like having more teams involved. But it's a fair point on it that Notre Dame could run the table and definitely still be in. 'cause they'll, they'll put Notre Dame in if they're 11 and one. That would rock though if Notre Dame somehow got into the college football playoff one, the whole thing. And then NIU could just declare themselves national champions. Yeah. Yeah. Although they'll probably lose a Mac game on like a Tuesday night.


Yeah. But still crazy wind or something. It would be so awesome if NIU was in, if if a Mac team was in the playoffs. Yeah, they can. I know they can. Yeah, it would be, it'd be great. But yeah, that's if Notre Dame wins out, I mean, look, they're only 18th now, so if you have to think that if they keep winning Yeah. I'm, I'm looking who's ahead of 'em right now. Like those teams, All hard schedules And all these teams play each other. Yeah. So yeah, Notre Dame. I mean now, now you look at their schedule a little differently because it's like, oh shit, maybe they may not be good, but Yeah. We'll, we'll do full college football. Talk about everything on Wednesday. Any who's back from the booth? Anything we missed? No.


Nope. Okay. How was the wedding? It was good. Shout out to Ally and Luke every weekend. I was gonna do shout outs every, every Monday, I guess. Oh Shit. I just thought of something. What? That would be a good punishment. Although that would ruin my life. Have you go to for like Four back-to-back weddings. I mean, that's, That's my life. A wedding every week. But it's like awls weddings. I do have fun. I, That would be pretty funny as a punishment, you had to go to four weddings in a row And a funeral. Every and one funeral. And one funeral. Yes. Yeah. Four weddings and a funeral. He's, he's right. No funeral. He's right. Four weddings and funeral. Yeah. That would be the punishment. That might be our Super Bowl picks four weddings in a funeral.


What is funny about going to a funeral? Nothing's funny about It. Listen, if it's like an older person and like they were a listener, We're supposed to make content out of this. What would be funny about going to Funeral? There's funeral gonna be You're wrong because I, there's no, you're wrong. There's someone who's listening right now who has had a, a death close to them who either was a listener of the show or like, has a great sense of humor. That would definitely be like, yeah. Have them come. I feel like you also De decided the stream thing when like we did the, we did the drive to la I didn't decide the stream. No, max. Oh. Like he's just decided that Everything Has to, We also kind of, Should we make this the, should we make this the picks punishment?


Let's not do any rash decisions right now. What If the funeral was like a celebrity? So like, not somebody that had any personal connect. Jimmy Carter. Alright. We could say four weddings, but that would be four a WO weddings in, in, in a month. Anyone? Meme memes is the one that show memes Is show up. Memes only. Memes Don't. Easier than, it's easier than a nine Dart an our standup. It really is. All right. We can think about it. I mean, it would be funny for the AWS too. They just get whoever loses the picks if you like. You can map it out to whatever month you want, you know, and just be like, yeah, four weddings in this month.


Done. God, that'd be hell for me. Four Weddings, four states. The travel would be tough. Well, it would just be so much work. Be I probably wouldn't be able to, IWI would probably just do my normal schedule. No, you'd have to go to an a w it'd have to be an A listener. Invite you to the wedding. Like, you can't be someone, you know. But then my whole entire life is just right. Like I already go to weddings. You'd also have to tell them like, when you'd make small talk with, with like the friends and family at the wedding party. They're like, why are you here? Oh, I'm being punished. Yeah. Weddings are also so fucked. Like, You have to, well, not when you're almost 40. Not when you're like, yeah, but like this, I have a freak. This weekend wedding was great And this would be a, this, this, this would hurt me the most.


So I mean I, if you guys think that's a funny punishment, And, we could do it. And will we still do second and last? Yes. Second has to go to a funeral. No, no funeral. One funeral. What if memes blows himself up? Pug. Pug just goes, oh my God. When you said funeral, Why? Oh, you walked in mid come. Yes. I, I don't know. P-I-P-F-D and I, I I think it would be, I think there'd be someone who'd be like, it'd be an honor if you came to the funeral, I'd give a speech. But like thi Yeah. The a Yeah. People have people Death is part of life. Facts. That is sad. Whoa. I understand. Death is part sad. But, but, but think, Think of that, like that caption online, like podcast Shows up, Shows up to funeral to make content.


No, And, we we're not show about that Line. We're not show, we're not gonna show up with a, a selfie cam and be like, Hey, what's up here for The funeral? No. Yeah. No, we're not gonna, we're not gonna make a video of it. We're just gonna go like, there have been AWS who have passed away. Right. You think that like someone wouldn't reach out and be like, Hey, my, my friend was a big listener. It would be an honor if you came to the funeral And they're like, yes. This is a punishment. You have to, you you Have to. Yeah. You don't want to punish. Funerals are sad. You set it yourself. It's giving that we can table the funeral. Yeah. Well let's, let's listen. In my funeral, I want everyone to fucking roast me. Death is part of life. I'm not gonna be there. Think about it. I won't be at my funeral.


I want the stone cold music to come on. Yeah. Halfway through. Then everyone would expect you to pop outta the casket. I do want one of us to fake our death. That'd be so Funny. I think, I think it's doable. It would be so funny if we did a funeral and then just Yeah. For the views. Ha ha. He's still alive. It would kind of ruin all of our credibility. People would be really pissed after. But it would be very funny. Undertaker gif for us. I can go off the grid for a few Years. Yeah, we know. No, Not years. I was thinking a week we could say, you're dead for a week tomorrow. I'm out if he's hurt. Yeah, it's true. Yeah. What memes, funeral. I'm out. You can do Whatever you want with it. Hank goes, Hank fakes his own death.


And people are like, why, why does his handicap keep updating on the US Golf Association? Memes on the Pardon, My Take Instagram. You'll be live for the first five. I'll be with him. I'll be With for the game. So I Perfect. I will Can you live stream the first five snaps? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Live. Yeah. I'll do it from Instagram. Yeah. The, the, the people that can't figure out the ESPN DirecTV shit should be like tried in the Supreme Court. What do you mean? And possibly like executed. What are we talking about now? I, I don't know. I have every, I pay for Every, I can't watch e esp n at my house. Oh, What do you mean You have DirecTV? Yeah. And they, they Black out S espn. They're gonna, they're gonna figure it out tomorrow before Monday.


Football. It's always the deadlines. I hope so. Because Right now you're being pitted in a war like DirecTV is. I was trying to watch college Football on Saturday. TV's you No you Weren't. Yes I was. No you weren't. Yes I was. No you weren't. I direct TV is telling, telling you ESP Was the devil. I was trying to watch a Tennessee game and I could not. ESPN's telling you the DirecTV is the devil. You don't know who to believe. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. They should all be tried Tomorrow. Be figured out because you can't Monday night football. Yeah. I I honestly think that they'll, they'll have a deal tomorrow night before the game because they just can't have Monday night football not be there. It's Monday night football. I know you've missed what college football right now. You haven't missed us open.


But you haven't missed an NFL game. No. Right. That's exactly what, that's when the deadline happens. What about the app? Can you use the app? No. 'cause the app you can watch like ESPN plus games, but the app You have to tells your connecting. Yeah. Come over to my house tomorrow. I Alright. Alright. You're welcome. I I would love to watch the game with you. Okay. Okay. Sounds nice. Yeah. Have a great time. Talk or not talk for the whole time. Awesome. What About a what about a pet funeral? Ah, yeah. Yeah. A bird. I don't want to go to a dog's funeral. A bird. I go to a bird's funeral. I, I think I could drag myself. Well, hold on.


Hold to a cat, cat funeral On You think you, you'd rather go to a human funeral Than a dog. You're like, you're like, It's too disrespectful to go to a dog's funeral, but you know, a human, that would be Fucked. Well, it's a human. Well, no, I'm thinking of, Oh, max, what A human requested It before they passed away. And also I'm thinking of, I'm not thinking of a, you're thinking of like a fucking like 20-year-old. I'm thinking of like a 90-year-old rip a selfie live great life. I Also don't think it really matter. I I do think people would be, yes, there's a, there's a decent amount. Obviously not everyone in every situation of course not Different, but, and I wouldn't expect Everyone. Absolutely. People who would be like, I would like, that'd be awesome if they came to my funeral. Yeah. Yes.


There are people listening right now. They're like, yeah, I'm gonna tell my significant other if I pass away, please invite them. And. We'll be there. Well, whoever's one Of us, the worst gambler amongst us, The worst gambler would be, And, and for the last month of the show Leading up to it, We're all gonna be talking about how much we don't want to go to it. They're gonna be, whoever shows your funeral is gonna be motherfucking the cults under their breath. Alright, great show boys. Good to be back. Football at numbers 2012. 8 56. So let's go nine. I'm gonna go nine Three.


Shane Pug. 97 P, 21 P's about to nail this. P'S So good. Ooh, 65. Reverse. Love you guys.