
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon My Take. We have a twofer for the people. We have our good friend Todd McShay on the show to break down the NFL draft. He's given us a little something different than Daniel Jeremiah telling us what teams are thinking, how he thinks the draft may fall, what are the Giants thinking, who's gonna trade up. So great interview with him. And then we also have Packer's head coach Matt LaFleur. We talked to him about draft strategy, draft war room, and maybe 10 straight minutes of us trying to explain the Grizzler to 'em, which there's no other podcast that's gonna do that with one of the 32 head coaches in the NFL.


We're gonna talk NBA Playoffs, NHL playoffs. We are starting on Zoom. Gonna talk the Tuesday night games. Then we're gonna talk to Monday night games back in studio. Together we have Hot Seat Cool Throne, we have listener submitted FAQs and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.


It's the best time to be a basketball fan. All the thrills and playoff drama done sitting on the sideline and ready to win some real cash check out. Pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts. DraftKings Pick six poster rises a competition including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you'll score higher. Minimum payouts on pick six and Flex plays on prize picks. And best of all, you'll win even more cash if you outscore the competition. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six and cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 in, pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. Basketball playoffs are here. Cash in with pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5 to get 50 and pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Connecticut must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. I Love guys who like football and guys who like football, who like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football me, they try to avoid me 'cause I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, Football. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings Basketball Playoffs here. Cash in with pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now.


Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get 50 in, pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, April 23rd and PFT. We had a not so great night of playoff hoops and hockey. Well, we had a overtime game in hockey. We did have a great Monday night, which we'll get to back in studio, but we also have a sick boy in the corner. Max is sick. If you're watching on YouTube. This is the coziest part of my take ever. If you're just looking at Max, you do look like you're all, you're snuggled up, which is adorable. I have a, an immediate take about the the NBA and I think Hank might actually agree with me on this one.


Oh, I like this. Can we just stop with the Eastern conference playoffs? Can we just Not what you mean? Can We just not do 'em? Because what what's happening is every team is just kind of getting fattened up to get eaten by the Celtics and a delicious snack. Like that's what's gonna happen. I'm actually being serious. Oh, this is a reversal. I No, no, I'm, listen, I say that we should respect the thunder and I would like for Hank to show a little humility, but that's just because like, I can't stand when he's cocky and write about something at the same time. And he should respect the calves or at least pretend to respect them. But the east is just it.


Get it outta my face. I i the east, there's no point in watching these games in the east because all these things. What about the Cavs dude? The Cavs calves have a solid team. The magic could be good one day the Cavs could be a contender, but I don't think that they're a contender right now. I think that they're a very good team that is gonna struggle against superior talent and coaching on the Celtics. But the East in general, I'm just, I don't, I don't wanna watch any more Eastern conference playoff games. I don't. Okay, so Well, I mean the, the the what about the Knicks Dude? Yeah, Theon Knicks. Knicks was, was some, was a great game on Monday night, which again, so the, the schedule here is we're, 'cause we we're taping a little out of order. We're gonna get to the Pi pistons, Nicks we're gonna get to the Clippers nuggets ov all that stuff back in studio after we finish the Zoom portion.


I think the Pacers are good. I do. I like, I know I like, obviously, I don't know, they're probably not gonna beat the Celtics. They probably won't beat the calves. I think the Pacers are good like that. I I think they have a ton of shooting. They play a fast pace. Like Emhart tonight was not only that big three, which was so sick when he just, he basically put, he was basically a snake charmer. He put Giannis into a trance and then slowly backed up and hit that three in his face. But he also put Dameon hell. And I know Dame was coming back from being off for a long time. Shout Doc Rivers for playing him 37 minutes. It's, it's so funny.


But I, I like, I, the paces are fun. It's a, you make a good point about what Doc Rivers did tonight. It's ironic for his name to be Doc and for him to be like, Hey, this guy has blood clots. He hasn't been allowed to exercise, not just play basketball. He has not been allowed to exercise. And you know what? He's back for the first night. Yeah. We'll give him a full run. Yeah, we'll, we'll play his way back into shape. Well, so the good news for Doc Rivers is he can't blow a three one lead. So that's out off the table now. No, but Big Cat, you're, you're being the fake news media right now. We should be talking about how good of a job he did building those three one leads. That's True. And this is a major, major fail on his part to not even get there.


I also am wondering when the Bucks are gonna get some help for Bobby Portis. 'cause he was awesome tonight. Yeah. But yeah, thi this was, alright, so I, I do wanna talk about the Pacers, but this was about the worst day you could have as a Bucks fan because Dame comes back, you're like, all right, maybe this will be different. You don't win, you cut it close. 'cause the, the Pacers kind of played with their food, but it didn't, I mean the Pacers were winning the entire game. And then you also get the report from Chris Haynes on Dan Patrick's show, who is a Dame Insider. So I think he's like the preeminent Dame Insider. He said that he would not be shocked if Giannis doesn't finish his career in Milwaukee and that this is a very pivotal playoff for them.


And if they don't make a finals run or win the finals, there could be a big like, wholesale change in Milwaukee, which is, I know that there's been a lot of speculation about Giannis. It's more like the fa like other teams being like, can't wait for Giannis to leave, can't wait for Giannis to leave. This feels like one of the first times that an insider's like, Hey, I'm hearing that maybe Giannis is gonna leave. So it's a bad, it's a bad scene for, for the Bucks today. Yeah. Yeah it is. And it's funny that there is a Dame Insider because that sounds like a, a job title Nick Smokes would give himself in the 1920s. But I would, I would also agree that it doesn't feel like it's been working even when Dame has been out there.


Yeah. It's kinda a bummer. 'cause I don't think this might be one of those things where we never really get to see this version of this team play to their true, like, top level that they can get to because of all the injuries and bad luck. And when Dame got there, they didn't really gel so much right off the bat. So we might not ever know if it was destined to succeed or not because shit happened. Yeah, I mean I think last year's team you could be like the what if with Giannis getting injured. I think this year's team is just not that good. And they have flaws and I mean they, like even the announcer being like so pumped for Kyle Uzman to score, which he did, he scored 12 points tonight, which was more than the zero he scored on Sunday. I just think on the other side of it, like I think the Pacers are fun.


I I don't, I I get where your point is like it does feel like it's going to be Celtics calves and most likely Celtics. The Pacers are very, very fun though. They push the pace. They got three point shooters everywhere. Like, I don't know what the Bucks are doing defensively. Just keeping ne Naysmith open, who I think he was. I think he, I don't know if he missed a three, he might've missed one three. But yeah, I, I like, I like watching the Pacers play basketball, so I don't want to, I don't wanna fast forward that portion, but yeah, I, I could, I could be down with, with, with some of the Eastern conference, just not being like the calves are gonna sweep the, the Celtics are gonna sweep. I think the Pacers could even probably win in five.


Yeah. But I yeah, I I get what you're saying. Yeah, that my point isn't that the, that the Pacers are a shitty team. I I just think that they're nowhere near ready to beat the Celtics on that level. They're, they are fun. And if you're a Pacers fan, you should enjoy the hell out of it. Like this is, this is why you watch sports is to watch a team that's young that's putting it together that, that you're getting excited about. That's fun. So yeah. Enjoy it. I'm just, I'm just kinda sick of the east man. I am. The the other thing though, I, the, the, the other one I'd push back on is I do like watching this series just because these teams actually hate each other. They actually have beef, they have history. Remember the Giannis ball like fiasco when he like, what was he, he like took the ball off the court.


Then we had Pat Bev last year. They talk shit nonstop. Like TJ McConnell was talking shit to Bobby Portis, Halliburton's talking shit to Dame nonstop. Halliburton gets voted most overrated player, which basically is the whole league being like, we hate your guts. And I actually like, I like that Rick Carlisle was like, it's a bullshit award having his back. But I like, I like watching like these two teams. There's genuine bad blood. It's not, it's not manufactured. They really do dislike each other very much. Yeah, Lisa, it does make it, you know, a little bit interesting. And I watched and I, I enjoyed the game. I was, I was hoping that there would be a couple lead changes just to make it a little bit spicy in the fourth. But in terms of the other series, I would probably say it's the most, the Knicks pistons at times is fun.


Yeah. But just the fact that the Pacers are kind of frenetic and I know that we talked about their jerseys, the, the alternate jerseys that they're wearing. It's even doubly worse that it's like a, a throwback look to the era where they actually had good throwback uniforms. Right. But that, But that's not one of them. Right. It it makes no sense. It makes no sense. Hank what's going through your head right now? Do you think that PFT is using a different tactic on you? No, I think, I think he's being honest. I think. Oh, okay. I think he's seen the light. I think the calves, I think he's being a little disrespectful to the calves. You know, they're the one seed. But I, I see where he is coming from.


Yeah. I'm, I'm actually being honest, I'm not playing any games with Hank and it, it works out that I might be fucking with him a little bit, but that's not intentional. I'm, I'm, I'm serious. Yeah. Max Max is sofa max. What? So Max is, max is, Max is like the POV of like a lot of list. There's a lot of awls who are, who are probably like, their phone is just our POV of max asleep. Max, you, you're not in the rest of the episode because you didn't come to work today. Some people are calling it soft. We have never missed a show. What, what's going on right now? Are you falling asleep? No, I'm good. I was, I was, it was, that was an internal roll of the eyes from whatever's going on about this Eastern conference.


Bullshit. W what, what how many times? I, I didn't, I I didn't go in. I had the stomach bug. I was awake all night last night. Coming outta both ends. There's nothing, there's no worse feeling in the world than having a stomach bug to get. A lot of people are calling You Lamar Maxon. Do you have any comment on that? No. Yeah, I, I, I didn't shit my, shit my pants. I may have gotten a little bit of puke in my hair at one point because there was a, there was an emergency situation and my hair was down and I didn't have time to put it up. It's been a bad day. It's been a rough day. I've been in this like, exact position for the entirety of the day. Haven't eaten at all, which is nice.


I I'm probably gonna be skinny as fuck at the end of this. Yeah, you are. That was the first thing I texted you when you told me. I was like, you're gonna get, I'm jealous of you. 'cause there's nothing better than losing like a quick eight to 10 pounds just from liquid and then being like, man, I feel good. And then you just have one big meal and you're fat again. That, that happens every time. Me, LeBron might have just got murdered, guys breaking moves. Yeah, I think he's dead. I don't know if he's ever gonna recover from this. Oh no. Let's see how bad it was. Oh no. Let's see. Is LeBron okay? His he's down. Oh no. What happened? It looks like he hit, I think a pinky might have hit his eye. Oh He did actually get hit in the eye. He'll probably, he'll probably be down for another five minutes. Oh, Julius Randall kind.


That was, I don't know if that was dirty, but it did look, look a little extra. Oh, he's up. He's okay. Verbal meme. The handshakes Max and Joel and Bead not showing up in the playoffs. Mm. That's a good one. Like it Max Force speed. Make, why did you roll your eyes internally? What does an internal high roll even mean? Like it, I closed my eyes and was rolling them inside of my eye. Inside your head. Wait, do what do you disagree with? Agree. Do you even do that? I don't even remember what we were talking about. Okay, max, what happened with the portal today?


Well, feeling whatever. Okay. That was your, that was your portal update. Alright. The the Grizzlies, the the one series that we can all agree is just needs to be over is the Grizzly Thunder. Yeah. That this is, this is men versus boys. The griz, the the Thunder's defense is so fucking good. They had Che Holmgren out there blocking shots with when they're up 20 with like 40 seconds left. Just because he could, it's not even, they could play this, they could play a hundred games and I honestly, I would, if you told me they were gonna play a hundred games and the line was set at the Thunder winning turn injuries off the thunder winning 92 and a half over 92 and over under 92 and a half, I would take the over Way over.


Yeah. That's how, that's how, that's how lopsided It's, I might take it over if it was 99 and a half. Yeah. You would say a hundred times out of a hundred. Yeah. Well now you're leaving yourself open. If for some reason the Grizzlies win one game, you're wrong. No, Not against, not against this Thunder team. Not against, not against this Thunder team. You know what, I think it's 98 and a half and I'm gonna take the over. Yeah. It's just a not it's not a real series. It's, they need to, they need to just move on with it. By the way, did you see, 'cause we are big ratings guys. Did you see the NBA had its highest ratings in 25 years? Ooh. For opening weekend of playoffs. What was the biggest game?


I I didn't see what the biggest game was. Was it, was it Celtics Magic? I don't know. I'm always interested in that part of it. That was, that was good. Good. Sounds like it was Celtics magic. I just, I just saw that it was up. I didn't realize. Okay, so you, are you confirming it was Celtics Magic? I think I saw that earlier, but the ratings in general. That's great. That's great for the league. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. And, and should we, I like, I don't really know. I I feel like the thunder we listen, I like watching this Thunder team. They're al Cruso by the way. Our guy just a menace. He was everywhere tonight. He just was in every single play. Just rebounding. Just every, just a pest. The thunder are like, we should just, we should just tell everyone right now.


We're not gonna talk about the thunder or grizzlies until, or the thunder until the next round. Like, let's just close this series out. Let's just say it's over. Right. Yeah, I would agree with that. Let's Just fast forward to the finals. We all, it's, it's, it's Celtics thunder. Like there's no other, there's no other way. Okay. I just want, I just wanted to get it clear 'cause I didn't want Thunder fans to be like, why aren't you talking about the we're we're, we're already, we're already putting you in the next round. That's how good you guys are. You're in the next round. We will discuss when you get to your next round Big Cat. Did you hear that? The Thunder put you on the jumbotron tonight. What? Saying wear the shirt. Oh. Oh really? Do you have the clip?


Yeah. I don't have a Clip of it. Can somebody, somebody just tweeted it at me and said Big Cat was just on the jumbotron before the game telling fans to put the shirt on and, and our guy, oh man. The shirt guy was, he was sticking out. He was, he was like neon colored tonight, not wearing the shirt. Hartenstein threw the shirt on him and was like, put it on and he didn't put it on. Crazy. I need that clip. I if the Thunder, if anyone from the Thunder is listening, I need the jumbo trunk code. That's awesome. I I am, I'm fully supportive of the Thunder. I I, I've said it before Alex, I mean Alex Ruso and Lou Doer, like probably two of my top 10 favorite players in the NBA. So I do want to hear, I want to hear the Thunder fans' explanation for why I want to hear his, his reasoning behind it.


'cause he might have a good reason. I don't know. We, we still might get 'em on. I don't know. We gotta figure that out. Alright. The Lakers are, are gonna win this game. Right? There's three minutes left. Oh, they showed Arod. Let's talk hockey and then we will We'll, we'll see what happens at the end of this game. Leaves Team of Destiny. It feels like they might be, it Feels sick. Overtime goal. It feels like This might be the year for, for our friends up in Toronto. Yeah. That was a sick overtime goal. The Devils should just be out. The devils are the Grizzlies. Yeah, Same thing. Just go to the next round. Hurricanes. And I'm actually shot. I mean the, the wild right now are kicking the shit out of the, the Knights.


That is where hockey is like better than the NBA in terms of playoffs is like the, the Knights are a better team than the, a significantly better team than the Wild and the Wilder shit pumping 'em right now. Yeah. I mean at o'clock Central Star times insane. Yeah. Or it even got moved back too. Yeah. Yeah. That's what remember that year? Was it? Well I think it was last year that I bet the Oilers and I Oh no, it was two years ago. I bet the Oilers when we were still living in New York and I was like, it almost killed me. Yeah. Because I was like, I can't, I don't know how I can watch these games. It's on way too late. So. Yeah. Big Cat. I know we're gonna talk about the caps in a second. Did you see the teeth?


No. So Alex Alexia, he got, he got hit in the face by a stick. It was inadvertent. They called it a a four minute penalty at the time and they took it off 'cause it was on a follow through. But he got hit in the mouth by a stick. He lost two of his front teeth on the ice and they found the teeth. And of course because the, the ice crew found the teeth. They took a picture of it and they put up online. These are some gnarly ass teeth. Send, they look like shark teeth. I tweeted out a second ago, but apparently he needs like full facial reconstruction, dental surgery. And he is like, you know what, I'll do it after the playoffs. Fuck it. I gotta send this to Max, see if he can puke again.


Oh shit. Play. Yeah. Pretty gnarly, right? You know what, you know what Lucy Teeth don't get enough credit for being as big as they are. Yeah. They're like, Yeah, they're ice. Yeah. Icebergs. Yeah. They're like, they're, they're crazy. When you take a tooth out, This is a front tooth, two front teeth. It's like a fang. Nuts. Yeah, it's a canine tooth. He's Russian. He might be part Wolf Max. What would make you puke right now? What visual? No visuals. Why do you guys want me to Puke? It would be great for numbers. No it wouldn't. He's Gonna drown. He's gonna dr the way this guy's drinking right now, he's gonna drown. He's not even lifting his head. Memes. How, how many numbers would this clip do if Max just puked during the show?


He just started puking on himself. It would rip, it would rip if We had to call the police and be like, someone get to his house right now and put him on his side so he doesn't Jimmy Hendrix himself. I mean if go, oh, okay, he's good. He's not gonna Die if you died during the show. It would be tremendous for the ratings. Incredible That that would be true. Oh man. Alright. Do we have anything else? IIII know this has nothing to do with NBA or NHL. Oh, I have two topics that don't. The Cubs are just one of the most exciting teams. They just play awesome games every night. They had a a, a home run with one out left in the bottom of the night to go to Extras and then win against the Dodgers.


Fun to beat the Dodgers. They're very fun to watch. I don't know if it's sustainable to win every game like 11 to 10, but we're gonna find out. And then we should say the Pope passed away on Monday after we had recorded on Sunday night. And we are we as officially as a podcast, are we all down to officially endorse pizza bottle? I think that should be our pick. Well, I like him. But again, I go back to the fact that having a fat pope would be great for the vibes. It would, I would love to see a fat pope Again. Pierre Batista Pizza. Ballah. Yeah, it's a good name. That is His Name. But, but Big Cat, that's shortsighted because when you become Pope, you take on a new Pope name. Yeah. But we'll always know, we'll always know him as Pope Pizza Ballah.


You'll forget. He'll be like, oh, I'm Pope Innocent the 17th. It's not gonna be Pope Pizza. What if what, what if he goes from Pope Pizza Ball to Pope Calzone? He's like, my new name is calzone. I would respect that. I would respect that a lot. Yeah. I would, I would like to see a fat pope also. If you're, if you're the Pope, it must be a real letdown to die right after Easter. Because if you die on Easter as the Pope, that's some pizazz, that's some flare. That is a one-way ticket to sainthood. Right? Like that is, that is all, it's like when I think Thomas Jefferson, didn't he die on the 4th of July? I think so. Yeah. Pretty cool thing. If you're the Pope and you die on Easter, you're like, that's that's a legacy move right there.


Yeah. Yeah. And he missed it by like a couple hours, right? Yeah. And apparently our vice president, JD Vance was the last person to see the Pope alive Wearing a yellow tie. Interesting. What is that? No idea. But you know how like Twitter works now where people be like, look like what do you see? And it's just a video and I just stared at it for 20 minutes. I'm like, I don't know what I see. I saw one that was like interesting that JD Vance was wearing a yellow tie when he met the Pope. I was like, what is this supposed to mean? Or That the last two sitting Popes to die. It was like the, the before the two World Wars. Yeah. It was 1914 and 1939. That True, that bad? I dunno. I don't, I It can be, it can't be the last two sitting Popes.


Probably not. Like what happened to the other popes? They just, they retired and then they, then they died. Well, I, that one Pope, the Nazi Pope left. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Didn't he just bounce? Yeah, he, they, they got him out to paint. Hold on. I'm looking up the fact that I think this was just a meme that Hank saw. 'cause I saw The same Oh yeah, no, yeah, no, I I saw one thing. It was, yeah, I wasn't gonna say it until you said the yellow tie thing, but, Well, I mean just, I mean you have to, you have to realize he was wearing a yellow tie. Pope Ties 1914 World War I started Pope Ties in 1939. World War II started. But where's the me being informed the, that Sitting Popes also died in 1914 and 1939.


But there have been other posts that have died in between, right? I would, I would think so. Yeah. Based off how you just said that. Like, Like when did It's true that dude John Paul die. John Paul Thei. Okay. I am looking third. I forget Facts real quick. By the way the Lakers have won. Luca was awesome tonight. This is just, this is a, the West does feel like outside of the Grizzlies Thunder series, it's gonna be a war, those other, other three series and it's gonna be great. And it just, it felt like this is like the, the losing game one at home. That's why I'm gonna take the, here's a free pick for everyone. DraftKings.


I'm gonna take the Rockets. I'm gonna take the Rockets tonight because I just, if you lose game one at home and you're equal team, I think you're, I think you're, you're probably gonna win game two at home 'cause you have a little more of a, you know, a little more drive. I feel like there's something mentally where if you, if you win game one on the road, you're not that they're not gonna try the Warriors, but mission accomplished. Yeah. You know, You did it. That's, that's what you say at, at the beginning of every like two games on road. Yeah. We gotta Get a split. Yeah. Steal one. The Steel Home Court. Also, if you're the Rockets game two kind of feels like a game seven. Yeah.


Agreed. Alright, so John Paul ii, he died in 2005. So was he not the Pope then when he died? Recession? I don't know. I don't know. John Paul the first died in 1978. So I don't, I like, I feel like Popes die a, a decent amount. 'cause they don't don't, when they make the popes, they, they always, it's never like a young pope. No, you gotta be old. I feel like you have to be. That's A Netflix show In your fifties. Oh, that's true. Is it actually? Oh yeah, it is actually. Alright, any other thoughts on the, I think the Lakers Wolves is gonna be a, a six or seven game series and I, I expected the Lakers to win tonight and I expected what we saw.


I mean, Luca is, was the best player on, is the best player on the court when he wants to be. And LeBron is still like, LeBron's still really, really good. I mean, he went for 21, 11 and seven. Like he's, if they can, if they can get a little bit from, they got a little bit from Rui, they got Austin Reeves and that's enough. I do have a Monday reading. That's okay. Okay. Yeah. It's a, it's a tweet from Kanye West. Oh No, I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. But the thought did cross my mind when I saw it. Like I already put something in the drafts for a, a banger week one.


How are you getting ready for NFL Sunday with the Falcon's Cousin's peanuts? He might not be on them. He might not be on it for P Fts. Keep 'em Atlanta, keep 'em. Yeah. Come on. Do the right thing. Alright, we're gonna kick it to ourselves where we're gonna talk Monday night schemes, which were a lot more exciting. And then we have Tom mha on the show. We have Matt LaFleur. I said it at the opening of the show, but you will not find another podcast or media entity that will spend 10 of the 30 minutes interviewing an NFL head coach trying to explain to him who the Grizzler is. That's a guarantee. That's, that is where it devolved with Matt LaFleur.


And then we'll finish with Listener FAQs and hopefully Max will be back in studio on Thursday for the NFL draft. Yep. I'll Back Thursday. Okay. We're back in studio. We're gonna talk a little Monday night games. We're gonna start with the Knicks and the Pistons. I wanna start with the Pistons. PFT and congratulate Pistons fans. They had a 15 game losing streak in the playoffs. They had not won a playoff game in 17 years. May, 2008. May, 2008. It is. I know that obviously this series is only won one and you know, there's a lot of basketball left in this series and they're probably not gonna win the title this year.


But you gotta celebrate these moments because Cade Cunningham was phenomenal and he's a real dude. And that was like the moment where it's like, hey, this is all last year. Remember this team last year lost 28 games in a row. They lost 28 games in a row. They started the season last year. Two in one. They went two and 29 to two and 29 to three and 36. They finished last season with 14 wins. They are now, they they won 44 games this year. They're in the playoffs. They just took a young team with a young star in Cade Cunningham into Madison Square Garden and almost won both games.


But decisively won game. Not decisively, but they won game two. This is something that Pistons fans should enjoy and, and Revel in and be like, yes. Like it is now trending towards the right way. All of Detroit sports, by the way, besides the Red Wings, like think about it, the lions have been bad forever. They've, they've obviously the last few years have, have been really good. The Tigers were bad for a really long time. They've been good. And now the Pistons And Michigan football beat Ohio State. Yeah, that's good too. So it, it's, it's, it's cool for Pistons fans. That's a moment that you're like, Hey, the monkey's off our back. I mean that's a crazy losing streak. I think it was the, the longest losing streak in NBA history. Yeah. So that, that 2007, 2008 Pistons team, that was like the end of the Bad Boy era.


The Bad Boy Part two era. I think they only, They won their first game then got Gentleman Sweat. Yeah. So that was, I think that Was the 23 points in the fourth quarter. LeBron. LeBron. That's when LeBron might have been when LeBron killed him. Yeah. Yeah. So that was, I think it was Rashid, Chauncey Rip and Tayshawn. I don't think Ben Wallace was, Ben Wallace came to the Bowls. Yeah. Put a big But that's how long it's been. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. So it's, I I'm happy for Pistons fans that they, they get this moment, especially, you know, we saw it last year when you're, when you're a smaller market going up, up against the Knicks in the playoffs, the story's gonna be about the Knicks. They went in there, won that game. Yeah. Let's see what I think, I think they had won since their last series Win.


Okay. So they won. So that year they had won two series and then they lost in the conference finals to, to the, to to the cabs, to LeBron, and then that was it. Yeah. Oh no, they lost in the, the conference finals to the Celtics. So the, yeah, I think LeBron was earlier than That. That was a great series though, when it was like LeBron and then nobody against the Pistons. Yeah. But I, I, I'm happy for, for Pistons fits Kate Cunningham is awesome. 33 and 12. He was, he was great. Tobias Harris has been great. Dennis Schroeder was, that was like that three that he made. 'cause that felt like the Pistons were gonna lose that game in a similar fashion to the game. One where it's like they played really well for three quarters and they just couldn't hold onto it.


They couldn't hit a shot for like three minutes. And then Schroer hits that shot and he's, I mean he was like a very calming, you know, he's a veteran. He's been on a million teams, but he's, he's, he's seen some of these moments. Bet on himself. Bet on himself. And yeah, it was, it was cool. And Beat Ball. Paul, shout out Beat Ball. Paul, our guy Beat Ball. Paul had a nice putback. He hit six points. So the Pistons are fun. The end of this game was, it was very, very close at the end. Yeah. And that Schroeder three made, made all the difference. And then watching, I, I didn't watch all the game 'cause my eyes were mostly focused on the caps, but watching the highlights of this game, they showed Jalen Brunson highlights from the game. I don't think you can call him highlights. Yeah.


I don't think, I don't, what they showed from that game was like four different plays where he does the insurance fraud. Yeah. Where he's in front of you in traffic slams on the brakes you run into, you're like, what the hell? And then he's like, oh yeah, I gotta file a claim. Sorry, you hit me. Yep. The alright. So yeah, I have, I have a take. I was brewing last night that obviously I understand how this works. Nick's fans, you have to defend your guy and Jalen Bruns is really Good. Yeah. Yeah. So, so Knicks fans, you, you could be like, you're an idiot. You don't know what you're talking about. Fuck you all of it. I understand how it works. I personally, I like Jalen Brunson as a player. I like, I mean I loved watching him with Villanova. He's a phenomenal basketball player.


The foul bating has gotten to a point where it's just hard to watch. And it's not just the foul bating. And this part is less Jalen Brunson and more probably Tibs, who I feel like Hots big time, Hot Seat. This might be the end for him. The, the Knicks in this fourth quarter, they just go to straight iso ball fab dating. No one else touches the ball. Jalen Brunson just trying to score. And it's, it's bad basketball to watch. So from what I've seen Knicks fans, they tend to agree in games that they lose Yeah. In games that they win. They're like, well, it works. It's winning basketball. But when they lose, I think even they're like, come on man, let, let's have some watchable Basketball. Right. And, and and, and by the way, because I know I I saw this, it, it is not just Jalen Brunson.


SGA does it a lot. James Harden was the king of it. He invented, he invented it. Chris Paul. Like there are guys who do the fab dating and if you wanna say Jonas was flopping last night too. Yeah. And if you wanna say, well that's an officiating problem, I would agree with you. Like there was, remember there was that like two week stretch where they were like, Hey, we're gonna stop letting guys jump into each to another guy and not even try to attempt a shot. They called it for like two weeks and then they stopped calling it. If they started calling those again, I think it would probably fix itself. But as it stands right now, I do not enjoy watching Jalen Brunson play basketball. And that's just a personal opinion of mine. It doesn't mean that he's not a good player. He is a phenomenal player. I just don't like watching it because it's not fun. And it's, it's, it's him iso isolation doing the stop and start kind of jumping into people and it's not a great watch.


He'll jump in front of you. They need to implement something that's similar to, to like the charge rule. Yeah. Where like Jalen Bruns, if he gets in front of you, he has to have established position and you have to have time to avoid him. Yeah. Instead of like just hitting two feet, stopping getting the ball and having the guy barely clip you on the back and fall down. Yeah. And it was, it was a game that was so, it's not all on Ja Jalen Brunson. I think the coaching for the Knicks was really bad in the fourth quarter. Carl Anthony Towns and now Carl Anthony Towns is someone that has had disappearing acts in the playoffs. I actually don't know if this one was a hundred percent on him. He took his last shot with five 20 to go in the third quarter.


They just didn't run anything for him. They, I think I saw, I gotta find the stat. I think Jalen Brunson passed it to him 12 times total. Which is pretty shocking when you like Carl anti towns, whatever you wanna say about the guy. He is a like elite offensive player and he's one of the best big man shooters of all time. And yeah, here it is over the first two games of this series, bro. Oh, it's the first two games Brunson has passed the ball to towns a total of 12 times. Hmm. 12 times. I don't understand how you're not running Jalen Brunson and, and Carl Anthony Townsend pick and roll. And I know Carl Anthony Towns has had moments where he's been soft or he hasn't like, pushed the action last night watching that game.


I don't think that was a hundred percent on him because I, I I think they just were like everyone clear outta the way and they're not running anything for him and they're not trying to get him involved and you just can't win that way when he doesn't, he doesn't get a, a shot for the last quarter and a half. That's insane. It is. I I thought 50 cent put it best when he commented on what happened yesterday. Did you see fifties comments? No. He said, fuck today man. The Knicks lost. Oh yeah, I did. The Pope died and Kanye told us he sucked his cousin's dick for eight years. Yeah. I'm gonna better early tomorrow. I gotta be better day. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, what else can you say? What else Can you say? A high level analysis from 50, But I I I do think it's lazy to be like Car D towns just disappeared because they, they also just, they're not running plays to try to get him involved.


The Knicks are the, the biggest like good vibes, bad vibes bust depending on what happens in that game when they win. It's like, these guys are a bunch of dogs. Ts has a guy playing his, he's got the guys playing hungry. This is T'S basketball. Yeah. This is awesome. I love the grittiness. When the Knicks lose, it's like, this team sucks. I hate watching them. Yeah. And it all depends on, on the result of the game. And you also had Mikhail Bridges missing a a three at the end of the game and he's not playing great and they traded a lot for him. It does feel bad vibes, Great vibe in Detroit. Detroit Though. But I also, yeah. Detroit. The, the, the big, the big word that was that gets used a lot in the NBA community's ethical versus unethical hoops. Cade Cunningham is an ethical hooper.


Jalen Brunson is an unethical hooper. Okay. I don't really, I I'm not using that. I just think it's very funny that they've gotten to that level. We're getting into moral relativism moral when we're talking about Yes. How ba how people are playing basketball and that here's newsflash, there's no such thing as moral relativism in sports. Correct. It's like, is it allowed? Did you score? If it's not Yeah. Are you scoring son? Yeah. If it's allowed by the rules, then you can do it. And if it's not, then you can still do it and try to get away with it. And if you don't get away with it, then it's bad. My, my big thing is, so Kate Cunningham is, I'm not gonna say he's an ethical hooper, but he does, he he tries to play through contact. He's going forcefully to the hoop. I always just judge it is is a player trying to score or they trying to get fouled.


Yeah. And when it leans more to trying to get fouled, that's just not basketball I wanna watch. It just sucks to watch. Right. We're not gonna talk about altruism. It's altruism. He's ball altruism. He's a, he's a altruistic player. I do. You know what, like Yeah. Obviously that's a ridiculous take to make it, to start putting labels on. Ethical or not. It's an unethical hoops. That's what people are Saying. But the more i I think about it, the more I kind of agree like he's playing the game the way that it's meant to be played. Right. This is how I know I'm getting old. Yes. Where I'm like, yeah, you know what, that's when Dr. James Naismith nailed up the peach basket. That's, he was thinking about Cade Cunningham. Yeah. He wasn't thinking about Chris Paul. Yeah. Yeah. You're absolutely right. He was, Cade Cunningham was Exactly. He was envisioning that. Yeah. One day there'll be, one day there'll be a young hooper from Oklahoma.


One day the Pistons will be on a, a 17 year drought in the playoffs. Well, At the time. And Cade Cunningham will come and be the savior. You would've been like, wait, what are, what are pistons? Yeah. Those don't exist. That's True. Yeah. That's A good point. Now Nick, wait. No, wait. Knickerbockers, They existed. When Does, when was the car invented? When was the, when was the piston invented? 1880. Are you just making that up is A guess. That's a guess. That was a guess. When Was the PIs, When was the car invented? The piston invented 1902. Maybe the first cars didn't have pistons. 1886. Good job. Hey, I don't know. Yeah. If there, if there were pistons in Them, I don't know What The fast, the fastest horses, that's what he would've envisioned.


Do You, can you Google when pistons Were invented? I just invented, when was the piston invented? And it says that the jet for the Winnipeg is an F 15 eagle. So this is all fucked up. Okay. So James Naismith invented basketball in 1891. So that was after the car. So it could have maybe Yeah. Internal combust. I don't know. Not car guys. Yeah. Not car guys. We're we're jet guys. Alright. The Hank, do you agree with the jail in Brunson thing? Yeah. Max is not here. He is sick. Very James, James Harden. Ask. Yeah. And I didn't like when James Harden did it. No. And I don't like when SG Does. Wait, are you saying Max not being here? Is James Harden esque? Both. That Is true. Yeah. Like it's not just him.


I'm not just picking on him when SGA does it, I don't like it. It's, it's lame. But Jalen Brunson also does things that, that you watch and you enjoy. Of course. He's his mid-range game. Yeah. When he mean he's so Harsh, it's like Max isn't here, but it's like in B too. It's like when you, they they get addicted to f dating. Yeah. And it takes away from their skill. Right. It's like a Yeah. A kid in school that tattles early on. Right. They get their way, they learn that they can have the teacher punish the kids they don't like. And then later, you know, three years later they're just a jerk. It's Like they have the ability to blow by someone, but rather than just finish, they're like, let me wait for someone to come behind you. Jimmy Rather Does it sometimes where it's like you're not, you're not trying to score, you're just trying to get fouled.


And like if the shot that you huck up there somehow goes in, you'd be like great and won. Not me. I'm an ethical Hooper. I am as well. Same. I don't call fouls. No. Literally I would, I would, if I were in the NBA I'd be like, ref, ref. Do not let, do not call Foul for me. Yeah. No blood, no foul Clipper's Nuggets has been an incredible series and Kauai is all the way back. What a fucking game from him. 39 points. He was 15 for 19. There was a moment there. I think he was 11 for 12. This series just rocks. Yeah. I I I said on I think Monday's show, like if you watched the way that Kauai just looked on the court the way he was asserting himself, like I, this guy is just a hundred percent healthy now. I think he just refuses to play unless he's 110%.


Unless he's feeling like the best he's ever felt in his life. So with Kauai, if he's on your team, you're either gonna get like the best player in the NBA, one of them all around, or you're going to get a guy that's just gonna disappear for six months. Yeah. But so when we were talking about it on Monday, I thought game one, he was, he had the look of it, but he didn't assert himself the way that like Kauai can assert himself and take over a game. He did that in game two. Yeah. He's like, this is, I'm, I'm the guy and it's me and there's nothing you can do about it. And he's got that ability where it's not even, they're not, it's not even like stuff they're drawing up necessarily. It's just that he's got a one-on-one matchup and you can't stop his mid-range game. Yeah. And his moves and he's just too strong and too fast, too tall.


Like he just, he's so good. I have a question for you. Big Cat Is, is Russell Westbrook contagious? Oh, who caught it? Jamal Murray. Jamal Murray a little bit. Yoic caught a tinge of the Westbrook iis last night. Yo Yoki has always had a little bit of it. He had, He had a, a good amount of it last night. Especially down the stretch. What he have like seven or eight turnovers? Yeah, he did. I mean he did have a triple Double. He did, yeah. But he, yeah, But there was some outta control for Mal Murray did it. He just picked up, who was it? Norman Powell. Yeah. He just picked him up and it was the most confusing thing ever. I feel Like the whole team has just, they're, they're a little bit more Russell Westbrook. Even the guys who aren't Russell Westbrook Yeah. Than they were last year. It also, I think, I think they caught it a little Bit. It was funny.


It's always funny watching Russ play and like when he hits a big three you're like, that was a big three, but it's gonna cost you the next two because he's gonna do it again. Yeah. Get ready for some shots to go just directly off the backboard. Yeah. And it was nice to see Michael Porter Jr. Who was not good. I think he got benched in game one. Came back and played. Well this just, this series is just two teams that are both really good evenly matched that I hope goes seven Porter might be hurt too. That's, that would be concerning for your nugget. Yeah. I said this A PFT at dinner on Saturday, but I Kawhi is is the Brooks Kepco of basketball. Ooh. I like that. He, when, you know, his peers will be like, he's the best. Like he can be the best. He can beat the best when he is on his a game. He just doesn't care about like, you know, maybe like starts or, you know, playing the regular season.


It's just when the time matters the most. Like he can perform better than anyone. Right. Like you could make the argument. So if you said last 10 years everyone is equal like healthy in their prime, would it be LeBron, Steph, Kawhi? He's got a pretty high hit rate. They said, Would it, was he three? I saw, I think it was like Dragonfly Drones was like, I've seen he's, he's been the best player in playoff series versus LeBron versus Giannis. Right. Versus all these players. He has had series where he's the best player in that series and it's like all the people you're about to make. And I'm saying 10 years. 'cause Obvi Yoic obviously is in the conversation, but that's more recent in the last five years. And obviously KD would be up there, Tatum Brown, But that's more recent.


Yeah, You would, but yeah, you Would admit that he's up there. He's, he's Like, he doesn't get talked about like that because he's not only because he is heard a lot, but he's also Kauai. He doesn't have like a, he's not marketing himself. Right. When it, when his code is like completely compiled and every, all the systems are running and he's out there, there's very few people that are better than him. Yeah. But when one thing is wrong, he just shuts, he goes into a hard reboot. Yeah. He's like, I I need to go back in the shed for a while and and wrench on myself and I'll be back. I'm gonna be back when I'm back and when I'm back I'm gonna be awesome. And I'll say this for James Harden not the biggest fan, but like the combo of James Harden and Kauai is why you sh like, people are high on the Clippers and why they win games like this because at the end of the game in a playoff series, you need guys who are just pure shot makers.


You know what I mean? Like they're, they can make, they can make the big shot and those guys can do that. I mean, James Harden maybe not later on in the series, but it's early enough in the series where he can still be the shot maker. Has There been a time, if you're a Nuggets fan, when you're watching this team and you're like it, it would be, it would be advantageous to us if we had her coach Who, Because there was one of those moments last night. Ooh. What was the moment? Seemed like that a couple just stutters of the rotation where it didn't seem like they were completely confident in what they should be doing. Yeah. But they did not like Michael Malone. That's True. The reports. Yeah. But guess what? Sometimes the team unites around hating the coach. That's A fact. That's literally how Bobby Knight coached. Right? They're That he wanted them all to hate 'em. Yeah. They have a something that's great in common.


Yeah. Like the a a bedrock of who they are as a person is they fucking hate their coach together. Yeah. As one together. Alright. It's like Hank and us. Yeah, that's absolutely true. Yeah. If Hank well no, he's right. I Am. Right. He's, who am I in this situation? You're the coach. Oh Yeah. Yeah. If you didn't, if you didn't sit in that, if you didn't sit on that couch, if you didn't sit on that couch and daydream about golf and like tune in and out, PFT and I would maybe fight each other. Yeah. We'd have to take out our aggression on each other. And you're like a lightning rod where you take, you take the most amount of lightning so we can just keep surviving.


Even The fact that you're pretending to not understand this analogy infuriate. It's It's pissing me off. Yeah. It's pissing me the fuck off. I tune out so I talk less. Eh, That's why, that's why you do it. Yes. People, I used to edit this podcast for a long time. I used to hear myself talking. But you don't anymore, so you don't have to. But I'd Be like, why did I speak at that point? The more paying attention I am, the more I speak. So You don't, And I like when you speak for Evolved. So you, you, you tune out now because you had to do so much work back then. No, I just like would be listening and it's like, oh, this is funny. Great. They're great banter. And then like, I would hear myself come in and just be like, But PTIs right in the fact that didn't Need, didn't need to say that. If We did just say podcast, if it was just the two of us talking And we like didn't have anyone else speak that would, that would get crazy.


Yeah. And we would, we would go crazy. Yeah. Happy to help. Like pug here. Pug. What? In the big chair. There we go. Do we think Max is, I guess people have already listened to it. Do we think Max is gonna join the Zoom tonight? I I hope he does. From the toilet. Yeah. He's got bad diarrhea right Now. Just is Max like, 'cause this is, we've never missed podcasts. No. And I listen the guy's sick, but we don't miss podcasts. Yeah, Listen. Right. You don't miss podcasts. Hank, We've never missed a podcast. Max gets he knock on wood, he, he had last night was what? It was like chili cheese fry night at his favorite bar and then all of a sudden he gets sick.


Meatball night. It was meatball night. Yeah. Wait was it really? Yeah, it Was. And then he wakes up. He is like, oh, we had like a commercial shoot we had to do all Morning. Max was supposed to be part of it. He does meatball night and that next thing you know, he's sick. Meatball Monday is, that's a wild move. Like getting back into your week with a meatball dinner. We should make him start having to do like LeBron style videos. Meatball. It's Meatball Monday. Meatball Hockey. PFT Ovy. Awesome. Great game, huh? Yeah. Well, not really. It was a great two periods and then almost blew it and then half the third period and then overtime was cool. Again. Man, I just love watching Ovy play so much. I some, I think it was Grant Paulson tweeted out the clip of, of the hit that OV laid and I think he had seven or eight hits last night.


He's an animal. He Was, he was fucking insane last night. If you're a kid, if you're a 10-year-old kid and you're creating your own player, you're custom player in a video game and you have, you know, a certain limit of how many points you can give for attributes, I feel like you would create Ovie. Yeah. Every time. Like, like shot power, a hundred shot accuracy. A hundred hit power a hundred. Yeah. And that's what you do. Like he is exactly what I would create as a, as like a 12-year-old. But yeah, the, the guys looked great in the first two periods, just physically dominant controlling play down in there end. And then it all fell apart in the second half of, of the third period. And then my butt hole tighten up real, real tight. And I was like, fuck, we're gonna lose 'cause two nothing.


Most dangers leading in hockey. That's facts. And they scored one. I was like, they're gonna get another. And the goal tending, I don't know if you saw the second goal last night. This is what I'm worried about. The Second goal from the Canadians. Yes. Yeah. This is what I'm worried about with this team. Linn was standing a full crease outside of his own crease at one point, just leaving the goal wide open. That, that concerns me a little bit. But overall, still feeling good about the caps. I do like Ryan Leonard too. Yeah. I like the rookie that they've got. He hasn't really scored much, but he's just out there looking, looking to hit people. And he is got those young legs that you can see like he's fresh. Yeah. So yeah. Fun, fun Game. It was also very funny that they put up the graphic that Ovi had never scored a playoff OT goal.


Yeah. And then three seconds later Yep. He wins the game. What an animal. Yeah. We sta is acro walking across the screen right now. We talked tota a little bit about how if you're like a fan of a team, you learn to defend and you become like a, a deputized legal expert Yeah. In anything that your players do wrong so you can defend them. I realized last night that I was, I've become that way about Ovie. You have to, to the extent where now I'm like, Ukraine might have had some bio weapons last. There's some bad dudes. There's some bad guy. Listen, they're saying they might wanna join NATO one day. Yeah. Some bad man pajamas. And then, I mean, it was a great night. It was a great night in playoffs on Monday night. The the Jets now have a, a commanding two oh lead and then the, the Avalanche Stars game was awesome.


The overtime was like, they were just going full fucking tilt back and forth. There's nothing better than playoff overtime when you don't get a commercial and it's like no puck stoppage and you just have like seven minutes straight of the boys just flying down the ice back and forth. I was gonna say, there's nothing better than overtime playoff hockey when you're not rooting for one of the two teams. That too in the overtime playoff hockey. Yes. Because that sucks. Oh, The, you have, you have Max's Twitter. Can you Tweet that? Are we logged in? Can you tweet that? Should I tweet that? Yeah, tweet that. Pugs just gonna tweet meatballs out.


And then, and then did you guys see the the kings, the king's Oilers game was very mean to the Oilers because the Oilers were down all game and they fought all the way back and they tied at five five and then they gave up a goal with like 30 seconds left to lose the game. But the real, the star of the night was the harmonica band. Yes. That did the national anthem, which was, if you're la that was actually a really smart move because like what other way to get your opponent off their game than just throw the most LA thing at them? Well, I, I don't know. You're in LA you might think like Fergie's coming out there or Some and then it's Harmonica and then it's harmonica. Then you've got is the Korean harmonica orchestra. Yes. I think all these later they appear to be on the silver side of life.


Yeah. But still very vibrant and youthful. I thought it was beautiful. Yeah, it was. I I love watching our friend Ryan Whitney's tweets during Oilers games. 'cause he's just living and dying and it was like, it was actually really cruel what happened because they were, they were down five three and it was, the game was over and they scored two goals in like 30 seconds to tie at five five. And then the kings just came back and won it with less than a minute left. This, This, this one was quite literally like to an, I felt this was directly to me say or felt like this was like a directly personal experience. I feel like I just dipped for the first time On the gravitron.


On the gravitron at the carnival. Yeah. There's a town carnival in the, in in situ harbor every year. Did that And the Gravitron, it's like in the summer and everyone that's like, that was I think the first time I dipped was that's, That's Where most people in the summer at the carnival. Yeah. You go inside and there's no parents around. Does everybody have a gravitron? Because I had a graviton too. Gravitron? Yeah. Is it the same gravitron that just goes around the country or are there I think so. Multiple gravitron. And the first time you dip is just Puke it. Yeah. What was it? Ah, I had braces too. I'm trying to remember. I why I stopped. I never, I dipped twice and puked The grizzly very Bad. Both times. G Grizzly. Mine Was grizzly winter. Gre Kodiak grape. Mine was Copenhagen. Ooh Copenhagen.


Ooh, fancy boy. That's Copenhagen. That's hard body. It's hard body. It was at a, a varsity football game. I was in eighth grade and everyone puked and then we're like, I can't wait to do this again. Yeah, that rocked. My head is buzzing. We Should get a gravitron for the office. I'm down. Yeah, let's do it. How much, how much do you think a gravitron costs? I'm gonna guess Pug is really 15. Way better. Oh, I think it's more, I think it's like 129,000 Pug is way better at this than Max Googling. So I mean, I think some of the things you said to me might apply to some other people too. What do you mean? Oh, max being the lightning rod That Well, no, he's a and he's like the smaller lightning rod that you pass your lightning off to him.


Wait, max is a smaller one. Yeah. It's crazy that it happened that way. Good for max $48,000. Grab Rod. I mean, let's get one bought. We need the, we need the soft serve machine first. We're just turn this into a state fer. I need the soft serve machine. Where, where would we put it? Where do you wanna put, put It on the roof. On the roof. Rooftop Gravitron. Where do you wanna put it? Okay. 45 passengers. Gravitron. I mean we, we could probably rent one and put it in, we could do like a Carney day. What do you do? What are you, what are you shaking your fucking head. Don't shake your fucking head Square footage for a Fucking saying Gravitron. I'm saying what if we did a day where we did it in the parking lot? Oh, we certainly do have enough square footage.


Hank, look at that. It's what, 55 feet wide? We have a basketball court. Yeah. But we do like to play basketball on it. Once you get the gravitron it makes basketball a little bit harder. Yeah, But I mean we, we use the basketball court for other things. Hank takes it over for putt putt golf Two weeks a year. Yeah, I do. Yeah, He Does. So we could do this for like three days. Yeah. Do it for your little science Fair too. A gravitron cup. Yeah, we could, we Can Who can stay on it long enough without puking. Yeah. Marathon. And it and the person who stays on it long enough gets the gravitron. I like that. They just gotta figure out how to get it outta Here. Yeah, it's it's now officially yours right Now. Yeah. Yeah. Stay long enough. Okay, let's do some Hot Seat Cool throne.


And then we'll get to our interviews.


Hot Seat. Cool. Thrown is brought to you by our friends at Body Armor. This segment is brought to you by Body Armor, sports drink, body armor's, real hydration with electrolytes, coconut water, and no artificial dyes, flavors or sweeteners with your favorite flavors like strawberry banana and orange mango. But in a brand new look, you're gonna love it's time to rewrite your routine and get rid of the sports. Drink your grandparents drank. Get your body armor today at Walmart or local grocery store near you. Body armor. Choose better with body armor. Get your body armor today at Walmart or local grocery store near you. We love body armor. Thank you to Body armor. The strawberry banana, the absolute best.


Okay. Hot Seat. Cool drone. Hank Hot Seat. What is it? Give it to us. Hank, what's your Hot Seat? My Hot Seat. I didn't know whether I, I was thinking about switching up my Hot Seat and cool throne depending on how the wording goes, but I'll go with the Hot Seat. What Would you tell us what you were thinking? Give us both and we'll tell you which one should go to which. Okay. My Hot Seat, my first one was PFT Cool Thrones. That should be cool. Okay. And then my cool throne was gonna be controversies surrounding ESPN personalities. Okay. So see Yeah, the Hot Seat. You're right. Go ahead. So Hot Seat is the Yeah. Cool throne. No, no hot.


You have the right Hot Seat. He put Me on the Hot Seat. Okay. I, I don't know why but hot, Hot Seat. PFT and max be My cross Hot Seat. PFT and max. We were having, having the guy off talking about, you know, who's got the best guys Celtics, anyone else in the rest of the league. And this came across my desk courtesy of my stats and research department. Oh no. And the athletic did a poll where they pulled the NBA players and they asked who they think is gonna win the championship. 57.7% Said the Boston Celtics. Hank. Well we're sitting here from Hank is a, what Does that have to do with the guy off A terrible attempt to reframe Conversation. It's guys think that the Celtics have the best Guys. No. And Hank, what you're doing right now is this narrative you're trying to put out there is, is completely false.


So let me just cut that down at the bar. You guys being like the guy off. Why I'm confident with my team. The Guy off Hank was the Players in the league who are playing the games. 57.7%. Okay. May I, may I retort? Sure. Permission to rebut. I would also like a rebuttals. I re Okay, well tell you what, I'll just talk to Big Cat because you're not gonna listen anyways. Okay. The guy off was because Hank said guy for guy, everyone on the Celtics is better than everyone on the thunder. Yeah. That's crazy. And so then we went down the list and found It's, this is where it's like you have dementias. Like I Didn't Exactly those words did not leave my mouth. You're just saying. I said let's go guy for Guy.


I'm calling Max. I'm calling Max guy For guy. He's probably eating meat. I said let's go guy for guy. Can I, I did not say while Calls, max, can I have a sidebar with you? Yes. Hank you what you need. You like don't, don't give. It was, it was frustrating me on Sunday. Don't Don't tell him What You gonna, you're gonna tell him what he should have said. No, I'm gonna tell him. Well, maybe something different but Sunday. Well that you're Picking all Celtic Bench. No, no, no. Sunday when we're doing the show, I was getting very frustrated because in this room I got no playoff teams. Max got no playoff teams. PFT basically trolled you about your confidence. And then he went on to say that the capitals are playing great and all this. Why didn't you just say to him, who are you scared of PFT and hold his feet to the fire with the capitals Because I'm not a troll.


I want Pft. It was dope. You checked out, You checked out for you guys team. Sorry, I root for your F team. I was, I was waiting for it the Whole time. Yeah. He literally was like putting it up on a tee for you. And I was sitting there like, Hank now's when you hop in and just listen, hold him to these comments as well. You go down the, but I'm not gonna Fake like I know NHL like he does with NBA. Like I'm not gonna be like, Oh, like Let's go guy for guy. Like fucking, let me read the roster and then just say like, I don't know who, who you should be scared of. But I'm not gonna pretend like I Do. I'm not an NBA expert, but I do watch the association and I do know some guys on The Thunder that could be better than guys on the Celtics. Can I say that? I'm so, I am so scared to tweet about hockey because of like people just jumping down like there was a Save in the Stars abs game and it was an awesome save and I was about to tweet.


That was an awesome save. But I was just waiting for people to be like, dude, actually that was a routine save. Yeah, because like, I don't fucking know. This happens all the time. It looks cool to me. This Happens every night in hockey. Like basketball. I feel fine on, did you see Nick Platoon's? No. Dip three Silky Smooth. Also, now that you bring it up, I I've been thinking for the last hour since we taped the the NHL recap that my mentions tomorrow are just gonna be like, dude, you don't even know the difference between Charlie lre and Logan Thompson. And that's gonna be tough for you. How could you, that's gonna Be how dare you. That's that's gonna, that's gonna be a tough morning for Me. How dare you? I was, I was looking at a graphic from like TNT or one of the networks that posted the, the playoff schedules and I looked at it for like 10 minutes seeing where I was missing the Bruins.


A hey Max. And that's how I found out there weren't in the playoffs Max. I'm like, I'm like writing off, off on the bandwagon. Hold On Max. Hold on one second, max. Hang on one second. Pft, you have to, I mean that was And Max you have to tape Pardon My Take. I'm gonna put you on mute real quick. He just said that he was looking at the schedule for the playoffs when they were released and that's how he found out the Bruins weren't in the playoffs. Hey, what a sweet a second. Where the fuck Are we? Okay, max? Yeah, we're on. Pardon My Take number one sports podcast. P'S doing a great job behind the glass looking stuff up real fast. First question, how is, how is your butt? But, but is still bad. I stopped puking though. Okay. That's good. Alright, but Max second question why you're, you have the, you have the neurovirus in your tweeting about meatballs in the middle of the day.


That was somebody else who did that from my Twitter. Okay. Okay. They're liking all those pictures too from your account. I'm sure the real reason why we wanted to talk to you was 'cause Hank and I were having a little discussion and he put both you and I on his Hot Seat. You were not there to defend yourself. So he was talking about the, the guy off that we had when we were talking about the Thunder and the Celtics the other day. I told Hank that the entire premise of the guy off was because he said if you go down the list, there's not a single guy that you would take on the thunder over a single guy on the Celtics. Can you confirm that that's true Or did I, did I say that or did I say, do you want to go guy for guy? I think the only one that he said was Shay and Tatum are a wash, but everything else was was, But I didn't didn't say, I didn't say the words.


You could At the start of the conversation. It was Hank saying every guy on the Celtics, it was Just let's is better Than every guy on the thunder go Guy. It was let's go guy for guy You, I think you, you may both be correct here. I think you Said, well that's not possible. Let's go guy for guy. But it was under the assumption of So you're Yeah, you're no, if he says let's go guy for guy, that's not under the assumption that every single guy is better than every single guy. Well, well if Hank says every guy on the Celtics is better Guy and was trying to say that, But I never said the word after The as assumption though, that he has that, that he would win the guy off. Not that every guy is better than every other guy. Never. No, He, he said every guy on the Celtics is better.


So I said, well then let's have a guy off to prove. Never. Like this Is insane. Prove this is actually insane. Thanks. Let's max let go guy for guy. Get back your toilet. Alright, bye. So where did we get here? Do we, do we Havett just lying. We didn't solve anything. I'm not lying. But but again, when, if he's trolling, you just troll him back with The capital. I guess I'll have to figure out how to do that. Get your research stats of research. Maybe learn French. Get them going. Yeah, they'll, they'll be going, they're all going. You're saying get, What are the Lockwood riders? What are they? I don't know, it's just Gaz. Oh, okay. Get Gaz to, to get some research going If he does. I he's, he's my number one guy. Okay. Alright. Your cool throne.


My cool throne is controversies with ESPN personalities. Yeah. Big time. ESPN personalities two one's a little more serious than the other one, but it's worth noting. The first one is Shannon Sharp is being accused of rape and he's saying he released sex messages and he said he's releasing a full sex tape, which is gonna clear his name. Well, He said that the sex tape that's about to be revealed is through his accuser's attorney, which is Jay Busby. And he's saying that they're gonna drop a 32nd clip of the sex tape. So Shannon Sharp said, why don't you just release the entire sex tape Hmm.


And show the people the entire sex. Yeah. And he released some messages, which again, it's pretty, pretty wild times that this is like, his defense is like, no, look at which I, I I understand to an extent, but it's, it's, he's, he's on the Hot Seat. This was right after the, the reports of him like signing a hundred million dollars podcast deal. I Do think it's fair to say that context could matter in a sex tape for sure. Yeah. I have like How big? Nevermind I'm not, this is One that I've opted out on. So I'm, I'm I'll, I'll I'm gonna wait to make a decision, Wait for The facts to come that no one cares about. No one cares what my decision is, but I'm gonna wait.


Okay. To make a decision. Fair. I think that's fair. And the other one, this was more just funny, I think, and it kind of, we, we talked about it on the show a few weeks ago or a month ago with the Pat McAfee Stephen a thing. And I said like, I think there's beef and Yeah, I got a lot of McAfee fans being like, no. Like they, they overwhelmingly reached out the next day and were like, they're, you know, how are you saying this? That's a lie. Yada, yada yada. Paul Hayman Yeah. Was on the McAfee show. Yeah. And I don't know if he has beef with McAfee or like, he, I think he does was Drunk or he just went, well he Is an entertainer, first and foremost Scorched earth. And basically was like, yeah, pat, this was all the stuff Pat was saying off air and just laying it all out there. Like he doesn't like Stephen a, he thinks Stephen a is overpaid and he should be making more.


He doesn't, he doesn't like, you know, ESPN tells him not to mention the podcast. What does he do? He mentions the podcast like, and MCee was as visibly as uncomfortable as I've ever seen it. So I Thought, I thought that was all fair. As an entertainer, you bring him on, you probably expect him, he's going to say some wild card shit. Right. The one thing I had a problem with with Haman was he, he defied the sanctity of the blunt rotation. Yeah. Yeah. So this was, but It was, he also accused him of puff puff, puff puff, puff puff, puff puff, puff puff take edible puff puff puff. Which is a hilarious accusation. Yeah. Yeah. But that's still words that are said in the cipher. Stay in the cipher. Yeah. Listen, we like Pat, former coworker, friend of ours, you, Paul Haman is one of those guys that if you invite him on your show, he's going to, he's going to make a, a mess of it.


Like that's, that's what he does. He's, this is his job. Yeah. He is a wrestling manager and he's like incredible on the mic. So it was an incredible clip. Unbelievable. Yeah. When, when Joe Buck has already laying on Right. You gotta expect him that he is, he's gonna say that he is gonna jizz on your chest. Right. Paul Hammond is gonna go crazy. Yeah. It was just a very, I mean, I felt bad for Pat in a way. It was like that no one wants to be in that situation. Especially to pf t's point. It's like you think, you know a guy, you have conversations off air at a bar in a, in a blunt rotation, whatever. When they just start saying that on air, like that's the worst spot to be in. Yeah. Yeah. Like if we're having a conversation about ball and then it gets brought up on the air and then Yeah. And we hate each other. Yeah. So actually now I'm actually kinda a, Paul was probably just putting words in his mouth that he never said Yeah.


He was beat he was beat in trouble. Yeah. They also, the when he, when he turned to the, to the fan in the crowd and he's like, you suck. But it was your mom that taught me. It was like, you Can't do anything about that. He's probably dropped that line 50,000 times In his life. Of course. And for the record, Hank, I'm not upset at you. I still love you. Okay. But I think that you're misremembering the conversation. I know you're misremembering the conversation. If one of you were to have dementia, who would It be? Me. Easy. That's easy. Alright. PFT My Hot Seat is Anthony Edwards. Mm. He got fined $50,000. Yeah. For some comments that he made courtside at the Lakers game. Yes. Told a fan that he, he had a bigger dick than him.


Probably true at, which could be true. That's probably why the fine is only $50,000. And now that I think about it, $50,000 to have this pretty cool clip go out is easily worth the price. Yeah, Absolutely. Like for pr value for Anthony Edwards, he was like, I have $200 million and my dick is bigger than yours. Yeah. There's nothing that you can say to that. Yeah. I mean, he's, I I don't know, they don't show the fan. It'd be funny if the fan sued for slander or libel. Yeah. He's like, actually look, look at my hog. Yeah. Let's, let's Hog reveal Plot twist that fan Jimmy Tetro. Yeah. Massive dog hog reveal. My cool throne is Jerry Jones. Mm. Because Jerry Jones people say that he's got, you know, a cold, almost dead heart.


He actually said that he cried a couple months ago. Oh, When Luca got Traded? Yes. Oh, they asked him about the Luca trait. He said, yeah, I cried when they traded Luca. Which is, it's remarkable 'cause they removed his tear ducts at least three surgeries ago. Yes. But yeah, I, I hope that this is just a never ending series of asking anyone who has lived in Dallas with any small semblance of fame what their reaction was from the Luca trade. And I hope it keeps going on for the next like three years. Just so that Nico feels like a bigger piece of Shit. It's the new JFK assassination from from Dallas. Where you, where were you? Yeah, someone's gonna, What were you feeling? Someone's gonna ask Scotty Scheffler. Yeah. Has to. Yeah. The, so that goes perfectly same Kershaw with, with my Hot Seat is Nico Harrison because he did a press conference finally.


And one, I don't know if you guys saw, but he, as he left the press conference, the door was locked that he was trying to go out of, which was very funny. Love that. Just a total cell phone. And then, yeah, look at this, watch this. He just like, you know, he's like, well that was the can't get worse than than that. That sucked. Well at least I'm not in, at least I'm not in this room anymore. And he like walks right up to the thing. He's like, oh shit, it's locked. And then he also said, he said, he's never spoken ill of Luca at all. That's just a lie. Yeah. That's not true. That has to be a lie. And then he also said that he didn't understand how much the fans liked Luca.


I don't know how that's possible. It's crazy. He's, Charles Barkley did go on. He Said he knew that they, they liked him, but he didn't know how much they loved Him. Yeah. How much? Yeah. And, and now the, there's reports that the owner is pissed being like, how did you not know how much they liked Luca? Like I was supposed to tell you that it's a whole, it's the best, it's obviously the worst for Madison fans. It's the best though that Nico Harrison is just not getting off the hook. Like it's every fucking day. This trade happened two and a half months ago and every day there's a new story on how stupid he is. And like I said, I said it on Sunday, I will make sure for the entirety of the playoffs, at least once a week on this show, I will just say, fuck Nico Harrison.


He's a moron and I'll keep doing that. But yeah, he's, I guess he's done with press conferences now. I hope not. Our goal is to never run away from the media. That's, he literally did an entire press conference where he didn't let anyone record anything. I mean all of his, all of his quotes are just so bad and so stupid. Yeah. What did two and a half quarters, one Charles Barkley's like, you're my friend, I love you. Just shut the fuck up and take the L. Yeah. Like it's over. It's good advice. Yeah. He said, I consider you a friend of mine. Don't do any more press conferences. I don't even know what you're doing. I really don't. The war's over brother. You taking the L Smart advice? Did you see inside the NBA last night when Shaq shit himself?


No. Oh, you Didn't see that? No. So it was after the, it was after the Clippers game and they're doing their wrap up and Shaq just To me, I was watching Puck In the middle of the conversation. He just gets up and trots off the stage. Yeah. Watch this. Watch the run he does away from the stage. Go ahead, keep Talking Chuck. Oh yeah, I know what we doing. That's Neurovirus. That's the olive oil you've been drinking. I Know, man. He takes some matches with you. Yeah. So he just leaves for like six minutes, comes back and then he comes back and he goes, it was, it was number one Ernie. It was not. That was not number one. That was number two. Shaq. We know it. And he's apparently been doing this olive oil thing, the olive oil cleanse. Which that's a good punishment to Get terrible to somebody. That sounds terrible. Yeah.


Alright. And then my cool throne is Kirk Cousins because there was a headline that caught my eye on ESPN today. And let me read the exact headline because I want you guys to also have it sources, cousin's surprises at Falcon's workout Surpri and, and that he showed up. Yes. Okay. Because I, I clicked on it and I was like, oh shit, Kirk Cousin's looking good. And it was like the whole story was just no one expected him to show up. His presence was a nice surprise. I mean, Kirk Cousins if, if nothing, the man is professional. Yeah. He surprises at opening of Falcon's voluntary workouts. He will Attend voluntary team org activities.


He's probably good at texting back. Yeah. Probably responds to most emails. Yeah. He's a pros pro. He's a pros pro. Okay, let's get to our interviews. We got to McShay, which great intel a little different than Daniel Jeremiah where we talked a little more like nitty gritty of the guys with Daniel Jeremiah to McShay gave us a lot of insight on what he expects to happen on Thursday night, trade up, what teams are thinking, what the Giants are thinking. And then we have Packer's head coach Matt LaFleur. And then we'll finish with FAQs. Okay.


Before we get to Todd McShay talking some draft, we are brought to you by our friends. It truly, truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite Lemonade. Lemonade let loose 8% A BV 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors. Bump and blue Raz OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink. It's the official hard seltzer. A Pardon My Take. So level up your lemonade with truly unruly finding a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. Truly unruly lemonade. It is so good. 8% A BV 100% delicious. I'm telling you right now, the wild pink, my personal favorite. But they got the pineapple punched up. Pineapple OG Original Lemonade, blue Raz bump in blue Ra. Go check 'em out right now. Truly hard seltzer.com. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Hey dude. Hey dude, have you tried? Hey dude shoes. Yet they're unlike anything. Hey dudes are the foundation of comfort, the ultimate shoe, lightweight, breathable, and ridiculously comfortable. We're talking cushioned insoles that feel like little pillows under your feet, giving you the support you deserve and the comfort you crave with so many styles. Hey dude has the perfect shoes to slip into every day. Find your perfect pair@heydude.com. I can't say enough. Hey dude, awesome, awesome shoes for the summer for walking your dog for the pool. They are so comfortable. You slip 'em on, you're ready to go. I keep a pair right at my front door. Take sell out every morning. Slip on my, Hey dudes, they're the best. Go right now. Find your perfect pair@heydude.com. They got a ton of different styles. They also have like some fashionable boot looking shoes that look awesome and they feel great 'cause they're Hey dude, Hey dude.com. Go check 'em out today.


Okay, here he is. Todd McShay. Okay, we now welcome on. Our very, very, very good friend is very special guest. It is Todd McShay. It's draft week, he's at The Ringer Now you can go listen to his show to Todd McShay show at the Ringer. He is also got a newsletter. That's great. So go check it out Todd. Great to see you look great. You're in the Hollywood Studios in LA Bro. Out here in La Yeah. So, alright, so it's draft week before we talk about the actual draft. Will you be going, will, will you have Verlo in your beautiful studio this week? Or is he making you go to his house?


No, no. So here, here's how it went. He's not allowed in the studio. We don't need the disruption. Right. And the, the confusion, I, I texted him actually a while back and I was like, I'm trying to call you pick up your, pick up your phone. And I gave him the, you know, like the town where, where it's like, we're we're gonna go do something. I can't tell you what we're doing. We're gonna hurt some people. And I, and I said on the text, I was like, I just need you to say whose car are we taking? Yeah. And so we called back and I, I explained my, my, my concept, which was I just want to take over your house and make day three Saturday inside the Silla ho. Have you? Yes, I, we have, I dunno if you've been to We have, we've been to his new house. He's got a great squad. We've been to all his houses.


Yeah. He is like, he's on his like ninth Manhattan beach house and it's like this great like man cave overlooking the Pacific Ocean TV's everywhere. So we're gonna go And we're gonna eat his food, drink his drinks and and invade his house on, on Saturday for two hours, 3:00 PM Eastern to 5:00 PM Eastern. We're gonna be there recapping the whole draft as the draft's going up. Wait, so he only gave you two hours. You're not even gonna get to watch the whole draft with him. His only, his only caveat was, you know, you know NBA playoffs. Exactly, yeah. He's got his snow pad Out he stick. So I'm gonna try to get him to run a 40. Oh That would be great. Bill Simmons and I are are setting the over under Bill had it at six flat. I said like five two.


So I'm gonna try to get him to run a 40. He reminded me that he has a squat rack in the house. He does. So maybe we can do the 2 25 bench press rack. The Squat rack that almost killed him. He building it. He he got caught behind it. No, he's under six. That's crazy. That's disrespect. I think he will. But to say he's six, he's Built For power. He's like a linebacker. I could see him. It's definitely gonna be a hamstring issue, right. Yeah. And pulling up after 33 yards. Yeah. Once he realizes in his head where, where the clock is at. Yeah. And he's like, oh yeah, I might as well just pretend I've got an injury Right now. He's, he's got Daniel Jeremiah said we should run it in the sand for a built-in excuse. But We'll see. He's, he's got five, I'm gonna say five three. He's got five three speed. Alright, so, so this draft we actually had DJ on on Monday talking about the draft.


He was like, Hey, it's not the best draft. There's a lot of, there's six five or six blue chippers and a lot of starters, how many of, how many blue chippers do you have? And is it a fair assessment to say this draft maybe is lacking a little bit of the sizzle we've had in the last couple of years. Here's how I look at it. There, there are, and I kind of do tears off of grades, but let's break away from that for a second. There's two guys that are at the top and that's Travis Hunter and Abdul Carter. Like they're in their own tier if you will. Then after that there's, there's a handful of guys, but what's interesting is a lot of them are not in like premium positions. Ashton Gente running back two tight ends in Tyler Warren and Colston Loveland and then you look at the rest of the list.


Yes there is, I think there's two edges that belong. Actually three I would probably throw in there with, with Jalen Walker, his teammate Mikel Williams and Shamar Stewart. But then also in that mix I would, I would throw in Jihad ca Jihad Campbell from Alabama and Mason Graham interior off defensive lineman. So that's kind of the range in Cam Ward would be up there as well in that, that second tier if you will. What's interesting man is like we're now like hours away from the draft, right? And, and there's talk because of certain teams having specific needs and this happens every year but not, not normally this high.


Like we get to four and New England's probably gonna take Will Campbell, will Campbell's the fourth or fifth best offensive lineman in the last year's draft. Right? The information I'm getting as we get closer, it could be Ashton Gente four for Jacksonville. It's not gonna be Mason Graham, the defensive tackle for Michigan. But the player that I keep hearing over and over again from people in the league and around the league is Ted Rowa McMillan the wide receiver. So if that's the, and and, and the theory behind it is Trevor Lawrence go back to 20 18, 20 19 at Clemson, two, six foot four wide receivers, 4,000 receiving yards, 42 touchdowns to Justin Ross and t Higgins, those guys.


And he's had smaller receivers at Jacksonville and he's been missing the target by a little bit. Let's get him a big catch radius guy like TT McMillan it's six four. And so if that's the case and now Campbell goes four TT goes five, I'm told that that Las Vegas is going to take Ashton Gente at six. And so that could be an offensive tackle. Armand Mebo. Now you get to seven and all these guys, you ready? Mason Graham still available. Tyler Warren and Colston Loveland still available. Jaylen Walker, Shamar Stewart, Mike L. Williams, all still available. It's gonna be and Ashton Genty. Right? How about the, have we hey I said like, hey Bears fans.


Yeah. Wake up. Yeah, like We, there's a scenario playing out right now as I'm talking to people in the league day in and day out where the Bears come on the board at 10. And I don't wanna get everyone all worked up, but Ashton Gente, Tyler War Warren and Colston Loveland are still available for them there. And is it, is it Ashton Gente in that spot? I mean it feels like it. Yeah. I I I would think so. Wait, So you said something interesting there. The Raiders are not gonna take Ashton Genty 'cause I I thought they were leaning that way. So that's what you're hearing. It's opposite. Exactly. That's we, I think every mock draft in the world for about a month straight had two, two of the same players of the same teams. It was Mason, Graham, Michigan defensive tackle going to Jacksonville at five and one pick later was Ashton Gente running back, going to the Las Vegas Raiders at six.


Hmm. And I don't think either is happening. Wow. I love that. So how, how would you compare Ashton Gente with running backs in the first round from the last couple years? Like Bija Robinson or Gibbs? Is he in that same class? Oh, absolutely. I I actually think he's a better pure runner in terms of like contact balance churning out yards after contact than Bijan Robinson. There's been, there's been six running backs going the top 10 in the last 10 years of the draft. And, and Saquon's obviously one of them, Leonard Fornet and and Christian McCaffrey were in 2017 go all the way back to, I think it was 2015 with Todd Gurley. So it's not unprecedented for a running back to go in the top 10.


He's certainly worth it in terms of the, the grade that he carries. But to me, Ashton Genti, like I haven't talked to any teams that, that view him not as one of the top six seven players in this draft. And the fact that he could wind up falling to 10 to the Bears would obviously it's positional value, but but absolutely worth the pi pick. And would I, I just like, part of me fell in love with the concept of, of Warren or Colston with, with Cole Ette and, and, and cooking it up in the lab with Ben Johnson and 12 personnel and all. But then you, you throw Ashton Gente in the mix and, and taking the pressure off the quarterback position. I just, I if that's the scenario, they can't go wrong with the pick, but, and certainly they'd be thrilled to have, 'cause there was a, there was a scenario with Jacksonville or sorry, with with the Raiders taking Genty at six and the Jets potentially taking Tyler Warren at seven, where Colson Lovelin was the, the best available at those positions at 10 for the Bears.


And I, I don't know that that's gonna be the case anymore. What if, what if it's somehow Mason, Graham Ash and Gente at 10, which would be tough to have, have that happen. But is there a chance that Mason Graham falls to 10? 'cause I love Mason Graham, There's a chance I I I look at the Jets as a possibility at, at at pick seven for Mason Graham. I don't, I wouldn't rule out Carolina at eight, but I I I don't know. I I think if he gets past, if he gets past five and gets past the Raiders of six Yeah. Like I, I think he could be on the board. Okay. I truly do.


That Would be exciting. I saw a report earlier today that the, the Giants and the Browns are taking calls, taking calls on their draft pick. I I just got a text from a, an assistant GM in the league and he's like, please try to ask around. And I, I just sent out some feelers and I'm jumping on with you guys and I'll, I'll make some more calls after. Apparently there have been calls and that's not surprising. Yeah. But apparently someone's trying, there's a team out there that according to Word and people are trying to figure out how, how true it is and how valid it is. But at this moment there's, there's apparently a team out there that's putting a big offer to the Cleveland Browns to try to move up to number two to get Travis Hunter.


Can we, can we guess what team it is? Do, does it rhyme with the Los Angeles Largers? I don't know. I, that's why, that's why I was sending out text before I jumped on, jumped on with you. There's, there's some speculation. Maybe the, maybe the Dallas Cowboys. Oh yeah. Because oh, Jerry did say he's, he's looking at doing something either before or after the draft, but it could happen. What about in the middle of it? No, no, not in the middle of the draft. Not in the middle. He said we're looking at making, we're looking at two things and these two things could happen either before or after the draft. So it could be anything. It could be the, it could be the Cowboys. Yeah. And he said for a player, I, I, I saw that quote.


So that player could be Travis Hunter before the draft. So it, I mean it would, it would fall in line. But yeah, it's definitely a wide open. I mean, no shit Jerry, like everyone's gonna do something before and after the draft and try to get somebody to say, Ideally if you, as long as you're still alive, then you can do something. Yeah. Yeah. So Jerry Jones confirms he will live through the weekend. When I saw that report that the Giants and the Browns are taking calls, I just immediately thought they put that report out there so that they will start to take calls. They're letting people know, like, please continue to contact us because we're listening. Like, I, I get it with the Giants, but you've known for over a month now that the cam ward's going number one. So if you're Cleveland and you've made the decision, it's not quarterback.


And I know, I know that to be true at two. And then you're, and you've got your choice between Abdul. I I, I literally started this whole conversation with you guys talking about this year's class and I said, there's two players that are in a group of their own. So at this point, you know, you're, you're basically on the clock and you know what the board looks like. So why I, I get the Giants chart because we can get to the Giants in a second, but there's some, there's some dissension in the Giants ranks. And so maybe trading out of that spot, if you're trying to appease the, the head coach and Brian DaBell and, and maybe get a quarterback, you'd like to move back, get a quarterback, have an additional pick to try to, you know, plug some other holes if that's truly the case.


And again, we can get to the Giants in a second, but, but if you're Cleveland, like what you either know you want Travis Hunter, you've decided that, or you're looking at this in, in, in weeks ago, you would've been talking to other teams about potentially moving up to the number two spot. It, it, it doesn't make sense that they would be putting out the feelers. It would make sense if the Giants were kinda reaching out, Hey, any interest here? Right? Yeah. Right. So, so speaking of the Giants, you know, front offices better than anyone, you'd have a bunch of horses. You talk to a bunch of guys, the giants feel like they're in that specific spot where it's a coach that's on the Hot Seat that is most likely gonna get fired unless they have a crazy turnaround. Same with the gm. The owner's probably getting impatient 'cause they've had some really bad seasons and it's like not Giants football.


And will they take a reach and take a Shado Sanders knowing that buys them maybe an extra year. Like when you see that happened, you, it happens every single year in the NFL. Is there ever a front office that's like, Hey, we're not doing this. Like we're not gonna do this. This is stupid. Why are we letting ourselves just do something so quickly just to, for self preservation here, let Me, let me give you a couple things, pieces of insight here. First of all, I, I was actually mildly surprised to hear as of Sunday, my, my information is that, that John Mera, the Mera family, they have not gotten involved. And, and I don't mean they're not involved in the process. I mean they, they're not saying we need to do this, or we really would like to take Shado at three or really would like to take out, they're, they're letting the people they hired work out the, the decision.


Second part is everyone got all worked up. They're grabbing the Marplan and they're flying to Boulder on Thursday of last week, Tuscaloosa on Friday for Jalen Mill, Tyler Shuck and Louisville on Saturday. What are, you know, is, is it gonna be should, but no one wanted to talk about Thero and Chuck part. Yeah. Or the fact that they had worked out dark the week, dark the week before. The face of this draft is Shado Sanders. So everyone media wise was on, well, you know, it's still in play at three. What I can tell you is this, according to my sources, and honestly I've been saying it for two weeks on the show, if you hire Brian DaBell, you did so because he is one of the handful, not dozens, handful of human beings on this planet in the NFL that actually know how to develop quarterbacks and actually can get the best out of them and actually have a, like a brilliant offensive mind.


Okay? And I don't care if this quarterback outlasts Brian in his tenure. I don't care what the wins and losses are. Brian can flat out frigging coach. Man, I like I I'm telling you, this guy is at a very high level in the NFL in terms of offensive coaching. Okay? I believe that. So, so you've got this man who's one of just a handful in the league in your building. He's the smartest man in the room. And for some reason there's some people in the scouting department that don't that that prefer Shado, but the guy who's gonna coach him that's great at doing that is not a Shado guy apparently. And I say that because I've heard that from sources. And I also have said that even before I had sources on it because I know Brian, I know his style, I know his history.


We know Josh Allen, we know what Jalen Hertz, I think in Alabama. He's Jackson Dart fits the mold for him. Sturdy, mobile, bigger arm than Shado doesn't have to have a rifle, but like he just fits the mold. And so whether it's Shado or Tyler Schuck or maybe a developmental project in, you know, day two with with Jalen Mill Monroe, that fits a lot more than Shado, especially in that climate in, in that division. So I'm hearing now that he wants to take a quarterback at three or, or maybe move down from that spot and take a quarterback. He'd like to make sure they get their guy. But I also have heard, and I, and it lines up with my football senses that it, it's not shado.


Okay? So maybe I'm hopeful that this organization is smart enough to say, well, Brian's the guy we gotta lean on with the quarterbacks, we'll handle all the rest of this. And, and I, it'll be fascinating to see maybe that's part of the reason why there's talk of calls to, to number three. Maybe move back down, take Jackson Dart a little bit later, get an additional pick or two, however that works out. But that's kind of the backdrop on everything that's going on in that Giants organization. And I'm just hopeful they, I mean he had to live through Daniel Jones, right? He got the best when Daniel Jones actually could stay healthy for a minute. He got the best out of Daniel Jones. Imagine he gets to handpick his guy and and develop him and not have to rush him out there year one with Russell Wilson there and with Jamis Winston there.


I, that's the direction I would go. And if I was the mayor of family and I had to get involved at all, I'd be like, you let him make the quarterback decision, you guys make the rest of them. Right? So let's say hypothetically they stay at their pick, they make their pick and they don't take a quarterback, they might want to move back up maybe late on in the first round to to draft that quarterback with a second, first round pick. Do any owners, and I guess with the mayors specifically, would they say, Hey, no, we don't want to trade all this away to move up so that you can take a quarterback because you're kind of mortgaging the future and drafting a quarterback kind of feels like it could be an effort to save your job.


Like Big Cat was saying, getting a working quarterback in. Are there any owners that will say that will shut that down and say, no, I don't think this is a good idea. Yeah, but then you're basically saying like, this is your last year as my head coach, right. You might as well fire him. Yeah. Or this is my, your last year as my gm Joe Shane. So I don't know the inner workings exactly how that would go. I, I've heard unbelievably wild stories of ownership in last minute making decisions that didn't align with what the personnel department and, and what the coaching staff wanted. Dan Saturn and Jake Rudin. But, but, but again, I do wanna emphasize because there's been a lot of speculation that as of Sunday the mayors are, are letting, letting the football people handle the football stuff.


So far I, I would like to think that if they do go Abdul Carter at three, that they would be wise in where they tried to tried to move up and if Dart's the guy that, that, that Brian DaBell wants, then, then you go up and get Dart, right? You secure him at 25, let's say with the Vikings who only have four picks in the entire draft. The few of fewest of any team in the league. So that, that's kind of how I look at this. The other part is, And we haven't even gotten to this, where's Shado going? Yeah. Where and, and why and and, and why, why and if Shado because 20 one's sitting there and everyone thinks because the same, the same principles apply with Kellen Moore and New Orleans at nine.


I don't think it's gonna be quarterback at nine. I I am fairly certain Kellen Moore does not want Shado that he would be a Jackson Dark guy as well. Or maybe a Tyler Schuck based off of like his last three jobs were as ocs were, were Deck Prescott, Justin Herbert and Jalen Hertz. Like those are, those are dark types of players or Tyler Shook types of players. Shado doesn't have a lot of love right now, man. And listen, baker Mayfield was like, what plus 2000 to be the number one overall pick the night before Michael Pennix. None of us knew that Michael Pennix was gonna be the pick for Atlanta a year ago. So we've seen this over and over again.


There's a team lurking I'm sure that has more interest in Shado in round one than we know of right now. But I'm also told, and this is the fascinating part, Mike Tomlin does like shado and there's love for Shado in that building, but it's a softer floor because everyone said, well that's the floor Fordo 21. It's a softer floor than people want to admit to right now. Or maybe people understand right now. And so if it's not 21 or if Pittsburgh's trying to trade back outta that, that spot at 21 because they don't have a second round pick after the DK trade, where's Shado going? And so is it gonna be a situation where it's like, hold, hold, you know, like Cleveland at 33 Giants at 34 New Orleans at 40, we've got, we private planes have been crossing over each other in the air the last couple of weeks workouts with Dart and Chuck Andro and Shado.


So maybe everyone just holds off and waits and, and maybe we only have one quarterback drafted in the first round. In fact, I like talking to people who are really in the know even more than I am in the know there's a growing sense that it's more likely that one quarterback get gets drafted in the first round than three. Wow. So, alright, so what do you though think about Shado as a, as a prospect? Because I, you, this is now gonna, you're gonna go head to head with your childhood friend and our boss, Dave Portnoy who said that he is putting his foot on like stamping his, getting on the soapbox lining the sand. Shado Sanders is gonna be a great pro pro bowl type player where you land on Shado Sanders as a player.


Yeah, I mean, Portnoy, I've been fighting since we're nine years old. He's A very accomplished scout. Get out, get outta Here. Well he also then, then, then our own company found, I think it was Mac Jones, Daniel Jones. And then there was one other, maybe it was, maybe it was Johnny Manzel where he is like, I'll put my reputation on these guys. Right. He, he's like, you know, he is like the cat with the lives, right? He just, he just gets to keep drawing lines in the sand and then it gets, And then that's what happens to the line in the sand. It gets swept away. I, well, yeah. So I like shado. I'm, I'm not lying in the sand, like I like shado, but I'm all like, can we have some intelligence with the conversation? The intelligence is like, I don't want him in a, in a system that doesn't fit him.


It's like so much of this is about where they land and I know no one wants to talk about it 'cause it's not sexy and fun pre-draft. But if you told me that he went to Cleveland, even in that weather and, and playing in that division, if you told me he went to Cleveland and had a year to, and he doesn't even need it as much as some of the other guys do. But if he had a little time, wasn't forced in right away and had Kevin Stefanski, like I told you, Kellen Moore is, is is Dart shuck, Brian Day Bowl's, dart Shuck, Kevin Stefanski is won games with guys with aren't the biggest, aren't the most mobile, don't have the biggest arm, but process and like lightning fast and are accurate, throwing the ball and get the ball out quickly in that West Coast system and, and lead receivers to yards after catch.


That's what Shado is. So Stefanski would be perfect for, I mean he won 11 games with Kirk Cousins. Who was it Mcna and who, who was it the, the quarterback before he won 10 or 11 games. So he's one guy won games. A lot of games with guys that don't have that great mobility, size, arm strength. I think he'd be perfect with Shado, but I I, I haven't heard anything on Cleveland. Yeah. And, and in fact I was told do not expect Cleveland to trade up. I if someone falls in their lap Yeah. But it, but don't expect them to trade up. Which would be interesting too. 'cause if you do stick and pick it too and you get his teammate Travis Hunter and everyone's sitting there where pick 24 or 25. Yeah. Like, where's Cleveland?


Where, you know, so that'll be fascinating to watch too. Yeah, I could see the Steelers on the clock at 21. They're, the camera is live on them in the war room and Mike Tomlin picks up the phone, but it's a call from Aaron Rogers who's drafting himself onto the Steelers, just letting them know, Hey, I've made my decision. I'm ready to say I'm gonna play. I thought for a while it was gonna be Aaron announcing that he was going to Pittsburgh at that the big night night out or whatever it was for McAfee, right? Yeah, I did too. And that, that didn't happen. And then he had the McAfee interview. Yeah, yeah. And, and my guy Mensch was saying all along, like, you know, he is gonna be in Green Bay. Like he did it. I was in Cleveland. I'll never forget, we're getting ready for the draft.


We get all these hits for SportsCenter and NFL Live, getting ready and previewing it and what are we hearing and where are guys gonna go? And all of a sudden it's like everyone stepped down, you know, a chef come on up and, and it was Aaron Rogers for like an hour and a half leading up to the draft. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that wouldn't have shocked me, but I, I kind of think it's, we're gonna go through like a little dead period and I think, I think that he, he will be true to what he was saying and he needs a little time, but we'll, we'll have to see. So one, one guy we haven't talked a lot about, because he's a presumptive number one overall pick Cam Ward to the Titans. He's been just glazing his teammates on the Titans on live streams. I dunno if you've seen that. No. But good teammate, I would say good teammate on his, his part.


But can you just tell us what you project him as as an NFL quarterback? Because it's just been Yeah, he's gonna go number one overall and then we move on to try to figure out what every other team's gonna do. But in terms of him as a player for the Titans, how would you have him graded in some of the, you know, the last handfuls of drafts? I think the conversation would've started at QB four last, last year with Cam Ward. I think with the other guy with Shado and dart. It would've started probably at, at QB if I'm being honest. QB six. But, but for most people QB seven, I, I didn't have Bo Nicks as high as as some other, I had a second round grade on Bo Nicks, so I was wrong on that so far. But Cam, when you watch the tape and you study the, the, the cutups of him in Rhythm on time when the, when he gets to the top of his drop foot foot in there receiver's where he's supposed to be and drives it, he's an absolute sniper.


And I think that's what Brian Callahan is, is looking at and like, I'm gonna channel that guy. Just like when Andy Reed and Brett Veach, the GM for the Chiefs watched Patrick Mahomes and he is drifting and kind of just throwing from every arm angle. And it was an absolute mess at Texas Tech, but a beautiful mess, but still a mess. You know, they, they saw when you go and you isolate those clips when he's actually in rhythm and running within the, you know, the constructs of the offense. It was brilliant. And it's the same thing with Cam and I think Brian Callahan, the coach is, is absolutely qualified to help in his development. He started his career with Peyton Manning in Denver.


Matthew Stafford he spent a lot of time with, right? He, he obviously Joe Burrow brought them to the Super Bowl. So he's been around greatness at, I mean like the highest level greatness at the quarterback position and has helped in the process along the way, learned and helped. So I like that fit. And I, I think Cam cam needs channeling Patrick Mahomes needed channeling, but they both share a similar trait. And I'm not doing the Mahomes and Cam Ward thing here. I'm not, I'm just saying their special, one of the special traits for Cam is that like, he feels, the pressure knows it's coming, but he is gonna let you take another step or two towards him because then you're, you're, you're leveraged out like it's like the old and out the way instead of some of these other guys, you watch the panic, the drifting, the, the racing out of the pocket and things get scrambled.


He's unbelievably calm and, and and, and he is thinking a step ahead. And I think if you've channeled what he does in terms of in the pocket on time and then you allow, allow him to still utilize those traits when the initial play breaks down. You can have something pretty special with camp. Yeah. Who are the, what are the wild card teams on Thursday night? What are the teams that were like, Hey, we don't know what they're gonna do. They could trade up, it might not be a, a drastic trade, like going up to two or three, but you've heard they're gonna move around or they might love someone that's gonna shock people. Are there any of those teams out there, The Houston Texans, there's some noise that they, that they are, that they're trying to move up for an offensive lineman.


Okay. Dallas is gonna be interesting. You just, it kind of sensing that something's going on there. A lot of people have thought Ted McMillan to Dallas at 12, now we're here in Jacksonville. I don't know if that would, that that would, you know, force their hand and they would they like 'em that much. I've got 'em rank 50th on my board. I, I like, I see the talent. I, there's a lot of other stuff I don't trust with Ted McMillan, so we'll see about that. Philadelphia, Howie Roseman can't sit still, so whether it's moving up, moving back at 32, but I do think Mason Taylor's an intriguing prospect for them with Dallas Goddard and the situation there. And, and the Rams.


The Rams like, could that be a quarterback team where they, they just all of a sudden out of nowhere decided, yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna take Jackson to Art if he's there. Yeah. You know, so obviously with, with Stafford and his situation, I, I don't plan on that, but it's, it's just something to keep an eye on. Okay. Okay. Are there Any guys from, from smaller schools that you're keeping your eye on? Gray's Abel, one of my favorites in this draft. North Dakota State. Think like we had like Toran Armstead, Cody Mock, Quinn Miners, all these guys show up at the Senior Bowl, have awesome weeks, disprove the small school level and go on to have really brilliant careers and get drafted in all sorts of different ranges. But go on to have really good careers.


Gray's able moves differently than every interior offensive lineman this draft. I think he could go as high as 18 to Seattle. Okay. Alright. Okay. What about your QBs? So how, how do you have your QBs ranked and then maybe give us the QB that you love that's ranked in the, let's say four to eight range, or five to eight range where you're like, Hey, this is a project, but this is someone that I could see, you know, a team taking a shot at third, fourth round where it's like, this could be a guy sometime soon. So I've got Cam Ward one, Jackson Dart two, Shado Sanders three, Tyler Shuck four, Jalen Millrose five. Okay. And Will Will Howard six.


Tyler, shucks. One of my favorites, man. And I gotta spend a little bit of time with him at the, at the combine. He's 20, he's 25, gonna be 26 during the season, I believe he is. He had three season ending injuries, all bone breaks, injury prone you could call him or Fluke injuries. He has, he, when he first started out at Lou, at, at Oregon, he's been three different schools, seven years in college. He was in, he was in the recruiting class with Trevor Lawrence. He was the backup to Justin Herbert at Oregon his freshman year. He's been around that long. Those guys are like going, you know, second contracts and all that. He's matured a lot.


And I, I, I, no one wants to hear the, the, you know, the touchy feely fun stuff with quarterbacks and, but like, you gotta know who you are as a human being. If you're gonna take over an organization, be handed the keys at some point in a year or two and look in that huddle. If you do huddle and groan ass men, they're looking back at you and like got no time for some pup. He's like, had football. Like he was carted off the field, thought he would never play again. He's just been through a lot. And, and I look at it him and I'm like, the biggest negative I have in te in talking to teams, this is the problem. Seven years, but only in, in this age, but only one year of starting experience. One full year right. At Louisville this past year.


But he is with the Bram brothers who know how to, you know, coach quarterbacks. He's developed unbelievably well in the past year, year plus. And he, he can step in and I think he's gonna shock people when he plays. He's bigger than the rest of these quarterbacks. He's got a stronger arm than the probably the rest of these quarterbacks maybe, you know, the same level as Cam Ward. He's faster in a straight line than all these guys outside of Jalen Mill. The top four guys for me, he's the fastest of all of them when he tucks and runs, the traits are there, the experience is there, the maturity is there. I would love to see him, whether it's the Giants with Brian Dbol, the, the, the New Orleans Saints picket at 40, you know, one of those teams is not gonna wind up with Shado is not gonna wind up with Jackson Dart.


And I would love to see him with one of those two spots with an opportunity in a year to, to take over the reins and see what he can do. I think he's gonna be a big surprise at this class. Interesting. What about the wide receivers? How do you have them ranked? I I I'm way different than, than a lot of people in this class. I like that. Yeah, it's good. Way different. I've got number one receivers, Matthew Golden route running Christmas S 4 2, 9 40 yard dash second fastest player at the combine. And the questions about him were like, is the top end speed great. He's not great after the catch in terms of making guys miss, but if he catches a crease, he's gone. Vertical speed adjusts to the ball. I like, I like golden one.


Then the big surprise probably for most people would be Jalen Noll. Hmm. From, from Iowa State. I've got him at number two at the wide receiver osi. He is so explosive. He Yeah, he's undersized. Yeah, he is probably gonna be a slot like that fine. But, but like look at lad McConkey last year and what he, he came in like, he's probably gonna have to be a slot. I don't know. And and McConkey was one of the best rookie receivers in the class that was like legendary for rookie production and wide receiver. So I, I think Noel is gonna be probably a second round pick. He's not getting to the third but not gonna be in the first, so a second round pick. And, and I think he's gonna way out, way outplay his, his draft slot after that. I've got a Mecca Buca from Ohio State, another probably slot receiver, but consistent, a lot of production.


And then I like the other Iowa State too guy too. The, the Jayden Higgins, big six three plus physical receiver. Great. Getting off the press. Those are my top four. And, and TT McMillan is, is down there at number 50 overall, as I said. Interesting. And then burden, because that's like TT and Yeah. Luther Bird. I actually have before T oh and Luther Bird comes with a handful of stuff and red flags and all that. But, but he is, he's not deebo. Everyone wants to say he's Deebo, but I, I get the comp and that he's physical explosive after the catch. Versatile, you can do a lot of different things with him. Never gonna be your best route runner. But that if you can get him the football, he's gonna make a lot of plays. I, I don't know if you watched the same film I watched, but as a scout, Ted had this one catch, he wasn't wearing pads, no big deal, but he jumped up in the air, caught it, and then put the ball between his legs before he landed.


Did you see that? And if you haven't I did, did that change your mind at all? Clearly not. Okay, because I, I just turned in my final top 300. We'll post tonight the McShay report. Google it, subscribe people come on Club McShea Give us, give us Maybe not, Maybe not right now. Yeah, Not right now. No, no, that's Right. I shouldn't have laughed. Yeah, I'm in trouble. Give us another, an another guy who maybe in the second or third round any position that you, you love and you're like, when you hear this name, because that's what we, we love about the draft. It's like we're all gonna sell ourselves on whatever ends up happening. Yeah. Be like, this is a guy, but if you hear it first from mha, it's just confirmation bias.


Whoever's listening and rooting for that team, they're like, yeah, McShay said that. JT Lau, I've had to pr practice that name Lau from Ohio State. I I just like him. I went back, I think I had prospect fatigue over time. The first report I wrote on him was in the summer of 2022. We're now going in the summer of 2025. So like, it was the same guy over and over again. But this year he took it to another level. This year's drafted. I I agree with Daniel Jeremiah. It's not great at the top. There's not as many elite players at the top as you'd like to see. But teams are looking for starters. And if you're a base four, three defense plug in, like he's gonna be seven, nine sacks a year, batted down passes effort gap.


Like he is nothing like overly sexy about his game, but he's gonna be one of those guys who like eight, nine years in where like he's still doing it at a high level. Right. I I, I like JTTI think Trayvon Henderson, if put in the right spot, like the Jamir Gibbs spot that he was put in has got a chance to be special. Don't rule him out as a, as a first round draft pick. Oh in fact, I've talked to teams that have him rated higher than Omar and Hampton. Oh. And there's a growing sense that he could wind up being RB two in this class. So that, that's intriguing. Elijah Arroyo, like we, so much time has been spent on Tyler Warren and Colston Loveland and rightfully so.


And Mason Taylor could sneak in at 32, right? There's gonna be a team that gets Arroyo outta Miami and if he can stay healthy, which you could say about every prospect, but had struggles with durability, he is so explosive and like he, his ability to get down the seam run routes down the field. He's, he's like a different level. And, and the thing, normally these like calc types, the f tight end, the, you know, flex out tight end. They don't block all that. Well. This guy's got some prick in him, man. Like, he loves it. He will embarrass you on tape. So I just, I I think Arroyo is gonna wind up really outplaying where he winds up getting drafted, which is probably gonna be somewhere in like the forties or early fifties.


But I, I think Arroyo is an absolute player. Yeah. Where do you see the Washington commanders going this year? 'cause they're in an interesting team on paper they make the NFC championship game, but then you look at the roster and you think to yourself, they, they do have a lot of holes, they've got a lot of places that they have to, they have to get much younger at because we've been, you know, doing one year rentals on a lot of people. So where, what direction do you see them going? I think Edge is a spot that they'd like to be able to go. They're not, I don't think they're stuck drafting there. We've got a bunch of guys who are gonna come off the board and I, I think earlier than people expected, now that I'm talking to teams, I, I think it's gonna be Carter at three, AB Carter at three. I think Jalen Walker's gonna go maybe as early as the, the Jets at six and if not a couple pixels later.


I think Mike L. Williams could go as early as let's say eight to, to Carolina. I think Shamar Stewart could go shortly thereafter. Maybe it's nine to the Saints. I think James Pierce could go like 15 to Atlanta. Mike Green maybe 17 to Cincinnati. And all of a sudden you look up, you're like, shit, we're pick 18. And we said, what did I just list off like seven guys? Yeah. So I, I don't know that there's gonna be like Donovan Raku from BC is really, really a savvy, proficient edge rusher. I just don't know that he's got that. Like he's shorter. He's not the fastest, most explosive guy. I think he's probably gonna be early two. Why not?


Why not Trayvon Henderson there? Yeah, yeah. You know, it would make sense. Like I get it, like cornerback edge, your bigger needs, but if, if John a baron and, and Will Johnson and Maxwell Hairston are all off the board and all those edges are off the board and you can't trade back. I don't know. Like I get a just getting a weapon in the passing game and adding that, you know, with with with Brian Robinson, what you already have and I, I just, I think he's got a chance to elevate like Gibbs did. Maybe not quite to that level, but to take an offense that's explosive and to do like just a little, you know, just a little more nudge where now you gotta account for this guy who's a four four catches the ball outta the backfield Will, will protect too.


Yeah. He and his buddy haw judkins, their past protection tape is fun to watch. Yeah. So I, I could see Henderson as, as a, as someone's who's on the short list as a possibility. Yeah. I mean, Eckler did a pretty good job with that last year, but we, you know, he's not getting any younger and on third down for Jayden, he likes to, he likes to find the running backs move the sticks. That would make a lot of sense to me. I I would personally like to see Malachi Starks. I love watching that guy play. Oh, You see that Jeremy Chin's gone? Yeah. The, the safety's already. I mean you, you talk about polar opposites like the, of the spectrum, right? You've got Nick Emman warrior's like 6 3, 2 20, like broke the broad jump record at the combine by like four inches and had the best over 200 pounds.


Like the, the best vertical jump of any player ever except just insane workout. And his tape is really good and interesting. But like you talk about the kind of the football character stuff and, and the focus issues and kind of in and out of things and, and aggressiveness and the run support. So there's this like balancing act with him. The traits are unbelievable, but what are we, are we sure that this is a first round talent, first round guy that we want to bring in? Then you get Starks who's like Kirby Smart talks about him almost as glowingly as Nick Saban talked about Will Anderson a couple years ago, okay. Just loves ball team first.


Prepare does all the little things smooth move on tape is beautiful, moving smooth and, and, and, and like aggressive and plays fast and, and comes up and hits and all the things. And he's a first round talent on tape. But then he worked out and it was like third worst this second worst. This like among the, the safeties in the class and didn't run very well. And so I, I think I do think the safeties if they come off the board in the first round will be very late, like that 27 to 32 range. But I could see a scenario too where, where neither guy get gets drafted by the end of night one. Yeah, Yeah. Are you, are you a guy that puts any stock into drafting captains? Like you give a little bonus like a gold star if they're a captain on their college team?


You get my attention when you're like a three year captain. Yeah. Okay. And you get my attention when you've transferred in from somewhere and you're an immediately, like you, you earned captain, you were able to in that little window of like 3, 4, 5 months become a captain before the week, week one of the season. But there's a lot of captains out there. Yeah. But yeah, I'd prefer a captain over a non-Cat. Yeah.


Alright, I got one last question for you. Always been awesome having you on Todd. Go check out the Todd McShay show on Ringer. You're gonna have to watch Ryan Illa hopefully run a 40 yard dash on Saturday live from his house. Last question, Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take, I think we've asked this before, but I want to ask it again just 'cause it's fun to look back.


What was your number one like I nailed that. No one else had it and your number one. I was way off on this person and I should have realized it. I can, I I I hate when it's the negative stuff, but I I I still go back to like, to Brady Quinn and, and Tim Tebow. Brady Quinn. But was it, was it Quinn? No, it was Clawson with Kuper. Yeah. Clawson with Kuper. Yeah. I had a Good run on, on on shutting Kuper down on some quarterbacks. Yeah. With Clawson and Quinn. I think he had an agent who represented some of those Notre Dame guys and bumped him up. I, but I mean, I got him to promise to retire and he's still going.


Yeah. So that didn't work out. But what was your best, what's your number one where you're like, I had that guy before everyone else. Before everyone else, huh? Or You, or you were, you were different. Like say for example this year, if your, if your wide receiver board turns out to be correct, you'll be very, you'll be vindicated because everyone has Tet going, you know, as, as the best. And you have him as the fifth. I had Malik neighbors last year, the number one receiver. That's good. That matters anything. Yeah. Although Brian Thomas was very good. Yeah, Brian Thomas was very good. And Marvin Harrison Jr. Will be very good. I don't know. I I don't like to sit here and, and come on, pat my back on. Yeah. Pump yourself up.


I I I still like, yeah. I, I don't know. Would you say they'll say this, the quarterbacks have have always been the hardest, like, like Bow next, last year I talked about JaMarcus Russell was, was the, was the one obviously I, but there were a lot of people in the league that didn't like JaMarcus. I had the wrong information, but my goodness, I've never, I talk about learning a hard lesson early on when he's on his knee, like throwing 60 yards, hitting a goalpost and you're, you're like a 25-year-old scout or sent, sent from ESPN to do the first pro day ever. And you see that and you're like, Oh my God. Yeah. How could this go wrong? Yeah. And then, and then when he is sitting in the sideline doing interviews and, and sitting on the ground and media is coming up and putting the microphones in front of him, and I, and I ask, I'm asking people at LSU like, what, why is he sitting like, oh, he's just chill, you know?


He is like relaxed and that's part of the reason he's so good. And then it turns out like, no, that, that dude's just lazy. Yeah, yeah. You know? Yeah. So yeah. Okay. I I like what you said about Bo Nicks too. I I was, I'm wrong so far. Yeah. On Bo Nicks. Yeah. What's the year, what, how many years do you give it until you after, after Three Then you give it up. Although Sam Darnold, I'm still like Sam Darnold, I'm, I love you buddy. You know, like I had, I loved Sam Darnold in that class, loved him. So, so you're still, you're still holding on a little bit of stock. You're being like, I didn't know. I mean, He was the best quarterback in the league for like 12, 12, 13 weeks last year. It's true. It's true. So, so it's coming around. Like, so if you were gonna give up after year three, so usually by year three, but not always.


I, I do kind of feel bad for the scouts that spend, you know, all year studying guys, certain guys and they fall in love with these guys and they're like, I I I need you on my team. And then some other team swoops in and takes 'em beforehand. I How are you supposed to detangle yourself from that relationship that you've built up? Like you, you've watched every play is made. You've hung out with him. No, I know you've met his family and now you're like, It's real man. It's real. Yeah. And that's why every team gives, like whether it's like the Gold Star or the Red Star or the red dot, like they, they allow their scouts to go up to the board and be like, pick your one, pick your guy. And they do their best if in the right situation. And, and they'll, they'll take it over a player with a similar grade and all that. But they do get to know 'em like these scouts, man, I, I know no one wants to hear it in Cry Me a River.


They work for NFL teams, but like what they get paid for the work they do, talking to them now. And like I'm talking to a good friend who's in the southeast and like, it used to be like 12, 13 players in the summer. They're evaluating and now like NIL and transfer portal and guys all over the place and it at Old Miss it was 12 or 13 and this year he had 30 players he had to write up in the summer. And it's not just like watching tape, it's like, like you said, like getting to know Right. The background, like all the, the history. Who's, who's in charge of this guy now, who's the agent of this guy? What, what deals you, it's, it's a lot of work that goes into all these individuals in a, in a region and then you handpick the few guys that you like absolutely love you, believe in.


You present that to the general manager and they, and, and they do their best. But odds are, I mean, maybe you get one or two guys at best from your entire region in a draft and then you're looking at these reports like a binder this big and like files and, and it's just all, it's all gone. Yeah. I do. That Should go A wild Professor. Yeah, it is. There, There should be a Scout of the Year award because we don't celebrate the scouts. Actually We'll give it, we'll give it to us. Yeah, we'll give it to us. For John, we picked Josh Allen. Yeah, I Do remember. I, I'll never forget that was like my, one of, of my, I mean obviously we did like the combine together and all, but that was the first time being out in a real setting professionally with you Clown Right. Saw us Yeah. At the combine.


Just half passing out. I'm Like, what is going on with the, because you guys were like going up to like GMs and coaches, you know, you saw his arm, right? Yeah. Like passing out the sheet At, at that point, no one really knew what your whole deal was. Yeah. And and like media was not, media was, was staunch back then. Yeah. Like you, like you had to have like permission and go through, you know, the certain channels to talk to a general manager, head coach and you guys were just like, yeah, you saw this big arm. Right. You didn't get you guys yet. I'm like, like, oh gosh, You're I know those guys shit. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I was just timing. I was just timeing Big Cat in a 40. Yeah. Yeah. Well a grandma walked by.


We think you might like this piece of literature, sir. Yeah, like Jehovah's Witnesses for Josh Little, the pamphlet. We used to call it the Baral pamphlet. Yeah. Yeah. He's laughing now. There got the Last laugh. Yeah, he's laughing at his looking out at the water right now in Miami. Yeah. There should be a scout of the year award Though. Yeah, we'll give it, we'll give it, we'll get on on That. Get on That. Yeah. Alright. Todd, you're the best. Appreciate you everyone tune into his show on The Ringer and best of luck in the draft. Let's, let's, let's crush this draft. You got it man. Let's do it.


MHA was brought to you by our great friends over at Gametime. The NBA and NHL playoffs are here. The only place to buy hard to get playoff tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. They've got killer last minute deals, all in prices, views from the seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes all the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to tip off. You can save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets. And I am going to be going to the caps Canadian Ends game in Montreal with Oldie and Pug on Friday. Pumped about that series. Game two is tonight Wednesday night in dc. Hank, what are the, what's the get in price tonight? The Get in Price Tonight in Washington is $59. That's a pretty good deal. Great deal. Make it out to Super Deal Game two Rock The Red Super deal with Gametime, you get the best prices and the ticket prices actually do get lower the closer you get to tip off or to puck drop. And if you're looking to get into the NBA playoffs, you gotta use Gametime. What are you waiting for? Take the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use code PMT. Get 20 bucks off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for 20 bucks off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime who


make sure it was also brought to you by Chevy Chevy's. Packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a Friday, Saturday, and Sunday you get a truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips, DIY projects. Bring it on. We're about a cross country road trip. Silverado was a perfect ride for last year's grit, week out west and they helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Lowman Award. The Silverado Trail Boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 foot pads of torque. Plus the Trail Boss gives you an extra two inch lift so maybe Hank can finally dunk. The result is a truck that can do it all and then it can show up on Monday with a story to tell. It brings the grit, but it's also got all the latest truck tech inside and out. Draft yours@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together. Let's ride.


And now here's Coach Matt LaFleur. And Now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very good friend of ours, recurring guest. It is Green Bay Packers head coach Matt LaFleur. Coach, it's draft season. We wanted to catch up with you talk some draft, but thank you for coming on. Let's start though. How would you grade your NFL head coach's picture at the league meetings a couple weeks ago? How would you think you did Personally? I, I'd give myself a b. Okay. I think I had you in the hot guy crew. The yeah, the hot boy crew with you canals, Sean McVay and Dko Ryans is so do You, I mean that's, that's a pretty, that's a pretty good crew.


I'll, I'll take that all day. Yeah. Yeah. So do you think though that NFL head coaches are getting too hot? Because like, I, like we lost Matt Rule who Matt Rule can dress up all he wants. He's gonna look like Matt rule. Do you think that you guys are maybe getting a little too hot and we're losing a piece of that game? Yeah, I don't worry about that. That's, you know, I, I do take a lot of, I love watching your write-ups on all of us though. I, I think that's very entertaining. Yes, Yes. But I, I mean you definitely, we know Sean definitely takes he, he thinks about his looks So, takes a lot of pride in that. Yeah. He had the PRP injections to grow the beard Out a little bit, so Yeah.


So what you're He does, he does a lot of things. He's Hollywood though. Yeah. I mean he's That's True. He's right there. Can you blame him? Yeah. So wait, you're, what you're saying is you're just naturally hot. You're not, you're not trying to do it at all. Whereas Coach McVeigh is, he's trying to do it. He's gotta to get dressed up and have everyone, you know, he's, he's spending money on his face and everything. You're just, you're just rolling out of bed. Good looking. Well, Arthur Smith said otherwise, he said I spent a lot of time on my hair and all that, which Okay. Can't say he is totally wrong. Yeah. But yeah, We do Ms. Arthur Smith in the league too. Like as a, as a head coach, having him in that picture was a, that was a nice touch too. Yeah. Oh, art's the best.


Yeah. Yeah. So, so coach you, are you hosting the draft? Are, do you have any hosting responsibilities? Yeah. They've staying at your house? I Have, I have no hosting responsibilities. Oh. So nothing, nothing additional. Are you gonna be at the team facility? Are you gonna be like at the physical draft itself? Well, yeah, technically since it's here, but I'll be in the same draft room that I've been in the last, well, I guess it was our first year in our new portion of our building. So I'll be up there in the draft room on the second floor, but it, it kind goody's office is right around the corner so you can overlook and, and see what's going on outside.


Oh, Alright. So, so can you break down, I know this might be boring for some people, but I'm actually fascinated with it. Like your actual draft day schedule, like what time, what time does it get cooking? What time do you guys sit down? You obviously have done all the work, but like what, how does it work? Just sitting there in the war room and like, you know, the bolts are flying and you're trying to figure everything out. Honestly, it, it's, it's just kind of a waiting game. Especially, we're picking 23rd this year and there's a lot of unknowns I would say in this draft in particular. Probably more so in this one than there is in previous years. Just in terms of, there's not a, I would say a clear consensus in terms of how some of these guys are gonna fall.


And it's always a little bit of a crap shoot, but it's a lot of weight waiting around. But you can feel, it starts to get tense the closer you are to, to making your selection. Yeah. So what's the, what's the snack situation like? Yeah. In your draft war room. You know, we got a lot of scouts that like to eat and so I'd say there's, there's some pretty good snacks floating around. Yeah. Who are you guys gonna pick? That's a hell of a question. I thought I'd get that. Who do you think we should pick? I thought I got you. I thought I was gonna have you. I feel Like the Green Bay beat writers always know who you're gonna pick before just because they know, like you guys have a type, you're like the Ravens, like the Packers and Ravens. It feels like they always get the guy that they wanted to get and he ends up being good and it's like, god dammit, it happened again.


It's not always the case, but That's what you Try to, you know, you wanna be successful through the draft. And thankfully our guys have done a pretty good job. Alright. So, so like when the pick, when you get closer to your pick, obviously you're not the gm but you are the head coach. Are you, are you being asked, are you, are you like weighing in or you just like, Hey, you guys have been doing all the work, I'm gonna go coach the team. You guys have been doing the scouting, like I defer to you? Or do you get, do you throw in like some thoughts and everything? Oh yeah, absolutely. I think the, I mean, I'm sitting right next to goodie and, and the rest of our, our scouting department and you know, sometimes there's, there's more conversation than others.


But yeah, I absolutely weigh in, especially as we're getting close and, and it's usually there's a couple guys within the range that you're kind of targeting and you kinda weigh in and give your thoughts and then, you know, just wait to see who we pick. Yeah. Do you guys still use the same draft chart? The one that Jimmy Johnson came up with, where he assigned all the numbers, the different values for each pick? Oh yeah. There's, there's a couple of them out there that is one of 'em that, you know, we have the all this stuff up on the screen on your computer screen. And especially when you start talking about trades and you hear the phones ring and you know, each, I would say there's a lot of scouts in the room and most of the scouts have a team that they're in communication with.


So as those trades get thrown around, you start comparing and, and see where it falls. And those draft charts, they're all a little bit different. We have our own draft chart as a matter of fact, but we, we always use all those to compare in terms of where the value is. Yeah. Do, do you guys ever, has it ever come down to like the last second and you guys don't have your pick in? Has there ever been pressure on the clock that way? 'cause I remember the Vikings, they got, they, they I think twice, they didn't submit their pick on time and lost their pick. Yeah, that's, I mean, it, it hasn't happened in my experience here, but yeah, usually you have some, you always have a plan B if, if something doesn't go through the, the way you want it, you always have something down just so that doesn't happen.


Do you text with any of your friends who are in different organizations, coaches, scouts, whatever and like bust their balls like in a fantasy draft being like, that was a reach like, oh we had a third round grade on him. I would do that. Do you not? No, I I would say you usually just compliment when Yeah. They pick somebody that you like and then there's some laughter within the, the draft room sometimes like, I can't believe they just took whoever it may be. But typically we kind of keep that in-house. Okay. Okay. Yeah. 'cause I would definitely not be able to help myself. Yeah. And just be like, even if it wasn't true, I'd just be like, dude, I had a a third round th third day grade on this guy.


I think I'm gonna try that approach this year. Yeah. Just Because you wanted to see how they react. It will get in someone's head like that when, when you draft in fantasy football and someone says, Ooh, that's a reach. You're, you're just like, fuck was that a reach? Even if they're fucking with you, you definitely get in your head and then you, you start making crazy decisions. I think I'm gonna have to try it. Yeah. Well now if, if any other coaches are listening to this interview and they don't get a text from you being like, good pick, then they're gonna be in their own head thinking like, why didn't I get the, the good good pick text from Matt. You must think that pick sucks. We set that up. One thing I would also do, if I was a coach, I would, I would probably forget to do my draft prep and then read a mock draft like on my way into the office that day and be like, oh shit.


Okay, now I'm good. Now I'm good. Do you, do you ever read the the mock drafts and think to yourself like, these guys have no fucking idea of what we're, what we're talking about? Yeah, but I, I usually try not to look at any like, mock drafts or any draft evaluations till the, till the very end of it. Yeah. Because sometimes you're, you're like, well maybe I'm missing something. But you just don't want that to really factor into the, the work that you do watching the players and getting to know them. Yeah. You know, what you need to do too is we've found in our travels that NFL Scouts actually listen to this show, like more than probably any profession. 'cause they're in the car all the time.


And I've talked to them about it where like, we've gone to college games where we'll see a bunch of scouts and they'll come up and talk to us. I'm like, why are you listening to us? We're morons. They're like, well we kind of, we live football And we kind of wanna shut off our brains and listen to you guys be idiots. And I was like, actually that's a fair, fair response. So you, but I would imagine a scout listening to us too much is bad for like their brain and scouting. So you should probably throw a test out there to see like, maybe, maybe be like, Hey, you guys hear Max get pranked by Jerry O'Connell with Big Dom. And if anyone says they had you should be like, you're out. Get outta here. You listen too much. Yeah. Well you guys are so entertaining.


You know? I mean, I Don't know about that. I think it's just good for them to feel smart about themselves. Yeah. I think they, they listen to us and they're like, okay, yeah, I know what I'm talking about. These guys don't. Right, right. Well that's part of it too. Right? There's no doubt about it. You, you basically, I I would imagine a scout, like if they're out on the road 200 days a year, they're toiling away trying to find the next, you know, diamond in a rough, they turn us on and they're like, Hey, at least I'm not dumb. Like these guys, like they, it is almost like a confidence. Like I can still do this. I can still scout football. I don't think you guys are that dumb. We had a, I think I personally had a first overall grade on Joe Milton last year. You still do. Yeah. You probably, when you were scouting Joe Milton, were you like, man that guy can throw a football a fucking mile.


Yeah, he can throw a mile. Yeah. I love watching him. Yeah, I have some big arm. I have a real like Big J question for you. I need to hold your feet to the fire on something. Ooh, A big J. Yeah, Big J. Capital J journalist. Okay. Why are you afraid of the tush push? Mm. Oh I Why are you scared of it? It's just a play. You can do it. You're being kind of a pussy about it. Well, I, I don't want to get into how I really feel about it. So like I am good with whatever they wanna decide and do. We're gonna adapt. But it has been a pretty damn successful play. Ironically enough. We, we actually do better when we don't do the tush bush, so.


Oh Wait, so but how do you actually feel? You don't like it? No, I don't. I I mean I'm indifferent to be honest with you. What does it feel like when, you know, the tush bush is coming though? That's gotta suck. Well, yeah, you know, I mean they're in a favorable situation 'cause it's still like, you know, almost 90% effective. So it's, it's a tough play to stop, that's for sure. And especially with how Philly's done it. And Jaylen does a great job, but I think, I really think it all starts up front, those guys do a really good job of getting low and allowing Jalen to use his herculean leg strength to push the pile forward. Yeah. Yeah. I, if you're allowed to do the tush push, I think you should be allowed to do the thing that Frankie Lvu did, which is just jump over the line repeatedly and hit somebody and Just, well see.


I think that's what we're trying to avoid. Right, right. Yeah. But that's still fun. It's a good, like the defense has the ability to do that. I just, I I thought it was very funny when the ref was like, if you do it again, we're gonna award a touchdown. I'd never heard that before, Nor neither did I. Yeah, the sidebar, I Didn't know that was, I I didn't know they could do that. Yeah, that's A real rule. Yeah. Yeah. It is a real rule. Sidebar, PFT, we won't let coach listen to this, but I read a theory that the packers actually were like being the sacrificial lamb in trying to ban the tush 'cause they don't have an owner 'cause they're weirdos like that. And you can't thousand mad at one owner. So like all the other teams wanted the, the tush bush banned. But the Packers are like, we'll, we'll propose it, we'll say it and then everybody will just be mad at a state.


Right. Yeah. Oh, hey, what's up coach? You still there? I'm here. I'm here. Alright. So the real question is, and he's my coach now. Ben Johnson. You got beef with him so well he called you out. I Don't, I don't have beef with Ben. Yeah. So What, what like, have you guys ever talked and I listen, he can squat 400 pounds. I don't know if you probably can't squat 400 pounds. I don't know if he's, I'd like to see that. Yeah, He'll show it to you. That's fine. He also has a mean, I dunno if you saw his first pitch. It was nasty at Wrigley on Saturday. It was. I did not See it. Oh, of course you saw it. You I did not see it. You saw it. You probably didn't see it because it was too fast. Yeah, it was too fast. That had late breaking action.


It, you would've struck out a hundred times out of a hundred times. But You're probably right. 'cause I never played baseball. I was not a baseball guy. Okay, nice Excuse. When he said your name though, were you like, what the heck? I've never even talked to him. Well I, it's funny 'cause a lot of people reached out to me and they're like, how well do you know Ben? And I was like, I don't, but you know, It's good for the rivalry. The you need to watch the pitch though because it was, it was some nasty stuff. It was like Greg Maddox. Really? Yeah. Yeah. It was I think the most impressive first pitch that I've seen in, in a very long time. But yeah, he, when he, when he brought your name up, I think everybody was like, oh, the old buddies just jabbing each other like they do.


Yeah. I assumed like, do you, do you, do you work like 0.0001% harder? Because he said that Anytime I'm just lacking a little motivation. I just think about that and you know, it usually gets me over the hump. Yeah. I mean it's kind of like, like you could do the old, like gotta beat the Packers. He just went more personal level, you know what I mean? He's like, gotta gotta go after Matt LaFleur. Make it personal. Yeah. Last time I checked I thought it was Packers bears. That's Matt LaFleur. Ben Johnson Lion and Squat Squat Fest. We're gonna do a squat fest. I love that. I mean, you, you haven't beaten the, That's pretty impressive. He can squat four oh pounds. Yep. I think its four five. Impress Haven't the bears in 2025?


Have you? We have not. We haven't played. It's been, that's fast. Oh, Actually we, We did that. Yep, yep, yep, yep. There was a game. So maybe, maybe a shifting of the tides. Right. I do want to give you some credit though, for your coaching job this year. 'cause I thought what you did when Malik Willis came in to, to the outside, it looked like you were calling, you were emptying the bag when Malik was out there the way that you were like designing the running plays. Was that a fun week of work for you when you're like, I am going to need to figure out how to tailor this offense and, and win a football game? It seemed like you were having fun calling those plays. Well, I gotta give our staff a ton of credit. Guys like Adam Sinnovi. I mean he's really the mastermind behind our run game.


And so a lot of times we'll build off our run game. We'll build our passing game off that. So yeah, he, he definitely, we we have a saying around here, the only thing that limits you is your imagination. Hmm. And he he is, he's got he's a pretty creative guy That's like a Disney world Saying it is. That's Kind of lame Dee. I actually bet on you guys though when Malik will, because I, I, to give you credit, I was like, Matt Lare is a very good coach and I think he's gonna have Malik Willis in a great spot. And I was like, you know, there were a lot of people like Malik will can't play. I'm like, coaching matters a lot. And you guys, like you had the game plan for him.


Yeah. And, and he went out there. What was so impressive about what he did? He'd been here for three weeks before he started his first game. And I don't know too many guys that could handle that type of situation. And it's a credit to him and the guys around him being able to go out there and and execute the plan. What, this year I feel like you got a little angrier this year. Are you working on your anger? I am. I am. So what happened? Did you, did you feel, did You feel, I'm trying to be, did You feel yourself getting angrier this year? Just in certain situations, you know, like when you call a timeout three times and they don't recognize it. You know, I I think you, you kind of earned that right?


To get a little angry, right? Yeah. Did you know that some people were calling you Mad LaFleur? Yeah, I did not. I was unaware of that. Yeah. You got mad. You got mad, you got triggered. People were saying that in That game against the, the Dolphins. When you looked across the field and you saw Mike McDaniel just like all bundled up in his, in his very cozy Parker. Were you like, we got this game, this guy can't coach in the cold. Yeah, but it's, it's never about us. It's always the players. Oh, that's, that's smart cop out answer. I like that. I saw a report that you're, you're bringing in new ideas to keep the Packer's offense evolving. What new ideas are we talking about? Is it the, is it pf t's lateral? Is it my fake punt? Punt?


What are you doing? Well, I saw what Mike Leach said the other day. Yeah, Yeah. Or was there a report that he had said Yeah. Before he passed? Yeah, that one would be good. Oh, that'd be great. Yeah. Would You sign the Risler? You know who the Risler is, right? I don't know who the Rizz, you know Who the Rizz is? You're just playing. He's Rizz. You're doing this Yeah. Smokescreen season. And don't make us explain who the Grizzler is. 'cause we probably would have the FBI I at our Door, I need, I promise you, I don't know who the Grizzler Is. You just don't want the Vikings to draft him. You're like that. We've got him on our big board. He's the little kid that goes like this. Yeah. Do you know who baby GR is? Yeah, I do know who Baby Mac Is. Okay, so you know who the Grizzler is? You know, I don't know who the Grizzler is. Big Justice.


I don't know who that is either. Oh Man. And this is now you've reversed it on us because explaining it is just so embarrassing. So Yeah, you don't need to know. I don't really want to explain who the Grizzler is. What do You guys do? Spend all day on social media or something? No. Literally. Yes. No, that's our job. We're shitheads who sit on our phones all day. Do you Have a burner? Do you, do you look at social media? You know, I try not to, I'm not gonna say I never do because, but I do do not have a burner, but I try not to because, you know, I, I learned this lesson one time back when I was the coordinator for Tennessee. We, we had a game versus Philly. We won in overtime and, you know, I was feeling good about myself.


Had like a T 20 minute ride into work and they were saying great things on the radio. Then the next week we went out and got smoked. And so I just thought it was karma, bad juju. I don't want any part of it, both good or bad. So I try to stay off of it as much as possible, which I think is impossible in today's world. But for the most part, I try to stay away from it. It's Probably pretty Smart. We might've just relapsed you 'cause you're gonna walk away from this being like, who the hell is the grizzler? Yeah. I gotta find out. Yeah. Know this Guy. I, I can't wallers. You know who the Grizzler is. Okay. He knows. Yeah, yeah, Of course he does. He's, he's, he's a regular person. He's QB one in this raft. You throw him over the line of scrimmage and easy touchdown every single time.


It makes a tush look like the least effective play ever. I Wonder if my kids know who the Grizzler is. Definitely. They, they Definitely do. How old are your kids? Okay. My kids are 13 and 11. Yeah. They know Who the Rizz is. They know they probably have the Grizzler posters. So they're Actually, they're probably gonna make fun of me that I don't know who the Grizzler is. They actually probably will go, they'll probably say, yeah dad, we knew about the Rizz. That was six months ago. So he's, they're gonna not only make fun of you, but then make fun of us Adjacently being like, these guys are fucking losers too. So that's gonna suck for us. You'll have to update me if that happens. I got I'll, I got kind of probably a dumb question. It might be a good question though, depending how you answer it. Have you Sean and Kyle ever gotten like on the group chat together and said like, what if we just, what if we just all teamed up again on the same team one day, like maybe 20 years from now?


You know how like the Eagles break up, they do their own side projects, they do a reunion tour. Has that ever been discussed? Yeah, I think it'd be great. We, we usually get together in other settings, you know. Would you, are you closing the door on ever being on the same coaching staff again? Absolutely not. Oh, I like that. Who would be the head coach? Ooh, we got some pretty strong personalities between Sean and Kyle, so I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know if they could coexist, you know, being same division all these years. Yeah, that's true. I Hope that's possible. That's true.


When your former quarterback Aaron Rogers said that he's looking for a culture like the Packers, were you like, did he have a little smile on your face? You're like, I told you so. Grass is always greener. No, I didn't know he said that. Oh, You're such a liar. I doubled. You're such a liar. You're such a liar. So That does make me, that does make me grin. That makes me happy. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He went to the Jets for two years and he is like, god dammit, I didn't realize what life was like. Yeah. What, what Is, yeah, I've heard some of those crazy stories from the Jets. Yeah. You know, my brother was the coordinator there, so Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So were they true? Yeah, A lot of 'em. Yes. Wow. Sorry.


Memes are producers, memes. Every time an article would come out about the Jets, he'd be like, this is completely made up. He'd just attack all the journalists. The jets are fine. Diana Rossini Florio, he'd go after all of them. Is there, yeah. Is there one? Unfortunately just between Sala and my brother, you know, there's some interesting stories Yeah. To Say. Yeah. Is there one reporter that if they call you're like, oh shit, this person's called, they must have something? Not really. I I, I, I feel like most people don't even reach out to me, so I kind of, I don't, I don't mess with that too much. Yeah. Alright. So when you guys draft and then you bring them in for mini camp, is there like a, do you have a feeling right away like, alright, we did this is good?


Or can like how quickly are you like, I think this is someone that was gonna be here for a long time versus we got some work to do? I think every situation's a little bit different because I know there's been some guys that we've gotten that you think this guy's gonna be a player and he, he fizzles out so, but you know, everybody learns at a little different rate and I hate to be just a blah answer, but I feel like that's really how it is. You gotta get 'em in and you know, a lot of these guys just haven't been exposed to what they're gonna be asked to do at this level or the, the type of system that we may have. So I think you gotta give these guys, you know, at least a year to figure it out.


Yeah. Alright. Off that is it, what would you say is more demanding for a college a, a guy getting drafted? Is it the physical side or the mental side of the NFL? I'd say both, But which one is more, if you had to say, Ooh. I mean, I would probably say the mental side because you're probably not drafting them if they physically can't do what you want 'em to do anyways. Right. So I think, and just, although the, the landscape of college has changed in terms of the length of these seasons now with, I mean some of these guys are playing 14, 14 games, 15 games. So it's just the season has gotten longer in college football and that's usually a big adjustment for guys coming to this level is, you know, you can, the rookie wall, that's a real thing.


Yeah. You can see just the energy that these guys have. So Yeah. But I, I think definitely the mental, When it comes to new draft pick, how often are you in touch with them on like a one-on-one basis? 'cause as a coach you have, you have a lot of jobs, you got a lot of stuff that you have to do. How much time do you carve out to like, meet with them one-on-one and give them specific instructions? For EI I'd, again, it depends on the situation. You know, I, I would try to spend a little bit of time with each guy as they're onboarding and getting a chance to know him throughout the course of the off season. But you're right, I mean we've got a big roster size, we got 90 guys in the off season, so it's impossible to spend as much time as you'd like with each guy.


Yeah. One thing I love about draft night is, is the first time that a coach makes the call to the guy that he's about to draft. And we always get to see those videos after the fact of that, you know, initial conversation that you're having. Do they have your number stored already and they know when you're calling them like, Hey this is the Green Bay Packers? No, I don't believe so. I think it just shows up that the area code shows up and it shows up as Green Bay and, but no, they definitely don't have our numbers. How, how many numbers do you have going into the draft? Well, I mean, we got a computer system, you just read the number and dial in the digits. It Just, all the players ready to go. He kind of talked down to you there. Yeah, but no, I'm saying you have to be able to come don't Don't have all these guys numbers to myself.


I'm Talking don't let 'em talk to you like that. You let talk to, you don't have to look at a screen, but where do you get the, I'm wondering how many numbers you, You have usually make the call. Oh, so you got we have a Guy, so that's beneath you got guy after That it's beneath you to dial a phone. No. Yeah. Okay. Maybe This is Gotcha. Journalism. Oh, alright. Well coach, I got one last question for


you. Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take,


so the draft is three days. At what point in the three days are you like enough already? Like I'm, I'm done sitting in this room. 'cause I feel like, or maybe you're, you're used to it just sitting in the room and eating, eating food, you know, take out every single day for three days in a row. Maybe that's something you're used to, but that's something we're used to. Are you built for it or are you like, you know, halfway through Friday you're like, all right, I'm, I'm ready to go. I want, I want my life back. Yeah. I mean there's a lot of downtime. You, you're talking about hours for a quick selection and then you're just waiting and the, the most brutal part of the draft process is watching all these players that you, you kind of fall in love with, get picked by other teams.


Yeah. So That, I mean it's, it's, it's kind of painful to sit there and watch all these guys fly off the board and then inevitably it happens almost every year where you're in a position where you, you got your target set on a guy and right before you picked he gets picked. So you gotta pivot and go to another guy. Yeah. You gotta get over it real fast. Do we'll send you some grizzler videos for the downtime. Yeah, Please do. That'll Be very occupied. I do actually have a lot of downtime where I can, I can figure out who the grizzler is. Do are you gonna like listen to any music on the way into work to get pumped up? No, I'm gonna listen to Pardon My Take. Oh, Okay.


That'll make you dumber like that. Yeah. That'll make you really dumb. Yeah. I'm gonna send you Riz. It Might actually make me feel good going into the draft process, right? That's true. That's true. That's what you guys told me. Yeah. Yep. I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get a grizzler like compilation and send it to you and then that way when like when your GM is looking over and being like, Hey coach, what do you think about this pick? And you just have the grizzler up, it's gonna be like, what the hell's going on? Yeah. You're gonna think much less of us after you watch two hours of the Rizz. I'm excited about the riz. The other thing I'm excited about, I gotta see this, this first pitch. Yeah. I'll Send you really talked this up. Great Late cutting action look like, look like Greg Maddox. Have you thrown the first pitch? I have never done that.


What? The brewers never had you out? I've never thrown the first. We were just talking about this the other day. Is it 'cause you're scared. I've never thrown out an open. You're scared to do it. Well now I'm gonna have to do it right? Yeah, Yeah. You're scared to do it. It's fine. It don't be scared. I've thrown th three first pitches. Do you think I'd get booed if I came to a Cubs game and throw out the first pitch? Yeah, probably. It would be fun though. But you should, that would actually be very fun actually. We should see if you could come to a Cubs game, throw out the first pitch. Have Ben Johnson in the box. He'll take you 400 feet. Maybe he can catch. Yeah. Yeah. I, I wanna see your first pitch now we gotta we gotta get this. You don't be scared. I know you're scared. That's A lot of Pressure.


I can tell you're scared. Don't be scared. It's not that hard. It's a lot of pressure. And Do you have to go from the rubber? I'm gonna say that right now. If you don't go from the rubber, I will judge you. Yeah, of course. There's a lot of guys who don't. There's a lot of guys who step up. No, I, I'm, I'm throwing from the mound. Okay. Alright, good. I got one last, last thing for you. Are you guys playing in Ireland this year? That's a great question. I can't wait to find out. Oh, You don't know. Yeah. Yeah you are. I promise you. I promise you. I do not know. I promise you I feel like they should tell you about the international games a little bit sooner, right? Well we knew last year we had a pretty good indication that we were playing Philly and Brazil, but on this one we're kind of in the dark right now and just kinda waiting.


I know it's a possibility Because I've read Packer Steelers in Dublin, Ireland. Oh wow. That would be fun. I think. I'm sure they're waiting on Aaron Rogers whether or not that's true. You can't get rid of this guy. Yeah. He's holding up your life still. Somehow If he goes to Pittsburgh then I'm sure we'll probably be there. That's so perfect that it just all leads back to Aaron's decisions. You just another off season waiting for Aaron's decision. He Misses that culture though man. Congrats On the culture. Yeah. Hey. Oh, we'll take pride in that. Alright, thanks so much coach. Take Care. All right guys. Alright, take care.


Matt LeFlore was brought to you by NASCAR Talladega Super Speedway is NASCAR's biggest, baddest track delivering heart pounding action pack racing thrills keeps drivers three wide and bumper to bumper 200 miles per hour. Playoff implications are on the line making every lap more intense. Unpredictable finishes mean anyone can take the checkered flag. At Talladega, the fan experience is unmatched. You got camping tailgating. The electric infield energy tickets are selling fast. So secure your spot now at NASCAR dot com.


FAQs are also brought to you by Barstool Golf Time. Yep. You, you can hear the smile on my face 'cause it's golf season and this golf season. If you're looking for an easier way to get in the course, we've got you covered because the Barstool Golf Time app makes it easy for golfers to find the best tee times at the best prices. Stop searching all over Google for your next tee time or going through the hassle of calling courses. You can search multiple courses in your area from one app and get your tee time set within seconds. There's nothing better than that thought of like, Hey, should we play some golf? Finding a place going on the parcel golf time app, booking a place and then you're pumped up until the, the time to tee off comes with action. Yeah. According to Hank, the, the only other part that's almost as good as golf about golf is getting ready to play golf and thinking about playing golf. Yeah. I mean, everyone, everyone that's listening to this knows, like, you book a tee time, your mood goes up and you have, you have something to live for. Yeah. Honestly, I mean, you got any more of that golf? Yeah. Literally with every action you take in the app, you can earn reward point or you do earn reward points, which can be redeemed for the merch in the Barcel store. We just relaunched the rewards experience in the app. There's more items from the Barsol store to choose from and now you have more flexibility with your points. You can use reward points as credit to any item in the collection, or you can bundle and use points on multiple items. Spring us finally here. So come golf with us. Download the Barcel Golf Time app today.


Okay. FAQ's time. Hank. Let's wrap it up. Wrap it up. He's He's lost. Yeah, He's lost. That's okay. He'll get there. He'll Get there. Come on sweetie. You got this. You're good. Well, I, I'm sorry I You did you, there's no way you would've be able to plan for the FAQs coming up. I have 'em right here. Come on sweetie. Hey there. Big Cat. PFT and the guy who literally can't get the lottery ball. Oh. If you had to follow Wendy's rule of five dinner, what? Four recurring guests would you invite? Dead or alive? Oh, Rest In peace. Tommy Lasorda. Ooh, this is good. Good question. Hmm.


Are we doing this as a team or is it your personal? I think we gotta do it as a team. Jeannie Bouchard. I think we gotta do it as a team. All right. Bonk. Put it on the bonk list. Paige Nik Bon List. Alright. Fauci. Fauci. John Cena. This is Tough. And Dak This is tough. Yeah, this is because You don't wanna do, you wanna do guests that would normally not mix? So like you wouldn't want to have, I, I love Illa and SVP but if you brought both them, it's like okay, they're just gonna talk about, you know, their show and their history.


Like I want to have, I wanna have all other four people be introduced for the first time with each other. It, It might be Matt Damon. It might, yeah, he, he'd be fun. I, it might be recency bias, but I think that Bill Rry would be a great dinner Guest. Oh great. Call Bill Raftery and Waka Flocka Flame. Those are my first two. Have we had Waka Flocka flame on the Show? We didn't. No. I thought that we Did. He was at beer games. Yes he did. Yes, did. Oh he did? Yeah. He talked about the deaf Sign language. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. We flag flags. J-O-C-J-O-C-J-O-C. Bill Rafter is a really good one too. Hmm. Dead or alive.


You said Tiffany Goma could pick Bill Walton. Bill Walton would be great. Bill Walton would be awesome. Bill Walton and then John Cena is, you could just leave a chair open. It's true. Yeah. That's a good question though. It's so hard. Like what would be the best? We should make a graphic where it's like pick Maybe Mel Rushmore. No, I'm, oh that we've done that and it hurt. It Hurt a lot of people. Feelings Saying no know is recurring guests. You were about to pick Jules this time, right? It's pick. Yeah, before we stopped it. It's pick, it's for a dinner party. Right. But I would like to see what the aws Oh, I got the last one. What? Joey Chestnut. Oh, little dinner and show You get to pay a lot.


Yeah, I would, we should do the, the meme where it's like you get to pick someone at your lunch table and it's like different categories. So you could put like s you gotta pick one of SVP Silla Herb Street or whatever, you know, and then it's basketball players and it's, so let's Do that. The vending machine should have SVP next to it. Yeah. Yeah. Big Cat Just, Yeah. Okay. Who in the crew would you trust most to babysit your kids for a weekend? Oh boy. Oh boy. Uncle PF T's getting ready to buy some beers.


Oh boy. I, I weirdly, I weirdly might say max one. Yeah, I maybe either you would be two PFT, you're one or two PFT. It's either you or Max. That's a guarantee. I think I would be respectful. No, no I think you'd be very good. It's not you, you sometimes forget things I do. So that that might, it was more that I don't, it's not a knock on you in terms of Be there. Wasn't there a girl? Right. Yeah. It'd be like there's a girl one around here. So it'd be your max one or two Max would be maybe remember things more. I think you'd be more fun then Hank three just 'cause I think he would take it very serious.


I don't know though. Hank would've to golf. There might be a lot of texts like what's, where's the bottle? Memes. My kids would just watch TV all weekend. They wouldn't do shit. Yep. Is that fair Beams? No, we, we'd do stuff Like what? I dunno. Go to the park. Okay. Kick ball. All right. Ball. I, I think the kids would love having memes come up. He'd come in with like six televisions. Yeah. So many dbs Shane by far last p you'd be in there. So I'm gonna go final answer. PFT one, max two. Then we're gonna go like draft like McShay did PFT max one, one and two. So, so I'll say Pft one, max two.


Those are my blue chippers. Then there's a big drop off Hank. Then there's a really big drop off pug memes. Then there's enormous drop off. Shit. Jack's not even in, in the equation. Jack and I are beefing right now. Okay. I walked out and it smelled like shit in the kitchen. And I was like, why does this smell like, like fish again? And Dotie was like, it smells like beef. And Jack was playing ping pong. He plays ping pong. He's actually a professional ping pong player. That's all he does every day. Is he? Yeah. He plays all the time. He hasn't even come. Sniffed beating Me and Jack just out of nowhere just goes, I don't think it smells that bad.


And I just turned him and said, Jack, listen, your only jobs here are to play ping pong and agree with everything I say. And he's like, okay. And then he went back to playing P Pong. Any smell can smell disgusting if you're not ready for it. Yeah. It was a new smell that I came out. Yeah. He had been baked in it Jack. Unexpected smells. It could be a, a gourmet steak. And if you're not, if you don't see it coming, you're like, what died in here? Yeah. Jack, do you think you could babysit my kids If you asked me to? Yes. Okay. But what about you going out with the cool kid club here? We're Gonna talk. I would take a day off. Okay. One day. That's this dude, the question was a weekend. As Long as you Need. All right. So Jack Jack's above Shane.


Hank, were you upset with that ranking? Yeah. Why you thought you should be ahead of Max and PFT. I don't know what Max has that that is Responsible to me. Girlfriend. I don't know. Dog. Okay. Get a dog. The dog is you. What do you have? Spiders. Not anymore. So you, you, you let your spiders die. The dog is still alive. The dog is still alive. I think if you had a dog you'd be up there. It's just like having a dog I think puts you immediately. You're halfway there. You are a dog. Okay. Yeah. You are a dog. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Did any of you guys go into an interview with little to no expectations and come out of it really liking or having a newfound respect for the guest?


The Tony Hale interview you did a few years ago back did that very thing for me. Hmm. Tony Hale. Oh yeah, yeah. Buster Blue. Yep. I liked him. I would say, I mean JOC. Yeah. JCJC is the number one. JOC is the easy number one. JOC is the number one. We didn't even want to take the interview and they were like, come on, he's good. And we're like, all right, fine. And then it became our best friend. We were like, wait, that's the guy that's married to Rebecca Roma. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe we can meet her. Maybe he will give us some pictures. Yeah. Has there been any other, 'cause we always say JOCI Really liked Julius Randall. Yes. Didn't I? What to ju expect from that Pao? I liked Pao Lot was good. I mean, old school Joe Buck, like we, I think we always thought we would get along with Joe Buck, but it was, you know, who knows?


'cause we didn't know if the, if he was gonna be like the best and he was the best. I thought that Chris Long was a piece of shit until he was on the show. Yeah. And I was like, ah. I kinda respect him. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to think if there's any others. Hank, can you think of any others? Gary Busey. Gary Busey was very fun. Tom Ferelli. I thought he was a piece of shit. Martin Ley still Might be. Well 'cause he stole all the takes from Hank. Yeah. He's stealing everything from Hank Prisco's a prickly one that I think I Exactly what I expected. Yeah. But I think we're the only ones who like him. Yeah. Like I don't think anyone likes listening to him. Yep. We just like listening to him.


Which guess what? It's our show. Yeah. You come up with your own show then you, then you and you could ban Pete Briscoe. I mean another one would be Max Oma. We just knew Max as like a like Yeah. Quirky online guy. But we didn't know him personally. True. The first time that we had him on, like, he had, he had I think talked to us via dms. Like he played War Zone with Hank. He and I had DMed a few times but we didn't know, we didn't know each other. He came on the show And we were like, yeah, love this guy Brooks. Yeah. Brooks. Brooks is the first interview we did with Brooks. We we were like, I, I can't remember. I got connected with one of his guys and he was like, Hey, you ever want Brooks on? We're like, I guess we'll go do it. 'cause they were playing at the, was it the US Open? Yeah. No, it was the PGA US Open. It Was the US Open and we're like, yeah, we'll go interview him.


And then we're like, shit, we love this guy. And then he ended up winning more and coming on all the time. So that was definitely one. Yep. I thought it would be a one and done. And it's become a, someday we should Relationship. We should get everyone like the day that we end this podcast. Hopefully many years from now. But how many of these guys you think we can get in one room would be pretty cool. Would be just have 'em all together. Alright. Is that it? Yeah. Good job. Thanks. Great Job, Hank. You think you should have been two or one? No, no. I, I respect your, your judgment. Do you think you could take care of kids for an entire weekend? No. Right, but Max like Better than I just, I I Max is like a, he's like, he's basically Santa 24 7.


He is, he's he's a jolly big guy with a beard. Yeah. Like kids like that. I mean I, I've said it on this show. My kids are obsessed with when his, I show him every time Max's butt comes out, which is a lot. His butt crack and they always are like, he an asshole. My dad, my daughter's like, can I see Max's butt? And he like, max is the funny guy. He is got a butt that comes out. Yeah. It's fair work to be done. Work to be done. You're not gonna do anything. Yeah. Tip find your, find your inner parent on the golf course work to be done. Alright. You've got a few girls that call you daddy though? Nope.


You're not a father but kind of. Nope. That was the fastest. Nope. Ever. Oh. All right. Good. Show boys Numbers. Three 70. Oh no. 17. 77. 37. Nine nine. Pug. Oh, you weren't on pug. You're on 99. P 44 Is the day. Nope. 94. Not today is the day. Do you wanna go one more memes? Yeah, Let's go. One More numbers three. I said It, I Said it.


I think I said it. I said it. I think I said it. 61 77. 1799 book. If we both get it, 24. Well we both can't get it. I have 17. What were you saying? Today's the day. Today's the day. Oh hundred. Nobody got it. You are So you couldn't be further away memes. I, I had a dream that one of you guys took three and got it. And all the computers in front of me were broken. How did they break From me? Oh, okay. The podcast was safe. You left that part out of the dream.


The podcast was safe. Oh, love you guys.