
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. It is Championship Sunday. Recap. We have the NSC Championship game. Max is heading to the Super Bowl. We have the a FC championship game. The Chiefs are back in the Super Bowl. We have a rematch. We're gonna break down both games. We're also gonna talk some coach hirings, some shocking news that happened since we last recorded. We have who's back of the week. It's one of our last Monday, football Monday shows of the year.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. And this ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59, getting on the action at DraftKings Sports Booking. Official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the Vince Lombardi trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at DraftKings Sportsbook The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app and Make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. This is the big one. So download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football, who like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football, they try to avoid me because I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, football. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use code take.


That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sports book. The Crown is yours. Today is Monday, January 27th and it is Championship Sunday. What, what? Who's going to lift the Lombardi trophy? What Fumble, fumble. Fumble. Wha We starred in Philadelphia where Saquon Charles Barkley was the round mound of touchdowns opening the scoring after some terrible tackling by the commanders. And like my good friend, max Saquon was obviously winded at the end of the runs, breathing heavily and having big pants also like Max Saquon flew and popped twice up the giant gut and rolled into the end zone, making Washington go belly up.


The story of this game was, turnovers not the ones Max eats fat. And much like Max in the bathtub washing ton struggled to clean up their game. As the Eagles continued to pound the rock, they began to tip the scales and put up a huge number Max. Ultimately it was a great season for the Commanders, but much like Max Washington fans have to admit, even though they took one on the Chins, being a good football team was worth the huge weight. As for the Eagles, just like when Max has ice cream, they go for the Super Bowl. I mean, this is, this is ridiculous. I'm trying to cheer, what the fuck? I'm trying to cheer up my friend Ft. This is pussy shit. I'm trying to, I were losing this. Wouldn't be doing all the, I'm trying to cheer up my friend.


PFT. Boom. Boom. Did did you Hear about the Washington commanders li the, the defensive players for the Commanders? When I told there was some, there were some bad lbs. Oh, like When I told Max I was gonna write this Boomer, I said, I'm gonna cheer up. I'm gonna cheer up my good friend. PFT. Let me finish it. Max. As for the Eagles, just like when Max has ice cream, they go for the Super Bowl. We're all, you're the one who eats ice cream. Some On the plat fatty. This is my Boomer Eagles. 55 commanders. 23. You played really well. Teach also, Also, boom, they, they're Very excited about getting to the licks. Oh, We go to Kansas City for our annual coronation of Patrick Mahomes as the bills come into town with the wagon circle.


And after a quick three out, the Chiefs get the ball and proceed to March 90 yards with Kareem, with me, Kareem For the Kareem for the left. Kareem for the TAs hunt set Aerosmith Stadium. A blaze buffalo responded to take the lead as Edgar James almost cook stood and delivered a score of his own. Xavier tears worthy had another grande weekend teaming up with Patrick Mahomes in a deep cut. And then Mahomes ran one in for section celebrated with a worst attempted spike since Bill Crosby. But the bills needed to cut it to a one score game before halftime. As Josh Allen dropped back, back, back, back, back, back, back. And found Mack, Mack, Mack, Mac, Mac Mack Holland's cutting this lead to five before the break.


The second half started like the bachelor party that Max will be invited to as the bills kept rolling. But the big man refused to get TD fucked. Buffalo did their best impression of Patrick Mahome Sr. Putting together another wild drive before blowing two points. This game was drunk folks. And somehow Kansas City's offense stone out giving buffalo the ball back with the lead, huh? And on fork down in a touching tribute to William Jefferson Clinton's penis, the bill's got a bad spot. Now the tee sets the ball at Patrick Oppenheimer said, now I'm become deaf, destroy our world. And the buffalo ties it up. And Harrison, I like big buck's response by turning into Sir Kicks a lot, splitting the uprights like a thong.


And now the bill's took a shot down field on fork down. And Dalton next of kin Cade has been notified that their season is once again dead. And when they die, they die nasty As a Chiefs look to make it three Super Bowl championships in a row, winning 32 to 29. And that was Fastest. Two minutes presented by Chevy.


Fastest. Two minutes presented by our good friends at Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability into the Silverado Trail. Boss so you could pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer Saturday and Sunday with the truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips, DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was a perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. Recently, they helped us give fullbacks of recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award and the Silverado Trail Boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 pounds of torque. Plus the Trail Boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado brings the grit, then pairs it with all the latest truck tech inside and out the result, A truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with a store to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive.


Okay. Championship Sunday in the book Super Bowl 59 is set. Eagles verse Chiefs rematch of Super Bowl 57. But we gotta talk about the games first and then we'll, we'll do some, some early thoughts on the Super Bowl. Let's start with Eagles. 55 Commanders. 23 PFT. I gotta take some medicine. That sucked. I gotta take some medicine. We got our ass kicked. It was an ass kicking the fumbles really? What, what caused the game to be such a blowout? But it, it didn't really feel like I got bad vibes from that first defensive snap of the game when Saquon Barkley was one of my key to the games.


It was not letting Saquon Barkley score long touchdowns. Yeah. And he scored a long touchdown right when he got the ball. The defense played pretty poorly today. Offense with the fumbles, it was an ass kicking. And I will admit that it was easier to come back against Kenny, you Pickett when we're down a similar amount that was, that Was in The game. That was easy. He got in the game late. It was easier to come back against him and that offense. Jalen Hurtz played awesome today. Played really, really good. Sequent. Barkley's a beast. Dickerson is a tough motherfucker. Cam Jergen's tough motherfucker on their offensive line. Yep. Credit to them. I, I hear a lot of people talking about big picture that that's the words of comfort that people are giving me to me right now is like, well, think about the, I don't want to think about the big picture right now.


The big picture. Who cares about the big picture? I'm standing too close to the painting to worry about the big picture. Big picture. That's, that's a conversation for another day. It's off season. Like I just watched Friday Night Lights yesterday. The movie Big picture. Yeah. You could say Billingsley has a cool ass dad that loves to party. Big picture. Booby Miles has twins that he loves very much. I don't care about big I I care about what happened today. And what happened today was ass kicking. We're very close to the Super Bowl one game away. But then once that game started, it did not feel like we were very close to the Super Bowl. Yeah, Jayden played awesome. I thought he played great. We're not counting that last interception. You, you actually Said it before. You're like, we're not counting these. If he throws a pick on this last drive, it doesn't count. I I agree with that. Yeah. Yeah.


It counts for Quin Mitchell. That was a great interception by him. It was. But that doesn't go against Jayden's stats in my book. Yeah, it was just, it was an as kicking the offense moved the ball pretty good. But when we did move the ball, we'd give it up on a fumble or it was, the fourth downs were looking good too. Right off the bat. That initial drive that we took down the field, we only came away with three. But it felt like a good drive to set the tone, hang onto the football, control the clock, just manage, take what they give you. And you know, then the Eagles went up and then it felt like we were never really in a position where it felt like it could be real. Yeah. So it sucks. It sucks to lose. This is like, this is a new feeling for me because it's, it sucks to lose a lot of games, but it also does suck to be close to going to a Super Bowl and then losing that.


'cause nothing is guaranteed. Dan Marino got to a Super Bowl his second year and he was like, I'll be back to plenty of these. Not necessarily the case. I think he made it back to two a FC championship games after that and lost both of those. So when you're this close, it sucks. But that said, I, I do realize that we've got a great quarterback, we've got, in my opinion, a great head coach for this moment. And Adam Peters a great gm. And also I will admit that Max was right when I didn't say shut the fuck up, Hank when I didn't say fuck. Yeah, he was, but I think we all knew that. I think the, the win horse fingers. Yeah. We knew by your reaction that it there was it was probably true. Yeah.


So my off season, I'm trying to figure out levels of cope, levels of cope after this game. I'm not gonna stoop to the levels of certain people. I'm not going to just say I blame the refs. I saw a lot of that going on. A lot of the Eagles are seven and oh, when Sean Hockley refs their games, we got our ass kicked. We, they hung 55 points on us. That was na I'm not gonna blame that on the refs. Conference championship, record Conference, championship record Also tied the most rushing touchdowns. Yeah. It was bad. It was an as kicking. It was an ass kicking a across the board. Our defense didn't play well at all. Latimore didn't play well. Mike Sand still didn't play well. Nobody, I mean, maybe Jonathan Allen had a decent game.


It was just bad. It was a, it was a bad thing to experience. But, you know, maybe we'll get better. My off season is gonna be spent just scouring top 10 quarterback lists. I think that's how I'll, I'll go and if I'm dissatisfied with where people put Jaden Daniels, I'll get really mad at that. I feel like that's something I'm gonna be focusing in on. That's a good Use of your energy. Also Great performance by Max today. Sitting next to him on the couch, she spat on me like seven times accidentally hit me in my eyeball. Yeah, that one was row. That that one was row. It was, it was hell. It was hell sitting between Row similar to Jalen Carter. Similar. Very similar. Yeah. But I actually think Max, I wrote down as a note, like you should get to Poke Max in the eye.


Yeah. Listen, I like, he should come in here right now and you should poke him directly in the Eye. I wish he had hit me in both eyes so we didn't have to see the ass kicking. It's very rare that you can see yourself getting your ass kicked. Yeah, it was, it, it was a tough game for the commanders. I mean the four turnovers or, or three turnovers. The three fumbles were very bad. But I, I don't think that it was, obviously they're significant, but also the Eagles offense was just running down your throat and Jalen Hertz was awesome. He that the game I I feel like came down to that fourth and five shot, played AJ Brown. 'cause that was a, I think a 20 to 12 game at the moment at the time. And he makes that throw perfect throw.


And he was doing everything. Saquon was doing everything. And the Eagles defense is, is fucking good because it, it's as much as like Jayden played. Well, it also, everything was more difficult for the commanders. Even that first drive. It was like 14 plays. You got three and you did that a few times where it's like you get three, you get three instead of seven. And you just can't do that against a team like the Eagles with the way they were playing on offense. It was way more difficult for us when we had the ball for sure. And yeah, the turnover sucked. That was No, the s were very Turnover are significant time, but also at the same time, they turned those turnovers into touchdowns. Right. And that's what made it so difficult to come back from. Yeah. And so yeah. At least we still have the Hard Rock. You still have the Hard Rock. That's, that's Commander's territory.


Can you play that guy? The, the that guy's video. So for people who missed it, the Commander's commander fan meetup at the Hard Rock in Philly last night. Philly Iconic space in Philadelphia. It, Yeah, it's, everyone knows I, I saw a lot of Philly people being like, I don't even know where the fuck this is. But the Hard Rock has fallen. And this guy's speech was, was so funny because it really was like what I would imagine they said once they stormed the beaches of Normandy and they, and they finally got like the, you know, they, they got control of France. They, they entered into France. This is almost exactly what it was like when they got the Hard Rock last night. All right. Play it Guys for coming out here tonight and fucking represent it.


Right. Excuse my language, but what we want you tonight, we did Place, The Hard Rock has fallen. We wanted to have a safe space for all of us to be tonight. And that's what we did. I love each and every one of you guys. Seriously. We came out to be safe. We came out to make, do me a favor, you take care of all these people at the Hard Rock. Yeah. Good guy. I Love it. Yeah. Place. He does seem like a genuinely good guy. And it's more just the, the funness is more just the fact that it was the Hard rock. Yeah. And they're like, we came out here to accomplish This Getting, you know, and you Deserve this. And you observed that 50 simultaneous reservations at the Hard Rock.


Shout out, shout out Open table. We did it. That Guy, that guy sounds a lot like Obama. It's not Obama. He's like, good evening. Tonight I can report to the American people and to the world that the Washington commanders have conducted an operation that fully compromised the Hard Rock Cafe. Oh no. Were they giving him shit on the way out or were they saying great tailgate at the Hard Rock Guy took over the hard rock, the Hard rock, The rocky Steps, The Hard Rock. This is what you think about. He's a good rock. Great job. The Hard Rock Cafe buddy them. Oh no. Funny them, it's so funny that it was the Hard Rock Cafe and I, I think they, they went for the weakness.


They went, they, they figured out that if Philadelphia has one weakness, it's that you can probably get a shit load of reservations on a Saturday night before the NFC championship game at the Hard Rock Downtown at the Rock. That's the one. Yeah. That's the one area of weakness that you guys have. Yeah. Th that speech probably happens across America before every football game. Yeah. Every weekend. Like opposing fans coming to town. This guy was just unfortunate enough that it was videotaped and put out there as like a motivational thing. And then it was 55, 23. Yeah. It's, I I like to imagine like, what, what's the guy's name tailgate something? He had it on his back. Anyway. I like, I like to imagine this guy this week, like sitting around tailgate Teddy, I think sitting around with like war maps out being like, should we go for the Applebee's?


What about the chilies? No sir. We've done some advanced scouting and the Hard Rock is weak. We can get into the Hard Rock. I've seen some vulnerabilities we can Take over the Hard Rock. Yeah. The We've, we've scouted it out. We've, we've had, we've had advanced scouts at the Hard Rock all week seeing, you know, testing their patterns and everything. I love that because for a moment when I felt like the commanders might win the game. Right. Basically right after kickoff. Yeah. I just thought about how that Hard Rock will always forever be known as a Washington Commanders watering hole, the hard rock. And it'll just be like the Hard Rock has fallen a place that you have to, you have to make a trip to whenever you're in Philly. Like it's Mecca. Yeah. But yeah, listen, I no excuses. It was an ass kicking. We got a a, a rental defense full of a bunch of one year guys.


It's gonna be a different team next year. They were playing better than they did at the start of the year. But yeah, the defense was, was not good today. It's tough. Before we talk about the Eagles and let Max bathe in the glory here, I also wanna say, shout out Frankie Lou Vu for letting us all know that a rule exists that I didn't know existed until today. It's called the Palpably Unfair Act. And apparently if you just do the, if you, if you intentionally get a penalty over and over the ref condition, award a touchdown to the other team. So there was a moment in the third quarter, I believe, where the Eagles were on the goal line and they were trying to push push and Frankie Lvu kept on jumping over the line trying to tackle Jalen Hertz and getting an offsides penalty.


And the ref said, this is a warning for a probably unfair act. And if they continue to do it, we'll award the Eagles a touchdown. I had no idea. Florio obviously was all over it. I guess it's been a rule since 1942. It's so like if, if Mike Tomlin had stepped onto the field Yeah. And tackled the Ravens returner on his way into the end zone. Yeah. Then you could award it like in, in rugby they have, it's called a penalty try. Yeah. That they do actually a lot. Yeah. They, I I think they, he also noted like there was a game maybe last year where a team was jumping off sides over and over for a field goal Try. Yeah. So they could just give you the points, which I had no idea. That's kind of, it's kind of crazy. The ref could just say that I kind of wish they had just ruled it a touchdown because if they had ruled it a touchdown, then I could be like, the fucking refs gave you guys six points.


Stay woke, stay woke. They obviously basically educated America on the palpably unfair Act rule right before they use it for the Chiefs in the Super Bowl. Yeah. Good call. I Call that. I mean that's, they're gonna use it for the Chiefs and we're all gonna be like, wait. Oh yeah. That is a rule. It's been around since 1942. Yeah. You're gonna look at the guy that's next to you at the Super Bowl party that doesn't know the palpably unfair rule. That's, that's a rule I wish I could hear John Madden pronounce. Yeah, that would be great. I It's an act. It's not even a rule. It's an act. Yeah. It's A probably unfair act. That was what Frankie Lvu was doing. I Would also like to announce that this game, I will not allow it to turn me into an anti toch push guy. Okay. Because the, that's big of view, the TCH push, it's a play, it's a football play.


If you wanna stop it then stop it. Don't stop it by taking out. You can run it too. Yeah. Like anybody can do it. I saw a lot of people that were pissed off about the push push. We didn't lose the game because of Thet push. We didn't lose the game because of the referees. We lost the game because Philadelphia played very, very good on defense and they played excellently on office. Yeah. Hertz had an incredible game today. And that throw to AJ Brown, that kind of felt like it, it stopped whatever momentum that we had. Yeah. It was a perfect throw. It was a perfect throw. And, and yeah, Vic Fangio is an incredible defensive coordinator. It was very clear from the jump that their entire game plan was, let's just take away, we're gonna take away Ja Jaden Daniel's first read and make him go through his progressions, which he's able to do obviously.


But you could see the explosiveness wasn't there for the Washington offense because it was a lot of shorter passes that, you know, you had to go 14 play drive to get three. And Vic Fangio is just, I mean he's a great defensive coordinator and you know, dialing up blitzes when he had to, they were able to keep like, they played really sound defense in keeping Jaden Daniels in the pocket as well. Like, it didn't feel like he had, he had a couple of those big runs. I, there was one that I can really think of. But for the most part they did a really good job of making sure that he wasn't able to just completely gash him with his legs. Yeah. They did a very good job. And congrats Max. Congrats Hank. Hank. How do you feel your birds are going to the Super Bowl?


You, you actually, I think were the closest to having the correct score. Yeah. Had it as a blowout. So it was gonna be a blowout. It was a blowout. I feel good. I don't feel as good after the Chiefs win. I kind of, I just stuck in between a rock and a hard place. But, you know, if it wasn't for the fumbles, it could have been a closer game. I don't think the commanders played as badly as, as you're, you're kind of saying PFT but the fumbles made it an impossible to win. No, our the commanders need to play their Offense play bad. Their defense played awful. Yeah. I mean they're the Yeah, the first Game seven rushing touchdowns is, is pretty hard to come, come back from. And a lot of bad penalties that gave them the ball in, in scoring positions. So it was, yeah. The defense played very poor. I, I don't think the offense played bad at all.


I give the offense a b grade. The Eagles went two 30 passing, 2 29 rushing. I mean and that's, that's as, that's as like sound of a game as you can possibly have 459 total yards. And it did feel like whenever they had the ball, they were just gonna go right down the field. Max, I have some things to say about Nick Sirianni. Would you like to hear them? I would love to hear them. Okay. So Nick Ciani as a head coach, this is his fourth season. He's the first head coach to win the NFC two out of his first four years in the last 40 years. No other coach has done that. He's 48 and 20 all time, which is the highest winning percentage of any active head coach.


7 0 6 winning percentage. He's five and three in the playoffs. He's made the playoff playoffs all four years. People obviously be like, well yeah, he's had a super team. I mean the first year they were nine and eight. They weren't a super team. Like he went to the Super Bowl his second year last year. It felt like everything was kind of falling apart at the end of the season. Comes into this year since September, they have not lost the game that Jalen Hart's, Jalen Hart started and finished and was healthy since September 29th. So that's a long ass time. I think that was week four against the Bucks. And he's done all of this while being like maybe having like a mental issue and very Italian, No mental issue that that was an unnecessary, he's A little crazy.


Tried to Run, run crazy. You tried to run him out town last year. I dunno what you're talking about. He's a little emotionally unstable. I'm saying this is all credit to him. Like he's and he is coaching Italian. Coaching Italian. That's a hard thing to do. Coaching Italian. You're a fiery Guy. No. Yeah. That's a positive. Coaching Italian is a good thing Coaching, but it can also be a negative sometimes. Vince Lombardi. Yeah, true. Ever heard of him? Coaching Italian is, is hard to do. You're thinking of other Italians. Steve Spagnolo. Yeah. Great Head Coach. Great head coach, Great coordinator. Not, I would say coaching Italian is is difficult. It's credit. Credit to Sirianni. Yep. He's coaching very Italian. Yeah. No he is good.


He's Great. Alright. So yeah, Sirianni is, is has proven that he's one of the best coaches in in the NFL. It is crazy that I think at the beginning of this season he was on a hot seat, but with the way last year ended, it's not like there's still some context, but he completely rebounded off, off of the debacle of the end of last season. This team is really fucking good. And like I said, they haven't lost a game with Jalen Hertz healthy since September 29th and they're going to another Super Bowl two out of his first four years as a head coach. He's a awesome, awesome head coach and he deserves a lot of credit. And Jalen Hurts deserves a lot of credit too because he has had games where it hasn't looked pretty.


This is another big game where he came up big and he was awesome today with his legs and I mean, he's injured and he was throwing the ball. Well and if you're gonna say like Jalen Hurts isn't a good qb, then you should have to give more credit to Nick Sirianni. Right. You can't have it both ways. I'm talking about the haters. Siri The haters can say any, yeah. The Haters can't say anything, but I'm just pointing out that like, if your argument is Jalen Hurts is not, is like not great, it's like well then Nick Siri's the best coach ever. No. Or Jalen Hurts is really good. And Nick Cii is also really good, which is what I believe. No, I mean j Jalen hurts. I I I knew he was gonna have a a good game today. He always does that. Why are You mad about that? Yeah, he's angry at the, at the haters.


I am angry at the haters. I have a list of the haters. Oh Yeah, you I told you make make sure you compile A list. You know what we should do at the super? We should make max available for media interviews. Yeah. Like if if other, if other shows want to interview Max. Yes, Yes. We'll we'll screen 'em. Yep. But we'll I won't do a good job with those. He can go on any show. Yep. I won't do a good job with that. Those okay. I want you going up and down Radio Row. Yeah. Put 'em on Radio Row. Yeah. Alright. Going on table. We figure out How to do it. I have six people on my bad list and then two people are on, on a good list. Oh, I do have two. Good. Hank Hank Hank's looking to Be. Yeah. While you're doing the fingers Put on he, he wants to be on the good list. Yeah. You Hank came, Hank can be on the good list. So that's Three people. I'll add Hank to the good list.


Okay. I also don't have, there's no references here. It was just, I was, I was throughout the week going through Twitter and like watching different things and then just putting people on name on the list. I don't remember what any of them said. Okay. Okay. That's fair. So don't ask don't ask me that. Yeah, that's Fair. Bad list. Mike Greenberg. What'd he say? Don't know Chris Sims. Chris Sims said a lot of shit. Okay. Chase Daniel. Okay. Co-host of Diana Rossini I think, right? Yep. Yep. Yes. That's the name of the podcast. It's co Yeah, That's, it's called Diana Rossini. No, it's, It's actually just called co-host of Diana Rossini. Alex Smith. Kurt Ben.


Kurt. Okay. And Nick Wright. Okay. All bad. All bad. Good. Dan Orlowski. Yep. He, He told everyone that there were pieces of shit for saying that Jalen hurts stinks. And he said that jail Good. He didn't say shit though. He said piece probably pieces. Pieces of, of turd. Yeah. I don't think, yeah, he basically just said that was good. Yeah. And Craig Carton. Craig Carton also was, was backing up the Eagles. So those are my two good guy lists and my six bad guy list. I don't know any of the context for any of these people, but that's it. I get it. I get it. They probably said something like, I don't know if Jalen Hurts has what it takes to win this football game. Yeah. No. Oh, there was a lot of Jalen Hurtz is not a Super Bowl winning quarterback, which really pissed me off. Well he is not. Not yet. Well he Got let out today. Yeah. He said Siri finally let me out.


Yeah. Let him off the leash. Well, yeah, I mean he was last week. Last week was a snow game. It's hard for any quarterback to be good in the snow game. And he was hurt and now he's he's got a little confidence. We're going back to the Super Bowl. He had, he had his best game of his career against Patrick Mahomes in the Super Bowl. He's gotta do it again. Okay, so how, talk to us about the game. I mean the, you you, you almost passed out watching this game. Yeah. That was bad. That was, that was like this a big wake up moment. In that case. This a, it is a Positive pass out. Some people are saying that you wait, what? Exactly. You don't go, what was the pass out play? It was the fumble. On the kickoff. He got up too fast and, and got Excited And screamed and then spit on PFT and then held his head.


'cause he was like, oh my god, I almost passed out. Some people are saying you don't go all the way because like they're, the Eagles players are out there, blood and guts puking, just trying their hardest. And you're worried about passing out. I was very close to passing out. You should have just passed out. I was very close to passing out. Mom, I know you're listening to this. I'm gonna work on it. I'm sorry. 'cause she's definitely gonna be very upset that that, that I almost passed out. She's gonna wish you had passed out. Yeah. Were any of the things I said in the boomers true? I No. Okay. Max, you got a dog to live for now. You can't be passed out. Great. Great. Breaking news, breaking news, breaking News, name Breaking moves.


Nola. Nola was the name Paw was the given Name. I was really hoping that dog was gonna be a jinx that he got a dog named Nola two days before the, the game to send you to Nola. Yeah, no, that, that was, that was bizarre. Wait, so you got A dog Also? I did get a dog. So for the haters that say, hey dogs, Is she okay? Eat you.


Shout out, shout out. Pause. I should say right now we had the ad anyway but still Blue Coffee we give, we're, we're actually going to pause on Wednesday to, to help out And we also donate a bunch of money every quarter to pause. So if you go buy still Blue Coffee, it's going to dogs that are homeless and get saved by the maxes of the world. So, and also here's the, here's the deal. We got the best part. Sign up for still Blue Coffee subscription before January 31st and get 20% off your first four orders. Free shipping and a chance to win one of 10 Ninja dual Bru Pro coffee systems. So sign up before Friday and you get 20% off your first four orders. Free shipping and a, a chance to win one of 10 Ninja Dual Brew Pro coffee system. Go subscribe today. Still blue coffee.com. Save dogs in dollars all year long. So sign up with that subscription. K-Cups, whole Beans grounds everything. Sell blue coffee.com.


Alright, so you got a dog Noah from Pause, shout out. Pause. Shout out. Pause, pause. Made it very easy. It was a very good, they're the best, you know, interaction. They brought me in the dog and made it seamless. Got me out the in and out the door really quickly. And you know, Also, I just wanna say Pause does do screening. So you like they did screen max before. I know that people are gonna be like, what kind of operation is Paw if they're letting Max walk out with a dog? They called me and they asked for like, they basically talked to me for 30 minutes about the history of Max. Yeah, well I mean you look at the Philadelphia Eagles jersey, you think Michael Vick? Not sure if this guy needs a dog right now, but Yeah. So they vetted him and I had to, I think I had to sign, I had to sign something on your bag.


This is, this is all, this is all a lie. It's a very cute dog. A Cute dog. It's a cute dog. Max's gonna be a Great dog owner. I'm, I'm excited going Into it. Going into the game. P-F-T-P-F-T had a better hype video and he and Max was like, I haven't slept, I've had a bad weekend 'cause of this dog I was worried on. That's not true. I had a good weekend 'cause of the dog, but I had a Well No, but you said like I haven't slept, my sleep schedule's fucked and this dog is ruined. Like The reason I haven't slept is the Dart stream And the dog. Noah were you n nervous about getting a dog named Noah the Dog? Right before I was very nervous about that. What is The dog? So the dog's name is not Noel anymore. The dog's name is Billy. Oh. Like football Kind.


Kind of like football. Nope, she's, she's a good dog. We went through, we've been looking at Paul's for me and my girlfriend have been looking at Paul's for a really long time And we finally found a dog that we were not, not finally but the, we found a dog that we were really excited about And we jumped on it and it happened to be that her name was Nola. You Jumped on the dog. We jumped on the opportunity to get the dog. Oh it would've been so good though if you had, if you had lost this game and your dog's name. No, I would've just called that dog Nola. Yeah. For forever. But you didn't, If you win the Super Bowl, I think it's gotta go back to Nola. Yeah, We can't keep going back. And I thought about it but we can't keep going back and forth. Alright, So back to the game. Congrats on the dog. Very cute dog.


Also, everyone go get a dog from Paw Chicago. Any Chicago dog trainers out there Hit me up. I gotta train this dog. Okay. Okay. Congratulations Max. The game Max. Yeah, no the game was great. There's not really much more I can say Jalen Hurts was fantastic. Saquon Barkley is the best player in the NFL and I think that he will, he's gonna change the running back market because it shows that we're going, we're going back into a play of game where running the football matters and you, you can win running. Because there was that stat that was going on for forever that actually, yeah, we still don't know that. We still don't know that stat. Well yeah, because you didn't win the Super Bowl Yet. I know know, but Saquon Barkley is a piece that this team, this team is not where they are right now without Saquon Barkley.


Okay Ma Max. I fully acknowledge that Saquon Barkley is probably the best running back in the NFL, him and Derrick Henry. I would say Saquon's probably a little bit better. I'm pissed off at the Giants, the Giants for letting you guys have him. That sucks for me. But when you say he is gonna change the way that we look at running backs and signing, running backs, the free agents this off season. Aaron Jones pretty good player. Najee Harris, Jeff Wilson, AJ Dillon, Nick Chubb off an injury. I don't know if any of those guys are Words. I'm not just saying immediately, but like going forward, like if bj like Saquon Barkley is getting paid less than Gabe Davis. Yeah, no, I mean Sequ Barkley but does, he doesn't grow on trees, But like I'm saying like Bij Jean's next contract.


Yeah, yeah. Like he's going to get Yeah, yeah. More than the top running back was getting this past off season And it was all, it's also like the Eagles played it perfectly because I, I don't, I still don't think that you should pay a running back a ton of money if you're not a team ready to compete for a Super Bowl. The Eagles were a loaded roster and adding Saquon Barkley just makes them that much better. Whereas like if you added Saquon Barkley to the Giants, the Giants aren't going to the playoffs. True. So it it, it's more like teams that are are on the precipice like that that's a perfect, perfect signing. But he's a beast. The Eagles are just really fucking good. And they were, we said it in on Friday, like they're better at pretty much every position than the commanders and that that showed today.


Like they're, they're defensive line got a great push. Their offensive line even though there's injuries was was very good. Kept Jalen Hurtz relatively clean. AJ Brown and Devonte Smith are still difference makers. Dallas Gotter one of the most underrated tight ends. He needs more credit. Dallas Godard's a beast. He was an absolute monster. And he actually, the, the, the, the biggest, one of the biggest plays in the first half that felt like a pretty consequential play was when they didn't have Dallas Gotter on the field and Calcaterra wasn't able to pick up the blitz and they got a huge, the commanders got a huge sack and that was like the moment where it was like, oh shit. Or the commander's gonna be back in this game.


But yeah, the Eagles are just an all around really, really good team. Speaking of huge sacks, that was a great fake punt that Dan Quinn called. Oh yeah. It was awesome ball. And when I said that we have a better punter tress way can also throw the ball. Yeah that was but that was also one of those you're down, what, 14 to three at the time? I think. Yeah. It's like you gotta you gotta try something, you gotta you gotta put your nuts on the table and it was, it was a great play but it, it never felt sustainable what the commanders were doing. Yeah. It just didn't, we got behind And we kind of stayed behind. Great. Touchdown catch and run by Terry McLaurin. I'm so glad he's a commander. I'm so glad I get to root for guys like Terry and guys like Jayden. But still I don't want to, I don't wanna think big picture. A lot of people are are gonna be sending me big picture wishes.


I appreciate the wishes but I do not, I don't want to think about the big picture right now. Just let me be, be very sad and upset in this small little microscope. I'm, I'm looking at the season with an electron microscope right now. Yeah. Play by play for today. I Think that's the correct way to do it. The big picture is an off season thing. Yeah. I'll that's that's an off-season thought exercise that you'll be able to do for the next seven months. Right now you got your ass kicked in the NFC championship game. That sucked. I promise you I will be moved on to big picture by next week. This maybe not. No, I I'm gonna I'm gonna make that Up. There's no way. When we were, when we're after Super Bowl. Yeah. When we bowl, we're New Orleans and Max's like living his best life and wearing ridiculous pants. I'm gonna gumbo my way out of it.


I'm gonna gumbo my way out of thinking small picture. I believe in you. I believe in you Max. Yeah. That was, that had to be been like one of the most enjoyable games though for you. Yeah, no it was great. I it it still, it still was stressful. You know I was saying stupid shit at the end of The game. Yeah. Max said when the Eagles were up, I believe they were up 25 with six minutes left, max said this is still gonna end up being ending a one score game. Yeah. And we had to explain to 'em we're like, there's six minutes left. The best case, like if they score 17 points, they're down eight and they, that would mean they had three possessions in the last six minutes. Well we, we work at a company where it's like you, you realize that you have to go out of your way not to say anything that could be ever interpreted as a jinx.


As jinx. Yeah. So if you're up, you don't say things like great win before the game's over. You don't count your chickens. And that was White Sox Dave by the way. Yeah. Nice job. White Sox. No, he said I'll never apologize For a win. I'll never apologize for a win. Yeah. So Max, but Max has learned to not touch these third rails. 'cause he is gotten shocked so many times that now he's just, he's not even going down to the subway station. Yeah. I I still grazed those rails. Yeah. I mean he said we we want the Commies before he even played the Rams. That's but in his defense he was drunk. Yeah, he was drunk. It was a Saturday night. Yeah. Max also shout out Ronan big. Awesome. He's surprised everyone. He texted me yesterday, he was like, I'm gonna be there. Don't tell anyone he walked in. I You could tell that it was, that was tough for you.


It was, it was tough. And hey, I gotta put my hand up. It's a weapon. I gotta put my hand up too and say like, I, I didn't show enough fight either. I don't know. I gotta learn how to win. Yeah. It's a process. It was, it was a ask kicking though, max, you gotta you gotta feel good and you're going back to the Super Bowl. You gotta get redemption against the Kansas City Chiefs. And not to put pressure on you Max, but do you, have you had the moment to realize like what, what's at stake here in terms of you and this podcast and like if we have to have another losing max second place situation, like that's gonna Be bad. I mean that that's, you would love that. No, I'm, I don't want that. You would love I have a future on the Eagles But far did last far for as far as for this podcast.


You would love to see. It would be good for numbers. You Would love to see me lose Just in terms of numbers. I think people want to see Sad Max in the pants. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not saying me not. They've seen it enough. Not. Oh, but It's Chiefs. I know I'm rooting For the Eagles. If it was the Bills, it would be a whole different Mix. The bills I would've cashed out would've been, I would've been Josh Allen in your face the whole time. Let's Mix it up. Let's get some happy Max celebratory Mix. Oh, you don't have anything financially No at stake here do you? Or legacy Stake. Oh, legacy. I'm thinking about the fans and what they want. Big legacy stake. They wanna see Max. I don't, I don't like that memes has weaponized the max picture. And even when Max wins, he just puts somebody else's face on Max.


Yeah. And then it's also a reminder of that time that Max lost. I don't think that's fair to Max. Yeah. He put your face with that was you bro. I don't think that's fair to Max. It Was you That was it was me. It was my face. It looked good with the Beard. It's just a great sad temperate. I was like to grill one. Yeah. Oh, you have to Get waxed now too. Oh, I Forgot about the wax Shit. I didn't, I forgot about the wax too. Shit. I'll get waxed and Nola. How about that? Yeah, that'll be tough. Max. Have you texted big Dom yet? No, I, I texted him on your behalf. No, already. Yeah. I said no I didn't say anything about the, I just said congrats to you and Nola with the eagle emoji and the Italian flag.


And he just wrote back. Thanks Paan. See you there. Italian flag. He thinks I'm Italian, which is Fine. I'm It's stolen. Italian father. Italian father. Yeah. Italian father Max. This is the fifth time in Super Bowl history. We're gonna have a rematch of coaches in the big game. The losing coach has lost all four of the rematches. You were telling me stats last week though. I'm just telling you. Jalen Hurts. I Chuck no over Tom Landry. Jimmy Johnson over Marv Levy. Coughlin over Bill Belichick and Andy Reed over Shanahan. And this will be Andy Reed versus Nick Siri. Two. Hmm. So each time the winning, the winning coach the first time won the second time as well.


Eagles Win Rematches though. Well The Well there you go. Yeah, that's true. And we're goat killers. Yep. Killers also win rematches shit. Do they? Well they, yeah, we figured out. Well they won the that stat before. Well they win the re they re they win the first one too. And the rematch. And they win the rematch. I Guess they win also rematch. Yeah. They somehow win everything. Yeah. Chiefs like to win. Yeah. Alright. So any, anything else Max? Like I like New Orleans. It's gonna be your week. I know. I'm so excited. It's gonna be like the best week of my life. I cool. That's awesome. That's fucking cool If They win. That is so, so fucking sweet. If But what about the week before?


Like what about proceeding that? We're probably gonna get to interview an Eagle hopefully. Yep. That'll be cool. Even big dom. Maybe Big dom. Although I don't really want to No, no big dom. I don't wanna interview big Dom Super Bowl week. 'cause he, he, I didn't even want to ask because he's gonna be like, it's about the players. The people want big dom. We're gonna interview big Dom Grit week. Maybe we are, we're we're gonna interview him. Grit Week. Let's not Well, let's not big Dom. You know, big Dom does what Big Dom wants. We Love big Dom. We're not gonna press, we're Not, we're not gonna pressure Big dom. We're gonna add I don't, I wouldn't feel comfortable asking him. No, but we're gonna try to get an eagle. What, what if his daughter's getting married like during the week And we can go to him. We can ask him whatever favor we want. And he has to say yes. That's true.


I don't know. Okay. I'm just excited for the week. I, I want the Eagles to win. Will the pants be making a a Can we get the pants back on? No, I'm wearing the same thing that I've worn in the past two games. But can we get the saw what PFT did when he changed up his outfit? What do you mean? When I changed up my outfit? No, I wore two different outfits for each of our playoff games. I didn't have an outfit to repeat. You got, you got bullied online for the, for the jumpsuit. And you, oh, I got bullied online. You got scared to wear it Again. You think, you think I'm afraid to wear something that makes me look ridiculous. You showed up in jeans today. Yeah, it's a, they're pants. They're Muggsy. They're super comfortable pants. They feel like sweatpants. They're most comfortable pants in the world. You idiot. But you, you don't, you're not a Jeans guy for a big game.


You're a wear crazy jumpsuit guy. I, that's last week. I wear jeans for games all the time. My most famous pictures at games are of me wearing jeans. Those are big jeans. Clutch jeans. Clutch jeans. You could have I Oh, that's fair. I should have worn the JCOs. Mm. I should have worn the JCOs Today We have, we have Mugsy GenCos. Mm. I should have worn him. That's a fair point. But to say that the jumpsuit, I didn't have like an outfit that I wore a good Luck outfit And you, and you shaved your beard. But Max had a good luck outfit. I didn't, I didn't shave like where he is. You Got a haircut? I got, I got a haircut. Everyone knows playoff time. Playoff Beard. Max Wants us to mention the fact that he's been growing out his beard. No. Which I didn't realize That's Not true.


I don't even want you to realize it. I just want you to know that I am, I'm dialed on winning a Super Bowl. I need to win a Super Bowl. He also, He he's out of the boot and he wore the boot. Yeah. Yep. I put the boot back. You a big Ben. Yeah. No, I, I had the, I'm bringing the boot. I'm bringing the boot to New Orleans. You're bringing the boot to the boot. I I'm bringing the boot to the boot. I, I have to wear, You have to wear The boot. I have to wear the boot inside. Inside the Caesar Caesars Superdome. What? Okay. Shoey. Did Nick say what you say? Can we do the eagle in New Orleans? Win? That's a promise. If the Eagles win, I will do a shoey outta the boot. I love that. Did Nick say that That'll be show gross. Ugh. I love it. Did they say that every Tuesday is Mardi Gras for Max? Yeah, he did. Yeah. I thought I heard that.


Another, another thing Nick wrote down. Yeah, I didn't say it. Oh. 'cause I'm fat. I didn't say Tuesday. I didn't say I didn't say it. No, no. I I didn't know you spoke French. No. Hey, so Max, you're, can we get the pants during the week? I don't know exactly where those pants are right now. Oh No. I love that. I Gave, I think They're here. I they might be. I gave them the, I gave them the hang for the Halloween costume and then I think he gave them back to me. We gotta find them for the, we Gotta find them. And people wanna see the pants. Yeah, we gotta find the Pants. To me, losing pants is one of the funniest things you can do. Yeah. I lost those particular pants. I lose all of my clothing. My clothing has like a all my pants one year lifespan until it gets Lost. Max. I have, I have a question for you. Honest question.


So after the game, Nick Siri called Jalen Hurtz a winner. Mm. He's a winner. Do you think that Jalen Hurts is a winner? Mm, Good question. His head's just about to implode. Oh, I'm trying look at that. To Get outta this. Max is getting a fever. He can't get outta this. He Might just pass out. He can't get outta this. This question's gonna make you tap. Is he a winner? Yes. Yes, he is a winner. Yes. Has he won a Super Bowl? He's in the Super Bowl. Okay. Hank, Hank, I'm calling in the lefty. Every winner that's ever considered a winner has also lost Super Bowls.


Joe Montana. Most of the winners that you could ever consider a winner has, has lost a Super Bowl. Okay. I'm going through the list of winners. Lot of losses in the Super Bowl. I, My whole thing, I just wanted Nick Sirianni to also be listed as a winner when he's not Terry Terry Bradshaw. Did Terry Bradshaw lose super? I don't think, I don't think he did. But they lost games. They lost big games. Okay. We're not talking about big games. We're talking about winning Super Bowl because that's the standard that we have on this podcast. Who, I Mean, is Terry Bradshaw the goat? Is he like, man, the goat He beat? We're not talking about Ja Ja and Hearst as a goat. We're just asking if he's a winner or not. Yeah, He's a winner.


He hasn't won the big one yet. Okay. So you can be a winners. He win. But Max said Dan Campbell, he's like 27. Yeah, but Max said Dan Campbell's not a winner. He won a national championship. Yep. Dan Marino. Two winner. But he, he was on the team. He won. He played, played the game. Is Dan Marino winner? Nah. Okay. He only made it once. Dan Marino's not a winner. That was my phone. Not a Fart. So if you make it twice, then you're a winner Fart. Eight. I mean, make it twice at the age that he's at. I would, I would classify him as winner and winning a national championship. Is Josh Allen a winner? Josh Allen is a winner.


Okay. Lamar Jackson? He has Josh Allen has Overperformed in the playoffs. Lamar Jackson has underperformed. Okay. But if Lamar wins a second. MVP. Phil Rivers. Third. Third. MVP. Phil Rivers? Nope. Not a winner. No. Okay. Okay. Joel Embiid. Absolutely not. How can you say that? With the Philly shirt on? He hasn't made it the past second round. You see Paul George got stuck in the, in The Broad Street. Like he was trying to drive down Broad Street and it was just like a party In the middle of the game, like after the game, I saw the funniest video afterwards. The, there was this one kid from Philadelphia, when I say kid, I mean, I think he was three years old.


Yeah. He looked very young. That went up to the light pole and started trying to climb the light pole. And then a cop came up to him, fake arrested him, like put his hand behind his back. The kid, the kid wiggled out of the fake arrest and ran right back over to light Pole and started to get ready to climb it again. I love it. Yeah. The, the Philly fan too, that was walking around with the roasting a pig with in a shopping cart. That was genius. Yeah. Real men a genius. Listen, we gotta learn how to win like that. Yeah. Philly was on fire today. It was, it looked like a very fun day in Philadelphia. Well, I, I'm not thinking big picture. I do have to acknowledge that this was an awesome season. Yeah. And it was beyond anyone's wild ex wildest expectations for the team. Hank laughed when we hired Dan Quinn, the tweet was, ha ha Ha ha ha ha ha ha Ha.


Which I bookmarked. We got into a big bookmark off. I wanna bring that back up. Left hand up. I, I'll own that. So he's sorry about Your future, by the way, on the Commander. Thank You. Yeah. Yes. It's heartbreaking stuff. But it was a great season. We're, I'm not thinking big picture yet, but I, I am saying, I'm willing to acknowledge the fact that being in this game in the NFC championship game is a feeling that I haven't felt in a very long time. And it was awesome to, to care this deeply about football this late into the season And cherry on top. We actually, I think, posed this question last week. Does Dan Snyder watch The story came out, which was like pretty much just porn for you. Oh yeah. That Dan Snyder not only like, is aware of the commanders, he's living in England and he's fucking pissed off and so angry about all of it.


Yeah. It was so good. It came out like first thing in the morning on Saturday. I laid in bed reading the story, just laughing out loud. He's really fucking pissed. Yeah. Good. I'm glad you're pissed. I hope you watch every second. I hope that your life is just tormented from this point forward. I was very happy reading that, but the details in that story were crazy. Yeah. Like, after I'd probably celebrated six times the sale of the team, when it came time to send the financial information, all he had to do was send Josh Harris his routing number bank account. Yeah. His bank account number. And at the very last second, Dan Snyder was like, no, I don't think I'm gonna send him my bank account number so that he can't pay me $6 billion. And and the best part was Goodell got Dan Snyder on the way out because Dan Snyder basically was like, I'm only selling this.


I don't wanna sell this team. I'll sell, I'm gonna make the price. So ridiculous that like, no one's gonna be able to pay for it. He wanted over $6 billion. Josh Harris was barely able to get the $6 billion. And then as he's like about to wire the $6 billion, the NFL fined him $65 million that took the actual like, full transaction just below $6 billion. Yep. That's, you know what we, we said that at the time too. We said that feels like an oddly specific number. Yeah. Because it's like $50.5 million fine on the way out. Good. I'm glad, I'm glad that he's not happy. And So Funny I take, I take pity on whatever EPL team he's from. You ran him out of the country. Yeah. He literally doesn't live in the country anymore.


Yeah. I gotta He can't sell his house. He had to give that away. Yeah. Which, I mean, I guess that was a nice move by him. 'cause he did give it to like the Cancer Society, but, well, He also gave His a tax write off too, But he gave it to them and it still hasn't sold. Yeah. Yeah. And now they have to pay for the upkeep of that house and they're like, can we just sell this fucking thing already? Yeah. And he, yeah, he's, he's basically been run away. He lives in England and they even threw in like, oh no. Well, he actually loves it there. And he like goes to a pub and like Yeah. He, he's, he's having a great time. Like a normal Guy in His best life. I kind of, I want to do, And he doesn't drink. I Don't think I want to go over there and imagine Living in London and not drinking. I he's gotta drink. If he's going to a Westminster public Then, well, there was that, there was that anecdote too, where he was like, at one point they were trying to say that he was basically gonna get outta all the shit he did bad by being like, I used to drink and I did that all when I was drinking and now I don't drink anymore.


Yeah. Like, I went, I checked myself into rehab. Excuse. Well, his plan was I'm gonna tell them that I stopped drinking. Yeah. Which is, that's what you say when you are really admitting that you have a problem. Yeah. I'm gonna make them think. I don't, don't drink anymore, but yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna become a born again. Yeah. But that'll Be fine. That's, I was very happy to read that. That was great. It was fun to care about football this much until late January. But it still sucks. Yeah. It Still hurts. And congrats to Max stressful week. Not a stressful game. And you're on onto New Orleans. It's still pretty stressful. And so you're going to, max is gonna go to the game. He will have a set up so that he can, he can zoom in, win or lose. We're not gonna stay in New Orleans for those extra days, but Max will go to the games.


We'll have on, on field reporting and he will be on the show win or lose. Actually, when does he have to come on? I, he could Maybe he could, he could like zoom in from his phone on Bourbon Street. No, we'd have to, you, you have to get your victory lap. If you win the Super Bowl, Also Match. You have to really stick it To us. Shut up. There was nothing stressful about that game for you. No, there really wasn't. I mean, there was, you Scored a, to, you scored a 60 yard touchdown on your first carry from scrimmage. Yeah. Saquon rocks. The, the only stressful time was like in the second quarter when it was I think 14, 12. And then, but then you guys scored and then you got a fumble on the kickoff right after and scored again.


The fake, like 1412 was the only time it was like, oh, this could be a Game. The fake pun was stressful. You were up 14 to three, But you were up. You were up. Yeah. But that felt like a, like a game cha like a momentum changing. But the minute you touched the ball on offense, you never were trailing. Yeah, no, that's true. That, That, that's exactly, We were trailing for like 16 seconds, I think. Yeah, Right. So you, and, and the 1412, like that was when it was close, you scored and then the next time the commanders touched the ball it was 27, 12. Yeah. But we were up, we were up two scores against them in that, that other game too. So that's all I Pick it. Well, I kept saying that and you kept telling me That.


Yeah. Because I was deluding myself into thinking we had a chance to win perfectly. Normal behavior Did matter. I know, but I, it's still stressful. Like when we went, when we went three and out to start the second half, I felt kinda stressed then I would say like maybe at the start of the game when we kept converting those four thousands on that very first drive, that was probably a little bit stressful. The First, yeah, the first drive was Stressful. But Max here, here was, here's my roadmap that me and a lot of other people had this week to convince ourselves this was gonna be a good, a good football game. The Eagles are so good. They're better at every position. Yeah. But Jaden Daniels might be actual magic. That's what, that's what we were telling ourselves. And we were forcing ourselves to believe that Jaden Daniels was literally God and that he could do whatever he want he wanted and nothing else in the game would mattered.


That's, that's the level that we had to get to, to convince ourselves that this was gonna be a commander's win. Fred Smoot, we told me we were gonna lose by 50. Do you think Fred Smoot watched that game and was like, what the f what the fuck? He just like, I know. I was, was he watching that game being like, did I turn? Is am I sleeping right now? Like this can't be happening. I was getting, I love what I, I Love what Fred Smoot was saying. 'cause I liked hearing it. I liked listening to it, but also as he was saying it, I was just thinking the whole time like, this is not good. This is not good that he's gassing us up so much. But yeah. Congrats Max. Congrats Hank. Yeah, I'm, I'm excited for next week. I got a future too on the Eagles.


Oh, also buy some merch. We got some new merch in there you go. In the Philly store. Hank is wearing some of it. I'm wearing of it. Does that Make you nervous that it's Chief's Eagles again? And I can, oh yeah. I can win a shit load of money. Oh yeah. Okay. A lot of this sounds familiar. Yeah, A lot of it sounds very familiar. Hit 'em low, hit 'em high. Are we go six Unnecessary roughness penalties. Yeah, Those are sick.


Okay, let's take a break and then we will talk a FC championship game. We'll get back to the games in a second. They're brought to you by Doritos with Patrick Mahomes help. Doritos just revealed the top three ads that are still in the running to win the Doritos crash the Super Bowl. Now it's up to the people to choose which creator is gonna win a million bucks and have their submission run as Dorito's 25th Super Bowl ad by voting for their favorite fan made ad@doritoscrash.com. Now until January 28th, fans can visit doritos crash.com and cast their vote for who they think is the winning ad. Will it be abduction, barbershop or charades? You have one day left to vote last day. One day left. Go vote for the next Super Bowl ad@doritoscrash.com.


And for the awls who really know us, you know how responsible we are with our money. The secret reason we have so much to gamble is because Experian helps us save money across our other purchases. League rights are getting outta hand. We have to subscribe to way too many streaming services so that we can watch every key game and keep our listeners informed with hard hitting analysis. And that's where Experian comes in. They'll find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions for you so you don't have to worry about paying for your services you forgot about. They'll also save you time and money by negotiating bills like cable and internet. That's right. They'll stay on hold for as long as it takes to make sure you're getting the best price so you can save money and focus on what really matters. You can also have Experian negotiate your bills like cable, internet or cell phone. And you keep all the savings all around. Experian does the work so you can save money. It's a one stop shop for your financial health. Get started in the app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed and some may not see any savings. Not all bills are subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation and eligible paid. Membership required. Get started in the Experian app and see how much you could save today.


And now back to the games. Okay. Chiefs 32, bills 29. How do we wanna do this? PFT Do we wanna just do the ref thing at first or we wanna talk about the game and then we can give ourselves a minute to talk about the Ref? I was thinking that we would do 40 minutes on the spot. Yeah. On the spot. 40 minutes on the fourth down spot. That game was a great game. Incredible game. Like as close as it could be, it felt like to start the game, the bills were gonna get boat raced, but they hung tough and you know, let's just say it because everyone's complaining about it. The the spot. I did not agree with the spot.


I still will, I'll still maintain that. The Chiefs, like, again, we've said it a million times, say it a million times more like they have the championship, DNA that big time plays, big time moments. They will come through and if they have a 50 50 thing go their way, they'll capitalize on it. That did suck though. 'cause if the bills got that first down, it felt like they were gonna go down and score and be up nine. And it was like, you won't even give Patrick Mahomes a chance to, to, to win this game. And I, I, I thought the spots sucked, but here's what really sucked about. And, and for anyone who's, who didn't watch the game, I assume everyone who's listening did it was fourth and one on the Kansas City.


41 in the fourth quarter. The bills are up 2221. They do Josh Allen sneak and the far line judge, I believe ruled it pretty much close to a first down. The, the, the closer line judge had a completely different interpretation. They went to review, they didn't give him the first down. I thought it was a first down. I thought it was bullshit. But you know what was really bullshit is the fact that Sean McDermott and Joe Brady decided to keep running the same play that the Chiefs were clearly ready for all game. And that was the tush push that they didn't even do correctly. They don't even push. Right. They just, they just rammed Josh Allen in the line. I, that was coaching malpractice in my eyes.


Like, stop running a play that's not working. And they kept running it and it burned him on a, on a, on a fourth and one that again, I thought they got it, but it was so close that it leaves it up to the review and that sucked. And, and whichever ref got that spot and where they put it down, that's what they're gonna stick with. Right. 'cause the review didn't show the ball, it didn't show anything. So it's hard to overturn that. You can guess where his body was gonna be. I thought it was a first down two in the moment. But yeah, the, the bills on just short yardage situations all day. Not good. Not good, not good. And that, that's why I, despite the fact that it, I just got fucked by the tush push. I can say that the people that are calling for it to be removed are losers because the bills tried to do the same thing.


They can't do it. Everyone can try to do it. The the best they looked on on that short yarded situation was when Josh had to jump over the pile Right. And extend the ball and almost fumble in a bad play. Yeah. That probably should have been a fumble. And he, I think he did, he might have dropped the ball and picked it back up. Yeah. Big hands. And, but it was, it, it, it's heartbreaking for Josh Allen. I know there'll be a lot of people who like, he's, he can't win the big one. I if you watch that game and you're like, Josh Allen can't win the big one. I mean they're, they, they, I I think that re really does come down to Sean McDermott had a really bad game again against the Chiefs, which happens every single year. Their defense got torched. I know that, I know Benford went out early with a concussion and their, their secondary was thin, has a little depth rap didn't play in the game.


But the Mahomes in that offense, like they scored thir more than 30 points the first time all year. Yeah. They had 8.3 yards per play on passing downs. They, it felt like guys were just wide open. And the, and, and what really would drive me nuts if I was a Bills fan outside of the ref stuff, which we've acknowledged is on that last drive where you have three timeouts, you have two minutes or more than two minutes to try to go down the field and score a touchdown and win the game. You did not get a single touch for James Cook, who was by far your best player on offense. Like James Cook had 139 yards receiving and rushing two touchdowns.


He was averaging 8.6 yards per touch. And he did not touch the ball on those six plays that you ran. One, you know, was a perfectly timed Steve s Spagnola blitz where that's where it's the Chief's like spas is such a good coach and Andy Reed is such a good coach. They have that blitz that gave Josh no time. He throws up a prayer. Dalton Kincaid who probably could have caught that. And I know people are saying Khalil Shaki was open on the backside. If you watch that play and you're like, how Josh Allen had a guy in his face in less than a half a second. Yeah. He couldn't get the ball. He couldn't get the ball to Sha secure on that. Yeah. It, it was too much pressure. And Spags had, I think I counted three of those blitzes that were perfectly timed up. Yeah. I don't know how he does it.


It's, but it's, it's always perfect. It always causes the most disruption. It always changes the game. And it sucks for Buffalo because Yeah, you, you look like you're driving down the field with a one point lead. You're about to get that fourth down and everything's gonna be different this time. It sucks and it's, and it's not different. And you just have to deal with the fact that Mahomes is gonna the Super Bowl again. Josh Allen and the Bills have to think about this for another year and hope that next time it's gonna be different every year. I tell myself after this matchup, don't ever forget what happened. This is just always gonna keep repeating. Yeah. And then one calendar year later, I convinced myself the bills are gonna do it. It, and they're always so close. They're all, I guess it's not as bad as the 13 seconds what happen today.


I don't know, man. Today was pretty brutal because like, the 13 seconds 13 seconds different was, was, was awful. I, it it goes into the whole storyline of the Chiefs and the refs and everything. And, and look, I I get it like that, that spot sucked. And, and the Xavier worthy review where there was a penalty on that place, so obviously it was, it cost them yards, but the Chiefs were gonna get a first down anyway. But that one was, was iffy and, and didn't really make sense to me. I don't know. I just, I'm not gonna sit here and be like, the Chiefs are only in the Super Bowl because of the refs. I-I-I-I-I feel like the bills like that play sucked. But the Bills game plan of defensively, they weren't able to guard anyone and, and offensively just ramming into Chris Jones in that defensive line on those short yards made no sense.


And it was just like, like I I just don't get the James like James Cook. That that touchdown by James Cook was one of the coolest touchdowns I've ever seen. Yeah. He was in the Matrix. He floated, his body was contorted and he floated into the end zone and that guy didn't get, he, he, he didn't end up getting, and they also kind of went away from the run in the first half where second half you see them come out, they, they shove it down their throat. And here's another one. I I, I get it. You can't second guess everything. Sean McDermott taking points off the board, basically. I mean, that's a 31 31 game if he doesn't take the points off the board. So essentially what happens is they score a touchdown at the end of the first half, the Chiefs get a penalty.


The, the, the, the bills kick the extra point. So it's 2117, they, there's a penalty. They're like, fuck it, we'll go for two now they don't get it. So instead of 2117, it's 2116, they score a touchdown in the second half because it's because they didn't get it the first time. They go for it again. So instead of being it, if you kick both extra points, it's 24 21 and now it's 2221. Do the math, it would've been 31 31. Not To get all analytical on you, but part of the reason why you go for two is because there is a chance that you missed the extra point. Of course. So if you've already made the extra point Right, then that's a little bit less of a reason to go For two.


Right. Don't take the points off the board. I just feel like, I feel like Sean McDermott just again, Andy Reed just outcoached him and, and I feel bad for Josh. Like Yeah. Was there, especially at the beginning of the game, he was kind of erratic and could he have played better? Yeah. But he, he also has been asked to play basically perfect to give them a chance. And it's yet again where his defense and his coaching just, they don't do enough. Yeah. It was, it was sad for Bill's fans sad for America too. Even though, listen, I, I appreciate Patrick Holmes. I appreciate the Chiefs. I think we respect the Chiefs enough on this Show. People will listen and, and, and take away, you know, people can listen to the show and there'll be be people like you just glazed Josh Allen or you hate the Chiefs.


Or I I've been saying it for how, how many times have I said that the Chiefs, the reason why the Chiefs are the Chiefs is, is not because of the refs. It's because they, if you make a mistake, they take advantage of it. And that's what a championship team does. Yeah. Like I, I don't know how more clear I can be that the Chiefs have that DNA they, every big play they need, they were six of 10 on third and fourth down. Patrick Mahomes used his legs perfectly today he scored two touchdowns. And then the best was we were having the debate in the cave when it was, when the bills. So who went out of bounds that was so stupid to them. Was it Pacheco went out of bounds. It stopped the clock with like a minute and a half left. I can't remember who went outta bounds, but it was very low football iq.


It was Pacheco. It was Pacheco. Like that was very un Chiefs like, so the Bills technically still had a chance. It was third and nine. And we're sitting there being like, should they kick the field goal? What should they do? And then I just stopped. I was like, what are we got? What are we talking about right now? They're gonna get the first down and that's what they did. They have a play that gets 'em a first down when they need to get a first down, that ends the game. Yeah. And when Mahomes is running with the ball, he was also tough as fuck today. Yeah, he was, he was putting his head down. He was trying to run through people. He he did not do the tiptoe on the sideline stuff. He didn't do any of the the things that he's been criticized for. He played an awesome game of football. Andy Reed coached another great game of football. The Chiefs look like they, they might be unstoppable again. And now we've got a rematch, the Chiefs and the Eagles Max.


Who do you think that Jason Kelsey's gonna be rooting for? Hmm. I don't know. I am terrified of that. I think he's gonna do like a, like a house divided jersey. He's gonna Wear both. I you you can't do a house divided you, you just gotta sit it out. No, he will be there. No, no, I'm, but I'm saying you can't like, you can't wear a logo. Maybe the only thing that, the only thing that makes me, He should be rooting for the Eagles. He should be Travis should be root for, he should be should Travis is just won one. I he should be, but I don't know if he will. And the and and that same team beat the fucking Eagles. I know, but like it's, he should Be rooting for the Eagles.


I agree. Well you think less of him if he doesn't. No, he Was in the locker room. He felt the pain after they lost to that chief team. It's all his boys. And it's all those same boys have a chance to get revenge against the Chiefs Also. I Don know just for like the storyline, he should be rooting like, if not to give him podcast advice, but like Yeah, you root for the Eagles dude. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Like, I don't know what he ended up doing today. He was at the Eagles tailgate, but he said on like his show on Friday night that he was gonna try and get to the chief's game. He was trying to go to both games somehow. I think he possible That's not possible. He, so maybe second half. Yeah, no, that's what I'm saying. Like, I don't know what he ended up doing. But he was at the Eagles tailgate for like ESPN game.


I forget, I don't know what they do. They're, they're pre-game for the NFL and then he was like, I really wanna to, to get to get to Kansas City though for Travis's game. I think Travis is gonna retire after this year. I think he might as well. The way, By the way, the way he talked about that made me, made me think that he's gonna retire. By The way, I think if they win, he, he Will by, by the way, more so to the Chiefs like and proposed greatness. Patrick Holmes. Travis Kel was taken away in this game. The Bills did a good job of taking him away and they're like, we're not gonna let him beat us. And then Patrick Mahomes just Hollywood Brown Xavier worthy Deandre Hopkins. He found other ways with his feet. He found other ways to beat him. I got a couple crazy Patrick Mahomes stats for you. So this is from Josh Dubbo AP Patrick Mahomes has trailed in fourth quarters in nine playoff games.


He has come back to win six and forced OT and two others before losing. He has a 132.2 rating with five touchdown passes. One TD run when down one to eight points in the fourth quarter. OT of playoff games, leading scores on 13 0 14 drives. That's as money as you get. That's Patrick Mahomes being incredible. The best quarterback in in football. That's not refs. I know that People will say it's refs. That's not refs. What About the blended clock Clock? We learned that was bullshit. Bullshit. We learned blended clock. Yeah, that the blended clock, like well who's that painter? Salvador Dolly. The guy that painted Yeah.


The The melting Clocks. Yeah. So what the blended clock is just when the refs say we're gonna combine the play clock with the clock before the two minute warning, he was Explaining it was like a half a, when it's half a second off, you can just, it, you can just run it down. But then I see the zeros on one. Yeah, no, it makes sense. And I don't see the zeros on the other. Makes No sense. Also, Patrick Mahomes has been a starter in the NFL for seven years. He has gone to five Super Bowls and his worst season is a loss in the a FC championship game twice. Yeah. That's insane. That's insane. He's great. And, and again, I thought that was a first down. I really did. And I I I, I'm so like gutted for Josh Allen in the bills because like I do think that if they get that first down now, who am I kidding?


The Chiefs probably find a way to win the game anyway. If they win that, if they get that first down, they win the Super Bowl. But it's just, it's, it sucks. Being a Bills fan is torture. I I like they, they, they, they go through torture. I, I don't know what else to say. Like this is, it's, it's so brutal. And, and I really do you, you said it a week or two ago. PFD like if they lose in the playoffs, is there a chance Sean McDermott's on the hot seat Now I, I think Sean McDermott's a really good coach, but kind of like Andy Reed in Philadelphia. Like is there a chance that they've hit the wall and to get through the wall they need something different. Yeah. But then you gotta make sure that whatever he put in place pre wall stays up.


Yeah. Because the Bills, they were a bad team before Sean McDermott. I know. And then Josh Allen. So I, Yeah, I don't think you fire him, but I just, it it did feel like this game was another winnable Bills game that coaching and defense. Like it hurt them. And, and Josh could have been better. He, he, he, he was a little erratic at times, but he also made some fucking huge that Matt Collins touchdown was a huge throw. And you know, they obviously were gonna try to run the ball and they did a really good job of that. And they just couldn't get stops. I mean, the Chiefs didn't score 30 points all season they did today. Do you think that Rex Ryan is gonna publicly lobby for the Bills job now? Probably like it's coming home.


Probably. I what, what do we say to the people who are now saying they're not gonna watch the Super Bowl? Who's saying that? A lot of people online saying it's rigged, saying they're not gonna watch the Super Bowl. If it, if it's rigged. If you truly believe it's rigged, then why don't you just make a fuck load of money betting on the Chiefs? Great Question. That's me personally. That's what I would do All the time. Yeah. Something is rigged. Yeah, just clean up. I also think people just don't Like the matchup. Yeah. No, they don't like the matchup. But it's still the Super Bowl. I don't care. It's the Super Bowl. Yeah. You're gonna watch, it's the last football game of the year. You're gonna watch Super Bowl. You gotta watch the Super Bowl. If you don't watch Super Bowl, you're just not American. Hank, why did you make a disgusted face when you said he's probably gonna propose?


I was just thinking he wouldn't actually, after I said it, I realized Taylor would never allow it to happen. But I was thinking of like confetti. Yeah. Like Boise State player when the Super Bowl proposed, not Retire. And you think, you think he could do better, is what you're saying? No, I I just, that that, that thought of all that scene disgusted me, but I don't think, I think they would do it in a little more classy way. I think she, But I think he will retire and he will propose in the off season. I think she's gonna propose to him if Go win Hank. What if we just win? We're not gonna win. You're cooked. Oh, meme just said you're cooked. Do you think it's gonna be the refs or it's gonna be Patrick Ma Holmes?


I dunno. We just gotta win. Yeah. The screenshot of the first down is going to be though, It's also brutal that as, as you know, good of a blitz as it was. And it was a very like, tough throw for Josh. It was an extremely catchable ball. Oh, Like Dalton Kincaid. Yeah. It's not like he had not, he just had to throw it away or threw it up and it was nowhere. It no, he absolutely could have caught that. It was extremely, extremely In catchable and it would've been an all time play that went down in the history books. But again, I still, I don't know how the, the bills would've gotten any stops. I guess they'd have to score a touchdown there and then maybe the, the game would've been over. But it di it didn't feel like the bills were ever gonna, like if it went to overtime, did you think the bills were gonna get a stop then?


It would've Been poetic 'cause of Yeah, I know. But they couldn't get, they couldn't get off the field. That's why that that first down, that fourth down was so big because they could have made it a two score game. I know. And then your defense has some room where they can, you know, they can let Patrick Mahomes do his thing and it doesn't kill you. I know it sucks. We're Gonna know everything feel really bad. We're gonna know everything there is to know about the ref that called that ball short and whatever connections he has to, to Kansas City or Texas Tech or Andy Reed. I really thought it was the first down. I really did. And I thought that one, that one ref like basically came out and did that. But it's just, again, it's more like I understand all Bills fans should be mad at the refs and they should complain about the refs and they have every right to be mad at the refs and, and talk about it ad nauseum about the refs.


I am removed a little from it that I can be like, maybe just don't run the same play that was getting nothing over and over. Yeah. They weren't even running the tush push correctly. Yeah, they weren't pushing. I agree. I thought he got the first down as well. And It was clear the Chiefs had figured it out. Like the Chiefs were, were, were, were were defending against it. So, well, Yep. I thought they got it, but I didn't think that there was anything on the replay that was like, definitive enough for them to say, which sucks. We're gonna overrule what we just, what one of our refs said on the field. And that's that. And the Chiefs are just really fucking good. And that's what they do. They capitalize on everything. Mahomes makes big plays. And you, you're right about Mahomes running like tough. He wasn't doing any of the No.


Trying to get hit late or trying to dance around the sideline. He was just, and you could tell like he was jacked up on some of those runs. The one thing you can say negatively about Mahomes today is he had the worst spike in the history of football. That's true. After the touchdown. That's a fact. He was too jacked up. He couldn't spike it properly. That's a fact. Alright. Anything, anything else on this game? I mean, I just feel really bad for, for Bills fans and I just feel really bad for Josh. I want, I, it just sucks. And Lee, 'cause people will, people will be like, Hey Josh Allen sucks. Like no, he just keeps running up against Mahome and like he, he's playing to a level that should when games I, I just think the the bills keep kind of getting out coached in these games.


Yeah. Like there, there's the, the margin for error is so small in these games and Sean McDermott makes a couple of these errors chasing points early running the same play that's not working over and Over challenging that one catch. Yeah. Like there's just these, these moments where it's like if you just can do a better job or like, you know, knowing that SPACs is gonna do something crazy on that last, but using a timeout and talking it and like figuring out your best play. 'cause you had three timeouts there. I know you wanted to save 'em in case you didn't get that first down. But also the play calling on that drive made no sense. Again, James Cook, like, you just, you can't make any mistakes against the team like the Chiefs. They're so fucking good. They're so well coached.


And Patrick Holmes is just, he's money in the playoffs. That's what he does. Chiefs are just a wagon and they're going for history. First Threepeat ever. Which would be insane. Yeah. They're gonna get it. Congrats Chiefs. Max, you stand in the way. I know we have to, we we gotta take him down. We gotta take him down for, for Hank's legacy. Really? And You, you also for your, for your legacy too, max. Because one, it could change. It could change in there. It could change in there. Well how many, how many of these big games has Hank lost? He wasn't Philly Hank until recently. I only lost to the Eagles. No, I mean, but this just tears down everything that Patriots built. It's not fully, if Mahome keeps winning, not fully, If he keeps winning, but, But I mean a Threepeat is, Threepeat is tough.


A Threepeat is the best team in history of the NFL. But a three no team's ever done a Threepeat. A threepeat would be tough against the Eagles too because two of those would be against You. Yeah. No, that'd be tough. That would be tough. But It would be known like people would think first of them beating the Eagles in the Super Bowl. Just win. Just win. If, if the Eagle, Everyone knows the Eagles lose this game. I will have lost 67% of the Super Bowls on, on this podcast. Would You? Since I've, since I've been here. Oh yeah, yeah. Since I've been here. Yeah. That's a lot. What were you gonna say Hank? That's a lot of podcasts of Super Bowls. The Eagles are gonna lose. Shut Up. Hank. What?


See now when I need you, you're just a fucking dick. Now I'm beginning to think you're not actually an Eagles fan. Hank Well what, what was last week? Last week? You were, you were, you know, I was, I just, I I call it how I see it. I knew that game was gonna be a blowout. I also thought that Commanders were gonna beat the lines. I I want the Eagles to win. I just, it it's impossible. Rooting against the Chiefs is is legitimately like rooting against LeBron on the heat. Like, it, it reminds me the same way. I root as hard as I can against them and they just win again and again and again. Yeah. I wanted this game for Josh so bad and I was just like, I I should have just bet on the Chiefs. 'cause that's the smart play.


So what are you gonna do with your future Pack from Mahomes under a field? I'm gonna ride it out, but I'm riding as well, max. I'm not cashing out. All right. Go Birds. Let Go. I'm not riding with you. I'm riding with you. Go Birds. The Chiefs are just really fucking good. So are The Eagles. And they're so well coached. The Eagles. I'd just rather die than, than not, than Root for the Chiefs. But I I had a That if you didn't have a future, would you bet the Chiefs No, I did it last year in the Super Bowl and it was a great experience. I would just bet like, no, because it was The whole time. It was just like, oh, well Mahomes is gonna win this game. You're such a Dickhead. Yeah. Why would you do that? Why'd you kick a man? When he said, I was just thinking That's what I did for that Super Bowl.


Do we give enough credit to the Chiefs? Fuck the Chiefs. Okay. I think that's, I mean they're just really good. I, I don't know what a like, I mean the highest Compliment you can get as a, as a fan of a sports team is having everybody in the country hate your team. Yeah. And the refs, it sucks that that happened. The fourth and one that sucks. That's, they're just gonna replay that over. That's why it's like, ah, man, I the bills fit. Like the, they just invent new ways to just, what is it, what is Max looking up villain hero. I know there was some meme of like the, the Eagles and the Chiefs playing the Patriots in the Super Bowl and it was one of those like America maps of like what every Team is for.


Oh yeah, yeah. The park. My take account. Read that as long. Yeah. Good job means Live long enough to be the villain. You Yeah. Whatever the hell the saying is. Yeah. Whatever. If you're a chief fan, you, you realize that people, you, you've broken so many cities Correct. Through Your rampage that you know that they're gonna hate you. That's how, that's how sports is Josh. We only yearn to be hated. Josh is gonna get one. Right? Oh man, He has to. But this team was like, I know they were rebuilding but their defense obviously Benford going out in the first quarter was bad. But like the defense was fairly healthy considering how unhealthy they've been in the last couple years.


And the AFC is just so goddamn hard. How did you, how'd you make that map? Means what? What data did you sort through for that? You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain. Got it. Off Google. Okay. Yeah. And now it's flipped again where the Eagles are the hero again. 'cause it's a map of everyone rooting for the Eagles and the Super Bowl against the Patriots and everyone rooting against for the Chiefs and the A FFC championship against the Patriots and then everyone rooting for the bills versus the Chiefs and everyone rooting for the commanders against the Eagles. What do you think the breakdown on the new map's gonna be though? 'cause I think we might have a couple states that are Chiefs besides just Kansas and maybe Missouri. I think.


I think Texas might be rooting for the Chiefs. Yeah. Dallas, Houston isn't. Houston is not. Houston Is not. Yeah. No, it's a bigger city too. That is a bigger city. Yeah. I don't, DC certainly isn't root for the Eagles. Nope. No I don't think anyone's, although, yeah, no DC's not Root for the Eagles. Giants certainly are not. Yeah. Yeah. Saquon winning. Yeah. So yeah, there's a couple spots. Niners Niners fans hate the Eagles I think, But they also hate the Chiefs. They've lost twice to the Chiefs in the Super Bowl. Max Chiefs are just destroying everyone. Yeah. What they do. Fuck we can't lose again.


Just be a legend. Stop. Yeah. Everyone's Alright. Let's take our last break and then we'll do some coaching news and some other stuff. We'll get back to the show in a second.


It's brought to you by Doritos, with Patrick Mahomes help. Doritos just revealed the top three ads that are still in the running to win the Doritos crash the Super Bowl now it's up to the people. That's you to choose which creator will win a million dollars and have their submission run as Doritos 25th Super Bowl ad by voting for their favorite fan made ad@doritoscrash.com. Now until January 28th, fans can visit doritos crash.com and cast their vote for who they think is the winning ad. Will it be abduction, barbershop, or charades? There's one day left to vote. Vote for the next Super Bowl ad@doritoscrash.com.


Games are also brought to you by Morgan and Morgan. There's a reason why coffee is the first thing people reach for in the morning. Just like there's a reason why Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. For over 35 years, Morgan and Morgan has been fighting for the people just like you and I. They have over a hundred offices, more than a thousand lawyers nationwide. When hiring Morgan and Morgan. It's like hiring an army that has your back. If you're injured by the negligence of another, you deserve to be paid. When you hire the wrong law firm, you may be beat before you start. All law firms are not the same. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell.


The show is also brought to you by Uber Eats. If you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dipper ordering pizza. There's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply, see the app for details.


Okay. Oh, who's line is Nway Super Bowl 59. I haven't looked. I said it was just gonna be under a field goal. Is Chiefs, are they favored? What's the line? One And a Half Chiefs. One and a half. That's probably gonna move a little bit. Okay. It's, It usually never stays the same for the Super Bowl, But it's also never gonna get to a field goal either way. That's never gonna to get to You think Chiefs minus three is Never gonna happen Out of bounds. I think it's never gonna happen. I think people will gobble that up. Yeah, I think they would gobble that up in a second. Over under 49 and a half. Gonna probably bet the over, because it's the Super Bowl.


Yeah. It's un-American to get it all On draftings. I'm gonna bet, I'm bet tails tonight just to feel like I'm, I'm locked and Low. National Anthem. Yeah, you should be able to bet on the flyover too. Yeah. Alright, so coaching news. Liam Cohen is the new head coach for the Jacksonville Jaguars and it was quite assorted affair on Thursday. It was after we, we recorded, we, we actually got a little bit of it in there, but then more details came out. He spurned the box. He basically, the timeline goes like this. Liam Cohen took the first interview with the Jaguars actually at the Glazer's telling him like, Hey, go take this interview.


Came back. Balkey was still the head co, the GM of the Jaguars. The offer was probably in the, I don't know, five, 6 million, whatever you wanna call it. Range. He talks to the Bucks Handshake deal bucks are gonna make him the highest paid coordinator, offensive coordinator in the league. Part of the handshake deal is he can't go for his second interview with the Jags. Trent Balkey gets fired. Sean Kahn calls up. Liam Cohen says, Hey, the price just went up. We're gonna pay you 13, $14 million a year. Liam Cohen's now stuck because he made this handshake deal that if he takes a second interview, he's not gonna be the highest paid coordinator. So he goes to Jacksonville, basically tells the bucks, Hey, I'm gonna come in on Thursday to to sign my new contract.


Doesn't take any calls from them. Tells 'em that he's tending to a family emergency. Word gets out that he actually is in Jacksonville interviewing for the Jaguar's job. The Jaguars are also trying to keep it under wrap wraps because they had to clear the Rooney Rule and get another minority candidate in the building. So they do that on Thursday morning, get Liam Cohen to agree to be the, the head coach. Then Liam Cone, I think picks up a phone call from Todd Bowl. He is like, Hey, I'm, I'm at the hospital with my kid. And also this Jaguar situation is changing. Takes the Jaguar's job and the bucks are pissed. He used the term material change. Material change. We haven't seen that in a couple years.


Yeah, I I don't ever fault the guy for taking the head coaching job because there's very limited in supply. If you get the opportunity to do it, you probably want to do it and you also get paid a shitload more money. He probably could have handled this a little bit better, but when he basically, he went back to the Bucks and then the Jaguars were like, we understand that there's a guy that you really hate. Yeah. And I know that we said we weren't gonna fire him, but we want you so much that we're gonna fire this guy just to make you happy. And, and then at that point, they, now, if he didn't take that job, they just fired a guy for no real reason. And he, that was probably like a big selling point for me. He was like, I don't have to work with that guy anymore. He's getting, he's getting paid insane money.


Ben Johnson money is what they said. Which is insane money as well. The Bears paying Ben Johnson insane money. But it's unprecedented for first time head coach. It's also unprecedented for first time head coach to be able to pick their gm. I don't really blame Liam Coh at all on this. I know that that's probably looked like scumbag behavior, but he, he the, I don't know what choices he had and the fact that the Bucks shouldn't have made it contingent on not taking the second interview. If you're an employer, you should let your employees take those interviews, go see what is out there. Especially in this business when you know that guys are gonna try to, you know, get dream jobs.


There's only 32 of them. If they didn't make it contingent on him not taking the second interview, I think he probably would've been more forthright about it. But he was stuck in a position where if he takes a second interview, he could potentially lose his job with the Bucks and not get the Jags interview or job. I, I think if anything, he's guilty of being a, a bad friend at a bad texter. Bad texter probably. Could I listen? Could have handled it better. But I also go back to like NFL franchises will cut players anytime they want. They will, like our, our colleague John Gruden, who worked for the Bucks, signed an extension and then got fired four months later or whatever it was. Or Like look at Bobby Slovak the, the coordinator for the Texans after last season.


Yeah. He was one of the hot names out there getting all the interviews. He decides to go back to Houston the next season happens. His name is now not in good standing with the rest of the NFL. He gets, he gets fired by the Houston Texans. Lou and Ruo got, yeah. Was was the hottest name after the Bengals go to the Super Bowl. He just got fired by the Bengals. Like, I, I just think it's such a cutthroat business that if you don't look out for yourself, you, you're kind of like, you can't be a nice guy in the NFL. You know, that's really what it comes out. And you know what the craziest part is too? Like I understand Top Bowls is mad. If the Bucks didn't make the playoffs this year, top Bowls probably would've been fired for Liam Cohen. Yeah, But you know what, I, I accept the fact that the bucks are gonna be pissed at him.


Yeah, no, of course they have everybody to get pissed, but I'm Just like, the buck should be like, this guy is a snake. I'm fucking pissed at him. I hope we beat the shit out of him. I hate that guy. That's a, that's a completely preseason reasonable response from the Tampa Bay bucket you used have. Yeah. But just like big picture. I like, yeah, it's a head coaching job, but people Like calling him, You're Probably gonna take it. Yeah. People calling him like a scumbag. I'm just like, I don't know. Where's, where's that same energy when a team does that to a player or a team does that to a coach. 'cause that happens literally all the time. And now it's the one time it's flipped where a coach has kind of fucked over a team. I don't know, it's just the NFL's Cutthroat. It did play out like a soap opera though. Yeah. It was incredible. It succession meets eastbound and down.


I just, I feel like the NFL you just can't expect, like loyalty and feelings just don't exist. Yeah. 'cause everyone's, they know that like the minute things go bad, you're gonna get fired and the, and you have no guarantee of having a job opening like this again, especially with this money. And really the, if you wanna blame anyone, it's probably Shad Khan probably should have just fired tr bulky on, on Black Monday when everyone expected it. But, and this would've made it a lot easier. But to be fair, he was told by tr Baalke that it would be a bad decision to fire tr ba To fire him. Yeah. Yeah. I Think he got bad information. I Think like, on a personal level, I think b you know, people in the Bucks building should be upset. But I also, again, I think that if the Bucks had a chance to do something like this to a coach or someone, they probably would whatever makes their team better, they're gonna do.


So why can't Liam Cohen do whatever makes his life better? You know, the only reason why I'm mad is because Baker. Yeah. Because now Baker has to have another offensive coordinator and they're gonna run that fucking graphic. But he, next year where it's the roller coaster, all the ocs that he is been with, they've gotten fired. This guy left, he got caught, he got traded, whatever, et cetera, et cetera. That's just, that's another thing that he's gonna have to do. Also, Liam Cohen has jumped around. I think he said this is his fifth different job in five years. You hired that guy, you knew that that guy could do this. You Saw the resume, right? Like, It's not, it's not crazy to be like, wow. I never, I thought he would make roots here and, and stay forever. Yeah. Some people convince themselves somehow that it's gonna work for them, even though it never has.


Will, will it work for us? Yeah. I don't think it might. I I also think like the Jags, they, they just got in a spot where, you know, Ben Johnson said no to him. I don't even know if Mike Vrabel interviewed with them and they like had to do a panic move. Yeah. Where the price, they basically boxed themselves into being like, we have to fire Trump alki and pay an insane amount of money so that we can get someone that is sought after. Instead of having a situation where we end up with like the sixth option and everyone's like, wow, the Jags really fucked this up. Well Did would it be totally crazy to think like Doug Peterson would've been a good idea? Keep him around. Let's Keep him around. He's The second best in terms of winning percentage in the history of the franchise. That's true. That's true.


So it was crazy though. The whole thing was crazy. I just thought it was very funny that people were like, how could anyone ever do this? Like it's the NFL. Yeah. It's gonna happen. This happens. Do do you think when a coach gets in front of like a, when like a college coach does a press conference, like, I wanna be here for the rest of my life and then, and then he gets an offer the next day and he jumps. Yeah. Like we've seen that a million times. Like if the Bucks had hired Lane Kiffin to be their offensive coordinator. Yeah. And then he left after a year, would you be pissed at Lane or would you be like, I can't believe that I let the scorpion ride on my back across the river. Right. Right. And then when, and then when Lane Ki gets left on a tarmac at USC, that's the other way. It just goes, I feel like everyone just cuts everyone in in the back in the NFL.


And it sucks, but it's just the truth of it. That, that reminded me of the time that Al Davis fired Lane and had a whole PowerPoint presentation on an overhead projector. Yeah. And he called the media into his room to watch his, his overhead projector. Yes. And outline the reasons why he just fired Lane Kiffin. So that Rocked. Good segue. Speaking of Al Davis, Jerry Jones is in his late Al Davis years because he hired Brian Schottenheimer, which was his offensive coordinator this year. So the Cowboys, basically the, the Cowboys off season is gone blocking Mike McCarthy from doing any interviews, having everyone believe that they were gonna resign. Mike McCarthy, not resigning, Mike McCarthy, then doing like a half-ass search for a head coach, calling Dion once, and then Jerry Jones walking down the hallway and being like, Hey, you, what's your name again?


You wanna be the head coach? And now Brian Schottenheimer's the head coach. And, and Jerry even said one of the weirdest quotes ever. Brian Schottenheimer is known as a career assistant. He ain't Brian no more. He's now known as the head coach of the Dallas Cowboys. That's his name. He ain't Brian no more. That's You also left out Jerry Jones putting off a Emmy worthy performance in Landman. Yeah. That was also a big part of their off season. Yeah. I, well, I think it goes to show you that the Cowboy's job probably, probably not as desirable as Jerry Jones thinks that it is. Yeah. I mean, they didn't even, did they even do a coach search? I don't know if they did. They kind of did. They interviewed a few guys. But if you're Jerry Jones, you, your big sell has always been, you get to be the head, head ball coach of the Dallas Cowboys.


And now I think most football guys are like, that's not necessarily a great thing because that means that Jerry Jones is really the head of the entire operation. And I'm just, I have to learn how to be Jerry Jones's bitch while also pretending to be the alpha on this team when every player on the team understands that like when their boss, their coach is talking to them, he's not really their final boss. Yeah. He's not the boss Boss. And, and this goes to, I've been saying it for a while now 'cause I thought they weren't gonna fire Mike McCarthy or part Ways with him. Jerry Jones, the Jerry Jones from the nineties, and the Jimmy Johnson stuff and Barry Switzer, and then bringing in Parcells. That guy doesn't exist anymore. He just wants a coach that will just follow whatever he says and guess who's gonna follow whatever he says.


The career assistant who is down the hall. He's like, here you be the head coach. He doesn't, he'll never. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Yeah. Ever since Bill Parcells, he's not gonna hire someone who is gonna have that Alpha Energy and be like, this is my show. He's gonna hire people. Jason Garrett, you know Mike McCarthy, who you know, didn't have, who sat out for a year. Guys who were gonna basically do what Jerry says and be like, thank you, Jerry, for giving me a life. Yeah. You're, it's like a situation where your head coach is speaking to you after practice, like taking E Boys. And he is like, the buck stops here with me. I'm the boss. I'm in charge of everything. And then his hat gets blown off by Jerry Jones helicopter as it lands on the field.


Yeah. Yeah. This has to make you PFT and Max. Oh, he's leaving. He's taking a piss. I think it's a Great hire by the time. I think you guys gotta be both very pumped. I think it's are a disaster. I You just have to ask the fans of teams that Schottenheimer has coached for in the past, what they think of him. Yeah. Now I could be wrong. I've been wrong before. I was wrong last year about Dan Quinn. I should have had him second on, I should have him first instead of, but I have him like third. Yeah, but I've been wrong before. I don't always get it right. But if you're asking me right now, I love it. I love this. Hire it. And people are bringing up like, oh, well everyone thought Dan Campbell was crazy. I this hire could work.


I think it's more the fact that the process made no sense. 'cause it doesn't feel again like they did. It felt like Jerry Jones just called up Dion Sanders and was like, do you want the job? He's like, no. He's like, all right. I think he talked to Pete. Pete Carroll too. Yeah. Who? Pete Carroll got hired by the Raiders. Which is awesome because Pete Carroll is, it's gonna be fun to have him back there. He will be on week one. He will be the oldest coach to coach in NFL game. I think he beats Romeo Cornell by like six months. Who was the oldest pre who is the oldest right now when he was interim for the Texans. But the real story with Pete Carroll being in the Raiders is that Jim Harbaugh and Pete Carroll are destined to just go against each other.


I love that. They, no matter what, they will always follow each other. This time it's Pete Carroll following Jim Harbaugh. Obviously we had Stanford and, and USC and their famous dust ups, the biggest upset ever. 40 and one and a half point favorites. Then Pete Carroll goes to the Seahawks. Jim Harbaugh goes to the Niners, and now Jim Harbaugh to the Chargers and Pete Carroll the Raiders. They just, they have to be together. And It's not just those two. That whole division rocks. Yeah. That whole division. You got Andy Reed and Sean Peyton. Yeah. And then Harbaugh and Pete Carroll. Yeah. That's Great. That's gonna be great. I, I'm excited about that. I also like, I like Pete Carroll teaming up with Tom Brady. 'cause Pete Carroll, he's not, he might be on his own TB 12 thing because he does not look like the oldest coach in Football history.


No, he's young. He's young as fuck. Yeah, He's, he's like as young. His body years, his true body years if you were to measure it and whatever. Shit Dana White got extracted from his blood that one time. Yeah. He's probably about as as young as me or you. Yeah. I think our That might actually just say that we're very old. Yeah. But we meet somewhere in the middle. Yeah. Oh, Happy birthday week by the way. What? Yeah. Birthday week. Yeah, birthday. I know. This is our last week in our thirties. I'm not freaking out about It. No, I haven't thought about it at all. Definitely been freaking out about it a little bit. Yeah. Memes is shaking his head. He's so happy. I had to get up. Happy Birthday. It's not our birthday yet. I had to get up three times pee the other Night. It's not our birthday yet. Actually tune into Friday's show because I think PFT and I will by the way, subscribe to the YouTube.


Please Subscribe to the YouTube and watch us on the Friday show. We'll probably do the kiss. 'cause Thursday's my birthday and Friday's yours. That's right. Yeah. So we'll probably do the Kiss Midnight. Exclusive to YouTube only. What A tradition. Yeah. We kiss every year At the stroke of midnight at The stroke of midnight between January 30th and 31st. Yeah. We're gonna be 40. It's Very weird. It's fine. You know what, we just gotta get through like the week where everyone says, ah, you guys are old. And then we'll be young again. So like, we're not 50, 40 Plus. Yeah. That's a cool demographic. Hey, you're fucking like 32. No, I know. Then whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Not yet. Having panic attacks at 32. 31. You're gonna be 32 paying a tax at 31.


Max is gonna be 30. Yeah. I'm over it In two years This year. Oh, Memes, you're like 40 Next month you're 30. Yeah. Next month. Oh my God. We gotta get a, all right. We gotta get an intern this year. We get younger. We gotta get one young guy here. Jack's young. Shane's Young. Yeah, I know. But we need to get, we're gonna, we're gonna do it right this year. We'll get an intern for the whole summer And we gotta get, we can't say age, but we need a teenager. Yeah. Pardon Of my Drake. We need some, we need someone whose, whose parents are really cool and they can sign the waiver. We need a 16-year-old.


Yep. The next generation. What? We're cool. I'm just kidding. We're not gonna get a 16-year-old seventeen's fine unless They're like really good. Yeah. Unless they're really funny. 17. If you're listening to a 17 Big Cat, big academics. Yeah. You can just streaming and get in here like that. Yeah. We want a kid who's like, I went to Riz. I'll just say it. We can't afford the Riz, The spot's open for the Riz. I want a kid walking in here being like, yeah, I started listening to you guys when I was nine. Speaking of the Rizz, what are the Saints doing? Are They gonna hire a Coach? I think Mike McCarthy. Okay. Feels like it. That makes sense. Yeah. Dennis Allen's now the DC in Chicago, but whoever Signs up to coach the Saints, you are, you're walking into Cap.


Hell yeah. This is ongoing cap hell that you Have. Mike McCarthy can get. He's got, he knows numbers. He's got some computers. Yeah.


Alright. Rollback question real quick. Max Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos. Hoodies. Joggers, shorts. I'm wearing the joggers and the new HESI hoodie right now. They're the best. Rollback dot com promo code. Take max Nola.


The question that everyone really wants to know is Saturday night, will you be drinking champagne and getting fucked up? I will not be drinking champagne. I will definitely be getting fucked up. Okay. Are you gonna be losing your phone? I was thinking about just getting a new phone on, on superb. Like That's a good, you Have no, that's not, that's not good Actually. Stupid. What's thought process? What? Stupid. Stupid. I'm concerned Max. The, I don't think, you know what? Enjoy the win. No, that was dumb. But you gotta be mentally don't know. I was right now You're not. Mentally why not just Save all your energy for Sunday? What? Like if I were you like Super Bowl the night before the Super Bowl was Fun. Yeah. No, but Nah, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna guess He went bad last Time. I'm not gonna get as drunk as time.


He Tried to fight you last That was No, I just said that I could fight it. Funniest sign of my life. I, I would, I would sign up for that again. Thing about me Is I'd beat the fuck outta Hank. Yeah. No, I'm not gonna get that drunk. Okay. I'm not gonna get that. You're gonna do numbers. I never said that. Are you gonna, are you gonna creep out any mentalists? I'm gonna puke in an Uber. No, it's no. Shut up memes. Fuck Me having a ball right now. Oh man, That was so funny. No, he's gonna make good decisions. Who's gonna to when he is blackout drunk the night before the Super Bowl in New Orleans? Who's gonna go to the Super Bowl with you? Me, smacky and Ronan. Love that. That's a hell of a A crew. That's a hell of a crew.


Alright, let's do who's back?


Does everybody know here what season it is? Basketball season. That's right. But it's also tax season, which we all know Hank is not a fan of. How are you feeling about that Hank? Well guys, you're not gonna believe this, but I'm actually feeling very good about tax season this year 'cause we have a new partnership with Tax Act. I've been showing memes. It's a do it yourself tax filing software company. They have step-by-step guidance that makes filing easy. I mean, who doesn't want their taxes to be easy? And if you have a question or get stuck, they have US based tax experts who know the ins and outs of the tax system. To answer your questions seems easy to me. Very easy. All you have to do, just go to tax act.com. You got a couple more months, but it's always better to get ahead and stay ahead when it comes to your taxes. That's something I've learned over the years and I'm very happy that I do that now. So you should do that as well. Go to tax act.com. You can talk to a credential tax expert, EA CPAs, tax attorneys, and every tax expert is based in the us So go to tax act.com. Check it out for yourself.


Okay, thank you. Hank,


who's back the weeks also brought to you by our friends at Dove Men's. I just sprayed some on. It's the whole body. Do as you prepare to host the game day celebrations, what are some possible whole body odor related issues you may encounter that make you less confident in your hosting duties? Are you afraid to take off your shoes when you enter your friend's house getting nervous? Your team is down at halftime. Tackle whole body odor with Dove men plus care Whole body. Do this whole body do. Defends against all your odor zones, from pits privates to feet and it's long lasting with 72 hour odor protection. Fine dove men whole body do at Walmart today. I've sprayed some the other day and I was getting some compliments. People were like, damn, you smell good. I was like, yeah, dove. Whole men whole body do. So go right now and get it at Walmart today. You will smell great. Especially if you're hosting. Spray it on. Feel good. Everyone's gonna be complimenting you. Dove whole body do at Walmart today.


Who's back to the week? Hank My who's back to the week is USA. Yeah. Yeah. USA Australian Open. Ariana saa, notorious best women's tennis player. Got number one seed. We were watching this during the Dart stream at two 30 in the morning. I bet a lot on Saska. 'cause I'm like, that's a lock. She's so good. She's the best to do it. Got smoked by Madison Key's American 19th seed in the tournament. Major upset. USA Ossie Open Champion America's back. I like that Hank. That's very good. Very. It's good for the country.


Very good. Hank What happened to Novak? He got hurt. He has Like a crazy hit contusion. Yeah. He tweeted out a picture of his MR MRI and I looked at it. I was like, oh, I see. I had no idea what the fuck It was. Also, he basically won the whole thing. 'cause he beat Alcaraz. Wait, would tweeting out a picture of your Isn't that hippo? He doesn't care about that shit. Yeah. Right. Hey, Hank, you want to recap your dart stream at all? It was great. The dart stream went well. Yeah. It went a lot better than I thought. I got a, a triple because we split it up into the three legs. 180, 180, 1 41. The second leg was always gonna be help, which I thought was gonna take a lot of time. I thought it was gonna be, you know, I was tired.


We're gonna have guests come in. You guys are gonna come in. Anyone can throw darts if they hit two. I always have to take the third one. I hit a 180 in my own the first hour, which was a miracle on its own. Then Max Hit two triple twenties and I just stepped up and hit the third one. First time, absolute miracle if we're being completely honest. And then PFT came in the morning with Blake. He, you know, at his request, we turned into a Gulf Stream. He a hole in one in the first five attempts. No big deal. So the stream I was expecting to like, I was again dreading it. I thought it was still gonna be going right now. Like, I thought I was gonna be living at this office, you know, doing this podcast and being like, all right, see you guys.


I'm gonna go to sleep here. Wake up, continue the stream. So when I got home on Saturday afternoon and, and I was done. It was, it was a great relief. Thank you to everyone who tuned in. It was, it was, it was honestly fun. We had a, we had a good time. Liam Bluman, he got the game Dart. He just hung out just to hang out. Like he didn't even have to be here that I kept trying to tell him like, you don't have to stay, dude. And he was like, no, I'm chilling. Darts are ball. Yeah. Yeah. He game Dart was a, a touching award. I was, I was bouncing in and out on Friday night. When you got started keeping tabs on it. I got oiled up. Yeah. When I, I was about to say, when I tuned in, I was, I was greeted with Hank just completely shirtless, covered in oil throwing darts for about an hour. Can you explain that to me? Everyone in the chat was like, oil up max, oil up, pug oil up hangs Somebody said boil Pugs.


Someone said boil pug. Yeah. And, and I was, I was one leg in and I was like, if we get the second leg done before Lanka starts, which was at two 30 in the morning, I was like, I'll get oiled up thinking that it was not gonna happen. And it happened. So I man in my word, I got oiled up. Yeah. Love it. You were glistening. Love It. It also made the darts so oily. Yeah. Which was No duh, But like, and so hard to throw. Yeah. It, it was a, it was a big detriment to You crushed it. Hank you crushed It. Yeah, my arm. I think if my left arm is definitely pretty injured, if we had gotten another like six to eight hours, I probably would've been like Tommy, John, Terry. I, I tuned in on Friday night when I got home from the movies.


And I, you, I like, almost instantly you hit your first 180 and I was so pumped for you. What about the sleep talking? Yeah. Well, I was worried about the sleep talking. I wasn't even planning on sleeping, but I stayed up. It was like eight o'clock I was getting, we turned the chat, we turned the stream over every 12 hours you have to like, start a new stream just so that it stays live on YouTube. And the overnight vibes were great. We were watching tennis, having a good time. Everyone was positive. We switched over at like 7:00 AM and I hadn't slept, so I was maybe a little irritated too. And everyone was, you know, so negative and they were so annoying. Just, and that's when I realized, I was like, I'm fatigued, I'm tired. Like I'm not, we had the rocks on 10 minute edge where I got a mulgan.


I didn't get through it. And I was like, I need to take a break. I'm gonna take a nap two hours. And then we'll, you know, we'll finish this thing. Didn't put on any mouth tape. And my friend Kurt, who you guys have all met, he was in the chat at like 4:00 AM Like, he just popped in and was like, oh, what's, what's up? And I was like, oh, Kurt. So it must have just been on the top of my mind. And in my sleep I was yelling. I was just like, Kurt. Kurt. Which was my biggest fear. 'cause I, I, yeah, I've gone into trouble before where I just, I don't know. I, it's, I don't know why I say what I say. I don't have any recollection of the dreams or what's going on in my head when I say it. But I have woken up many times with people being like, what the fuck was that?


Who is this person? Like, what is that about? And I'm like, I have no idea. So the, I'm happy It was just Kurt, like, that's where it's like, shit gets weird in my sleep. I was worried about it. And that was why. That's Very funny. Yeah. He probably thinks you're dreaming about him. No, I texted him a clip. I was like, yeah, You, yeah. I mean, he was in the chat. Yeah. Yeah. But it's always like, it's like one of those random things that's like, it's not, there's no rhyme or reason. It's just like, it was probably because I was like talking about him or to him like late at night and then it was just like, yeah. Yeah. He's the last thing in your head. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. PFT or who's back? My who's back in the week is gonna be not understanding jokes. Mm. 'cause Hank has been on this go side for the last five days. Mm.


And when he explained it, me and Big Cat were just like, yeah, wait, what's, what's the joke? I don't think it's, I don't, I don't, You think it's, it's very funny. I don't know. It might be funny. I don't know. I don't, yeah, I don't know either. I don't think it's funny. You think it's funny? No, I don't. Basically what happened was Guy wants his wife. You're way too deep online. His wife. Yeah. No, this, You probably know this a guy. There's a, there's a, a coffee shop in Arizona where the, the baristas wear bikinis. A guy got caught on video, jerking off while trying to order coffee. He became a meme and then he killed himself. So it's not funny. Agreed. Not funny at all.


But Hank keeps bringing up the Una side. But Hank was like, did you guys see about the Una side then earlier, like 30 minutes ago. Hank was like, they held a Gunnar rule. They had a Gunnar rule For him. Hank explained to us last week And we just sat here. We're like, wait, where? That's not the guy died. That's fucked up. And he was just like, yeah, I probably shouldn't have said this out. Hank, do you think they're, it's one of those things just needs to stay online. You think he is gonna be cremated Again? Like I, I can't help memes make me laugh. And sometimes they're, they're messed up. Hank who's gonna eulogy. Yeah, Exactly. Like, it's, it's a sad story. Not understanding jokes. Did I tell you guys the the one that I had for the Gunnar roll? The Gunnar roll. The Seary, yeah.


Yeah. The one I had last week that made me want to kill myself was our good friend Keith Yandel, who's now part of Barstool Sports. Shout out Spit and Chiclets. They've added Ys. I was talking to Ys about mini golf and like, now that he's part of Barsol, I was like, we gotta get you into all these things. And I was like, you gotta come and do March Madness with us. And he replied and he is like, when is that? And I was like, it's March. And he's like, yeah, I fucking know. I was joking. And I was like, I want to, to, yeah. I might just kill myself and leave it as a suicide note. But to be fair, you, you were texting with Ys and you, in your mind it was like 50% like texting with biz.


Yeah. But he like, maybe, maybe this just A biz Ys has got, like he said to me and then he made worse. He's like, I think he's like, I used to get all the Canadian dudes in the locker room with that one. I think you're the first American I've ever gotten. And I was like, God fucking damnit. I love ya. So, but yas is the best. So hopefully he'll, he'll be here for March Madness, which is in March. Also a little bit in April. Yeah. Speaking of which, my, who's back National sports podcast, college basketball college basketball's back for me. Feast week. I, I love college basketball. But now that the football is over, weekends are for a lot of America College basketball. Quick thoughts on college basketball. Duke is a problem, but the a CC fucking sucks.


So I'm just gonna tell myself that they're good only because they're killing everyone in the a, CC. The SEC is so goddamn loaded. Auburn and Alabama are both really fucking good. Tennessee's good. Florida's really, really good. Houston's the same team every year. And I'm trying to think what other thoughts. Kansas. Kansas, well Kansas, that was one of, I hate Kansas so much now that was, they were, they were up six going to the line with 18 seconds left and somehow lost that game in double overtime. Is that worse than what a and m did though? A and m was? No, because I should have even said Kansas also in regulation.


They were up three and they got a five second call with two timeouts. Yes. A and MI like a and MI think A and M's gonna be a good tournament team. But yeah, they, they completely choked against Texas. That Was meltdown, that was bad. Total meltdown. And then also for the sickos and perverts out there, I have started to believe in the Wisconsin Badgers who are ranked and their offense is actually awesome and they wap threes. And so get ready for me to have my heart broken on that because I actually believe that they could make a, a run, which they won't. And you guys will get to watch that on live stream also, last one I had was Villanova Dead next.


So when you told me to bet Eric Dixon, player of the year, and I bet it was that a bad bet? Bad bet. I didn't even get a week of thinking that was a good bet. Incorrect Yukon. Yukon. Yeah. Yukon Yukon. It was a hundred to one. I like, if you give someone a hundred to one, you can't be like, oh, what the fuck? It's a a hundred to one. It obviously wasn't gonna win. Villanova was supposed to make the tournament, you said? Yeah, and then they started sucking again. But it's okay. By the way, people are mad about Dan Hurley, if you missed it last week, he yelled at a ref, don't turn your back on me. I'm the best fucking coach in the league or in the country.


Jay Billis did a whole preachy thing where he is like, this Is just, you're being disingenuous. Yeah, He was, he did a preachy thing. I can't say this clearly enough. College basketball needs asshole coaches. That's what it was built on. It's the, the players changed. Especially In the Big East. The transfer portal has changed everything. You don't know who you're rooting for. I need a bahe, I need a coach. KI need a, like as much as I hate Coach K, he has that that like, ah, I hate him. I wanna root against him. Dan Hurley is that if you hate him, that's good for college basketball. So I want him to do whatever he wants to do. He's also being just as hard on his own players as he refs. Yeah. Although he had a great line.


Was it, was it against Villanova that, that caravan missed the free throws? Yes. Yeah. Caravan missed. Two free throws. He's a great free throw shooter. And Hurley Hurley told what? He missed one. It was a bald on lie. It was a terrible call. Oh yeah, yeah. It was a bad call. And Hurley just told him after, he's like, if you wanna cry about it, go cry about it with your two national championship rings. It's like get get back to practice. Auburn's really good though. Auburn's really good. No Auburn and Alabama both really good. Yeah, the SEC is loaded. I mean the SEC has teams. Mississippi State's good. Kentucky's good. Vandy just beat Kentucky. Like the SEC top to bottom is so goddamn good that it's gonna be like, I don't know how each team is going to survive.


Mississippi's good. Like Mississippi State, Mississippi State, Mississippi, like all these teams are really fucking good. Missouri's decent. So yeah, I'm excited for college basketball and it's always fun 'cause I love just getting really mad. Just kids. Yeah. I, I watched Hunter Dickinson. Not a kid. Not a kid. And he's just 25. Doesn't whatever I've been watching. His defense is just because you stand up and down straight up and down doesn't mean you're playing good defense. I've Been watching about two college basketball games a week for the last month or so. This weekend is really when I sink my teeth into college basketball. Yeah. This week when you got the Pro Bowl on, it's like you can focus on it for the first time. I love It. I love it. They also need to figure out the schedule because they don't like, it used to be that Monday and Thursday still had a lot of games.


They've taken away Monday and Thursday and Tuesday and Wednesday has all the games and it's just a 'cause Friday now has games. Just give us even out the games. Even out the games. Also, Doug's is back 3:00 PM today I'm gonna be doing a Doug Stream so tune in. We just got one last one that we're gonna do a little, you know, there's no, there's no football on for two weeks, so we're gonna do a Doug Stream, gonna get there, try to try to win some games, have some fun. We haven't decided exactly the format either. I'm gonna try to win a Natty playing in the tournament. Yeah, that's what I'm gonna do. Not play Jerry, Jerry will be there though for defensive coordinating in the, so I'm gonna start, I'm gonna basically start at the playoff and try to win a Natty for a couple hours.


So tune in on the, Pardon My Take YouTube and subscribe to the Pardon My Take. YouTube. Did we hit 600 K? Not yet. Everyone show Don at a million. Everyone please subscribe. Your Don show your dong me just shown your dong. Yeah, We agreed to that on the dark string. Oh okay. Can you gonna oil up his dong? No. In Madden. Oh or in Doug's. In Doug's. Yeah. I get oil up. I don't know why you just agreed to that. Memes. I want it now. We said It like if we get to a million by the end of the, you said it. If we get to a million by the end of the stream, you would show dong just like eventually it will get to a million I'll helicopter after my shit for a million. Yeah, let's go. Just start an only fans and put your dong on there.


Million. We need a million. What if Memes Dong had like a, I imagine it has like a Jet's helmet on at all times. Memes. Memes Dong is just a meme of a dong. Alright, let's finish up. We got numbers before we do that.


Jack Pockett, as you know, you can get scratch off tickets with the Jack Pockett lottery app. That's right. You can order Scra scratch in states like Texas, Ohio, Massachusetts, Arizona, and other select states. Don't forget Jack Pockett also lets you order Powerball and Mega Millions tickets right on your phone. Download Jack Pockett new customers. Get your first ticket free with code PMT. That's code PMT only on Jack Pocket. Go right now. Use code PMT on Jack Pockett. Okay. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text Hope NY 18 or older 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited promo code required for $2. Non withdrawal credit. Prize amount may differ at time of drawings. Terms Jack pocket.com/tos/free. Dash ticket dash promo slash


Okay. Numbers five three Chiefs three. Repeat also JC on Wednesdays coming in person 1159 For the Super Bowl. 99 P 34, that was Jack. 2140 Jordy, what was yours? Five. What was yours, max 1141.


Oh. Love you guys.