
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today is part of my take. NFL Week 14. We've got a lot to discuss. There were some stinkers. There also was the Bills Rams game, which was incredible. The Bears fucking suck. The Steelers and Vikings. I'm ready to start putting a lot more respect on their name. We're also gonna talk a little college football playoff because it did just come out so we, we'll maybe break down the bracket. I know we usually do Wednesdays, but feel like we have to do it Today. We're gonna do who's back of the week? Fastest. Two minutes.


It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA season is rolling along playing Pick six from DraftKings, an official partner of the NBA A is a way to get even more into action following your favorite players. It's super simple to get started. First, download the DraftKings Pick six app, then select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat, like points, rebounds, three pointers and more. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including California, Texas, Georgia, Missouri, and more. And for all, first time pick six players. Check this out. Now. New customers play $5. Get $50 in pick six credits. The fun of the NBA season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings. Pick six app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5. Get $50 in. Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is your Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 30 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football. My my, my Welcome to part of my take presented by Draft Kings. The fun of the NBA season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings. Pick six app now and use code. Take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5. Get $50 in.


Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, December 9th, week 14. Oh, they're not going to get 'em. Al spread. We start in Minnesota where Sam, Hey darn. Played like a real football head or as we should call him. Mr. Win. The announcers started calling Donald Tyreek Hill with how many times he, he looked add a son after Jordan scored three times on Sundays.


Shirk responsibilities. Cousins look like Mincy out there sharing two bad picks and refusing to go anywhere but south as it may be. Time Atlanta to take out their Phoenix Vikings. 42 Falcons. 21. What? What we go to Nashville, Tennessee. Where yesterday someone maed out my mural. That type of energy will make the Jags move to Europe with no Ariana Blondie. Trevor Lawrence, the Jags were relying on their ground game saying, take you next Bigsby. Tony Hinchcliffe Pollard. Yet again, roasted the giant pile of garbage known as the Jaguars D while kicker Nick Falk around and had a triple double making both field goals. Doug Skeen keeps edging, delaying the firing that will never come.


Meanwhile, Brian Callahan job is struggling to maintain a fern grip, leaving many Titans fans wondering if they could just do a better job themselves. Jaguars 10. Titans six. The Jaguars, huh? Huh huh. Winning streak in Florida Down to Tampa where Patty cake, Patty cake, bakers men bake me Aade as fast as you can. Throw it and toss it and run it with Bucky. Put it in the oven for Chabe and me. The Bucks seemed to be playing like there was bad blood against AIDS in O'Connell. And we all smiles going, giving HIVs. I'm sorry. That was Roman numerals. High fives on the sidelines. Desmond Ritter came on in relief.


And the only thing Desmond does is riter your team a chance of ever winning a football game. Again. Nice guy though. Heard He is a really nice guy. Very nice guy. Very nice guy. Bucks 28. Raiders 13. And we're staying in the state of Florida over to memes In Miami. This just in Tyreek Hill has another bm, not Baby Mama. The dumpy just left on the Jets. The Dolphins took a big number two on the Jets, beating them in ot. 32 to 26. Anders Carlson was a workaholic with four field goals and two extra points. Aaron Kenny Rogers didn't play like a chicken today and got no help from running back. Brandon, do the chickens Have large Allens who looks anything but dynamite. They need a win.


Stop doing this voice. They need a win next week to prevent being the Riz Lord's height. Three and 11 DA three two. Jet 26. Oh the Risler. My favorite guy in the world. Okay, we head over to Max Carolina and Philadelphia. We head to Philly where Bryce Neil Young was saying, there's a lot of people saying we won't touch the spread. Don't feel like the Giants, but I am to them. So I try to forget it any way I can keep all rocking in the green world. He found it. He found it. And and rock. They did for most of this game, largely in part, in part to Jake Malak Elliot, who had fans wondering what is going on with NFL Kickers trailing By sixth.


The bans had a chance to take the lead late in the fourth, but Xavier Goose Egge ended with a zero in the touchdown department after dropping the game winning score Eagles 22. Panther 16. We go down to Glendale where the Cardinals dressed in all black and laid in weight for the Seattle CEO Hawks. But Kyle Murray misfired twice early and Zach Chardonnay made them wine as he barreled in for a couple sips pointers. Michael Jackson Smith and Jig Ba were singing Billy Geno's, not my lover, he just a guy who once got punched in the jaw, but he likes throwing me the ball. Adding a score as a Seahawks escape like smooth criminals with a division win.


Seahawks 30, Cardinals 18. Staying out west of San Francisco where clock Purdy looked like Big Ben. Letting the Bears know what time it was saying this is our game to lose. And all the Bears could do was watch Clock. Purdy also looked like Big Ben stalling in the pocket until he got exactly what he wanted. George Lucas Kittle almost OB won this game. Solo mulling all over soft Bears defense for those asking if the Niners are still good. Yo duh. Well, Caleb Williams couldn't compose a score. If you're asking what Brown can do for you, well, the answer is not win a football game as the Bears lose again. Niners 38, Bears 13 for the game of the day.


Henry Lockwood was on the scene. Yes, in Los Angeles. Kyron Sinat Williams said, thank you Bills for the seven gifted points as he crossed over the goal line. To get the scoring started, Josh Allen Ginsburg punched in a one yarder and then how old at the hostile Rams crowd. In the second quarter, the bills dropped back to Punt and it's blocked and scooped up by Hunter s Thompson lung. And he was gonzo into the end zone for another touchdown. Pooky Hawk. Tua was pulling the rug from under the Bills D all day to the tune of 162 yards and two scores. As the bills tried to mount a comeback return on the Mack Collins caught a td, as did Khalil Shakira's, whose hips did not lie.


However, the Bills defense did. And they fall in a shootout. 44, 42. Great job, Hank. Was That a, was that a poetry reference? Henry? Multiple. Boom. Wow. I didn't know you were that Educated. I'm literate. Stand in on the corner. Jamis Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fine sight to see. You're not Deone. Thank God. Watson's not allowed to wave a towel terribly, terribly. Come on Tony ca blow me the Steelers.


Put some fries on your Poone Steelers. 27 Browns 14. And that is the Fastest two minutes for week 14 in the NFL.


It's brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that Silverado as a partner, a partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of, pardon my Jake, take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio last year. Grit Week. And they have everything Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com to build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strengthen capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week 14 in the books PFT We had not the most exciting early slate of games, but it all made up for it with the Bills Rams game in the afternoon. But one Of the best games of the year. But we, we what what I was gonna say was we made it all. Bi weeks are done. Yep. We finally did it. We're in the home stretch. So we will hopefully not have another Sunday like this where it's like, there were multiple games that I was not watching whatsoever. There were teams also that I missed. Yeah. There were big, like I miss, I miss watching Jaden play football. Yeah, that's what I realized today. You missed who else was on Buy The Ravens. The Ravens are Hole. The Ravens big hole. Big hole. Gaping, gaping hole with the Ravens gaping Hole from the Ravens, the Colts Colts.


Anthony Richardson. Yeah. I missed him doing something. Doing something crazy. Something Crazy and, and having a discourse about it. But we did have a couple good games early. The Patriots, we missed them. Yeah. No, no. Bo Yeah, no Bo We had no Bo this week. I forgot about Bo. Yeah. Should never forget about Bo. We did have though. I I, I walked away from Sunday being like, I think there are two teams that I'm not respecting enough. And we'll start with the first one. Vikings 42 Falcons 21. This was the Sam Donald Show and Jordan Addison and, and Justin Jefferson. But holy shit. Sam Donald was 22 for 28. 347 yards, five touchdowns and the Vikings. Why aren't we talking about the Vikings like the Eagles and the Lions?


I know that they have a couple tough games coming up, but damn the Vikings are good. So it is funny you brought that up again. 'cause I I pulled up the Vikings schedule here and so they've got the Bears Yeah. Win for them. The Seahawks. Yeah. The Packers and the Lions. The last two weeks are gonna be, be very, very interesting. At least. Yeah. They're gonna find out Vikings what they really are. But the Vikings are, all they do is just keep winning. They had that two game losing streak where they lost the lines then lost to the Rams with the Sam Donald face mass call. But they're just really, really good. And I know this was a close game for a while. And then Ray, Ray McLeod fumbled and the, and it basically just opened up wide. But the Sam Donald is awesome.


Sam darn. Are we at the point where the Vikings should consider resigning Sam Donald? Yes. Yes. You, you probably should. 'cause JJs probably good, but you don't know. But we know that Sam's good. Sam Donald's Also only 27 years old. We know that Sam is good. Yeah, He, he's, he was really good. Today's Enough. I don't wanna hear anybody waiting for Sam Donald to turn back into a pumpkin. He Might. He's turning into Pumpkin Spice is de Saber. Yeah, He's funny. Get on board. He like those. I thought there were, I thought it was replays when we were watching because it was, it just, there was multiple times where he would scramble around and then hit Jordan Addison or Justin Jefferson just standing by themselves. Yeah. 50 yards down the field. The Vikings have achieved like a full circle thing where Justin Jefferson amazing receiver And we all know that he's so like physically dominant that you have to put like two guys on him.


Yep. And then Jordan Addison, he started to put up so many numbers that people were like, oh fuck, we gotta cover Jordan Addison. How do we do this? And guess what, Jefferson is back open now. Yes. Yeah. That was, they basically were switching back and forth. They were doing the Ray Allen tweet with the Receivers. They were there, there was one play in particular where I think it was, it was Jefferson had his hand up after like it was like six yards. Downfield kept his hand up for about 10 seconds to throw him the damn ball. Yeah. Then the Falcons defensive back just falls down. Jefferson catches it, walks into the end zone. They did the white girls dance on him. Yeah. They got pretty Disrespectful. Well, they scored so many times. They had to like, they got deep Jordan Addison scored three times. Justin Jefferson scored twice. I feel like both those guys, once you get to your third touchdown, you, you're deep in your bag of, of celebrations.


Yeah. But I'm, I'm impressed that they had that many celebrations choreographed ready to go. Yeah. Well it was, I I just think the Vikings are surging at the right time. This also was, I don't think there's bad blood with Vikings fans and Kirk cousins, but it had to feel good knowing that Sam Donald had his best game of his career in front of Kirk Cousins who left the franchise last year or, or, or this off season. And Sam Donald in his last four games is 11 touchdowns, zero interceptions. Kirk Cousins is zero touchdowns, eight interceptions. Yes. Looks like he went back into a pumpkin. Yeah. I he it is. Not a lot of quarterbacks have gone four weeks with zero touchdowns. It's bad. And it wasn't all Kirk Cousins's fault because they were, well, no, I mean they, the Falcons defense was just letting guys run wide open it.


Kirk Cousins didn't play well. He, that that interception, that one handed interception in the end zone by the Vikings was so sick. That was a good pick. I think Kirk said after the game that it was, at one point it was tied 2121 and then I think it might have been, I think that Was the Ray Ray McLeod. Yeah. Then the next time he touched the ball, I think they were down 14. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think the Vikings scored then kicked off then the Ray, Ray McLeod, then it, then it just, the whole game got away from them. But I, so there, there Is a little bit of bad blood there because they booed him. Yeah. They greeted Kirk cousins with booze, which I didn't Expect That I personally love to be greeted with booze. Yeah. But for Kirk, like, it seems a little, I don't know, maybe they don't like the fact that he left. I don't know. Maybe He could have taken less money and stayed there.


He, he was pretty good for a really long time. Maybe it's just like they never got to a Super Bowl. I don't know. Well, I mean, I, I shouldn't, I shouldn't condescend towards Vikings fans because I actually know exactly what they're going through. Yeah. 'cause I myself dealt with it for a while. Post Kirk Cousins, you get frustrated at Kirk for not being like a great quarterback. You have him on your team for a while. He's pretty good and he is pretty consistent most of the time. And then he leaves to take more money somewhere and you're like, I hate that guy because I feel like I wasted years of potentially good teams. But You shouldn't boo in this game because Kirk Cousins helped you win this game. Yeah. You, Sam Donald is significantly better at this point of his career than Kirk Cousins. Correct. The Best revenge is living well. Yeah. So it was, when I say it wasn't all Kirk Cousins's fault, he did not play well.


He has not played well in the last four games. But the Falcons did have 127 yards of penalty penalties. They had the fumble on the kickoff. They also just let Jordan Addison and Justin Jefferson run wild. The Falcons are we, we said on Friday we're gonna, we're gonna be doing this show on Monday and it's gonna be the bucks in first place in the NFC South. And that's exactly what happened. And the Falcons are, it just feels like it's all falling apart at the end here. And Michael Pennix, It might be Pennix Time, it might be Pennix time. So you drafted him. Why wouldn't you get him a little like In, in a weird way that might have been a great move on draft night. We'll see what happens. But the way that Kirk's playing, having a first round pick that you can go to is a luxury that I think a lot of teams don't have.


If, if he's Elis a spark, he's something new. Well, and If the season is is, I mean they, they still have the tiebreaker against the box and their schedule is not super, super hard. The hardest game is against the Commanders. They play the Raiders and Giants next. But if your, if your season's over, you might as well get Michael Pennix in. Yeah. You gotta get 'em some starts. So then the Vikings have, they don't really have a decision to make this off season because you kind of have to keep Kirk Cousins, Right? You mean the Falcons start The Falcons? Yes. Because because the Vikings do have a decision. Yes. You have Dec you have a big decision to make. But the, the Falcons kind of have their hands tied in a way. 'cause I, I don't know. I always know the NF NFL's salaries and, and contracts are fake Cousin's cap hit next year. His, his salary is pretty much guaranteed for two seasons.


Got it. So if you cut him this off season, you're gonna own like $50 million against the cap. Got it. The Falcons don't have a lot of cap room to work with. The only thing you can try maybe to work out, but he probably has no trade clause is a trade with another team that is in a similar situation with a quarterback that they're paying way too much guaranteed money to Yeah. The Browns. Yeah. That would be interesting. That would be interesting. That would be very interesting. I I think that they both probably have no trade clauses. But didn't Sean, he, he was like thinking about going to the Falcons? I think so. I just don't think Kirk would go to Cleveland. No, I don't think that makes sense. And also Cleveland's spoken for Yes. Jamis is gonna be there and he's gonna get, he's gonna get a new young quarterback. They're gonna draft one.


He's gonna train him and we're gonna, he's gonna keep the Jameis flame going forever. But yeah, I I feel like the clock is ticking now with Kirk Cousins very nice guy. But especially if the season, like what have they lost four in a row? And it feels like they have no momentum whatsoever. I, this was why last week was actually the, the game that was like, that had to be the most disappointing game because their defense played so well last week against the Chargers. And then he went back to being the Falcons defense this week and now Yeah. I I throw in Michael Pennix. Yeah. Throwing Michael Pennix. Do you think cousins Is hurt? He might be. He could just be older. He looks uncomfortable. Yeah. He looks very uncomfortable in the pocket while also Playing with Brian Floor's.


Defense is not fun. That's true. Do you think that some teams, like, do you think the Falcons blitz more today because they were playing against, against that defense? Yeah. That blitzes you more Yeah. Some coordinator's like if you're gonna, I'm gonna blitz you too. Yeah. Let's, let's, Let's do a nuclear arms race of blitzes. And you should not blitz Sam Dar Yeah, Sam Dar Is really good against the Blitz. And they're like, Hey, you call off the blitz. We'll call off the Blitz. Yeah, exactly. You Get gentleman's game. No more blitzes. You get caught into playing their game. Yeah. Yeah. No, Sam, Sam Dar, that was the best game of his career. He's 27 years old. Is it crazy to watch this memes? Yeah, it's wild. Should have been on the Jets, but he's on on the purple pastures. He, but Yeah, to get to your original point, I I was gonna say, I feel like the, the Vikings are right there like second tier NFC.


Yeah. And I don't, I don't know. I mean it will, they'll prove it when they play the Lions in the, in the Packers. Like if they beat the Lions in Packers, why aren't they first tier? Yeah, They could be. Yeah. So it's, I mean they played the Lions very close. They've already beaten the Packers. They beat the Eagles too. In the preseason. Yeah. In the preseason. Max Max is getting upset. There He is. In no way. Max, just so you know, the last minute of part of my take has been me and Big Cat subtly trolling you hoping that you'll lose your shit? Nope. I think the Vike are really good, Viking. They, they're, they're good. Yeah. The Vi the Vikings look different this week. I thought, I thought this was like an eyeopening week for them. Correct. Correct. I was like, this is, so I thought that they were frauds and I'm like, they're, they're legit. Yeah. Right. Because I don't know, like no matter how good your defense is, having to cover their weapons is a matchup nightmare.


Like there's just no, there's, they're so goddamn good. And, and it looks like the Vikings, I mean, they're 11 and two right now. It feels like they're, I mean, unless they can beat the Packers and the Lions, they're going to be in that fifth seed and they're gonna be a team that no one wants to play. Well. So they beat the Packers 31 29. They lost to the Lions 31, 29. Yeah. They're right in there. The, the Packers game is the one where Jordan Love was terrible in the first half and then caught fire and the Lions game was back and forth. Yeah. I I, I'm, I'm a believer in, in the vi I feel like the NFC playoffs, I've been thinking of it as like a two team race and we'll actually get to another team. The Seahawks where it's like, there are, there are five teams now in the NFC playoffs where I'm like, I don't know man.


They're playing great ball right now. Yeah. Kevin O'Connell maybe Coach of the year. He's in the discussion. Yeah, absolutely. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Okay. Next up. Steelers, Browns Steelers, 27 Browns 14. The Steelers regular season home game streak against the Browns can now officially drink. It's 21 years since the Browns have beaten the Steelers in the regular season in Pittsburgh. Also, the Browns have not swept the Steelers since 1988. Yeah, I saw the 88 thing. That's, that's a rough one. But you did, you did win that playoff game. I know it was Covid. Yeah. But you'll always have that, that counts with Baker. That absolutely counts. We got, We got a little, a little bad Jamus today.


Yeah, I'd say so. Yeah. The intercept, my problem with Jamis first interception today wasn't that it was thrown to a defensive tackle. Wasn't that It was a, a misguided throw. Ill-advised throw. It wasn't a fun Jamis interception. No. I get bummed out when I see boring Jamis Winston dull interceptions. He just, he just missed that the lineman slipped there, you know, slipped underneath and, and was standing right there for it. So Yeah. We, we did, however, get some ca darious Tony slapstick comedy today. Oh my God. So he muffed the punt at the very end, just kind of dropped it and fell down. But the punt that he had before that where he caught it successfully and then after the whistle just threw the ball at the Steelers.


Yeah. And got a penalty. Like he's, he is the best at actively making your team lose game. He Has to be the record in negative EPA Negative war. Yeah. I the, when he, when he, when the ball went just right through his hands for the punt, we all were like, wait, was that Cary? Is Tony? Yep. What the fuck he is? Yeah. He's not good. And, and the Browns had him out there. The Browns also have maybe the worst kicker in the league. 'cause I feel like Hopkins just misses a kick every single week. And they're the Browns, the Browns are bad. But I, I walked away from this game. The Steelers? No, George Pickens not as fun without George Pickens. Although Pat Friar Moth did punt a ball into the stands and he said someone had to get fined with George out.


Yep. Pretty. He did that one for George. It was like pulling one Out. Yeah. Yeah. But the Steelers defense showed why they're one of the best units in football. And Russ, who was ba not great in the first half, kind of righted it in the second half, got Mike Williams going. Yeah, I'm, I'm ready, I'm ready for the steel. Like, Steelers are gonna be a really tough, 'cause I, I'm always thinking like the old Russ is gonna sh not old, old Russ, but like Bronco's Russ is gonna show up. Yeah. It might just be dead mid. He might just be, he might just be old Russ Seahawks Rus. We, he's playing with a lot more confidence. Like with the way that he is moving around the pocket. He's not really thinking. He's just going Yeah. Which is good, Russ. And then the moon balls are back. For sure. The Steelers defense was awesome today.


First play of the game, the Browns ran the play where they don't block TJ Watt and they hope that he's not fast enough to get to the ball carrier. It happens every week. I don't know. I still have no idea how teams try to do this and think they can get away with it. Yeah. They also did the play where they didn't block Alex Highsmith multiple times. Yeah. That one too. It was, it was just the Steelers defense was all over Jamus. And by the way, Jameis, I think God answered his prayers because of the interception he did throw did not result in a pick six. Yep. He threw two, neither of them brought back for an inter for a touchdown delivered From pick sixes. Delivered From pick sixes. He's good. I do want Jamis to, to, to stick around in Cleveland. I want them to draft a quarterback. I want 'em to have like a new puppy that he can, you know, train and, and maybe get some life back into Jamis.


Mm. I want that. What about, what about Shado Sanders to the Browns? There's no way that, and then Deion Sanders will let Shado Sanders go to the Browns P and then Jamis gets Mo then they bring Dion up to be co-head coaches, Kevin. And then they put Jamis at offensive coordinator in a year. Yeah. There's, there's 0% chance. No Shado Sanders, by the way. I have, I have a, a tweet because everyone you know, says that Jamis had a bad game. You know, not great. I just wanna throw this out there. Jamis Winston 45, well, I don't know what that is. I don't know what the 45 is. So 240 yards, two touchdowns, two interceptions, loss verse and elite defense, people say Bum can't trust him.


Kyler had 275 yards, two touchdowns, two hundreds lost. But he got paid cousins, 344 yards, zero touchdowns, two interceptions loss also paid. Bryce 220 yards, one touchdown, one interception. He's been rejuvenated. Jamis has never judged versus peers. Put verse perfection so he can be denigrated. There You go. That's how it goes. That Was Jam one of won. That's how it goes. Let the record show Jam did not have the worst week of any quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. Yet again, bum can't trust him while everyone else gets paid. So now the, the Steelers are in a two game lead in that division. Right. They got 10 wins. Ravens have eight And they got the big game coming up next weekend. The big game. The Big game against the Eagles.


Right. The Battle Of Pennsylvania. Yeah. The Stegel. That's gonna be a, we'll find out if the Eagles are for real. Yeah. Game if they're on the Vikings level yet. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I I am, I'm, I'm a full believer in Russ. So what, it's crazy to say, I never thought I'd be back here. What Is holding you back from fully believing in the Steelers? 'cause I, I believed in them for no A month. I'm saying I do. Is there anything though, like if you were to nitpick them in the playoffs? Yeah, it's Russ. It's Russ. Yeah. Yeah. It's Russ like ending up being, you know, like the pressure gets to him and he takes sacks and it's Russ. But I, I mean their defense has always been incredible. If anybody makes the moment too big, it could be Russ. Yeah. That, that's it. That's the only hiccup. Everything else. And obviously they need George Pickett back because their offense is so much more fun with him.


Fun for us. Although Tomlin was like pretty feisty after the game. He's like, I've been telling you guys that this offense is good. Even without Pickens guys. I mean, Mike Williams look got going. Yeah. He made a sick catch. Okay, next up we have Eagles. 22 Panthers 16 survive in advance. Yep. The Eagles survive in advance. Almost lost the game. Xavier Legett dropped the win touchdown catch Bryce Young outplayed Jalen Hurtz. That's what people are saying. The Eagles kind of played down to their competition. Yeah. The Eagles should have, it felt like they should have won by more just because Saquon was like, every time they handed him the ball, he would rip off 10 yards. But they were trying to get the passing offense going.


And now we have AJ Brown saying he was asked afterward what the issue is. He said the passing Passing, he didn't passing, he didn't say the passing game. He Didn't say offense. He Said passing. He didn't, he didn't say the receiving. He said passing. He said the passing. I I do wanna just clarify something I said earlier about them playing down to their competition. I actually don't think that's the case. I think the Panthers might just be kind of Okay. No, the Panthers last five games are win-win lost by three to the Chiefs division leader lost by three to the Bucks. Division leader lost by six to the Eagles division leader. The Panthers are, are playing great ball. They can play a one score game against anybody in the league. Yeah. No, I, that was, that was a impressive performance from Bryce Young.


I do think he is the quarterback of the future now for the Panthers, which is awesome because it looked like one in seven. It looked like everything was lost. Now you not only have a quarterback, but you have a coach and Dave Canales who's, you know, coaching him up. They're not a great roster. And he is staying with all these teams that are gonna be playoff teams. So Yeah. I, I'm, I'm a believer in this Panthers team going forward with Bryce Young, which is crazy to say, but the Eagles, they're fine. There's another issue. They're fine. But the passing that AJ Brown, you would rather not have AJ Brown kind of call out Jalen Harris. The passing and the kicking And the Kicking. Jake Elliot has not made a 50 yard field goal this year. Kicking is a major, major problem right Now. It's Oh, for five on kicks over 50 yard, the Yards.


The panic button is officially, They were in a spot to kick a, like a 57 yarder to make the game. Six to nine, two score. Yeah. Yeah. Two score game. And they chose not to Last year. You, you make that decision a thousand times out of a Thousand. It's automatic. It was, there was no question about it last year. Now it's like you can't trust him to do anything. Yeah. So Max, you've been trying to line things up just perfectly going into next week. Again, you've been thinking about the Steelers game for a while. I would say that winning a close one that you could have lost at the end. Pretty good way to head into the Steelers matchup. Yeah. I mean the Steelers game is big. It's more so big just because of the inha like the Barstow aspect of it though.


Like, it's a big game, but like it's an a FC team, But you're trying to, you're trying to get the ones And you're trying to make a statement. Correct. Correct. But if like it's a, it's, it's not, not as important as the, as the other three games going forward because it's an a FC game and the tiebreaker is, Every game should be important. Yeah. Every game is important. The pan, this Panthers game was important. I said that this game was, was funky and I thought it was, it was gonna be an N-F-N-F-L makes no sense Game. Yes. Basically was. It was. Yeah. I mean, Xavier Legett catches that ball. Although you were saying we're fine, we're fine, we're fine. Well There was, there was still 45 seconds and three time outs. But So Jake Elliot. Jake Elliot. Yeah. Jake Elliot. So what are you concerned at all though about AJ Brown?


Because that feels concerning, But AJ Brown does that shit like every other week. Like if he, that That's, are you not concerned? I guess, but not really because that's just like kind of the way AJ is. He doesn't, we've talked about that with good receivers. Is that Yeah. Like you want a little bit of Yeah, you want that Jalen hurts Because he didn't catch a lot of balls. I'm sure if he caught six balls and the, and it was the exact, and or if he caught to the Devonte Smith touchdown. He doesn't say it. The Jalen Hurts had a couple weird plays. That one where he just slid for like a nine yard loss when he could have thrown it away. That one was bizarre. That looked like he got hurt. It was like one of those plays where it looked like he got hurt. Yeah. He does that from time to time. He, he like runs slowly at a diagonal and then just lays down.


Yeah. It was That, that was weird. And the other thing that would be concerning is the Eagles now, 13 games, 10 of them, they've been shut out in the first quarter. Is about how you finish, not how you start. Starting fast though, in the playoffs is very important. Not if you can finish strong, But if you get in a hole against a playoff team, that could be a problem. But if you can come back, That's true. You could come back. But what if you get in a hole early and then You can't come back? But that's what Happenss what happens with Eagles every game. But Then you don't get the running game going against a good team. Would you Rather not Against, I mean, that's what we've done. Would You rather start slow or start fast? I would rather start fast. Okay. And then finish fast. Okay. I agree. But If I had a choice between starting fast and finishing fast, I, I would choose finishing fast.


You like to finish fast? I love finish fast. Yeah. I think we all do. Getting out so good at finishing fast. It's Actually one of my strengths. One of the only ones the, yeah. AJ Brown. So here's a fun stat. Saquon Barkley, he's now 94 yards a game. So four games left, 94 yards, a game away from 2000. He also has the Eagles record in Russian yards in a season passing Lash Lasha McCoy. And the craziest thing is that was Lane Johnson's rookie year. So Lane, lane Johnson has been part of both LaShaun McCoy's previous record Eagles season, single season record. And now Saquon Barkley's single season record.


Lane Johnson's the best. So this would be a good time just to remind everybody, OJ Simpson much better football player than human being through 14 games. He had 2003 yards. Wow. Pretty crazy season. Wow. Say what you want about the guy. Different league though. He could run with a football. He could run with the the football. Did you, I heard you guys saying Animo Bay. He wore the shirt today. Yeah. Oh, okay. I don't know if that was our shirt. No, I don't think it's our shirt. Yeah. I don't think, do we make 'em? I have prints of them. Oh. Oh, you didn't make 'em? Oh No. Was it Quin Bay?


Yeah, it was Quin. No, Ours is San, ours Is San Quinine. Sanquin 'cause Yeah, San Quinine. San Quinine. That's right. Yeah, that's Right. Different prison. Yeah, He's got that one. Why didn't you, you gotta put him up. I don't think, I think it was like a, They didn't wanna be associated with the prison, But he associated himself with the Prison. No, I'm saying like we didn't. Oh Yeah. But now that he did he Yeah. Yeah. Maybe we can. But he is also kind of out outed himself as being Quin Ymo Bay guy. Yeah. Oh no, no, no. We did, we did put it up. We Oh, Quin Sanquin San Quinine is, is alive in the Barstool store. Hank, you weren't here for it, but Max was getting very upset at me and PFT.


Yes. Screaming at us. Well there you, They're just tr you guys are just trolled. I was just saying. Oh no. Yeah, we said, oh, after Every play. Oh, Well there was a lot of Oh no's. You guys couldn't get off the field on third down. Oh No. That right. Yeah. He was screaming at us. It was pf DA might've turned to each other being like, this would be in a, in a boring early slate. This would be pretty good for the pod. If they lost to The Panthers. It would've been, Especially after Lion's rant on Thursday. Max's Eagles won the game. Yeah. Good job. Max's Eagles. Yeah. Sometimes you just gotta win a game. Bad producing Max some his Eagles. Do you know What's a crazy Saquon staff for you? Max Saquon has 14 times a season gone down at the one or the two yard line and then Jalen Hurts.


Takes his touchdowns. It's bullshit. He, he doesn't care. He's About team. I care because I, I had the team switched from Tyrone Tracy, which I'm sorry, but you also didn't come with conviction. Tyrone Tracy did score. I understand. I said sorry. That's why I said sorry. Okay. But you also didn't come with Conviction. I wasn't sure if you were apologizing to me or if you were A I apologizing to the aws they did feel like there was, I think there was one play on the two yard line where instead of doing the tush push, they tried to hand it to Saquon and they didn't get it. And he didn't get it. They were trying to get him as MVP. Yeah, you were right. You were right about that. But it didn't work out. But yeah, he had another great Incredible game. Great. I still think he had like 124 yards rushing. Yeah, he's a beast. He's an absolute beast. So He has the Eagles single season record right now, huh?


Yes. I think he passed Shady. I think Shady What? What? Shady Ha what? Yeah, that's what I said. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. LaShaun McCoy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lane Johnson was the rookie for LaShaun McCoy. The Panthers are, who do the Panthers play? They're gonna pick someone off. They're so fucking close. They're so close. They're actually a fun team to watch. I dunno if they play anyone. No. Maybe the, oh, I guess the Panthers could decide The Bucks or the Fal. Falcons. They play 'em in the last two weeks of the season. That's gonna be interesting. They, they, they could beat one of those two teams because You're gonna have Falcons fans then probably rooting for the Saints in the last game of the season. Because the Saints are playing Box.


The Saints are playing the box. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. This league. Yeah. Tangled Web. Okay, well let's, let's go to the NFC South Bucks 28. Raiders 13. This is a weird game because I feel like the Bucks should have won this game by a lot more. They were up 14, nothing. It looked like they were cruising and then they just let the Raiders hang around, hang around, hang around. And they needed some made O'Connell, some Desmond Ritter. Yeah. So we're to Desmond Ritter. So Aiden O'Connell, he got injured. I think he got shoved from, from behind by LaVonte David. I couldn't see where he hurt himself, but apparently he got carted off in an air cast. Air Cast. Yes. So it was bad. Yes. It was a bad injury. Yes. So now Raiders you have to be, you have to watch Desmond Ritter every Sunday.


Or The guy who they're gonna bring up as the backup is gonna be Carter Bradley, Gus Bradley's son. Oh, how about that? Isn't that crazy? That's, I guess That's crazy. Former Toledo and I can't remember where else Southern Miss maybe quarterback, but yeah, Carter Bradley. I, I need to see Carter Brad Bradley. Sure. Yeah. I mean the Raiders starting Garner Mins Shoe. Desmond Ritter Aid O'Connell and Carter Bradley in one season. Just might as well go all the way. You Couldn't really plan it out that poorly I don't think. No. The Raiders do have the number one pick though right Now. And Shooter Sanders did tweet. Thank you God, after the game was over. Yeah. We can Say hey and AW L DM me. But if they have beat the Chiefs because of their strength of schedule, they'd be like the eighth pick.


Oh really? Oh wow. So they were lucky to not win that game. Yeah, it could, it could change the, the course of their franchise. Yeah. Yeah. Because if you look at Tanka hon right now, which I am, the, the Las Vegas Raiders picking first. Giants picking Second. Both need QBs and Both need QBs. The New England Patriots picking third. Yeah. That was M Jones helping you out. Yeah, Mac Jones got a win. He helped the Patriots go to third Brock Power's got the tight end record, rookie tight end record for receptions 87. But yeah, I, I didn't You guys think the same thing where it's like, I don't know what it is about the Bucks. I think they're good. They have moments where they're good and then they have moments where it feels like an entire quarter goes by where Baker Mayfield gets like 15 screens or short passes blocked to the line of scrimmage.


Yeah. Some, yeah. They're, they're not super consistent and not they Can run the ball. Well I think, I think not having Bucky for most of the game was a pretty big problem too. So people are big mad about Bucky, but then Rasha White had a really big Game. Rasha White had a great game. Yeah. But people are big mad about Bucky. Why fantasy players. Oh really big mad about Bucky. Have him on my team. This is, yeah. 'cause he was, he was like kind of Willy or won't he all week. And then they said he's going to play on Sunday and then after like a quarter and a half, they just took him out for precautionary reasons they said. And he didn't go back in the game. This is And he tried. He played. Yeah, he did. This is big time like fantasy owners scorned season. Yeah. Where it's like, it gets really, really testy if a guy doesn't play or has a bad game. 'cause we're in the playoffs or we're about to be in the playoffs.


Yeah. There will be. I'm going to go Mike Flory here. There will be lawyers that try to sue teams. Yes. And Sue the NFL. Yes. For potential damages done to your fantasy team. Yeah. I do think the Bucks are gonna win the NFC South. We've been saying that for a while now. I just don't know. I don't if they play the Vikings in the first round. I like the Vikings. Yeah. Yeah. And I like, I love Baker. I think he's banged up and he also just, yeah. It just seems like there will be times where they, their offense kind of falls asleep. They should have, when this game started, I was convinced that they were going to just run over the Raiders. 'cause it felt like the Raiders had the quit factor and then it was a legitimate, like it was a legitimate game up until the fourth quarter. Yeah. And it is cool seeing Scott Turner, north Turner up in the booth for the Raiders.


Yeah. Hell yeah. It's the big issue is their dogs getting along. Yeah. That's what we learned. Yeah. The anecdote that they told us on the Broadcast. So he moved in with Scott. So Yes. So Novin his wife, I guess Scott's mom moved into their house and everyone's getting along except the dogs. Yeah. I wanna know what kind of dogs they are. That Can happen from time To time. I, to me, if I'm just guessing based on just coach vibes, I bet they've got small dogs. Yeah. I think they've got two, maybe even the same type of dog. Yeah. Like two small. They each have Yorkies or pugs. Yeah. And they don't, they look a lot alike, but they hate Each other and they call 'em brothers. Yeah. And they don't like each other. Your brother's and your brother ate his dinner. Yeah. Your brother's gonna eat your dinner if you don't get in here. Oh no.


Don't do that to your brother. I have nothing else on this game. Sincere McCormick, I guess actually Cool name. He's, he's and he's good for the raid. The Raiders are on their fourth, third and fourth running backs. Yeah. And trying to make the whole thing out of, and their third, now they're third quarterback. So Scott Turner, just even getting them to score a point That Should win. He should probably be coordinator of the year. That's a massive point. If I had a vote for coordinator of the year, he would win. Coordinator of The year. If you're a Raiders fan, you just, you want to get to this off season 'cause you don't know what the hell your franchise is gonna do. Yeah. Like things are about to get weird in Las Vegas. Oh, I Do have one other thing. Antonio Pierce, which shouldn't shock you. One of the dumbest challenges of all time that I think it was, can you find it?


I think it was Jacoby Myers maybe on the sideline where he, I don't even know if he got one foot in, Barely got one foot in It. Barely got one foot in. And The second foot was like so far out of bounds. It was past the white, like where the chalk Ended. And like Antonio Pierce should be a bad challenge guy. Like justified vibes. He's just not gonna be a good challenge guy. He's guy's a rage challenger. Yes. Yeah. He is a rage challenger who's just not gonna win a lot of challenges. And like a football guy challenger. See, see if you could do an Antonio Pierce challenge, it was so bad. I'm looking, I just looked up Antonio Pierce challenge on Google and there's four different things that are written about four separate weeks of questionable Antonio Pierce challenge.


Yeah. Here it is. Look at this. Yeah, I remember seeing that. He, he, he touched his, his right foot out of bounds before he got barely got one toe in that. I don't even think he got two. I don't even think he got one foot in. I don't think he did One of the worst. Well, He was coaching college. Yeah. For a long time. That was, but even in college, that's not a catch. I know because he stepped, he stepped outta bounds before he even got maybe a little bit of a toe in. Yeah. In college, I would say that's a terrible challenge. Yeah. I just like that. I, I, I like being able to like rely on my gut instincts with some of these things. And, and if you had asked me with no data backing it up, like, is Antonio Pierce good at challenge?


They'll be like, fuck no. Yeah. I wonder what. But he'll do one to try to change the momentum. I wanna Know what the Raider system is for challenging these calls. I it might just be Anto Antonio Pierce on the sidelines. Yeah. Like he's listening to the radio call of the game. He's just doing Yeah. He's just, he's basically just a gambler where he is like, please, maybe this will hit Might be Mark Davis up in the booth. That Was no girlfriend. Different than doing a 15 team parlay. No challenging that play. There's 0% Chance there. That was hoping that the refs would make a historic mistake. Yeah. Yeah. The refs would be like, you know what, fuck it. Yeah. We feel bad for how your season's going. Okay. Before we get to the other three games, let's do a couple ads. Yeah.


Before we get back to football. It's brought to you by our good friends over at Mountain Dew. You know what we need to get more of off our ass with bold flavors and refreshing ci ci citrus Kick Mountain Dew will get you off your ass and have you feeling like you're on actual mountain. We drank Mountain Dew when we were at Camp Barsol. It was delicious. I had a bunch of Code Reds. They got the ba hop blast. Mountain Dew changed the game. Mountain Dew. It'll put you on a mountain where the weather's always perfect. Your friends are ready to hang in a day of epic proportions. Awaits love tossing or Frisbee while holding a Mountain Dew in one hand. Love playing video games while drinking a dew. Love Frisbee. Golf. Golf whiffle ball pickleball. It's all better with Mountain Dew. The mountain's calling you should answer. Grab your friends. Grab an ice cold Mountain Dew. Wherever refreshing beverages are sold and you can do the dew.


These games are also brought to you by our good friends at NASCAR NASCAR season. Yep. They're going fast. They're going left. The adrenaline of the Daytona 500 is something you have to experience in person. There's nothing like witnessing the stars of NASCAR battle for position. Going 200 miles per hour on a two and a half mile Speedway. 40 drivers will compete against the legs of Chase Elliot, Ryan Blaney, Denny Hamlin, Ross Chastain, and Bubba Wallace as they try to make their mark to start a historic NASCAR season. You don't want to miss this Once in a lifetime sporting event. You can purchase your tickets today for the 2025 Daytona five hundred@daytonafivehundred.com. Check 'em out Daytona five hundred.com. That's a bucket list event. I really want to go to the Daytona 500 at some point. Seems like a great time. Get your tickets now@daytonafivehundred.com.


Okay. Here's a game that I can't say that I watched a lot of Saints 14 Giants 11. I saw some of it. I saw Drew Locke running. I saw Drew Locke running directly into two defenders when he could have run for first down. And then I saw him running for like 25 yards, which was kind of nice. Yeah. That that was a nice run. I Also saw the stat that he was Oh, for eight in the first quarter I Saw Darren Rizzi almost knock out his punter. That was awesome. On the, the sideline. So Darren Rizzi, former special teams guy. Yeah. I guess once a special teams guy always it's in his blood. Obsessed with Special teams. I'm gonna guess he's gonna continue being a special teams guy after this season Too. He was so, so mad at his punter it, it looked for a second. Like he was gonna punch him.


Yes. Alvin Kamara had to get in between them, separate them, be like, dude, you can't yell like that at a punter. He's not a football player. Yeah. Like you can't, you're gonna break your punter down. The punter, to his credit, did a pretty good job of being like, yes sir. Yes coach. Yes coach. Please don't hurt me sir. And then after the game Izzy said to the media, he was like, yeah, I think we're, I think we're cool now though. Like he took what I said and you know, he's a football player so he is gonna respond well to it. I don't know if the punter's cool with it. If the punter is as much. Just like thankful he didn't get his ass kicked on the Sidelines. Yeah. Yeah. His life flashed before his eyes, but, But they're cool. They're cool with it. One thing that I thought was interesting was Derek Carr. So he got injured in the game. Yeah. He credit to Derek Carr.


The season's kind of like gone down the tubes a little bit. He's scrambling for a first down he goes full airborne jumping to try to get a first down over like three guys lands on his left wrist, does something to it. Breaks it. Yeah. And then after the game, or even as this was happening, I saw a lot of Saints fans being like, Derek Carr's a fucking moron for trying to go Superman in this lost cause of a season. But I think like great for Derek Carr for That. Yeah. He's balling out. Yeah. He's got pride. Yeah. You wanna still have pride? Yeah. Like I get it, I get it. It's kind of a meaningless game. No one's gonna look back on this, this game against the Giants and be like, it was 1411 in the fourth quarter and Derek Carr went super cyan against him. No one's going to think about that.


But Derek Carr does. But you also gotta remember Derek Carr is still probably gonna play because he might, like last year he played with an entire broken back. The differences, it wouldn't come out of the game. He might need surgery. And so He might still play. You think he's gonna delay his surgery? I, I mean, do you remember last year? Yeah. And we just begging for Jamis and Derek Carr was like in a walker. Yeah. And he couldn't, and he just kept on going out there. He's, he's crazy like that. He is. So that might be Spencer Rattler for You. It might Be Spencer or Jacob Haer. Listen, You play who you play. You play who you play. We also had, at the game, there was a plane over MetLife stadium that said it had a, a message attached to it. Said, Mr. Me Mera enough, please fix this dumpster fire.


I like that they referred to him as Mr. Mera. Yeah. Very classy. Yeah. Wanted to keep it classy. Yeah. Yeah. Not a scumbag. You know, you're not a scumbag Mr. Mera. You're just Mr. Mera. And then they Both saw the banner. Yeah. And so did Malik Neighbors. He was asked about it. He said, I ain't paid for that plane. Yeah. So that's, so there we go. We got one person we could scratch off the list. What did d, did Dbol say anything about it? He basically said, I'm trying to fix it too. Yeah. Dbol looked like he was gonna cry after Graham Gau got his block or kick blocked at the end of the game. Yeah, that was tough. But that this, that actually might be like a Darren Rizzi specialty. Yeah. Because They've done it twice. Teams against the Saints since Darren Rizzi have taken over. I think they're now one for seven on field goals.


Wow. Field goal defense. He's Got great field goal Defense. Field goal defense. Yeah. He, the, the block kick that was almost identical to the one they did like, I think it was week 10. So Yeah. He's still a special teams coach. And we also had a funny moment where there was a tweet that was saying that Malik Nabors screamed during a play. You're all call him plays. Like, I, I ain't out here. And then Tyron Matthew corrected it in community notes that he was like, that was actually me. Yeah. So he was just taunting Drew Locke in the Giants offense. Yeah. It's bad, but for a different reason. Yeah. Right. For a totally different reason. But also still bad, But kind of the same amount of bad. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Maybe Worse. This was just a bummer of a game.


Maybe worse. 'cause if it was Malik neighbors that said that you could put that in the AJ Brown pile where you're like, yeah. You know, great receivers sometimes have that attitude about him. Yeah. When it's your opponent's old safety saying that screaming it out loud, then that's just kinda like the whole thing is fucked up. Yeah. And I, I, I kinda like that the Giants are, I talked about it last week with Thanksgiving, how the Giants and the Bears are very similar in their situations right now. They're kind of just following the Bears path now with getting a kick blocked at the end of the game to lose a game. And it's just playing really sad football that is tough to watch starting Oh, for eight. This is tough game to go to. It was a tough game to go to. Tough game to watch. Shout out that guy who got the plane. I wonder how much that Costs.


It should have been a, a firefighting plane. Yeah. If you're trying to put out the dumpster fire. Yeah. Mr. Mera, please, please stop this dumpster fire. There's nothing he can do. No, he's tried. Just get Eli back. He's Just bad at his job. Okay. Anything else from this game? I don't, No. I mean, it was bummer. It was a good, it was a good result for the Giants. Yeah. I, the Giants fans should absolutely be rooting. They're not gonna win another game. Right. Because Here's the thing, if you're a Giants fan, if you draft a good quarterback, things can all change very quickly for You. And you can at least hope that things are gonna change. Because with the whole Daniel Jones thing, it was like an escalating, snowballing series of bad decisions that were all kind of based on the fact that you did not know if you had a good quarterback.


Right. When you didn't. Right. So if you get a good quarterback, then you can put all that decision, all that brain energy goes somewhere else. Yeah. Brian D's real fault was he coached the hell out of Daniel Jones for that one year. Yeah. He shouldn't have done that. No, you go back in time. He should have just coached a little bit less and, and maybe made it so that Daniel Jones failed a little bit more and everything would Be different. Then he'd be like, go get me a quarterback. Yeah. Go get me a quarterback. I need a quarterback. Aaron Rogers next year. Aaron Rogers next year. Although Aaron Rogers might stick around, there was a report that the Jets are gonna maybe draft a quarterback and Aaron Rogers can, he can, he can take him under his tutelage. Make his life heaven. Yeah. Yeah. That actually, if you draft a quarterback, memes Aaron Rogers will be good again.


Who Reported that? Yeah. So I just saw the look on memes his face and he did the real life meme of, of Donald Trump. I'm just hearing about this now. All right. Jets. You tell me for the first time. Means good to have you back. I, By the way, I loved your, I loved your boomer today. My favorite part was that you, your throat started to get scratchy from doing the voice. I, I actually didn't know that you were doing the voice. What do you mean? Hank agrees? Do your, I thought you was doing your re regular voice. That's scary, man. This is from some place called U Stadium. Oh, all right. They, They're Troll. No, they're good. Jets are likely to draft the quarterback. Oh no. Rap port reported it.


Oh, nice. Jets are likely to draft the quarterback in round one of the NFL draft regardless if Aaron Rod is on the roster. I love that. Max just went To Rossini's Twitter page to try to find out where this performer's coming from. The thi this will be, That's before I go for my Jets news. Yeah. Does a good Job. Listen, let's do I agree. Let's do this game. Dolphins 32 Jets, 26 memes. This would be a good thing because Aaron Rodgers has shown that if you put competition, young competition around him, he's gonna play great. They drafted Jordan Love and he, he, he ripped off some great years. I agree with you. I just don't think there is a quarterback. 'cause right now we're at seven. I think it's very thin at the top.


Drew Owler. Yeah. But you could get him in the probably second round. No, buddy. Did you watch that? Did you see that fourth down throw against Oregon? You could still get him in the second round. Not after that fourth down throw against Oregon. Have you guys ever drafted a Penn State quarterback One? Yeah. Thanks. One time I some, something nice to say about the Jets memes. It is Izzy season, but it's a different Izzy. Who Was it? Isaiah Davis? Yeah. Oh yeah. He's A stud. Is he also Izzy Isaiah? No, you can't, you can't replace Izzy. I don't know. Replace, I like to skate. Replace one with the other. He's got a little woodhead in him. Is he? No, he's good. He is a South Dakota Jack rat.


Yeah. Yeah. He, he scored a touchdown and then went off for like two seconds and went right back onto kick unit. Yeah. No, the, he's a football guy. The, the, the lasting effect of Joe Douglas, ou Nu, Isaiah Davis, braille Allen, all studs. Yeah. So this game, Mees, you kind of got exactly what you wanted outta this game. Aaron Rogers looked good for the first time in forever. He threw for over 300 yards for the first time in forever. Garrett Wilson and Devonte Adams were putting up big time yards and he lost the game. Yeah. It was a perfect loss. Aaron Rogers also kind of lost to this game. Why Disguise N no, the well that and the third down.


Yeah. He threw it to the sideline when he could have checked to a run or throw it to the middle of the field. Dolphins get it back for like 15, 20 seconds. Devonta Adams went out of bounds. Yeah, That, yeah. That long pass that he threw. Where was that? Was that Adam? No, that was, I think it was Garrett Wilson. That was Garrett Wilson, right on the sideline. Yeah. Through that bomb to him. Yep. And he had all the room to throw that ball in Bounce. Yeah. And he just missed Him. But he had a good game today. Overall. He did. He played well overall. Exactly what we talked about on Friday. You wanted him to look like he could still play quarterback. I thought he could still play quarterback after watching today. Yeah. Today. Today felt like a good game. That might've been his best game as his jet. The I Patriots Week three.


Okay. That one. That one. That one was the best. That's the best. Yeah. That was the best. The Dolphins are still alive, by the way. Which is crazy. They need a lot of help. But they did save their season today by winning in overtime. Tua is going for the record for completion percentages all time. He's at 74.5%. I Did not know that. Drew Bres record was 74.4%. So better not have any incompletions. Tua, let's go. Tua good for Tua. But Tua did the thing, and I know you probably know what means from watching the game where it's so frustrating because Tua, he, it felt like he never got touched today. He had all, all the time in the world to throw and he'll throw like, not a lollipop, but like a looper.


And then it will just be perfectly placed like Tyreek Hill coming out of a cut. Like the exact, the exact the the two, the touchdown, two point conversion and then the touchdown and overtime were all that throw. Yeah, it was, it was all the same play. Yeah. It almost seemed like the Dolphins were kind of fucking around at one point. Yeah. They were spamming a play. They did, they did a no look pass at one point. It almost felt like they thought they had a three touchdown lead. But I dunno. Dolphins were playing weird. Yeah. So do, do you want Rogers to stick around if you draft a quarterback? If we draft a quarterback, I, I say yes. A lot of Jets fans don't want him, but He'll be good if you draft a quarterback. He needs a little bit of that. Spark, a little bit of that fire. Get a younger dog. Keep Based On the contract.


I think you have to restructure and keep him. Okay. That's just my opinion because if you cut him before then there's just so much debt cap. Yeah. And you also want to keep Devonte Adams. Yeah. Every time I caught a ball I was just like, this guy's so good. Right. And so you need to keep Aaron Rogers memes. I have a bad stat for you. This was, you guys were officially eliminated from playoff contention. 14 years longest playoff trout in the NFL. Damn. Yeah. Would you like to say anything? It's, is it the long, it's not the longest playoff tr in all sports And NBA, it's All of sports. And WB, All Sports. Shout out to NMLB.


All the sports and h sports. N-W-N-B-A Peram. Schefter. It's also the longest in MLS, but Shefter didn't mention that. He said WNBA, not MLS, but it's misleading. 'cause hockey has the saber and Yeah. I think this, this would be 14 years for them if they don't make the playoffs this year. Right There. That's a long time. And also it's been 15 years since Tottenham won a trophy. Yeah. Who that, that soccer? Yeah, that soccer. I don't want to, I don't wanna say Anything bad about soccer. We we're, we're we're of the age where we could cons, we could easily have the Jets playoff trial could easily be our child. Like if I had a 14-year-old kid, it wouldn't be weird.


Yeah. And there's no end in sight. None. Well, Aaron coming back. Isaiah Davis, Is anything going on for you right now? All right. Breaking news memes. Yeah. Breaking moves. Jeez. They were setting you up for the breaking news at a was gonna, I was gonna do it during pf t's boo back. Oh. Oh, okay. Alright. Well you Wanna That what you do now? Yeah. Yeah. Breaking moves. Juan Soto signs with I wanted to Hear memes Mo too. Go ahead. Mo breaking moves. I too Breaking mo Juan Soto signs with the New York Mets 15 years.


765 million. Holy shit. What was our debate? I think we said over 700, right? I think I said seven 50 or 700. I said I didn't think he was gonna get 600. Yeah, we So you were wrong yet again. That's awesome. Memes. Yeah. It's nice to get a win. Yeah. Just having a, how did you not take that win? When we were talking about the Jets playoff route? Like that was exact. We, so we started the podcast And we saw the news And we werere like, Hey memes, you can pick when you wanna do breaking moves for this. You just had the spot right there. You can just interrupt Pft who's back when he does it. Yeah. Do with whatever. Yeah. That insult set that you brought up to me earlier today, That was a great stat. That was A good set. That Was a good stat. How so?


Thoughts on Juan Soto? I'm not the biggest baseball guy, but he's the best new New York's back for right now. Okay. And you beat the Yankees. That's really all that's Yeah. The Yankees fans are so upset. The That's the win. Yeah. They're going off, They're like, how could he turn down the Yankees? Yeah. To, to go to the Mets. Does he not know about our history on the Yankees? Yeah. He doesn't give a shit about history. He likes the money. Yeah. A lot of baseball fans are mad about this. Yeah. No, this is good. You got, you got one over on the Yankees. Are you mad Max because he is in the division? Yeah. No, it's not good for us. They were already better than us. How do you and do, yeah. How do you think our friend j Robs is doing? Probably not. Well. Not well. Yeah. I mean, my reporting's on the hot seat. I I on this, on these very airwaves.


I said he was gonna be a red sock. I was misled. But these airwaves, I think for Red Sox fans, it's much, much better that he is on the mess than the Yankees. Like that that is a, a little victory in its own right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean the Yankees fans are, this is because It is so much money. The and and the Yankees. Oh wait, Yankees bid 760 million for 16 years. Oh. Shouldn't have done 16. Should have done 15. Damn. That's awesome. I like to think Steve Cohen just, he was just sitting in a chair and, and Scott Boris would like walk back into his room once every like five minutes be like Yankee say that they're doing 7 25. Yeah, of course. Like, just give us 7 26 with So much money. Yes. No, no deferred money either, which is Wow.


I mean, shout out to Steve Cohen for putting his money where his mouth is. He said he was gonna do this and he did it. Yeah. I feel like Mets fans, you can't complain about Steve Cohen. No, No. At all. Like you, you've lost, that's not an option for you now. Yeah, I think people did for a second, but Now Now the things are going Good. Yeah. He's the guy and you're Paying him. I also think that this is what we said when we talked about this the first time too. He literally, it it, I think it was just a dollar sign. Yeah. Like he put zero emotion in or anything into it. The Mets said 765. The Yankee said 700 6765 is higher than 760. So he took 7 65. Well, and also the, the Yankee 16 years, I, the thing I don't understand and it drives me nuts.


I wish the Cubs weren't cheap. They're a fucking huge market team and they're, they, they pretend that they're poor. I don't understand why a team in this situation doesn't, isn't like, Hey, Juan Soto, how about 300 million for three years? Like you get a hundred million dollars a year and then you're a free agent again. Because they want the long term. Because I know he wants the long term. But like that would, if you get paid a hundred million dollars a year. Yeah. And Just be like, you get, you get another contract that's probably gonna be even more like you, if you, if he signed a three year hun, $300 million contract, barring obviously like a catastrophic injury, he would end up making more money than the 7 65. Yeah. Bar barring an injury. Yeah. Or barring, you know, just the career falling off. But Just being like, Hey, here's, here's a $150 million a year.


I think somebody's saying, do you want guaranteed $765 million is pretty good. I don't Know if someone, if someone's like, Hey, $400 million for three years, then you could dip again. Do You think Juan Soto as a, as an outfielder, do you think he was a little bit scared off from the Yankees by the Copa Bianco brothers? Probably that they're lurking out there in right field Probably now he's Yeah. When he comes back to when he comes back to New York. Yeah. They're gonna real New York Bronx. The have some say to him, They're gonna get him. Also, if you're an, if you're an investor, wouldn't you want to have the money up front? Like if you did three years, $300 million, you probably make more money If you invest long term. If you invest it correctly. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, 15 years from now, he's gonna get paid. What?


Well, how many, how many, how many million a year is that? I can't do math. I think it's also nice to just know for It's 50 million a year, for 10 years. Be like, okay, this is gonna be my home for 10 years. Yeah. So I don't have to move in three years. But he likes money. Yeah. It would be sick to do that if, If Scott Boris represents your best player, just prepare yourself to either get bent over a barrel or to say goodbye to that player. Yeah. I mean, he was a true unicorn in the fact that his age and how good he is and became a free agent like that doesn't happen very often. Yeah. Mets fans, I, I envy Mets fans. He's, he's the funnest player to root for in the non Kyle Schwarber division. Yeah. He's so fun to root for. Okay. Longest drought in all sports Jets.


Yeah. It doesn't matter. They asked Aaron about that afterwards. He goes, well I've only been here for one of those seasons. Oh well Actually two, It's two Seasons. Yeah. Two seasons. It doesn't matter though. What do you mean? Only one team gets to win every year. And if you're not the team that's Gonna win, who gets, I would say getting to the playoffs definitely matters. I would like to go to the Playoffs. Does it? Does it What Playoff wins since 2010. Jets two Bears. One meter Zero. I know means nothing. I know I want to be in the Playoffs. I know. But if you don't win in the Playoffs, it means nothing. But you can't win in the Playoffs if you don't get in the Playoffs. But it doesn't matter when we're gonna get there. We're gonna go on a run. We haven't got there yet. But, but getting in the playoffs matters. You can't win unless you're in the playoffs.


But if you get to the playoffs or you don't win, you don't win. Well, no shit Means you've been doing the playoff picture. You've been doing the playoff percentages every week. I, for the past six i the playoffs for 14 years. Correct. But now you're saying it doesn't matter to me. Playoffs it matters because you could go on a run, but if you're not going on a run, it doesn't matter. No. You're discounting that entire week where you get to look at the bracket and you get your Gametime and you plan ahead and you make it like the biggest deal ever. 'cause you're playing in a playoff game and it means a lot. And you get that week of what if. Yeah. But you lose. But means you still getting into the Playoffs is the only way to win a playoff game. That's true. Just let Me cope. Yeah, you can cope. You can cope. But I'm just, I'm trying to explain that like you do want to get into the playoffs.


I know. We just Can't do it. I agree. Winning the playoff game is you can't make is very important. But the first step is, is getting in. Isn't it crazy if you a like asked Jets fan after this back to back a FC championships. Yeah. Going there. Congrats on making the playoffs Max. Yeah, max. Thank you. You clinched. How does it feel as someone who's clinched the playoffs? How does it feel? I don't honestly don't care about making the playoffs. I care about winning in the playoffs. Yeah. Point. But you ha you can't, is it true that you can't win a playoff game unless you make it Correct. But the Eagles make it all the time. Yeah, That's true. Would you rather not make the playoffs? N no. I'm happy that we made the Playoffs, but I'm, but I'm more excited to go to go on a run. It's the first time you've ever said that.


Wow. That's facts. What are the, you got the website pulled up right now. What are the commies percent at 79? Hmm. All 70 Rams are a little Scary. Rams are definitely scary. Lot scary. They're Rams Are Scary. Rams are scary. Rams are scary. Alright. So congrats on Juan Soto. Congrats on not making the playoffs 'cause you don't care. I care. It's actually been a great 14 years for you. It It's great. 14 years. It, it's really a 14 year Super Bowl drought. You thought you did something with the two playoff wins? I thought, I thought I nailed, like I know the Bears suck, but I still would if you asked me could we getting into the Playoffs or not getting in the playoffs, I'd much rather get in the playoffs.


Even if we Lose, would much rather get in the Playoffs. But I would rather go on a run In the Playoffs. Well, no doubt. Yeah, but you can't go on a run in the playoffs unless you're in the playoffs. I Know. And if you get, if you get one playoff win and that's all you have to hang your hat on, then that's still it. You look back on that moment and be like, that was cool when you beat the buck. 1710 in 2006. That's true. But I'm a loser. And so this is one of the things I do to cope as a loser. So I'm not gonna judge you for coping. Wait. Our playoff win also came in the same year. Our last playoff win. Did it not Who? 2010. When you guys went to the A FFC championship. I get my years mixed up.


The Bears went to the NFC championship. Lost of the Packers. That's true. I dunno if it was 11. I I can never, lemme see. I wish the seasons would all be in one calendar year. Yeah. The the calendar should start start. It always fucks me up when the NFL League year starts. Right. In March. Because it's always like, well, what playoffs is it that year? The season was played here. Yeah, we beat, yeah. And then we lost And that was Jay Cutler getting hurt. Oh damn. We could've played each other. Oh yeah. You guys, yeah, we could've played. We were this close to playing in the Super Bowl, you guys, but not really guys. You guys Lost on the same day. Yeah. So sweet. Also A buy should count as a playoff Win. I agree. Because You, I agree to get To the, you got to the same amount of, Although that just, you just added like a hundred playoff wins to Tom Brady's record. Oh, As you should Wait.


Which, oh, That was so long ago. The Bear that Was so long ago. The Bears lost earlier in the game. Yeah, We, earlier in the day, we played ear, we played the early game 'cause it was like zero degrees and it was very bright out. But memes, you also beat the Patriots January 16th at 4:30 PM The Bears beat the Seahawks at one o'clock. Yeah. We had the early game then Too. So you have a more recent playoff Victory. Congrats. Than the Bears do. Congrat. Congrats. Congratulations. That's huge. Thank you. That's huge. Okay, last game from the early slate. Jaguars 10. Titans six. Be honest. How much of this game did you watch? I was, I, I said, oh, is the Jaguars Titans game over? And someone who was closer to that TV said, yeah dude, it's been over for like 20 minutes.


I think they played this game in like two hours, two and a half hours. They might've played this game on Thursday night and then taped it and then just broadcast it Today. I just saw the only, the only notable things I saw was Mac Jones' back to doing the spin. Nowhere he's, he spun to nowhere and then threw a pick. M Jones did help Hank and the Patriots and Doug Peterson maybe didn't lose the locker room 'cause they won a game. Yeah. I don't know. My, my status on this game was I asked, I would check in periodically to see if Mack Jones had thrown an interception yet. Yeah. 'cause I bet I him to throw an interception he threw too. And then once, once I heard that he did, I was like, okay cool. He mission to accomplish today. Yeah. So yeah, ironically the Jags can't even tank correctly because Bigsby won the game for them.


Yes. And Matt Jones was actually pretty good in the second half. Also, here's a fun thing. So I know we said we weren't gonna talk about the Jags anymore, except for how it pertains to their draft order, which I now think they're fourth. Is That right? They are Fifth. Fifth and the, the Titans by losing. Yeah, they, the Jaguars are fifth. The Titans are sixth. Yeah. The, because the Jaguar, the Titans already had three wins. Yeah. The Jaguars had two. Here's a fun thing that we can watch for the Titans. So this is a Titans stat, which it, if it happens, I, I would have to imagine is a record. So let's just assume Doug Peterson gets fired. Is that a fair assumption? Yeah. Okay. So it's a fair assumption.


If the Titans loose the Jaguars in their rematch, I believe in week 18, the Titans will have lost to four teams that fired their coach this season. They lost to Matt Ebra flu. They lost to Robert Sala and they lost to Doug Peterson. And if by chance the Bengals fire Zach Taylor, they could potentially go oh and five against teams that fire their head coach. That's pretty impressive. Which would be, I think that has to be a record. That's Very impressive. That would be a cool record to watch It. It's kind of insulting because teams get fired if it's like, you can't even beat this team. Right. Or coaches get fired if, if they're like, you can't even beat the 10. Are the Titans lost to those teams? Titans lost to those teams.


That's crazy. The Titans could potentially go oh and five against teams that fire their head coach this season. Doug Peterson, Robert Sala, Matt Ebra, flu, and Doug Peterson again and Po possibly Zach Taylor who, I don't think they're gonna fire him, but it's, they play the Bengals I think next week. That's a hell of a stat. That would be a, a bummer of a stat. This game sucked though. Yeah. 10 to six. 10 to six. It was the perfect game. It was exactly what you thought this game would be. The NFL makes sense. Brian Thomas is good. That's cool. Jaguars fans, He's really good. He's, he's going for the record of most 75 yard games for a rookie. So he has eight, the record is 10 and he has four games left.


So he goes two more games over 75 yards in that game. He'd have the record. Will Levis did not throw an interception today, right? No, but he did miss a wide open throw in the end zone. I don't know if you guys saw that. Can you find that clip? Did you guys see this play? It was not good. He basically threw it over the guy who was running on the, the back line. And there was a guy right in front of him who was essentially standing wide open. I think Illa tweeted the, the clip. But yeah, it didn't look good. This game was not good And I, I know we say it all the time where we're like, hey, what's the, like this is a game that we would kill for.


I don't know if I'd kill for this game in April. I Would. I would look At that. Yeah. Look at the guy underneath. He is. He could not be more open. Ah, It looks like the Titans are two defenders and the Jaguars guy is the wide Receivers. Yeah. Yeah. Great defense case. Probably the Titans on that offense. That would've been a great pass. Yeah. The Titans just kept on going to the red zone and not getting anything. Which I, that's kinda what they do. Tony Pollard's still good though. Yeah. Tony Pollard's still good. Take Bigs be good. Doug Peterson hasn't lost the locker room. Maybe Mac Jones still bad. When was the last time a coach got fired in season after a win? No, Roberts law didn't get win.


It didn't win a game because it Has to happen at some point for Peterson. Right? I, they might have just told 'em by now, like, you're gonna coach the rest of the season. Yeah. They're like, this is, it's too much a pain in the ass. We gotta do a press conference. We gotta do the whole thing. Interim Kids before Christmas. They Might also just like not have an interim on staff that they find, you know, who's able to do it. Yeah. Yeah. They're just like, Hey, just, just finish this season and Do us a solid Doug. We're gonna pay you. Just kind of keep showing up. Yeah. Maybe win one game but don't win too many games. 'cause you don't wanna fuck up our draft pick. Okay, let's take one more break and then we will get to our afternoon games. PFT. You got a quick sponsor? Yeah.


Before we get to the afternoon, games are brought to by our good friends over at Kraken. You know, I see a lot of similarities between sports and crypto. You have passionate supporters that believe in their favorite crypto assets, like their sports teams team, Bitcoin, team Ethereum, maybe even team, whatever Dog Coin is going 10 x next week, who knows? But underneath it all is a shared belief that crypto is one of the best opportunities to achieve financial autonomy and financial freedom. That's what CRI Kraken is all about. Secure and simple access to over 200 cryptocurrencies. Kraken also has a flawless track record in protecting assets with some of the strongest crypto security features around. And not only is Kraken a leader in security, they cater to all experienced levels of Trader as well as the Kraken app. You've got Kraken Pro, a full suite of powerful tools that are built for the more seasoned traders out there. Whatever kind of trading strategy you use, Kraken Pro handles it with ease. And right now Barstool is teaming up with Kraken to give you the chance to win one whole Bitcoin. That's right. One entire Bitcoin. All you gotta do is go to Kraken dot com slash barstool and guess what the price of Bitcoin will be on January 3rd, 2025. As shown on Kraken. You have until December 13th of this year. To submit your prediction, go to Kraken dot com slash barstow now. Submit your guess. Terms and conditions applied. Not investment advice. Crypto trading involves risk of loss and is offered to us customers, excluding Washington, New York, and Maine through pay word Interactive Incorporated.


Okay. We're also brought to you by our friends at Aura Frames. Let's be honest, what most people really want for the holidays is see their favorite people more often. That's why this year, the best gift you can give besides plane tickets is an Aura Digital picture frame. Name the number one digital photo frame by wire cutter. Aura Frames are incredibly smart and easy to use, allowing you to upload unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. Plus you can order the frame online and preload it with photos and videos using the Aura app so it's ready to go right outta the box. Aura Frames is great, especially if you're a parent. You wanna see pictures of your kids, you put it up in your house, you can see all those memories. I have one at home. So save on the perfect gift by visiting Aura Frames dot com to get $35 off or as bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code PMT at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code PMT. The deal is exclusive to listeners, so get yours now in time for the holidays. Terms and conditions apply with ore frames.


By the way, I did a bad job of, I should have mentioned that the Dolphins Jets finished on a walk-off Sagami and our darling Jake was like, finally justice for Tua Fingers. Yeah. Kind of cool for him. Huge walk-off score. Aami. Very cool. You must have loved that memes. Big moment. This is also the first time I'm hearing that. Yeah, he said, he said Justice, justice for Tua Fingers. Okay. Niners 38 Bears 13. That game sucked. The Bears are a joke. They're so bad. They, they, they got ebra flu's fired, which I was totally on board with. You'd think there would be pride.


You'd think that there'd be an interim head coach pump. Nope. Same garbage team. Same garbage start. There was a moment where it was 310 yards to two and then it half it was 319 yards to four yards. I just need this season to end, so I just need it to be done. I can't do it anymore. It's fucking up my mood too much. Just get the Bears outta my face and we'll revisit it. Come draft. So the halftime three 19 to 4 319 by the 49 ERs. That's the most in the NFL this year. Yeah. Four by the Bears is the least in the NFL. Yeah. This year, as a matter of fact, since 2015.


Yeah. No, they were so bad. And you'd think that first off was really bad with a, with a fired coach. You'd think they'd come out with a purpose. Yeah. No, not at all. Not even close. No purpose. The silver linings in this is that we can, oh my God, the Chief's just going 20 just In Unbelievable. The Chiefs keep doing it. They keep doing it. Oh, the Chiefs just do one in, I Took five field goals in this game. That was huge. Unbelievable. So I want this season to end so bad. It's so, so bad. The only silver linings is we can maybe get a real coach. And there was a little bit of a murmuring of like, Thomas Brown could be the next coach.


I don't know why he's on the sideline. I don't know why. We, we had three good games offensively, relatively speaking. And we took him from the booth down to the sideline. Rome Dunes had a good game. Other than that, we are just a garbage garbage team. Garbage garbage organization. Just end the season. I can't do it anymore. Oh. And we play Monday Night Football next week. Good news is, it's a, it's a shared Monday night slate. So double header Monday Night Football. So the, the eyes of the world won't be on you. This is what I'm talking about. When I, when I was telling you about the Bears Thanksgiving week, the Bears sometime in the second half, they don't look as bad, but everybody only watches the first half of Bears Games because it's so depressingly awful. Yeah. That they're like, oh, this stinks. So they don't even get your good stuff.


No, it's, it's, I mean, we weren't good in the second half. We were just better than how bad we were. The First drive was good. Yeah. But we, it took like 15 minutes. I know The game was kind of over on that scoring drive. I just needed the season to end. I'm just so, I've, I'm outta energy. Like Max and Jackie tables were sitting there trolling me the whole game. And it, it doesn't even hurt. Like it can't, there's nothing like, it doesn't even, it doesn't even, I don't even feel it. You know what I mean? Because it's just like, this team is so bad and this organization is so bad and so lifeless and lost that I can't even, I can't even be hurt. I'm numb. They asked Kyle Shanahan after the game about Oh yeah. About the rumors that were spread by our good friend Mike Florio regarding the potential coach trade.


Yep. And he pretty much just poured cold water On him. He said no. And then there also was a report that Brock Purdy's gonna sign an extension. So Yeah, it was, and George Kittle was awesome. We just decided like, hey, let's not guard George Kittle at all. Interesting strategy. I don't know I anyone getting quiet. I mean, I, I'm done. They're they're in like the Jaguars pile of like, what, what does it even matter anymore? Fire Thomas Brown. Yeah. Fire Thomas Brown. I, it is just, there's no point. Just get the season over with, just get it over with. Like maybe beat the Packers. That would be awesome. That is, that'd be Your season. That's sick. But other than that, we're gonna get killed by the Vikings on Monday night Football Spin zone. At least you don't have to worry about them on Sunday.


You can put, you can put all that off to Monday. Like you can enjoy an NFL Sunday. True. True. I wish we had another bo I wish we could. They should really give an opt out for teams at this point of the season. Like you've Had two outta three last NFL Sundays Fearless. Yeah. And this one, those suck. 'cause the afternoon I, we always suck when we play in the afternoon. Sunday night football. Monday night football. Thursday night football, or the early sleep, that's when we suck. But Another spin zone. That game was over so quickly everyone stopped Watching. Only beats got that. No, I got it. What? The game was over so early Everyone stopped watching. Yeah. No one, no one was even paying attention to that game after it was 14. Nothing. Yeah.


It's just so bad. If You beat the Packers, is it a successful season? I hope they plan a flag. Yeah. It's kind of Ohio State. If we beat the Packers to somehow get 'em outta the playoff, which I don't think is possible. Yes. That would be a successful season. That would be my Super Bowl. I'd raise a banner for that. But yeah, it wouldn't, the only thing that with my luck and the Bears Luck, the the Bears would beat the Packers and then the Packers would like slide down a spot and like Jalen Hertz would get hit by a bus and then they would like, you know, like have a cake. You know what I mean? Like something the, the world would work in a way that the Bears beating the Packers actually helped the Packers get into the Super Bowl.


Jalen Hertz getting hit by a bus. Yeah. Tell me. I had to, I had to That it, it could happen if the Bears beat the Packers, I would make sure that Jalen Hertz does not cross any streets without looking both ways. Just saying Why did you wanna know about that? He want, he wanted To know. You want Yeah. Big Cat brought that up. He Wanted to know more. What if, what if like a piece of a stadium falls on him? That would be bad. That'd be bad. Shame that he's probably gonna play in his in a Falling stadium in a couple weeks. That'd be bad. No, they don't. That stadium doesn't fall. I don't know if you know, they got a new owner now. Changed the Shine Box buddy. Yeah, Everything's Changed. Same Stadium. You've been gone for a long time. Maybe you didn't know. I don't sell shoes anymore.


Also, I don't think the 49 ERs are good. I just think the Bears are that Bad. So I was wondering from the 49 ERs fans' perspective, are you thinking like, we might be good. It will it all come down to Thursday night Football? If they beat the Rams, then yes. I I I think the 49 ERs fans will allow themselves to be like, oh, maybe something's here, but, But you ju it's the same, you know, you guys were just in a Super Bowl. That is a, we might be good game this week Against the Rams, but even This Bears game is like, you can't Really tell though against the Bears. Everyone from their, from their perspective. I dunno How the Bears won four games from their perspective, they're, you know, spinning this to like, we're back. We're good. Yeah. This is, we're making a run. Was Madie Fus actually a good coach? How did he win four games?


I have no idea. It's Actually insane. They're four two. Yeah, no, they great roster. They play the Rams, the Dolphins, and then the Lions. So yeah, I mean the good thing about the the Niners is you'll just find out. 'cause if they, if they run the table, then they're absolutely a Super Bowl contender. 'cause that would be beating the Rams, the Lions, the Dolphins, and the Cardinals. So The rest of your season is gonna be spent hoping that Caleb plays well And nothing. How would you say Caleb played today? Not good. I mean, he is, he held onto the, the offensive line is terrible, but he holds onto the ball too long. He, he had a couple moments in the second half, but yeah, it's just, everything's a mess. Couple Good plays by Rome. I don't know why Thomas Brown wa was taken from, from the, the booth to the sideline. I don't know if that matters in my dumb brain. It does.


Can you do that? Can the interim head coach be a head coach from the booth? I'd love for 'em to do it. It just felt like they had a little tiny bit of momentum and it really wasn't a lot of momentum because they still sucked in the first half, in every first half. But yeah, I don't know. Just get, just reset. Get to the fucking off season and let me stop thinking about the Bears for a couple months and then I'll, I'll fill myself up with optimism and I'll say stupid shit that I'll regret later. And we'll just do it all over Again. We heard an interesting fact during the game today that at first none of us really believed, but it turns out, I think it might be true that the McCaskey won't let people wear Bears merchandise in their box during the games. No Logos. No logos.


It's like beneath It's not classy Enough. Which I'm not surprised. I mean, they, that that's some rich people. Shit. They didn't That's old money. Shit. Yeah, they asked hard knocks to, to have no swears. But like, you're at a Bears game and you're in the owner's box and they're like, can you please take that Bears hat off? Yeah. I listen, they're, they're terrible a Lap. Would You like to, would you like to apologize to me for making me apologize to you when the Bears were foreign too? No. Okay. I don't. Good question. I'm not in, I'm not in the business. Just curious, just curious. I've, I've given out so many apologies, so I'm out of apologies. That's Fine. I mean, that's classic Hank. He's just curious guy. Yeah. Yeah. Good question. Maybe, maybe after the season when I can refill with apologies.


Okay. I just feel like I've been apologizing to everyone Fair everywhere. Fair for everything I've said. Fair. So we'll just get to that. Put that on the list. Got it. Make a note for yourself and we'll we'll circle back. Okay. Yeah, good question. Thank You. You should apologize when Hank does his nine Darter. Yeah. Deal. Great. What, what Max what was that? What was that song? You just attach your mic into Pspu Punishments Are, are Are cooked in a bad spot. We're in a Bad spot with punishments. I'm gonna get my tattoo. I have a, I have a tattoo artist. I'm gonna do the nine everything Next year. I'm gonna get a perm. I'm gonna do the baseball at some point. Yeah, we're having some problems with the baseball thing. It's gonna come, but it's, It's due to the weather and It's also we're trying, same with the nine daughter.


We're trying to do something that is above and beyond for the awls. And it's, it's proving to be difficult. Same with the nine Darter. Same with the nine Darter, same with the nine Darter. Okay. Seahawks 30, Cardinals 18. This was the other team. So it was the Steelers, the Vikings, and now the Seahawks. I don't know what happened during the Seahawks Bye week, but their defense is completely different. This game was, it looked like the Cardinals came ready to go, scored on the first drive, and then Kyler started shitting down his leg and throwing picks. And the Seahawks controlled the entire game. So What's changed with the Seahawks is Ernest Jones is really good. Yeah. And he's, he's kind of taken on a, a big part of that defense and he is playing awesome right now.


Yeah. So the, the Seahawks defense shut the Cardinals down today. Their offense, the, the Cardinals defense has been pretty good at home. Yeah. They couldn't stop the run at all today. Teams teams Couldn't score against the Seahawks. Yeah. Seahawks Went up the Cardinals. Yeah. Against the Cardinals. And, and Charna was just electric today. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I think I'm, I think I believe in the Seahawks. I mean, they're now on the top of the NFC West and the way they've been playing. They've won four in a row. Their defense looks completely different. They have weapons everywhere. I think I'm believing in the Seahawks. They do have the weapons. I think the NFC playoffs are gonna be fucking, I think both, both Sides. They've, they've got the weapons. They've finally reached the point where JSN and DK have like fully taken over all the time for Locke.


Yeah. The Locke is barely even afterthought in that offense. But JSN has been playing great the last few weeks. Let's Do a headline. Is, is this the most wide open the n l's ever been? Mm. I I can't, you know what I'm thinking back to 2017, obviously. Yeah. It was pretty wide open in 2017 too. This might be the most wide open. The N l's ever been 2020. It was wide open. 2020 was wide open because Covid year it was Covid nothing Else. Anybody's game last year was kind of wide open too Last year. But then the Chiefs and the Niners played in The Super Bowl. Well, it's about to be the Chiefs again this year. It just feels like it. They're not good. They only have one loss. They Don't lose.


I know. All right. Seahawks Cardinals though, we're talking about them. Gino is now six No. Against the Cardinals. Yeah. He doesn't lose to him. It feels like this is the end of the cardinal season. They had a nice run, but they have fallen off and it just, it's frustrating. I, I've said it many times before, but like watching the Cardinals, when things are not clicking on offense, they might be the most frustrating offense to watch. Yeah. The, yeah. Not great because You just expect big plays to happen and you expect when Kyler runs around that something cool's gonna happen and then it just doesn't happen. Yeah. So this is a, a big time pivotal game for both teams. Yeah. So because they won now the Seahawks are way, way more likely to make the playoffs. If the Cardinals had beaten the Seahawks today, It would've Been wide open.


It kind of would've been reversed. Yeah. The Seahawks would be down to like, I don't know, 11% if they had lost. Yeah. So pretty crazy, pretty crazy outcome. I don't think anybody thought it was gonna be a big time blowout like it was. But Kyler basically put them in the shitter in the first quarter. Basically all I'm watching for, for the car. I mean I guess they could, they're, they're two lost two back in the, in the lost column. And the Seahawks have the tiebreaker 'cause they beat 'em twice so they're not eliminated. But it feels like they're eliminated. I'm just gonna watch to see if Trey McBride will have the best season of a receiver ever without scoring a touchdown Tied. How many yards does he have now? 850. Yeah. Does not have a touchdown. Get him in the end zone. Get him in the end zone.


It's crazy. Also get the guy in the end zone. Are we sure that Marvin Harrison Jr. Is good? Actually Yes we are. Just remember Marvin Harrison Sr. Listen to the podcast. Yes, we are. He is Very good. I just wanted to say that Marvin Harrison Jr. Is an impact player. Player. Incredible player. They Gotta get him the ball. More Player. Really good player. Really good player. Okay. Last game. Best game. Rams 44. Bills 42. This game ruled Josh Allen was out of this world. Good. Matthew Stafford was out of this world. Good. Pka Nku is Unguardable. Cooper Cup was catching balls off his thighs. It was awesome. Everything about this game was awesome. Yeah. So a couple things, a couple firsts for Josh Allen and the Bills today.


Josh is the first player with three pass touchdowns and three rush touchdowns in the same game. Yeah. Crazy. In NFL history. Crazy. And it's also the first time that a team scored six or more touchdowns with no turnovers and lost. I don't like that stat because they're just pretending that the block punt. The block that changed the game. The block punt. That literally was the game That was return for a touchdown. Yeah. Both teams couldn't be stopped. And then the special teams of the bills failed once. And that was the game. Yeah. It was pick six without It was a kick six. Yeah. So that's a, that's a misleading stat. It Is, but it's also a true stat. It is a true stat, but I I I wanna say when, when 10 years from now and it happens again and we're like, oh, the only other time it happened we'll be like, is Bill's Rams? Were like, actually there was a block punt.


And also that was during the wide open 2024 NFL season. Yes. When Anything could happen. The most wide open season we've ever had. Yeah. But yeah, this was, this was football porn. It was sober. And I, you knew, I I was saying on Friday, this is another one of those kitchen sink games for Sean McVay. He had a couple of 'em this year where it's like the Ram's back has been against the wall and he's going to basically call a perfect game. And by the way, Hank, I feel like Tom Brady's kind of finding a rhythm. 'cause he was saying, which is a good point, that the Rams have very rarely been in a position this year where they can dictate their play calls offensively and how it looks so different when they were playing with a lead and Sean McVay playing with a lead can do whatever he wants and they haven't been in that spot.


And that's why they were just like exploding offensively. Yeah. He also creamed himself over Cooper Cup's hands at one point. Yeah. Strong Hands. And his voice sounds bad. He's got strong hands. His voice voice Sounds good. No, his voice was scratchy. He was, I like it sounded under the weather. Oh, you like it? Yeah. Sounds like daddy. Yeah. Oh yeah. By The kitchen sink by the way was like, get the ball to pka. Nku. Yeah. And Cooper Cop and Cooper Cop, but Oh, and they ran the ball. Really? Yeah. They ran for like a hundred yards in the first half. I Just love watching pka Nku. Yeah. He's, he's so good. He's making, they're throwing him the ball when he's covered. He's fully, he's not open. Yeah. And just knowing that he's gonna do something incredibly athletic and strong and acrobatic and ended up coming down with a catch. Yeah.


He always does. The Rams were 11 for 15 on third down. And every time they needed a third down, they found one. And Then bring five guys to tackle him. Yeah. Yeah. He's awesome. I The Rams are a dangerous team. If they could ever get in The bills. Hate, hate James Cook. Yeah. Well they were playing from behind. Yeah. And then I gave a free bet a 15 k free bet to our graphics team. And they picked James Cook anytime touchdown. And then our good friend number one ball knower or ball watcher in America. Liam Bluman, like, I don't know, halfway through the third quarter was like, actually there's some stats showing that they're saving him for the Playoffs. So there his carries are down. It's like that would've been nice to know the Usage rate. Yeah. Yeah.


He just went off on the usage rate. And Josh Allen is just, he, he's a, he's a TD Vulture. He Does at the goal line every time at the goal line, just sitting Josh diving headfirst through the pile. We should mention by the way, all times stupid mistake by Sean McDermott at the end of the game. Yes. That's what Brady Brady was, was cooking them mean That was so, because they did it perfectly. They so, so set the stage. The bills were down. What were they down nine? It was 44, 35, I believe they were down nine. And they had all three timeouts. And, and the bills ran a perfect drive where they were getting everything to the sideline. They were getting outta bounds. They were going quickly.


Essentially, if they can keep all three of their timeouts, they will be able to kick it deep if they want to try to get a stop and then a punt and field goal to win, they get all the way down to the one yard line. And then Sean McDermott calls a, a tush push. Don't get in. He burns the one time out game over. That's it. 'cause then you have to onside kick. You're not gonna get the onside kick game over. It was crazy. I don't know why they did it so perfectly. And then at the last second they're like, oh. 'cause they, they were at the one yard line. It was a passenger interference, the end zone. They could have just, they could have just ran a bunch of pass plays and, and, and not had the clock go. You were just thinking that there's no chance that they stop him on this court. Right. But it was just that you, you had done it to perfection to get a one stop all three timeouts, get a punt, 20 seconds left, have Josh Allen get into field goal range.


Like it, it worked perfectly. And then you just threw it all Out. So that was a big mistake by McDermott. There was also another big mistake at the very, very end of the game. So the Rams punt, they did a walk off punt. Yeah. Which you hardly ever see. But the idea was kick the ball so high in the air that it lands after the clock expires. Yes. So they get no time at all. McDermott had nine guys on the field. Oof. Nine. Oof. Not 10, not 11 guys. Nine. And there was, there was a penalty just before that with a delay of game that the Rams took intentionally. Oh. To wind the clock all the way down and you still had nine guy post penalty. Nine guys, nine guys on the field. Shit. That's a lot Of, you're supposed to have 11. Yeah. You'd think that Sean McDermott would know the difference between nine and 11.


Yeah, You would. I've heard you absolutely would. If there's Numbers would be two out There, the two numbers he would know. He would. Okay. Sunday night Football Chiefs win walk off field goal doink. That works in their favor. They've, Yeah. They've got the power of the doink on there. So the doink is an enemy to everyone except the Chiefs. Yeah. They that big third down at the end of the game when they get Travis Kel where the Chargers can stop 'em. They, they would have like a minute and a half left. That was the back breaker, credited the Chargers because it looked like they were not interested in playing in this game in the first half without Lab McConkey. And then they came out and had a nice second half.


But the Chiefs just keep winning. They're just better than everyone. We will Have Jerry O'Connell on the show to talk about the fantasy recap for this season. Yeah. Jerry had lad starting for us until the last second. Oh no. Took him out. Put Palmer in instead. That overthrow on Palmer would've been probably 70 yards and a touchdown. We ended up losing a hundred point 82 to 102.22. Ugh. That's the difference right there. That's it. Jerry, I want you Game Of inches folks, I want you to walk me through your thoughts and your process. This is your exit interview. Game of Inches i's brutal.


Hank Max. Hank, you bet. The, you bet. This game. Oh, Oh, max. Thanks for sending this, this way. If Juan Soto goes to the Mets, I'll post a video of me eating a gallon of human shit. Why would someone tweet that? I, Well, this was tweeted today. Yeah. Like an hour ago. So it was somebody that was hoping to Oh, Go viral. Is this you Max All things Philly? Yeah. Is this you? This Would not be me. Why'd you send it Then? Yeah. I did not send Meme sent that. I think it's you. I think Max sent it. Hank, you think the Chiefs just gonna win the Super Bowl? I think they're gonna get to the Super Bowl.


Unfortunately, I still, they can't, and I know they have black Magic. They have, they have curses, they have witches. Like they're not a good team. They're Not, they're not a good Team. They're not. It's gonna, but it's gonna happen in the Playoffs. They're gonna lose, they're gonna beat the bills. In a weird way. They're gonna beat the Ravens in a weird way. Like they're, They're not, It's impossible to watch this team and watch how the season has gone and because all, you know, expectations and like projections go out the window. They just win. So, and the playoffs is the ultimate example of that happening. Like somehow Teams, you know Yeah. The great teams win. They've won two Super Bowls. They're not worried about the pressure.


No, I, I agree. They're gonna find a way to win somehow. I agree with you. And it's gonna be infuriating With I agree with you in that fact. Like, people you know, say, oh, they get lucky. It's like, no, no. They're just really talented. And if a, if the ball bounces their way, they're ready. You can't have any mistakes against the Chiefs. If you, if the ball bounces their way, they're gonna capitalize on it. That's why they're Andy Reed and Patrick Holmes and the Chiefs. I just don't know. Like, I feel like Patrick Mahomes has no time. Their offensive line feels more like it was in the 2020 season than last season or the season before, where it's like last season Mahomes Looks bad Too. I know. 'cause he has no time. They're not a great team. They don't have guys that are beating people one on one, but They are great at winning.


Right. Exactly. Yeah. Guess you're right. You're right. They Know exactly what to do to win close games. What's the record against the spread this year? Bad. Really bad. They've, I think, I think it's like six or seven in a row that they've lost. Yeah. I mean they just, they know how, if they get, like Big Cat said if they get one break Yeah. They Capitalize. Yeah. They just capitalize on it. Did, were you impressed at all with the Chargers? And also You were so happy when Justin Herbert, you thought he, his knee exploded? No, not at all. I bet, I bet. The, I had the Chargers running. You Rub it in My face a lot. I was, I was riding the Chargers. I I drank the Kool-Aid. That Overthrow was inexcusable. Really? It was a good second half. It was a good comeback.


They needed. I thought he was gonna have a chance. Like they needed, they needed to make that third down stop. Justin Herbert needed to have a shot to at least, you know, win the game or, or whatever. But yeah, they, I mean, they stink. Like they're just, they're bad. Right. So they're Not, they're not, they might win one playoff game. Maybe The Chiefs, the Chiefs are not a good team. But if it's at the end of the game and you need one drive to put you in a position to win the game, they're still a great team. Yeah. They might be the best team in the NFL in that scenario. Max Can't find it, but I have it seven straight against the spread losses. Wow. Seven including tonight. That's insane. How long are you gonna keep the Chargers could win the Super Bowl charade going, I don't know if they can win the Super Bowl.


I, I think they can win a playoff game and then I'll probably cash out one of my two futures. The entire reason behind the bet was for a cash out. We said That. No, I knowledge. But also you said that you probably wouldn't cash out. Well, well, I made two of 'em, so I'll definitely cash out one of 'em. Yeah. If they win a, if they win a playoff game, it'll be after a playoff game. They gotta win one playoff game and then I will be like, yes, let's cash out. Fair. Alright. Any other thoughts from week 14? I'm happy buys are gone. Yeah. We need, we need to get back to, I think next week we have five games. Late Balls deep in football And they're like really good games too. And then we're gonna get Saturday football Soon.


Saturday football is always nice weeks. That's in A week, two weeks. Xavier Legette cost us a a great Episode. Yeah. Xavier Legette, The Sickos should be upset with him. The Sickos should be very upset at Xavier Legette because Max was gonna be Prime Prime upset. Especially after his rant about the Lions. It would've been great. Yep. It would've been great. They stole that from us. Yeah. Next week we have Bill's, lions, Steelers, Eagles. Really? No, it's all, all the good games are late. All the good games are late. Bill's, lions and Steelers. Eagles late and Bucks Chargers. Which will be That's so fun. That's gonna be fun. That's too, so fun. Fun ass games. That's, those are some fun ass games.


The, the Eagles Should make an acronym for it. The Eagles Commanders game that we talked about potentially being flexed to Monday night that Max and I were looking forward to. Yeah. Maybe turns out that's not a possibility of happening because it, their earlier matchup was on Amazon and the NFL has a rule where if Amazon has one game, then you can't take their second game away from Fox or CBS, which I'm very happy about because I, I know you guys wanted to go to the game, but we need that game to be streamed And we need to be able to have an episode after it. Yep. Because Christmas week we won't have a Wednesday episode. So if it went to Monday night, we would've just sat for like three days. Yep. Waiting to talk about it. Now we get to talk about it right away.


Yep. And it could be significant. You gotta, you gotta beat the Saints. Gotta beat the Saints. Gotta beat the Saints one to know. Gotta beat, gotta go one. No. Or Spencer Rattler. Yeah.


Alright, let's do, oh, I have a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com. Promo code take.


So we're down to two max is clinched. PF T's still trying to clinch. We'll have two playoff teams on this podcast. Possibly. Definitely Gotta beat the Saints. Oh, definitely. Hank you. Shut the fuck Up. So my Rollback question is the two verse seven. How much have you guys thought about this? We first thought about that. I'd say what, a month and a half ago. A month ago. Rams. Okay. You're scared. You want the comm wants the Rams. I'm just, no, I'm not. I don't want the Rams. But we're It, you should want the Commies at The Rams. I'm just asking the Rams make me nervous.


I'm just asking two verse seven. I'm just asking because it's kind of, it's pretty much locked in that the Eagles are gonna have the, the, the Eagles could obviously go to one, but they're not gonna, it'd be very hard for them to go to three. They'd have to lose three out of their last four. And the Seahawks would have to win out. And the commanders, they really can't. I mean, it'd be hard for them to go up to the six. I think it's a Collision course right now. I think if we win three games, we would still be the seven seed I think. Yeah. 'cause the Packers are ahead of you. Yeah. So have we thought, are we thinking about It?


We're thinking about it. I welcome the challenge. I mean, the Rams are a really good football team. It's hard to beat team. You could, you could basically end his life. It's Hard to beat a team three times in a year. You could basically end his Life. What does that mean? That Means that we're probably gonna win one of the next two. I Don't know why you're scared, Matt. I like, I would, I would, I would be, I would want the commanders. The commanders is like a, it's just a layup. Put this On your bulletin Board. Yeah. It's a layup. We we're not even supposed to be here. We're not even a good team. Put on your bullet quarterback. We, we haven't beaten a team that's above 500. Bulletin board. Bulleted Board. You want us? We're a cupcake. Who Would you, alright, max, lemme ask you this way. Yeah. Why would you wanna play the Rams if the season ended today, who would you want to see in the playoffs in that two seven matchup?


Best case scenario for you? In an outside world, it would be the commanders in this world. I don't want to see the commanders in the Playoffs. That you can't Yeah. Can't do that. It's one world. Want All One world. I'll just say it. I want the Eagles obviously right now. Right Now I'm playing. It's a win-win for You. I'm playing your house money. Yeah. We we're a year away from contending. You guys are good. Like the Eagles are good. No, next year we're gonna be good. Playoff team would be by definition at least. Good. Yeah. No one To your definition. Zero Expectations. Oh, not even a memes definition. Right? I Mean, for maximum heartbreak. For Max. No, That, that's what I'm saying. Like, it's scary because it's just like the worst situation and would be such a bad loss for me.


And I see those losses so often. You've, well, Hey Max by the Way, but like the Eagles are objectively so much better than the commanders. Objectively So much that You guys aren't playing the game. Dude. Like, like Max, you, you just beat the Panthers. Yes. Kind of. You beat you beat the Panther. Stay. Like, don't let anyone take away from that. You got Smoked by the fucking Cowboys. We smoked the Panthers. That was also a different Panthers team. After we smoked them, we lit a fire under their asses. The, like The Panthers are good now. Yeah, they are good. They were bad. We're not good. The Bears beat the fuck out of the Panthers. We fucked him up. We fucked him up. Yeah. Matt Fus, coach of the year. You guys are Yeah.


You guys are good at beating, beating up bad teams. And then as soon as you play a team above 500, you look horrible. No, that's not true. We lost by like one score to the Steeler. One point to the Steelers and one score to the Raven. Well you said horrible. Yeah. Let's get, let's get a round of applause. I think we have different definitions of the word horrible memes. Did you have some stats that you compiled anti PFT Commander stats? No, that was gonna be my nerd nugget of the week On, on Thursday with the Cardinals losing the Commanders m beat a team over 500 the season. Oh. But they're only under 500 because we beat them. You're, you're only Take that loss out. You're just playing teams because you sucked last year. We're playing.


That's how the NFL works playing. That's why you should be excited to play Schedule. I know, but I but that's also why I would lose, because I lose these games. Listen, max, we're not, you Lose 'cause of your attitude. I'm not. I'm not. That is Your attitude. You just said that. I'm not playing in the game. Pick a side. I'm just That. But like, you're not playing in the game. The matchup favors the Eagles. So you fucking root. Like that's, that's, that's what your take is. You'd rather play the commanders than the the Rams Outside of this world. Yes. The Rams are a better team than us. Correct? Yes. Yeah. Get your head outta your ass Max. You're afraid of this world. Yeah. You are Afraid. Yes. I'm afraid of this world. I'm afraid of this fucking room.


What room would we watch that in? That's an important one. We're afraid of this room. We probably have to watch It in here. I will say that does make it Max. You're gonna smoke us in the playoffs. Smoke 'em. It'll be such incredible. It's Not even close. You're passing game's. Great. But I, I forgot to, I wrote down this though. 'cause we're talking about schedule. I am pumped to have a fourth place schedule again. That's the best. Yeah. When you get a fourth place schedule, you're just like, we get to just play the bad teams from every other division. Nothing better. This guy would know. Yeah, it's great. Listen, the commanders this year, I don't know why do you keep bringing the commanders up, max? I didn't Bring this up, dude.


We're not a good team. We're, we're, we're a perfectly average team. I think that our offense is above average, but we're not supposed to be good this year. Yeah. It's so if we make the Playoffs, I mean, if we get a playoff win that's like multiple simples. Oh my God. Oh my. Especially if It was a against, oh, it was the Eagles, a division rival. You'd Have to plan a flag in Max's Seat. I would rather have that than even a Super Bowl this year. Just like beating the Eagles in the playoff. Yeah. I would go full Jack Sawyer on that shit. Well, oh, you would? Is that his name? Oh, You get a Flag in A fucking I would put would no, I You do That. No. You would do that. No, I would fight PFT And I would pepper spray You pug would mace you. I'm try to fucking do the Pug.


Imagine pug. Imagine pug standing there with a big thing at Pepper spray Ready to go Bear Mace. Okay, listen. He Actually does walk around with pepper spray everywhere he goes. So that makes sense. No way. Could swear to God. Of course he does. Swear He thought the Cleaners were robbing us the other night. Oh, he's gonna pepper spray him. Yeah. Well this was Hank's fault. There Was some, I mean, What I, I dunno that, I dunno. This is, there was some crazy shit going down when I left the office last night. So I called and told them and then I think I'm gonna have freaked him out. But it wasn't, I wasn't like trying to freak him out. It was Who? Pug Pug also pays for the citizen app to make sure that he got Oh, he's a Karen p he's A Karen Citizen premium.


Oh Yeah. My God. He's terrified. Yeah. That nothing will scare you more than knowing the details of every crime that takes place anywhere near you. Yeah. In the city of Chicago. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. People clean the building. We're gonna rob us. Oh my God. He's guys bear, bear me. I'm gonna try to figure out a way to get Mace by pug. Why? I want to. Why? Because It'd just be funny. It's, it's supposed to be like the most painful thing ever. I know. But it would be funny if we like staged and mugging on them. Do you wanna do a Mac bet? No. Do you wanna do a Mace bet for the Playoffs Max? Yes. You Mac bet. Yes. Why? It's a, it's a, it's a bonus bet. Yeah. May's a bonus bet. I I'm down for it. If Max, It also doesn't take, it's not like all of our other bets that it take forever.


Like you just do it right away so you can just pay it off. Yeah, I'll Agree. I would be the one that would have to shave my fat fucking face and get pepper sprayed. What do you Mean you'd have to shave your fat face? I already had to do that. For What? What the Sixers are back one, two in a row. You beat the bulls. That Was like five years ago. Wait, what do Oh yeah. Are you talking about the fucking Soul Patch Patch? Soul patch. Yeah. That was like the worst punishment any of us have had to do. Yeah. It's a Pretty bad one. 60 minutes of standup. I would've crushed that. Max. I'll shake on it right now. That's Crazy. Commander's Eagles Post season. You wouldn't if you had, if you had the choice, Lose gets maced 60 Minutes of standup.


Yeah, That's what I was. Yeah. Yeah. You fucking liar. Come on. Coward. What? Mac bet. No, I'm not doing the Mac bet. Let's let, let's not, we can't even get there. I we're not even there yet. Let's talk about that sunk. Let's talk about that. Where we, Why you fucking sunk down? I had to piss so bad. Oh, What? You pissed? Yeah. I just pissed right here. I can't see that. That's so gross, dude. What do you mean? I had to piss. It was going long. I just did do twice in the past five minutes. We've Been doing that for years, max. Thanks for listening to part of my take. I I had to, I sunk down so you couldn't see anything. Alright, Mayback, I'm Jacked Off during the show. Done. Mac back. No, I'm jacking off right now. Alright, let's do who's back of the week.


We'll talk some college football as well. I'll do the bracket for my who's back.


Coors Light from overcrowded stores and flight delays to awkward family dynamics and dinner mishaps. The holidays are far from perfect, but that doesn't mean we have to lose our chill, forgotten ingredients don't have to ruin dinner. Takeout and Coors Light are always crowd pleasers when the mountain turns blue. It's as cold as the Rockies Coors Light is cold. Lagger cold filtered in cold package. For a smoother finish, choose chill this holiday season, then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take.


Okay. Who's back of the week? Henry. My who's back of the week is Timothy Chalet. Yeah. Shamal Shamal. Paul Noer Shamala. He was the guest picker on college game day when they made the announcement earlier in the week. There was a lot of out, no outrage, but a lot of, you know, chirping going on online being like gatekeeping. Oh, it's the SEC championship Big game. And we have a, you know, French Sounding actor, A French, someone with New York City guy, dual citizenship actor from New York City as the guest picker. Like how could we not do better? Then he went on stage and absolutely crushed it. Elite Ball Noer Knows way more than Desmond Howard Probably is listening to this podcast at some point.


Yeah, he's probably listening right now. He's a sports freak. I think he actually, someone found out he's a he listen to sentence. He's a ringer head. Yeah. But but that doesn't mean you can, there's both. If He listens to Racc, he probably has heard of us. Yeah. And I think, I mean that there's the, you know, there's a lot of people that listen to both. Yeah. Yeah. Timothy, come on the podcast. Timothy, come on. Come stream a Game with us. Talk some ball. Yeah, he did A good job. You do you think he is an actual ball knower and, and I, I do. But there was some, some people saying he was just, you know, reading lines A Good actor. No, because someone else posted a picture of him when he was like 12 years old waiting outside a Broadway play, trying to get a Marty sto Mater Meyer to sign a mixed jersey.


I think he's a sports fan. Yeah. Yes. He obviously like, do I think he's watching Mion? Maybe not. But I think he is a genuine sports fan. I love the fact that it was also outside of a play. Yeah. It's got the acting and the sports all in one. Look, Timothy Shala may wait outside a Broadway show to get a Mario Somy autograph when he was 14. I It was awesome. Yeah. He did a good job. Meme Just said he did a Lot better than J MU's gas picker. Oh, that's a good one. Mem. So that's a good one. Wait, how, what Was also, you got chirped at the, the picker. It was Brutal. Dude. Kicker. Kicker with like, I had five seconds and really Took His, took his opportunity. I was Just, I was actually, 'cause I saw Max and Hank here on Saturday. I was here with my kids running around hitting some Wiffle balls.


My son was hitting some dingers Max. You, you would've lefty. And then I just started getting tagged in a tweet and it was this kid who was kicking for $1.2 million and McAfee was like, do you know anything about field goal kicks? He was like, yeah, double donk Big Cat. I was like, what the fuck? Did he make The kick? He missed it. Oh, that's a shame. Yeah. Real shame. Also, also, I shouldn't let a lawyer Kick it Also. Herb Street. Shout out that guy. He's probably an a WL Not to get personal. Herb Street. The kid, the guy that Said Big Cat. Yeah. He's Stinks. I he stinks at Holden. Yeah. Bat holder. I don't wanna throw him under the bus, but he's a bat holder. Shout out that guy should have made the kick. He had two chances. Damn.


And then Texas lost Sami's record. I don't know. I know he had Ohio. He Picked Ohio. I don't think he Ended up being that good. Ah. Oh. But he had the one graphic where everyone else picked against him. Yeah. And the Ohio won easily. Championship Championship Saturday was pretty awesome. Pretty fun. Okay, You went four outta seven. That's pretty good. It's better than along. We're so bad. Well, they're not picking against the spread. Yeah. But I don't, I don't know if I would win if I picked winners. Yeah. PFT you Who's back? My who's back of the week is feeling young. Mm. Because I saw you tweet about this. We discussed it a little bit earlier, but there was a post online on x.com.


The, everything happens All happening on X. That was along the lines of want to feel old Jerome Betis son Jerome Betis Jr. Has enrolled at Notre Dame. Yeah. Jerome Betis. He I think last played college football in 1992. His last NFL season was 2005. I think he's 52 years old. Yeah. His son attending college lines up perfectly with that. He should be attending college. That's a want to feel young. And we gotta bring back, want to feel Youngs. Yes. And along those same lines, Sean Taylor's brother just declared for the NFL draft his brother. That's awesome. Wanna feel young? Wanna feel Young? We Got it. He's declaring for the draft. Also wanna feel young Deion Sanders's son is gonna declare for the NFL Draft.


That makes sense. Yeah. Makes perfect sense. Wanna feel young? John Cena doesn't have kids Wanna feel young? You guys will be 55 when Juan Soto's contract expires. That's pre making me feel old. Actually, that's not true. We'll be 54. We're not 40 yet, dude. I was 50, not 16. You're right. And How old will you be? 47. Oh Yeah. You're gonna be so old. Hank. Listen, It makes me feel young. We're Already old. You still gotta get to it. Nah, I'm there. You're, you know, you're, we're good. No, I'm not. We're about to turn 40. You've been having a midlife crisis.


Yeah. Yeah. You wanted to buy a sick car. Still do. That's the, the, the quintessential sign of a midlife crisis is being like, I need a sick car. Yep. I'm looking forward to just being my age. That's a little too quick. I'm looking to feeling old. Yeah. Yep. It sure is. I am a little, I am dreading 40 just because I'm, I've done the math and I I definitely am Over halfway. I'm, I'm not feeling that bad about 'cause I've mentally accepted. I've, I've pretty much been 40 since I turned 38. Yeah. Do you think It's worse turning 40 or turning 30? 30 was 40. 40 30 was awesome. Yeah. I loved 30. Because you Still feel good when you turn 30. When you turn 40 every, like, there's stuff, there's injuries that you've just accumulated on your body.


Yeah. 30 was a great age term because 30 is when you turn 31, you're young again. Because everyone who's in their late thirties, you're like, oh, I'm not gonna get there forever. Two, you're finally like, oh. An adult that people kind of respect. 'cause you're like, yeah, I'm 30 and then three you when you're 30 you can start like skipping out on things, being like, yeah, I don't really wanna do it. I'm 30. You can't be like, you can't be 25 and be like, no, I don't wanna go out this weekend guys. I'm tired. Yeah. You Can't say I'm tired. You can, when you're in your thirties, you Don't get tired. Right. Twenties. You have no excuse. You gotta go balls to the wall. 30 is great. 30 was freeing. It was liberating. Memes and I both turned 30 this Year. 30 can be Like a fucking brick Shit house. No. We gotta get some young blood in here. Yeah. We gotta get a young, we're gonna get a, we're gonna get a, we're gonna do it right this year.


We're gonna get an intern early in the summer, so we're gonna do it. How old is Jack? 25. Okay. All right. We gotta get some young blood. My Issues, when I started working here, I was 19 and that's just like the, the, as I get older, it's like I still feel like I'm living. And it is, this job is, you know, a young man's job. It feels like, you know, we're doing shit when I'm 19, but I'm 30. Wait, I thought You were 18, your first 19 Tom Mcache video was 18. 19. 19. Okay. And how old are you? 31. Okay. So you still got a few years for me to say that I've known you for half your life. Yes. Hank, if you woke up tomorrow and Barstow was just not a thing.


Like it, it had never been a thing. But you are unemployed, you wake up and you have to find a job. What do you do? I think he'd find a job. Oh, I know that. I would try, I would try Produce the number one sports podcast. Yeah. No. I'd probably buy like a, a van and just drive around the country for a little bit. Yeah. And figure it out. That's sick. Everyone here would be good except memes. 'cause he's not, he, Memes would be great. People Would be Like, whoa. And you need references. Are you gonna fight me in this interview? Memes? I, If you want to, I'll like To you. You're stuck with us for life, dude. Most Glowing letter of recommendation ever. I'll do it right now. If you want one right now, I'm okay. You sure? Literally Do. He's gonna Leave for Gruden in a second.


Oh, But you'd fight, you'd have to fight Gruden. Yeah. Gruden would like that. He'd be like, defeats a strength kind of thing. Let's fight. Alright. My who, my who's back. Let's talk about the college football playoff real quick. So we have the college football playoff. Alabama got left out. I feel no remorse for Alabama. I thought there was a chance they were gonna sneak 'em in. I still think they would've snuck them in as if SMU did not come back in that game. It was basically the perfect way for SMU to lose in a walk-off bomb of a field goal after coming all the way back. But I, I don't really care about the teams that, that are left out. It's like the, it's like March Madness. We have, I don't know, an hour for me to feel bad and then I'm like, I'm excited For more football.


No, you can't feel bad for Alabama. No. Because you can just say to Alabama, you lost to Oklahoma. Well, and the big thing with Alabama fans, which I do not understand, they keep saying get ready for us to, to schedule the weakest non-conference opponents possible. They lost all three of their games in the conference. Yeah. Their three losses were Vanderbilt, Oklahoma, and 10 Tennessee. Yeah. You beat Wisconsin. Yeah. Yeah. They, They kicked The shit out of it. The non-conference was not the issue. I don't think it was the issue for anyone. No, that's on the outside looking at you. No. Yeah, I don't think so. You just have to win the games that you should win. Like they were favored by I think 21 points against Oklahoma. Yeah. And I think they lost by 21 points.


Yeah. In Oklahoma. Yeah. No, the, That's a pretty big deal. The only team that you could say the non-conference was maybe a problem was Clemson just because they had to play Georgia at the first game, South Carolina. The, the last game. They lost both those games. If they had not won the a CCC championship game, they wouldn't have been in. Yeah. So you could make the argument they could have scheduled cupcakes and, and had one loss and been in Yeah. Also shout out to Dabo Swinney. Yeah. After the game zombie after the game he gets, he gets on the mic and the first thing that he says is SMU should be in the playoff too. Yeah. Like right away they said that that was the loudest cheer that went up from Clemson. Probably because they already knew that they were in Yeah. So they weren't gonna give themselves a giant cheer, but when they found out that SMU was also gonna make it, and I They're very happy about that.


I, I really don't, I don't, I care for like maybe two seconds and then it's like, all right, let me look at the bracket because the bracket is awesome. I they're gonna have to tweak it. It should be the four best teams get a buy because it's definitely a little lopsided. And it brings us to Penn State, getting a dream draw, which I mean they have, they, I think they're heavy favorites over SMU. They'd probably be heavy favorites over over Boise State. And so they could theoretically be heavy favorites in both their first two games and get to the semis. Whereas Oregon, who is the best team in the country, who's the only undefeated team in the tournament, has to play either Tennessee or Ohio State in the second round.


Which you could make the argument both those teams are not seated correctly and should be seated at five and six. Well, it's, It's crazy that this is the way that it shook out. But first of all, max, congratulations on finishing second place in the Big 10. Yes. Big deal. That was huge. Yep. And if you had won that game, you would've been fucked. Maybe. Yeah. Defense of Penn State was so bad. Yeah. They through all are very good. It was tough with that linebacker saying Big 10 bully on his eyeball. They kept Showing it. They kept showing it and then they kept Dylan and Gabriel would just do Dylan and Gabriel is so good at running right up to the line of scrimmage and then throwing a dart every time I think he's gonna take off and he just throws it right at the line of Scrimmage.


Big 10 bully. But now if Penn State loses either of these first two games, James Franklin. Yeah. It'd be like losing to Washington the playoffs. Yeah. And Georgia. I know that everyone keeps saying like, so Georgia's the two seed ge everyone's like, oh, well Georgia is not Georgia. I understand that Georgia has lost four games, I think in the last four years and three of them, three of the four or two. Alabama and Alabama's not in this bracket. So, and I know Carson Beck is hurt, which might be a good thing. Yeah. Their backup might be better. Actually, the real, the real question is how injured is their punter. Yeah. Because their punter's a fucking monster. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm just excited. I think it's gonna be great.


I do think there's obviously some flaws in this system, but I don't care. I, I'm excited for football. I think there'll be an upset. We don't think about, I think Arizona state's one of those teams that is so hot right now, and they were 11 one with their starting quarterback. Why can't they go on a little run Scab boo. Yeah. Scab. Boo's. Fucking awesome. Notre Dame And yeah, Marcus Freeman said that he had to look up Kurt sti. He Googled him and he said, I I googled him. Yeah. And he wins. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Do we got we got an end state. We got this Indiana going up against each other. It does rock that we're gonna get to see playoff games and home environments. Yeah. That's gonna be very cool. It's Gonna be incredible. You guys have any, any issues with it? Geor? I mean, memes is a Georgia fan.


Only issue I have with it is that Boise State is number three. I just hate, I hate, I hate it. I thought you were an Aston Gente guy. I am. How scared were you on Friday? I wasn't scared. I was more just, listen, the Ashton Genti bot Army has made it very ugly, But when he jumped up to plus 400 in that first half, nothing They, they, they have made it very ugly. They've, they've just keep repeating. Oh, snaps aren't stats. I got nervous and just like, completely erased the fact that he's playing two positions at a very high level Stamina. Yeah. All these good headed stamina. Yeah. And then we, and then we just say like, we've never seen National Johnny before And we, we have, his name was Melvin Gordon or Kevin Smith, or Barry Barry Sanders.


So Do you guys wanna go pick national champions or it Wednesday? We can do Wednesday. Fill out your whole bracket. We can do Wednesday. Oregon's really good. We keep saying no one's good. Oregon went undefeated. And Ohio. Ohio State might be good too. I I'm so curious about Ohio State because it does feel like they, I think they could win it all. And I think they, that Game should be in Tennessee. Yeah. They, that's my, not that Well no. Ohio State should be the, the, the sixth seed just For vibes Though. Or the fifth seed. Ohio State has a better resume. I mean they beat Penn State head to head. I don't know. Seems like, seems like they should get a little bit of a, I mean they, they played on the field.


I I think Ohio State could either win it all or they could come out and just be like a completely dead Team. Totally flat against Tennessee. Yeah. Yeah. That absolutely could happen. Oh yeah. Kirby Smart ripping Greg Sankey to his face was so funny. Even though this is just my favorite part about college football because this is, I mean it's Ashton Jen thing. Obviously I'm bi well I'm unbiased, but everyone has their wars and they fight to the death about it. Kirby Smart's saying they put us on the road all these times. They played eight games in the state of Georgia. Yeah. They did play the hardest teams possible. They did outside of Georgia. This is the problem with the new super conferences. They gotta figure out a more balanced schedule. But we all knew it going into it and they'll figure it out maybe going forward. But yeah. What'd you think of the, the setup that they had for the college football playoff committee?


I didn't see, I didn't see a buffet. Yep. I didn't see wings. I didn't see any wings. I nobody was drinking beer. Yep. A lot of jeans. Lot of jeans. They don't represent the true football fan out there. Was it, was it Ward Manuel who was drinking Perrier? Yep. Water. Yep. Michigan. Disgusting. Disgusting, Disgusting. Also shout out Kirk KB street's son for committing to Michigan. Yes. Very cool. Very, very cool. You say that. I, sorry. Shout Out Kyle Long. Why? He did. He did a fucking a man tonight. Oh He did? Oh no. What'd he tweet? Fucking a man. Oh, Did he, did he delete it? He edited it. Yeah. Lemme look this up. He just, obviously I got tagged a bunch, but, Oh, that's so funny.


He Tweeted Fucking a man. The Chiefs can't catch a break. Holy shit. Thank God there's an edit button. Oh Yeah. But that's different from just fucking a man because when you tweeted tweet, you literally tweeted No, no, no, no. The original tweet was fucking a man. He tweeted the exact same tweet. Oh He did? Oh. And then he edited it. Fucking a man. What's the original tweet? Oh, that's so funny. Last edited 10 0 6. Lemme look up the revision history here. Yeah, but he capitalized a, I think when you did it, it was just fucking a man. Yeah. Alright. Fucking grammar. Police Pug. You carry on mace? No, that's misinformation from Max.


I have a pepper spray emergency only for emergencies. But you carry it Only in situations where I need to carry it. Like Do you have it here? Maybe. Yeah. Well that's 'cause he has to work with memes. Yeah, That's True. No, it's just, we even in, in the, the New York office too. Some late nights, you know, walking home late. Yep. Getting in, you know, train station. So You got a whistle? No, You gotta get a whistle. Somebody was carrying a mic stand around the office and you thought it was a gun. Oh my God. I didn't know you were a Karen. I didn't know you were Karen. Sorry. A Tripod. Do you have a, a medic alert bracelet? No.


Should I get one? Yeah. Where Does your fall? Sounds like you should get one. Okay. Anything you wanna say? Beams about Numbers are, are we, are we past you? Almost quitting on Friday. We're past that. Okay. I, I still work here. I'm employed. Okay, good. That was a tense moment. I still work here. Yeah, I still work here. Yeah. And you still got, we, we, we, we did the numbers. You still have so many days before. We can say that you're the worst of all time, but I got it. No you didn't. No you didn't. PFT. Got it. Okay. Numbers is memes Picking his own? Yeah, we agreed on that last Time for forever. Okay. Three 11. I'll Go two.


A PFD. Have you ever got those on your own? 17. I'll go 77. 94. 17? Nope. 2145. 81. Oh, I Thought that was 2181. Love you guys.