
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have two great interviews for the people. We have Daniel Jeremiah, it is draft week. We always have DJ on. We're gonna have Mcha on later this week, breaking down the draft. Who he thinks is gonna go in the top 10, some late picks, that could be good. Overall thoughts on the draft? A crazy, crazy take that now. I'm actually coming around on, on Travis Hunter. Yeah. So yeah, act. Yeah. Shocking one. So really good stuff there.


And then we also have Minnesota Timberwolves head coach, Chris Finch. We taped it on Friday, so we knew there was gonna be a game one in between. We told him, Hey coach, try to win game one. So this is not awkward. And guess what? He went out and won game one for us. We're gonna talk about the playoffs. We've got him. We finally kicked off all the Playoffs in the NBA and the NHL we're gonna do, who's back the week Lottery ball. And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA Playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays if you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through to the finals. Now's the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30 points, 40 or more? It's your call Ready to place your first bet. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Lock in your bets and let's make the playoff on unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5. Get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resorting, Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. Hey football guy. Yeah, Pardon My Take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Make it a playoff run to remember what DraftKings download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, April 21st and it is playoff season.


PFT. It's playoff season. The caps didn't have a game, which was bullshit. Yeah, that's tonight. Very excited to watch the caps in the playoffs. Yeah, nothing like having a team in playoff hockey. It's, it's a lot of fun to look forward to. And then every single second that you watch it, if you don't have at least a two goal lead, you're just shitting yourself. Yeah, I'm, I'm pumped to see maybe wi five versus Willie chucking some nuts. Yeah, that's, that should be a good matchup. I was pissed though for you because the first, I don't know why the NHL did it this, this way this year. Maybe it was last year too. But I always love the first weekend of playoffs because it's like, alright we got eight hockey games on Saturday or eight hockey and basketball games Saturday. Yep. Eight hockey basketball games. Sunday it's gonna be wall to wall.


It felt great to have just, you know, noon comes around on Saturday. Yeah. I'm gonna watch some playoff basketball. This truly is sports season. Yeah, this is sports season. Like NFL season is football season 'cause it's got NFL college football. It's great. Your weekends are pretty booked, but this is just sports. It's Sports everywhere. My Favorite week of the year. Meaningful sports all the time. It is your favorite week of the year. We also have WrestleMania going on right now that we're gonna comment on at the end. We have it live in the studio. So we're watching Cody Rhodes versus John Cena. I know that a lot of people come to this podcast for our wrestling takes. Yep. Well, I mean, I'm gonna comment on it if Cody Rhodes wins. Yeah. And if he doesn't it was Rigged. Yeah. Some, I can't see the person. Screw that. Beat him. Scripted.


Where's this one? It's in Vegas. Okay. The Vegas screw job. Yeah. Max, can we make sure the TV's set up? Because I'm sure at some point we're gonna need a clip from you or something. And maybe also we're gonna have to, to sim the lottery. We're we're gonna need to send the draft. We're Gonna, we're have to sim the draft at some Point. Yeah, no, I, I'm, I'm pumped to watch the cap playoffs. I I do think that this might be our year. Yeah. And the issue is we don't really have a goaltender. We've got two goal tenders and neither one, you have to pick which one is gonna get hot at the right time. Have you thought about playing them both at the same time? Well, I, I think that we should employ, if we get a one goal lead to employ the the pile. Yeah. The stack where you just, you lay on top of everybody else in, in the crease. Memes Is coming in.


Memes has a memes two looks are either Luca Doic or I'm going to break and enter your home. This is wet bandit memes. Yeah. He really like, I don't know what what's, what's with, what are you trying to look like? Someone who's gonna come rob us? He's got the one pant leg up. Yeah. He's got drugs on him. That Could be a gang thing. It could be Are you wearing a Bulls jersey? Are you part of MS 13? No. Mad have a, Okay. Alright, let's talk some playoffs. Let's talk some ball. Let's just go through it chronologically because we had eight NBA games, five hockey games, six hockey games. I can't remember how many hockey games we had, but let's start with, we had the Pacers and Bucks first tip off on Saturday.


I had a take that I wanted to just rip off right away. I think that you shouldn't wear your alternate jerseys. Especially like, I think those are the city version for the Pacers in the playoffs. Because someday you will look back and if like the Pacers go to the NBA finals and they have a historic run in 20 years from now, you'll be like, man, I wish they were wearing the old school like pin stripes or looking like the Pacers not whatever the hell they looked like on Saturday with the paint splatter too at the baseline. Yeah. It was weird if, if Reggie Miller had been wearing those, when he scored all those points against the Knicks, nobody would even think it was that impressive. Yeah. Be like it was is an exhibition game. Yeah. That is perfect for the playing tournament. Yeah, Exactly. The play Tournament.


Wear it for that. Maybe wear it for the in-season tournament too. Yeah. The NBA cup. I don't, not a not a playoff uniform. I agree. I don't wanna overreact to game ones. I think the bucks are in a lot of trouble. I think the Pacers are really good and I'm gonna throw out game's coming back though. Yeah. Dam's coming back. He got in a little, he actually was wearing a great sweater. He got into a, a jawing match with Tyrese Halliburton towards the end of the game. Pascal Saka needs more respect. Okay. He's so good. All right. I'll Respect. And he's also like consistently so good. He's been good. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Like he's consistently so good. But he's, he's not flashy. He's not, he's not flashy. He's kind of a little bit of a throwback and he's also not a number. He's not pretty, he's not a number one.


He doesn't have a pretty game. Right. But he's so good. Yeah. And he's so efficient. He's effective. And I feel like the reason why the the, the Bucks could be in a lot of trouble is Giannis still got all his stats. Halliburton was not good shooting and they still blew him out and it was never really close. And Halliburton obviously does more than shooting 'cause he had a bunch of assists and he can control the games in other ways. But I think that's probably a bad sign for the Bucks going forward. I gotta put my hand up and say I don't, I don't, at least during the regular season, pay that much attention to what Tyrese Halliburton has going on. But every time he does pop up it's because somebody's clowning him. Yeah. Well does he, Does he lead the league in getting clowned in terms of like the upper Echelon players?


He, I think he is one of those guys that maybe gets picked on a little bit. He also, he likes to talk shit when he's up and he doesn't Really play defense. Yeah. And he, but he's, I mean he is a very, very good player. And like I said, he, he didn't shoot well he's not a bad shooter. He is not known for like, being an incredible shooter. But once he, like the, if you win a game by 20 plus and, or I think it was 19 and Tyrese, Halliburton shoots three for 13. It feels like the Pacers might have more to go up. I know Dame's coming back. Yeah. I just, this Bucks team kind of bums me out. 'cause Giannis is so good. And did you guys see Kyle Kuzma? He dropped 22 minutes, 0.0 rebounds, zero cysts, two fouls.


That is so hard to do in a playoff game in a regular season game. I could see it happening in a playoff game that is really, really hard to not have a single sta statistic. Like a rebound bounce your way. A you happen to pass to someone and they score. Especially a guy like Uzma. Did you see who has no problem just chucking it. Dang. Did you see there was a, there was a meme going around, I guess it was from a Laker fan account. They had a, a draft grade after the Tatu draft. Oh yeah. Yes, Yes. And it had like player Raven. No, this was on ES, ESPN I think. Oh it was? Yes. This was on ESPN And it was like upside and like everything, everything was either Kyle Kuzma tied with Tatum or Kyle Kuzma beating Tatum.


Yeah, That's, It was crazy. Think about it. I'm gonna, I'm gonna try to find it right now, but yeah, 22 minutes, 0.0 rebound zero sis. That's really hard to do. I might, I could do it. I might be able to get an assist. Yeah. I mean I would probably have more than two fouls. I would just pass the ball to Giannis. Right. It's pretty, it's pretty simple. Pass the ball to Giannis when he is got a full head of steam. Yeah. Just throw the ball up in there. Let Giannis catch in the paint. Wasn't It, it wasn't as soon as Lakers Insider 16, But it was But this gets, this gets this gets this goes around all the time. Well let's, let's Talk About it. It was shooting. Alright, so shooting Kuzma was better than Tatum. Okay. Passing. They were the same defense.


Uzman was better potential Kuzma was better Potential. Yeah. I like that. When you, when you think about it, Jason Tatum is the Jalen Hurts of Kyle Kuzma Y Wait, break that down for me. That hurt my brain. Jason Tatum. Yeah. Is the Jalen hurts? Jalen Hurts of Kyle Kuzma. I don't get it. Don't call just a little bit more put together. Jalen hurts. Okay. I think I get it. He's Like a cleaned up. Well no, he's way more than a cleaned up Kyle Coville. Yeah. Cleaned up. Jalen Hurts. Jalen Hurts. Plays way better in championships. Oh, that's a good Point. Both of them. Yeah, that's a good point. Max.


Jason Tatum had great Stats in the team. Did he beat Patrick Mahomes finals last year? It's, it's Crazy that people, he didn't beat beat Patrick Mahomes. He did not beat Patrick Mahomes. He did not. So I don't think, I don't think he could Just like, just like Shhe doesn't have a Heisman until Jason Tatum beats Patrick Mahomes. Can you actually say he's good? Did you see Shhe, what he was doing this weekend? He Had a baby, right? Oh, I, not that the more impressive thing I thought, oh, he filled up cups of water for all his teammates. Oh, I did see that. He went over to the water cooler. He poured that couple days ago. Yeah. He poured like eight cups of water. Great dude. And took him to all his teammates. None for him. Great dude. Great guy. Great dude. Yeah. I I feel like the bucks are just kind of a bummer now. 'cause I, I, I like Giannis.


I've never not liked Giannis and it's just, I he doesn't really seem to have much help at all. We'll see what happens when Dame gets back. But it does feel like this is, it's the last gasp of the Dame experiment. Yeah. And, and maybe honest in in Milwaukee. Yeah. Probably. Probably. He might, he might ask out. I don't know. I don't want him to, I I also do feel bad. I don't, I don't like the bucks, but I, I feel bad for Bucks fans having to deal with the, the minute Giannis got good, it's literally the, the prevailing conversation has been when is he gonna ask out? Yeah. He wants to, which is bullshit. He wants to play in Miami. Right, right. Yeah. Let let Milwaukee enjoy Giannis.


Yeah. Alright. My favorite game, I think of the weekend, you guys would agree nuggets, clippers. There has never been a more Russell Westbrook game. It was the most Russell Westbrook game Possible. The end of that game. The play that Russell Westbrook made was which one? Absolutely. At The very, All of 'em with like 10 seconds left. I mean Yeah. But he, all of 'em leading up to it. It was insane. It was, he was actually playing like an insane person. He almost gave away the game. Then the announcer was like, yeah, you know, I gotta take the good with the bad with Westbrook. They didn't spend enough time talking about how insane he went on the court. He, so there was a perfect tweet from Kofi who, I think he's a a is he NBA guy or a streamer?


He's, he's very talented. But he, he had the perfect tweet. He said Russell Westbrook truly is the item box for Mario Kart. Yeah. And it's so perfect because this Russell, the best way I could describe it, if you missed this game, if you watched the last three minutes of Russell Westbrook, Russell Westbrook haters and lovers could both say I told you so. It's like they literally could, they could literally just point at each other and be like, told you. So this is, this is what Russell Westbrook did to, to end the game. This is like three minutes left. This is a back and forth game. He went office offensive, rebound in a putback, then he missed a layup where he was forcing it on a fast break. Then he made a layup, then he bricked an open three, then he made a three with 24 seconds left to take a two point lead.


And then he had the last shot and he didn't get a shot off. Yeah. It was literally back and forth. Awesome. Play, bad play, awesome play, bad play. And also Russell Westbrook. I, I, I know that he frustrates people. I love watching Russell Westbrook because he basically is the, if you ever ask like, what if someone tried just the absolute hardest and like what would happen? That's Russell Westbrook because he's like his offensive rebound. He got, he was getting offensive rebounds. He was out hustling the entire team. But then he was also trying so hard to make plays that weren't there. And then he would actually make a play that was there. And it was just so much Fun. What I truly admire about Russell Westbrook is that he has never lost confidence in himself.


No. And he's been given every opportunity to lose confidence in himself to just say, fuck this. I quit. It's not gonna work out for me. People are changing my name to West Brick. Yeah. And he still thinks at any given time he can, he can go nuclear on any given occasion. Like the, the play at, at the end where he got the ball, I think think there were like 10, 13 seconds left. All he had to do was just pass the ball out or dribble the ball back out. Yoki passed it to him. It was like maybe Yeah, like seven seconds left. He could have just passed it back to Yoki. Yeah. Or just dribbled away from the basket. Correct. Killed some clock. And he was like, you know what, I'm gonna jump over three guys and dunk it. Oh Wait, you're talking about the end of overtime? Yeah. Oh. 'cause the end of, end of regulation when he just didn't get a shot off. Yeah. The, that was Crazy. He jumped up and threw it off the Corporate.


I I think that he actually meant to do that too. I think that in his head he was like, well he Got caught jumping off. Yeah. I I think there's a chance that Russell Westbrook thought, you know what the best pump fake is when you actually leave your feet. Yeah. And then you throw it off the guy's back Then you get it and shoot it immediately. Yes. Yes. There's A chance that he thought he could pull that off, but in overtime. Yes. That's too, when he got the ball and all he had to do was just dribble like five feet backwards, maybe make a pass back to the three point line and the game was gonna be over. And he was like, I'm gonna dunk on everyone right now and I'm gonna show them. And then he did not dunk on any one. No. And it was, yes, but it, he's so entertaining to watch. He was just, it was pure Russell Westbrook and yo orchestra was great. James Harden was great. I don't know why Kawhi felt like he was like, he had that he, I think in the second quarter he scored like 12 points in a few minutes and then I feel like he just kind of disappeared for a little bit.


This series is gonna rock though. Yeah. It's gonna be great. The max just pulled up. Russell Westbrook now has the most clutch shots made by a point guard in NBA history. He definitely has the most missed clutch shots too. That's why like, think about it. What other, what other athlete right now can both lovers and haters say, I told you so and you can say you're both right. You're both 100% right. That's it. Yeah. He, he really is so perfect. 'cause whatever side you pick, you're gonna be right. You just gotta wait a couple seconds. I love watching him play and I'm so glad that I don't have to root for him on my team. Yeah. I mean he made that three to go up Two anymore.


Yeah. Yeah. But He made that three to go up two and, and it was like, this is the Russell we like, he's the hero and then he doesn't get a shot off at the end of regulation. They should, they should pass him around. I mean, Jamis Winston might, he also shouldn't be be in that same conversation Is definitely in that conversation. Every team should have the, every fan base should have the, it's not even like the privilege of rooting for Russell Westbrook. It's just taking him away from the last team that had to root for him. I, I think it's a lot more fun to watch Russell Westbrook if you do not have Yes. If you're not rooting for him on your team or even rooting against him. Yeah. But bad news for the rest of the NBA is Kauai looks back. Yeah. You know, he, but he fully Back. I feel like he, he could have asserted himself a little bit more.


I mean this, they, they kind of, the Clippers should have won this game. They absolutely should have won this game. But I think this series gonna go long. It Is fun to watch Kauai when you know that he cares and that he's trying so hard. Oh yeah. He is a great dominant player. Yes. He had 22 points. I, I feel like I might be wrong, but I feel like he had 12 of 'em in the second quarter. And I don't know. I mean, James Harden thi this was almost a, a heroic James Harden game and it it is a game one. Yeah. I was Gonna say Can't See real good. That was game one, not game six. Yeah. It was game one and Yoko is still the best. Did you guys see that video of Yoko with the little kid? Yeah. That, that, that made me cry.


Yeah. Ben Simmons on the Clippers is so funny because he's just a nothing. He got a couple rebounds. Well He is out there in part to like try to frustrate Yoic if he can. Yeah. Just like push this guy. But that video with the kid in Yoic was absolutely horrible. The kid giving the money straight to his mom. His mom saying, remember yo Gave him money. What? No, it was like, it was Like a shoe deal or something like that. It's like a shoe deal. The guy gave the kid money. He was like my, it was like a little chubby kid with, with re specs. He's like, my favorite player is Yoic. I've always wanted to meet him. Guy gives him new Yoic shoes, gives him money, he gives it right to his mom. His mom's like, we're gonna, I'm going spend this on you and what do I always tell you?


And he's like, be kind to everyone. And I just started fucking getting a little, little teary-eyed. Then he went to a game and he was like, and Yoic was like, you kinda look like me. Which was very funny. And asked Yoic for a hug and Yoic like, yo Kish looked happier than he did with the kid than he did when he won the title. Yeah. It was awesome. Can you find the kid? Can you find it Max so he could see it and get a little teary eyed. I'll, I'll find it. That kid is so I Tweeted It out. He's so pure, so cool. I hope that kid never logs onto the internet. Yeah. Yeah. And, and fuck anyone who was like, oh this was staged. Come on guys, we gotta we gotta be able to, to believe in something. Did WrestleMania end without us realizing it?


Who won? Zena? Oh nevermind. God Dammit. Yogi and Van Gundy fighting for the ball is very funny Too. Oh my God. I mean, van Gundy being, van being gun jacked. Van Gundy being whatever it is, 30 years later and he's still, I mean 'cause obviously everyone was tweeting out him on Alonzo Morning's leg. Yeah. 30 years later he is still fighting. Yeah. He, he held onto that ball. That was one of my favorite highlights of all time is when he just grabbed onto Zoe's leg and was like, stop, stop fighting. And Zoe was just walking around like nothing was attached to him. Yeah. Like it was a pair of heavy shoes. Yeah. But yeah. Yoic Yoic and JVG just going at it, trying to, I feel like the Nuggets or the Clippers, you had a couple people helping them.


I feel like Yoic gets into these like once a Playoffs. I mean it was the best one. He got into it with the Sun's owner. Yeah. Ish. And the sun. Yeah. Ish. Bia flopped. Yeah, RIA did flop. It was, it was like, it was maybe on Thursday max. It's okay. Hank will find it. Hank will probably think it's fake. Hank will probably think it's rigged and it and it is not real. And he'll, he'll have some, I mean, what you said about Lee Corso was disgusting. Seeing it in in Good riddance. Yeah. Good riddance. I mean the Risler goes to lots of games. I, what's The difference? Happy birthday to the Risler by the way. He is risen. He's Yeah, nine years old I think On Easter Saturday was maybe his birthday. Oh, you clearly don't keep up with Your Rizzley. I don't keep up, I don't have the Riz birthday in my calendar.


Okay. Get a knock on your door for that sort of Thing. Next day or next game. Nick's verse Pistons. This is, this was so, I know, and I'm not even gonna fight the fight because I understand it's a very small minority of like the NBA Playoffs suck. Why would you watch that? Listen, any Playoffs I'm watching, I just am. But having, going from Russell Westbrook to campaign was so entertaining because this was, this was basically the Piston's first try at the playoffs is this young core and they were really good for three quarters. And as soon as it got to crunch time, it was like, oh yeah, this is what a hardened team looks like.


And Campaign. And Jalen Brunson going for 17 consecutive points between the two of them. 21 Oh Run was so awesome. And Campaign Max, what do you, can you believe that just a year ago, like think about how many Knicks fans had to delete their tweets because Campaign was the Jalen Brunson agitator last year and now he and Jalen Brunson are teamed up, you know, being a Knicks legend on his first game as a Knicks legend on the, you know, in a playoff game. That's all you need from Campaign is just give you one of these games in a playoff. And for him to do it on his first, he's he's ahead of schedule. Yeah. Oh. So is he going off too fast?


You already burned the campaign game. You may have already burned, I don't know how many campaigns you, You had. She won a series. Yeah. Yeah. And his shot looks so bad. But it goes in and you Yeah. Max, this was a, a bizarro Sixers game because it was campaign going off and then Tobias Harris having 25 points for the Pistons. Yeah. No, Tobias Harris had his, had his best playoff game ever. Were you like, where'd that come from? It's, it's not easy to play in Philly. I guess. I don't, I don't know. Yeah, there was, so I read an article this morning on the Athletic written by Fred Katz. No, no relation. And he was talking about campaign and it was like when he got first got to the Knicks, Jalen Brunson literally went up to him and was like, I fucking hate you, but now you're my teammate.


And it was very awkward. And then he, he dropped an anecdote that is so campaign and just so funny. So the anecdote goes to this as a rookie campaign, didn't appreciate his overall rating in the video game. NBA 2K 16, A 72 grade ranked 242nd in the NBA. So Payne solved the problem himself. He created a new player named the new player. Cameron Payne moved all the sliders up to 99, the highest rating, and played a season that technically had two campaigns refusing to acknowledge the lesser avatar. And he said, I gotta give myself some love. I love that. It's great. I that, that is exactly what I would do if I was in a sports video game.


Slider. Check Max, max. All your stats out. That's the reason. Like I would absolutely get pissed off if I, I felt that 2K like gave me the short end of the stick on my speed. Yeah. Like I would go Balls the wall, be like, fuck this. I'm gonna make my own version myself. The one that I'm delusional enough to see the one that thinks that I'm better at baseball than Hank and I'll just max out my stats and play with myself. Yeah. Yeah. You love playing with yourself. I do. OG was awesome. He put c Cade Cunningham in a torture chamber and Chow Kat played some defense in the fourth. Pisses collapsed. They did. But the, the Knicks also kind of ramped up the pressure and I mean campaign, when campaign gets going, you can't stop him when campaign is he He said his mind went blank.


It was just all of a sudden. Yeah. It just, the game just completely flipped. It looks like, it looked like the Knicks were out of it. Yeah. Yeah. They were down eight with like nine minutes left then Campaign showed up. Are you worried about the campaign game round? No. No, No. Hank's not worried about anything. Lemme tell you something about Hank. He is cockier than ever right now. Hank has reached his peak level of, I don't give a fuck about any other team. Why should I? The, well we can get to the thunder in a little bit. I'm sure we will. Let's get to Thunder in a little bit. Yeah, we'll get to the thunder in a little bit. We had the, the, so, so we have Chris Finch, Minnesota Timberwolves head coach coming up interview, great interview. We taped it on Friday.


We gave him some tips for this series, which he might've actually taken Some of these. I think so. Yeah. Because the Timberwolves destroyed the Lakers Absolutely destroyed them. And really good interview. I, I enjoyed watching this game. Jaden McDaniels. I feel like he does this in the playoffs where he just goes up a level. He was awesome and like Anthony Ambers didn't even shoot well. He was, he did a good job breeding their defense. I don't know what the Lake Lakers don't have. I'm not gonna overreact. They don't have, you know what, I'm not gonna overreact. They don't have an answer for Nas Reed. You can have LeBron, you can have Luca, but you don't have Nas. Yeah. What was the, what was the fuck, what was the Jemele Hill tweet where like they figured something out the la like the Lakers figured something out in at the end of the game here.


Was that against the nuggets? Maybe Because that you could make the argument Bronny getting into this game. They figured out. Yeah. The Lakers might have figured Something out. They had no matchup. Anthony Edwards after the game, he was kind of talking shit about la Oh here, wait. Here it is. A win is a win. But if I'm Denver, I treat this like a loss. Lakers really figured something out. Putting Hashimo on Yoic, that's one of those somewhat small adjustments that can win a series. That was when the Lakers got swept. And I think after that was like just, no, I think it's four. One shit Pumping No, last year was four one. Oh, this was too, yo. Yeah. And also just saying the sentence Rui Hahira on Yoic, That'll shut him down. But did you see what, what Ant said after the game? No, he was like, playing in in front of the crowd in LA is fun.


It's not hard. Like in Denver, like he, I've played in some tough environments before. Like in Denver. That's hard. So I don't know LA are you good sports town? Are you just gonna take this Dude, the timber, the timber rolls are deep. They, they roll guys out there. They play with so much defensive intensity. They had them like Luca and we're gonna talk, we actually said this to Chris Finch, like what do you do when you know Luca's gonna go for 30 plus every game? And he is like, you know, we just gotta make sure it's not efficient. He had 37. They just don't have anyone besides like, once it's Luca and, and LeBron, like their role players have to step up and I don't know. I'm not gonna overreact though. 'cause I did see a stat. I'll throw the stat out there.


I'm not gonna overreact. So this is fifth. This is LeBron James 55th playoff series and he's 31 and 24 in game ones. Which obviously you're like, oh that's, yeah, that's good. He's over 500. It's still LeBron James been on some really good teams. He's lost 24 game ones, but he's 41 and 13 in, in series overall. So Yeah. So what what he has done in the past is like he uses the first game to like probe the defense. Yes. Figure out what he wants to do and then he turns it on game two. That happens a lot. I'm not gonna overreact. Don't Overreact. I am going to agree to disagree. Okay. With Jay Billis. Oh yeah. Calling this game, which was such a bummer.


Turning it on and hearing him. I Didn't know that Jay Billis was gonna do NBA games. That's something that there should be like a a TV rating that pops up. Yeah. Like just Billis face at the top left hand court on the screen before the game starts letting all the kids know at home you're gonna Yeah. Just with a warning. You know, it's like warning the jackass warning. Yeah. It should just be a, a warning. Jay Billis is calling this game. You're gonna get a stern talking to Yes. Do not attempt this at home. And Jay Billis when, when LeBron started complaining about a missed call and then Jay Billis goes, now LeBron's really getting into it with the referee this interest. 'cause LeBron's not much of a complainer. Agree to disagree Jay. Yeah, You're being disingenuous Jay. That was disingenuous. That was that disingenuous Of him.


Either that, Jay, you got two options. One, you were being disingenuous. Two, you've never ever watched LeBron James play basketball. Which one isn't? Yeah, because it has to be one or the other. I hope it's not the set 'cause you're calling his games. I would think that ESPN would make sure that you've seen LeBron James play basketball. So it sounds like Ipso facto you were being disingenuous. Yes he was. I don't appreciate being lied to as a viewer. I'd agree. I a hundred percent agree. Will the timber roll shoot 50% from three every game? Probably not. Nope. Probably not. That would be your takeaway if you're a Lakers fan. Yep. That's probably not gonna happen again. But on the other side, I always like to early, early playoffs, I like to look for Team of Destiny stuff.


You know, getting, getting, you know, watching all these games, figuring out, you know, what the fan base feels like. Here's something I love from the Timberwolves fan base. There's a guy on Twitter called Ball of the Wild. Yep. Who I think is the Timberwolves. Maybe he's like runs the Reddit. The Timberwolves Reddit. He does an edit after every win. That's Warren Zevon werewolves from London and it's awesome. Werewolves of London. Yeah. Yeah. And he's, and it's, it's just him saying a woo for like 40 seconds while it's like Anthony Edwards popping up and like all this stuff. I can you find it. It's he's Ball of the Wild. I don't know if we can play it. You could play it without the sound and I'll just, I'll just do the a woo.


I love that for U pft so you can see it. I mean Warren Zevon is like my favorite artist. Yeah. Right. Here it is. Ready. Watch. See that edit. Woo. Does he add in like different lyrics? No, it's, or woo. I would see a Woo the whole time. Ooh, that's a woo going the whole time. And it's just got cool timber wolf stuff guys dancing and everything. Love That. And it just says zero day. Yeah. So when they've won a game, it's zero days since Last of Woo. I Love that so much. Yeah. So that's pretty cool. That is cool. Again, shout out To that Guy. Will they shoot 50%? Probably not. Will they get another Nas Reed? Nas Reed game maybe. Yes. Yeah. I love watching him play.


He's one of my favorite players for some reason. You know, you watch, you watch enough sports and you just develop fixations on guys and you're like, I just like that guy for some reason. Yeah. Nas Reed is that guy for me. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not gonna overreact because I think the Lakers will still be in the series. 'cause they have Luca and they have LeBron James. But Nico Harrison was happy watching this. He definitely was. He said defense wins championships. That was so funny. On Friday night, He should not be allowed to take a victory lap. Who? I'm, I'm banning Nico from taking victory lap. Oh yeah. No he can't. He knows he can't. But the, the, the camera work Got shout out Jake Barr. Shout out the guys in the truck. The camera work to zoom in on Nico Harrison when Anthony Davis was limping to the bench was so perfect.


And Nico Harrison having the court vision to realize the camera was on him and giving a side eye to it. Mm. What A moment. It was good. Good television. That was a beautiful, beautiful moment. Great television. Nico Harrison, you're, he's, you know what, he's off the hook or he, he's been let off the hook by the Mavs not making it. We just need to bring him up once a week. Just put a reminder that he's a shithead and an idiot And we will do that for Mavs fans. I agree. Just once a week throughout the entire playoffs. Be like, Hey, remember Nico Harrison? What a fucking more on that guy is. Yeah. The side eye. So good. Alright. You wanna talk about the thunder Hank? Sure. You look pretty damn good. Hank does not respect the thunder. Not gonna Overreact. Right. That's the Theme of this segment is that what we do on this show, we don't overreact.


We Don't overreact. Correct The thunder. So we're Not gonna overreact to, to Wins or loss. Okay. I'll just say a couple facts. Fact number one, this was the biggest beat down in the history of game ones. Mm. Did you like my new Mike Greenberg new rule? We also, What's your new rule? Rule? If you win a game one by 50 points, a series should be over. Okay. 'cause when this game was such a blowout, it was like 30 points in half. How much more exciting would it be in the second half if the Grizzlies were literally fighting to keep the series alive And the, and the and the thunder were like, no, we're gonna finish this series in one game. I feel Like a lot of teams would try to win by 50 points in the It Would be awesome.


Yeah. To to just That's it's only game one. It's gotta be exactly 50 or more or 50 or more. If you win the game one by 50 series over, we've seen enough. I like that. Yeah. Just be done with it and just have that be like something in the back of your head. Every game one, and the Way they they did this was they won by more than 50 points and they had their starters out. Like they, they took their foot off the gas big time. If you told me before the game that Marvin Bagley would go eight for eight from the field and score 17 points and SGA would go four for 13 from the field and score 15 points. I'd be like, probably Thunder still won. 'cause they're just better.


But man, that was a close Game. Yeah. They didn't even get A-A-S-G-A game. He Was four for 13 and they won by 50 and it was never, it it wasn't close. I mean the first quarter was a little No the fir no the first five minutes maybe was close after that. It was just an absolute beat down. And guess what? The Thunder have played the grizzlies four times this year. They've beaten 'em like the not 50 points, but they've beaten them soundly every time this series I will overreact overdone. See ya, See ya. Next one. Yeah. This series. I agree with that. 51 points. Game one. Jah said that there's only one way to go and that's up. It won't get worse is what John Morant said. Oh, it Could get worse. I think it could get worse because it could get worse.


They, they, they again took their foot off the gas for much of the second half after that first run. It was over. There was a moment in the game where a good friend friend of the program, Alex Caruso had zero points and I think his plus minus was 27. Yeah. How many points did he end up with? Because it, he didn't score much if at All. Yeah. Can you scroll down? Wolf Caruso is that line. It was just such an ass kicking. Yeah. He had zero points. Zero points. Yeah. He finished with zero points plus 30. That's awesome. Desmond Bain With a minus 51. That's an insane plus minus. So That is insane. Would you like another stat? Yeah, because we're not gonna overreact. We're just gonna talk stats. If you're asking me if I want it, I don't You don't want a stat.


I'm sure you're gonna say it. You don't Want talk ball with the boys. We're not gonna Overreact too. Okay. I'll just ask you, let's, we will change the subject. Okay. Maybe you can give a stat. What was the Celtics record against the Thunder this year? Oh and two. That's a Set. It's a good set. Yeah. Good set. But you're not worried at all. In fact you're, you're some would argue that you're slightly disrespectful of the thunder. No, it's not that PFTI just, I know the playoffs, like there's, there's a lot of basketball to be played there in a separate conference. I think once we get to the Western conference finals, then I'll, you know, tune in on the two teams. And depending on how they're playing in the Western conference finals, I'll determine whether or not I'm worried. Okay. First round game, one lot of basketball to be played. Lot of good teams in the West.


We'll see what, see What happens. So Chet Holmgren said at the end of the day, we can't control what people say, what narratives y'all come up with. That's y'all's job. So that's, that's your job Hank Chet said it's your job to come up with a narrative That's y'all's job will come up with a narrative like you did last year with the Timberwolves and the nuggets who didn't even end up making it to the final. That's true. That's a good point. We were wrong. Hey, guess what? Hands hand out. We were wrong. The thunder when we were wrong. They have to make it there first. But you were, you were worried about the nuggets last year. You too Have To make it there first. Good point Max. Yeah, That's true. And that's what I'm focused on. I'm worrying about other teams I'm worried about That's not true. Worried about my team. The Boston Celtics, that's not what you're focused on. Yes It is. Do you know what we're focused on? The next game, The lottery.


Pull it up. Yeah. One point Bulls went up to 1.7%. That's Huge. Yeah, it doubled it. Yeah because the heat got in. Alright, SIM it Sim that shit Brooklyn Boo bullshit. We'll do it till one of the three gets it. Philly. Philly. Shit. Philly's winning this too much. I know. I don't like it with the 10%. No There's no way they Let Philly win. I just hope they, they, they let us keep our pick. The NBA should step in and be like, you guys made a mockery of the load management this year. A mockery. He spitting Adam Silver's face injuries Or injuries. I don't know what you want me to say. Should we, so I've made you guys aware of this as a journalist. I was doing some work on Friday night.


Really awesome life. I have super exciting. There's a guy who has season tickets to the Thunder who sits front row who I think has actually been to every Thunder game since their existence. Who refuses to Wear The Shirt. So this guy Juan Gura, I actually reached out to him trying to get him on the show. He's gotten si radio silent on me. I think I might've tweeted too much about how he needs to Wear The Shirt. He realized it was not gonna be a friendly interview. It was probably not gonna be, it was gonna be a contentious interview. 'cause I also had Thunder fans being like, don't give this guy any shine. I was like, dude, we're gonna have him on. Listen, there's one thing about this show. We would never have the back of a guy who just sits front row at sporting events trying to stick out so people will notice him on the camera.


Absolutely not. We would never have that guy's back. But, so we can do good cop bad cop. Yeah. I we could just, I I still want him on. Yeah. We could make a, make a personal clip for me out of this and I will send it to this guy. I think he has the right to wear whatever he wants. He pays for the tickets court side, right? Yeah. Yeah. So he pays just like anybody else to get in. And he's not a fucking conformist. He thinks for himself. He's a good guy. We need more of that in today's society. We should all be free to wear whatever we want to wear and sit court side. And he's still a fan of the team. Let you gotta Wear The Shirt. Let this No, no, no Big Cat. You gotta Wear The Shirt. He should wear whatever he wants. That's what we, our founding fathers fought for. If every, if everyone in American 70, 76 was like, yeah, we'll just put on the red coats.


You know what, we'd all be speaking British right now. He, we'd be, we'd be talking English instead of American. You gotta Wear The Shirt football. You gotta Wear The Shirt. D So this, I was made aware of this by our good friend Ryan Marillo on Friday night. This was the tweet that he sent out. Yeah, that's the guy. He doesn't Wear The Shirt. He doesn't Wear The Shirt. Look at that. He's just wearing a different shirt trying to stick out. And that's his friend. He takes the game who at least wears the right color, but he doesn't Wear The Shirt either. Juan Guerro wrote on Friday night, I think he might've deleted this. I'm gonna say this in the most respectful way possible, mentioned to another grown man, what he should be wearing at any point in his life will get you immediately blocked.


Yeah. That means even a thunder playoff shirt. You may as well just block me first. Illa then got blocked within like five minutes and I was like, I'm gonna try to get this guy on. But yeah, I, I did, I did reach out to him as a Big J journalist and he, he initially agreed and since then he's, he has not responded. So yeah, I think I, I'm a big, you gotta Wear The Shirt Guy. I'm gonna take this guy's side just because it's working so far. I'll tell you what, the thunder are gonna lose a playoff game at home in this run. And it's because this guy's not wearing the Shirt. They might not though. They're That good. That's, that's why they're that good. It's gonna be, it's gonna be, you got like, you look out, there's this intimidating crowd.


Everyone's wearing the shirt and that guy's not wearing the shirt. There's a reason why they might Be the first team to ever go undefeated in the playoffs. Not with this guy not wearing a shirt. There's a reason why they were the first team that was put on Wendy's cities when he was buying the hotel rooms. Very, the Oklahoma City Thunder were number one A on winder's list. Was That true? I think that was the first one they said to us. Okay. He might've, I don't know if he put Boston on first. I mean, they had, they had a historic regular season. They did. They were very, very good. But this guy's shirt him trying to be different. We're not gonna Lose a game at home. Hank they are No PFT.


Well he thinks that this guy's shirt doesn't matter. And I do. There's the difference. Do you know that they let you exchange a shirt if they give you the wrong size? No, That's how good they are with the shirts in Oklahoma City. Any other place? That always bothers me. What? When you're just like, you're like, oh, it's a cool shirt. Oh it's a Small, they have, they have a kiosk that you can go and you'd be like, you gave me a small, I need an Excel. Boom. There you go. There's the shirt. Any other city I'd be like, listen, some people Wear The Shirt, some people don't Wear The Shirt. Oklahoma City does one thing. They Wear The Shirt. What is their shirt budget per game? It's gotta be insane. It's gotta be tens of thousands dollars. It's gotta be fucking insane. And then Some, some poor person's job is to just put those shirts on every single seat.


You know what? Not some poor person. I bet you that guy or girl is essentially royalty in Oklahoma City. She's got those shirts you walk in, you, I guarantee you there's, there's some kid in, in middle school right now in Oklahoma City listening to this podcast. Shout out this kid. And he's like, yeah, my mom is friends with a guy who puts out the shirt. Do you think that the guy that doesn't Wear The Shirt, does he get on his, well first of all, do they even in between quarters have like the t-shirt cannon to fire out more shirts? They probably do. Or somebody that throws out an extra shirt. Yeah. And if so, does this guy stand up and try to catch the shirts? No he doesn't. He refuses to Wear The Shirt. I know, but does he try to take away shirts that he's not gonna wear?


He might. That, that I would have a problem with. I just, you gotta put on the shirt. It's crazy. Hank, this is your I'm a PFT. You don't think you should Wear The Shirt? Why conform? Do what he wants to do because, So Oklahoma City dude, It's a free country. They, They, they are known for their shirts you gotta put on the shirt. Where has it gotten them? I mean the best Well, no, no. Where's It gotten play in the playoffs? Where's it gotten him? He's gone to every single game. He paid for those tickets. But I'm saying what you said, where's it gotten him? You don't know how high the Oklahoma City Thunder can go if he puts on the shirt. They literally have never won anything with him. Might Be the missing piece. Be A real shame if this guy's, He's he's peacocking out there and what if he puts on the shirt and they win it all?


I don't think he should put it on the shirt. Well Hank, Hank is just, you were, you were going line by line. You were like to a man. The thunder don't have a single guy that's better than anyone on the Boston Celtics. Nope. That's that. Literally what what he said Max biggest Max Is that not what he said? Said he said Let's go guy for guy. I did not say that. Not even close. You went guy for Guy Hank. He Said let's go guy for Guy Hank. Yes, Hank did. I didn't, but I did not say the words the the thunder don't have a single person. But I just said let's go guy for Guy. I was just trying to All right you guys. Max was like You said you said guy for guy. Everyone on the Celtics beats everyone on just said I say, said this team is healthy. There's no way they lose. Yes. That's a fact. And I said, you're not worried about the thunder and you said absolutely not.


Are you gonna go guy for Guy? We did go guy for Guy Guy. I would like to judge Guy For Guy. It was closer than you thought too. Yeah. Do you have Dave Portnoy and the guy who won't put on the shirt? No. Okay. Well you should put that in the guy for guy off. Alright, go. I'm not, I don't wanna do this again. You don't want to go guy for Guy. We want staff for Stat Guy for Guy. Just go guy for Guy. Okay. PFT. Would you like to start? Yeah, let's go Guy for Guy. I'll start with, I don't know, let's say Hartenstein against Al Horford. I'll take Al Horford. Way better playoff experience. Okay. Veteran player, big time player. Clutch. What, What are the stats? Who's got better stats Again now? Okay. Okay. Who Big Cat? Who, who, who wins? I mean I would take Hartenstein right now.


Right now Al Horford iss pretty old. Al Horford is a better player overall in his Career. Correct. Okay. By far. Okay. Okay. Chris St. And Chet. I would go Chris SAPs. Hmm? I would lean Chet Lou Dort, Peyton Pritchard, Lou Dordt, Dewhite. I'm or Jerry. I'm A George. I'm a dors chamber guy. So you know that the Answer to that. Listen, listen. I love, I love Lou dot. The Celtics have a great team. I'm not even saying that. I would doubt the Celtics. I'm just saying you should respect the thunder. I respect them. You always see the Thunder before you hear it. I respect the thunder. That's a good Point. You know, If the thunder won't get, don't get you, you the lightning will, If the thunder win the Western conference, I will start to think You are not respecting the thunder.


You're not thunder. The way this conversation, they're not into My Conference, but the way this conversation started was you were like, there's no way this Celtics team is losing if they are healthy. I I was like, you're not worried about anyone. That's a fact. You said no. And I was like, you're not worried about the thunder. And you said no, I'm not worried about anyone. So that is, that is zero respect. It's An easy way to get Killed. No, that's, that's that's incorrect. That's, You said there is no way that this Team loses you guys respect for the Celtics and the supreme confidence in my team. That doesn't mean I don't respect the thunder. I just believe in our guys. I think that Hank just hates the thunder. Thunder. You don't under, You hate the thunder because it's the only thing that can get you to stop playing golf. Sounds Like you're in the DotR chamber right now. No, the, it's the, it's round one of the Western conference finals.


There's a lot of good teams in the west. It's not just, and the thunder have not fucking this, this iteration of thunder haven't done it Jack shit. It is round one and it is game one. No team has done jack shit until they do Jack shit. True. Last year the Celtics did not do Jack Shit. Okay. What the thunder do last year, what, what? Watching the Celtics do, Jack Shit. But going until last year, the Celtics haven't done Jack Shit. They made it to the finals. Anything. What the fuck does that mean? It means you won the Eastern Conference. That's pretty fucking Is a lot easier to do than the Western conference. So you scared fiction. Okay. How the, how the Philadelphia 76ers done the after conference match fiction about Philadelphia. You asked About fact fiction. We're not talking about the Philadelphia. You're The fact, if the fucking Eastern conference is so easy, how, talking About the Philadelphia 76, The Sixers can't even make it to the finals of the Eastern Conference Finals.


We're not talking about the Philadelphia 'cause you said the Easter conference is so easy, max. Yes. I think we can all agree that this guy has to put on the shirt because the minute this argument happened was, 'cause we started talking about the shirt. That's where the, that's where the anger came out in this podcast. Listen, our, because this fucking guy won't put on a shirt. We're divided Enough as a nation right now. We can't have another debate like this. We can't. And Hank gets too, Does that feel good boys? Hank gets too wound up. Look at you emotional. Well, You did. You we're all trying to find the guy who wound him up. No, I'm not. Wound up. It's just like you guys, this happened. I was shocked. I was saying on this show, I was taking over and over and over and over again when it's like, you guys are your word. Are you word? Are you word? Are you word? Oh, they lost the regular, But, but you talking about the Celtics, like they're this five time dynasty.


They've won one finals. Which, when was that? Finals. Oh, the most recent one. Oh, correct. Defending Champions. But like, do you know how hard it is to repeat? Yeah, I do. So like this isn't, you're, you're looking at this like, it's a for foregone conclusion. Winning The NB final. Just confidence. I'm happy that we, it's called confidence. I'm happy we have Max, max has just entered the NBA playoffs. I did My Whole NBA Playoffs is anti Celtic. That is my NBA playoffs. Welcome To the NBA playoffs Max. I just care so much about Hank that I'm trying to warn him against the, the, the thunder, the dangers of hubris. Right Now, again, If they were in our conference, I would be like, you know, it'd be a different story. But like, You're flying too close to the sun. You've gotta respect your If play The thunder, it's not gonna be till June. Why would I be concerning myself?


Because they're gonna remember they this, that's y'all's job to do the narrative. That's what Chet Holmgren said. And y'alls have done quite a job. Why are you hitting him with the y'all's? Well, That's what Chet said, he said That's what, that's y'all's job. Y'all's Hank, You're getting hit with some y'all's Have, have put up quite the, quite the bulletin board material. I hope that they see this in Oklahoma City. Okay. Me too. I do too. Because I hope that everyone sees this and says Put the fucking shirt on, dude. Yeah. Fucking put it on. Put it on. You guys are now making a root against the thunder. You should want to root Against the thunder. Yes. Yeah, you should. They're good. I think they're really good. You Weren't previously rooting.


Who, who are you most afraid of in the West Clippers? He said Clippers One. Thunder two. Thunder two. I mean, personally just like, although not really. It's not really a statistical base, but LeBron. LeBron, yeah. Scare me. Yeah, that would scare me. You wanna talk about the Celtics game? Yeah. Celtics 1 0 3 magic 86. This is why the Celtics are really fucking good because their fourth option is Derrick White and he had 30 points. Derrick White was awesome to that. So Awesome. Yellow Lou dot Listen, you could say, you can, you could say anything you want about the thunder. If you fucking go after Lou dot, I will fight you.


Okay. I fucking love Lou Dort. The guy brings energy. He hits threes. Big threes Defense. Defense. He's got fat ass. He's Canadian. I understand Kendrick Perkins. I understand it's hard to, to repeat. I do believe truly from the bottom of my heart, and I'm probably gonna say this statement over and over and over again, when this debate keeps coming up every show and it's like, are you worried about this team? Because they won one game. What? Do Celtics maybe lose one game? Are you worried? Answer's going to be No. This team is better than the team last year that won the championship. And if they stay healthy, they will repeat. That is my wholehearted Belief for Ingas does look fully healthy.


Yeah. He's making great blaze on defense. And Derrick White's defense is obviously incredible. Did you I he is hitting three Is what, what'd he shoot from three today? 'cause it feel like he made every Single one of Like four out of his first six or something when he was shooting like that. And then they put Pritchard in the game and Pritchard just goes out there and starts toying with the defense. It, listen, the magic's team defense is very good and I feel like they can be competitive, but at times it did feel like the Celtics were like fucking with them A little bit. The magic just have, they have two guys really good Wagner and, and Paolo are really, really good power. So good. And, and the rest of their team, I mean, think about it, their, I think their third leading score was Jonathan Isaac with Seven Points. You can't, you can't beat a Celtics team that has Derrick White is again, Derrick White is not like saying, it's not disrespect to say he's their fourth option 'cause that's just what he is.


He scored 30 points and he was awesome. And Tatum and, and Jalen Brown did not shoot well. And it does not matter because they have so many guys, So many guys. Any given night. Are you worried about Jason Tatum's wrist? No. He got X-rays. He said they came back negative. Are you worried that his mom's gonna try to fight a team? No. That's a good thing. That Was very funny. Yeah. His mom said, you want me to go in that locker room? It's a Good mom. Yeah. Really good mom. I'm excited. How many tweets did you get being like panic button at halftime? I got a few, A decent amount. That's, That's premature guys. You got, listen, we're gonna get to the panic button stuff when like the Cavs win a couple games against the Celtics.


Or maybe when Knicks are one in one, if the Knicks win one, one of the first two games. So you can't do it. Halftime against the magic. Going back into my old Hank knows ball files, you pretty accurately predicted the playoffs last year in terms of how many losses you were gonna have this year. What do you say it's gonna be prior to the NBA finals? How many losses total will you have? Good question. Three. Three, one in the second round, two in the four, the third round. I, I would say two and a half. I mean, I would take the under, I would set the line at two and a half. I Personally take the under. I take the under you Take, you think the calves are gonna take two off you? I don't know. I don't think the calves are gonna even gonna make it.


Oh, should we talk? I mean they they beat the shit outta the heat. Yeah, They eat, they, this is why the play, I mean the heat are, the heat are just not like what, what are we doing? The heat? We're not a good team during the re the regular season. They won the play. I mean you, I guess the heat were the best of the other playing. They proved that on Friday night. Trey Young is just, I don't know how Hawks fans do it. The his, his just standing around the last few possessions, having guys get rebounds over him. It was, it was brutal to watch. And it was, I I just don't know how you do that.


I don't know how you root for that guy. And Davion Mitchell basically out hustled him and the end of that game was unbelievable. It Was just a win for heat culture. Yeah. But then they had to play the Cavs today. And guess what? A Cavs team that won what? 60 plus games versus a heat team that is under six games. Under 500. Yeah. The, the Cavs are better than the heat. There's Also gotta be something to be said that the Grizzlies and heat getting blown out has something to do with the fact that they had to play all week On Friday. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'd say probably. That's probably fair. But still, I don't think it's gonna, the calves are so much better than the heat. They're, I don't think it's gonna be a sweep though. I think that the heat, they, neither the heat are gonna win one, maybe two. The Cavs are so much better than the heat.


I would take the under on two. I I think the calves are a lot better than the heat and they've been very good all year. And the heat are not, I mean they're just not a very good team. They, they're under 500. Yeah. I don't know what else to say. Like you, when you're under 500, you're, we've proven over 82 games, you're not that good of a team. Yeah. And sp has to be going out there understanding that he's probably gonna lose every night. Yeah. And Donovan Mitchell was awesome. Scored 30. Yeah. I I I think the Cavs are a very good team. And then we have, we're we're watching right now, the Warriors kind of welcome the Rockets to the NBA playoffs. The Warriors officially back.


Yeah, I think they might, they might be back like, oh, okay. Oh, Okay. I'm just saying. Yeah, third quarter, I think 13. I think what Wendy said was completely accurate about the West. Just like pretend that they don't have the little numbers next to their names. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I mean this is a Warrior's team that I don't, their depth is, it could be an issue because obviously Jimmy and and Steph have to carry a big scoring load every single night. But yeah, I did See Di I wouldn't go against Steph Curry. Dylan Brooks tried to tackle somebody. I don't know who he hit. It definitely wasn't Draymond because there would've Been, he's already doing that. A full Yeah, there was. The nice thing though is he's got Stephen Adams to back him up.


Yeah. Which is a great guy to have behind you if you're gonna pick a fight with somebody. That's A fact. That's a fact. Should talk a little puck. We had two games on, on Saturday. I've, I've made my future bet because Whitney told me that he thought maybe the abs I took AVS plus seven 50. I've also told PFT not that he cares that I would cash out if they played the caps in the finals. 'cause I, I would rather you win. You Are free to do whatever you want. Yeah. With your bet. Yeah. But I would, and I will not hold it against you if you don't cash out. But I would, it could be a lot of money. I'd wanna root for you. I'm locked in. Yeah. All year. Yeah. I'd wanna root for you. But the, that first game, the Jets Blues was awesome. And I don't know if you guys saw, but the, the one timer goal to win the game with like a minute and 30 left by Kyle Connor was so sick.


Cross ice, just fucking buried it. And there's something about playoff games in Canada that are just incredible. I do like it. And the, the Leaf Senator series, it's gonna be great because there's a lot of bad blood and just both two Canadian teams, one has to go. I I would like to see a Canadian team make it to the Stanley Cup finals. Yeah. I think that'd be fun. The, so the AVS beat the fuck out of the, the Stars. Speaking of famous fans, I I remembered that Glass Banger is in jail. Oh, he is? Yes. He got locked up. He's in jail till the end of May. Now I don't know what to believe on, on Twitter 'cause anyone could say anything.


But there was a question of like, where is he? And everyone's like, he's in jail. Oh, Hank might be right. The the, the rockets just cut it to nine and someone replied, he's in jail because his old lawyer died and he missed a court date for a DUI. He got insane circumstances only could happen happen to a fucker like that. Mm. I choose to believe these circumstances. Apparently he's in mid, he's in jail for until like the end of May. So we will not get glass banger at Dallas Star's Home Care. But he is like, that's the irony of being in jail and visiting with people. You do get to bang on the glass there. That's true. That's facts. You think he's doing that? I think probably when someone shows up, if somebody just shows up and plays the game for him on like a sm like on their phone.


Yeah. And he just gets to hit the, the, the cell We had. And, and then the devils got killed by the hurricanes, which I, when we had Whitney on last week, previewing the NHL playoffs, i, I based solely on Frank the tanks tweets. I had no idea the devils were even in the playoffs. They also got a bunch of injuries. There was that one clip of like both their guys coming off. Guess what? I know that there's people who were in prime season of dick measuring between the two sports. There were some blowouts in hockey too. A lot of blowouts. Yeah. There were some blowouts in hockey. I I think also the Sunday, 'cause we had three games to start Sunday in the NBA where there were 12 and a half or more favorites and they all covered.


And it was like, yeah, I guess this sucks. 'cause it was the one seeds and then then the two seed. So Defending champs, I've got, i I a small bone to pick with the Winnipeg jets. Okay. Very minor. And also they did win the president's trophy. Right. And I think that the last team to win the Stanley Cup Yes. Was the Blackhawks I believe. So That won the president's trophy. So, and that was a long time. What was that? 2012? I think in 2015? We might have no, 2013. When was the shortened year? The shortened year? I don't know. I Think the shortened year was 20 20 11. No, no, no. There was the year where we the, they started the season. I, I'm gonna look it up. I wanna say it was 2015 was the shortened year.


Nope, that was not a shortened year. All right. But keep going. Sorry. Yeah. My, my small very minor bone to pick with the Winnipeg jets. It has to do with their logo. Okay. Yeah. It's a jet with a maple leaf. I searched for what Jet is in the logo for the Winnipeg Jets. The AI overview says that it's an F 15 Eagle. That's not an F 15 Eagle. Oh that's, that's either a Hornet or maybe a Viper. But I think it's a Hornet. Canada's got a lot of F 18 hornets. That is not, that is Abso fucking lly. Not an F 15 Eagle. So we're saying wait, so it's, They might, they might have fucked up the design Black Hawks 20 12, 20 13. That was the shortened year.


They, they had the best record. 'cause I remember they started and they, they won like 20 in a row or, or didn't lose for forever. So wait, so explain it to me again. It's A, it's a big deal to me, but probably to no other person in the world. They say that it's an F 15 Eagle. That's that buddy. That's not an F 15. What is it? That's either a Hornet. I think It's a Hornet. But they're jets. They're jets. They're both jets. So does it matter? Well, yeah, because that's not the outline of an F 15. If that's, if they're claiming that's an F 15, that's not an F 15, But it's a jet in their logo. It is a jet in their logo. Yes. Also, who told you that it was an F 15? The AI overview. I'm looking at it right now. The Winnipeg Jet's logo features a fighter jet, an F 15 Eagle.


I think your problem is with the ai. Is it? Did I get ai? Yeah. Like this is like, oh no. Right. This is the, I I've had some issues with the AI recently asking a question. So what, what did you see? I no, I I I've seen nothing. But I've asked the ai, like the Google AI questions and I've gone to other people telling them that, that that is the answer. Okay. And then Being, being made looked, looked a Fool. I found it. I found another source. Shouldn't I thought this was your thing? Well, no, I'm telling you if they're claiming that's an F 15, it's not F 15. But I just saw Well, like Shouldn't you be Able to verify that? That's what I'm doing right now, is that I read a source on the internet that said that that was an F 15.


And I am telling you that is not an F 15. But then I just found a different source that says, indeed it is a hornet as I suspected Yes. Big Cat straw Man question. It's still a jet, right? Yep. Okay's Still a jet. Still a Jet. So that part, they're right. They are right that they are The Jets that it's Jet. Yeah. Yeah. From my second source that I'm looking at, it does appear that it's F 18. Got It. So it was the, it was the AI that was wrong. The AI was wrong. The AI was wrong. Yeah. Fuck that. Ai. Yeah. I, I'm stronger than the machine. Do you know my jet knowledge is better than Google? Do you Know who was never wrong about this? Who me? 'cause I always thought it was a jet. It was a Jet. It's, it's, it's confirmed.


A jet. Still a jet, But yeah. Winnipeg, good job having a, a properly sourced logo. Yeah. Wait, hey memes. What'd you think about the Knicks? You're a Knicks fan. We just passed over. Yeah, It was a campaign game. I was very nervous when they went down eight. Yeah. And then campaign popped Off. Do you think maybe you take that guy Nixon six Oh, ho ho ho. Oh, bing bong. Jerry was in Chicago this weekend. We just didn't see him. Sucks. He was here for volleyball tournament. I also looked it up. According to DraftKings, the Thunder have a better chance to win the West than the Celtics do to win the East. Mm. Interesting. Okay. Shadow Traffickings.


Just saying. I'm just saying That's y'all's narrative. Max. That is y'all. No, that's trafficking, that's y'all's narrative's. Trafficking's narrative. Okay. Do we want to do who's back of the week? And then we'll get to our interviews. Let great interviews. Let's do


it. Who's back of the week? Brought to you by our friends. That truly, truly unruly Lemonade combines a high alk of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. Level up your lemonade. 8% A BV. 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors. Bump and blue Raz OG Original Lemonade. Punched up pineapple wild pink. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. I am a big fan of the wild pink. Go check 'em out right now. 8% a BVA hundred percent delicious. Level up your lemonade for supercharged lemonade flavors. Pump it. Blue RAs OG Original Lemonade. Punched up pineapple wild pink. The official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly Le Lemonade at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com


Henry. Yeah. Man. Who's back in the week is Playoffs. Playoffs. It's that time of year. Should we break down the games Also in golf though, Justin Thomas for the first time in three years Yeah. Won his first tournament in a playoff. The RBC heritage. So Justin Thomas is back. Playoffs are back When I saw RBC Heritage, I thought it was being played in Europe somewhere. I thought it was played in Canada. That's A big time. Yeah. One of the, I don't know why. Too early in Canada, it feels like in Scotland, right? The RBC heritage. Yeah. But then they showed the, the, well I think it was S also the, and it was Prime South Carolina, right?


Yeah. Yeah. Hilton Head Prime, South Carolina. But the winner, I always thought it was Canada because the winner gets that jacket, the red jacket. Oh, The, the Fifth major First win in three years. Yeah. That's, That's major for him. We like jt. Yeah. Big win. Yeah. Tough for our guy. Sea Kim Tracker. Yeah. That was Sea Kim started the day in first, right? Yeah. He was lights out Until today. Until today. That was brutal. I felt bad for our boy. I saw him tweet something like, I'm with my family, they're all happy. And I'm just in hell. It's like, that's like, listen, but I appreciate that he's committed to it. Yeah. Like, like if you're a tracker, the losses should affect You.


Right. And listen, we all choose a path to the Mean. The Brooks Tracker is like gone. He's, we talked gone. He's been gone rogue. He Goes off the map. Yeah. Yeah. A lot the but, but our guy si Woo Kim Tracker. We love him. And he, you, you don't choose this life. It chooses you. And it happened to choose him to track Si Woo Kim. And he was brutal today. And that was stuff. Yeah. Family all happy, laughing. And here I am mauling about the Woo. Actually can't imagine not being a sports fan. You all must be so happy. It's very funny just to like be like being a sports fan when it's like you're actually just talking about sea. Woo. Can, He's probably got a Pretty, and like someone like an uncle at Easter being like, what's wrong James?


And he's like, SI Woo kid. Oh, you got, you got money on the grizzlies? Nope. I just track sea. Woo Kim. And that's my life. And I love, I respect him For it. There should be a sea Woo Kim Tracker. Tracker that updates us on what sea Woo. Kim Tracker is going. I Think we are, We're going through. Yeah, that's good Point. I think we just did that segment. Yeah, we're track What's up with Sea Kim Tracker this Week? I'd like to see an account though that does it so I can read it. Oh, okay. PFT year. Who's back? So Hank, you just went with Playoffs. Playoffs are back. Got it. Do you, you didn't like, like Was It was good. It was good. You, You didn't wanna say golf. It was, it was really good. Yeah. Well no, it was, it was Playoffs. Yeah, Playoffs are back.


Were you happy? Was I Happy? Yeah. To see JT win. Yeah. Not really. I Was happy to see Justin Thomas win. Yeah, Same Sam. Yeah. It's a good story. Agreed. Good Guy. Him Good golfer. My who's back of the week is the rivalry. The rivalry is back on, which is I have joined a softball team. Oh yeah. I'm officially on cdic softball team. And man, the group chat is buzzing. Love it. Great vibes in the group chat. These are, these are my boys. Can't wait to have a couple beers with 'em. Play some softball. It's gonna be great. I'm, I'm fucking pumped. I'm ready to go. Pumped for you. Yeah. Same. Really Also, people should be blaming Max for not inviting P ft.


I I'll Yeah, I'll go with that. People were Blaming me. It's like, dude, I I invited my cell phone to a team. I wasn't, I mean it's, you are kind of the leader of the team. I am not the leader of the team. Yeah. He is The leader of the pugs. He is kind of the leader of the pugs. You are, you're pugs boss. Hank and I both joined this team at the exact same time. The player. You're the dog dad. I'm not the best player. I might join Kes team, Dude, Because I've got, yeah, lemme Tell you, lemme Tell you this. I might join Katie, Steve, This team. I can tell. Just do you need a picture? I can tell just from the group chat what kind of guys I'm dealing with. And these are some loyal dudes. No, I'm pumped to play some softball. I'm committ into the pugs. Pugs. Pugs. Listen, What position do you wanna Play? Whatever position in Per No, In a perfect world though, like, let's say you're, you're, you know, setting the lineup, you're putting yourself, What do you think?


You excel. I gotta meet the boys. I gotta see, I gotta see. No, but in a perfect world, I gotta get in where world, in a world Where there's the perfect world. Yeah. I gotta start fitting in and not fitting out. But like in a vacuum, I, I would say pretty strong left field. Would you accept a DH spot? Yeah. I, wherever they need me. Okay. That's, that's what kind of team guy I am. Yeah. Listen, I'm committed to the pugs. We're one and Oh, we've, we've had some early season adversity And we fought through and we're ready to go. So ready to go. We're so bad. Think I find we're, I find myself, yeah, I did feel a little clubhouse cancer. Fine. A, a small bit emasculated when the group chat started going and we're talking about getting jerseys together. This team is really rallying around each other. Which I, I love, I love being a group of guys like that. But we're, what's the team name?


We are fat pitches only. Nice. Classic. Yeah, classic. Right. Nice. So we were getting the, the jersey order stuff going on and they're like, okay, we're gonna put in the jersey order. I'm just gonna write the sizes out and just like, whichever one you'll be, so it was like medium, large, extra large. Double xl, triple xl. And I was the only one that liked medium. So it's a bunch of big boys, which I'm, I'm down with. You're like, when that happens on the burner verse always makes you laugh when a guy's like you all you'all Cool. If I have a day and he posts like a picture of his fit pick and it's like a Peter Millar medium. Yeah. Everyone's like, dude, you probably weigh 130 pounds. You, you obviously are, you're, you're as sturdy of a medium as they come.


I'm A sturdy boy. I'm a little thick. Yeah. You're not, not a, you're not a true medium. No. I'm, I've gone from being a medium to now I'm a a Marge. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You gotta get a Marge. When I, when I, when I rock the medium, it's like you're wearing a medium. Nope. That's a Marge. That's A Marge baby. Well, I'm excited. I mean, I'm happy you found a home. Yeah, me too. Are you guys gonna do a home run derby just Pump to play softball Or some kind of competition? Good Question. I mean, I was down to do one with Hank, but Hank seemed like he, he didn't want to smoke on on Friday. So. No. Hank Hank is a better baseball player than me. I will admit that. Do you want We could go to a field And we could go to a field? We could go To a field. Okay. I'm, let's go to a field.


I'm, I'm down again. I don't know where the, I didn't want the smoke came from, but I'm, I would love to. Let's do a 16 inch home run derby. Okay, Great. Yeah. We gotta find a field with a fence. I have one. Okay, great. They, they might not hit any home runs though. How many pitches? I think it's like first to five home runs. That might take a While. Might take a while. How? Yeah. How far are these fences? Well There's, there's a softball field that we could play on that's like two 20, kinda like a Jose Altuve guy. Two 20 is I power have 16 inches is Yeah, 16,000 hard. It's tough to hit out. That's hard. Like, it's not for people who don't know what we're talking about. 16 inch softball. The ball is like this big and it's softer. And you don't, in Chicago you don't play with gloves.


So there's no gloves on the field. And the ball gets a little softer as the game goes. And it's like, it's a very fun game because as you get older, you don't really wanna be playing 12 inch where someone like Max gets up to the plate, you're playing first base and he hits a rocket a hundred miles an hour down the line right in your face. This is a game that's a little bit more skilled and speed and Yeah. The ball, the ball gets a little softer so you can't really hit it. You can't hit like 300 foot bombs with 16 inch softball. Okay. The Circumference is 16 inches. Yes. For our podcast. For our podcast Listeners. For podcast. Maybe. Maybe we, we set up our own outfield fence with just like a rope.


We could do that. Okay. Where I'm kind of a, where what Like field halfway between Oh Oh, just Play it a little league. We just play it a little league Field. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We can find a little league field. All Right. Yeah, We'll do that. That'd be good. Pmm TV We'll do it right after Max actually fucking does his dingers only league Video. Yeah. We're about to have the draft for Dingers only And we have set Up, we have to do it before we play Dingers. Only again. But that team doesn't play. Yeah. Actually no, that'll work. That'll work. That'll work. Alright. The Cubs are playing right now. You can do it. Would you want me to pitch against the Cubs?


Yeah, that'd Be so awesome. Oh my God, the wind's blowing out. Oh, That'd be so fucking awesome. Okay. My who's back of the week is big dom. Not to be a trigger to you Max, but big Dom because Howie Roseman said big Dom is the best in the NFL at finding out about players. Red Flags Said he's the best. I don't know how he does, but he does. Finds it out. And he stops problems. He stops problems before they Start. Never been an arrest. Yeah. Also my who's back is, how did Matt Fitzpatrick do today? This weekend? Did he play? He did, I think, but not great. I didn't know this story.


He's not great on until Sunday until I saw it. But he played an entire season with a four ounce weight in his driver. Yeah. Without realizing it. Yep. How's that possible? I don't know. 'cause he's like quite literally the biggest stats data guy. Right. Like we did a whole that exists. We did a whole full swing thing about him keeping track of every shot ever. And then he forgot to take a four ounce weight out of his club and He's tied, he tied for 38th. He is ranked a hundred 16th FedEx Cup rankings. 75th in the world. Damn. So is there, is there gonna be any punishment?


No. I think he No, it's not a punishment. It punish himself. You himself, you can have weights. Yeah. But he just thought, he was like, he cares so much about the data and, and you know, knows all his shafts and weights and lts and stuff. He put it in for practice. So he was assuming he was playing Like it's a leaded donut. Like a batting donut. Okay. It's not, it doesn't add distance. Like he chose a 38 ounce bat. Yeah. But thought in his head that he was hitting a 34 ounce bat. Oh okay. I thought it meant like the head of the Driver he weigh didn't like cork. He didn't cork it. He did You What? He doesn't think you know baseball. He was Trying to It down to you with, with ounces and Bats. No, I understand the concept of the leaded donut. Dude, this guy's on a softball team now. True fat pitches only. Yeah.


You don't have to talk to him like that. He was really talking down To you. Hank is talking down to me. I can't wait. I can't wait to settle this on the diamond. Hank Same. I'm scared I'm ducking smoke. You Don't, you don't respect me. You don't respect the thunder Two all time greats. Hank. Good call on this Warriors Rockets game. Fuck. Do we have to, we'll, we'll we will get to our interviews. Maybe we'll give an update right before the lottery ball and who, who wins this game. But yeah, don't don't duck. PFT. Okay. You got this. Alright, let's get to our interviews. We've got Minnesota Timber. We're gonna start with Daniel Jeremiah talking draft. And then we got Minnesota Timberwolves head coach Chris Finch.


Okay, before we get to Daniel Jeremiah talking draft KFC, the future of Dunking is here. The dunk it bucket is no ordinary release. It's a first of its kind customizable flavor. Experience. KFC is introducing the first ever bucket built for Dunking. It's an interactive, crave worthy food experience designed for ultimate dipping, dunking, sharing and devouring. Now with the new dunk it bucket, KFC is inviting everyone to get on all the delicious possibilities and dunk it their way. Because Dunking isn't just for basketball legends anymore. It's for everyone. Hank, you can finally dunk. I've been dunking all month long. I love these Dunking buckets. The Dunking bucket is awesome. It is awesome. So go check it out now. KFC dunk IT challenge may be over but you can still dunk, dip and devour with the KFC. Dunk IT bucket. Go check it out Now dunk like Hank with the KFC dunk IT bucket. It's no ordinary release. It's a first of its kind customizable flavor experience from KFC.


The dunk IT bucket


Daniel Jeremiah is also brought to you by our friends as Chevy. Chevy is packed More capability in the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer Saturday and Sunday with the truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. They helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low man award. Well Silverado Trail Boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 pounds a foot of torque. Hold onto your sodas Max plus the Trail boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado brings the grit, then pairs it with all the latest truck tech inside and out the result. A truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com. Chevrolet together. Let's drive.


Okay, here he is. Daniel Jeremiah talking FL draft. Okay we now welcome on Recurring guest. Very special guest. It's a yearly tradition. It is Daniel Jeremiah from the NFL Network move the Sticks podcast, chargers Radio. You can find him on Twitter at Move the Sticks. He is one of our draft experts and it's always great. It's draft week. So let's start with this dj, great to talk to you. Thanks for coming on. Is it wrong to say that this draft does not have a lot of buzz? Because I feel like maybe especially compared to last year we're in draft week and it just feels like there's not a lot, lot, not a lot of movement, not a lot of talk.


Is that a fair assessment? I think it's fair. You know, it doesn't mean it's not a, like a quality draft. It's, I've just been saying it's starters not stars. Like last year we had six quarterbacks. Like that's so rare when you have that many quarterbacks and quarterbacks provide the juice in the intrigue. And this year when you've got, you know, cam Ward seems locked in at one Travis Hunter seems locked in at two. So you know it, you know, there's not really that juice there at the top 'cause we, we kind of feel like we know what's going on there and then it begins at three. Yeah, so you, you just said starters not stars and that's what I've, I've been reading about how it's, well you tell me how many blue chippers projected pro bowlers and obviously this is all hard to do because it's the draft.


Yeah. Are there in this draft or where, you know, where would you say if you're picking in this range, you're gonna get a guy who has, has potential to be a bonafide star versus this is where the fall off is? To me, and I think everybody's somewhat in this range. Some have a few more, but I, I think like Cam Ward in his own category as a quarterback and I think there's six like premier players. Some drafts you might have, you know, 13, 14 this year they're six. Now the difference is I might like, doesn't mean like the seventh, eighth, ninth guy aren't really good, but to me that group is huge. Like Quinche Judkins is in the early thirties for me and grade-wise is not gonna be much different than who I would have going with the ninth or 10th pick.


Right. So if we're looking at this year's draft, where would, if you were to put Cam Wood in last year's draft Yeah. Where would you see him going? I gave him the same grade as I gave Bo Nicks. Okay. So they, they would literally be right there with him and Bo you know, I mean look, he was the last of that first group to go. But outside Jane Daniels you'd say probably played the second best of all those guys. So I think, I think Cam's not quite as polished as Bo it was coming out. But I, I think their skillset wise very similar. And And what were the six players that you would say are like, Hey, these are the blue chip guys, these are the guys that if you have one of these top picks, you're gonna probably get someone who might be a, a perennial pro bowler.


I, I start with like the little tier there at the very top. It's Abdo Carter, Travis Hunter, whatever order you wanna put him in. I gave him the same grade. It's just whatever you need. Those two guys, I got the two tight ends in that mix. So Tyler, Warren, Colson, Lovelin, I've got Ashton Genty up there. I think he's my third player. And then I've got Mason Graham in there. Yeah. So does that get me to the six? Yeah, I think that gets you to the six. Yeah. I mean I, I love Mason Graham. I think he's gonna be awesome. I'm, I'm hoping he falls to 10, but I, I very highly doubt it. Okay. So that, that's a good big picture of, of the draft. What about in terms of strongest positions and weakest positions? Just so people know going into this week?


I think, I think defensive line overall, like just numbers, you're gonna see a ton of D lineman, edge rushers, dts. That's probably the, the largest collection, the largest number of players. If you're gonna look at, at guys that can have, you know, starter potential. I think that group's probably the deepest, but like from comparing a group to what they are historically, the tight ends and the running backs are really, really good. And it's a really, really strong group of those guys, you know, compared to what we'd normally get. Not premier positions, but that's why like I've argued, you know, there's some years where it's like, hey, bang the table, you know, tackles edge, rushers corners, receivers, like the premium positions, they get elevated. But this year to me, like some of these running backs and tight ends are so good and there's such a gap as players with them and these other premier positions.


Like I think you almost gotta throw that out the window. Yeah. Yeah. What about at, at the quarterback position with Shado? So some people are having Shado going some in the top 10. I've seen a couple people like that. Yeah. And then some have him falling more towards the end of the first round. I feel like this is, I have a kind of, maybe it's a prediction, but it feels like one of those years where we'll get through part of the first round and there will be a team that, that drafts in the top 10 that did not take Shado, that needs a quarterback. And then they come in back later for a second, first round pick and they're like, okay, now we can take Shadur later on in the first round. Where do you have 'em going? And then two, do you see that happening? I, I think it's very, very possible. Like to me, I think there's a little bit of a game of chicken with three teams.


So Pittsburgh, you know, they're in that market, they're picking 21. To me there's like a, there's like a bullseye on them of like, yeah, okay. If you want to, if you're the comeback up team, then you know Sean, Peyton, Denver at 20 is, is probably gonna be a hot spot where you're trying to get, and the Browns and the Giants say if they both were in on, whether it's Shadu, whether it's Dart, they're competing against each other to see who wants to be most aggressive to go up and get the quarterback after already having secured, you know, we assume will be Hunter and Carter and the cost isn't that much. So you're looking at, it would be the second round pick, let's say for the Giants 34, it would be their, one of their thirds, they have two thirds would be 65 and then a fifth round pick, which is 1 64.


So I would think if you're the Giants or you're a fan of the Giants and you come out of it Yeah. And you've got Abdul Carter and then you come out and you end up with Shado or Dart, whoever your choice is there, you still got a third round pick. So tho that's a, that's a pretty nice haul there. You've got a quarterback of the future, but you also have a big time premier player. Right. I was thinking it would make a ton of sense for the Giants because you're, you got a coach who's in save my job mode and you need a quarterback. You don't have an answer at the quarterback position. And so you take that premium player at the top and then you also double dip and, and come back in for chador. So you mentioned Jackson Dart too. He's that guy that like, the closer we get to the draft, the better he becomes, like the further away we get from watching him play football, he becomes better at football.


But I've got some teams saying that like they might, you could see him as maybe a first round draft pick. So who, do you have him above Shado or Shado above him? I have on my list, I have Shadur, you know, he's like right around 18, 20, like in that range from my list and Dart's in the mid thirties. But you know, I get, I, to me dart my comp on him was kind of off the walls a little different. But he reminded me of Hertz just from the standpoint of they kind of built similarly. They're like strong, sturdy, tough guys. They got better each and every year in college. Not arriving as like a finished product. But guys that, you know, I think you're kind of buying into the kid and the competitiveness of the kid and the toughness of the kid that he's gonna eventually get there.


And I mean, I look, I was at Hertz, like one of his first training camp practices and it was not good. You know, like there was, there was like, oh gosh, what, what did we do? Type vibe there. But he just proved he's just gonna outwork everybody and he's gonna figure it out. And, and, and he did. So I think that's the comparison there with those, like the trajectory of those two guys. So I know I would be a terrible scout or someone in the front office because I would overreact to a specific game more than every other game. Florida. Yeah. So that was good because now it's helped me sometimes I was, I was first on the bandwagon of packs and Lynches not good because I lost a lot of money in his bowl game. But the Ja I was at his bowl game. Can I tell you the story about his bowl Game?


Yes, please. I was at his bowl game and I wanted to see him. So I went, I don't think I've ever told this, but I, I went, I went down on the field. I was working with NFL network, but I didn't want to, I didn't want anybody to kind of recognize me. I don't think they would've, anyways, I probably could've worn an NFL Shield and a rob low hat. Nobody would've known who I was. But I went down there right by the fence along the sideline. 'cause I wanted to see like how he interacted with everybody because I knew he was big and strong and athletic and all that stuff. The play on the field. He didn't play great in that game. But to me, I went down there on the sideline. I did not see him interact with anybody. He'd come off the sideline. He wasn't talking to coaches, he wasn't around teammates. So that's when I kind of jumped ship Yeah. On him at that bowl game. Yeah. That was so, so, so sometimes it works in my favor, sometimes it doesn't.


But the Florida game for Jackson Dart was horrendous. And yeah. When you're sitting in that meeting, is there, like, do you say, Hey look, there's one game guys, we can't, we can't react to a bad game just like we can't react to a really good game. Or is it like, no, this might be a sign of something else that we gotta be worried about long term? Well, I mean, I look, there's always gonna be outliers and clunkers. You know, Lamar Jackson, I wanna say they played LSU and their bowl game and it was not, it was not good for his final sendoff there. But you know, the, the, this is the same thing. I've, and I, I don't have the medical information, so I can't, you know, stamp this as a hundred percent. But in talking to some people around the league, and maybe they're just apologists or they're have big grades on these guys, but like you hear, will Howard might've been concussed in the, in the Michigan game, you hear Jackson Dart might've been concussed in the Florida game.


I'm not, I don't have that documented. I'm just saying that there's, that that stuff floats around out there when you're talking to people. But Right. It's not the first time somebody's had a stinker, remember Josh Allen and who was playing with a junior high team when they went and played that Iowa game, but like had the interceptions and people just, just hung onto that one moment on him and punished him for that. And it's like, dude, that's, you know, he wasn't even fighting a fair fight with what he had in that game, but you're gonna have a, a game like that every now and then, right? Yeah. How, how do you weigh that? Like, I, I guess the real question I'm asking is how, how do you weigh traits like the, if a guy has a big arm, very accurate, et cetera, et cetera, against the games that you've seen him play most recently? Well, I think big games are important, you know, how you play in that.


But I, I like, to me, there was a lesson in scouting and, and obviously I had to learn the hard way, but with Josh and with Mahomes, where it was like, okay, there's some rawness to 'em. There's some, some, some issues that pop up, there's some development that needs to take place. But when you have like combination of, of size, you know, ridiculous arm talent and then incredible like competitiveness, and then you go through the later on the process you find out, oh yeah, by the way, they're unbelievable dudes who are incredibly smart. Like, these guys are gonna figure it out. Like, I, I'll, I'll take my chances on those guys who may be a little rough around the edges. So it, you know, to get to your point there, I'm chasing ceiling with quarterbacks maybe more than I'm looking at the floor.


You know, when you just look around the a FC and you look at the quarterbacks you have to go through, it's like to me, okay, if I, if I take a guy who has like a, a mid-level ceiling, but I know he's gonna hit it, like I'm confident he's gonna hit it and I have another guy with a wide range, but a higher ceiling. Well, either way, if I take the high range guy and he, and he busts, I gotta go get another quarterback. If I take the guy with the mide two years, three years from now, I'm like, well, he's not good enough either. Like, I gotta go back and get another quarterback. So you might as well just take your swing. Yeah, No, that's a good way to think about it. And I think that as fans, we, we probably criticize too much on the swings because it's like you can't, you don't want to be stuck in that mediocre, you know, having a starting quarterback who's just good enough to get paid but not good enough to win a Super Bowl.


Yeah, just list. I mean, when you look at the A FC and off the top of my head, you're talking about Mahomes, Alan Lamar, Jackson Burrow, CJ Stroud Herbert. Like, you gotta navigate through that gauntlet and you're gonna go out there with kind of a, you know, a middling, middling quarterback. Like you're never gonna survive. Yeah, Yeah. Speaking, speaking of Josh, you were talking about, you know, some of the bad games he had in college. Who is one guy in this draft that is from, you know, that next level maybe group of five school that you think might be a sleeper, a guy that you're gonna get a, an excellent player, maybe you haven't seen him play that much, but who's one guy that stands out? Well, I just go immediately to Gray Zabel from North Dakota State. You know, first of all they've put offensive lineman in the NFL.


They know how to coach 'em. They know how to identify 'em, they know how to develop 'em. And then take guys from these non, you know, traditional, you know, power four type programs and they go to the Senior Bowl and they not only hold their own, they're like pretty dominant down there. That's a high batting arrow with those guys, man. And he can play all five positions. So yeah, he's, he's like that immediate name that just pops right into my head. Yeah, the running backs in this draft is very interesting because it's, Ashton Jenni obviously is at the top and he's gonna go in whatever the first six, seven picks. But you said, you know, there's a lot of depth at running back who's your favorite of the next group? And it does, it, is it fair to say that like there's gonna be probably five or six teams that are coming away from this draft being like, Hey, we feel like we've got a guy who on his rookie contract's gonna be really good contributor to this team?


Dude, there's a boatload of him, but like Trayvon Henderson for me from, from Ohio State, just because you got home run hitter, which I love. But then you've got somebody who's he, he's arguably, and I, I have to go back through my notes, like from way back in like the early two thousands, I don't recall off the top of my head a better past protecting back coming outta college. Like he's unbelievable at it. So you've got that, which is a hard thing to find, and he possesses it. Then you've got someone who, you know, is not, he's not a smallish back, like he's put together. He doesn't have a ton of tread on his tires because they've spread the rock around there at, at Ohio State. So now he's one that I would think, and it like, I know, you know, the Bears and, and people would look at that and say, gosh, that would be insane if they did that with pick number 10.


But then you kind of step back and look at it and you're like, okay, the biggest issue is you guys know, like they didn't protect last year, so we revamped the offensive line and now we've got a running back who can not only, you know, hit a home run. I can get 'em involved in the pass game, but come, you know, look, you come against some of those big time fronts. I got an extra, it's like having an extra lineman back there to help protect Caleb. So that would, that would be maybe a little shock if that happened when he got picked, but I could easily explain it. So like in, in terms of draft trends, it, it is a copycat league. Do you feel like the, the tides shifting in the running backs or even linebackers where it's like you saw what the lions did a couple years ago and everyone's like, this is crazy.


Why would they do this? Yeah, they took, they take a, a running back and a linebacker early. Are teams starting to open their eyes a little bit more being like, Hey, this isn't, this isn't as crazy as we thought it was, you know, five, six years ago. I just think it's the order of operation. I I, I don't think that I have an issue with taking a running back. And I don't think most teams do. I think the mistakes are when you're a terrible team and you take a running back Yep. Knowing he's got like a six year, seven year shelf life and you're gonna waste two or three years of those carries on a terrible team. What's the point? Like you're better off building up your team. And then the second I start the clock on the running back, like it matters. All of his carries, like Detroit had the offensive line, they'd already taken care of the marquee positions on defense.


They had Aiden Hutchinson. So you drop Jamir Gibbs in and he hits the ground running and off you go. But to me, if you're a bad team, bad offensive line, you can disguise a good running back in a, with, you know, with the bad supporting cast. So yeah, that's where the mistake is for me. And it's A really good point. It's the, it's why I feel bad for Giants fans who get made fun of for the Saquon deal. And it's like, but Saquon would, like, the Giants wouldn't have been good with Saquon this year. Saquon was added to a Super Bowl ready team and that's why he flourished. He always has been a good running back. It's just that he was on a really bad team and it makes no sense to pay a running back on a really bad team. A hundred percent. Yeah. It's, to me it's just that, it's one of the final pieces there.


Everybody talked about, you know, I think Seattle was, the reason for this was kinda like you build up your roster, then you drop in the quarterback. I, I almost more believe so it's the running back in terms of once you have everything built up, okay, drop him in there and off you go. And there's teams in this draft where you look at it and that's why like normally the teams pick in the top 10 aren't, don't have those key bases covered. And so that's why you see some of these running backs that go up there and maybe don't pop as much, but the Bears are a different, they're different. Like if somehow Gente were to get there, they've, they've invested in that offensive line. They have the quarterback in place, they have all the key positions in defense, they're in pretty good spot there. So that's why it's kind of a unique opportunity for them.


And even if, if Genti was gone, I would, you know, I'd be doing my homework on Hampton who's a stud out of North Carolina. Like, I would love to see the Bears come away with a dynamic back. I think they're ready for 'em. Yeah. Yeah. We, we have to dive into maybe the biggest controversy of all time in the NFL draft, what's been going on with Will Campbell and his arm length measurement. So I know you're, you're a big arm length guy, probably. He measured in a 32 and five eighths inches at the combine. Yeah. And that's just below the magic number of 33 inches, which is what you say you have to have to be a, an offensive tackle then was it at his pro day or was that the senior? Yes, pro day. Pro Day. Yeah. Pro day. He, he measured in at 33 inches. So he got up there, his arm length increased.


Are his arms, is that three eighths of an inch? Good enough? Is that enough to make, will Campbell an elite tackle? Well, the, the arm length controversy goes like well beyond Campbell because there were guys at the Senior Bowl who got their arms measured. And Bo the tackle from Purdue is one off top of my head whose arms magically shrunken inch from the Senior Bowl to the combine. Hmm. So like all the combine numbers this year were low. So I don't know if they've had different people doing it that, you know, it used to be you had the same guy would do it at the senior bowls. The same guy would do it at the combines. I'm gonna go on a limb and say they have different people doing this who are doing it differently. So all the numbers are kind of jacked this year and you see the pro day numbers match more what the all star game numbers were.


So it kind looks like the senior bowls an outlier. But to me the, you know, I've never been in a, in a draft room where it was like, Hmm, he's 30, 32 and seven, eights not touching him. Oh, he's 33. We're we're in on him. I think a little bit more of that gets made to me it's just more about how do you play with your length, like the, the on the, on the need length side of the argument. Go watch the Super Bowl and go watch Joe Tooney, who's not long, and who, who the Philadelphia Eagles got into his chest and just beat the credit outta him in that game. And that was their plan coming into that game. He's a short arm tackle. We're gonna rushed long meaning we're just gonna get to his chest. We're gonna get extended and get to his chest.


And he struggled like that, that there is a reason why people care about arm length. There is something to that. But I watch Rashaan Slater every week with the Chargers who's got 33 inch arms, but who's built like a wrestler. He's got unbelievable core strength. And even if you get to his chest before he can get on you, he can drop his weight with incredible strength and base and it, the arm length doesn't even, it's not even an issue. Yeah. So I think that's, it's kind of, that's a long way to get to it. But I do think arm length matters, but I think you have to put it in a context. It it, It's kinda like all these measurements where it's like the hand size, we joke about it, but if you had a preference, you would rather have your quarterback have bigger hands than smaller hands. Because it's proven that yes, there are quarterbacks with smaller hands who are good, but when it comes to elements, when it comes to, you know, holding onto the football, yeah, you'd probably wanna have a 10 inch hand like that would, that would help.


Yeah. I mean I think it's a, across the board, I, I think that's not just in football. I think in basketball, if you had a good basketball player at six foot five with a normal wingspan and a, and a, a player that was six foot four with freakishly long arms, like yeah, I like the guy with a lot of length. 'cause that clogs up lanes and that helps you close out and defend like this. You're always gonna prefer it, but you get in trouble when you discard good play and punish him for, for a trait. And you get in trouble when you elevate somebody because they have traits and they can't play. Yeah. So In, in Conclusion, will Campbell, you're not, you're not worried about him at all being a Tackle? No, I, I look he's not as, he doesn't have the same core strength that Rashan Slater has. I didn't give him as high of a great as I gave Rashan Slater, but with him, I think he can hold up.


I think he's really good at recovering. He's got great feet, but to me there are times where he's more so than his arm length, Rashad's broad, he's narrow, like will more, the wingspan probably bothers me than the arm length. He's just kind of narrow shouldered and guys can kind of get on his edges a little bit. But I, he's such a great kid, he's so smart, he's so tough. I think the absolute worst case scenario is he fails outside and he's a pro bowl caliber guard. That's not, yeah. So I think from that standpoint, he has a higher floor. Another reason why this draft maybe doesn't have as much buzz is it's not just the quarterbacks but the wide receivers. We, I feel like we had a stretch here where the wide receivers were phenomenal and there was, every year it would be five or six guys going in the first round.


It was like, holy shit. And it doesn't feel that way. Talk to me about the wide receiver class and then specifically Tet McMillan, because I feel like I've heard just ev everything, like people saying he's a stud and then people ripping him apart. Wh where do you land on Tet and then as the wide receivers in, in total? Sure. Big picture. I don't think we have the, again, the stars like the big time like top 10 caliber receiver and that we've had in some of these previous years. But I think it's a really good group. I think there's a lot of twos and you know, a good number of threes. I don't know that we have like a number one whiteout in this class to, to McMillan specifically. Like this is an example of kind of maybe the polarizing nature with him.


I call one team and and say, Hey, what'd you guys think of him? Well he's super smooth, he's ultra athletic, he's got agility. He makes it look easy, you know, with his range and, and he go get it, you know, he has a volleyball background. I love, you know, love him, you know, really, really love the kid, talk to somebody else. There's no urgency to what he does. I don't see him really compete. It doesn't look like he strains much to try and make things happen, you know, and he's a volleyball player, you know, I mean, come on, he's a vol. So I'm like, literally they said the exact same things and one likes him and one doesn't like him. It's just kind of all how you, how you view it. Yeah. Yeah. And then why wide receivers is a total, like is there another one that you like or maybe farther down the line where you're like, Hey, this guy's probably not gonna go to the second or third round, but he's gonna be a solid pro.


Yeah, I like the day two group. Like there's two kids from Iowa State I think are really, really good. You've got Noel who's kind of a, you know, a power slot. Like he's a strong sturdy slot who can really, really run, who can give you run after the catch. He's just, to me he's like ready made, like drop him in and he's gonna be super productive right away. And then you've got Higgins on the outside who's like more of that power forward type. You know, one of the things that I was talking to Purdy about this, I'm like, one thing I never understood, I don't know if you guys have ever tackled the subject, but why don't we include pass interference yards on totals for receivers and quarterbacks. Yeah, yeah. I mean Joe Flaco would be even more elite. Throw that deep ball. But I mean, I like Higgins draws so many penalties.


So like if you just look at his numbers on paper, like yeah, he's got good numbers, but if you added in all the yards and the first downs that he accumulated because he's so physical and fights for the ball and draws flags, like that's a skill and it's a more valuable skill in the NFL than it is in college. So like those are a couple day two guys. Jack Bess probably goes in the third round from TCU, who's another like ultra, ultra competitive kid. So those are a few I like. Yeah, I do think that there should also be an end one for wide receivers if they get a pass interference call to get em and they catch the ball. Ah, I, there should be an additional five yards on there. I heard, I like that. Yeah. What about Travis Hunter? What do we think about, are some teams looking at him and saying, yeah, you're only gonna play cornerback? Or is every team that's picking up at the top, are they gonna draft him with the understanding that he's gonna play both sides?


I think everybody I've talked to has a plan to major in minor, you know, like you major in one side, minor on the other. And to me, look, we can debate all these other teams that they're gonna do. Cleveland's gonna take him, he's gonna major in offense. He's gonna minor on defense. Really? Oh yeah. Oh, I think so. Yeah. I Always assumed it was the other way around. You have him great to hire as a, as a wide receiver. I I I think he's ready, he's more impactful as a receiver right now. And so I, to me, I think that's where you start him, especially in a team in Cleveland who doesn't have the premier quarterback and, and maybe, you know, I do think they try and come away with one and, and get back in to take one. But to me, yeah, I think that's, I think he'll be on the opposite side of Jerry Judy. And, and they'll, they'll get the ball in his hands as much possible.


So why do you have him, like, why are you seeing him more as a wide receiver than a cornerback? Because everybody else that we've talked to has said cornerback first they'll put 'em in on packages on offense. Yeah. I mean, first of all, on an, as an aside, he wants to play wide receiver. I think he says he wants to play everything, but if you told him, he would say he's a wide receiver slash corner and not the other way around. Okay. I, he touches the football more on offense and this is not the old days. Like he's not, he's not a press man corner. Put him on one side of the field and forget about it, leave him alone. He's at his best where he can use his instincts and eyes, play off coverage, see things set traps, drive on the ball and make some plays. So I, you know, I don't think, he's not like a Pat Ctan like coming outta college as a corner, whereas I think he is right now ready to go.


There's a ton of ways we can get the ball in his hands and I just think he impacts the game more on offense at, at this point in time and it's never really been done. Everybody that's had this two-way ability, it's always been major on defense package of plays on offense. So I realize in saying that, look, this is new, this is a new unchartered waters so to speak. But to me that's what makes the most sense for him. Yeah. I got a question about not this year's draft, but overall the way college football's going and then as it pertains to the NFL, obviously you followed the Nico Saga in Tennessee. How's that going to impact how teams evaluate these guys going forward when it's like, hey I, you know, loyalty is kind of a stupid thing because, you know, there is no loyalty in in these high level sports, but, you know, jumping around from team to team, having a situation like this where it's like he, you know, sits out not, I don't wanna say he quit on his team, but like there's that, that storyline goes.


So how do teams kind of judge something like this? 'cause it probably is gonna happen a lot more going forward. The teams who don't need a quarterback or aren't picking high enough to take one are gonna be very vocal about how upsetting this is. Oh, and the team, the teams that are picking up high and need quarterbacks are not gonna give 2 cents about it. Like, nobody's gonna care it's talent over everything, right? So it, it's gonna have zero impact on guys and where they go. And we are already used to this last year, I mean, shoot the last, I don't know, maybe five years, you're more the, the rarity is the guy who's been at one stop. Yeah. You know, all these guys have bounced all over the place now what the motivation is for that, people can get upset about it if they want. But you know, from a scouting standpoint with, with Nico specifically, I haven't seen a ton of them, but I've seen a ton of the Tennessee offense and it's kinda like that old Baylor art briles offense where they're literally could touch the hand of the coach on the sideline.


It's hard to translate that to the next level from an evaluation standpoint. You know, I, I don't know what exactly UCLA's offense is gonna look like, but I'm kind of excited to see him from an evaluator standpoint in a different offense. It It, it's a really good point because we get tricked by it. So like going forward we just gotta remember that we're going to hear a lot of criticism of a guy like Nico or someone who has the same situation. It's just gonna come from guys that would never have to pick him anyway. Exactly. Hey man. Yeah. Like what, what does it matter, right? I mean that's, that's my whole, my whole point. I mean, I, I just think there's, there's, there's teams every year that need upgrades and are desperate and they are not going to give a crap about any of this stuff. Yeah.


And if one of those players falls to the team that's complaining, they'll change their tune and draft that guy anyways. I've been in a draft room where we had a player with some character issues that we viewed as like a third round pick And we had a black dot on him, which meant he was und draftable. And then all of a sudden in the sixth round, our director said, print up a new card, take the black.off. He's been punished enough. That's perfect. How'd he work out? That's perfect. He hung around for a few years. He wasn't a great player, but for a six round pick he was he was functional. Yeah. So what about, what about a surprise team are, are we gonna get a team that we don't think needs a quarterback that is going to try to make a move? And it'd be very funny if the Falcons did it again this year.


I know they won't, but is there a team like the Falcons from last year that you're gonna be like, what the hell? I mean that would, that would probably kill the surprise. I, I don't, I can't think of one. There's none like that I'm looking at as like a sneaky quarterback team. I mean the Rams have been mentioned, you know, but I don't know. I mean I don't think they would do it early, but Matthew's older and you know, maybe they take one on day two or something like that. But you know, two has been hurt. Maybe that could be, you know, a surprise there. But they've paid him it seems like that wouldn't, that would catch me off guard. So if there is one, I mean I'll be as caught off guard as anybody. Yeah. What about some of the tweener guys? I don't know if we still call 'em tweeners.


I feel like I haven't heard that. I do. Yeah. Okay, good, good. Because I haven't heard that that term a lot recently. Normally it's like been changed to like a chess piece if you have somebody on defense. Versatile. Yeah, versatile. It's versatile. You, you move them around a lot. Is there, are there any tweeners that we should have our eyes on? And then follow up question, who are, who are the guys that have been undersized, that are labeled as tweeners that in your opinion have actually worked out? Yeah, Tweeners that have worked out well. I mean like Brandon Graham is like kind of my classic tweener. He was kind of in between body type of a defensive tackle and, and an edge rusher and, and you know, it was like how where do we use him best? I was there in Philadelphia when he was there and it's like, well his, it's better to have his power advantage over a tackle than his quickness advantage over a guard.


But he's like, you know, kind of a classic example of a, of a tweener. When I'm looking at guys in this draft, you know, this draft we have a lot of these dts are all over 300 pounds. Normally we get some of these 275, 280 pound guys. We don't have as many of those this year. Like Elijah Roberts from SMU, probably like a third round pick, but he's one that you kind of go, okay, does he play inside? Does he play outside? Savion Jones from LSU is another one. Kind of a, a tweener there. So there's a few of them sprinkled in throughout here, but not, it's not a huge, it's not a huge tweener year. Maybe the other one I would say is Nick Squirt from a and m Nick squirting is fascinating because he is someone, when I watched him like gosh, I didn't see like big time juice and takeoff at a and m last year.


And then I found out after the fact, well they bulked him up to two 80. They wanted him to be bigger so he got up to 280 pounds. Well he shows up at his pro days 2 57 and he's moving around good. He looks great. And that was, you know, team's like you gotta go back and watch him when he was at Purdue the year before. 'cause he was lighter and he looks like a different guy. So he's one that's just kinda weird that you're gonna see the guy when he gets picked and be like, that doesn't even look like the same human being. Yeah. As the guy that you saw last year. Alright, this is an unfair question, but I'm gonna ask you anyway. Outside of the top, let's say eight, give me a team and player that you're like, I know this is what's gonna end up happening. 'cause I think there are teams like the Packers or the Ravens, it's almost like if you, if you follow any of their beat writers, you can basically telegraph what their pick is.


So do you have, I'll give you two shots in it and if you get one of 'em right, we'll just be like, DJ was right. He got, he nailed it. So I'll give you two shots at a, a team player that you're like, I think this is gonna happen. It's like you can almost write it down right now. Well, how you guys, I know Dan you talked to, to Harbaugh, so I don't know if is he, if he's into manifestation, but it just feels like, I think every night he's going to bed with Colston Lin's picture, like on on okay. The wall and he just stares at it and is like, this is going to happen. I believe it. He will be here. So that's one. Okay. I would say, and then I will say with the Houston Texans, this one, I'll go with Booker, I'll go with Tyler Booker from, from Alabama when you have the connection with Nico Ryans to Alabama.


And then when I talk to the guys at Alabama about Tyler Booker, they say he was the offensive Will Anderson who also was with the Houston Texans. So I'm like, there's a lot of, there's a lot of stuff working together there. Yeah. Okay. So if you get either of those right, we're gonna, we'll we'll make a, a graphic and be like, as first reported by Daniel Jeremiah seven days before the draft, he nailed this DJ Knows ball. Yeah. Tell they save their time on that graphic though. Don't, don't, don't, don't do that unless it actually happens. Which the odds are very low. Yeah, No, we got you got one of those, you got one of those too. And I know as a scout you fall in love with guys. I'm sure that you've, you've experienced it where you're scouting somebody and you're like, this guy is gonna go way too late. I would personally have him way higher. Is there somebody that's gonna be picked in, in the third, fourth round this year that you have fallen in love with?


Ooh, that's a great question. Great question. Thank you. So I'll give you like an example of someone, he might even go beyond that, but there's a, a safety Woodson Craig Woodson from Cal, who's, I'm like one of those guys where I don't kind of, I dunno what I'm missing. Like he's, he's got enough size, he takes the ball away. He ran the mid four fours. I talked to the guys at Cal, like super smart, great leader. Cal's been like a sneaky good secondary factory over the years. There's certain schools that you kind of are surprised when you dig into it and you're like, gosh, there's a lot of guys playing in the NFL at this position from this school. So he's one, I think to me, I, I have him like in the like early to mid third round and maybe he goes in like the fifth, fifth round, you know, when it's all said and done.


But I think you'll look up and he'll be starting next year. Okay. I got one last question. This has been awesome. Thank you so much dj. You gotta go d obviously everyone's gonna be watching on NFL network on draft night Move to Sticks podcast.


The last question is Rollback question. You're wearing your Rollback right now. Oh, roll back.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts, everything. Rollback dot com promo code take.


Alright, give us, I wanna do a new thing where we're just gonna call it Mr. PMT 'cause there's obviously the Mr irrelevant give us a sixth or seventh round quarterback that you're like, Hey, this guy could, who knows? Just so we can then say, yeah, actually we had it first before anyone else. Not saying give us the next Tom Brady, but a a quarterback, you know, is gonna go in the last couple rounds that you're like, there's at least something there. So when his name gets called, all of our fans can be like, yep, that's Mr. PMT, he's gonna be the guy and we're just gonna take, we're gonna just do this every year for the next decade until we get one. Right? That one. And then we're gonna be like, we were the first to say it.


Now this one's interesting because if he were to go in like the third or fourth round, I wouldn't be shocked because his play's really good, but because of some other factors, mainly his size, I could see him falling into the sixth or seventh round. So it's not like I'm creating a quarterback outta thin air here. You guys all know him? You've all seen him play a bunch. But I would go with Dylan Gabriel. Okay. Okay. That's Mr. PMT. So He, I saw a picture of him wearing jet ski the other day. Oh, there You go. Yeah, he was very impressed. He's got a strong arm, man. He is not, he is, you know, he's, he's five 11, he's older, but he's got a, he's got a really strong arm. I've kind of advocated if you're the Dolphins and I know they brought over Zach Wilson. Yeah, but that'd be a, I mean, shoot, just bring him in there.


If you can get him in the third, fourth round, knowing two is more than likely to miss some games. Like I think he could do everything that, you know, Tua can do. Yeah, Yeah. And are you go going up to Green Bay? Yeah. Yeah. Yep. I'm out there all week. What Can we expect from Green Bay in this draft? Do they do anything different? I don't know, man. The only thing that I know is they have, we, we do the, the puppy thing. Like we bring in the rescue puppies and the, the one peed on me two years ago. So that's like the only thing I'm prepared for is just bring an extra shirt and try and work on my technique. It's like all the ball security stuff that they teach you in football. Yeah. Puppy security's like opposite. You gotta throw all, there's no point. You want zero points of pressure, you gotta keep that thing out extended. So that's, that's all I'm really focused on to be honest.


Oh, it's a great point. All right, well we can't wait to watch you on draft night. Thank you so much dj. We appreciate you and having you on every year. And let's hope that Dylan Gabriel goes and, you know, wins the Super Bowl And we can be like, yeah, actually that was Mr PMT. Oh man, you kidding me? And then you gotta do a whole weekend like the, like they do the thing in Newport Beach. I don't know where you guys wanna, wanna take the guy if there's a cost involved there. I don't know if you wanna be cost conscious, but you'd have to put together a whole weekend for the player. Like they do for Mr I. Yeah, Yeah. We, we drive him around the basketball court using Max's wheelchair. Yeah, it'd be fantastic. And they get and they can get as much lasagna as they want. Yeah. See It sounds like a heck of a weekend. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, thanks so much. See you buddy.


Chris Finch is gonna be brought to you by our great friends, our fantastic friends over at Gametime. It's live event season right now. Hank can you look up tickets for, let's look up Cubs, Phillies tickets. Cubs, Phillies tickets, sweet Guys, Wrigley Field. There's gonna be a lot of outta control. Philly trash there. Anybody in particular? I'll be there. I don't know about other Philly trash. No, it's talking about you. Oh, max will be there. He's probably worth the price of admission on his own. Just go buy Max a beer. That's, that's the day. Buy max beer Friday at Wrigley Field. He'll, Dr. He'll chug it. He'll chug it. Yeah, that's a, that's a guaranteed fact. Especially if it's one of those bats. One of the bats that's filled with beer. Yep. He'll drink a million of those. So at Wrigley Field on Friday, Philly's Cubs, what are we looking at? You can Get in the building for $14. 14 bucks. PFT 14 bucks. That, that Can't be true. That is gonna leave you a Lot. I'm looking at it right now on Gametime. A lot of beer Cash in the wallet for Max. Get your drinking pants on Buddy. And guess what else is here? NBA playoffs are here. The only place to buy the hard to get playoff tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. They've got the best last minute deals all in prices, views from your seat and the lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to tip off. You can save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets. Plus on April 22nd for Earth Day when you select and purchase a super deal, Gametime will plant a tree with the proceeds. If you're looking at those Cubs tickets or Hank tell you what, look up, look up the Celtics tickets. What are the Celtics tickets like in this series? It's gonna be a long, hard fought series against the magic. I'm sure that you're convinced it's probably gonna go to the distance, right Hank? No, I'm just gonna look at game two is on Wednesday. That's probably the last game of this series that you can go to in Boston. At least you can get in the building for $150. Okay, that's good for Celtics tickets. Yeah. Proud basketball sports Actually 138, take it back five deal. And guess what? It's gonna be less than that too. If it's your first time with Gametime, you download the app, create an account, use code PMT and you can take 20 bucks off your first purchase terms. Apply again, create an account, redeem code. PMT, get 20 bucks off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime


And now here's Chris Finch. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. It is Minnesota Timberwolves, head coach Chris Finch ahead of the playoffs. Just so that everyone knows we're taping this on Friday. They have game one Saturday night against the Lakers. We just told coach he's gotta try to really win this game. So that, so, so that on Monday when we run the interview everyone's like, man, Chris Finch, what a genius. Here's actually what you need to do. Don't tear your knee on Saturday night again. Okay. Because then, then this would be an awkward interview to run. How is your knee feeling and are you excited to actually be able to, to walk around this playoffs Knee's?


Feeling good. Thanks. It's been almost a year, so it should be good after this long. But yeah, no, we're excited to get started. It'd be fun to be back up on, on both legs for the playoffs again. Yeah, so so your knee, like, do you have a different strategy now going into this postseason? Like I I always think it's, it's similar to like being at a dog park where you gotta keep a little bend in your knee. 'cause a, a Labrador might jump and, you know, cut you from behind. Are you, do you have any new strategy on how you're gonna be standing in the box in the playoffs? Well, I mean, I don't, not necessarily well that I don't necessarily have a new strategy, but what I have, I have noticed is how many times, you know, people actually start coming your direction. You just, you you, your radar is is you know much better now when you realize that you could be taken out at any moment in time.


So I actually thought there was a benefit to that where you'd be less likely to get teed up by a ref if you're, you know, you got a big thing on your leg, you're like, oh, it's just, it is just me. Like you're less of a threat that way. True. Yeah. Well, sitting in the second row I could yell a little bit louder so I'm not, they could, they couldn't nearly tell where it was coming from sometimes, so. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So, alright, so we're getting ready for the playoffs. Your season has been interesting. One because you guys started off slow, you came on strong at the end. What was the, the big adjustment that you were able to make? Or was it just the guys fighting through things to get to a point where you're back to where you want to be in terms of a, a real contender in the West? Yeah, I think much, much, much of the credit goes to the guys, you know, just figuring it out over time.


You know, understanding what they had to do, sacrifices, role rotations being, you know, being ready to, to kind of change and adapt as the season was going along. The biggest thing was, was really our offense. And our offense was struggling out of the gate. We had a lot of turnovers, ball was sticky, spacing issues, the normal stuff. But, you know, you gotta remember we made that trade literally 48 hours before we opened up training camp and Julius came into training camp, still nursing the very last, you know, kind of remnants of the shoulder off season, shoulder surgery. So we really didn't have him for much of preseason anyway.


So it took us a while to kind of figure out, you know, how to best play with him and around him. And once we started to do that early to mid-December, you know, I could feel like the team getting better, the momentum building, you know, and maybe we wouldn't, weren't always getting the results, but it just felt a lot more like the team that I knew we could become. Yeah, Yeah. And you got a a, a big matchup in the first round here and you know, obviously JJ is somebody that, you know, you went on his podcast. Do you, do you look back at that and be like, I feel like JJ just asked me on his podcast that he could get info on me so that if he played in the playoffs he'd be able to use that against me?


Well, I mean, yeah, it was fun being on J'S podcast, but I I don't remember talking about much other than jj. Alright, is there any element like in a pre-game speech before the series starts where you do like a little like, Hey, I'm Chris Finch, you know, I was, I was a, a lower level player, I play, I grinded it out, I played in Europe and then you got the pretty boy JJ Reddick who we're friends with Duke and all the accolades and a first, you know, a first round pick. Like you gotta, you gotta beef up that narrative and be like, Hey, we're the dogs here? Yeah, no, I mean we might play, we might play up on the underdog story, but it won't involve me. I assure you that one thing that, you know, in the NBA, nobody cares where you've come from.


No one cares what you've done before. We all got here through different channels, you know, all that matters is, you know, what the heck you're doing and you know, you're fighting for your teammates and you and, and you know, guys have confidence in that, so Yeah. Yeah, you guys are a very fun team to watch. You're a very gritty team. We do. Which I, I appreciate, obviously Ant gets a lot of the accolades, but is there somebody that you would say, you know, taking him out, who's the most important player? Maybe not the best, but the most important player for you? Yeah, I mean, I mean, Rudy Gobert is just so impactful on both sides of the ball. I think, you know, Rudy is a very polarizing player in the league, but, you know, having been with him now for three years, like he just, his his, his value cannot be overestimated.


It's just so important to everything that we do. You know, he brings it every single night, you know, and it, it takes a, takes a while for, for guys to, to learn to play with Rudy where you can really maximize him and he can help you. So he would certainly be up there And we have so many guys that are just so important to our success. You got Mike Conley, I mean, he's just kind of humming away in the background all the time, just super steady when we need him to step up and do more, you know, more of scoring. He does it easy seamlessly. Jayden McDaniels just kind of just took another big step forward for us this year. I think his growth and becoming a legitimate two-way player has been very, very important.


Yeah, it's, it is really hard to just single out a single one guy. We've had so many guys with great seasons, Nikita Alexander Walker has been in many ways our most consistent guy from day one this season. Both sides of the ball just really settled into his role. It's fun to watch him kind of become the player that he's become, you know, after some early struggles in the league, which is not unusual for a lot of guys who come in the league with a lot of expectation and, and put a lot of pressure on themselves. It takes him a, a minute to figure it out. But since he's been with us, it's just been such a joy to watch and he's, he's been so important. Yeah.


Alright, so I I, I saw some of social media, which you, you've had comments on saying that using Joe Ingles as your Luca you know, model in practice is not gonna work. What is he able to do though, to replicate it? 'cause it does, maybe he's not, he's not Luca, but he also has a lot of smarts and, and you're able to maybe give you looks. So how does that work when you're, when you're trying to mimic a player like Luca and how you're gonna defend him in a series? Well, of course it's, you know, it, if we had an exact Luca replica, we'd probably be a 70 win team, right? So no, nobody can go out and replicate these players in practice.


But Joe is extremely intelligent. He is an unbelievable pick a role player. You know, he understands like all the different coverages that a team would try to employ and he can understand how to try to manipulate that or take advantage of it. So, you know, it's, it, it's, it's what we've, you know, we're fortunate enough to have him in a lot of ways. His leadership has been great for us and our young players this year. He hasn't been on court as much as we thought when we did sign him, but that was before the trade happened And we got Dante And we got a little deeper as a result. But all that being said, Joe has a incredible amount of experience and he can bring that to, you know, our preparation.


He, I I got a free tip for you, you don't have to take it, but have you thought about, we saw Luca go back to Dallas, he was very emotional when he saw the video. Have you thought about maybe playing into that, maybe playing the same video when he comes to Minnesota? Maybe we get a couple fans wearing Luca Mavs jerseys in the front row, maybe changing some of your play calls to just be like Dallas Mavericks, like over and over just to keep reminding him about the Mavs and get in his head a little bit. Yeah, I think we're gonna leave Luca alone. Okay. Alright. Hey listen, I said free tip, you didn't have to take it, but just something to think about. Maybe you pencil In a little unibrow on Rudy. That might be a good, yeah, get inside his head a little bit.


Just have him constantly be thinking about Dallas instead of thinking about the Minnesota Timberwolves. All right, will do. Are you guys, like what's a, what's the difference for, for a casual fan watching in the regular season as opposed to the playoffs in terms of how you approach it as a head coach? Are there anything, is there anything that you're gonna be doing differently for game one as opposed to if you were to play the Lakers in, I don't know, early February? Well, I think, you know, yeah, there's certainly, you, you're dialed into another level of game plan preparation. I think sometimes in the league you play a game might be a back to back. You're playing on a quick turnaround. You have your base defense, you know what you're trying to do, and you make the adjustments.


Might be small, you know, might be nothing super radical. And I don't think you go into the, into the playoffs being radical either. But you do have a week's worth of game planning preparation and you can go through a lot of different scenarios, whether it be plan B, plan C, you know, that kind of stuff. You, you become a lot more matchup focused I would think. And also you just, you know, you try to take things away and you put a lot of time and energy and effort into that. So there are some pretty big differences. I would say that is one of the huge advantages of, you know, avoiding the playing is that you have a week to kind of maybe reinvent yourself along certain lines.


Yeah, So, so in a game to game, 'cause I, I love watching the playoffs because it feels like every game you see, you know, adjustments and counter adjustments. Yeah. From a coach's perspective, you go into a series, is it just a total feel of like, okay, now it's time to adjust after say, game one? Or is it sometimes you're like, Hey, we gotta just trust what we came in here with and maybe not adjust till it's elimination time? Or how does that really work where you're weighing like, Hey, let's do something totally different after game one because we gotta change it otherwise we're gonna be in trouble quickly. Yeah, it's a great question. I think that's a, that's based, that strikes at the heart of what playoff coaching really is.


It's certainly, you gotta be ready to make adjustments, willing to make adjustments, but sometimes, you know, you gotta just do it better. And so that's a feel thing. You'll, it's kind of like, you'll know it when you see it sometimes and you, there's a lot, you know, in the playoffs there's a lot of outside noise. Everybody's talking about, you know, game one and what's gonna happen with game two. And there's so many extremes and, you know, everyone thinks what's just happened is always what's gonna happen. Again, it's just not the case. You know, I think one thing that's kind of stands out when you see a lot of the Playoffs in the modern era is you'll see a lot of blowouts in the Playoffs. You never used to see blowouts in the playoffs 25, 30 years ago, unless it was a one eight series, you know, but you know, now you'll see, you'll see a team that's favored, they might get dumped by 20 plus points one night, you know?


So I do think that, you know, the, there's a course a a reaction overreaction cycle that goes on here. And the last thing I'd say about adjustments is that you gotta be able to make 'em, because you know, you gotta be able to execute 'em. You have to have it in your arsenal. Like the obvious thing might be to, let's say, switch everything, or not switch something or go, you have to still be able to do it. Like your personnel has to lend itself to be able to do these things. So it's not like you can just go out and do things that your personnel is not capable of delivering or, or, or systematically you can't be that radical and change everything, so, or you're not gonna be very good at it either.


Right. So it's, it's kind of a balancing act there. Yeah. I I also am curious the, like going up against a guy like Luca, and obviously LeBron is LeBron, but the mentality of a player that you're coaching and trying to explain to them that like, hey, he's probably gonna get 30, like we, we gotta make it harder for him to get 30, but he's gonna probably get 30. And how, how you get someone to like mentally be locked in where it's like if someone puts 30 up naturally you're gonna be like, man, I, I didn't do well tonight, but it, Luca's such an incredible offensive player and you could say the same for Ant, where it's like, hey, it doesn't matter. We know he's gonna do that. It's just trying to make it as difficult as possible with him and keeping everyone like knocked down on themselves when he does go for 35.


Yeah, that's, you know, that's the, that's the choice we make coming into a lot of these games, whether it be playoffs or regular season, it's really hard to stop star players, you know, it's hard to take 'em outta the game completely. And if you do, so of course you're leaving other things wide open so you're daring other people to beat you. And some of that is, you know, that I think that goes to a different level in the playoffs. I think there's, you'll see a lot of that just guys who are quote unquote unguarded to, to, so we can, you know, put more time and attention to the star player or take away something that a team really is trying to do.


But we also have the benefit of like measuring efficiency. Now it's in game And we can, if you're gonna give 30 points on 27 shots, you know, that generally that's a, a good win. That's a win for the defense as long as you're not fouling at a high rate too. So, you know, the, the, it takes a mental toughness. I have a great admiration for a lot of these players like Jayden McDaniels types, who gets that matchup every single night, you know, who's gotta go out there and battle and it doesn't look like he might win. You know, we played Denver this year and you know, of course Joch had 61 on us one time. The time before that he had 36, but you know, in the 36 point game we felt we had done a really good job on 'em.


So, and that was largely Rudy's matchup that night And we didn't do a lot of doubling And we didn't do a lot of gimmicky stuff, so it was just him and Rudy and, you know, sometimes it's just about a war of attrition. Can you wear 'em down and hopefully they miss one of the shots at the end. Yeah, Yeah. You guys have had some, some incredible comebacks too. I'm thinking to last year against the Nuggets is one, I think Oklahoma City this year, you might've been down by even more against Oklahoma City. When you came back, have you considered not getting down by 25 points and just playing with the lead the entire game? No, I, I haven't actually, we, we actually say let's get down big and race back and forth and it'll be exciting for everyone. Yeah, no, I mean, as a coach that must be like, it's gotta be a great feeling when your team executes.


You're never out of it. You're able to come back. But also the first three quarters have to be excruciating to be like, we're, I can't believe we're losing by 20 right now. Well I would tell you this, we just lost a game to the Milwaukee Bucks where we're up 24 to start the fourth And we lost in the fourth quarter and that was far more excruciating than being down for three quarters of winning. So that's the league today though, you know, these massive swings. I think that's what makes the league super exciting right now. Not just the style of play, the pace of play, the three point shot. I love the fact that the league has let more defense come back in. I think that's also aided in a lot of these runs and these big swings.


So yeah, I think it's, it starts with defense, you know, of course you never want to be down, but it starts with your defense and if you can play defense and get stops, you can turn any game around now with the pace of play and the three point shooting. Yeah. Would you say that you have better blobs or sls? That's a good question. I would say we're probably better blobs and swab. Okay. Okay. Do you have like two or three blobs that you're like, these are, do you have a blob that you, you have like breaking case of emergency? Yeah, we have a few of those. Yeah. I love That. I love that. Do you have a couple that you're like, I I would, if I were a coach, I would just have one blob that's like, I'm not gonna break this out until like game seven of the finals.


Like this is my, yeah, this is the best blob I've ever come up with. Well, you know, it's funny you say that because every year we do this, you know, we, we have plays that we hold back for special situations and then maybe you never get to those special situations and they're really, really good plays. So you'll go the whole season and maybe never run it, but one time. So we've started rethinking some of that. We figure like we might as well run this stuff just at any old time because if we feel it's good, it's, you know, we might as well try it. Yeah, yeah. If I had a blob that I was in love with, I, I could tell myself that I'm, I'm saving it for the NBA finals, but then I'm coaching the All-Star game. I'm like, we really need a bucket right now.


I would not, I would not have the discipline to be able to hold onto my blob for that long. So. So credit to you. Yeah. Have you seen the All-Star game? It's pretty easy to get a bucket. It is, It is. Yeah. But actually my two blobs I think would be the AlleyOOP off the blob and then the throw the ball off the guy's back when he is looking away. Yeah. And then catch that. Those are the only two I would ever run. I'd be very easy, easily defeated. You were talking about efficiency earlier. Do you believe in long twos? 'cause when, when I'm watching NBA games, my favorite two things to say are, you don't need a three here when you're down big late. Yeah. And then that's an inefficient shot if somebody takes a long two. What's your philosophy on those? Yeah, I think there's, you know, of course I believe in the long two, it's part of the game for sure.


I think there's definitely a time and a place to use it. You know, when we talk about shot selection with our guys, we have built in kind of that shot in certain contexts. What I would say is that like, you know, you gotta make a lot of them to be really good. And with the number of threes that are shot in the league right now, it's just hard to keep pace sometimes if you're just gonna live with the twos, which a lot of teams are willing to do defensively. So I always tell tell our guys, you know, when it comes to hard shots or whatever, like, you know, it, it's, it's, you can make that shot.


No one's denying that you can't, might be at 45%, which is pretty good. It might be at 50%, which is great, but most likely it's in the low forties. You, it's just really hard to make a living on that shot. So, you know, you just gotta be so, so good at it in such high volume that just to counter what's going on at the other end of the floor more than anything else. Yeah. So Anthony Edwards, who's a phenom and last year was kind of his like coming out party in the playoffs. Obviously he was good before that, but that was like the, the national coming out party. When you're, when you're coaching him, are there games where you're like, you see it in his eyes or he tells you something and it's like, okay, we can just, just let Ant do what he wants to do because he's got it right now.


Like is that a, is that a feel thing or does he actually say it to you like, Hey coach, I got this tonight. Like I'm, I'm feeling great. I mean, it's a, it's more of a feel thing. It's a look thing you can tell since, since I've got, since I got here, which was in the midst of Ann's rookie year, you know, you could tell, I remember his first 40 point game, which was against Phoenix shortly after the All-Star break. It was kind of an awakening for him. He has incredible confidence in himself and his ability to, to, to go out and do his thing always has, even before he had figured out how to do it largely.


But once he started to kind of figure it out, you know, he's, he's always had this incredible sense for the moment within a game of like knowing when to take over and it could be defensively too. And then he gets on these mini runs and he could turn a quarter or turn a game around in a heartbeat. And it's, it's pretty cool to watch you, you know, kind of know when it's coming 'cause you can feel it. He makes a few momentum plays for himself or his teammates. And that's one of the things I think, you know, he is learned a lot in those, in these few, the early years. He's, you know, he's way more thinking the game than he had early on.


I do think one thing that I've always let him do is, I mean, we've coached him hard. We've, we've held him accountable, coached him hard, but we give him incredible amount of freedom to figure it out. And I think that was the only way he was gonna learn, you know, if he went into a super, you know, overly structured kind of patterned environment, I'm not sure that that would've benefited him early on. If he went into a system where there was a ton of like off ball movement and cutting and reading and all that kinda stuff. I'm not sure that would've benefited him early on. Like now he understands that, but, but just kind of giving him a big platform to, to do his thing and what was most comfortable for him allowed these moments that you're talking about to come about.


Yeah. Do I, do you ever catch yourself like watching the jumbotron a little too much when, when they're replaying a dunk or something that a big moment from him? Yeah, no doubt. It's been some of those dunks that have a front row seat for I think most of 'em happen has have happened right in front of the bench too, which has been kind of cool. Yeah. Yeah. What's he like in practice? Has he done things in practice that just amaze you? Yeah, like he, in practice, he, he'll he'll just take over part of practice. You know, one thing we preached to him when he was, you know, early on was like, you know, if you want to be the best player on a team, like you gotta, you gotta prove it to your teammates in practice. That's where if you could dominate a practice, you just take over. You know, he's not dunking on everybody in practice, but he'll, you know, we go live and we're playing and, and the competitiveness is there in practice, you know, which is, we don't often go live at NBA practice once we get out of preseason, but during preseason he'll definitely have these days, you know, in a row where he's setting the tone and he is letting everybody know how good he is.


Yeah, Yeah. So we talked about Luca's play from a coaching perspective, are you, do you have a game plan or are you maybe like getting yourself hyped up before the game being like, I can't let Luca out complain me to the refs. Like I have to be ready for his complaining to the refs. I have to match that. Like are you saying looking in the mirror and being like, Hey, you're the coach, you can't let him get to the rest before I get to the refs? No, I that no, that's, that's kind of a losing battle. I'm not sure you're gonna, you're gonna, that one. I think for what's important for us, this series is for us to stay super focused on the game.


Leave the officials alone. That's the coaches and the players included. Yeah. Yeah. That might be a good strategy. Just be like, never say anything to 'em and let Luca kind of out complain himself and just let him burn out the refs. You know, you can go silence, give the silent treatment to the refs. You Could also learn Slovenian and then translate what Luca is saying so that the, you're like, Hey, he just cussed at you. Yeah, That's right. You couldn't understand It, but well help this. I'll, I'll just make up Slovenian. Yeah. And then I don't have to learn it. And then I can say what I wanna say then. And that's also, it's also very smart. Are there any words that'll get you teed up that, that maybe we don't know about? Well, the word bozo got me thrown out of the game earlier this season. What was The context?


Didn't really, it was that offensive, but yeah. Yeah. So What was the context in that? Oh God. It was, I just, I was actually having a sidebar conversation with Bradley Beal and you know, the official kind of overheard it, so Bozo, I do feel like bozo, that one stings. Yeah. Like it's, you know, calling somebody a clown. The the ref is gonna have rabbit ears for that. Was that the only word that you said? Well, after he threw me out, I think I had a few more words for him, but yeah. But that was, that was kind it, you know, but yeah. You know, all these things are, they, they're all happen in context and sometimes what I always find after the, after the fact, you, I always think like, what, you know, what were you so angry about?


You know, how did it get to that point? You have these kind of reflective moments where you, you're a little ashamed of yourself, so Yeah. Are are, is there though in your head, like a strategic tech that you can take? Because we saw it in like the national championship game where the second half started and it was the, the, the refereeing was going one way and then Todd, golden Florida's coach got a tech and it then flipped and it was like, I don't know if he did it on purpose, but is there in your head like, Hey, there's a time when I should take a tech here to try to maybe bring a little bit more, you know, balance to the game. Yeah, I think we all, you know, reserve that. Right. And we've all done that, you know, I'll prob probably use that less about the flow of the game, more about protecting the players.


Yeah. You know, so they don't, so they don't get one or they don't get super frustrated or they know that somebody else is fighting the fight with them. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Have You, what was the first meeting between you and Arod? Like when he was like, Hey, I'm gonna come in here, might own the team. I'm trying to think back. So it, it was cool, pretty cool. They, he and Mark Lori came in, they talked to us before practice one day. Just trying to think. That was way back in kind of the covid, still the Covid period after, you know, and so it was just kinda limited. People were around the team at that point in time anyway. But yeah, they've been great. You know, they've, they've had a really positive impact on the energy of the team.


I, you know, one thing I really like about Alex is, you know, having played high level sports, he, you know, he understands what like a winning environment looks and feels like and those cultures, but yet, you know, he is not a basketball guy, so he doesn't walk around pretend to know basketball, but he is super inquisitive. He'll ask a lot of questions, asks a lot of really good questions, and he wants to be educated very, very appropriate. You know, Mark's similar, Mark's the same, like Mark's really, really smart. He is. He loves the numbers. He's in, into analytics. He builds his own models on whether, you know, trades or draft, you know, all that stuff. But he's not questioning us about pick and roll coverages and substitutions and rotations and all that.


So they've been really, really pleasure, pleasure to have around and, you know, look forward to the, the future with them. Yeah. Alright, so coach, I got one last question. It's been so much fun. We appreciate you joining


us Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase, QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take,


you had a, you had a, a comment to the, to the media the other day where you're like, Hey, I could just go on Twitter. Everyone knows how to coach better than me. I found this guy named Ball Lover 69 69, said, Chris Finch is a fucking idiot. I could do the rotations better than him. Do you, do you wanna maybe take his criticism? Should we connect you with him? No, man, I think he's probably right. You know, it's just, this is pretty easy. We just, you know, we just throw up any old person that we think so can do the job out there and you know, we just kind of go from there. I also made up that one, but I did, I, you actually, I looked, I looked for Chris Finch idiot, and it wasn't as much as you'd think, so I think you're doing an okay job.


Like it wasn't, it wasn't that bad. Oh, you gotta wear the throwback jerseys or is that the plan? The white throwback jerseys that say wolves on 'em? No, that was last year's that Those are the cleanest jerseys. I think those might be the best jerseys in the, in the NBA right now. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta bring 'em back. Yeah, we were, I was disappointed that we didn't have those in the, in the rotation this year, so, okay. But hey, if you wanna hear a good one, so Chris Finch idiot, I'm sure it's out there. You just probably didn't look hard enough. When I was living in England, I lived, lived in England for about 10 years and that was at the height of the office, the British version of the office and the, one of the characters there who was Todd Packer?


Like Todd Packer's equivalent. The outside sales guy. Yep. His name was Chris Finch. So that was some fun years because he was basically like the village idiot in that show. And so everybody kind of, you know, latched onto that and tried to, you know, rope my name into it. Oh, That's funny. That's A tough one. Yeah. Yeah. I, if You Look up Chris Finch bozo on Twitter, you will find a, a couple comments. That's, that's way worse than calling you an idiot. Yeah. These guys should all be blocked. Yeah. Alright, well coach best of luck in the playoffs and, and great having you on. Okay. Appreciate it guys. Thanks man.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. That adds up fast. But with Better Help Online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. And this month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that I've ever offered on this show. 90% off your first week guys, don't miss this. Therapy should feel accessible, not like luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything from anxiety to everyday stress. I've gone to therapy in the past, I've benefited from it tremendously. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with a click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit Better help.com/pmt today. Get 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com/pmt.


Okay, let's do numbers. The Warriors have one game. One, welcome to the Playoffs. Rockets. Listen, everybody Wants to crown the Oklahoma City Thunder. The Warriors look really good. They do. Everybody out there is putting so much respect on them. Feels a little bit disrespectful to to the onetime champs, the Warriors, the, the onetime champs. Yeah. Well, I mean at 1.0 yeah, at one point former champs, the, i I give credit to the Rockets for fighting. I thought that game was over. Yeah, they fought back, made it like a four point game. But yeah, warriors different. I think this would be a good series, but little welcome to the, to the NBA plus.


All the young teams, the rockets. What Continue All the young teams that are welcoming themselves to the playoffs, the rockets, the Pistons, the magic. Were in the playoffs last year, but tough. Any other young teams? Well, the Thunder were in the Playoffs last year. Oh, just this Year. Got it. I'm saying the Rockets like they haven't, they had a really good season, but they're very young. Same with the Pistons. Might be a year too early for 'em. And that kind of went the same way where it's like fourth quarter the the older team, the veteran team. Like, hey, this is winning time. I agree. Yeah. Okay. Numbers three 19. Oh, memes didn't have his fucking thing.


I have to adjust the camera. Did you want three? No, I'll go 17 for take. Take three Now. For What? You keep three. You keep three? Okay. I'll keep three. Whatcha he going in 17 for J? That guy who won WrestleMania number 17. Oh, we don't say his name. Yeah, we don't say his name. Travis Scott. Travis Scott. Champ. I think people were upset about WrestleMania. You know what put me in that in that camp. I'm fucking pissed. Yeah, I'm pissed too. I wanted Cody Rhodes to win. This Is the rock's fault. Yeah. 99 put Go 89. Sure. What did you say? PFT 93 memes.


I see by the way. Alright, we'll do the number. See I'm probably gonna get it. I'm probably gonna get 3 0 94. So close Bees. I see that you're running with this. I'm never gonna get the 50 50 lottery. Yeah, you're never gonna get it. Yeah, never. The, the thing that it's like I do probably 20 times a year and it's a one in like 20,000 chance versus the thing you do three times a week. One in a hundred chance. Yours is technically 50 50. That's a good counterpoint. Yeah. Good. All right. Let's do one more three. Damnit. 19, 17 60, Just 61.


99, 34. I feel like 34 has been hot. That's double 17 memes. Love you guys.