
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. Week 10. In the NFL we've got a lot to talk about. We had a great game and the Steelers Commanders, the Bears season is very much over. Patriots win. Eagles win. Jet season is over. We're gonna talk about every single game. We're gonna start with Fastest Two Minutes. We're gonna do who's back of the week. It's a football Monday with PMT and


it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings, the NBA's. Finally back, here's a way to get even more into the action following your favorite players playing. Pick six from DraftKings, an official partner of the NBA. It's super simple To get started. First download the DraftKings Pick six app, then select two or more players and choose if they will have more or less of a stat like points, rebounds, three pointers and more. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including California, Texas, Georgia, Missouri, and more. And for all, first time pick six players. Check this out. New customers play $5 and get $50 in. Pick six credits. Hoop it up all season long with the newest, most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 and get $50 in. Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Gambling Problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction void. Were prohibited. One per new customer non withdrawal. Pick six credits expire in six months. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Hey, yeah, take. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Hoop it up all season long with the newest, most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 and get $50 in.


Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, November 11th. Week 10. What? What? 11. 11. Happy. Happy Veteran's Day. Veterans Day. To my dear close personal friend, Kellen Winslow. What? He's a soldier. We start in Germany where America finally got revenged for World War II By forcing them to watch the Panthers and Giants play football. Danny Dimes translates to Danny Deutschmark and his stock is currently sitting stacked up. In a 1933 wheelbarrow, Chubb l Ron Hubbard was reached the executive division of his career after signing a massive extension and running for a buck 50 in a score, the Giants defense put up the softest resistance.


Since the French army, the Mao line on the field is not official. Boom. The Panthers have a winning streak, huh? Oh, the Panthers 20 Giants 17. What? What We come back stateside to Indianapolis, where Bill's head coach Sean mc Tologist, clogged all the pores on his defensive line. Joe Blacko, the Al couldn't fly straight and got smashed by the bill Super Bowl window throwing three picks on the day. Tyler big mouth belly bass was given the Anthony Soreto Richardson Fever dreams that he should be back as a cult starter as Indy drops another one and no one circles wagon. Wagons like Buffalo.


Bills the bells. 30, the Col 20 over to Kansas City where the Broncos may have found their knee diamond in the rough. As I saw his face. Now I'm a believer as Bo Nicks led the Broncos to two first half touchdown drives. Cortland Sutton about Mary had sticky hands on his touchdown. And Vince Devon VA scored as well. Telling the Broncos to lock it up. No, you lock it up. And it was locked up until the Chiefs went into superhero mode. Teenage Kansas City turtles, Leonardo blocks, kicks and Patrick scores. Tds as Chanel blocks the game winning kick, keeping the Chiefs undefeated on the season at nine and oh Chiefs 16 Broncos 14.


I wrote down the wrong team name there. Teach. That was good ad lib. Boom. Thanks. Teach. We go down to Washington in our nation's capital where JaMarcus Russell Wilson has the Steelers leaning towards the top of their division as he found Pat Breonna Chicken Friar Mo for a touchdown making the cornerback look like the smallest man alive. Did, did you hear they're calling What? They're calling Zach Bryant. They're calling him NDA young boy. Oh, did you hear that shit? I heard about that. Jeremy McNichol back scored a touchdown and saw Zach ERT looking like a rock star and get called short. Take a look at this photograph. Looks like a first down.


That's catch. How the hell is that? Not a first down the parallax angle's wrong. The Steelers 28, the Commanders 27 in Chicago. Where Henry Lockwood's on the scene down to the South Loop where we have a Battle of Bears. Verse Pats. Huh? Is this an NFL game or an episode of out and about? Ha ha ha. Joey Fatone Sly was in sync with his holder as he got the scoring started in the first quarter before Drake may, through Jaylin Polk a dot for a touchdown. Joey Sly Stallone said, if I could change, you could change.


Everybody can change. As he got the scoring started in the third quarter, second half with another field goal. And then Joey Sly Cooper snuck two more through the uprights as the Pats beat up on the Bears. 19 to three. Thank you, Hank in Los Angeles, where Goodwill Hunting Le Leva returned to the starter role after Brian Callahan told him it's not your fault. And he was able to find Calvin. Calvin Harris Ridley for two scores, making Titans fans feel so close to watching a real offense. After a couple of ugly divorces from head coaches, Justin Herbert Reynolds got the longest yard rushing for a touchdown on Sunday and throwing another one.


And the Chargers get the win Chargers 27 Titan 17. We head down to Dallas where Max is there on the sea. We head over to Dallas, we're big AJ Brown and the Eagles. Get up Boo and old JJ Jones and the Cowboys get up do Johnny Cass Wilson told the Cowboys fans, I will make you hurt. As he secured the first touchdown of his career. Quinn and Billy Mitchell continues to put up video game numbers as he once again locked up another top receiver in the NFL Eagles.


34 Cowboys six. Great job Max Pullman Dom. I like that. We then head to the desert where memes watch the Jets In Arizona, where Rick James Connor said to Woody Johnson, fuck your team Woody. As he scored the team's first touchdown Marvin's room, Harrison said to the Jets defense, are you drunk right now? I'm just saying you could play better. Trey Danny McBride said, I'm fricking pumped. I've been drinking green tea all goddamn day as he trucked. Ah, Maud Gardner. And it looks like Aaron, Steve Rogers is going to try some of that life Tom Brady was talking about and walk off into the darkness. Cardinals 31, Jets six.


That was side beams, very side beams. We finished out in Tampa Bay where Jake Moody, moody, moody, Moony missing everywhere, struggled early, missing three field goals and almost put the 49 ERs back in the mud. But here I am pro you. Like a Purdy Kane was able to drive late and give his kicker another shot for the game. Winner Ricky Better Call Pearsall is no longer a witness protection scoring his first career touchdown and Los Angeles Laker Mayfield had a JJ Red Dick after sticking it into the Niners raw, but it wasn't enough in the end. The Niners 23, the box 20, And that is week 10.


Fastest Two Minutes.


There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado is a partner, a partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of, Pardon My Take. Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride across the country to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year, Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week 10 in the books. It was an interesting Sunday starting in Germany. We had the worst afternoon slate, I think of all time, which we will get to, but we're gonna, we're going to talk about some games, talk about some teams. The sickos and perverts have lined up for this episode. I was convinced by after the, the early slate, I was convinced that the Eagles and the Jets would lose in the afternoon so that it would just be, Hank would be the sole winner on this show. The Eagles ended up winning easily, but we have misery to cha to, to throw around. Yeah. Big big day for the couch. Boys throw I'm in the wrong spot. Oh, you, oh yeah.


Max supposed to be on the couch. The Winner's couch. Yeah, the winner's couch. Okay. Should we get into the games though, boys? Let's talk about it. Alright, let's get into it. So we started in Germany. Did you wake up for it? Because I did. I did. Well, I, I, yeah, I woke up at six 30, so yeah, I was up. Yeah, it was, it was a tough game to be Giants fan. Yeah. Now we talked about how the, the owners of the Giants, the Mera family, they told Brian Dbol that they weren't going to fire him. They made a public statement about that. Yes. And then we went back And we looked at the last two coaches that they've said that to. And those last two coaches were fired before the end of that season. Correct. I didn't think that they, I don't think that they should Fire Day, but today actually made me look like an idiot for saying that because it did look like a team that quit.


Yeah. And you could see it in a lot of the small things like the, the punt returner, getting a personal foul after he caught the ball and then throwing a pun like an open-handed punch. Yeah. They're bad. And then he goes to the sidelines and then he just sits there on the sidelines by himself without having like a coach come up to him and be like, Hey dude, what the fuck are you doing? You're hurting the whole team. That's the dumbest thing you can do. That is, that's the mark of a, I'm gonna say poorly coached Football. Yeah, it is. So, so Panthers 20 Giant 17. I, I, I want talk about the Giants, but I wanted to give the Panthers, they don't get anything. Yeah. The Panthers are a sad organization. They've been a laughing stock for the last, like a, a true laughing stock for the last three years. David Tepper's completely put them in, in the dumpster and they finally have a winning streak for the first time since 2022.


So I want to give them credit because Bryce Young, maybe not the numbers, but the poise, you can tell that he has gotten, he's more comfortable and, you know, maybe sitting him for those few games was huge for his development, because we talked about on Friday, but the Giants were leading the league in Sacks. They only sacked him once today. He was moving around, he was, you know, he, he extended some plays with his feet. He made some big throws at the end of the game. I like, maybe I'm back into believing in Bryce Young, but either way, it, it looks like he is getting better, which is something that you couldn't have said at the beginning of this season. Yeah. So Bryce had a couple plays where in the past he, he drops back, he feels pressure and then you can see him say, oh shit, during a play.


And then he panics and freaks out. Yeah. And today he was like moving decisively. Yeah. He wasn't stopping to think in the middle of plays and be like, oh, this is fucked up. He was like making that decision a half second sooner than he normally would. And he did look good. I thought he looked good in the first half next week, I believe. Let's see, I think they have a buy and then the Chiefs, Yeah, they have a buy, but they, that could be, That could be bad for them. But they, you won two in a row, Two in a rows first time since week 14 in 2022. And Bryce's Bryce's trade value just skyrocketed. It Did. And, and, and Tuba Hubbard is awesome. He got signed to an extension and then he came out and he delivered 153 yards in a touchdown. He was running all over them. The, the Panthers have like no weapons.


Everyone's hurt. They traded Deontay Johnson and they found a way to win this game. And I know that it doesn't really mean anything because they're still bad, but it still means something in the fact that Bryce Young looks a little better. And like any little like, glimmer of hope is, is nice to be like, Hey, maybe we're moving a little bit in the right direction. So I feel happy for Panthers fans, especially when you have to wake up early to watch that game. You don't wanna watch a game where you lose. And they looked like they were gonna lose it until Tyrone Tracy fumbled in overtime, which you should be happy if you're a Giants fan because at this point you should be tanking. You should be. Daniel Jones should not play another snap. He should not play another snap because he has, he has the, remember Russell Wilson last year and there's a Jimmy, was it Jimmy?


No, it was Derek Carr a couple years ago, where if he gets injured, his money becomes guaranteed and you can cut him this year and it's, you don't have to pay him any more money and it's like a $22 million cap hit. You should not play him another down of football this year. Well, let's embrace debate Big Cat, because you said that they should tank, they should be hoping for the lowest draft pick possible. Yes. If you play, now, if you play Drew Locke, drew Locke's gonna do some fuck shit. He Is, but, But he might win you a couple games that you might not win otherwise. But Part of tanking is also clearing your salary cap going forward. And you don't want to have have to pay Daniel Jones another dollar once you cut him after, I think it's the fifth day of the new league year. The risk reward on playing Daniel Jones is, is it worth it to keep him in the game to increase draft value and, and to have a, a higher draft pick?


Is that worth the risk of getting him injured and having to pay him more money and put you in cap? Hell, Yes. I, that's a, it's a good question. That's up for debate. I Think. I think he just rolled the dice with Drew Locke. I also think as a Giants fan, you probably just don't want to deal with Daniel Jones anymore. He is so bad. He's, I I, I tweeted during the game. He's breathtakingly bad because there were a couple plays. There was the one where he just threw one, I think it might've been to neighbors, where he threw it like 20 feet over his head and it was maybe a seven yard out. And then the flee flicker, which was perfectly dialed up, two wide open receivers. And he somehow got sacked on that. And that's not even mentioning the interceptions in the red zone where the first one that he got tipped.


But it was tipped at a lot. Like I, I think Jude, Damian Klon was directly in his face. And the second one, he couldn't have thrown a ball to a worse placement when they were trying to score. And he threw it on like all the way on Tyrone Tracy's back shoulder. He's so bad. And he's so bad. And, and I have to give Daniel Jones a little bit of credit because somehow he has, he has made $108 million being as bad as he has been six years. He's played in the NFL. He's 24 and 44 as a starting quarterback. It, you should tip your hat. Like I, I don't know how he did it. Even the year that he was like, you know, the year that he was incredible. He wasn't that incredible. He was just, hi, the bar was so low that they're like, oh shit, he looks like he's building something.


Yeah, You do have to give him credit. He's an all time bag getter. And he somehow he managed to convince everybody, like, okay, let's, let's give him a little bit more time to develop. He's a time to develop King. So I, I don't think that that has any more runway for him. I don't think that there's anybody out there saying like, we still need to see what Daniel Jones can do. Let's give him time in the system. And the Craziest part about Daniel Jones is like, when he was picked outta Duke, everyone was like, that's a bad pick. And then it was like, he's bad. He's never at any point been like, oh my God, he's an incredible quarterback. He deserves all this money. He's just been mediocre to bad his entire career and he's made $108 million. I tip my cap to him. You Know what? I wanna tip my cap to the, the fans on draft night that freaked out.


Yeah. Big E got big E nailed It guy big because there were, it was big E at the, at the front of it. I saw some other people that were shamed during the season where Daniel Jones didn't look that bad. There were people that were shamed. They brought them like on television. Do you remember that? Yeah. And they said, will you, will you take back your draft night take, how bad do you feel right now? They got in their face with a camera and they tried to convince them that they, they got gaslit. Yeah. For that season. Those guys need justice. Yeah, they do. They should bring the people that interviewed them onto TV and be like, apologize to me now. Yeah. Yeah. Tommy Smokes also said he might leave fan base if Daniel Jones gets drafted. That was on draft night. He did then come around and say he's the guy when he got his contract extension.


But that, listen, I, I trust your instinct on draft night should count. Like everyone can be fooled if you win some games, get to a playoffs. Can you find the big EV video? Because he was, he, it was an all time video and he nailed it. Yeah. Yeah. That's, he deserves all the credit in the world that That's the opposite of an old takes exposed. Yeah. These people were Right. And the people that old takes exposed them. They got the old takes now. Yeah. Right. So it's, I mean it's just, it's, oh here's, here's Big E This is the, this is the moment that he gets drafted. Oh my God, this is such a great video. Hey, Just so you know, ESPN rated Daniel Jones. Why you fucking stupid?


Whatcha doing? Whatcha doing? He comes from an athletic family. Athletic, Athletic zero star recruit. Josh Allen. Oh, Josh Allen's gonna be in a gold jacket. Oh man. No, I mean he, yes, yes. He's right. This, this is a correct man. And we told him he was wrong. Oh man, that's so brutal. You know what I think was baked into that Take two is the fact that he knew that Daniel Jones was built in a lab for the mayor family to fall in love with. Yes. Right? Yes. And he knew, he somehow saw the future of nice enough guy, very soft spoken looks kind of like a manning.


Yeah. And if he's just average to below average, they would throw a bag at him. And he, you have to deal with him now for six years. He's Built for Wall Street. Yeah. By the way, that was Josh Allen's. Josh Hinz Allen that Big E was talking about, 'cause Josh Allen was drafted in the draft before, maybe it was 2017 maybe. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So that wasn't still bad, but it wasn't as egregious. But it's very funny because all these guys were right. Like the, they they were exactly right. And that clip is so perfect because he is screaming and in the background, it's like he was rated a zero star recruit and he comes from a very athletic family. We should try. Yeah. If those are the first lines outta your mouth when you get drafted, that's a bad, bad thing. His mom is way faster than he is. Yeah. So just wait, he might, he might grow into it.


We should put out a graphic that says something about how like, Hmm. Daniel Jones drafted by the Giants while Josh Allen's still on the board. Yeah. And then in like very small letters at the bottom, say Jaguars Josh Allen. Yeah. Well, it goes to, I mean I've had this take for a long time and, and there's very rare exceptions, but quarterbacks that are average, just average in college don't usually become superstars. You know, like they, you gotta have at least some flash somewhere in college to then be like, oh my God, they're gonna become something great. Most of the time a guy who's just average in college is just stays Average real swag is no swag though. Yeah.


It's, it's, it's a disaster though. I, I, I feel bad for Giants fans $108 million and the fact that you paid him and it costs you Saquon Barkley. That's the double whammy. It's a double whammy. But Yeah, you gotta, I think it has to be over. I think D Dbol has to bench him. It's the bi week. Just be like, we can't get him injured and cost us more cap. If like, Dbol should do that as a sign to be like, I, because you said that I'm here for the long term, this is what the long term should, should, should do. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like we should keep, we should, we should sit him so we don't have to pay him if he gets injured And then force them to make their decision right now. Right. Based off that. Yeah. And so, and they are in Tank Aon, I think they're number two right now.


So they could get a quarterback. Good spot. Yeah. Now did you see what I see though on the sidelines with, with Brian Dbol? It looks like he's numb to it. Yeah. Oh yeah. It looks like every time they make just a boneheaded decision, he's, the camera's on him and he's just staring into the abyss. Yeah. The thousand yard stare. He doesn't even, he doesn't get mad anymore. No. He's like, I've seen it all. Nothing's gonna change right now. I'm just here so I don't get fined. Yeah. Kind of thing. Yeah, no, it's a, it's a bad vibe for him. And it's a, it's a bad scene for Giants fans. I feel bad for Giants fans. It's, it doesn't feel like any fun. And you had to wake up early to watch this game and everything. You know, it just, you, you're basically restarting again, which is a shitty feeling.


I, I know it all too well. Couple other notes from this game. Sean Hockley a little bit of a show off. He did the, did you guys see he did a penalty in German? His dad did that in Mexico City in 2005. So it was kind of like a passing the torch of the Hockley. And then we also had, Roger Goodell said that his World Domination tour is just getting started because he announced he's planning on doing eight games next year internationally. London, Spain, Brazil, Mexico City, Germany, and possibly Ireland. So I think this is Goodell shooting, shooting his fan base in the foot on this one. There's a lot of hungover NFL fans. We don't wanna wake up that early in the morning. I said it, He Doesn't respect hangovers.


I, I I, I've said it, the, the, the European game is fun. If it's two times a year. That's a fun thing. It's a, it's a cool thing. Oh. Oh cool. Sunday we gotta we gotta eat the, if it's every week, which it feels like it's too much. It's too much. And it's also like the inverse of like, I don't want them to send really good games. I want them to send the Giants in the Panthers because I don't want to have, I don't want to have to have it be like Ravens and Bengals International. Yeah. Don't make it a game that means something. Right. So, so it's kind of a catch 22 where it's like, I I don't really, you're, you're making us watch this game. 'cause we do, we are owned by the NFL. Our brains are owned by the NFL. I watched the majority of this game and I just stopped doing it.


Put it on Sunday's. Sacred. Yeah. Don't do this. Like, if you're gonna have a game that you need to be drunk to watch, don't have it start when it's too early to be drunk. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. The Tyrone Tracy is good. Minus the fumble. Fumble was, which could've helped him. Fumble was bad. But this is the thing You have to look at. You know what, but you know what I I, I liked how he reacted to it. Yeah. Because he went to the sidelines. It looked like he was crying. He was really upset. And he still feels something. Yeah. He cares. He Cares a lot. He cares a lot. Don't trade him away. We also had Dexter Lawrence, I think afterwards they said like, is Abel's message getting through? And he said, yes. We just have to comprehend it better. Got it.


Got it. So it's on us. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I I also liked he was talking about schnitzel. Yeah. And he kinda pronounce it and he was like, I, I like, and he told the, the reporters, he was like, you guys are gonna make fun of me for how I say this. I like schnitzel. Yeah. Schnitzels Delicious. And then I just couldn't stop thinking about Xavier Legette saying the word schnitzel. Yeah. Schnitzel. Schnitzel. Schnitzel. Yeah. I mean all the shots of the German beer halls that look kind of fun. I mean they do, they wear Le Leader Hoing all the time. Octoberfest is September, right? It's in Yeah, like late September. So, but do they just dress up like that all the time to go to the beer hall? That's their lingerie. Got it. Crotchless Leader Hoing. Got it. Yeah. 'cause they were showing, I was like, what's going on here? But yeah.


Good. A lot of pretzels in the stands. Yeah. Pretzels in the stands. Yeah. They were they, they s sung. Did they sing Country Roads again? They Sang I think Machine Gun Kelly sang Country Roads. So they just think that we just all walk around singing country roads, which I guess we do. There was a very be more appropriate for B Wagon wheel. Yeah. There Was a very funny part when they sang Sweet Caroline in the middle of a play. Yeah. And was it a, was it an interception or a turnover? I Think so. It was a, A big play. But the whole crowd didn't care because they're like, Hey sweet, Caroline's on. Let's go. Yeah. We're playing this. Yeah. So, yeah. Good job. Germany, I guess you, I mean, good job Panthers. That's really all it matters. Good job Panthers. First year head coach, you gotta try to win a couple games. They might win a couple more.


And it's, it's good to not be the worst. You can't just tank every single year. And honestly, if I'm a Panthers fan watching this game, I'm, I'm a little bit excited about Bryce Young. Like you could tell yourself that maybe some, I mean, listen, it's Probably the best that he's looked in terms of decision making since he was in college. And it's also like I Yeah, I get it. If you have a top draft pick and you could take another quarterback, you should, but he's also the cheapest he'll ever be is right now. Yeah. Well I guess No, he could definitely be cheaper. Second contract. Yeah. He could definitely be cheaper now that I'm thinking about it. But you're not paying him a lot of money right now. Do you Think if the Panthers, and there's a whole bunch of reasons that go into like the CBA and when you are and are not allowed to extend a quarterback.


If it was possible and the Panthers offered Bryce Young, like a four year extension at $1.8 million a year right now, do you think he would take it? Probably not. I'm saying If the fifth year option was not a thing, Probably not. You don't think so? No. I think he probably thinks, I mean Bryce Bryce is bet on himself. Most backup quarterbacks. Yeah. Get could get a little more than that. Yeah. Yeah. He might have a, maybe if you, if you made it four years, 5 million a year, I think he would maybe take That he'd be interested. Yeah. Yeah. And also, I mean the Panthers like that. You're already a bad team. The flight back from Germany's gotta suck. Sucks a lot less. Yeah. Sucks. A lot less Giants flight sucks a lot more. Yeah. They're gonna be eating sad Stroop waffles. What does, you know Jones do?


Is he gonna, he kind of was built to be a backup, wasn't he? Well, he looks like a generic creative backup quarterback. Right. And even his name On, on like Nintendo, we, he's like a me backup quarterback. His name, everything about him, his style of play. He seems like a backup, but the fact that he was drafted so early, sometimes it's hard for those guys to become backups. How, how much do you think Daniel Jones owes David Cutcliffe for getting drafted that high and just basically being able to survive six years in the NFL being terrible because that, that I feel like was the big sticking point for him getting drafted because Cutcliffe and like the Mannings, everyone's like, you gotta trust this guy.


I feel like that was a a, you know, obviously throw aside the super athletic family, which, what quarterback what what number one first round quarterback doesn't have a super athletic family. I'm trying to think. That has there Trevor Lawrence's brother, Trevor Lawrence. I bet you if he wanted to, he could be, he probably could show up and be a baller. I Think he just was probably introduced to, to marijuana at the age of like 14. Yeah. And he was like, this is cool. Yeah. Someone gave him a rage against machine cd. Yeah. He was like, I'm done with sports. But yeah, Daniel Jones, David Cutcliffe, good job. You got him six years, $108 million. He probably had like one good day at the Manning Passing Academy. Right. Probably just called the mayor family and was like, and called David Telman was like, Hey, you remember Eli?


I got one, I got number two for you. Here He is. He showed, he showed up early for the first day of intermediate drills at Manning Passing Academy. And he was just set from that point on. Yeah. Okay. The best game of the early slate Steelers 28 Commanders 27 PFTL lets you go whatever direction you want to go with this. I feel like you guys, I mean you almost won that game. I think this Was a, this was a good game for me because I was, I didn't wanna say it out loud, but when we got up 10 points, I was, I did the emojis, I said the thinking emoji and then the soup emoji. Oh. But I didn't say it. It's probably good for me to lose This game. Ground you a little. I Would've, I would've declared that the Commanders could win the Super Bowl on this show.


And I don't think that that's realistic. Yeah. I think that there's a lot of holes in the secondary. I think Marshawn Latimore, when we get him back, it's gonna make a difference. But we got holes at receiver two. I think we had like six drops today. Ton of drops, some boneheaded mistakes. Overall, I don't think we played that poorly, but we're just not a complete team yet. And yeah, it's good for me. I'm onto Philadelphia right now. I'm not, I'm not upset. Although the narrative will start. I think it already has started that we can't beat a good team. But we do have two great losses to the Steelers and the Ravens. Yeah. Excellent losses. Yeah. Those are excellent losses. I'd say those, those losses are probably even better than wins. Also His winter Talk right here.


For sure. Thanks Max. It also, wait, were you being sarcastic? Yeah, he was being very sarcastic. I also feel like if you, if you said it would take all the way to week 10 for Jade Daniels to have like not A-A-M-V-P level game. Yeah. That would be a deal. You would take in a heartbeat. He Didn't do a lot with his feet today. I thought they did. The Steelers did a good job of keeping him in the Pocket. Yeah. The, what I took away from this is the Steelers defense is awesome. Yeah. They're really good. Everything that, that the Commanders had to do today was very, very difficult. Jayden I thought threw the ball pretty well, had a lot of drops, but I think he threw the ball well. Didn't run at all, basically. And we kept TJ relatively in check, which was nice.


Yeah. The only thing I would say negatively about the commander's offense, and it's something they'll just get better at, is that they only had two first downs in the fourth quarter, which is like, that's, you know, that's when you gotta salt the game away. Yeah. And then a, a dumb ass mistake at the end. By, by by Newton. Yeah. Nobody, nobody. I've never seen a player actually fall for that hard count trick in the last six years. Yeah. Except maybe to Aaron Rogers. Yeah. Occasionally Aaron will get you, but he, That was ins insane. Like the whole world knows that that's what they're doing. Yeah. And then he jumped almost instantly. It wasn't even like five seconds left on in the play clock. It was like 14 seconds. I said when they, when they went out on the field and looked like Tomlin was gonna go for it, I said, don't jump. Yeah. Because that's, Tomlin doesn't want to go for this. Yeah. Tomlin would much, much rather punt the ball.


Well he did say that. He said, we'll never know if he was gonna go for it because you know, I'm a degenerate. That's true. Which I don't even know what that means. A degenerate. What? I, I don't know. Tomlin was, was in his bag. 'cause he said, he also said, I think he was talking about the Ravens upcoming game. He said, they're hot group. We want to be the fireman. Yep. And he, and then also on the fake punt, which was the coolest fake punt and should have worked, but they just dropped the ball. He just said, I'll do it again. Yeah. It, it should have worked. Danny Smith, the special teams coordinator for the Steelers all time gum guy. Yeah. I think he is the only person that's on the gum. Mount Rushmore. Yeah. Which is, he's always got like six, seven pieces. He also looked like he got into a fight before the game. Do you see that?


Yeah. He had like three knuckle marks on the side of his head. But that was, it was a good call. Didn't work out. Also credit to Russell Wilson. 'cause I think Russell Wilson and Pickens played awesome. The catch that Pickens had in the first quarter. Yeah. Unreal. And then Pickens, you get the good Pickens with the insane Pickens. He was Maybe the most insane he's ever bent. This is Why I love watching George Pickens play football. Yeah. 'cause you don't know what he's gonna do on any given play on the interception. He gets up and then he throws, I think that was Sandre threw him to the ground. He Went full UFC Just ignores the ball carrier. And then he goes down onto his neck, like he's gonna bite him like he's a vampire and rip his throat out. Watch. And there was, and there was also the one play where it was, it was basically he caught the ball on the sideline and there was maybe five Commanders and he was ready to fight each and every one of them at the same time.


Yeah. He's awesome. Like, he just turned Upfield and just started pushing people and was like, fuck you guys. Yeah. This, this, he's just like ready to take on the whole commander's defense. He, He tried to do a stiff arm after he was already while Jumping. Yeah. Which, if you know anything about physics, you wanna have your feet planted when you're doing. George doesn't care. No. He, George doesn't know about physics. Yeah. And he has been completely unlocked by Russell Wilson. The, the Steelers offense looked bad in the middle part of the game. And then, I mean, Mike Williams, he had nine snaps all game and he just got traded and he makes the, the, the winning touchdown catch. And Russell wasn't made the plays when he had to. So Yeah. The Steelers are really, really good. Yeah. And Mike Tomlin is one of the best coaches.


I, I told this to Jerry, and this goes for all Steelers fans. I don't ever want to hear mediocre Mike again. Mike Tomlin is a really fucking good head coach. I would kill for Mike Tomlin as my head coach. He, what he does in intangibles is insane. He gets the most outta everyone all the time. Yeah. Including some of his psychotic players that he's had over the years. Yeah. It's, and I, I I do fully believe that Mike Tomlin enjoys having one guy on the team like that. Right. I think that's part of what he loves about coaching, is having one guy that will absolutely wreck you mentally. Yeah. And then figuring out a way to harness that guy's energy. And He's just, just time and time again, he, he, he, he went through the stats. It's another win against a rookie quarterback.


Another win off the buy, another win is a road dog. Like this is just Mike Tomlin. This is what he does. Yeah. He's just, he, it's, it's so consistent. I know that Steelers fans are like, oh, he doesn't won a playoff game in six years. Okay. You, there's a lot of franchises that have not been to the playoffs in that time. And, and like, you just don't. I Mike to just such a good head coach. He's, he just, he he, you feel like when you go into a game with Mike Tomlin, there's a chance, you know, like he's gonna get the guys to a place where they can overcome maybe some talent deficiencies and win games. Yeah. But do, do you know what I'm saying? Like I'm, I don't wish that we had, I wish that we had won the game. Yeah. It would be nice to win the game and look at the records and say, okay, we're still up on the Eagles, but I think it might be good for me mentally to keep myself from becoming too delusional.


Like this made me a little more delusional. Yeah. Brought you back down to earth a Max maximum Delusional right now, Max. Max has his hand raised. I think Max Jayden Daniels did not have a good game. I thought he, I didn't don't think he played four For 34 68 quarterback rating. I think he Had six drops though. So you just make that number up. I'm looking at the stats right now. There there are a lot of drops. Oh, the drops. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's okay to say that like, when he doesn't have a great game, I, I don't know. He didn't play his best game for sure. I wouldn't say that he played poorly. 17 for 34 68 quarterback rating. Lost the game. Touchdown Max. If you watch the film, you a film watcher. I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm a numbers looker. I'm gonna, I'm numbers looker.


I'm gonna put up a report and I'm gonna see how many, how many drops he had. I'm gonna think about it this way. Make a compilation of them. Records don't matter in the playoffs. It only matters the game in front of you. That was a playoff game and you guys lost and your quarterback didn't play That well. So we're Oh. For two in playoff games this year Game. Like, if you're gonna keep up with this game, you're also facade being that's not a really good team. Like you have to, like, this is a playoff game. You could not be like Jane played pretty good like that. That doesn't Work. Okay. All right. I'll take that. I'll take that under, under advisement. That's fair. I need to learn how to win. And part of learning how to win is learning how to lose. Yeah. Right. Yeah. It is like this.


It's, you know what, this doesn't live up to my expectations. If you're gonna be a winner, you gotta be mad at losses. Jayden thi this will probably be his, that Was a game that slipped through your cracks. No, No. I notice. I'm not saying anything because I would suck a dick for that stat line. This will probably be Jayden's worst, least deserving Pepsi Rookie of the Week Award when all said done. I don't think he's saying it This way. I don't think he's getting The pe Well Pft stuff's a ballot. That's what he's been doing. He's been voting a million times every week. I guess He talks about it and he also Also talks About it. Yeah. Vote early, vote often. Yeah. He's won weeks where it's not even been close. That's fair. That's fair. Yeah. I I just feel like it, we des the listeners deserve to hear an opposing opinion towards Jayden Daniel's Game Max.


I I will agree with you that this was Mind. They are division rivals. That's why Max is saying this. But Max, thank you think to the listeners. I appreciate that. Yeah. No, he think the listeners, well Listeners wants you on the couch in yours back in the That's true. And Pug. Yeah. President Pug did say That's a good point. You're defying an executive order right now. Max. That's Not I You could go to jail. P you could go to jail. Pugs not Even here. Oh. So because he is not here, Is he on his way? Character's who you are when no one's watching? That's facts. That's big facts. I Was on wall of my, my weight room in high school. That's big facts. That's Fair. I took it to heart. Yeah. Max, I will give this to you. Jayden probably had his worst game. That's what I'm saying.


It's it's week 10 though. Which is fine. Yeah. Yeah. Probably. Which is fine. I'm trying to think of when the last probably his worst game since week one. Okay. Against the Buccaneers. That's what Yeah. But, But I do think it, it's fair to go back and watch the throws and, and the, the drops that he had. 'cause I think that would add like 70 yards to it. 60 yards to it. And there were a bunch of 'em. But I'm a winner. So I say the standard has to be better than the standard is a standard. There we go. Needs to be higher. And Thursday night, Thursday night is going to be a hell of a game. The towels didn't work by the way. Towels did not work. There Were a ton of, ton of Pittsburgh Steelers fans. There Are you guys, I also gotta just say like, I think you're wearing one of your most ridiculous outfits of all time on this show.


I didn't, I didn't want To pile on, but I also was thinking This, they're being meet UPFT. I don't like yellow. I See Yellow Shades. I'm not piling on at all. It is. I'm just looking at you. I just can't figure any of it out. These are my sad shades that I have on it. I don't think there's anything that PFD could wear that would make me be like, whoa, this Is what if I came in here nude. A combination Maybe in a suit. Yeah. I, you know what? I'll be honest with you. I just put the sweater on 'cause it was the closest that I had to me, I didn't think about the matching. It was cold in here. It's freezing in the studio Max. It's live in The bar store. Max turn the air conditioning down. Okay. Whatever. I love it. Cold. I'm not happy. I'm not happy with the loss. Thursday night's gonna be a huge game. Thursday's for the division also. I mean this is a huge game for the division.


I also feel like PFT noticing, I've been noticing it from afar because I have nothing to do with the NFC East. Your Wish before the season Max is definitely bothered by the Commanders. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Like you, he, you have accomplished that feat where I know he's, he is looking at you as a real rival now. Yeah. I'm starting to hear from Philly fans out there a lot. Yeah. I'm starting to get like a, a One and he's rooting against you. Like hard Which percent? 1% of what Hank Yeah. Said what you deal with Hank. I'm getting like 1% of the the Philly hate. But yeah, this is exactly what I wanted. I wanted you to care And he he does Yeah. A lot. I mean it's a, it is as clear of a two team race for the NFC East as you could Possibly have. Yeah. As there's ever been. Yeah.


Where's the game on Thursday? And whose Line is it anyway? I'm Gonna say DraftKings. Who? Anyway. By four. I was gonna say four as well. I'll say five. It is Eagles minus three. Oh, okay. Oh, I'll be taking the commander's money line P Day. Thank you. Hank. Should I take the Eagles for, for So it's a split house. I mean, Hank's just a troll. He, he's only, Hey, you knew he was gonna do that. Yeah. Although Hank had the Steelers today. Yeah. He Also had the Cowboys. That was a good pick. Right. He basically just takes whoever our teams are playing. Yeah. No Matter what. And he, he likes to see my pain way more than pf t's pain. So that's why Yeah, That's True. That's facts. That's very true. Yeah.


That's big time. Be More facts. Who'd you have in Cardinals and Jets? I had the Cardinals. Interesting. Well that was Big Cat made me, he He, I mean I I was right that it was like one, like we're gonna just have one of those Mondays where the sickos and perverts all line up to listen to this shit. Okay. I, I Would've loved to get to eight and two. Eight and two would've looked awesome. Eight and two is a serious, that's a serious record. You Gotta pay attention to an eight and two. Eight and Two is, yeah. Eight and two is a top five team. Yeah. No matter pretty much no matter what the season or what the situation eight and two is like whoa, this Is a cool My Jets weekend. Yeah. Okay, next up Chiefs 16, Broncos 14.


The Chiefs keep getting away with it. It's incredible. The Chiefs should have lost this game. Well actually no, I shouldn't say should have lost because Leo Chana Badger made an incredible play to block the field goal that would've won the game for the Broncos. But this was a game where if you're the Broncos, it is like in two parts the most demoralizing loss because you had the win. And then also a really good, not moral victory, but just a, hey, we're not as bad as we, we looked against the Ravens. We can hang with these guys If you're, if you're a chief's opponent. And I think that they've now won nine games in a row where they're down by seven points or more.


Which is crazy. That's a crazy stat. If you're one of their opponents. Would you rather have the most heartbreaking loss against the Chiefs so that your loss to them stands out and you're like, Hey, you remember what a good fight that team gave you? Or would you just have like a run of the mill type, you know, eight point comeback that they had where nothing super heartbreaking happens at the very end? Mm. Probably nothing super heartbreaking. Yeah, because this one, I mean this one, if you had gone into this game and you're a Broncos fan and you said the Chiefs were gonna go one for four in, in the red zone scoring touchdowns that Bo Nicks was not gonna throw any interceptions and the Chiefs would weirdly struggle to run the ball. You'd be like, shit, we got a chance here. We're gonna win this game.


And Bo Nicks like, he didn't, he didn't make any mistakes. He had two first half like great touchdown drives and even like the, the Broncos defense standing up at the end making the Chiefs kick a field goal where you have the chance to potentially win the game. And NICs driving down the F 13 plays 43 yards to end the game. He put them in the perfect spot and the Chiefs just keep getting away with it. Yeah. They're gonna keep Leo Chana. This is, it's gonna be the same episode week after week after week. If, if you're, if you're watching a Chiefs game and you're a fan of their opponent, that's like watching Scooby-Doo and being a fan of an old guy that likes to dress up like a ghost. Yeah. Like, oh I think they fuck they did it again.


They did It again. They did it again. And, and the Broncos defense was all over Patrick Molsey and they sacked him four times. It felt like he was under pressure nonstop. They were blitz, they were doing creative blitzes. They were just all in his face. It had all the makings of the Chiefs losing a game like that. Like that's, that was a chief's loss until it wasn't. And the Chiefs are now the first team to win 15 straight games since the Packers won 19 in a row in 2010. 2011 seasons. So, you know, when they won the Super Bowl and then started out hot, they just seven one possession game games this year. They're undefeated still. They have the lowest point differential for an undefeated team. Nine and Oh.


But it doesn't matter because even if you could, even if you want to be one of those devil's advocate and be like, oh well the Chiefs are different. They're not like, they're just barely winning these games. It doesn't fucking matter. They're gonna win the Super Bowl. You Know how we've had the conversation, they're So this is what They do. We've had the conversation about Andy Reed versus Belichick because Andy Reed stack it up Wins now to the point where at some point he could pass him. We are already having the con the conversation about Tom Brady. Patrick Mahomes, if these Chiefs go undefeated Yeah. And they win the Super Bowl. Oh Yeah. That would pretty much seal the deal for which Dynasty is more impressive. Right. It would, it would definitely beat One of the Patriot's dynasties.


One of the three. Yeah. Would it be the top dynasty though? It would be the top dynasty. Top dynasty. Not top organization yet. Gotcha. It would be but Undefeated three in a row. There's like, you can't really take anything away From that. It'd be Best Dynasty Chiefs second place Patriots in the late two thousands. And then what would be third place Patriots? Early two Thousands. Early two thousands. And then fourth place would be Patriots. Late 2010. No. Told me Patriots had had two. Okay. Two dynasties. Tom Brady had a, an extra di like a add on top extension of the dynasty with the box.


A personal dynasty. Yeah. Andy Reed is now 39 wins away from Bill Belichick. Yeah. So that's, I mean if they keep, if they keep winning how they're winning, that's four or five more years. If, I mean I think Belichick will coach again, but that's reasonably five more years. If, if they win 10 to 12 games at a clip and right now I don't, next week they play the bills. If the Chiefs beat the bills, the one seed's wrapped up. Yeah. I don't know what would like, 'cause it would be head to head Ravens and I guess the Steelers could, could be in the mix there, but it would be head to head against the Ravens and the Bills wins and they would be, they would have zero losses and the bills in the Ravens would each have three.


So I don't know, like it would be hard for them to fuck that up. It would be pretty hard for the Chiefs to fuck that up. So the Chiefs are now nine and oh you know what they Do play the Steelers. So that is week 17. So They're nine and oh you know what their preseason wind total was in Vegas? Probably 11 and a Half. 11 and a half. Yeah. Easiest Money in the world. Yeah. Yeah. Easy. We're gonna walk to it. We all should have seen this coming. Yeah. And, and again, I don't even care if they've been impressive because it doesn't matter they have a complete football team. That's the thing. It's like the, I guess the only thing that like the, the injuries, did Xavier worthy get banged up again today? I think it was because I think Patrick Holmes might have gotten another wide receiver hurt 'cause he kind of overthrew 'em and he got hurt I think going to the sideline. But yeah, I like it.


They'll they'll be fine though. I, I'm sure, I'm sure Rashe Rices will probably somehow come back. I don't know what his exact timetable is, but why wouldn't he come back? Did he tear his acl L No, I Don't think His PCL. Yeah. I, he'll probably be back and he'll probably be like, oh, Rashi Rice hasn't played any games. Oh he is gonna play in this first round of the playoffs and he is gonna get like a hundred yards. Be like, oh no, no problem. Yeah, they're just really, really good. And the Broncos, I feel bad for them, but at least you know that you can hang and you're building something because last week was bad. Last week was the Broncos or frauds this week. I don't like that was a loss. And I do not think the Bron, I think the Broncos are a good football team. Building something. You think Best Loss of the week.


Best loss of the week. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely Bucks. We, we will get to the Bucks. Bucks had a pretty good loss too. Yeah. Yeah. Bucks. Keep having good losses. Okay. Anything else for this game? I don't think I have anything else on my note. Oh yeah. Audrick Esme. He's, he looked good. Notre Dame Power back. I think he's a, is he a Rollback athlete? Was he a Rollback athlete last year? I feel like I did. I said his name a bunch for those ads. Maybe he is. Body Armor. Shout out. Arick. Esme. Esme. Okay. Patriots 19 Bears three Henry.


Yeah. I mean, I knew it was, I, I, I had a feeling that this could happen so it didn't hurt as much. I think you wanted more pain. You said it on Friday. You wanted more pain outta me, but I had already kind of quit. Everything's a disaster. The Bears are a joke of an organization. Kale Williams looks really, really bad. Shane Waldron ISS a joke. Matt IFU needs to get fired. They're just as bad as there's been some really bad Bears offenses. They have somehow reached a new low that I said during the game. I was like, if you, instead of waterboarding in Guantanamo, if you just made a terrorist watch the Bears offense on repeat, they would tell every secret they've ever had.


That's how bad we are. And I, I mean, the numbers are insane that we had one drive longer than 21 yards. We had one play longer than 12 yards. The Patriots going into this game had 16 sacks on the season. They sacked Kale Williams nine times today. Kale Williams, now second most all time through 10 weeks. The last three games, they have 34 possessions, 27 points. They've been outscored 66, 27 since the bi week. They started the season or started this game with field position on the Patriots 48. The Bears 40, the Bears 48. And they got zero points out of it. It is one of the worst teams, if not worst teams in football. It, how many drives in a row has it been now without a touchdown?


A million. Is it like 23 a trillion? And it's just, it's a lot of drives. It's all bad. And it's, and, and listen, I I I, I'm, I am an optimist at heart, so I'll be like, maybe Kale Williams will turn it around with the new coaching staff. But right now it's, he's by far the worst rookie and nothing works. And he looks completely lost and everything sucks. And everyone was right and I was wrong, and I'm stupid. And it sucks. I don't know what else to say. I know people are gonna be like, you have to admit, I admit everything that I've been wrong about everything and everything is terrible and it's just back in the same spot. And I, I went on Tanka On today during the game.


Mm. I have not been on Tanka hon at all this year. And I was excited to not be on Tanka, hon. I was looking at offensive linemen on Tanka hon, in the middle of the third quarter. This game was so, so bad. The Bears are so, so, so bad. And Matt Eber flues should be fired tomorrow and it won't fix it. Listen, Matt Eber flu and Shane Waldron deserve blame. But I'm not saying it's all on them. The offensive line is horrendous. Ryan Polls should have done a better job with the offensive line. And Kle Williams has looked really, really bad. So it's a collective effort. But you can't fire Kle Williams. But you can fire the coach. And the coach stinks. So make us feel better for a day and nothing will change.


I I don't really have anything else to say. I feel, I feel bad. I I legitimately feel bad. Chicago's bad. No, you don't. No. Don't do that. Bad, bad Dude. No, I, I've said it a bunch of times. Like I don't, there's no rivalry with me in the Bears. I like, you know, people from Chicago. It's a great sports town. There's a lot of excitement all summer long. Everyone I talked to is like Bears, Bears, Bears, Bears, Bears. And then to see how the season gone is, is stunning fact. I actually, the fact that at the beginning of the year, if you said that not only would the Patriots dominate the Bears, it wouldn't even be a surprise. Like it wasn't even No, that's everyone, all the other Bears fans that were in the Gamely cave were also basically dejected before the game even started. And when they lost, they expected it. And they, it was just, they, they rolled over without even a fight.


It's sick. Having a team that you know is going to disappoint you and still every day making, every week you make an appointment to sit down on a couch and watch them disappoint you, to make you angrier. And We played the Packers next week. I, I, yeah. I mean, I think I actually should apologize to you, Hank, because I probably stole a little of the joy out of this for you, because I was realistic going into this game where I was like, I think this team might have quit and there's a good possibility we lose in a very ugly fashion. I was hoping I was wrong, but I, when we talked about it on a Friday, when we talked about it this morning, I definitely, this was on the table for outcomes for today. It was worse than I imagined in terms of how it looked. But I absolutely walked in this game being like, we could 100% lose it And we probably will lose it.


'cause they've quit. Yeah. It was really ugly. Their, their offense was Horrendous. One of the worst I've seen ever. And it was, it's like the worst combo of It's gotta be the coaches though. Like, you can't, they have The weapons. I They don't have the offensive line. Well, no, The offensive line is terrible. I don't think anyone gets schemed open and Caleb misses every throw, add that all together and it's just like the worst possible outcome you can get. What are the percentages that they beat The Packers Zero. Is it? It's zero. It's not 1%. Zero. Zero. I don't have a winning team that I root for. I all, every single team I root for is a loser.


I haven't won a football game in three weeks. Four weeks. That's college. And NFLI gotta play Oregon in college. And the Packers in fucking NFL I'm gonna lose. We should we, I wonder if DraftKings would do that combined point spread that I lose by. I would set the line at 33, 34. 34 and a half. Actually, no, that's way low. 44 and a half Combined loss next weekend. I don't know what else to say. What do you, what do you think the Packer's Bears Line is gonna be? Let's guess It. Where's the game? Whose Line is it anyway? Is it is in Soldier Field? I Packers minus eight.


No way. No. Six and a half. Five Should be 1450. Hit it on the head Packers minus six and a half. That's free money. If you want to, if you wanna take the Packers, that's free. That's, but that's also because they don't know if Jordan loves playing, they'll be eight. If Jordan loves playing, everyone's gonna bet the Packers. Yeah. Doesn't that make you excited? No. Maybe it's very, that Should make You exciting is I guess if they fire Matt ifu, but I don't even know who the interim would be. Shane Waldron. It's a, it's just a joke. The whole thing is a joke. It's the whole organization's joke. Everyone was right. Gimme, I shouldn't have said any, I shouldn't have gotten excited over the summer. Actually, you know what? I don't regret getting excited 'cause that's the only happiness I have is to get excited before they actually have to play games.


But it's the same organization that is just consistently getting in its own way. And I was wrong to ever think that like Caleb should have asked to not come to Chicago. He should have give Me a, a hierarchy of blame. Who's number one? The McCaskey. Okay. Number two, Probably Eber flu. But then, well, no, because the McCaskey again, probably because they probably didn't wanna fire Eber flu. So I was gonna say polls, but I think polls whose hands were tied with Eber Flu. So it's probably McCaskey then McCaskey. Okay. Then we'll throw Kevin Warren in there. 'cause people don't forget, he tried to cancel the Big 10 season for 'cause of Covid.


Then Eber Flu, some polls. Shane Waldron and then Caleb. Okay. And I, I, I mean Caleb's been bad. He's, he, he looks so bad. It's, it's really, really bad. Bad body language. Bad. I, I don't know. What did you see the clip of Shane Waldron like laughing in his face. I would fucking punch him. He should have punched him. And now I like get it DJ Moore. I get why you're upset. I'm upset too. Bad body language, bad team, bad everything. It's just a gross, gross situation. But it's the same situation. They're always find themselves in. I think personally you should have Shane Waldron ahead of Matt Abra fleece because the Caleb Williams body language, all that shit that comes from an offense that's just confusing.


Not just, I'm not talking about confusing for like a quarterback to process confusing for what the fuck he's trying to do offensively. But Matt ifu was a bad coach last year. Yeah. He was a bad coach the year before. I know we're trying to tank, but he's never been a good coach. He got a good haircut. So his barber should go funk High up on the It's our guy. Yeah. Funks the man just all sucked. Drake may look good. Hank minus the pick. He look good. Yeah, he, he did. He's be, he's gonna have a better career than Caleb Williams. All these guys are first time this year. JJ McCarthy hasn't even entered this, this He in preseason. First time this season. I, you know, they look good. And then I took a look at the schedule. First time I really looked ahead. Patriot's got a lot of winnable games coming up.


Oh, look At you. Maybe yfs. I don't think, I think we're too far away from yfs. So it's like, who cares about winning these games? But What, what, what are the winnable games? Dolphins. All of them. Colts. What You think? Dolphins. Colts? Yep. Okay. Rams. Yep. Really? Yeah. Cardinals. Yep. Cardinals are good. So are the Pats bills what? Bills? Probably not. No, No, no. I think you're getting confused. I think you're getting confused. The Bears are the worst team in the NFL right now. If you did a power rankings for the last three weeks, they are the worst team in the NFL by far. Not even close Memes is arguing Jets. I know the Jets won a game, didn't they? They beat the Texans. What are you talking about, dude?


He just keeps saying we suck. He he to to himself. Okay. So Hank we lost In the exact same way to the Cardinals that you did and then we lost to the Patriots. We lost worse. I guess they're actually kind of on par because you lost the Patriots as well. Yeah, we're the same fucking franchise. We, We are the same franchise. It really is. It's, it's crazy how, how bad it is. It's just no matter what they get in their own, we get in our own way. If they had hired Jim Harbaugh or or Mike Vrabel going into this season, I think it, the whole world would've looked different. They Always hire one one either the GM or the coach at different times. Correct. He's on the same page. The owner suck cock. Yep. It's like, just fucking the same thing. They're cheap over and over and over again. Yeah. No, it's, it's, it's a joke. And I, I'm still gonna hold out hope for Caleb because that's what I, I want and hope and pray and I like him.


But it's there. I can't pretend that it's looked anywhere close to competent in the last three games. I'm projecting at least three more wins for the Patriots. Okay. Minimum. Now do the Bears, let Me pull up the Schedule Zero. I think you guys might, might surprise Somebody. Who are we gonna beat? I think you're gonna beat Packs. I think you're gonna beat the Vikings Chaws. You're gonna beat the Vikings at home. I mean, if we beat the Packers, it'll be the greatest. Like this. I I'll be so happy kidding me. I know, that's why. But it's, And I think you could beat the Packers. I think we beat the Packers. If we have an interim head coach. Packers Last game of the season, interim head coach also Packers have locked up their playoff seed. Yeah, It's bad.


Maybe the Seahawks It's bad. I don't know what else to say. Dude. Have I covered it all? Do you think there's gonna be people like, you didn't cover this. You didn't say this, you missed this. Hank Has Drake been exciting enough for you to, to like really get amped up about Yeah. Very Exciting. Do you think he's the future? He's definitely the future Patriots look good. Their, their defenses turned around. Like it doesn't seem dysfunctional as, as the media had tried to shape it out a few weeks ago. Their receivers are horrible. So it's like, there's, are You talking about the Mutiny? Yeah. I'm saying there's, there's the Mutiny worked. Yeah. Yeah. The Mutiny worked it, So there absolutely Worked. And there's, there's, there's a lot of room for improvement. That's not like you have the quarterback Yeah. If you catch more balls. Yeah. But that can be, that's that's, that's a off season fix.


Yeah. You Something you can fix with a draft. Yeah. You, You, I don't know. I I feel as lost as ever. You guys feel like you have a direction. So wait, answer the question. Did I cover everything? What do you think I missed? What will people say? You didn't say this. You, oh, you gotta admit this Bad body language. You covered Caleb being bad. You covered Yep. I was wrong about thinking it was a good situation. Ebra flu is a fucking Joke's joke. Justin Fields, they're gonna ask about Justin Fields. Nope, I won't do that. Because Justin Fields got benched as a four two guy and that still the Justin Field keep Justin Fields and load up and these fantasy drafts that have Joe Alt going ninth overall and like no.


Are you mad about this? Your second draft pick? Would You Romo Junee? No. I think Rome. Would you have done that over though, given the holes? You have Offensive line. How has Oulu Nu played? I think he was the pick after. He's been pretty good. Yeah. I mean he's just a plugin guy right now. I will say the only thing that I'll say is the Bears do have like all their offensive line. Their offensive line wasn't good and then they all got injured. That's a bad combo. Like Darnell Wright was out. Kevin Jenkins gets injured every other game. Nate Davis didn't play. He should be just cut. I don't know. Like, everyone's hurt. So you started bad and then you got way worse 'cause you got everyone injured.


So Yeah, I think I covered it all. Yeah, I think so. There's probably like a dozen Packers fans literally jerking off to this, like sitting in their car. I I hope one of them gets arrested. I so I, like I said, I I was pretty neutral on this game until, you know, this weekend. It kind of, I thought about it more and, and how many Bears fans I've I've met and become friendly with and how, you know, just instinctively it's like you kinda wanna win. You kinda wanna rub in their face a little bit. Not just you, but like other, other people that I know as well. And, and I was talking about how good of a sports town Chicago is. It's a huge city and all of Our teams suck. And it's even worse that like Milwaukee, Why would you do that?


Why would you throw that in? It's just Crazy that the, the big brother in this situation is like the little city. Okay, well let me, let me just fix that for you. Like that's gotta that does, I understand how it makes it so Worse. The Packers aside, the brewers will never win a World Series, But the Packers asides are Pretty packers. Big aside, pack side the box obviously have Giannis, but he's gonna be a nick soon. And then what's wild is the Wisconsin team that Big Cat roots for Yeah. Is also bad. So, but They've good in the past. Again, this is just this, we're asking questions from the haters. Yeah, no, it's, it's How much blame would you, Everything sucks. Would you put on yourself in the hierarchy of blame? All of it. I shouldn't have gotten as excited as I did. But then You say that, don't Say that.


I agree with you. I I shouldn't say that because then that's the most boring thing in the world. If I sat here all summer, I was like, we'll see, I don't know what's gonna happen. I think it's, we'll see, I think it's fair. It'll be good. Well, well maybe he'll be good. Maybe it'll be bad. Maybe mad fool be good. Maybe bad. I I can't, I can't do a wishy-washy. It's Fair for you to say I shouldn't have gotten this excited, but also knowing that like, fuck that. You're going to get excited every day. Yeah. I love hard and I hurt harder. Put it on a quote card. What's the point of being a sports fan if you're not gonna get excited? Yeah. Yep, Yep. Yeah, it's the best part of the year is August. Yep. It'll happen again this fall, this summer. We're gonna hire someone new and we're gonna draft an offensive lineman and I'm gonna say that everything's gonna be different. And right around Thanksgiving time it's gonna, we're gonna do the exact same show and I'm gonna be sitting right here saying the exact same things and I won't regret it, but Just wait, what if, what if something weird happens next week?


No. Do you imagine how back you'd do? You Gotta start like a how a go on me. What are the petition? Do Sign sign change.org. change.org. You gotta use your, your power and influence to get 'em out. Either flus out. Did You? To get the McCaskey out. I Don't think that get, Okay, now we're talking. I don't think that See Chicago needs new owners. Like, I guess Rick, it's, well we'll see. Maybe Rickets could sign Juan Soto. That will never happen. But get resor for the McCaskey out. If the city of Chicago was as communist as some people think that it is, they would absorb the Chicago Bears. It would be, they would take them over. It would do, It would do better. I mean it's just, yeah, I don't think, I don't think he's gotta get fired.


Yeah. There's no chance that he's back. No Change. What about the secret extension? You gotta get fired tomorrow, can You, what? What Does that do? But they won't fire him because they never fire anyone. Like They're still not gonna make the playoffs if, if He gets fired, you gotta get the locker room back. It's, It's, I Agree. Yeah. Like you gotta get it Back. And the only thing with firing him is that you could maybe get a jumpstart on a, on a new head coach, but they won't, they won't get a jumpstart on a new head coach and they won't hire the best new head coach because they won't hire someone who's bigger than the organization. Is It Kevin Byard? Yeah. Is he, so they, they asked him about the coaching staff after the game and he was like, I don't really want to go there right now. No one does. And And he's a guy that he's, he's Like a upset. He's a Classy guy.


Yeah, guy. But he's just doing no comment. He's like, I'm talk to my attorney. Yeah. I think that's a fair response too. Yeah. Yeah. Rather Than, I don't want to go there either. Like, Rather than say anything. Yeah. Because if you say like, I have full confidence, you then, then you sound like an idiot. And if you say anything else, it is like a police interrogation. Yeah. Just don't say shut the fuck up. Fridays Abra Flu said, we're gonna look at everything. Start with a mirror, dude. Okay, let's wait. Did this See Cole Ette today? Did he play? Yeah, he played, he got a couple targets. That's good. Not enough. That's good. Yeah. Not enough. The, yeah, everything sucks. I love Cole. Okay, let's do a couple ads and we'll get to the other early games.


Yeah.


Before we get to the other games, I wanna talk to you guys about Gametime. Gametime is the one stop shop for tickets, football season's here. And we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. What's the Monday night game this week? Big Cat. The Monday night game is the Rams and the Dolphins. That's right. Rams Dolphins. Max, can you look up tickets to get in to Rams Dolphins? I wanna see what those prices are in Gametime. 'cause they've got brand new feature on there. Gametime Picks. GT Picks. That's where you find the best tickets and the best deals. You know how much we love Gametime with Gametime Picks, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime Picks, filters out all the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. And if you look on Gametime Picks right now for that Monday night football game. Dolphins at Rams. Yep. 80 bucks. Get into SoFi Monday Night Football primetime. You've got the teacher and the student. And if you look at that right now, you can see all sorts of great deals. Not just in the Gametime picks, but you also have some cheap options. You've got some great value options on there. It's the place that you go when you're looking for tickets to any sporting event. Pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Get those tickets right now. Use Gametime Picks. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with a new Gametime picks. What time is it? It's Gametime.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. This month is all about gratitude and there's a person that we don't get to thank enough ourselves. Sometimes hard to remind ourselves that we're trying our best to make sense of everything in this crazy world. That's not easy. Here's a reminder. Send some thanks to the people in your life, including yourself. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give Better Help a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with Better Help. Visit better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/pmt.


Okay. 49 ERs 23 bucks. 2049 ERs off a buy. Brock Purdy looked good. He was under pressure the entire game. Todd Bowles was dialing up those blitzes and I feel like, so I walked away from this game being like the 49. I expected the 49 ERs to win this game. More convincingly awful by getting healthy. All those things. I feel like the 49 ERs are kind of snake bitten this year and they have a tough schedule coming up. And I weirdly think we should maybe take this opportunity to bet on the Bucks to maybe win the NFC South if we can find a good line. Because the Bucks have lost four in a row, five in a Row.


The Bucks have now lost four in a row. Four in a row. They've been competitive in, they Had a Saints win that was kind of wedged in there. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they were competitive in the last two, the the Ravens game. That was when everyone got hurt. They made it closer and the, the Falcons game, same deal. They were down like 14, but they look competitive against 49 ERs today. They look competitive against Chiefs last, last week. Mike Evans is coming back. Baker is an absolute dog. That fourth downplay where he was holding Bosa off of him was such an incredible play. And again, Brock Purdy played great. Like the drive to get into the field goal range was, was awesome and they deserved to win this game.


But I walked away from it being like, I kind of think the Bucks are especially looking at their schedule are gonna maybe be heard from again. So The Bucks right now, their last five losses are all great losses. Yeah. And they're, they have one loss That's a bad loss. Yeah. And that's when the Broncos came into town. Yes. And everybody was like, what the fuck is going on right now? But yeah, the the 49 ERs Brock Purdy, has he gotten faster? I I feel like he's so good in the pocket. He's Gotten great in the pocket. He's, he's like very, he's deceptively quick back there. A lot of functional speed outta Brock and the way that he moves around and manipulates the pocket is really fun to watch. Now I do think that the 49 ERs, I, I believe in the 49 ERs.


I know you said that they've got a tough schedule coming up. Yeah, they Play the Seahawks Packers' bills. I think they can figure it out. Christian McCaffrey's back. I just wanted to see. I maybe it was so the first half they looked very good and then they kind of just ran out of a little bit of gas. And it's also, They missed three field goals Too. Yeah. Jake Moody is a problem And got hit in the face by, by Deebo Deebo Yeah. Was fighting his kicker and his long snapper. The the Deebo punch that he threw was like that Detroit Urban Survival guy. Yeah. He took out the, the kicker and the long snapper with one shove. Yeah. And I, the, the offense looked good for the 49 ERs. Like I'm not, they, they, I guess it's more that my expectations were that they were gonna kill him and they, and the bucks just keep, maybe it's more the b that's what I'm saying.


The 49 ERs probably are gonna be fine. There'll be a playoff team. I shouldn't be worried about the 49 ERs. It's more that I'm, I'm impressed that the Bucks keep fighting and I guess, yeah, they do have to become wins eventually. But I looked at their schedule. They have the Giants, Panthers and Raiders as their next three. We could blink in the Bucks and Mike Evans is coming back And they also get their last two games, last three games to close out the season. Cowboys, Panthers, Saints. Yeah. Yeah. They play our Chargers in the middle of that. Yeah. The Chargers. But there's like, I was looking, I was like, this team could easily get to 10 wins. Would that be enough in the NFC? I don't know, but I was more, I'm just more impressed that the Bucks feel like they are time and time again outmatched and like Tristan Wfs got hurt in this game and still it's just Baker Baker just keeps you, it feels like Baker can do anything and keep you in any game.


And the Bucks Defense played okay. And then they, you know, obviously gave up that last drive to Brock Purdy. And Brock Purdy was the MVP of this game. In my mind. He was, he was under pressure the entire game and he was, he was still making plays and yeah, it was good to see Chris McCaffery back healthier than I think he's ever looked. Hank he Said he, he missed playing football. Yeah. He said it's fun to play football again. Sounds like a guy that really wanted to get back out there on the team. He Looked great. He looked, he looked great. Yeah, he looked great. I guess it's also, and we'll get to the Cardinals, but like I think the Cardinals might be really good and the Cardinals already beat the 49 ERs once. So that's gonna be a tough division to end up winning.


And if, if, if you think that there's going to be three NFC North teams, Packers, Vikings, and Lions, and you think there's going to be two NFC East teams, the Eagles and Commanders, that only leaves one spot for the NFC West. Yeah. And that's tough. 'cause those are, those are some, like the Rams are tough. The Cardinals are tough. The Seahawks, I don't fucking know what to make of them. So it's more like the 49 ERs coming into this like, 'cause they've kind of played with their food a little bit this year. They have to, they have to start winning some tough games coming up. So, but that's what we talked about with Kyle Shahan after the buy. Yeah. His, his teams are awesome. True. I shouldn't doubt 'em. The breakdown was I think their 40% winning percentage before the buy and then 70% after the buy.


Yeah. Which is crazy. And this game actually might be the one that we point to at the end of the season. Be like that decided who that wild card team was gonna be. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I I, you know what, I'll, I'll walk back my take. I still believe in the 49 ERs. I more, I just watched this game. I was like, I did not think the Bucks were going to be able to hang with the Niners off the buy. And they somehow found a way, they did get that muff punt, which was big. That kind of turned the game in the second half. Bakker Does look like he has to use all of his energy on every pass, every, every pass play. And he'll, he'll get, he'll get almost sacked by three guys. He'll spin around in the pocket, he'll scramble somehow figure out a, a way to get a ball to a guy that's down field that probably wasn't on the roster week one. So it looks like he's like maxing out effort and every time, not Only that, but I feel like I can say the same for Rashad White and Bucky Irving.


Yeah. Every run they feel like they have to max out all of their effort to get like five yards. Yeah. I guess his a credit to Todd Bowles, but his defense keeps fucking up. He Just loves blitzing. Yeah. Oh, also shout out Ricky p Pearsall scored his first touchdown in the NFL. That was very cool to see. Yeah, very cool. Yeah. Great play. Yeah. I think Brock Purdy's getting like really good. They gotta pay him right. They, that's gonna be such, they have to Pay him this year. It's gonna be such a fun conversation to have about Brock Purdy. Do they have to pay him this year? He's gonna want, do you think he's gonna want more money than Dak? I mean, he's better than Dak. Like that's not even a question in my mind. Would you? I would. Is that a question in your mind? No, but is he going to get more money than Dak is? Oh, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean he should because he is better than him.


What, what is his contract? How many more years is he a free agent this year? Let's see. He is an a free agent after next year. So you got one more year where the window's wide open and then they gotta pay him. Yeah, I think, I think Brock Party's really good. Bless you. Bless you. Thank you. Anything else in this game? Oh, I have, oh, I have two tweets that I I bookmarked that I wanted to bring up. One is a Pro Bucks tweet. So this is from Greg Allman. He said Bucks have averaged 30.7 points in the last six games, but are one in five in that stretch.


In NFL history. There are 1,353 times a team has scored 180 plus points in a six game span. Of those 1,353, only two teams managed to only win one game. The bucks this year and the 2019 bucks the Jamis bucks. Interesting. So, So they're playing well without, without, they're just Jamis. The reason for those is probably just Jamis. Yeah. He probably did some fuck shit. He Threw a lot of, A lot of picks, a lot of touchdowns. So what would the, what would the reason be for this season? Their defense is bad and their coach and Mike Evans got Hurt and their coach maybe. But The fact that they're still scoring points out. Mike Evans and Chris Cowin is pretty crazy. The other stats That's true with Todd Bulls. He's a guy that will get your team ready to play.


Yeah. And then he'll probably screw something up in the game. Yeah. Alright. So this has never happened before ever. Florida's F-B-S-F-C-S and NFL teams are combined Oh and 11 on the same weekend. F-B-S-F-A-U, Florida Miami F-S-U-U-S-F-U-C-F all lost. F-C-S-F-A-M fam Famu b Bethune and Stetson all lost. And in the NFL, the Jags and Bucks lost. It's all up to the Dolphins on Monday night. That's a pretty crazy Stat. So what's the call? I don't know. It's never happened before. Oh, at 11. They are the state of Florida in football this weekend.


I don't, I don't think they can go Oh and 12. I think you gotta take him to go Oh and 12 history. It's a history game. It's a history defining game. Hmm. History's at stake. They also extended Billy Napier though, or not extended, but announced that he's not being fired. Yeah. He's not Being fired. Yeah, he's Not being fired. That could be counted as a loss too. That could be huge. Okay. Next game. Saints 20, Falcon 17. Darren Rizzi. We told you The risler Darren Rizzi. He did it all. He, he came to the, the stadium. He clogged the toilet, brought The boom. He said it was gonna be a crappy day. It wasn't a crappy day. The Saints played with passion with fire. They blocked a field goal, which is he's a special teams coach.


And then he even got hurt in the, in the af after the game, he got a stinger and looked like he was losing all ability to walk. I thought he torn his ACL at one point. He said no, he got a stinger. He couldn't feel his entire left side. So his equilibrium was off. He Was trying to back his guy off, right. Yeah. Well no, he said Yeah. So Peyton Turner started spraying water on him before there was like 30 seconds left. And he is like, stop, stop. We have to wait till zeros. And then I guess Peyton Turner came and hit him in the back and he said that he's, he had a history of stingers, so he just got another stinger and he looked like he was a baby deer at the end of the game. I love that he was angry because they were celebrating the win too early.


Yeah. That's, that's winning mentality. Yeah. And that's Alpha male type shit. Getting to the stadium early, taking a shit so big that it clogs the toilet. Yeah. That's marking your territory. I like that from the Grizzly. He did. He was, he was everything we wanted. He was interim head coach. Just everything you wanted wrapped up into one weird ears and all. And Dennis Allen's got a, this should add, this should actually be another loss on Dennis Allens Record. I agree. I agree. This was, it was, it was a good start for him. Who knows how long the interim coach Bump lasts. I think we just gotta bet him until it, it doesn't work. Right. They play the Browns next week. They might might, you might get another week. Yeah. They added a warmup. They stretched before the game. They stretched before the game turns game. That was pretty big. Yeah. Change the locker room. The defense like had fight again.


'cause they, the defense has been really bad for the Saints and Yeah, they beat, I mean that's, that's a game they always wanna win. They hate the Falcons so Big win. And the Falcons are gonna look and be like, what the fuck just happened? Because they are better than the Saints. But they weren't today. And Kirk Cousins was just kind of off all day. I Think Kirk Cousins was exactly on for Kirk Cousins the way the game ended though. Oh yeah. It was classic Kirk Cousins. Yeah. Check down on fourth down. It was, it was like that Vikings tight end play all over again. Yep. He hasn't learned. No, he never will learn. He Has not learned. I mean Bijan is still amazing. He's amazing. The best. And, and Kirkby and Kirk, I don't know if you saw the, the sack fumble that he had.


I think the Falcons were covered so it wasn't like a huge, huge game play. Do you know who did that? Who's That? You know who sacked him? Strip sacked him. Who Sacked him? Chase Young. Yeah. Chase Young. Chase Young. Got It. Was your guy. But When you see Kirk Cousins, we've said that he's the most sackable quarterback in the NFL, right? Yeah. He, I think he's also the most fumble quarterback on a sack in the NFL. Yeah, but you know what, like when someone's bearing down a Kirk, he does a good job when he, when somebody's bearing down on him when he throws it away. And turtles at the same time. Yeah, he's very good at the turtle. Turn away away. But when he gets hit every time Kirk Cousins gets hit, I think he's gonna drop the ball. But He also is really weirdly good at fumbling. Like in his own orbit. Yeah. Like he like almost does like a a he's almost dribbling a basketball.


Yeah. Where it comes right back to him. Bounces To him or bounces to his teammate. Yeah, Exactly. He Doesn't lose a lot of him. But what I see a guy getting close to Kirk, I'm like, he's going to drop this for sure. Yeah. He's gonna drop this ball. Also MVSI didn't even know he was on the Saints. He got signed two weeks ago. He had a hundred yards and two touchdowns in the first half. It's Huge. Marquez ving Scantling. Like that was, that was outta nowhere. Yeah. If this was like four, four weeks earlier, I would say he's gonna go back to the Chiefs. Yeah. He, yeah. They probably will find a way to get him back to the Chiefs. He'll just prove that he's good and then the Saints will cut him. Yep. Also three missed kicks by coup. I Was gonna say we, we should know better. We are knee-jerk reaction guys. We said that NFL kickers are too good and they should make the, you know, the uprights closer together.


This was the week where everything starts to turn and 'cause we had missed kicks. Like Jake Moody went one for four young hoku went one for four. It feels like kicking is getting, you know, Justin Tucker missed a kick in on Thursday night football extra point. It feels like kickers are coming back to just still fucking up every now and then. So what's the knock that we have historically had against kickers? What do you mean? I mean, Just what, when you think of kickers, Mentally weak. Mentally Weak. Yeah. I think that the discussion of kickers becoming so good and the threat, the looming threat of them narrowing the goalposts has made kickers fuck up more. They're, they're like, we have to get in front of this. We have to start missing some kicks before they take this away from us. Yeah. It could be intentional.


Yeah, it could be They all got together and they're like, Hey, we need to, they're gonna fuck everybody over. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, kickers suck again, in which Case shout out Toku for great solidarity. Yeah. He did get one blocked. But yeah, I, I was pumped to see the, I I just love interim head coaches. Whenever there's an interim interim head coach, I will dig deep on this person and find out if they fit the bill for an interim head coach that can get us a couple cheap wins. This was a double threat too, because you not only had all the textbook stuff about Izzy, but you also had the rivalry game. Yeah. Like the very vicious physical rivalry that these two teams have. I don't think that a team has swept the other in like eight years. They, they always split the series. Yeah. So when you, when you combine the two of those, it felt like a, a nice bounce back for the Saints.


Yeah. And, and the Saints, the Saints offense basically did it, it was a microcosm of their entire season. The first half they looked awesome and then they just sucked again for the second half. But their defense held on and yeah, the Fal, I think the Falcons, I don't know what to think of the Falcons actually, to be honest with you. I don't know what to think of the Falcons. I think they're, they're a good team. I think they're lose, They're fine. You know what? They're fine. They're gonna probably win the NFC South. Yeah. I'd say most likely. Most likely. I'd say that they're a fine team. You Think if the Falcons and the Commanders were matched up in the playoffs, would would take the Commanders? I would take The Commanders. I would be at the Falcons most likely because I, I don't think the, the Falcons are gonna probably win the NFC South. So they'd have a home playoff game.


It would probably be Falcons like minus two and I would take the commanders' money line. I like That spot. I love that spot for Us. Yeah. That's a good spot for you. I would, Falcons got kind of a tough road though coming up. They have the Broncos Chargers and Vikings. Those aren't, those are good defenses. I Would rather play the Falcons on the road than the Eagles at home. Yes. That's where I'm at. Yeah. And Bijan is still the best. Oh, we're watching Sunday night football. It is very confusing though how they decide to use Bijan and how they decide to use Algire. Yeah. Because there was that one goal line stand where it was just like, we're gonna try our damnedest to get Al Jira touchdown. We're gonna hand the ball to him three times in a row.


Then when our back's up against the wall, okay, fine. We'll get, we'll let Robinson get, get in the game. Yeah. Try to score touchdown. Yeah. I if they're, if you're on the one yard line, just let your best running back, running in. I know that you guys do the thing where you're trying to divvy up their workload and Okay. One drive for one guy, one drive for the other guy. But in that situation, just put fucking Bijan Robinson in the game. Yeah. Yeah. I And he, the touchdown that he did score, he was kind of dead to rights and he is just like, I'm faster than everyone. Okay. Other two early games. Bills 30, COLS 20. I have to ask what the, the cols are doing. What's the plan here now? Because I, you brought in Flaco, we love Flaco to make a playoff push you're own two.


Now Flaco starts, I guess the plan is that you're still in a playoff push. I think it's like they wanted, they wanted Richardson to learn from Flaco and in a weird way, I feel like Flaco has learned from Richardson. Oh, the first two picks, they were very Anthony Richardson like. Yeah, they were bad. And he had a fumble as well. This was, this was a game where I actually thought it was like a tough spot for the bills because coming off the Dolphins win, they got the Chiefs on deck and the bills did play a little clunky. They just got four turnovers and Josh Allen was not not great at the start of the game. And then in the fourth quarter he put together two 13 play drives and, and took the game away.


I have a fun stat for you. Yeah. Josh Allen has now tied OJ Simpson for most bills, rushing touchdowns. Oh wow. How about that elite company That is elite company. The Bills have been waiting for so long for that record to be Fucking You gotta, yeah, Josh, that's gonna be a big day when he breaks out. You gotta Get that. They're probably gonna put up like a permanent banner in the stadium. Yeah, I was so I was taking notes before we sat down and I was like, what, what is the plan? Why not just play Anthony Richardson? You're not gonna make the playoffs. But they're still, right now they're the eighth seed in in the A FC and obviously the AC doesn't make the playoffs, but they're a couple wins away. So I guess you gotta keep going for this playoff push Thing. I guess you, you make the playoffs, you lose your first game. Yeah. Bad draft.


Pick, Rinse And repeat. Also Why Shane Siken, who I think is a good coach. Why did you stop running with Jonathan Taylor in this game? Did he used to do this in Philly? What, what was the, what was up with that? I don't know. He, Jonathan Taylor had 16 carries 107 yards in the first half. In the second half he had five carries for seven yards. And it was a one score game all the way into the fourth quarter. It wasn't like the bills ran away with it, it was 20 to 13. What felt like forever, Maybe he was tired. He ran so far. I don't know. That was weird. That was very weird. Also, the, I mean, you could say the same for the bills. 'cause I, I feel like James Cook, the bills should just run the ball more.


They, they get a little cute, especially with Keon Cole with Tamari Cooper and Keon Coleman banged up like run the ball more, dude. Yeah. That's been the knock on the bills for the last couple. I I feel like Joe Brady is not a guy that loses sight of that For the most part. He tries to remember. Okay. It's not a bad thing to run the ball even though you have Josh Allen if the running game's working stick with it. But He only had, he only had eight carries in the first half and Josh Allen was four for 10 for 25 yards and two picks on first down passes. Yeah. Run the ball. You guys are a good running Team. I mean the bills are playing pretty good for a team whose Superbowl window is closed. Yeah, that's true. No, I I I actually like, I weirdly is it was kind of a sloppy win for the bills.


But I give them a lot of credit because I thought this was a bad spot for them and they just take care of business. Yeah. They found it like the fourth quarter happened. Like I said, it felt like the bills had the ball for the entire fourth quarter. They went field 13 play field goal drive interception 13 play touchdown drive game over. Yeah. Depending on what happens next week, I fully reserve the right to reverse this take and do a 180 on it. But I feel better about the bill's chances in the postseason right now than I did I think at any point last year. I feel like the bills should maybe try to lose this game so then they can beat 'em in the playoffs and they can avoid everyone being like, oh, you won your week 11 Super Bowl against the Chiefs. But I also think they're in that dangerous spot where every heartbreaking loss that Sean McDermott has to the Chiefs makes it more likely that he loses to the Chiefs again.


Yeah. I think that the Chiefs being undefeated going in the playoffs, they have more pressure than if they had One. Yeah. So yeah. So I'm saying the bill's kind of sneaky might wanna lose this game. Yeah, I know they don't. Is is, I know this is the dumbest thought I've had is Losing this game. The Buffalo Bills Super Bowl. It, it might be smart 'cause then you can kind of just be like, Start the championship DVD that's Started the championship DVD and people can't talk shit where they're like, oh, you beat 'em in the regular season. Can't beat 'em in the playoffs. You avoid that. Well don't talk shit. Well No, they, they can't beat they won't Say that. You just can't beat em now. You just can't beat 'em. They Beat 'em in the regular season I think last year or maybe it was the year before. But if, if they, if they lose the Chiefs Hank's.


Right. This is like, you definitely can't beat nobody on that sideline. Truly believes that they can beat the Chiefs unless they see one go in. But that happened last year. Yeah. It didn't work out. No, But what I think what Hank is saying is you weirdly want the Chiefs to be undefeated. 'cause the pressure's gonna get too high. Yeah. The pressure of an undefeated season and a threepeat is a lot Is a shit load that's guys playing real tight. Hank real tight. Would you rather see they playing loose? Would you Rather see the Chiefs go undefeated in the regular season and not win the Super Bowl or the Chiefs get beaten up and then win the Super Bowl? No, undefeated lose.


Yeah. It means nothing. It means nothing. No, it means Nothing. That season means nothing to you. No. It's just disappointing. It's a disappointing season. It's like the, you wanna say it's the greatest season of all time, but you can't Yeah, because anyone could just say is watching didn't win the Super Bowl. Is watching the Chiefs like your number one interest in football right now? No. What is ear washing huskies? No, they're terrible. Yeah. Whopping Pit football. I like, I like, I mean the, the Bears, it's kind of over. I like, I was enjoying the, the Commanders and Bears Dynamics and now I'm, I'm backing on the Patriots. Yeah. Drake may you were wrong about Drake May.


Yeah. I was Not wanting to play. I was, I was wrong. But like making Sure the Chiefs don't, He's monitoring the Chiefs Yet. Yes. Do you have an eye on the Chiefs at all times? No. Doesn't matter till the playoffs. The Chiefs are like the it match. Right. The Chiefs like the play Patriots where it's like their season doesn't start till the playoffs got. And I think that if they're undefeated going into the start of the season, a lot more pressure. Got it. So, and it would make a lot more pressure on me. So once The playoff start, that's when your attention will turn to like Chiefs. Yeah. All eyes on make sure that The Chiefs don't win. It's perfect. Yeah. In a roundabout way. Hank is back to his old, his old me where it's like he doesn't pay attention until the playoff start. Yeah. But now it's just the About the Chiefs. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.


But you were right. You're IPFT for a reset year. The bills are eight and two. Yeah. And they're definitely a Super Bowl contender. Yeah. I I do think the bills, they they should try to win on Sunday against the Chiefs. You think so? Yeah. I think they Should try it. I'm thinking about it more because they're, they're one other, was it Sunday night football? If that was the problem, what if, what if they just, they were trying too hard. What if they don't try to win? They take big cat's advice and somehow they'll end up winning. Yeah. I'm I'm gonna walk back my, I think they should try to win because their other big game this year was against the Ravens. They got killed. Yeah. They gotta, yeah. They gotta they gotta prove it. They gotta beat the Chiefs that way. It's the threeway at the top where the, where the Chiefs beat the Ravens.


The Ravens beat the bills, the bills beat the Chiefs and you could say, holy shit, it's Wide open and the Raiders And the Raiders beat the Ravens and the Raiders. Okay. Last early game Vikings 12 Jaguars seven. This was a hell of a game because the Vikings dominated this game to an insane level and they won by five, they had 402 yards of offense to the Jaguars 143. They had 28 first downs to the Jaguars 10. And the Vikings ran 82 offensive plays. 61 of them were in the Jaguars territory. And you might say, why is it only 12 seven?


Well, Sam darn. So Sam darn. He's the first QB to win without leading his offense to a touchdown and throw three picks since Rex Grossman in the famous Monday night football game against the Cardinals where he threw four picks. And he's also the first QB to throw three picks and have zero touchdown drives since Sam Donald did it week 9, 20 18. Yeah. Where he threw four picks against Brock Osweiler and the Dolphins. So I, I like those stats where quarterbacks do something crazy and and bad and then you go back Yeah. And you're like, oh, the only other time this happened was the same guy. Yeah. They should rename that, that stat after him. The Good news is the Vikings won and their defense was like, saved the day.


The bad news is if you're a Vikings fan, are you a little worried that Sam Donald's turning back into a pump? So you might have said the stat in a different way, but it was chap's sad Jag stat of the week that the, the Vikings are the first team to win a game with zero touchdowns and three plus turnovers since 2006. Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations was the Bears who are who we thought they are. Yeah. Teddy Green teams had lost I 195 straight games before that. Also, the way that the Jaguars lost this game at the end. This is another one of those probably a poorly coached football team. Mistakes. Yep. Where Trayvon Walker threw a punch after a third down stop. Yep. Like you did your job. He was wailing on him too. You Did, you did your job. Yeah. You, you, you got a turnover where you essentially have, I, I forget how much time was left, like a minute or so.


Yeah. But you had a chance to win the game and then you're like, nah, fuck it. I'm just gonna punch this guy real quick. Yeah. It was the Jags are just, I mean M Jones do he have three turnovers in the fourth quarter? You know, he had two picks and a fumble. He Didn't look great. He looked awful. Terrible looked. He looked awful. Yeah. He Looks the Shell White helmets did not suit M Jones. He Did have a 70 yard touchdown drive and then all other drives, he had 73 yards total. Did Pete Prisco kill the Jaguars? He might've. I think he might've. I actually went back because they've been three and 13 in their last 16 games. The Jaguars have, after that hot start last year, the turnaround was when Trevor Lawrence got injured and everybody thought like, oh shit.


Maybe a year he'll be out. When he took his helmet off and you remember he had to walk Yeah. To the training room. Yeah. I don't necessarily think he got severely injured on that hit that he took. I think the walk, something about the walk, the sad slow walk that he made to the training room, it Ended it from That point on. They're three and 13. Yeah. And Doug Peterson is getting very testy. Yeah. He said a reporter asked what happened during the Mac Jones interception. He said, I'm not gonna go through the details of the play because you guys wouldn't figure it out, but we'll look at the tape tomorrow. You guys wouldn't get it. I feel like the Jaguars are permanently three And 13 In their last 16. Yes. Except for that hot start And those jerseys today. I know we discussed 'em on Friday when seeing them in action.


Maybe it was the Mack Jones part of it. Not for me. Looked like a college team. Alternate. Two things. One Mac Jones did not look as good as Trevor did. Two, the blur really fooled us. Yeah. The, yeah, the blur fucked us up on the Photoshop. Yeah. And is Trevor Lords could be out for a while now? I don't know because it felt like it was a, was it a Thursday decision? Friday decision, I Think. Yeah. But I think he said, I think I saw a report that he's getting a second opinion, which second opinions are never good. Yeah. You don't get a second opinion if your first doctor tells you something good. Yeah. He's like, you don't have herpes. Well, let me check with somebody else. Credits To Trevor Lawrence, I guess. 'cause he, you know, he's not been great this year. But it could get worse. Yeah, it could be Mac Jones by The way, if you get a second opinion on an injury and the second doctor tells you something completely different, you gotta fire that first doctor.


Right? Yeah. Well I think it's kind of, you just keep asking people to, hoping that someone's gonna say You're okay. Yeah. He could miss miss the rest of the season with serious AC joint Spring per Diana Rossini. Mm. What do you think about that mem? Fugazi. Fugazi. Oh, So you don't think he's actually injured? No, they're probably just sent 'em out. 'cause they're out to playoff contention. She did say the other day that when she, she posts anti Jets news, like Jets News. That Jets find Jets fans will find disappointing. She thinks about memes before she sends it. Do you like that memes? That's actually kind of cute. Memes. That's some like strange, but Sure.


Yeah. It's not that strange. You guys have a little thing. You guys have a little, you know, It's a healthy Rivalry back and forth going on. It's cute. It's very cute. It's whatever. Yeah. I, I don't know. What if you're the Vikings? I don't know. You just gotta hope and pray that Sam darn keeps it together a little bit. I'm not done believing. I'm not done believing. But the cracks have begun to show. Would you say that's fair? Yeah. Like, but But if the cracks are showing in their winning games, are they even really a crack Bears? Could be the Vikings. Yeah, they Could probably not. Yeah. Bad If you get a bad Blitz Sam Game. Brian Flores blitzing.


Probably not. Probably not. Yeah, because yeah, Sunday night football, he was not great in the first half in that game, right? Yeah. So If you get a bad Sam game and you get away with a blatant face mask, you could win. Maybe. Maybe. Okay. Let's, oh, also shout out the Vikings new kicker. John Parker Romo. Yeah. He's signed off the street. Four for four. JP Romo. Yeah. JP Romo. I don't know. I just like that they found a guy off the street. He's, he was just tossing around. He was, I think he was on a bunch of practice squads. I think he was out of a job for a while. Good for JP Romo. My Husband cannot hold the ball and kick the ball at the Same time. JP Romo.


Okay, before we get to the afternoon games, PFT, you wanna do a couple ads? Yes.


Before we get to the afternoon games, they're brought to you by our great friends over at Paramount. The epic return of Yellowstone is here. You guys watch Yellowstone Love Yellow? I do not, but I heard it's good. I love Yellowstone. I watch every episode and it's only on the Paramount network. The weight is over people. The television phenomenon is back. Everything is at stake with the Dutton's darkest secrets on the verge of being exposed and as threats mount on all fronts. What will become of the Dutton family? Can they save the Yellowstone Ranch in their way of life? How far will Beth Dutton go to protect the family legacy? My personal guest probably pretty far. And who's going to the train station? Generations of blood have led to this. Nothing. And I mean, nothing will prepare you for the must see phenomenon that you don't want to miss from co-creator Taylor Sheridan Yellowstone. New episode. Sundays at eight seven Central, only on the Paramount Network.


These games are also brought to you by Uber Eats. It's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all of your game day favorites, fellas. It's been two weeks since I've ordered Uber Eats to the wrong location. I'm on a hot streak because I noticed on their user interface where I should be looking. I'm taking care of myself. I'm getting getting Buy one get one free fries from McDonald's only on Uber Eats. That's a great deal. If you're craving even more, they've got you covered. They get game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more all season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand food delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms. Taxes and fees apply. See the app for details.


Okay. Afternoon games. One of the worst slates of afternoon games. I mean, we've talked about this a million times, but doing three games, you just leave yourself open to exactly what happened. All three games pretty much were non-competitive and shitty, but we gotta talk about 'em. 'cause there are big storylines coming out of it. Chargers 20 s Titan 17. Justin Herbert is so good. He's so goddamn good. I know his numbers. He was 14 for 18 for 164 yards, but he was breaking ankles and this team is just playing hard ba ball where he doesn't make mistakes. Can I tell you one thing that his numbers are elite at interceptions? Yeah.


So he does not throw interceptions going into this game. Justin Herbert was tied for third lowest interception rate in NFL history. Yep. You know who he was tied with? Brady, Aaron Rogers, Brady Burrow. Mahomes, Colin Kaepernick. Oh, great. Wild list. Now he's in third all alone after this game. Second place. Aaron Rogers. Yep. First place. You'll never get this in a million years. Mm. Hank maybe. Maybe Hank will get it. Mm. What, what year? Jacobi Bri. Ah, yeah, it is. But yeah, he, He, he doesn't turn the ball over. I don't think he's thrown an interception since week Two. Week two. Week two was the last time he threw an interception. He's playing Harbaugh ball.


I feel like he doesn't wanna let Harbaugh down. Yeah. He's basically like, they, they have their system. Their defense is elite. Their defense has 18 sacks in the last three games. They also are leading the leagues in points per game allowed at 13.1. The next closest is the Steelers at 16.2. They just have the formula. They have the formula down. And Justin Herbert is like, it's, it's, it's nice seeing a guy who he thought was good, who maybe didn't have the win-loss record that you'd, you'd expect to have a really good defense now backing him up. Where I think it's, it's something ridiculous where it's like, like 35 and, and like six or seven.


The Justin Herbert, his record when his defense allows 24 points or less in the game. Yeah. Also, Justin Herbert, I think we have to start calling him Beast now. Yeah. Because Jim Harbaugh said that should be his name. Yeah. For now on is Beast Herbert? Yeah. Great Beast. Herbert great nickname by Coach Harbaugh. Yeah. He's, he. Yeah. I mean, I don't, I I know we do this every week, but Harbaugh makes me laugh every single week. Did you Max, can you pull it? Oh, max walked out. He was just walking out. Can you pull up the, the, I tweeted it, but Harbaugh, it's as simple as having the entire team. High five. Yeah. It looks like the most fun ever. So watch this clip. Hold on. Go, go to the start. We can't hear anything.


Give everybody a high five And we gotta start doing this. High fives bring Back the high Five. Everybody a high five, And then they just go around high fiving each other. That's awesome. Dude's rock. I, we gotta start doing this in the office. Yeah. Shout out. Was it Dusty Baker? Yeah, Dusty Baker invented the high five. Hey, give everybody a high five. And it's just, yeah, I mean the, the, that's, That's the human body loving contact right there. Yeah. They're, the team is rolling. They, they have a formula and it works perfectly. And yeah, they're, they're just a good team now for the Titans. Will, Levis was back, didn't have a catastrophic turnover. Also, this game kind of turned when Herbert had the fumble that was a returned for a touchdown, then it was ruled not a fumble.


I I don't really know. I I feel like they might have gotten it right. But I, I understand if Titans fans were upset about that. Also, I found out that I think one of the rules guys in the NFL, his last name is Butterworth, which that's kind of funny. That is very funny because there was like a pool report and Butterworth had to, had to explain what they saw in that. Yeah. That's awesome. But yeah, no Doy Doy plays for Will Levis, the Titans have a problem where their defense is also good, but they play a good half of football and that's about it. Because this season they're being outscored 125 to 53 in the second half. Yeah. It's an issue for 'em. They, it seems like they get frustrated when they're the only unit that's out there going.


Calvin Ridley did play well today though. Yeah. Again, Calvin Ridley, he's emerged in the second, I guess the second half of the first half of the season. Deandre Hopkins just needed to be traded. Hopkins had to get any needed to complain publicly. They need, he needed to know. He's the kind of guy that needs to know he's the guy. Yeah. He had to like very publicly complain for it to, to work out. But yeah, I, I'm just impressed with the Chargers and Yes, a lot of it is jealousy because I think that Jim Harbaugh would go to any team and do this, I think, I think probably. Yeah. Yeah. You think of like any, it's culture opening in the NFL Harbaugh's gonna turn around pretty quick. Yeah. And, and, and Now who knows like what the ultimate result's gonna be. I could see the Chargers going to the Super Bowl in the next three Years. I, I think I said a FC championship in the next three years.


I I, I believe that, I mean, Herbert's doing this with not like, it's, it's not like he has an insane cast of characters. I mean, LA McConkey who I like Quentin Johnson. Who? Quentin Johnson. Everyone Cast off. He's good now. Yeah. I mean, they get a couple more studs at wide receiver and they'd be a very hard team to stop. Oh wow. That was a deep field goal. We're watching the last five minutes of the Lions Texan games, which has been a pick fest that was an, a bomb of a field goal to tie at 23. 23. So yeah. I, I'm impressed with the Chargers. Titans are kind of, they're in the camp of teams that are gonna, bad teams that are gonna keep playing hard. Did the Chargers or the Titans have any special teams mistakes today?


I didn't see any. They did give up a big punt return. A big punt return, but not so Yeah. Was it a touchdown? No, but it was, I'll, I'll get the exact yardage. By the way, our good friend coach Ron Rivera just texted me and said, the the lion should be up by one right now. I like that because they went for two. Yeah, I like That. He hates Two points. That's, he really Hates two point conversions. Yeah. I they'll the, the Titans. Yeah. Their, their special teams still suck. It still sucks. Let me find the exact, I know it was a, in the second half, I wanna say they gave a pretty big punt return that they're just good for one really bad situation.


Every single, it feels like every single game. And we, we talked about it, they have the wor the second worst special teams unit of all time. They Have to play perfect on like mistake free on offense and mistake free on special teams to have any chance in a game. Yeah. And it's just, it just doesn't happen for them. They just can't put the whole thing together and it's just, yeah. It's, it's hard. Oh, they missed a field goal. I had A, I didn't miss a Field goal. I had a wanna feel old stat or not really a stat. It's just a thought today. Asante Samuel Jr. Yeah. Right. So he's on the Chargers. I don't know what his career is gonna look like, but I read a report about how this is probably gonna be his last season with the Chargers.


And I was like, well, how, how much longer is he gonna be in the league? And started doing the math on it. And he's only been in the league I think three years, but within a few years we're going to have a conversation about Asante Samuel Jr. Maybe retiring from football. Yeah. And that's gonna make me feel so much older than when Asante Samuel Jr. Became a football player That I, my only note on Asante Samuel Jrs that time I said that he was, he was cooked and then he had three interceptions in that playoff. Yeah. That was funny. That was bad. That was, that was, that was, that was instant and instantly bad. They had a 56 yard kickoff return. Okay. The Chargers. That's bad. Yeah. That's pretty bad. You don't want to have that happen. That, that feels like not a good thing for how you wanna play football.


And Yeah. Their special team still sucks. Okay, let's do Eagles. 34 Cowboys, six Max Ax. Absolutely. Kicking ass. That was a shit pumping Whomping Whomping. Yeah. You, you ed him good. You amped him. Good. You Amped him into Trey Lance. You amped him into, to the main story being about the sun because we had CD lamb losing the ball. An easy touchdown because Jerry Jones built his stadium where the sun just directly shines onto half of the field through like the lower part where it's really, really hard to see. Well, there's no way that they would know where the sun was going to be setting between the hours of 1:00 PM and 5:00 PM every day.


Yeah. They didn't know that you could build a stadium facing north south. Oh Wait, he did know, He did know that. Because it's happened for the last, depending on how old you think the earth is, at least 60,000 years. And he got really mad at, at the reporters after. And he said that, he said, by the way, we know where the sun is gonna be when we decide to flip the coin or not. We do know where this damn sun is gonna be in our own stadium. And then, and then someone asked if, why not put up the curtains over the window? He said, let's tear down the stadium. Let, let, well, let's tear the damn stadium down and build another one. Are you kidding me? That, that seemed like a, the curtains seemed like a fair point. You can't put curtains up. It would, it would Tear down the whole stadium. Yeah. So you have to tear down. You don't know anything about building stadiums Big Cat.


You have to tear, you have to build it from the studs up if you wanna install curtains. Yeah. And then he said everybody's got the same thing. Every team that comes in here has the same issues. I'm saying the world knows where the sun is. You get to know that almost a year in advance. Someone asked me about the sun. What about the sun? Where's the Moon? Yeah. Where's the moon? What's, what's next? I like the slippery slope argument in this. We're Talking about, was that Jerry Jones or Joe Biden? We're Talking about the fucking sun. Where's the sun? He's like, next thing you guys are gonna be asking me where the moon is. Well, Jerry, the moon doesn't make a difference, Jerry. It, It's completely asinine that the sun in a, in a dome stadium and the ability to put up curtains is this much of an impact in the game. Jerry Jones is as close as we'll get is Mr. Burns to an owner in the NFL.


But Mr. Burns knew at least how to block the sun out. Correct. And I also think, I feel like it's like, I think maybe he did fuck up building the stadium the way he built it. I'm sure. Sure. Like I think he built it east west and he should have been building it, nor like the end zone should be north south. Yeah. And he probably, they probably started building it and by the time they were halfway done, he's like, wait, hold on a second. Did we fuck this up? And now he's, it, it feels like maybe they struck a chord. This is the second time this year too, where it's, it's had a serious impact on his own team Yes. Being able to play. Yes. And it's not like that's a home field advantage. It's not like this is, this is Acrisure stadium where you have a better sense of where the winds are blowing because you play it all the time.


This is impacting both teams and I guess they know like how to manage the kickoffs and the coin flips so that they get less of the sun. Well, it didn't work out this time. It's, it's very funny though that this is the conversation that we're having about the Dallas Cowboys So funny. And the Cowboys are bad. They're bad. I mean, without Dak Prescott, they're really bad. They couldn't do anything offensively. Trey Lance came in. Trey Lance, by the way, congratulations. Trey Lance now has more pass attempts in high school, college in NFL combined than Tom Brady's last season for the Bucks. Okay, That's cool. So he's just finally passed it. He's Learning for, For one season of Tom Brady. Let Let the young man develop a little bit. I, I think it's funny because the Cowboys obviously did not play a particularly inspired brand of football today.


They didn't play an entertaining style of football today. And you look at the schedule and you know that we're gonna get more Cowboys games in prime time, they'll start flexing. And I think most people are like, fuck, I can't believe we have to watch the Cowboys in prime time. I actually think the opposite. Yeah. I kinda like watching the Cowboys in prime time when they're at this stage. Yeah. 'cause you know, Jerry's gonna get really upset. He's gonna, he's gonna scream about the sun. Yeah. At some point. Thi this is good for America. Yeah. We're, we're at each other's throats all the time. We hate each other. Let's give ourselves something to, to unite behind. And I feel like laughing at the Cowboys is just good for vibes in this country Now. Yeah, agreed. So maybe Flex them into more prime time games. Yeah. And by the way, shout out to Saquon.


He had never beaten the Cowboys. He was oh and 10. He now has beaten the Cowboys. Oh. And 10 with the Giants. Againsts Cowboys. Max, let's talk about it. How are you feeling? I mean, your defense is playing well I know it's Cooper Rush and Trey Lance, but still it feels like the Vic Fangio system is starting to take hold. And your offense looked great. That drive at the end of the first half was like, that was the game basically. Yeah. Everything looks, I mean, past four games, 28 points, 37 points. 28 points. 34 points. Look at that offense. Looks great. Defense looks great. Couple bad turnovers in the first half, but you cleaned it up in the second half and just beat the shit out of a team. That sucks. Jalen looked healthy. Yeah, He looked healthy.


Yeah. Did you, did you see the, the controversy about the injury report this week? Yep. That was that Sirion won't Siri Good coach. Yeah, I was gonna ask you, I have a, what was the controversy? Yeah, yeah. I want to hear You didn't really answer the question. He just kind of mumbled a few words and then said Sirianni good coach. Because It was such a stupid thing for him to do. Yeah. So what'd he do? He just told on himself. Yeah. So, so what happened was they, they asked him about Jalen Hurtz and how he didn't practice. I think that was on Wednesday this week. And the question was, we haven't seen Jalen hurts be held back for load management before. What was behind that decision on Wednesday? And Siri said, yeah, he was dealing with, it was on the injury report.


He was dealing with the ankle, you know, just making sure we're precautious with everything. And then the reporter said, Jalen hurts wasn't on the injury list with an ankle. And then Siri goes, what, what was that? That was a rest. Yeah. Sorry, I thought you were talking about somebody else. And then he said, is, is Jalen Hertz dealing with an ankle problem? And he said, no, it's rest. That's great. He just, he Misspoke. Sorry, the question was, is this your handwriting? He misspoke. Yeah. So Max, he did look healthy though today. Yeah. No. Like I watching him play, I was like, maybe, maybe it was load management. Maybe siRNA is just a, just an idiot. Yeah. No, this, this was one of those games. I guess it got a little stressful there in the beginning. Hank was being an asshole.


I don't, I think Hank was being a, a news. He was being Hank. Yeah. He was just being Hank Cheering on The boys. He can't exist. Yeah. So it, I mean it What? Yeah. He can't exist. By the time the second half came around, you Stood up and told me to suck your dick. Oh, That's true. Yeah. Well you Were and you almost made meme suck your dick. Yeah. You, you stood up, you Touched, it was like in meme's face. You Touched your penis. I, I apologized. You just suck my dick. I regretted doing that. I wish I, if I could take it back, I would. I Was rooting for my Cowboys. And you made it personal. They're not your Cowboys. Did you bet on 'em? Yeah. They're his Cowboys. Well, Hank has been to a playoff Cowboys game more recently than you've been to a playoff Eagles game. I've never been to a playoff Eagles game.


Oh wow. I rest my case Fair. Oh Wait, that's not true. I've been to the Super Bowl. Oh yeah, I've been to the Super Bowl. That's, it's a pretty big playoff Game. I was, I was thinking at the link I Won. I got a question for you, max. Is it time to give Nick Sirianni a contract extension? He's coaching good football right now. He Is 41 and 19 is the Eagle's head coach. Damn. 20 of those wins by 10 points or more. So almost half. He also is the first Eagles head coach to begin with. First three or first three seasons. Or three seasons with a record, seven or two or better in three consecutive seasons.


He's a really good coach. I think you gotta lock him up long term. I don't, I always like to ask this question, Bette, if he was on the open market right now in second, how, how quickly would another team snatch your money that Fast? That fast That wouldn't he be able to get it outta your mouth? I mean, You'd kill to have him on the Bears. Yeah. Kidding me. I agree. Like that Super Bowl. I, I like the way He was winning the Super Bowl. Yeah. Gets the guys ready for the game. There we go. What do you like driving the bus to the stadium? No, he got, he gets the, the team in a position to win pre pregame. Okay. Got I said I would never, I'm not, I would never complain about him for the rest of the year. And I won't. I a good coach. That's, Yeah.


And You have nothing to complain about today. So contract extension. Congrats. I think he's a good coach. Okay. We need a contract extension for Nick Sirianni. Lock him up. Lock him. I think he's a good coach. That's for the Cowboys. I don't know. I don't know what they do. It sounds like Dak is gonna be out for the rest of the year. He he got surgery ced the injury. Yeah, He's getting surgery on the hamstring. So they're either gonna stick with Cooper Rush or they're going to bring in the weirdest. I don't know how they made the decision of, now it's time to put Trey Lance in the game at this point. I think they're just in a, fuck it. It was like the saddest spark ever because he just put 'em in for two plays. Yeah. One of, they were both rushing plays, right? Yeah. He just ran the ball up the middle. No, he came in I think. But that was later. Yeah, later. Yeah. So they Initially put him in for, for a two play shot in the arm.


Yeah. And he, he did like a draw and then a handoff. And then they're like, okay, get the fuck outta the game tray Lance, we don't need you anymore. Yeah. Scram. I don't really know what they're doing with 'em at this point. I don't know what they're doing with their entire setup that they have going because they, they were not a good team when Dak was playing. But you could have convinced me that they would've been able to figure it out. Because Dak has a history of showing up and, and putting some points on the board with CD Lamb. You could have convinced me that they would've been able to put together a little bit of a run. But now it feels like the, the run isn't even an issue. No, there's no run coming. Not on the table. There's no run coming. And in a weird way, I feel like this is like almost good for Mike McCarthy, Jerry Jones, the whole Cowboys organization.


'cause they can just say it was Dak even though we know the truth. They were bad before Dak got hurt. But they can say lost season because of Dak. Yeah. It is a good scapegoat for Mike McCarthy. Right? For sure. It's like, yeah, Dak got hurt. Dak didn't get hurt. None of this would've happened. But in reality it was already happening. 'cause Dak already was, you know, not playing well. And the Cowboys as a whole we're not playing well. Yeah. McCarthy can definitely gaslight the shit outta that and say that we were on the cusp of turning the season around. Also, the Cowboys are one of those teams where like they have three guys that if any of 'em get hurt, they're fucked. Michael Parsons getting hurt, fucked him for that stretch. Now Parsons is back. Yeah. And I kind of feel bad for him because he's gonna have to be out there doing it on his own.


Yeah. And they're not gonna get wins. And he's gonna be frustrated. I can't wait for his podcast though. Yeah, It's be great. By the way, Kylie Fairburn is attempting a 58 yarder. Why do you not go for this? And he missed it. Yeah. That's stupid. Go for that. Now the Lions can turn around. So dumb. That was really stupid. Dan Campbell would've gone for it. Dan Campbell would've gone for it. Airlines are gonna win this game and they looked so bad in the first half. But they're just, that's just what they do. They're just a good team. A really good team. Okay. Last game. Cardinals 31, jet six. Now before we get to memes, I would like to talk about the Arizona Cardinals and that the fact that this team is for real and they're playing incredible ball.


I think this is their fourth straight win. Five outta the last six. They have not allowed a touchdown in two straight games. They've not allowed 'em to touchdown in three outta their last four games. Their defense is playing well and Kyler Murray is awesome. He was incredible today. 22 for 24. The ball didn't touch hit the ground after the first quarter. He was 17 for 17. Everything they wanted to do, they were able to do. He was great. He was throwing it everywhere. He was making play, extending plays with his feet. I feel like the Cardinals like this is a tough team that believes in themselves. Also, Buda Baker was everywhere. He's just, he's an absolute heat seeking missile.


I'm impressed with the Cardinals. I think they're really good. By the way, the, the stats on Ler Murray going 17 for 17. Yeah. One in 408 chance statistically. What does that mean? That Was the, the chance of him getting, of having 17 straight completions based on the difficulty of the completions. Oh, how hard. Yeah, one in 408. That's Pretty impressive. Pretty Impressive. Yeah. Keller Murray's playing awesome right now. Also Tre McBride. Yeah. It was somehow he never got brought into the baby Gronk conversation when we used to call every tight end. I mean, this is before the actual baby Gronk. Yeah. But every good young tight end was called Baby Gronk. Yeah. Tre McBride is baby Gronk. He's, he's awesome. He's that good. Also, we need to remind people that he used to play basketball. He did?


Yeah. He used to play basketball. We always said Tight in to played basketball. So maybe it's ba baby gates. Okay. Baby gates. Baby gate or baby. I've never heard of that. Yeah, I Baby gates. I'm trying to think who else would've Been Gates at some point. Baby gate. Yeah. Makes Babygram Babygram baby Jimmy. But yeah, he's, he's so fucking fun to watch Baby Travis jumping people over. Baby Travis. Baby Travis Baby Travis is Cute because you don't really think of any baby's name. Travis. No you don't. Like If you had a baby, you're like, Hey, here's my baby. It's Travis. Yeah. That's a weird name for a baby. Baby Travis comes out of the, outta the birth canal like it's a half pipe on a skateboard. Yeah. He's Got a already smoking a Cigarette. He's got a monster energy hat on. Ready to go.


Yeah. The Minute he, he comes out now. So Mike, this into insult stats. So if it is memes, you can go ear muffs. He's so, he's boiling with rage right now Before the Jets. I look at his face. He's mad. We're Just gonna update it. We're gonna update the stat real quick. During the Zach Wilson era, oh, through this point in the season 10 games, the Jets averaged a hundred six, a hundred seventy six points and 2,103 passing yards. That's a a a three season sampled right there. Okay. The 2024 Jets have scored 177 points and thrown for 2,117 passing yards. Oh no. So they do have 14 more passing yards.


And one more point. Zack Wilson was bad. Is there breakdown on the points? What Do you Mean defense special teams? Oh, good point. He's trying to, he's calling you a Rossini. That's, you know what's point, he's calling you a rossini. I, I don't have a breakdown of the points, But the yards are very similar. The Yards, the the yards are Similar, but the points, well, those, Those 14 more 14 more yards. Yeah. 14 more. I know for a fact the touchdowns are the Zach Wilson Air was defense specialty. Okay. Okay. Defense touchdowns. Top five defense Memes. I got a question for you.


It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-P-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers, shorts. Go to Rollback dot com right now. Promo code take, I was wearing the sweatshirt this weekend in Oxford. Super, super comfortable clothes. Great, great. Joggers, everything. Rollback dot com promo code. Take memes.


The jet season is fill in the blank. It's over. Okay, So we're good? Yeah, we're good. It's over. We didn't even show up. Went out. Very, very sad. Both of our seasons ended in Arizona. Yeah, no, it, it's sad. And we only had two opportunities to even be in this game today, which is even sadder. It was a tackle that Ahma Gardner couldn't make. And then the touchdown that Devonte Adams dropped. That was it. Memes have a question? Yeah. I wanna take your side on something. What was the call for the illegal snap? We had the sound off. So I'm guessing it was just an inadvertent whistle that the refs were just like, that's on us. But according to Gene Erritory, he said that, that that Jets were offside And we should have got called for It.


Got it. Memes. I got a question. Yep. I noticed you called him Ahad Gardner. Yeah. He, He, you've take, you've stripped him of his, his sauce. His name's gone. You've stripped him, him of his sauce. He's Not good enough Anymore. Do you think that Ahma Gardner formerly known as Sauce Gardner has maybe suffered from Henry Lockwood Disease? I knew this was coming. I mean, it's, it's true. Guy gets obsessed with golf. Golf so much loses his powers at his job. I think so. And the big contracts that were out there in preseason Yeah. Got to his head being like, oh, I'm gonna make this much money. And then You think other, you think, you think he got fat, happy, and complacent based on other people's contracts?


Yes. And the fact that he was all pro the first two seasons. And what about the Henry Lockwood Disease? Men can't have hobbies anymore. It's sad. Well, I mean, it's just, he was Playing so much golf. If, if golf gets in the way of your job, I think it's something like you, it would be important. That hasn't gotten in the way with mod. We're talking about Quarterback For the, we're talking about, ah, mod Gardner. They're on The field every week. We're talking about you. They're showing up on the field every week. We're not talking about you we're talking about Ama Gardner. He's he's playing every week. Yeah. Is he playing? Well? Well, Well, So is that the, if you, if you get obsessed with golf, all you gotta do is show up. I don't, I don't see the correlation. Well, He started playing poorly after he started playing golf.


Yeah. Similar to you? No. Started playing poorly after you started playing golf? No. He could've played golf as much as he played golf. And there's probably people that play way more golf than he does. He just like you happened to share it on social media because he was trying to engage with the fans of his team. Oh, so He is doing it for his job. No, it that the mistake was posting about it. Got it. If you're gonna have a hobby, never share it because people will just hold it against you for as long as you live. Can you offer some tips to him on how to golf and not get caught golfing? Just do what you do and enjoy it for yourself and don't, you know, let bring other people in. Because even though you think it might be nice to share with people like what you enjoy doing, they're gonna hold it against you in the future.


So maybe like, don't maybe stop updating all your rounds onto 18 birdies. Do you think ah, Maud Gardner ever went up to Robert Sala over the summer, was like, Hey, do you need me for practices Afternoon? Yeah, Probably. Do you think he Messed up his hips or his hips as fluid as they were? Oh, that's a good point. I don't think his hips are as fluid. Mm. I don't know what the issue is. I blame the coach. The Jets are bad. I blame the leadership. The Jets Are bad. This is, should Aaron Rogers retire? Is he going to, I don't know. Should he? I I don't know. Oh my God. The Lions just won on the rear of the ridiculous.


Lions are invincible. That's two. They are, they snuck in. That's crazy. You win a game, throw five interceptions. That must feel pretty good. Like what a relief that is. Fuck. Like getting away with a crime. They Played like dog shit. I mean, Jared had five interceptions. Mark of a really good team. Alright, so should Aaron Rogers retire? I don't know. Should He play for the rest of the season? I think so. Well, if this is his last season, I'm done. I'm done with everybody on the team. But he should just play it out. Yeah, he should retire.


Just retire. Wait, right now. Not right now. Play, play out. Play out your last year. Have catch with your buddy Devonte. Okay. And that's it then get rid of everybody. Get rid of everybody. It'd be funny for, Well, the young guys, if he Retired during a game, That would be the most Aaron Rodgers thing. Yeah, much. Yeah. He could retire on McAfee show on Tuesday. Yeah. Yeah. I, me, I mean, listen, you said it when we were talking about the parents we're the same, The exact same. You're, I like, I actually don't even, I don't know if we're behind you now or ahead of you. 'cause we have a quarterback, but he's been bad and probably ruined.


So we still need like, but, but you're gonna get rid of Rogers and you're gonna start a new quarterback. I don't even know where. So History says for the Jets, we get rid of Aaron Rogers. He goes to the Vikings. Yeah. We go to back-to-back a FFC championship games and then restart again. Okay. That's, you'd, you'd trade for that. I'll be trade for that in a second. Yeah. What you could say, Hank, What if we Just do a trade? What? Caleb Williams. Aaron Rogers fresh start for both. I don't want, I don't want Aaron Rogers. I don't, I mean, he's old dude. What if he had one completion over 10 air yards for Aaron Rogers. Okay, so how about this? Memes season comes soon. End Rogers says, please trade me to the Minnesota Vikings.


I want to go out like Brett Fav did and he trade him for Sam Donald. Sam Donald's a free agent next year. Okay. You bring in Sam Donald. No, I I toy with that idea to my friends. They told me to fuck off, But No, but you wanted it, you Toyed with for a second. But then today was just a, was a that's what he would be on the Jets. But what if he came back and he was good Sam? He won't, he, he just won't. We need a coach. We need Mike Vrabel. Yeah. So can we pull up memes, tweets from the game? Because he was firing off. He was in his fields. He, I saw one where it was like, you should have just hired this. You should have just had this dickhead be the interim. And it was a picture in Nathaniel Hackett.


I actually don't hate that take. Yeah, Because that like, it would've just been easier. Yeah. It would've been so much easier. Let's see. All right, so here's one. Hey, hey Kev, how was your weekend? And then it's Frank from always Sunny, just hanging by a rope with a Jets jersey on. Then the next one is, should've just made this fucking idiot interim. Just so everyone could have hated him instead of Jeff. That's Nathaniel Hackett. That's just a retweet of Bobby Boucher. Of a Bobby Boucher parody account. Wait, you have a, it's a retweet from himself. Oh, you have a you have a burner. Yeah. For videos. Okay. So it says this is the worst Jets defensive performance of all time. Clean house fire. Every single person.


Release every single guy on a one year deal. See what the Young's young Young's got supposed to Say. Young guys. Young's got and restart season over. Why? You didn't want to do that on your main No, well it's a meme account. You gotta post a meme. I didn't have anything for that. He had, we had three drives. It was a meme and then he, for Ahad Gardner, he said keep golfing guy. That's brutal. Hank, you gotta stand up for him. You gotta stand up for a mod guy. I, I can't You took away the sauce nickname. Oh, then you got a, a model plane crashing. Oh No. Model plane just blowing Up. That's a Vien. That's a, A model Jet. That plane is a vien made by Saab.


You got, you got, I nailed it. Speaking fluent German. If you think we fucking me And that was Sha Hockley. Alright, memes. Well, here's a stat. Most losses since the start of the 2017 season Jets 86 Giants 85. That's crazy. Joke of a city. Holy shit. Whoa. Shit. New York Liberty won 171 losses since the start of 2017 between the two teams. That's crazy. Yeah. That's The thing that always fools you about the Giants. So the Giants, I I would trade positions in a second with what the Giants have two Super Bowls. Yes. Two, two Super Bowls. And then you go through, you know, years and years of ass.


But you still have those two Super Bowls against one of the most successful dynasties of all time. We'll wait to see if they are the most after the Chiefs, but I would trade that in a heartbeat. Yeah, easily. But you're right. The Giants have fooled everyone because they won those two Super Bowls and they're a historic franchise. They have been so ass for so long now. Yeah, it's Asheville. It's Asheville. So what, what do you say that you should do with, with Sauce? Or excuse me? You don't call him Sauce anymore. You call him Ahad Gravy. Gardner. 'cause he is from New Jersey For a second. I thought like that was a different player. Yeah, No, that's him. So what do, what Do you do? He's gotta earn a second contract. Gotta get in the weight room.


You gotta gotta break down film. You gotta, you gotta learn. Gotta get better. What about the simulator? The simulator? You gotta burn it to the ground. Okay. No golf. Put in your next contract. No golf. You get to watch golf. He's actually a really good golfer too. He learned and got really good, really fast. Yeah. No, he's sick. So I guess he's not like Hank Or he could golf. Just No, no streaming. No streaming There. He had a moment over the summer where he was just on every single person's live stream. Oh. Like every single time. Sounds like he's got hobbies. Too many hobbies. Less hobbies, football. So even in the off season, no golf. Did you football All football at The time. Yeah. We need an all pro corner. I I do love the take though that he got bad because other cornerbacks got paid.


Yeah. And he got, he got pre lazy Pocket watching. He Pre lazy. Yeah. He was like, I'm gonna make a hundred million dollars. But that's not the case anymore. So now you gotta get back in the film room. No golf Pocket watching. Okay. Sunday night football. We just watched the end. I don't think I've ever seen his field goal be as close to hitting the upright and not hit the upright. The last two, I Think the last two. Yeah. And, and they were on opposite sides. See one right. One left. That was, I mean, the Lions were down 16 and they had five interceptions. Jared was off all night and they win the game. Mark of a really good team also. I don't know what to make of the Texans, because you shouldn't lose a game when you're up 16 at home and you have five interceptions.


No, it's gonna look very bad for them. And in the first half, Jared Goff, like there was something up about he, he didn't look comfortable. Obviously they were hitting him a little bit. They were, they were putting a lot of pressure on him. But sometimes even when he had clean pockets, he was like throwing 'em into the ground. Ducking away early on. Throw something that he hasn't done all season. Yeah. I mean the Texans defense is very good and it felt like they made a very concerted effort to make Jared throw and try and try to bottle up the running game as much as they could. And they did a pretty good job doing it. 'cause the Lions only had 3.3 yards per carry, which is very low for, for a team like that. And it, like, it, it did feel like Jared had to throw a ton of times and he was not good tonight.


But wins a win, I think. And the Lions team is just good. I think it's good for the team that they won this way. Yeah. In a weird way. Like the fact that their defense got turnovers or defense put 'em in a position where they win Their defense played well in the second half. Their defense played really well when their offense was struggling. Is going to make, that's gonna make things better going forward for that team. That First half CJ Stroud was absolutely slinging the rock. It looked like everything was working. The Texans didn't score in the second half. They did not score a point. The, the Lions, I mean we had the perfect coaching interview when Dan Campbell started. The second half was like, we need to get a turnover. Boom. Turnover. Unfortunately Jared then threw a turnover back. But yeah, their, their defense bucked up and really good win for the Lions.


And I don't thetans are gonna win the A FC South 'cause the A FC South. I don't know. Maybe when we get Nico, when they get Nico Collins back, we can see what they look like. Did you like the jerseys by the way? I did. I did not like these. Oh, I actually liked the Jaguar shell whites better than I Liked them. Oh, I liked the candy apple helmets. They were, they looked fast. The battle red. Here's why I didn't like the battle Red Big Cat because it's against the Lions. I feel like you have to save those for an a FC opponent. Yeah. Maybe. I just, I thought they looked, I thought they, I thought their first half was because of their jerseys. Yeah. Like they came out flying everywhere. And I actually like the other ones. The the dark ones. Yeah. And you didn't like I like those on the Texans a little bit better.


The H Town Blues. The H Town blues. Yeah. The H Town Blues. Yeah. The lines are really good. I, I mean, let's do a, a quick, a quick. How many teams are you comfortable saying could win the Super Bowl right this second? Detroit Lions. Detroit Lions. Kansas City Chiefs. Alright, so let's start with NFC. Okay. Detroit Lions. Yep. Philadelphia Eagles. I think I'm gonna say the Philadelphia Eagles. No, I, Why, Why can't the Philadelphia Eagles win the Super Bowl? They Can make a playoff run. They're not gonna win the Super Bowl. Right. They're not gonna beat the Chiefs. They're not gonna beat the bills. They're not gonna beat the Lions. Why? They don't have a good enough offense. They don't have a good enough defense.


They don't have a good enough coaching. Where, Where is the deficiency on offense and where's the deficiency on defense? You're getting grilled Deficient. I'm just saying in a match against the lines. Oh wait, the running back. The running game. The receivers, their offensive line. Jalen Hurtz is dealing with an ankle. You got a Quarterback? Hey. Yes. Say the training room. Training Room coaching matters. Yeah. A lot. I would say that's the deficiency of that Eagles. That is the deficiency. No, you can't say that Max. No, he's, You can't say that. Yeah, no, he is good. You want, You want Give him an extension. I can't wait till Dick Ciani does something stupid.


We're gonna be live streaming. We're doing a special Thursday night football Eagles Commanders in the PMT studio. I think Max will sit in my seat and I'll sit next to Hank on the couch. But you're, you can't say anything bad about Nick Sirianni. Nope. Okay. So I, I'll throw the Eagles in there. I Said the Eagles. I I fully believe that given what they have on all their, their roster is definitely good enough to do it. Yeah. The Coaching and Vic Fangio has completely changed this defense. Yeah. But Vic Gios boss, I don't know about him. Any other teams in the NFCI unfortunately think maybe the Packers, I don't know. I don't Know. But I'm just saying I'm not Putting them on my List.


And Jordan Love gets healthy. I think they're gonna be really good. I Think the 49 ERs Okay. I could see the Bucks making a run. They could beat the Eagles. They did. They killed you guys. I got you there. And then in the A FCI think it's the Chiefs, the Bills, the Ravens Steelers. Steelers Chargers. No, We put a future on 'em. I think. I think that they could win a playoff game. Yeah. Think, I think the Steel, no, I don't think the Texans. I I think the, I think the Steelers are in that group. The Texans haven't looked as dominant this year ever as they did last year. No. Their Offense has been, bro, like their offense looked great in the first half and then it went back to broken.


Yeah. What if the Jets get it all turned around though. Oh, what if the Jets get a pickup of someone who's out there? Hmm. What if the Jets sign Levion Bell? That'd be good dynamic. Hmm. Jets might not. Let's keep the Jets in there. Yeah. Jets could still do it. They got Aaron freaking Rogers. They got Aaron Fricking Rogers, Aaron Fricking Rogers man, Aaron Fricking Rogers. He chose them. And I do feel like after week 10, it feels like the playoff picture on both a FC and NFC is now, so there's seven playoff spots, obviously. I think it's, it's definitely whittled down to nine teams in the a FC.


It cuts off at the Bengals. So Jets, Patriots, dolphins, Browns, Titans, Raiders, Jaguars all out. And I would say it's the same thing in the NFC where it's, I guess maybe the Seahawks, but the Bears, Cowboys, Saints, Panthers, Giants all out. We'll see about the Seahawks and Bucks. Yeah. The, the NFC West is gonna be just a, a rock fight between all four teams for the rest of the year. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's finish up with who's back of the week.


We are brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. We all know 2024 has been wild so far. So let's talk about something important. If you get injured by a person, place for thing, you deserve to get paid. Life can be crazy sometimes, and one person negligence can result in another settlement. If you're in an accident, not calling a lawyer means you could be leaving money on the table. When you're seriously hurt, your injury could be worth a millions. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over a hundred offices nationwide and more than 1000 lawyers with over $20 billion recovered for over 500,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is so easy. Golfing and playing cornerback is hard. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. Putting together a successful organization in the NFL is hard. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or Dow pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement


who's back of the week, is also brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram. Tell us how you prepare for rivalry Game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt, five winners will be selected every Saturday until 12 seven. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain Cold refresher. A Coors Light. Coors Light is a mountain cold refresher, literally made to chill. Coors Light is cold, laggered cold filtered, cold package crisp and refreshing as the Rockies perfect for a moment to unwind. Even the biggest rivals Agree When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game you choose. Chill. And then reach where Coors like at Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere they sell beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Henry, who's back of the week. My who's back of the week is Coach K. Yeah. Oh yeah, this is mine too. Yeah, let's talk about it. Yeah. The Lakers Struggling. There's been, you know, some, some turmoil early on with their season. JJ Reddick cussing out. What's Their record? They're five and four. They're about to be six and four. They're beating the Trailblazers right now in the fourth quarter. Okay. So LeBron tweeted on Sunday morning, I just woke up from having a dream. I was playing for Duke for Coach K inside Cameron Indoor Stadium. That was the exclamation point. It was insane in there. Told Coach K, it was an honor to suit that form.


And he said the same thing back to me. This Is a dream. He's Such a legend. Then it turned right into a concert. Snoop and Dre were performers and they was doing the song. The next episode, the roof inside Cameron damn near came off. Ha ha. Then my alarm went off and I woke up. Alright, so I think this Is this LeBron wants coach K as the coach. Lakers and CJ out. Yeah. Yeah, because it was a dream coach. K And it was about Duke J's team, like, yep. Okay. So I, I got a question 'cause when I read this, I thought a couple things. One, it, it sounds like he's dreaming about Coach K being his coach, obviously. Correct. Two, he also might be lying about the dream and then using the whole, I had a dream thing to say what he wanted to say in real life, but do it under the pretense of explaining what his dream was.


Yes. Which one? Yeah, which one do you think is worse for JJ Reddick if he actually had the dream, the second one, or if he's lying about having a dream. I think you can't control your subconscious. I think he, I think he's thought about it like jj, he obviously pushed for JJ to be the coach and then things have not started. Well I think he's going to ask for Coach K to come and be a mentor, not the head coach, but be a mentor on the side. Like be one of J's assistant coaches. He's going to force a mentor onto his boss. Yes. Yes. That's such a funny move. I think, I think it's going to happen. I think there's gonna be a point in the season where maybe he won't sit on the sideline, but Coach K's definitely gonna have to come visit and do like speeches and, and, and try to get the, the boys going.


Like Jeff Van Gundy kind of. Yeah. Right, Right. He's on, he's part of organizations and around the team. He's Actually an assistant coach now. Right. But like when he, when he left ES bn. Yeah. Yeah. He was like, he was with the Celtics but he wasn't an official assistant coach. Yes, he was a consultant. Like, like Doc. Right. Yeah. Doc. Doc. Like Doc Rivers currently with the Bucks. Currently with the Bucks. Yeah. Yeah. No, he's currently consulting with the Bucks. He's not head coaching them. No, but that, that's No, I know. I'm joking that. Yeah, that is literally he's they're they're bad. That is literally what he did. Yeah. So, which maybe the biggest lie in this is when he said, told Coach K was an honor to suit up for em and he said the same thing back to me. Like they definitely kissed in this dream.


Yes. And that's what he wrote instead of the Kiss he probably was wearing. Yeah, he was wearing a Duke jersey. Probably took off. I also don't even know what that means. Like, is that like a situation like when you're, you know, getting on a flight and, and the lady at the counter says, Hey, have a nice flight and out of instinct you say, oh you too. Like he said, it's an honor to coach suit up for you Coach. And Coach K was like, you too, LeBron. It's an honor to suit up for You. Yeah, yeah. Put the suit on. Yeah. Like that doesn't even make sense. Yeah. Was he wearing the neck tie and, and the, the jacket or was he wearing the like late stage, late model coach kit? It's an honor to suit up as your coach. Yeah, that's, He was wearing like a LeBron jersey. Yeah. And then the, I mean the concert afterwards, Only LeBron, I mean, that's Also something if you were making up a lie, like you throw in a little bit of a, an extra wrinkle to like throw people off the Scent.


And also because he probably realized when he tweeted this out, he's like, that didn't really wrap up my story that well, I need to like, include something else to make it a banger to go out. He's like, oh, also Snoop and Dre were there and then the roof came off. Yeah. It's, I mean it's very, it's just very funny that he hand selected JJ Reddick and we're 11 games in. And again, whether it's subconscious or he's just lying. He, he wants coach K. Yeah. So fast. Only LeBron. I think maybe he had this dream a while ago. Yeah, a long time ago. Yeah. And then he just brought it up now because he wants to put the screws to jj. Yeah. Make him feel the heat. I see. I fully believe that LeBron had a dream where he thanked coach K and then Coach K thanked him back.


Yes. At some point that happened, but I just don't think it was last night that it happened. Alright, so that was your, who's back as well? That was my Who's back? Yeah. Okay. My who's back? I didn't, I can't believe you missed, you didn't say this one. PFD, you actually might have, it might've been happening during pop punk, which I heard it was great. You got one more show, right? We're playing on Friday the 20th. LSU at Fred's. Fred's is the best place on earth is the best. Mark is the best guy on earth. I Can't wait The fucking, we got a new throat goat. What? Yeah. So on Friday night, Selena Powell. Yep. Who is she? An adult entertainment actress.


She said she tweeted All I'm saying is my throat the reason the heat will beat the nuggets tomorrow, y'all basketball games are more fun when you fuck the player before the game. LOL go number two. That's Terry er. And I believe the heat beat the nuggets. Did they not? They didn't, but they covered and Terry er definitely went over his point. Total. Correct. I like That. Yeah. So she tweeted that before the game too. She was just like, Hey, just so everyone knows, I fucked Terry er last night, so he's gonna be awesome. It's such a shortsighted move on her part. Why? Because if you don't tell anybody about it, then you'll, you'll get repeat business. Yeah. True. And he'll tell his friends. True. Oh, they did. They, they did not cover, but Terry er had over his points, he had 15 points.


I think his line was like 13 and a half Was the other woman on the no Jumper podcast. Oh. Oh. So This is aj today's, ah, So, so she stole this from AJ TDAs. What do you mean? The, the whole gig? She stole the whole concept Sucking down NBA players. She stole the concept of going of publicly said it's Copycat league. I sucked off a basketball player before AJ Titties. Nobody ever said that. Yeah, but this was, she was calling her shot and she was right. Yeah, She was right. AJ TD was Just you. It was after fact Reminiscing. Yeah, it was After the fact. You're right. She did call her shot and she was right. Alright, so respect to Miss Selena Powell. Yeah. Is it Miss or Miss? Mrs. Mi, miss Ms.


Ladies, miss Selena Powell doc. Dr. Selena Powell. Oh, also we forgot to give our Uncrustables update. We came nowhere close And now we have 500 Sterile uncrustables Kind of a mistake by us. I think we got through 200 Uncrustables, 200 in a week. Here's where we went wrong. You gotta, either you're, you're learning something from your mistakes or you're just treading water. We needed to order the Uncrustables and shipments that would come like every other day. Yeah. 'cause after about three days in the fridge, they started to get super stale and then only the real diehards were still going for 'em. And we have like a ton more in the freezer. Turns out we, we don't have like massive athletes burning a shit ton of calories at our facility all day, every day.


Good Point. While also eating Uncrustables, us just snacking on the Crust bowl to a day is not equivalent to, there was a couple Days where I was full of hook crust balls. I was like, this is, I've had too many, I had like four or five and I was like, this is gross. So yeah, we can, we failed. We failed. So maybe we need to do this while also running like a mini training camp or High. We should, next year. We should do, we should, we should do our own training camp. Get like a full trainer for like an entire week due to It days. That sounds like the worst idea you've ever had. Yeah. No, I agree. But I'm just, I'm feeling, I'm starting to feel the, the weight of football season also. I'm starting to feel full all the time.


I'm starting to take three shits a day, which is never good when you're like, when you fill the bowl fully three times a day, you're like, that's that's overheating. I ate too much. Tom Brennaman. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He's back. Is that your just favorite moment of all time? Yeah, I was Waiting for it all day. Yeah. Well, it was noon, but It was 11. Yeah, 11. So was Tom. Tom Brennaman was calling the BBC game and there was a player named Castile. It's their quarterback. It's their quarterback. Yeah. And he had to shout em out in the pre-game and he, he, he, like, he Acknowledged, he handled it Well. He acknowledged it. Memes. What time did you wake up on Saturday?


I was up early like seven. Oh, Okay. So you had to wait four hours. Yeah, I was fired up. It was Did you wake, wake up, like made sound on my four TVs. Did you wake up like a, like a kid on Christmas being like, today's the day. Yeah, I was fired Up. So you wanna explain exactly what he said? I think the video might be better, but he was just like, and Castanos and he gave a nod to the camera. Mm. That's pretty good. He basically was giving a nod to you. Yeah. He Knew. He, it was just, that's memes Also. We didn't acknowledge it on fri we, we forgot to mention on Friday, we have to pay our respects to Ben. Oh yeah. We, that video, did we miss it on Friday?


Yes. Yes. Shit, yes. That video was one of the saddest thing. Yes. Yeah. It was. I I I should have brought it up on, on Thursday night after the game was over. But what Kirk Herbst Streete did calling the game crazy on Thursday night, actually. It takes an incredible amount of guts to do it. Like he was, he had to be like the saddest person On earth it, not only that on Thursday, but then playing that video on Saturday on game day, which was just an absolute tear jerker. Yeah. And then he had to talk about it later on during L game And he had to Yeah. To do the game. Yeah. It's, yeah. I don't know how he did that. Yeah, It sucks. It sucks. I was thinking about Kirk when all that was going down. All the, one thing that somebody told me when Leroy passed away that actually like made things better is like, at some point when you think about your dog, you will start to smile before you get sad.


And you just have to work until you get to that point. And it'll be a good point once he gets there. But yeah, what, what Kirk did was like, could never have done that. There Was an old Peter King column that he wrote when his dog passed away and it was, I can't remember the exact line, but it was basically like, the only way to not feel this pain is to never have a dog. And what a hollow life that would be like. That's the only way to not feel, you know, when your dog passes away. And it's, it's the truth. Like the alternative is not having a dog and no one wants that. Yeah. Ben was a good boy. Yeah. Good call Max.


Okay. We have Jack Pockett for the lottery ball machine. Feeling lucky. We'll get ready to try Your Luck with Jack Pockett America's number one lottery app with Jack Pockett. You can order Powerball Mega Millions tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery games every day. There are millions up for grabs on your phone. New customers can get a free lottery ticket using code PMT. That's code PMT for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. Don't wait. Download Jack Pockett now for your chance to win Big good luck and go use that code PMT. For a free Powerball or Mega millions ticket Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text Hope NY 18 or older 19 plus in Nebraska, 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited promo code required for $2. Non withdrawal credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings. Terms Jack pocket.com/toss/free. Dash ticket dash promo slash


Okay. Numbers 40 11 5 3 Oh. He's back 99 P 21, 73 88. That's.