
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, week two of the NFL we're gonna talk about every game we're gonna do Fastest. Two minutes, some shockers had the Ravens start owing. Two, the Bengals start owing two. We're gonna talk Sunday Night Football. We just finished watching the whole game. So that will be at the end of everything we talk about.


We're gonna do who's back of the week. It's a football Monday and it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings Tudy taking it to the house in for six. whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure. Touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or defense. We don't care how they score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and DraftKings. Sportsbook is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet Try betting on something simple like a player To. score a touchdown. Go to the DraftKings Sports book app. Make your bet today. You ready to do ha or max? Give us a give us a touchdown score on Monday night. Johan Dotson. Oh, Johan dot the eagle. No shit. Hey. Alright, so if you're ready to do a touchdown dance of your own, go to DraftKings right now. New customers bet five Bucs. Get two 50 in Bonus bets instantly and get one month of NFL plus premium. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get a two 50 in bonus bets. when you bet Just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem Gamble. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see d kng dot coast slash ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Okay, let's go Football guy. My, my, my yeah and my take.


Welcome to part of my take, presented by a DraftKings. Download the Draftking Sports Work app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get two 50 in bonus bets. when you bet Just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, September 16th, week two. Wha Crumbing stumbling, bumbling wha home spread. We start in Dallas where there was little border control at the goal line for Alvin ca Kamra Harris as he scored four times on Sunday. Derek Cardi D had a wet ass pussy. And when I say pussy, I'm talking about his throwing game as a Saints. Put that W on Boak Prescott to the tune of 44 points. Hey T, you heard this one.


What's you hear about this one? What's up? Boom. Tell me about it. Boom. They call him Jersey Mike McCarthy because Jerry is gonna need a sub as a head coach. Sooner than later, he's not on a roll. Boom. Saints go marching. 44 Cowboys 19. What up north? Where Sam Donald and the mono Sota Vikings put the kiss of death on Kyle Shanahan. Justin Thomas Jefferson had so much free room on his 97 yard cutback. Touchdown. It was like the Louisiana purchase. George Skittle said, taste the rainbow bitch. After scoring a touchdown, leaving Harrison Bucker Smith to shake his head in disgust. The Vikings went and the Vikings are two and oh oh oh oh oh.


The Vikings with Sam Darnell with Sam Darn Vikings are two and oh oh Vikings 23. Huh? The ERs 17 in Baltimore where the Raiders were down in the fourth quarter when Gardner Michu said, go. Go Bower Rangers as he hooked up with Brock Bowers in Las Vegas morphed into an explosive offense. Daniel Carl's Sun Zoo said the supreme art of wars to subdue the enemy without them realizing you're a real football team. Lamar Jackson had a chance at the end with a whoop and a whoop whoop and a whoop whoop and a fumble. And the Ravens fall to oh and two, the Raiders 26 Ravens 23.


We go up to John Maryland as an opening kickoff flu. The Giants with Gau kicker to work with Brian Dabo looked like his brain was in outer space emerging as the worst challenger since former Washington Commander Ronald Reagan's administration too soon. Boom O Rings. That's the sound the rocket made Austin Seabert and Ernie said seven. Seven is the number of the day as the new Washington kicker accounted for all 21 points of offense. Malik, it's a beautiful day in the neighbors hood. Took his sweater and his shoes off and got comfortable in the secondary. But Brian from family Guy Robinson had that dog in him leaving the Giants linebackers feeling very Haiti come 21 Giants 18 And.


we go to Nashville to our correspondent memes who did not delete everything off his phone. Memes. We go to Nashville where it was a wonderful day in Mr. Aaron Rogers neighborhood. Calvin Cambridge. Ridley found a pair of touchdowns and said, make me like Mike while Tony Polaroid picture was an outcast in the second half, will Levis Far tried to take advantage with a Johnson being out, but Will McDonald said I'll take a number three. That is, ooh gray. Lynn Allen was getting there when you masturbate. Think about my legs going back and forth and running into the endo. Jets 24. Titan 17. Thank you memes. And then we head to New England. The keeper of the lighthouse.


Henry Lockwood was on scene. Former keeper of the lighthouse boom. Yes. And he didn't keep anything today. The keeper of the lighthouse was Malcolm Butler, who was there to keep the light and lead the Patriots, celebrating the 10 year anniversary of the greatest play in Super Bowl history. Gino Jaden Smith said, yeah, I went 33 for 44 with 327 yards and at Toddie to DK Metcalf Breaking moose. But can we talk about the political and economic state of the world right now where Madre Lance Stevenson blew through the Seahawks defense into the end zone for six. To tie the game up in regulation, Jake, Mike Myers was asked to kick three field goals and said, yeah, baby, including the Game winner in overtime.


Patriots 20, Seattle Super Seahawks, 23. Thanks Hank. Good Job, Hank. No problem. Boom. To the stadium, formerly known as Borough Head, where a big man got in on the scoring as Juana Juana Juana Fanta Morris caught a touchdown from Patrick Mahomes to take an early second half lead. The Bengals used a blue shell finding an Andre Yeshiva Yoshi for short for his second touchdown of the game. But it wouldn't be a Chiefs game if the zebras didn't get involved. As a late DPI led to Taylor Swift's favorite player, Harrison. I like big Buckers and I cannot lie, as the chief's win a thriller 26 25, it's kind of ironic that she loves Harrison Bucker.


I'm not gonna say it. It's very ironic. Boom. You're absolutely right. Out west to Denver, where Tebow Nicks mania has yet to set in as a rookie quarterback continued to struggle in his daddy Sean Peyton's offense. JD Vance. Joseph couldn't stop to steal ERs as Darnell for Title Washington was a man eater after he cooked his defender for a score. There's no luck shaming in Colorado as a Broncos used will to make sure their number wasn't zero. Steelers 13, the Barco six Standing on the corner of James Winston Cuyahoga.


Such a find side to see it's de Sean my Lord. Heading to ome port and Jameis running QB S sneaks. No more rub downs. He scored a touchdown. Dehaun Hayes, PMT, but he loved hometown. Browns 18. Jaguars 13. We kind of nailed that one team. That was good. The Harmony. Sound good? Boom. Yeah. All right.


Week two Fastest. Two minutes presented by our good friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon, My Take, there's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that Silverado as a partner, a partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of Pardon, My, Take jobs, adventures, other shenanigans. We drove one when we were out on grit week. It is awesome. And this year Silverado was out west with us. Like I said, four grit weeks. So Silverado brings the grit to you. Legendary grit. Paired with modern truck tech inside and out. Massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. So head on over to chevy.com to build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week two in the books. Let's talk some games. PFT. We had some, we had a 10 game slate to start the day. And it. Too many games. And. it was crazy. Too many games at once. Ev every week it seemed, I don't know if this is gonna continue through the regular season, but at least through the first two weeks, at some point I get lost in football. Yeah. I feel like I'm just spinning through a vortex. Yeah. And I get the games, I start making like a melange of games. You ever have like dreams where you combine seven different things that happened? Yes. Between like your work, personal life. I'm out there and I'm thinking like Baker Mayfield is getting sacked by like Josh Allen Hines. Yeah. From the Jaguars. At some point I'm like, what's going on here?


I can't straighten it out. I need to get better. Yeah. We're basically watch these games. And. We're the Tasmanian devil and there's just a cloud of dust. And then the witching hour ends are like, wait, what just happened? And actually we'll start with this game because this is the perfect encapsulation of what we're talking about. About, so I'd say the theme of this week was we had some pretty big upsets and Raiders 26. Ravens 23 was the biggest in terms of point spread And. it also was the biggest in terms of as we were watching all the games, the Ravens were up 10 with like 13 minutes left. And. we all thought, oh, that game's over. And then we looked up and said, wait, the Raiders are about to win this game.


And now the Raiders are one and one and the Ravens are oh and two. Yeah. Max Crosby happened. Max Crosby Happened. And then Brock Bauer's got unlocked this week. That's what I was gonna say. The Raiders, the Raiders I think are the number one team where I don't think they're good, but they have really good players because Gardner Minchi was under attack all day. But he then also re reminded himself that he has Devonte Adams and Brock Bowers, who are both very, very good. And they won a game that I think we all thought was over and, and now the Ravens are sitting here ing two and you're like, what the fuck's going on with them? And they have Dallas, Buffalo, and Cincy coming up next three weeks. Are we sure that the Ravens are good? They might not be. They're also Now, they did have a shit load of penalties.


Again, the offensive line is not good for the Ravens right now. 10. 10 penalties for 109 yards. Again, they were undisciplined again. They played sloppy. And I do think the Ravens are always good for one or two of these games a year where they just, they look like they're about to win a game. And then you look up and you say, what? What just happened? But it's significant because it's oh and two. And this is the first time the Ravens has started. Oh. And two since 2015, which is a long time. And now you're wondering like what I, I'll read those games again. Dallas at Dallas versus Buffalo at Cincy. Yeah. It's gonna be tough. It's gonna be tough for, it might Have to be my pinky team. I think that they're probably a good pinky team to have because you know that they're gonna be in contention. You're gonna be, it's them, the Rams Lamar fans.


It's gonna be U versus Stavros. It's gonna be U versus Jimmy's seafood. It's gonna be a lot of a, a lot of no love lost in any of those matchups. Shout out the Raiders though. Shout Out the Raiders. Tough win. I like that we called the Alexander Madison baby bump. Yep. We told you. We told you about that. He's been holding a baby all week. So it's, that's better actually than when you, like a coach tells you walk around holding a football all week so you fumble. Yeah. If you're holding a baby, you got three points of contact. You're not dropping that thing. Yes. Can't hold a baby like a loaf of bread. So Madison got in. I'm also Happy for Antonio Pierce because after the worst punt ever last week, I think everyone had the same thought of are, are we sure he's head coach material? And then to have this win on the road, eight and a half point underdogs down 10 with, you know, 12 minutes left.


That's impressive. The Raiders are, are back to being a salty dog. Also, of note, this is the first time since 1980 that for, for everyone who does Survivor Leagues, that the, the biggest favorite in week one and the biggest favorite in week two, both lost. Yeah. It's crazy. I got eliminated this week. Yeah. I, I Bengals last week against the Patriots and then the Ravens this week against the Raiders. So everyone's bracket is busted. Yeah. It's bad. It, it was bad for me. I'm in Matt Jones Survivor League right now and I think like half the pool got eliminated in week two. Yeah. So It's, it's gonna win in week five. It's okay. But you know what, here's the thing is there are too many leagues that I'm in. Yeah. When it comes to fancy football first touchdown score, other fancy football survivor.


There's just too many different ways that you have to compete about watching football. Yes. And I can't win 'em all. Yeah. I'm lucky if I win one And it's good to have this one just off the books. Yeah. So I don't even have to worry about it. That's one less text that I have to send on Thursdays every year. Exactly. So I yeah, I I I'm in agreement with you. That is, it does feel like the Survivor League is, you don't pay attention to your Survivor League picks until like week seven. Yeah. That's when you have to actually start thinking about it. I know that there'll be some people like, Hey, I, I mapped this whole thing out the whole time and I'm really smart about it. Well that's not us. No. We think about it right before kickoff on Thursday night. Yep. And then say, oh, who's the biggest spread? Okay. Let's use them. And if you did that, you would've been out double I think that two years in a row.


Not this year. 'cause obviously I just got balanced this year, but the prior two years I was eliminated by week five for not submitting a pick. Yeah. So that's just, it's honestly good that I got eliminated this early. Yeah. I'm happy with that. But yeah, the credit to the Raiders, I'm told that Antonio Pierce does have an analytics guy. Oh. That tells him what to do. And Antonio Pierce just said, no, I'm gonna go with my gut in week one. It was due Gruden It was, it was not due scrutiny. That'd be a great analytics guy. Just like pick up heavier stuff. We we're converting everything to kilograms. Yeah. The, I I have a question for you. PFT Derrick Henry. So he started very slow. Yep. He was good in the second half. Yep. But is that an issue for the Ravens in the fact that if you have Derrick Henry, the only way that you can effectively use Derrick Henry is that you have to keep running Derrick Henry.


So you can have moments where you're like, Hey, this isn't working, but we have to go through the wall and, and and Yeah. Running him in order to get the effective Derrick Henry. And he's clearly not the same as he was, you know, three or four years. No. Running back is, he does Look better in the Ravens outfit though. He does. Those colors look awesome on Derrick Henry. He also had a nasty, nasty old school. Derrick Henry. Yeah. Stiff arm that rocked. But is that, are you too beholden to Derrick Henry when you know that the only way to use him correctly is you just have to keep going even if it's not working? See, I think that's exactly why they got him, right. Because the knock against the Ravens last year in the playoffs was they abandoned the run. So by having Derrick Henry on her team, it's almost, you gotta keep going, forcing you like, Hey remember you have to keep running the football.


'cause if you don't, there's no use in having Derrick Henry on her team. I Was just thinking about it because, and, and I think the Ravens are gonna end up being a playoff team. That's why I kind of don't want to make my Pinky team just a reminder, my Pinky team is a team that was, has Super Bowl aspirations starts oh and two. I say I'll cut off the tip of my pinky if they win the Super Bowl. I'm contrary to popular belief. I think people think that I'm trying to do it to pick a team that could, that I still think can win the Super Bowl. I'm doing it because I think this team cannot win the Super Bowl. And I, I think the Ravens could still win the Super Bowl. So I, that's why like being true to myself. Yeah. I can't really pick them, but I was thinking about it just Because some people would call you coward for that. No, because that the whole thing started with Yeah.


Crossing a team off and saying they cannot win the Super Bowl. If I like, why would I, why would I pick them if I still think they can win the Super Bowl? You Won't. Right. Okay. You won't do it. I see what's happening here. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go back to the Derrick Henry talk. You won't, you're not gonna do it. The, I I was thinking about it because the Titans were, their identity was Derrick Henry. Yeah. The Ravens have more guys than the Titans did. Yeah. So is there, this is a dumb thought, I might Be wrong. No, I I know what you're saying. Because they have to spread the ball around. They can't rely on just being like Derrick Henry focused offense. Right. 'cause they've got Lamar Jackson, who's also great at running the football Z Flowers Very good. Got Z Flowers. Isaiah likely and Mark Andrews Marcus.


Yep. They've got good players on offense. And their offense has been good not having to just run the ball down your throat the entire time. Right. Like, they do more interesting stuff with their running game than the Titans did, which was Titans would just, here Derrick Henry, you take it Tractor Cito Season. Yeah. And he, it was, he wasn't the problem today because like I said, he did play well in the second half and got it going. It was just a thought. Yeah. No, it's, I don't think it's a, a terrible thought to have. I think that the Ravens have, they've got a lot of issues, but I, I wouldn't look too heavily into Derrick Henry being a deep problem with the team just yet. Yeah. But he might not be the same Derrick Henry that we've seen in the past. Yeah. I think that's fair to say. It just sucks when he starts slow and it's like, I think he had like seven carries for four yards to start the game.


But that's kind of how it goes with him. I have a question for you. Big. Cat. Yeah. Is Justin Tucker washed? Yes. He is Washed compared to Peak. Justin touch Tucker. 100%. Yes. He's no longer Justin Tucker. He's no longer, Hey we, we have a 50 yard field goal. We're gonna make it 'cause we have Justin Tucker. Yeah. He got out kicked today. Yeah. It's actually a Tucker Carlson game. There Are also like two or three kickers that you could say off the top of your head that are better than him. Harrison, bucker Aubrey from, from the Cowboys is better. Yep. McPherson might be, I Don't know, missed an extra point today. He did, but yeah. Yeah. I, I know what you're saying. Justin Tucker, he used to be automatic. This is crazy to say, this is an an insane statement to make.


He used to be automatic from 60 and n Yeah, It would. He was, he was never a problem. Never a problem for him. Yeah. And he, he did miss what did he miss? A 50 yarder? Yeah. I think it was a another bomb today. So don't get me wrong. I would love to have Justin Tucker. Well actually no, I wouldn't, my kicker didn't miss a fugal today. Yeah. Come to me. That, That's the thing that that sucks for Justin Tucker is that we just compare him to old Justin Tucker. Yeah. So it's not that he sucks, he's still a very good kicker. He just, we expect him to make every single kick no matter what. Yeah. And now he's missed a few 50 yarders, like, oh well he's kind of washed. Yeah, He would, he's Still great. It's still better than, you know, 90% of the kickers. This Might be a hardball problem. Harbaugh maybe hasn't realized that if he just uses Justin Tucker like a regular kicker, then he's gonna be one of the best kickers in the league.


Yeah. By the way, we still don't have a team that's lost to two Harbaugh brothers back to back. That is true. According to our Research. And John Harbaugh is now one and one against brothers this year. Yeah, Yeah. Exactly. Okay. Bucs Lyons, Bucs 20, Lions 16. That was, that was my gutsy win of the week by the Bucs gutsy. I gutsy win that that 'cause that was a Baker Mayfield win. They had a ton of injuries on defensive back or secondary. They had V two V went out halfway through the game. They got offensive line issues. They just found a way to win that game. And we'll talk about the lines in a sec, but I want to give props to Baker, who I just love watching and rooting for.


He got sacked three times in the first quarter by Aiden Hutchinson. Yeah. Most guys would be like, fuck this, I'm out. And he was just big play after big play that QB draw to, to for the go ahead touchdown. It was the fir second team since 1970 to win, despite being out game by 200 plus yards and having a minus five sack differential. I don't know how many times that's happened, but that's a, that on paper, that's a bad game. If you get out game by 200 and you have a minus five sack difference, It's very hard to win those games. Yeah. Without, without the other team straight up giving you those games. Which, and, and the Lions did make a couple mistakes, but the Bucs, you're right about Baker. Like when he runs with a football, we forget that B baker's sneaky, elusive. Yes. Like, not only is he tough, not only is he gonna put his head down and try to run you over, but Baker in the open field, he will make a guy miss every time.


Yeah. And he's so fun to watch. The way he, I think it's 'cause he, like, he carries the ball with almost a straight arm down at his legs. Right. As he's juing you out. Like Right. A lot of other players will tuck it up and run. But he is got the ball dangling out there too. Like he's almost distracting you with it gives you the dead, dead leg steps around you and Yeah. The Bucs you called it the gutsy one of the week. Yeah. The gutsy one of the Week. I think this might be Todd Bowl's signature win. Yeah. D he won a playoff game. You won A playoff game, but You won a playoff Game. But I'm gonna give Todd Bull's his signature win this week. Okay. Signature win. Todd Bulls. This is signature win for Todd Bulls. We've all been waiting for one. It Was, it was like they shouldn't have won that game. And if you just look at the box score and, and the Lions were able to move the ball and then they just stalled in the red zone.


I think there were one for seven in the red zone. Yeah. And the big issue, there were two big issues for the Lions. Jared didn't play well and Dan Campbell cost him At the end of the first half. He's, and I don't even know what was happening at the end of the game when they didn't take any shots at the end zone. Yeah, that was weird too. That was very strange. But Dan Campbell, I love that he's, I think he's so disgusted with himself that he can't say the word I, so after the game, he said in the press conference, I asked for improvement. I guess he said I there, I asked for improvement from last week. We did improve their coach, cost them their head coach, cost them this one. I Like that he's making himself either a fan or a member of the media. Yeah. He's it after it's like a disassociation of their head coach cost him this one.


Yeah. I like, I like that a lot. Yeah, I like that a lot. That's, that's a really powerful way of taking accountability. That's that's way better than saying we. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. It's way better than saying we. And Dan Campbell did cost him a game. Like it was, he, he had multiple cha. I mean he did a classic Dan Campbell where he ended up doing a fake punt out of the end zone that worked. But he also punted I think with like 10, 13 minutes left from the 41, which was a little weird. I think it was a fourth and seven, but still, I don't know. Dan Campbell was kind of all over The place. I think Dan, Dan Campbell is the league leader for the last three seasons of people saying if that doesn't work out, that's a fireball offense. Yeah. After it worked out. Yeah. you know, somehow it usually works out for Dan.


But the end of the first half, they were in complete disarray. They were trying to get the field goal unit onto the field at the same time as the offense was running a play. Yeah. So I think they ended up having like 20 guys on the Field, 25 men on the field, 25. That's slightly too many men on the field at any given time. And yeah, their coach, their coach really sold 'em short on that one. Yeah. So Dan Campbell not a good job there. Well, no, Dan Campbell's fine. It's their head coach. Hey, whoever their head coach happened to be their head coach. Yeah. Fuck that up. Yeah. But I guess you could say the Bucs have now beaten two outstanding teams. Yeah. I think I have the Bucs number one in my power rankings right now. Yeah, There you go. So that's good. Commanders in the, in the lines. Commanders in and the Lions. And also if you're a Lions fan, just remind yourself that last year you won week one and then you lost week two.


That's a good reminder. You lost the Seahawks at home. Yeah. Week two last year. So this has happened before and your team turned out fine And you improved. Yes. Because Dan Campbell said you improved. It's just that their head coach did that to Their head coach did it to 'em, Their head coach screwed that one. Yep. Yeah. I, it also, this is, this is why you can't do the commercials because then people were clowning on the Applebee's commercial after that first half. End of first half is he just gave it to people. But that's their head coach. That's their head coach. That's not Dan Campbell. That's their actor. Yeah. That's their actor Coach. That's their actor who's different from their head coach Who just plays a coach on tv. Yeah. Their actor did a great job. Yeah. Okay, next up I had Saints Cowboys, Saints 44 Cowboys 19 PFT.


Here's my question for you. If we were just going off of two weeks, are the Saints the best team in the NFL? Yes, they are Second best. I they, I think that they are the best team in the NFL. If you go off two weeks, I think that the entire NFC south is a lot better than we thought it was gonna be. Yeah, I'd agree with that. But the Saints are, so their cumulative scores are 91 to 20. They have not had a second where they've been trailing in the first two games. Yep. Their defense is nasty. Derek Carr, 11 year bump looks awesome. Alvin Cama looks in like old school. Alvin Cama had 180 yards and four touchdowns and their also Offensive line look really good today.


Yes. They, they kept them. So not only that, but Derek Carr first 15 drives of the season, the saint scored points. Now they took him outta the game against the, the Panthers and they pun it twice. But the next closest, next best was the 2000 Falcons started their season with seven straight drive scoring points. 15 straight drives, scoring points for the Saints. If you had to do a b, CS poll, the Saints would be number one. Yeah. I mean they, they have looked unstoppable in two And. It's not the Panthers that they're playing against the Cowboys and their defensive line is supposed to be really, really good. Yep. We saw week one that they can play really well and the big question was gonna be for the offensive line. They held up really well today. And so if you add that in to what they're doing with their offense with Rash Shahid love Alvin Kamara just getting open all the time looking like Old school, Old school Alvin Kamara.


It's, it's tough to imagine a team that you would put ahead of them besides the Buccaneers. Yeah. Hank as a Cowboys fan, did you see the, now I don't really believe it, but it was still funny to think it might be real. Someone tweeted out that a Cowboys fan Jo Jono Barnes tweet out a Cowboys fan. Just airdropped this to my entire section. If we don't fire Mike McCarthy, I'm beating the fuck outta everybody here. Don't think it's real. But still kind of funny just to imagine that a Cowboys fan, I mean, you're a Cowboys fan. That's kind of what you guys get angry about. Yeah, I mean I kind of gave up my, my fandom last year after the playoffs. We, we talked about it, but I think you gotta have the conversation. Yeah.


Well this was in a weird way, spin zone for Cowboys fans. This felt like a playoff loss because usually when the Cowboys get to the playoffs, they have a game where Dak maybe like on paper isn't like the main problem, but their defense gets bullied. And if you watch the game you're like, oh yeah, Dak, he didn't play so, so bad. But he also missed some guys and they, their offense stalled in the red zone. Yeah. He didn't Play bad. I'll, I'll agree with you. But there was one interception that he had that Yes. Was like, that's what we're waiting for. That that, that press guy interception and They're off installed in the red zone. Yes. Which is exactly what happened last year. And then their defense, which was good last year, got bullied against the Packers. And so maybe now you just have this conversation right now about Mike McCarthy, but I guess Jerry Jones already settled this by just turning up the heat.


Yeah. He's like, I'm gonna, he's all in. Jerry Jones is all in right now. He's not going to get rid of Mike McCarthy. He's settled in with Dak. He's settled in with seedy. I feel like this is Jerry Jones just nesting. It's nesting for his imminent demise. Yeah. So he's just like, I want to keep the guys around me that I'm gonna have for the rest of my life. We're gonna get to know each other. We're gonna be a family. So I, yeah, I don't, I don't know if Mike McCarthy's gonna go anywhere unless they do something crazy this year. I, I've been thinking that he would for the last two seasons, but now I'm falling more into the camp of Jerry Jones. He just wants people that are gonna be around, well We talked about it, one of our preseason interviews with someone like Jerry Jones, the, the nineties, Jerry Jones.


We still think that's the guy. Jerry Jones is like too loyal to his coaches. He kept Jason Garrett for way too long. Yeah. So I think he's gonna probably just keep Mike McCarthy for way too long. Yeah, He probably, well some might argue he already has. Yeah, That's true. I have a fun fact. Yeah. Did you know that Derek Carr's middle name is literally Dallas? Oh, I didn't, yeah. That's awesome. So I guess he grew up his, his like parents and grandparents were Cowboys fans. He's DDC. He's DDC. That's bad ass. And he looks cool. I think Derek Carr got cool this year. Yeah. He came on PMT, He came on PMT. He, he scored a touchdown. Did a Michael Jackson end zone celebration. Yep. He like grabbed his crotch, which I never would've imagined that Derek Carl would do. Yeah. Kids are watching. Derrick kids are watching at home. Derrick I hope you apologize for that. But yeah, he, he looks cool.


He looks fun to watch. He's throwing the ball deep. He's, I mean he's taking what the defense gives gives him, but he having Rashi shahi out there when he uncorked one. It looks good. Yeah, it looks exciting. So I and Rash Shihi is top team to or top guy's name to say Great name to say great Name to Say, now Big Cat. I have a question for you. Yeah. Do you think that the Cowboys are frauds? No, because they ha who'd they play week one? Browns. They beat the Browns week One. No, I don't think they're fraud yet. I'm, I think they're to be determined. Okay. 'cause you have to be, you have to have a good record and win games decisively to be certified. I ca I don't think you can call anyone a fraud week two. I think it needs, you need a little bit of a body of work.


You need a, a month and a half where it's like, oh, we're four and two and the four wins were by 20 plus and the two losses were against good teams. Yeah. The, those are the fraud teams. So I don't think they're frauds yet. I just think, I don't know if they're good. I think this Loss today might be submitted as evidence down the line for them being frauds. Yeah. So they, I don't think we can call them frauds either, but I do think that this would be a big bulletin point if we reach that point where they're foreign. Two I Yeah, I, I'd agree with that. I'm, I'm happy for Saints fans because it does feel like they've been, since Drew Brees kind of just going in circles every year you hear about them being in Cap, they kind of run it back.


Dennis Allen is the, the most forgettable coach in the NFL. But credit to him, he did hire Clint Kubiak who's done a really good job through two games. But it feels like the Saints are a fun team. And like I said, their defense is playing nasty too. Yeah. So it's not just their offense has been lights out. They, they've been both sides of the ball. So I, I'm happy for Saints Fans. It's cool to have an identity besides we're gonna let Tays Hill run through linebacker's faces. Right. And so that's a nice piece to have. Right. That's a great piece to have. But you don't want that to be your thing as an offense. Yeah. Your only thing. Yeah. And, and the thing that you have to hope works every single time and then once a year when he gets hurt, you're like, well this is gonna suck. Yeah. Now, now what do we do?


Yeah. So yeah. I mean good for, good for the Saints. Yep. Happy for the Saints. Alright. You wanna go to the next game? Yeah, let's do it. Commanders have won. Commanders are one and one Commanders 21 Giants 18. I told you at the end of the game, it was actually very mean what you did to the Giants. 'cause they had Graham Gau who got hurt on the opening kickoff. So the Giants didn't play with a kicker, which I love games when a kicker's injured. 'cause you just don't know what's gonna happen. And then the Commanders basically went out and said, Hey, you don't have a kicker. We're gonna kick seven field goals. Right In your face. Right in your face. We got all the field goals on our side. Yes. Seven field goals. Now I will say the offense was pretty good today outside of what we did in the red zone, which was just take penalty after penalty until it backed us up a little bit.


Then we couldn't actually score a touchdown. I'd like to see touchdowns, but in a weird way, I like winning a game like this because it's been so long. Yeah. Since we've had a fuel goal kicker, who's capable of making three fuel goals in a game, much less four mu much less five, six or seven fuel goals in a game. Yeah. So having a guy that is that competent is a really good thing for our team. And this is a crazy stat. This is actually insane Austin Sea made on me our kicker right now. Okay. He is our fifth kicker in the year 2024. Your fifth Kicker. It's week two. Oh yeah. Because you, you got rid of Cade York. We Got rid of Cade York and this, I I count that as a front office win for us. Yes. It's a front office win because we cut Cade York after one game, which we would never do in the past.


Right. And, we got a guy that can make seven of seven. And I think we also saved on like whatever compensation we owed the Browns for making that trade because we cut 'em after one game as opposed to two games. Right. So the fact that we were competent enough to address a problem and then bring in immediately and then bring in a solution to that problem. Yep. That's what you wanna see outta your front office. Yeah. So I don't, I have no problem with how the offense looked today. I thought we played pretty well. Brian Robinson, he's our first, I think he's our first a hundred yard running back in like a season and a half, which is also surprising to say. Yeah. But he looked good today. He looked really good. Jade Daniels looked like he was because Dan Quinn said it in the middle of the week that they were gonna try not to run him as much.


Yeah. And it looked like he was doing a better job of like, Hey, I'm not gonna just run right away. Yeah. And he, he got the ball down field better than he did in week one. Yeah. He looked good as a quarterback. I I was very encouraged with how the offense moved the ball. For the most part. Our defense still stinks, but that's fine. Our defense is probably gonna stink. Yeah. And that's okay. We, we benefited very much from the Giants having to run fourth downplays whenever they cross midfield. Well It's funny you say it that way because they didn't have to do that. So Brian Abel's gonna be under a lot of fire in New York this week because Graham Gau hurt his hamstring on the opening kickoff. He had a groin injury on Saturday. Yeah.


So he was already like, Hey, something's a little off. The Giants went into this game with 52 guys on the roster. Could have gotten a kicker. Could have gotten a kicker. They have a backup kicker they could have, they could have had. And they didn't, knowing that Graham Gau had a groin injury and they went into this game being like, he'll be fine. Got hurt on the opening kickoff. Brian DaBell, what the fuck are you doing? That's not great. It's not great at all. I would also Say Gloria by the way, was the one who was on this. Obviously. I Would all, oh, He was all over. He is like, they, I guess they put Gunner chesky on IR on Thursday, which made it go from 53 to 52. So they could have brought up Another, could have brought up a kicker. Now this is crazy. But you know, there's another Michael Florio that covers the NFL Stolen Valer.


His name is Michael b Florio. Oh. Like Michael B. Jordan? I think so. That's kind of cool. And Memes. How has this guy not made your top Florio's list? His name is literally Florio. I think it's Michael F Florio. Michael F Florio. Okay. So yeah, it is, it's like that version of of the Michael B. Jordan. Yeah. But yeah, memes. How come this guy hasn't even crossed your radar? I've seen him on Twitter one time. And then I saw that same clip from Dan Patrick this weekend. That guy's very mad that Michael Florio is also named Michael Florio. Yeah. Wait, Michael f Florio is mad. That are Mike Florio is named Mike Florio. No. Are Mike Florio. Is Matt. Oh, no, no, no. Big cat's. Right. Oh, that other guy's also mad that Michael Florio's Michael Flore Book. Well fuck the fake Michael Flore.


Who, what gives you the right dude? I would understand if our Mike Florio was mad about the other Mike Florio. Yeah. But the other Mike Florio being like, that's my name. No, no, no. That's not your name. Change your name, dude. No, It does piss me off. I I kind of agree with him. Like, Mike walks around calling himself PFT all the time. Yeah. You, we gotta stand up for our guy. Yeah. No, I stand with Mike Florio. Yeah. Not f In the Mike Florio verse Mike Florio Debate. Yeah. We do not stand with Mike f Flore. They should do a radio show together called Mike and Mike. That would be fun. Yeah, It'd be very fun. Florio on Florio. Florio on Florio. That's literally memes. Hell yeah. His Constant Flo To hell popping outta the woodwork. Florio I interviewing Florio. So Brian DaBell.


Yeah. He deserves a lot of blame for that. Yeah. He also deserves a lot of blame. He might be the worst challenger coach. Yeah. He's a very bad challenge. He does The, he does the what Belichick did a lot in his later days. The frustration challenge. Yeah. Where you're not really challenging anything other than you're upset with how the game's going. You're, You're challenging reality. Yeah. You're, you're, you're challenging that you, you basically are a like 7-year-old turning off the console. You're throwing a flag saying, we're we're not playing this game anymore. You're Throwing a flag and you're saying Nuh Yeah. And it's Yes. Huh. Restart it. No, it happened. You, You'd be like, Hey, let's restart ball up top. Yeah. With restart. 0 0 2 Bad challenges by Dbol today.


And Danny Jones didn't play ter he didn't play terrible. No, he didn't. I I think we told you that on, on Friday, which is Daniel Jones typically plays better against the Commanders And Malik Neighbors is good. Really good. Yes. So he's, he did have that one drop at the end of the game that kind of costs you But he's not the reason why he lost No. Malik nabs is good. And I mean, if they had a kicker, they probably would've won this game. Maybe. I mean, they, they had, they had to go for it on Fort Down. They missed an extra point. Like they, and they didn't get the two point conversions. So it felt like Brian d cost his team the game here by not having a kicker. He might have. Yeah. Do you see Jane Daniels handoff today though? Yeah. It was pretty sick. He had the best handoff of the week. It was pretty sick. It was sick. He just, he stopped, froze, turned around.


Looked like a dance move. That's awesome. He's so good at handing the ball off. He is good at handing The ball. And he's very good at playing quarterback too. Yeah. Max, you got anything to say? Did you watch the game? No, I was flying back. Oh. Wedding Max. But another player playing Daniels. That's a win. That's a win. Yeah. That's a win One in one. I Love, I love bragging about how good my quarterback is at handing the ball off. It was a great handoff. Yeah. You see, you just told on yourself. 'cause you said you didn't watch the game, so you didn't see the handoff. You have no idea it was the handoff. I think It's, I'm so happy for you To, I think point I point is you didn't have to see it. No. It was so sick though. Yeah. Pull it up. Watch the clip. Best handoff I've ever seen.


It's so smooth. I'm so happy for you to have a quarterback that's gonna hand And it off. Yeah. So am I. No, the best handoff ever was the one, I'll give you second best handoff. The best handoff ever was when, oh, I guess it wasn't a handoff. 'cause when, when Jared Goff did the fake handoff Yeah. And got sacked or no, no, sorry. He handed the ball off and he did it so well that the, the, the defensive end sacked him. And they're like, that's roughing. I think he doesn't have the ball right now. I think It's hard to compare those two handoffs because one was, he did such a great job of the play action and this was just so cool. No, But it wasn't play action. I was wrong. He did hand it off and he didn't have the ball. And he did such a good job of pretending he had the ball that they sacked him and then called a roughing.


The passer. Got it. Yeah. That was one of the coolest handoffs ever. Nobody's talking about this handoff. It was so good. Why? Like, it should, if it's this sick of a handoff, it shouldn't be this hard to find The al 22 gambling. Ca was talking about it. Yeah. Okay. The al 22 is gonna come out and you, you're gonna be like, God damn. I wish Who's the, who brought it up in the gambling PFT Shouted. I did. Oh, okay. He shouted it. Who who, that's true. It Was, it was a great handoff. I think how it, I think how it went down is he shouted it and then no one responded. Then he shouted it again. Yep. And then everyone's like, yeah. Although, Yeah. I, I guarantee out of all of the games in the, in the one o'clock slate, everyone was watching Giants Commanders. Oh, That's, he had eyes on it. Yep. Great sarcasm there Max. Great. Use Sarcasm little. That came us a ride. Go Get another plane. Max.


Yeah. Have another wedding. Yeah. Mr. Popular One more one your friends. I got one more. One more of the season. 7 37 max. I got a bye week this week. And then I, and then I have the finale. Finish Strong. Rest up. Yep. All right. You can watch the game. Yeah. You want a game? PFT Won a game. It feels good to be one in one. Who do you have next week? That's actually a great question that I should know the answer To. I know the answer. It's oh and two Bengals. So that will Oh that's, oh of course. Yeah. I'm going to that game. Yeah. I was so laser-focused are gonna be angry. I was laser Focused on this game. I wasn't looking ahead at all. The Bengals are gonna be angry. Is that Monday night? It's a Monday night game. I'm gonna be in Cincinnati. Yeah. Get some chili. Hank you wanna talk about your game? Yeah. Seahawks 23.


Patriots 20. We almost had Hank almost all in. We were an overtime away from having Hank almost all in. That's how close we were. You wouldn't have been all in, but you would've been almost all in And. we were almost there. If the Patriots had won, the judges had lost. I would've been all the way all in. All the way. All in. So you were, But But if that didn't happen, so now where do we stand? Kind of the same as last week. Yeah, Almost. You're still almost all in. I wanna beat the Jets. We talked about it last week. You beat if the Jets will you be all, will you be all in? We'll be back to almost all in Almo. Back to almost all in. So you can't get all in by just beating the Jets. No. Okay. Got it.


You're almost, almost all in. It's an exciting team to watch. It's way more exciting than I was expecting. Is it? Yeah. I think you should start Drake May. Why maybe not this week on a Thursday. I thought Jacoby played really well. Did he? Yeah, He Did. Okay. He was elusive. He was quick on his feet. I get a stab. Made some plays. I get a stab for you and that. Listen, you always have a Stat. I Have a sta for you. Jacoby Brit. Lemme get his final stat line. He was getting the, the offensive line was the problem is offensive line. Yeah. No Offensive line is not good. So Why would you start a, why would you start a rookie QB with a bad offensive line? I got, so here's the thing with Jacoby Burett is he, he's he's a good backup quarterback. I don't know if he's a starter. He doesn't really push the ball down field, so to speak.


Jacob Beset was 15 for twenty seven, a hundred forty nine yards. And it touchdown. No interception. He doesn't make mistakes. How many completions And for how many yards did he have to wide receivers, which are usually the guys quarterbacks throw it to. Well I know how many yards Hunter Henry had. He had a lot. So I'm gonna go with seven for 40. Jacoby said had three completions for 19 yards to wide receivers today. That's why I was saying star trade again, not this week, but Jacobi said is a really good backup if you want. And your wide receivers aren't like outta this world good.


But if you want to push the ball downfield and, and give your team chances like that, you also Need time in the pocket. True, True. Good point. Good counterpoint. Thank you. But three for 19 yards is tough. So some quarterbacks are just, they're meant to be backup quarterbacks and that's Jacoby Bassett. Correct. He, he has a hard time flipping the switch over into starter mode. 'cause he's still playing. Like the way that he played today would be a perfect backup quarterback spot start game. Yeah. Like don't lose us the game. Yeah. He's a big, don't lose us the game guy. Yeah. Which I guess if that's, I, I guess it's a question of whether you go all in or not. If you go all in, it should be Drake May. That's my point. If it's tank, then jacoba set's. Perfect.


That makes sense. Yeah. I think that's fair. Hank, lemme ask you this. If, And I think it's still up in the air, if At the start of the year you'd been told you're gonna be one and one through two games, would you take it? Yeah. Yeah. Would you, would you have rather oh and two? No. Okay. I would've rather two and Oh yeah, Because you won the first one. Because we won the first one. They went forward on fourth and, or they, they punted on fourth and one. It was, they were on like their own 40, 45 area in overtime. I feel like they should just went for it and tried to win the game. That was stupid. 'cause then it's just all the other team has to do is kick a field goal. That would be my only note from the game without Malcolm. If you, if you're gonna be in, if you're gonna be in overtime, just Just go for the win.


Yeah. How do you feel about Malcolm Butler being the next man to touch the bell after you? I thought He did a great job. It's crazy. It's been 10 years. Yeah. Led the team onto the field. Picked a good game to do it too. Yeah. Hank, I actually want to give you credit. I think you're dealing with this patriot season the correct way because you've never really been in this spot where it is a hard dance to, to do where you don't want to tank right away. Because then it's like, fuck, this sucks. We're tanking from game one. That's stupid. Yeah. You have something to believe, But you also don't want to go all in and then, and then end up with five or six wins and not a good draft pick. So you're in that middle ground right now where you gotta feel it out and figure out which way you want to go. And I was Expecting us to look like the Broncos or the Steelers where it's just ugly games.


Not a lot of points. Not what happening. Steelers is two and Oh, but they're just ugly games. Watch. They're two. They're two and Oh alright. Broncos maybe. Commanders. Maybe We're one in One. I know, but I'm saying the games are not fun to watch. The Commander's offense was good today. Well You guys didn't score a touchdown. You kicked a thousand field. I'm Trying so hard to find this handoff. It's literally can't find it. It's nowhere around Max. I guarantee you I'm the only person on line that cares about this. Hank Honestly, this is you're, I'm gonna get it for you on the A 22 and we'll watch It there. Hey, can I, can I tell you something that would maybe be fun? You're number three overall pick Drake May. That would be fun. No, I'm saying we've been having, I've been having fun. Oh, I was expecting not fun. Oh, I've been entertained and had fun in both games.


Got it. Oh that's good then that's all matters. That's grabbing fun. That's really what you want. Yeah. Yeah. Even you almost won that game. Yeah. You should have won that game. There was a bad defensive pass interference call that. I think Tyler Lockett even told whoever your defensive back is like that actually was not a penalty. Like on the field. He said it to him. So you could just say the Refs and they just had that one, you know, brain fart on the DK Metcalf touchdown. Yeah. He was wide open and credit to is, that's not Pat the Patriot. It's one of the live action Patriots that stand in the end zone and shoot a gun when you score a touchdown. Where are they? Are they the Minutemen? I think so. Okay. So one of the Minutemen, when DK scored his touchdown DK almost ran up to him like he was gonna use him for a prop.


And the guy just turned around and was like, I'm not even gonna look at you. Wait A hold, you know, hold firm, hold the line. Yeah. It was Fend the wall. The wall discipline fend the wall. Yeah. Your defense is good. I mean, Christian Gonzalez is incredible. He did a very good job against DK Metcalf. I know DK had a big day, but a lot of it was not, It was mostly just that one play And. it wasn't against Christian Gonzalez. Right. I don't know. I just, I for your sake, I, you should start Drake May. It's fun when you have a new toy. Yeah. And, and Jacobi Bette again, very nice guy. Like him, want to have him on the show someday. He was getting really good backup quarterback. He was getting smoked. Our offensive line is so bad. Yeah.


Like he had no time. I know the wider receiver thing, but he also had no time to throw. If you throw in a rookie quarterback, the risk just goes through the roof. He did have a, a really fucked up hand too. Did you see that? Yeah. They showed his arm at that end. The game he had like, I dunno if it was turf burns. Yeah. It looked like a, like a flesh wound. Yeah. It looked like the start of the zombie disease that this is us. Yeah. By the way, we have an update on the handoff. Rashad White takes a handoff from Jaden Daniels and gets into the end zone for the nine yard touchdown. 2110 A SU with 45 seconds remaining in the third. I don't think that's from this year. That's two teams ago. That might not be from this year. I mean, I, I I told you I was going deep trying to find this handoff. Well, it sounds like that was a great handoff too. It sounds like there's a lot of tape on there and scouts are, are buzzing about how good he is.


Oh no. Jayn Daniel's handoff to AJ Carter never seemed to be secured in, it's a lost fumble on a U'S first play its own 13 yard line. So that's a bad start. AJ Carter wasn't ready for It. That's from December 31st, 2019. AJ Carter has FMBs. Everybody knows that you guys are gonna whatever. Listen, I'm, I said It was a Good handoff. It was a great handoff. I'm not gonna back down from that take. I said it was a good handoff. It looked like he was doing a dance move. It was sick. I did. So there was a point in the afternoon games where I just like asked around the room What. do you guys think about Jayden Daniels? Because I, I feel like he's, he's played well and I just need to have other people say it. Yeah. It might be some. I thought he played Well. I thought He played well today. Yeah. And his chin strap was buckled. I thought he played well, by the way. The Sea Seahawks might be good.


I think they are. I mean they're, they're two and Oh yeah, They're two and Oh, I guess the Broncos and Patriots maybe aren't the best test. They play the Dolphins Broncos Almost. I mean, Patriots almost beat the Chiefs. What? Essentially. Oh yeah, that's true. We were, we were, we were. Yeah, that's true. We should have beat the Chiefs. You basically beat the Chiefs. Well the Ravens, if You played the Chiefs in a seven game series, that's going seven. Maybe not. It might be four. Oh, sweep Patriots. The Ravens almost beat the Chiefs, but then the Ravens lost to the Raiders. So did the Raiders almost beat the Chiefs? Yeah. So The Patriots and the Raiders are two of the best teams in the NFL. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. I mean the Patriots beat the Bengals soundly and the Bengals only lost by one to the or two to the Chiefs.


That's, that's huge. I know. That's huge. So you're not thinking the offs yet? No. Okay. Smart. What'd you think about Jerry O'Connell's video? I love that he's back in his bing bong voice. Did you see the video? I did See it. Okay. Let's play it for the people. I'm gonna find it. Or you wanna pull it up? Max? You pull it up. What did you think? I saw that he did it. I didn't watch it. Oh, You didn't? Why not, he's So to set the scene for anyone who's listening on the podcast Jerry's out what looks like some kind of hike with four dogs. Four dogs, shirtless great dogs. And he's got the arm weights on the, the two and a half pound arm weights.


It's gonna Be something about No, no. Blowing it. I don't even, I don't, what his obsession with me is. Listen, he likes you. Bong hanky. Look at me. I'm outside. I'm doing my exercises. I'm not inside of a golf simulator. My beautiful dogs. All of 'em. You got YFS on the mind. You think your pats are gonna beat Seattle today? I don't think so. I'm taking Seattle plus the Yonda. 'cause your team can't score. Bing bong. Get outside. Hank you blew it And then it cut off. I mean, he's Just talking shit.


Just guys. It is just smack talking. But Jerry's actually the most, it half of this show is just an obsession with you. PFT and I. This desk has an obsession with you. Yeah. I don't get, just lemme live. Yeah. So I mean he just, he's falling in line with the obsession with you. Did the under hit? No. No. No. And the Seahawks also didn't cover, I think, I think it ended up going to three or it was three a kick. So he pushed. So oh, one and one for Jerry. I got my three and a half. Yeah. Alright. Well good job Hank. Thanks. Just being Just existing. That's, that's my first good job existing. Yeah. So thank you. Do you wanna quickly just talk about the Apple Cup real quick?


I know we talked college football on Wednesdays. Yeah. I mean that Was, I didn't sleep last night. Brutal. And then I woke up this morning and saw the news that they lost. Yeah. Yeah. So Rivalry game. It's always tough. You, we, we, when did you find out they lost? I saw that they lost last night. I didn't see the play until today. Yeah. So We texted you right away. I texted you the minute the play happened. I said sorry Hank and Pft was like, he doesn't even know what we're sorry for and No, he Said I can't, I can't wait to see Hank's look's Google text or go Google search to figure out why he's upset right now. Yeah. Why He needs to be upset like Hank Hank, when you see that, we're sorry for you and you have to find out why.


What does that Google search Look it? What goes through Your head? I honestly didn't even, my phone was dead and like by the time I turned it on, I like those messages got lost in the, in the flood. Got It. Got it. So I didn't even see the apologies. So you weren't, your phone was dead were you not? Were you watching Kent State, Tennessee? Nope. Damn. Just living your Life. Just living my life. And the Apple Cup. That's brutal because that one meant more. Yeah, it did. And And, we were right there at the, at the goal line at the end. I Know because you can't chant mountain west at, at Wazoo anymore. Yeah. Can't make fun of him for their non-conference. Are You still confident in the coach? Yeah. And his name is what?


How do you think the quarterback played Hank? I don't know. You got the coach's name? I don't. Jed Hoyer? No. Jed Fish. Jed Fish came From Arizona. That's An easy one. Yeah. You got that. Now we're gonna quiz you next week. Okay. This is tough. I know how much that Apple Cup meant to you. I know, like I said, it was seeing the play. I couldn't even bring myself to watch the play until today. Yeah. Yeah. And Tyler Van Dyke got hurt. Have you watched? That's brutal. Have you watched the play? I did. You saw The play? Yeah. What happened on it? They ran to the right. It got stuffed. Yep. He saw it. Confirmed He saw it. Was There any pitchback or what kind of play was it?


It's a run play. I don't think you watch the play. You watch the play, right? It's an option. Play. You Watch the play Option Play. Yeah. Option play. Yep. Yeah. You, I mean That is a run. I understand It's An option. Is a run. It Was so hard for you to watch it. You barely An option is a run. Yeah. Or again, he probably watched it like through his fingers. 'cause he was almost like, I can't look. I can't look. I'm so nervous. He was essentially Roman Roy in, in succession when the rocket blows up and he sees the rocket blow up and he just puts it, puts the phone back in his pocket and he just goes on about his day. Yeah, you saw that and you're just like, I can't deal with this right now. Pretty much.


Alright, before we get to some more games, quick word from our friends at Gametime. So football season is here. We can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports. I was in Madison on Saturday. I used Gametime. I used the game. Gametime Picks feature. Got great seats. 50 yard line. So you know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game Max. You're going to the game tonight, right? Yep. Tonight. Alright. Look it up. Look it up. And see if anyone's looking to go to the game. Still in Philly tonight. Gametime picks. Filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We're looking right now for this game tonight using the GT picks. Ooh. Looks like you can get some good seats. 50 yard line. What do we got? What's the best deal? Alright, you got end zone. I've actually sat in the end zone at the link. 147 Bucs Monday Night Football. That's all with Gametime. Just pull up your chosen event. That's actually a great seat. 'cause it's like the all 22. Just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime pick deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? We're gonna maybe buy those seats. Someone who's in Philly. Buy those seats on Gametime picks. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends at Supercuts. Supercuts knows what you think. It's a quick cheap haircut. You can get almost anywhere. Well, you're right about quick. But Supercuts is not that cheap. It's not a bargain basement chop shop. Like some discount options out there. Supercuts just happens to have 2000 reputable salons full of trained proficient stylists who give great haircuts at reasonable prices. In fact, if I were to ask you to imagine a brand that was visited by nearly 25 million people last year with a satisfaction rating of 96%, what brand would come to mind? Would Supercuts? Probably not, but it should. Supercuts is super convenient. Their salons let you check in at a time that works for you at Supercuts dot com Or just walk right in. It's your hair, it's your call. Find a salon near you at Supercuts dot com. Supercuts real smart hair. Where I'm gonna go get my hair cut at Supercuts in a couple weeks. I'm due for a haircut. So Supercuts, find a salon near you at Supercuts dot com. Supercuts Real smart hair.


Okay, more games in the 10 10 games. Slate Vikings. 2349 ERs. 17. Sam Darn Sam. Darn Sam Donald's back. Sam Donald's has arrived. Sam Darn is our Baker Mayfield of this year. Yeah, it took him seven years. Yeah. But he has finally arrived in the NFL. He's not one of the worst quarterbacks in the world, which he was with the Jets. He is now, dare I say, good. Yeah. He had a 97 yard touchdown pass. Justin Jefferson obviously bomb. Justin Jefferson did some awesome work with the cutback there. QB should never have a 97 yard or more. Touchdown pass in the NFL is from our friend Stat Hole who has a great blog every Monday.


Recapping all the stats. Patrick Mahomes. These are guys who have never had this, that Sam Darn now has. Patrick Mahomes, Peyton Manning, Eli Manning, Dan Marino, John Elway, Joe Montana, Aaron Rogers, Troy Eggman. Pretty good, pretty good group of quarterbacks. And they never did what Sam Donald did today. And. it was incredible. It was a great pass. It was. I And you can't help but root for Sam either. Yeah. I feel like he's, he's one of those guys where through no fault of his own right, he's been just kind of like run through the dog shit. He was on those Hyperdrive Jets, right when they were turning the offense to Hyperdrive, He was poisoned by Adam Gates. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you have to root for a guy like that to come back and Yeah, he looked good today against his old team.


Yeah, it was, I was very happy to see it. The 49 ERs did not look great. No, Fred. Fred Warner by the way, that guy, he is so fun to watch. Yeah. As fun of a linebacker. That's a football player. It's a football player. That guy plays football and he does it very well. I wouldn't smash the panic button yet if I was a 49 ERs, but, but today I thought about the panic button. It's not So Brock Purdy was under fire all day. It felt like Brandon IU can still not got going. Which IGI guess I understand. And Christian McCaffrey is now, is he on the inj? Is he out for four weeks at least? He's on the ir So not panic button because I think the 49 ERs could play bad and still tread water for a month because they have so much talent.


Yeah. But if you're super, you're, you're if expecting to go back to the Super Bowl, it hasn't been the greatest. Start with the fact that Christian McCaffrey is out for a while and the Vikings defense kind of ate you up a little bit. Yeah. Brian Flores, he's a good defensive coach. Not a good head coach. Good defensive Coach. Yeah. They ate you up for sure. Christian McCaffrey being out week one didn't really seem to matter at all. But you think about how good the 49 ERs are and how many options they have and you're like, oh that won't be a problem not having Christian McCaffrey. But then all you're saying is that you're just going back to the pretty good 49 ERs that you had before Christian McCaffrey. Right. And then he just makes your offense look entirely different when he's on the field. Right. You can't play defense against the 49 ERs the same way at all when he's just there.


Right. His presence makes it, makes it a huge difference. Hank What, do you think about Christian McCaffrey? When do you think he's gonna come back? How long do people usually stay on the I ir For four weeks is minimum And he just went on this week. Yeah. Yeah. So probably, probably No around week six. Yeah. You think he's he's definitely coming back. Yeah. I don't see why he wouldn't You Think? Okay. You think he loves football? Not like a Barry Sanders situation. Yeah. He is a football. He is from a football family, football guy. Through and through. He is. He is A football family. Yep. Good point. Brian Flores not, this just popped in my head. I wanna see how I can phrase this. Do you think there was a part of Brian Flores? Well we know Brian Flores isn't a like the nicest guy, right?


Correct. I think that's been established. Correct. Do you think a part of him was like man to his concussion means? I can't say. See, I told you so with how bad Tua was playing before the concussion. Yeah. He probably thought about that. He was definitely rooting against Tua. Yeah. He probably was like telling people, see I told you so. And then had to delete the text message after Tua got the concussion. 'cause we obviously that was a horrific concussion. So he was Probably upset. He was, he was playing horrible before the concussion. Right. So Brian Flores was like, damn, now I can't say hey, hey. I told to his, to his close friends. He probably would say, Hey, I told you So He was, he was equally upset with the hit as he was with not being able to take victory laps about two. Correct. Yeah. Because you know That that's actually what the Viking, the Vikings have done a very good job.


They've just completely sequestered him from Sam. Darn. Yeah. Like Brian Flores should not be allowed to even look at Sam Donald. Right. 'cause he'll just eat him A lot. Don't let him speak to a quarterback ever. He probably mutters under his breath. Like, Sam Donald, you're not worth shit Dude. But that, I think that might be a, a mark of a great defensive coordinator. Yeah. If you hate quarterbacks that much. True. That you just will do anything to break them down. Yeah. Yeah. Just that's great. Just coach defense. Yeah. This game also could have gone very differently if Jordan Mason hadn't Fumb was Jordan Mason who fumbled I think Jordan Mason fumbled. He Fumbled at the goal line going in. Yeah. And that like the, the four nine ERs. That's why the panic button would be super. 'cause you, you just had some plays not go your way even though the Vikings deserve this win.


'cause their defense was very good. But like that fumble took all the momentum outta that game. Yeah. How mad do you think fantasy owners are if they drafted C McCaffey first? Overall Hank What do you think Might be a class action lawsuit? Yeah. Very mad. But they're, But it's not like he's, it's not like anything else is going on there, right? Hank? I don't think so. Okay. Oh wait, maybe it was Brock Purdy who fumbled Brock Purdy did Fumble and I think Deebo might have recovered it. Oh, maybe the statute statute saying lost was only one from Brock Purdy and Jordan Mason had a fumble as well. I don't know. Either way they fumbled on the goal line. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Jets 24 Titan 17 memes.


Congrats memes. Let's go. Wanna know? Babe? Let's go win one baby. All the apps still on your phone. All the apps still on my phone. All TV's intact. Yes. Let's go memes. So how are we feeling Currently? Feeling great. Beginning of the game. I was, I was in a, a dark place 'cause it was one of those time is a flat circle. The Patriots are good and the Jets suck. Yeah. Because it looked like the Patriots were Gonna win, gonna Win. I mean, it was seven, nothing. Yeah. Now memes, you're a, you're a big TV setup guy, right? Yes. Like at your house you've got it's quite, quite the setup. How many do you have? Four. Four. Four. In the one room, one in the other.


So memes are also a big interactions, impressions guy on social media, correct? Correct. Have you thought about if the Jets lose a big game, sacrificing one of those TVs just to do numbers To buy another one Easily Just smash one done it many times. Well, No, I was going to, if they, if the Titan scored a touchdown and got the two point conversion And You were gonna, which they would've gone for two. Were were you gonna film it? Probably not. It would've just been a full, full kick. Well, you gotta film it. You gotta have like a GoPro going. Yeah, I'll set one up on the, on the ceiling. So it captures it. I don't think I have time to be take the phone out and then Right. It's just gotta be all one motion. Yeah. Have You thought about which TV you're gonna sacrifice when it does happen? The one all the way to the left.


Okay. Okay. That's the one that's like the bastard child. You don't, you don't like that one. Yeah. Memes. How are you feeling about Nathaniel Hackett and Robert Salah? First quarter, I wanted every single person fired. As the game progressed. I'm okay because there's A chance Robert Sah is just not a good head coach. But he always had the excuse of Zach Wilson as his quarterback. Yeah. There's a very good chance Because the, the, the Jets were kind of sloppy again. Some, a lot of penalties. Just like the, what was up with there was multiple times where I feel like Aaron Rogers the play clock, they had to call timeouts. I believe that was on Aaron Rodgers. Okay. Okay. He just forgot how He forgot about time.


Yep. Okay. It'll happen when you're in a darkness retreat. Yeah. What. do you think about my guy Braylin Allen Badger Braylin Allen's a stud. Having him and Briere Hall in the same backfield is, is a problem. Yeah, it is. You want the craziest woe stat. Yes. It was such a whoa stat that I actually had to call Jake and tell him the stat. 'cause I knew he'd appreciate it. I swear to God I called him like an hour ago. Braille Allen is the youngest player. To score a touchdown in the NFL in almost a hundred years. Since 1930. 1930 was the last time there was someone as young as him. Braille Allen today is 20 years old. 200 239 days. In 1930. Arne Herber was 20 years old.


239 days. Whoa. The exact same age. Whoa. They're both from Wisconsin. They both their badgers. That was the last time someone as young as him scored a touchdown to the day. So they tied. Yeah. Arne Herber was a problem. I watched some of his, he was actually like the first one to pass. Was he really? Yeah. So was he quarterback or running back? He was both. Okay. So kind of like a dual threat guy. Yeah. Like a Justin Fields. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. Memes. Braylin Allen. He is very, very explosive. And this is why, this is why running backs should be allowed to enter the draft earlier because you get guys like that that are ready and then they get to their second contract by the time they're what, like 24, 25 years old? Yeah. I mean he's young. He's always been Young. Then you can dip on a second contract. But yeah, he's, he's very fun to watch. He was 17.


Ar ar was that a woe for you? That was a woe. It's Crazy. Herbert, we might need, we might, my mind is blown. We might need you to make an Arnie. Like Arnie Herbert was a problem highlight reel. What Team did he play for? He played for the Packers. So he, he had a crazy story. He played freshman for Wisconsin. Yep. Then went to Regis college in Denver and Regis College disbanded their football team. And so he moved back. He's from Green Bay. He moved back to Green Bay and was working as like a janitor. And then they were just like, he's like, can I try out for the team? And then he was a problem. And then he was a phenom And then he scored right there. Yeah. He's running the ball. He is passing the ball. I saw one where he threw one of the worst passes ever.


But it worked. Look at that Back foot. He's actually known as like the predecessor to like the Sammy Ball. Like the guys who started like really throwing the ball. This is sick. Yeah. Arnie. Arnie Herber problem. Look at Him. Look at a field. It's trash. Bang dime. Oh. Oh I love the red. That a milk man. Yeah, it looked like a milk man. Got lost. The forms. Used to be News boy caps and then pajamas. That Guy rules and there's all Yeah, that look at that. That was a tight spiral. Yeah, They were probably saying that's witchcraft. You can't pass the ball. Arnie Herber problem. So yeah, that 20, 20 years old, 239 days. That's Bra and Allen did the exact same thing today. Yeah. I do like how Nathaniel Hackett is kind of figuring out all these guys.


They actually do have in their offense brail and Ha Allen was this week, next week they'll figure out Mike Williams. They're figuring One week at a time. Just one week. They'll figure out every single person they have on The team. When is Garrett Wilson gonna be figured out? Thursday night. Okay. This Week Nathaniel Hackett is essentially renting an Airbnb and like you get there, you check in at night and then the next day you're like, oh there's this room. Yeah. Essentially. Oh shit. They got a back patio. Oh cool. We can just unlock everything here. Yeah. 1 1 1 week at a time though. Okay. Can't expect To watch. Can't put too much on his plate. No GTL for Thursday. GT L, guess that line. Oh. Oh I'm, where's the game being played?


New York. I'm gonna say it's New York. New Jersey. In New Jersey. I'm gonna say the New Jersey Jets minus three and a half. I was gonna say four. What is it? I'm gonna guess four and a half. We can say Five. We've covered it all. Max, do you wanna go five and a half or you wanna go two and a half? I'll go two and a half. Oh wow. Okay. We've got it all. I guess we didn't have three. Alright, do we have a line? Is anyone looking at it? You Hank, when you say should we do GTL? You should, you should look up GTL. So then you can tell us the GTL. My phone's Dead. Oh again. Whoa. Jets minus seven. Seven. Whoa.


Our advanced stats. How you gotta hammer the Patriots? Yeah, I'm gonna hammer the Patriots. Damn. Wow. Damn. Wow. That must have Braly Allen. He's only 20 years old. 239 days Maybe. Do they know Drake may starting. Oh, does Vegas know something? Push the ball Down field. Yeah. Will Levis we like. Yep. Will Levi needs to like maybe go to like a Mike Pence conversion therapy where they like sacks are. Okay. Well that'll be the opposite. That'd be the opposite. Yeah. That'd be opposite. But no sacks. Taking a sack is okay. No, still not. Mike Pence. He Did, he did the same thing.


Different. 'cause it wasn't a pick six, but it was a fumble where he was getting sacked and he just threw the ball backwards when they were going in on the six yard line. Yeah. It's okay to take a sack. We'll love us. Play better today. But it's okay to take a sack and not do it's actually, Briscoe said he's kind of like Josh Allen early Josh Allen. And there's a similarity in that just mashing all the buttons and hope the play works. That Play was, it was full. Josh Allen. Yeah, it was bad. Josh Allen. I think Josh Allen did that exact same play when he was in the playoffs. Was it against the Texans? I believe it was, it was the same game where he threw the the bomb down field to the fullback. Right. Yeah. He, it was the exact same type of play where he was upside down and then threw the ball underhand to some guy that wasn't standing there.


Yes. And one of the worst fumbles that you'll ever see. He does. He is a little bit crazy. Crazy. I think you're gonna get a lot of, he's crazy at when he throws the ball down field sometimes it looks really good coming out of his hands. He's got strong arm. He can look good, he can run, but he needs to be just like 20% less crazy. Yeah. Maybe even 40% less crazy because the Titans defense is good. Yeah, they are. That's a good defense. And like that, that was, he's Got some weapons too. Yeah, They could have won. Yeah. Like the Titans are the Titans are the number one. Oh and two team. That could easily be two and Oh Yeah. La Jerry Snead pretty good at defense. Yeah. Calvin Ridley. Great Catch. Unbelievable catch. Just Be, just dial back the crazy.


Just Turn it down a little bit. Yeah. And just remind yourself that, hey, getting sacked is not the worst thing. Was his offensive coordinator or his head coach that was like, Hey Will, what the fuck are you doing? I think it was, I think it was Brian call. Was that Brian Callahan? Yeah. Who We like as well. So we like him too. Yeah. Titans Are gonna be, they're not gonna make the playoffs, but I think they will be one of those spoiler teams. Tough out teams. You've seen it through two weeks, but just turn down the crazy a little. Yeah. Also, that's the complete correct reaction from your coach when you do something like that. Oh, 100%. You don't wanna think we all were thinking That you don't wanna nurture that. You don't wanna be like, that's okay. It'll be better next. No, you want to, you wanna correct that problem immediately. Yeah, you want to. Yeah. You wanna basically they should do, they should do the, I know it's, it's kind of like a trope.


It doesn't actually, I hope it doesn't still happen, but like you catch your kid smoking a cigarette, you make him smoke an entire pack of cigarettes. Yeah. They should just have him just keep getting sacked and throwing it backwards. Being like another fumble. Fuck you. What are you doing? I Was gonna say actually the next time they catch him doing that, he should make him smoke a whole pack of cigarettes. That too. I think that would fix the problem. That's actually the best way to correct any behavior if He was just sitting on the sidelines smoke. Like what happened? Will, yeah. Why, why are you smoking this pack of cigarettes? Did another crazy, I turned the ball over. Crazy Play where I could've easily just taken a sack. I Actually think that would work. Yeah. Yeah. He should do that. Yeah. Just make Or ban mayo from him. Yeah. If you take away the mayo, maybe he'll stop doing it. That's cruel. You just give it as a treat.


Yeah. You're just like, Hey, you can't have mayo this week unless you turn down the crazy. Instead Of those, the things that go around your neck, the collars that prevent concussions, he should just wear an actual shock color. Yeah. And so during the game, just buzz 'em. Yeah. You buzz 'em when you need him to just go down for a sack. Yeah. That is Mike Pence. Yeah. Yeah. There, there it is. We found it. Okay, next game. Packers 16, Colts 10. Malik Willis did It. There should be a, a giant blinking sign that appears on this podcast that whenever I say this is my favorite game to bet of all time that you should take the opposite of what I say. And. we call it in real time too. Yeah. I Mean, I, I like to pack.


They were my mortal. I am a big on advisors. I'm a giant square. I have four equal distance sides. I have four six lines of symmetry. However many square has That's me. Yeah. I'm square. When I told you I was gonna bet this game heavier than any other game, that was the most obvious sign of all time. That when, when it's reached me, when that level of confidence has reached me, you should do the exact opposite of what I Say. Here's the thing, you can't, you, you, you weren't wrong in the fact that betting against Malik Willis is probably a good idea. Yep. The, it just overshadowed that. And I know that I, I'm, I'm in for a war. We're gonna get to the Bears game. I'm in for a war next week with the Colts fans because the Bears play the Colts. But Anthony Richardson is just not that good at quarterbacking right now.


Right now he could get better. I know that there were also some drop passes. So I'll I'll say that right, right up front. Like there were definitely drop passes for Anthony Richardson, but he had two very, very bad interceptions. Yeah. And missing guys. And the Packers, like I said, on Friday, I thought they were gonna just run the ball. They ran the ball 53 times. They basically were like, Malik, here's the game plan. We're gonna have you throw it. I think he threw it 14 times. He's 12 for 14. We're gonna play defense and we're gonna let Anthony Richardson make the mistakes. Not you make the mistakes. And it was, we give Matt LaFleur a lot of shit. I think he's a phenomenal coach. And that this game showed it like this was a, a coaching game where Matt LaFleur was like, I know that I got my hand behind my back with Malik Willis, but I have a path and this is the path.


And they, the Packers ran it to perfection. Yeah. It was, it was ugly for the Indianapolis defense and their run defense stinks. Yeah. This is, this is two games. That was part of why Yeah. Because I was like Josh Jacobs, they got absolutely gashed. Yeah. And this was, it was ugly. And Josh Jacobs Fumble Not stop anything. They did fumble on the Goldlock. They got a break on that one. Yeah. So yeah, it was mostly about the Packers just owning the clock and then letting Anthony Richardson make the mistakes. He did not play well. Malik Willis played better than I thought that he would too. Yeah. I was surprised. So he, he obviously didn't win the game for the Packers, but he had over a hundred yards passing for the first time in his career. So that's pretty impressive. He Ran the ball. The Packers had the ball for 40 minutes and The Packers have now won 12 straight home openers.


Yeah. That's the longest streak in the NFL And the next longest going into this weekend. I'm not sure what it is now, but the next longest was three going into this weekend. Yeah. So now I guess that would be 13 straight home openers that the Packers have won. Yeah. So tough place to play no matter what time of year. Yeah. And They looked, I mean, I normally, I'd be mad that the Packers won a game like this, but because I prepare prepared myself and I was like, I think they're gonna win this game because I think Matt Lefler is gonna do a really good job getting them ready. I was ready for it. And again, I, Anthony Richardson, I just don't, I don't see it What other people see. Maybe Hank, you're an Anthony Richardson guy. What What do you see?


And and I know everyone's gonna come after me and be like, Caleb Williams has not looked good through two games. I agree. We're gonna get to that. The only difference is Kale Williams was really good in college. Anthony Richardson wasn't. So that's where I'm like, I don't know. I don't know where it came from. He's got a great PR team. Anthony Richardson, the College game that I saw many was the greatest player that's I've ever seen play in person. Yeah. I, I know there's seen up, I've for Richardson. That's all, that's what I've seen to ball out against the, well, an Anthony Richardson also had some cool games last year before he got injured. Yeah. He's, he's got, obviously that arm doesn't grow on trees. So I, again, I've, I I feel like I'm repeating myself. I apologize if I am, I understand drafting him as a project. It's just not there yet where he should be a favorite on the road. I would say that Anthony Richardson highlights are up there with almost any other quarterback's highlights.


Yeah. If you just watch his good plays And the low lights are tough. Low lights are very, very bad. Yeah. Yeah. No actors. So you still believe in them? No. Okay. We had a quick technical issue. Hank just teleported over the couch. We also forgot where we were in our conversation. Quick in the pocket. Took a minute. Oh. And Richard quick in the pocket. No Accuracy though. Yeah. I think I said, I think I, I was explaining it to someone he, his deep ball, if he could throw his medium deep ball and his short ball, like his sometime deep ball. Yeah. It would be sick If he could throw his short ball like his deep ball. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. 'cause his deep ball's awesome. Yeah. Except when he throws picks on it. Yeah. Yeah. He's, look, I think he's exciting to watch when he plays well, but right now it, he's got a lot of work to do.


Yeah. Young quarterbacks shouldn't be judged by a few games. He's what? On his fifth game? Yeah. I'm just saying I don't see it right now. Maybe it's, it could be the offensive line's fault. Could be, could be the defense fault. Could Be, could be The Russian def. The Indianapolis needs to figure out the run defense. Yeah. I mean I, again, I just walked away from this game being like, this is what I, I've known it forever. The Packers run a a model organization. That's what they fucking do. They're annoying that way. They have a, a guy who by all like visuals can't play quarterback of the NFL and they bring him out there and then he wins the game. That's what they do. That's what the Packers fucking do. I think Hank give him a, he gave him a nickname prematurely. What'd he say?


Tony Rich. Tony Rich. Tony Rich. A little too soon for that. Tony Rich today was not Tony Rich. Also, shout out Josh Meyers for puking on the ball and then still snapping it. Yeah. That was a great, a great part of the game. Would Malik say like, I didn't throw the ball because it had puke on it. Yeah. Yeah. And not a gamer. And the, the ref, I guess went up to Matt LaFleur after the game was like, or maybe after the play and said, Hey, if that happens again, do you want us to stop the play? He's like, yeah, I'd appreciate that. That'd be fun. Now is it, is it a flag if your, if your center pukes on a defensive lineman? I don't think so, because I would Stink used to piss on people. Yeah. I would, I would train my offensive line to do that. Yeah. It was, that was quite a visual though. Just puking directly on the ball and then snapping it and Yeah.


Then Malik Willis didn't throw the ball. Yeah. Because he had puke On it. Now next week we have a Malik Willis revenge game. He's Playing the Titans, He's playing the Titans. So what, how do we handicap that? Mm. Because I feel like we got a good Malik game today. Are we, are we gonna bet on it to happen Two, two games? Or I might just keep betting against Malik until I win. I think it might be just double my bet every time. I think it might be three in one against the spread. I'm Pretty sure. And the Titans Titans Defense have snatched two defeats from the jaws of victory. Yeah. Good line there, Hank. Yeah. But everyone's down on the Titans. Maybe. Maybe I'm just cashing at the right time. Wait, So you're gonna, you're down on the Titans. I Think I might double my bets every week against Malik Willis until I hit one. Got It.


Okay. Yeah, I mean that's, I feel like that's A good stretch. It'll happen eventually. It has to. Although Jordan Love, that was weird when he was questionable and then doubt. Doubtful. But it was weird that he was even questionable for a minute. Yeah. It was really strange. Yeah. So then Jordan Love could start and then I'd feel like a real asshole. Yeah. I was worried about that for you. I don't think I, truth be told, Big Cat, you'll probably agree with this. I think that it's just the Packers just, if, if somebody puts on a Packers uniform, That's what I said. Then they become good at quarterback. That's, It's, it's bullshit. There's some teams where you put on their uniform and you become a bad quarterback. We know several of them. And then there are some teams where it's just, you fit in and It's, it's again, it's, they have a backup quarterback and they're like, Hey, here's what we're gonna do.


We're gonna drop a perfect game plan. Yeah. This is how we can win the game and play to our strengths. And then they execute it. And then you walk away saying, how the fuck did they just do that? And everyone tweets you being like, Malik Willis has more wins than, or touchdown passes than Caleb Williams and shit like that. Yeah. That's mean. Yeah. That's Bullshit. And for a while it was also true that he had more a hundred yard passing games. Yeah. But Not anymore. But not anymore. Not anymore. Wow. You're feeling yourself with the handoff king Dude. He handed the fuck outta that Ball. He's feeling himself with the handoff. King Jane Daniels is good Guys. Didn't score a touchdown. Browns. Yeah. But guess what? We won Hank. We scored 21 points first team in NFL history to win a game. When your opponent scores three touchdowns and you don't score a single touchdown, Do you do offensive?


Do false starts come back to the quarterback? Or is that not related? Depends. It depends on what kind of false start. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause they had like 27 in the red Zone. In the red zone. They did. Yeah. That's true. And. we overcame 'em. Yeah. Alright. Browns. Jaguars. Do you wanna See him fail Hank? No. I think you wanna see K Williams fail. I want. No, I want It's not your take it. I want all of your teams to win. I don't at all. I want all of their teams to lose. I want Caleb to be, I've been nothing but nice about Jake. I want Caleb in this room to win. And I Want Caleb to be good. I don't, I don't, I was rooting Starting To feel that's not the case. I was rooting for Caleb tonight. Hank And I just wanted Jayden Daniel To score a touchdown for Yeah. For the Yeah, I bet did as well. Yeah. And they just kept, and There were so many times he had to, he was in great situations.


And then I, I was, was following the game cast on the, on the Plane. I think I'm the second biggest Caleb fan in this room. I don't think so. I don't think so. Why? I just don't think so. I think Hank, I on my fantasy team. Yeah. Hank probably is. I like Caleb Williams. I, I Think if there's like a mouse in here, he might be, I Don't know what else to say. I'm A critter Creepy. I'm rooting for crawler on the ground. It's okay. He hit a bad game. We're gonna get to it. But it's okay. I, I can feel the, the shift. I felt the shift there. I did. I You Guys both want your quarterback to be better than the other. And that's Of course, That's well, oh yeah. But I'm not rooting against Jaden Daniels like I was. I have never said you can find one bad thing I've ever said about Jaden Daniels.


I'm Not really, To be fair, I don't think p ft is the vibe. I understand the vibe, the Vibe shift. I'm talking about vibe. But like, it's Purely on vibes. I I think they're like Both of vibes are Shifting vibe. I think Big Cat his vibe. Big Cat at first. Big Cat on Not you're on high alert. No, I mean, which is fine. I said to Malik Will thing and you're like, and also Malik Willis had more a hundred yard passing games before Kale blooms. That was, you basically turned into a Twitter, a Twitter Responder. Well, at this, at this point in the podcast, I was also feeling salty about losing my bet so badly because it was a big bet. And so losing to Malik Willis. Yeah. Then I get mad about Malik will. But I'm been gracious about it. I bet The Packers I've been very gracious. Yeah. I've been very gracious. I just fucking hate the Packers and I know when they're gonna win.


And that was such a Packers game. I told you I wanted Caleb Williams to win how many nine Super Bowls. Yeah. And then Jayden just gets three. Yeah. I feel like that's, that's pretty gracious. Yeah. We're doing a gracious off. Just saying. The vibe shifted there. Alright. Brown's Jaguars. Let's talk about the Brown's Jaguars Brown's defense is back. Trevor Lawrence had 16 yards in the first 35 minutes of the game and they looked so bad. Yeah. I've got a sad Jaguar stat for you. Courtesy for a good friend, uncle Chaps. He sent this one over to me. you know how long it's been since Trevor has his last victory as a starter?


Mm. It's 294 days. Mm. It's longer than the drought between his last college victory and his first NFL victory. Oh man. So it's been a while. Urban Meyer is his coach's first Year. Yeah. It's been a while for Trevor. The Browns didn't look bad today. And, it seems like maybe having their starting tackles back makes a pretty big difference. Yeah. They didn't look bad until they did look bad and tried to be the Jaguars. They tried to out Jaguar the Jaguars. They had the game in hand and then they're like, let's see if we can fuck around and give this game to the Jaguars. There was that moment with two minutes left where they had a third and 36 up. 16 to 13. They ended up getting the safety make it 1813. But that was close. The Browns were close.


They were close. The the Browns also passed the ball for some reason when they had the ball and they were up late, they could have essentially run out the clock. But then they decided that they were gonna get cute with it and try to pass Did not work for them. It was, it was nice to see Jamis out on the field. Yes. I guess He's their could be sneak, He's their our designated quarterback. Sneaker Memes had the stat one and Oh. In games that Jamis plays. That's pretty good graphic. I think we've got a formula there. That's pretty good graphic. So are the Browns good or the Jaguars bad? I think, I think Jags bad. Yeah. I think the Jaguars are bad. I think the Browns defense can still be good against bad quarterbacks. Yeah. Miles Garrett was making Trevor live in hell today.


Yeah. And Trevor Lawrence did have, he ended up with 220 yards. But yeah, it was, it was ugly for a very long time. Yeah. It was very Ugly. It was a very ugly game. Weird weather. And Deshaun Watson, that one graphic, oh man, do we have that? The latest allegation graphic for Deshaun. He literally has, he has like working in a factory, you know, five days since the last time he's had an allegation Against him. I have it right here. Deshaun Watson. Latest. This, This was a graphic on the TV during the, on the Broadcast. Yes. Yeah. I said it's bad when they have the latest allegations. Graphic ready to go. Yeah. Latest allegations Monday accused of sexual assault and new lawsuit this week.


Strongly denies allegation of 2020 incident NFL reviewing under personal conduct policy 2022 season served 11 game ban for violating conduct policy faces three active lawsuits alleging sexual misconduct settled. 23 claims in 2022. Face no criminal charges. That's a, that's a, a rough graphic for you to, to interrupt the football game with. Yes. Now I heard that when they restructured his contract, they did something with being able to cut him for like moral issues. Yeah. So this summer that that report came out, that it, it, they took the clause out where if he gets another suspension by the NFL Yeah. He can be cut and not have to pay him as much.


He's on a zero tolerance policy for committing sexual assault. Yes. Let that be a lesson. It's Finally enough is enough. Yeah. After 22 allegations. Is it 22? I thought it was more, I forget how Many, I think it might be in the thirties. Well, I don't know. By the time this podcast comes out. Yeah, sure. I think we learned our lesson last week. Yeah. The Browns didn't look great. Their offense didn't look great. Jerome Ford looked okay at times. Yeah, but they're not, they're not back where they were last year. No. They'll look like they did with Flaco. No, It's just such a, you can't go with a different vibe than No Joe Flaco or Deshaun Watson. Bad vibe. It was also Deshaun Watson's birthday this weekend. Oh. Which the Browns pointed out by, they put out a, a post on Instagram and on Twitter it seems mean because you know, the admin knew Exactly.


Do you're walking happen with the comment section? I don't know. Maybe. Maybe that's in his contract. You have to wish me a birthday. I could see him doing that social. I could see that too. 'cause there's no other reason for them to just subject themselves to the worst possible replies. Yeah. It's like, well, I I guess they know it's gonna do numbers. They Just stood out there and took it. It's gonna do interactions. Why didn't memes, why, why isn't that part of our social section? Yeah. Why didn't we wish him a happy birthday? We should start wishing Deshaun Watson. Please put that into the calendar. Yeah. For next year Wish. Make sure you wish him a happy birthday. And then Pardon My Take socials. I think he has this blocked. It doesn't matter. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. Still wish him a happy birthday. Means we're getting too close to the truth. Tell the truth. Alright.


Last game of the early slate. Chargers 26. Panthers three. This is exactly what we expected to happen. It happened. Jim Harbaugh has completely changed the culture. Now the Panthers are bad. Very, very bad. Worst team in the NFL Jim Harbaugh has completely changed the culture of the Chargers to the point where Quentin Johnson is catching footballs. Yeah. Crazy. Right? But It actually is. And I know. So I think there's some new, not new listeners, but also new just people to Jim. Like my love affair with Jim Harbaugh, which has been very long time. I had to have it kind of under wraps when he was the Michigan head coach.


Just because I don't like Michigan. Now that he's back on the NFL, I'm going to be posting every single thing the guy does because I love him to death. But the, like, his backing of Quentin Johnson this summer, I feel like gave Quentin Johnson the confidence to be like, you know what I can catch and that is my job. Yeah. Let me go do It. Yeah. He you need somebody else to believe in you sometimes. And That's what happened. He and he said it after. He is like, everyone just piles on the guy and he's a good football player and he's gonna be a good football player for us. It's like, yeah. Jim Harbaugh has changed the culture where Quentin Johnson is catching Footballs and now Justin Herbert is accepting pre-game dap ups from Jim, where he just beats the shit outta his shoulder pads and his back. The look that, that Harbaugh gave him after the first week where he is like, no, we're not hugging.


This is what I do to quarterbacks Yeah. For every game. And then week two it rolls around and Herbert's ready for it. He's ready, he's ready for it. He's ready to go. He face contact now. Yes. Harbaugh has been so much fun to watch. Now, if you're a Panthers fan, I do have a stat that will make you feel better. I feel like we should give them a little bit of pos try to find something Okay. That Panthers fans can be like mildly okay. About, yeah. So this is the stats to make you feel better the week if you're a Panthers fan, Bryce Young had 38% more passing yards in the first half than Trevor Lawrence had. Mm. So Bryce had 22 yards passing in the first half. Okay. Trevor Lawrence had 16 yards passing in the first half. Whew. So that's Big. Bryce Young did that. That little hop he did to try to get it over.


The lineman was so cute. It was, I feel bad for Bryce Young. I feel bad for Adam Thilan. It's, they're a tough watch. Yeah. They're a really, really tough watch. Yeah. There's not a lot to, to look forward to about those games. He, the Panthers didn't get a first down until their fifth drive of the game. And then when they got the first down, the very next play was a Bryce Young interception. That's sad. Yeah. Now is, is there something that Carolina Panthers fans could do to do like a reverse major league to make their owner David Tepper move the team outta town? Mm. Like can you tank property values in the stadium area? He's probably looking for a new stadium anyways. Yeah. Because that's what owners do when they get a team. He's get, He's just getting restless. He's like, well, this toy isn't working. Yeah.


We'll get a new One. It's not, it's not anything about how I'm running the team, it's just the walls that my team is forced to play in. Yeah. That's what's making us bad. But if I was a Panthers fan, I would, I would strongly consider trying to force to ask him, move the team. Yeah. This is bad. He said, asked about the con about his confidence. Bryce Young says his confidence is in the Lord. At least he's getting it from somewhere. That's good. Yeah. I I just, they're a tough watch. And that was the worst in God's hands. Yeah. It's in God's hands. That was the worst matchup for them because the Chargers are a man football team now. They ran the ball 44 times. Jim Harbaugh just, I mean he, yeah. The, the team is Jim Harbaugh's identity. He's so, so enwrapped in everything that he asked the equipment staff this week to give him Justin Herbert's shoes, whatever sneakers he wears because there's not a gene in his body.


I wouldn't immediately trade for talking about Justin Herbert. That's amazing. That That was his Quote. That's amazing. I love it. And I love that he's wearing his shoes now. 'cause it probably makes him feel like a quarterback too. Yeah. He's like, I'm a, I'm a real ball player. Yeah. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. So he is keeping the team out east. We talked about this on Thursday. Yep. So they're staying in Charlotte this week. Body clock. He said bring the board games for the trip. I looked into it. I found out the board game that they're bringing along. It's, I think this was on the athletic, it's called chameleon. It can be played by anyone from three to eight players. One player is secretly designated as the chameleon. A code word is also selected. The other players must figure out who the chameleon is before the chameleon figures out the code word. That sounds like a fun game.


Ooh. So Harbaugh loves it sounds Like Wolf. Yeah. W werewolf. Yeah. Sounds a little bit like secret wolves, right? Yeah. Werewolf. So they're gonna just be playing chameleon all week, which it should be fun. Yes. Just a little boys trip. And Harbaugh was like, I love it. It reminds me of just being back in training camp, doing this road trip. I get it. I get it For him. But also like training camp was like three weeks ago. Yeah. Four Weeks ago. But He misses it. He misses training camp already. He misses it so much. He's a football Guy. Yeah. Now for Bryce Young, he did, he set a record today. So he threw for 84 yards on 18 completions, which is record low for that completions. The Panthers haven't led a game in 272 days. I guess 273 now.


It's a long time without a lead. So I have a question for you. Big. Cat. Yeah. Can the Panthers, should the Panthers bench. Bryce. So why would you, Because he's not very good. But what's the point? Are you trying to win football games? Well, That's theory The problem. In theory. In theory. But I, you would have if you, if you're just this bad all year. Yeah. You'd have the number one pick then you can draft a quarterback of, of your choosing. Yeah. I, I see what you're saying. I do think they would maybe fuck around and win a couple games with Andy Dalton. I guess the question is what 'cause it, it sucks for Bryce Young.


I don't know if he ever would've been a good quarterback, but it doesn't feel like it's ever gonna happen. Carolina, I feel like that part is, is kind of done. 'cause even if he plays the rest of this year, there's no way the Panthers are gonna be good enough where they're like, we're gonna keep him going forward. Especially if they have the number one pick. Okay. So Canals was brought in to fix Bryce Young. Right. Because he's obviously still a very young quarterback. They still probably hope that he can be good. Yeah. You, you can't give up hope in year two. Yeah. So they hired a head coach to fix him. He's not playing well right now. Would he play better if he was benched right now and got to sit for a while and watch Andy Dalton? Mm. Would that improve the long-term prospects for I don't know if it would. I don't know. I, I don't know what I don't, I don't think anything would improve.


Maybe, I guess you could try it. Bryce Young, but then, but then Andy Dalton. Then you come into the problem of Andy Dalton plays better. Everyone in the locker room's like his guy's better. Yeah. You try to go back to Bryce Young and everyone in the locker room's like, what the fuck are you guys doing? Like these are, we're putting our bodies on the line and you're, you just bench the better quarterback. And then Bryce Young understands that the better quarterback is 80 Dalton. And then he feels weird about play. I mean, he probably feels weird about his play right now. Yeah. I mean, it sucks. It's a bummer. Yeah. I feel bad for him. It's, it's a tough watch. He, he, he didn't complete a pass over 10 air yards and he only attempted two of them over 10 air yards. Yeah. So he's just not even was one of those cute little jump.


It might've been. No, that was kind of a sideways Yeah. Yeah. With the sidelines. Yeah. It's a tough watch. The last thing is, I, I think you posted this as well, PFT, but the Harbaugh quote that we gotta play for the people Yeah. Is so, so good. I'm gonna play it here. Let's see. I'm gonna find it. Let me get it ready for this. Yep. Guys who like football, I love guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football, I mean, they try to avoid me. 'cause I'm always trying to get them to like football more. One of the best quotes ever.


I have a Rollback question for you. Pf Rollback dot com. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts. Rollback dot com. Promo code. Take Lemme play it one more time then I'm gonna ask my question.


Okay. I love guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football, I mean they try to avoid me. 'cause I'm always trying to get them to like football more. Without saying too much. I think we should remix this and make it our new intro. Okay. What, do you think I'm in? Yeah. I mean it's the perfect quote. He literally made that quote for us. I like guys, he, he described our podcast. One of my favorite parts about that quote is he said, I love guys who like football. Yeah. So you don't even have to love football for Jim Harbaugh to love you.


Right. You just have to like football. Right. If you like football, then he loves you. And then later on in the quote, he almost says even guys who don't like Football, football, he was almost saying like, I like those guys too. But then he stopped himself and he was like, well no, they probably don't like me 'cause I'm always trying to get them to love football. Right. Which is so applicable to all of our lives where it's like, people who don't like football, you, you, you know, everyone's been in that, that social setting where it's like you find someone who doesn't like football. Yeah. And you can get through maybe a few minutes of conversation then just boom. Like, wait, so you don't What do you What do you do on Sunday days? You don't watch football? Then what? What's your life? Yeah. What. do you do What? Do you care about what What do you love? We might as well just be from different countries.


I don't understand this. I love Guys who like football. There should be a dating app for just guys that like football. Yeah. It's called, it's called Yahoo Fantasy Football. I like that. It's called DraftKings. DFS. Which did we, how did we finish? Did did I win? I don't think I was close. Yeah. How'd you finish? It's a dead last. Oh, that was a great setup. I was Close. As close as Fuck you were. Should we, at one point, should we re remix that and make it an intro? I'm already, I think we should. I'm already working on it. Oh hell. Good. Good. Yes, max. I like it. Let's go. Alright. So that's a, I'm excited about that. And he is our good friend. I fuck, it really is like, it's so refreshing that I can just embrace and enjoy everything that Jim Harbaugh does again, because it was like this when he was with the Niners and then when he went to Michigan, I was like, well I can't, I gotta take a step back here 'cause I gotta play them and all that shit.


And now it's, we're back. It's great. I would watch a hard knocks on just Jim Harbaugh. Yeah. Just Jim Harbaugh like a nature show. Yeah. Like a, a guy in a khaki outfit. Just following him around like he's a wildlife photographer. Yeah. Observing Jim and talking about all the things that Jim's doing. Yeah. I did see a very funny, a Michigan fan. It seemed like online basically trying to get, it was, it was very clear it was one of those people that only watches college football. Yeah. Because they're like, it took Jim Harbaugh two game, two weeks to tie Urban Meyers wins in the NFL. He was in the NFL for a while and he won a lot of games before that. Yeah. Yeah. I like that though.


I love, because usually it's all the other way around when it's like NFL guys parachuting into college football. Right. And then talking about those players and then to see it come the other way. That's nice. Yeah. Listen, we All have our, like that guy was watching the Chargers game be like, wow, Jim Harbaugh's a pretty good NFL coach. I, you know, a lot of times these guys don't translate to the NFL, but Harbaugh does. So Yeah, Panthers are the biggest Palm and I don't know what the spread I who they play next week. Oh, they're, I think they're playing the Raiders. Whose line is it anyway? Where is it? And can you find it? Yep. It's in Las Vegas I believe. I don't, the the Panthers are gonna get to a point if they keep losing like this where their spreads are gonna get, they're gonna be like college football spreads.


Can you imagine? Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna say Raiders minus seven. I'm gonna say Raiders minus seven and a half. One of you is correct. Which one? Big Cap seven. Alright. So it'll probably be seven and a half. What, what? Let me see. I'm gonna look up the Panthers schedule real quick. Let's see where, Let's find their win. Not only find their win, but I wanna see I how outrageous these games are. Gonna get A nice five and five split next week too. Yeah, I like that. Bengals Week four is gonna be a, a pretty, that's gonna be like a 10.


So they play the Chiefs looks like after Thanksgiving. I mean that's, that could be like a 17 point. That's Mean. Yeah. They play the Eagles at the Eagles Cowboys. That those could, those could be creeping up 14, 17 points. Then you're gonna be like, I have to bet them. Oh shit. What? I didn't realize we had the a Tony Rich Caleb Williams Bowl next weekend. Yeah, Dude. That's what I've been saying. Hello. I didn't realize that was all leading up to this. Yes. Now, now the, now the feelings make more sense. I was saying that, I'm like in it's going to be no matter what, it's gonna be hell for me for four hours because it's just gonna be hell.


It's gonna be hell. Where where have you been? Sorry. That was like a top, that was like a point of conversation. Yeah. Yeah. Was that, I didn't realize it was next week. Yes. That was the Entire point behind the rich stuff. Yeah. But I'm saying all this stuff, knowing there's a chance that Anthony Richon could beat Kale Williams and I'm just going to, I will have to deactivate my Twitter. Yeah. Alright, let's get to, we'll do a couple ads and then we'll get to the afternoon games and talk Sunday Night Football.


We'll get back to the games in a second. They're brought to you by SimpliSafe. Have you ever felt a sense of unease when you leave your home wondering if everything is going to be safe while your way? I know I have, but it wasn't until recently I had a neighbor that had a break in and I realized how much I really love my SimpliSafe system. They've got fast protect monitoring, they've got live guard protection. SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of Rele receiving your alarm. They can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. Those are my favorite videos when there's an intruder in the house and then they hear the SimpliSafe system talking to 'em and they stop and they run out. Love watching those. You'll never be locked into a long-term contract so you can cancel at any time. Pricing is transparent and affordable at less than a dollar a day with no hidden fees ever. SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and offers the best customer service in home security. According to Newsweek, it's easy to install, easy to activate your SimpliSafe system in less than an hour. Or choose professional installation to have a pro do it for you. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system. Plus you get a free indoor security camera when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit simplisafe.com/pmt. That's simplisafe.com/pmt. SimpliSafe. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Part of my take is also sponsored by BetterHelp. Kids are always learning and growing, but as adults sometimes we lose that curiosity. What's something that you'd like to learn? Gardening. A new language. Maybe. How to finally beat your best friend in bowling therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time. For no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash pmt today. Get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/pmt.


Okay. Should we talk Chief Bengals first? Let's talk about it. Big Cat. Whew. So Chiefs Outlast the Bengals Bengals looked a lot better. Yep. A lot better. Joe Burrow looked Okay. Yep. Joe Burrow looked okay. I was like very walked away from that game saying the Bengals that I, I thought the Bengals might be in trouble. I was teetering on that with the wrist and everything and the water bottle. I do not think the Bengals are in trouble. They just couldn't beat the Chiefs. 'cause the Chiefs just are inevitable. Yeah, they're inevitable. Said a million times. It's, we had one of the coolest interceptions ever by the Bengals.


A one-handed grab down the sideline And. it was like this incredible play. Cam Taylor Britt. And then like three plays later. Joe Burrow fumbled in the, in the and and everyone stopped playing in the Chiefs. Ran him for a touchdown. Yeah. And Cam Tiller Britt was the guy that was talking shit about Xavier worthy. Yes. And Xavier worthy didn't beat him. Patrick Mahomes had what, like 154 yards passing today. Yeah. So it's, they limited him a little bit. Xavier worthy two for 17. So he was kind of Right. But There's, there's a, an issue that I've seen creeping up And it, it showed its head today. Maybe you'll agree with this. That last flag of the game. Yeah. A lot of people have Chiefs derangement syndrome when it comes to the refs. Oh yeah. A lot.


And it's, it's an issue. So occasionally the Chiefs will get calls and I think the biggest difference is with the Chiefs. If they get a call that's borderline, they make you pay for it and they end up winning the game. Usually if they get One thing that goes in their favor, this was a perfectly normal call. And then you see all the people like across the NFL media landscape posting still shots of what appears to not be pass interference. Correct. It was very clearly pass interference. Yes. Yes. Listen, the, the Chiefs, we can complain about the Chiefs being thiefs of joy, but it doesn't always have to be The refs gave a win to the Chiefs. It's, it's even one I I completely agree with everything you said. It's won more than that because it is the Bengals.


Yes. And listen, we love Joe Burrow. We've spent some time in Cincinnati. Bengals fans for the most part are, are very good people. They also probably lead the league in online like screen grabs. Yeah. Posting them constantly. This all started maybe with the DeMar Hamlin stuff and like, it's not fair that we're doing a coin flip all this shit. But Bengals fans and Chiefs fans is a very combustible situation. And then you add a defensive pass interference, which I agree was, was past interference. And you have what's going on right now where we have, the minute you have reply guys quoting the NFL rule book.


Yeah. you know, you're in too deep. Yes. And we have, and then I don't know if you've seen this PFD, but Bengals fans have now also, and I'm not, I'm not judging Bengals fans 'cause I would do the same thing. So I just want that on the record, that Bengals fans, you have every right to be upset about this maybe for like two days. Then you gotta get on with the season. They found a holding call or a holding call that was missed on that same play. So they're now screen grabbing that. Yeah. And throwing it under every single reply. But you're absolutely right. The Chiefs are very, very hard to beat. So if they get any call late in the game, whether it's warranted or not, everyone's gonna be like, this is bullshit. The Chiefs already are really good. Why are we helping them out at all?


Yeah. And if you remember that game last year where Mahomes did not get the call Correct. And then after the game it's Packers. Yeah. Yeah. And then after the game he was like, no, I'm not going to blame it on that. Right. I'm not gonna complain about that. I'm Gonna yell at my wide receivers. Yeah. Like sometimes, sometimes the shit doesn't go your way. And I get it too, if you're a Bengals fan because you're furious, you played good enough to win, you lose at the last second. So you are, and you can find all the screenshots that you want. If you just look at every play, you can just pause it and it'll be blurry enough and take a picture and be like, look, our guy got held on that one. You didn't call it. You have to have. So you can't just be like, okay, I admit it, we lost great game Chiefs. You have to fight it for a little bit. Yeah. You have To, you have to fight it. And you have to be like, well we didn't really lose the refs fucked us. Yeah. And that, that'll make you go to sleep a little bit better if you can be angry at somebody that's not your own team.


Right. Or just you don't, you wanna delay accepting the fact that the Chiefs are just really good when it counts. Right. And they, they just are, We should note there was that one game where he did complain. Yes. Remember he went up, I think it was after, I think he went up to Josh Yeah. After a game And. it was like that was bullshit and you know it Yep. He apologized afterwards. Yep. But that, that was he of the moment. Bengals fans are in heat of the moment right now. You get a cup 48 hours go off, say everything you want you, it's gonna make you feel a little bit better. It's not gonna change anything. Yeah. Screen grabbing. But it will make you feel better. Screen Grabbing the NFL rule book is a wild move. Right. But especially the one that was going around, which was like, you don't have to call pass interference.


If the defender's making a normal play of the ball and they're not like trying to move the other guy outta the way, then you could say that about almost every pass interference. Right. You'd be like, look, I think he was trying to make a play on the Ball. And here's a pathetic fact about all of us, and I'm talking to all the listeners, all of us in this room. And this is just the truth. When you get screwed in a game like this, it when you think you get screwed in a game like this. 'cause again, we don't think that they, they got screwed. That was the right call. When you think you get screwed in a game like this, sometimes the best coping mechanism is to get in a hour long argument with a random person on Twitter. Yeah. That's what you do. You just, you you, you go back and forth with someone and you try to, well actually them and you never get to an actual point that makes any sense whatsoever.


And you guys will never see eye to eye. But it's, it's kind of, it kind of brings off the stress and you're like, Hey, you know what? I feel better that I just had a like two hour argument with, with Fart Sniffer 69 and I don't even know where he is. Yeah. Then you just get really mad at fart sniffer. Yeah. Right. And you're like this guy on line. And then when he and you block him, then when he makes a good point, you just stop responding to the conversation. Yeah. Agree to disagree and move on. But I I you can see how the Chiefs are just morphing everybody into like a conspiracy theorist Yes. When they win these types of games. Correct. If it's Chiefs of gate Right. Is what it is. And they're just like, this cannot be how the game ended. You must have cheated. I'm gonna get to the bottom of this. It's kind of like the Super Bowl against the Eagles.


Yeah. Where there's two things can be said, can can, can exist in the same exact universe where a penalty can be a penalty. And you can also be mad that the game ended on that. Yeah. That's the truth. Like that the Eagles penalty was a penalty And. we all said, well that was a really underwhelming finish for a Super Bowl. This game was a really good game that was hard fought back and forth and having it end on a penalty when you, when it felt like the Bengals had the Chiefs on the ropes. That sucks. And guess what Bengals, I feel like even though you're Oing two and you gotta, you gotta start winning some games, which I think you will. That's Tough game on Monday. I think you, you you, you proved that now that Joe Burrow's back, you guys are the hardest out for the Chiefs.


That's a fact. You guys, they are the hardest out for the Chiefs. If you ask the Chiefs, if you ask Chiefs fans, if you ask Patrick Holmes, you ask Andy Reed, you hit him with Tru Serum and you're like, what team do you not wanna play? It's the Cincinnati Bengals. Yeah. I think, I think the bills could be up there in that argument, but if they haven't Beat them in a big game, but, but if You asked the Chiefs, they'd say we'd much rather play against the bills Right. Than against the Chiefs. It's not that the bills are, are like head and shoulders better, but I think right now I would put them easily ahead of the Bengal. Yeah. The Bengals hadn't won a game Yet. Haven't won a game yet. Yeah. What is going on with T Higgins? I don't Know. Do we know, is T Hiin Yoshi's next up though? No. Yoshi's. He's fun. Yeah, he's good. Very fun. But Jamar Chase is in t Higgins is out exactly the opposite of what we thought it would be like, like two weeks ago.


Yep. So I don't know what's going on with T Higgins. I I think Jamar Chase and t Higgins it from everything I understand they just flip flop with who's got the headlines this week that they're Upset. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like it was, it was Jamar chase until the last week of training camp. And then t Higgins has an injury and then some people are saying it's not a real injury and T Higgins had to come out last week and say, I'm not faking it. It's real. So I, I don't know. Can Bengals fans explain it to me? Because I've, I've heard conflicting reports, but essentially like, what I understand is this all just goes back to the fact that Mike Brown is poor by owner by NFL owners standards. Yeah. He's poor. He's poor. Like he doesn't have the money to throw at everyone.


And this is what ends up happening. He threw all the money at Joe Burrow, which he obviously should have, but now he's gotta pay everyone else and it's difficult. And Jamar Chase says that he's not gonna go negotiate this season. He feels like they lied to him. Oh no. In the process. That's not good. So it's not good. It's not good. Whatever's happening in Cincinnati. And I think it does boil down to the fact that he doesn't like spending money. Yeah. It you forced him. He had his back up against a wall and had to give him massive contract to Joe Burrow. Yeah. And so now he doesn't have any money for his receivers. Yeah. This is why he just should never draft really good players. 'cause then you have to pay him. Yep. Fact, What a curse. We also have gotten a little too far with everything that Patrick Mahomes does is the best thing ever.


Because did you, did you hear that clip that Tony Romo, when Patrick Mahome threw, he just missed Travis Kel. He threw it under, threw Travis Kelsey. It went in the dirt. And Tony Romo, I gotta find the quote. He basically was like, that's a winning play. He did that intentionally. It was so not intentional, but another chief's derangement where Patrick Holmes could have an incompletion and Tony will be like, that was awesome. Green himself. Dude, I've been watching quarterbacks that throw that incompletion for the last 25 years. It's, There's nothing special. No. A lot of guys can can throw that in completion, but not like Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. He, it, it was, it was a great, IIII feel like the Bengals are gonna be okay.


I really do. I I watched that game being like, the Bengals are gonna be fine. They do have to win a couple games. It's the, it's the September Bengals. Well, yeah. They, they always get to this point where they're like, now we gotta win some games. They always start ing two. This is the third straight year starting oh two I think. Yeah. I Might have to just bet on them to win the Super Bowl. They feels like they're probably a good price right now. They're probably good. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they started in a bad spot. It's crazy to say that the, the Pittsburgh Steelers are two and Oh and the Bengals and the Ravens are owing two. Yeah. Both badly need a win. Who do the Bengals have next week? Bengals have the Commanders. Oh, Monday Night Football. Then they badly need a win. It's a LSU quarterback party. Yeah. And I'm gonna be staring at it And they play So the Bengals have the Commanders and Panthers next two Weeks.


Yeah. This feels to me like I'm about to get my ass kicked. So this Should be, the Bengals should get right-ish. The only good news is that it's not the standalone Monday game. Yeah. Don't, 'cause I feel like we play worse when we have the nation's undivided attention on our shitty team. Yeah. By the way, update on Dylan Raya Cosplaying, his Patrick Mahome. I feel very confident in my position that it's weird. What do you do this week He did the exact replica of the run to the end zone to pump up the crowd doing this. Yeah. And then he did the jump that Mahomes does where he like does a jump squat. And. it was weird. Okay. That's strange. It's strange.


But if it, if it works. But if it works, I No knock on the guy. He's a really good quarterback. It's weird what he is doing. Do you feel confident in it, Hank? Are you still Oh, you have to defend it 'cause of the Tatum Kobe stuff. I don't think it's that weird. Yeah, I think, I think Wait, all So you're, you're just let me hear, hear hear you out. Quarterback before the game goes up to his student section, gets him pumped up and stretches. Okay. If a quarterback ran to the end zone and did the, let's fucking go Feel like every quarterback does it every game. Oh no, you're reaching. No, I'm hank Well first of all, you don't watch college football, so I can't really, I mean, you don't even know what we're talking about.


You saw The, I saw the same highlight you saw on Twitter And you don't think that, that's weird If you put him side by side. I'm sure if you did that with a million other quarterbacks. But then you add in the, the hair and the, the facial hair. If the hairs, It's a trending hairstyle. I'll, I'll agree with you. If the facial hair and the, and the regular hair weren't, if he had totally different hair, totally different facial hair didn't wear the same shades and he did the pump up. I would agree with you. Like that's all right. Whatever. That's fine. It's everything. Max. I feel like you're He's a fucking, it's so weird. Thank you. And you know that it's weird. Thank you. But the look on Hank's face knows that he, he knows that it's Weird. Of course, of course he does. He's playing devil's advocate, which I appreciate. It's, it's what you do if you're an 11-year-old in your backyard.


They're just now when you're the starting quarter kids quarter from Nebraska who're just kids. He's a good quarterback. That's the craziest part. Be yourself. What happens if he gets drafted? I know. Like, is he going to, is he gonna still act like Patrick Mahomes when he is in the NFL? No. That'll be an electric video though. He shaves the head. Isn't he like going, is he like supposed to be like the number one pick when he He's very available. Yeah. Like, and he's, and it's not a knock on him as a person. It's just weird. I Think it's, I mean it's so weird. I'm ready to say it's a knock on him. It feels like he wants to steal his life. Yeah. It's weird. It's weird. So was that talented Mr. Rip Ripley? Yeah. Is that the one where he just becomes people Again? Hank has to defend it because of the Jason Tatum. Kobe Bryant. Yeah.


Just kids. Just kids. Just Kids. Just kids. I don't think it's that weird. Can You imagine, again, it's like you want to be the best quarterback in the world. Why not emulate the best quarterback You are yourself. You are a starting quarterback for Nebraska. Why don't you just be yourself and be the best quarterback in the world? That's what he is doing. No, no. That's not what he's doing. He's Getting the crowd pumped up. He even tries. It's stretching. Ah, what if it's just coincidence? It's what if, what if he doesn't even know that he's, He did kind of try to say that. He's like, I've, he said, oh, he had a quote where he is like, yeah, I I I was playing baseball when I was growing up. Which again, Patrick. Yeah. Okay. He is like, I didn't really watch football, so I don't I Or what'd he say? No, he said that.


He was like, why do you wear number 15? And he goes, oh yeah, I was a big Tim Tebow fan. Yeah, right. Yeah. Right. It's like You were No, it's Patrick Maho. Like it's Patrick Mahoney. What? Yeah. What if he like, what if he starts dating a girl that looks like Britney? Yeah. He was like, he makes his brother act like, like Jackson memes. There was also a story that he transferred to Nebraska because the colors of the jersey look more like, look more like the Chiefs than Georgia does now. Is that, is that true or is that something you read? That's just a rumor and there were a lot of people Saying it. Okay. A lot of people saying it. I like that rumor. He's a good quarterback.


Yeah, he is. Now you guys are just Be yourself. You guys are haters. I think it's very funny. It's definitely weird, but it's also fun. I think it's cool. You should start doing it. Hank You should not Mahomes fuck that guy. Yeah. Well not fuck. You should start dressing like Shannon Sharp Unc clock would That would be cool. Unc clock would be awesome. Yeah. Double luck. That'd be sick. Alright, next game. Yeah. We, I'm happy. We, we are in complete agreement that, that the world has Chiefs derangement. It is And it, it pains me to say that because like Yeah. Sometimes the Chiefs, they beat teams that I would prefer to beat the Chiefs. I'm not saying I, I'm a chief's hater 'cause I'm not. I respect the Chiefs. I respect greatness in all its forms.


When they beat the bills in the playoffs, sometimes I'm like, yeah, I wish Josh Allen was able to beat this team and go to a Super Bowl. That'd be fun. So I'm not a Chiefs, I'm not a Chiefs hater at all. And you're forcing me to have to show every show you like, open your eyes. This is weird to complain about that pass interference call. I also think the Chiefs fans have a little part in this. They have to do their part where they have to, to kind of morph into Patriots fans and just Circle the wagons. Well, No, no, no. Just admit like you're, you're better than everyone and you're not gonna bother with with the peons of the NFL. Yeah. Because that's the best, the the One thing that I can't stand is when chief fans are like, well we had so many bad quarterbacks for yet. No shit.


Everyone has had bad quarterbacks. You have the best quarterback. Just, just tell everyone that you're better than them. Yeah. That's it. I would respect that more. Yeah. Don't get in arguments. Don't say, oh, oh well you know, what about this call and this call that went against us? No, no. Just say we're better than you. Yeah. That's what you need to do. 'cause you're gonna be the villain no matter what. You win enough that you have become the villains. Embrace the villain role and just be the villains of the NFL. Yeah. It's crazy. 'cause there's, there are thousands of unique photoshops of refs wearing what appear to be Kansas City Chief skier. Usually it's like one or two. Yeah. There's like with the ref doing the Lambo Leap. Yeah, there's that one. But with the Chiefs it's seriously I've seen thousands of them Yes. That are all different.


Yes. Yes. Okay. The Cardinals Rams we can do quickly. Kyler Murray was sensational. Yeah. He was really good. Marvin Harrison Jr. Awesome. We called it on Friday. Yep. Awesome. First quarter for him is the first win over the Rams at home for the Cardinals since 2014. 10 years. That I, I seriously, I Tyler was, he played perfect football to start that game. Yeah. And he was just hit, he was making the right ru like running at the right time. Passing at the right time. Marvin Harrison, deep Balls. James Connor might be my favorite. Running back to watch just because of how he runs. It's crazy that he can run that upright and just like roll over People.


It is crazy. Yeah. It's so much fun. When he gets the ball with a head of steam and he's just standing, he looks like a different creature. Yeah. Out there. They're not used to hitting a guy that's upright Like that. Yeah. And he shouldn't be that tall. Like they, they don't make running backs like that. Yeah. It was, it was a fun game. If you're a Cardinals fan, if you're a Rams fan, You're in trouble. You're In trouble. Cooper Cup. I don't know if he's actually injured or if he like tweaks something And then Sean McPhee smartly was like, don't play for the rest of this game. Yeah. You don't have to hurt yourself anymore. We're already banged up to hell. So he didn't play in the second half. And the Rams are already crushed by injuries right now. Yes. It feels like 2022 Rams. Yeah. When they had that year where it was just everyone got hurt at the same time and they were fucked.


Yeah. Your offensive line is, is not looking great. Two receivers that are injured. I felt bad for the Rams in the second. It looked like McVeigh was just trying to get the game over. Yeah. Like let's just turn the page on this one. Yeah. 'cause the Cardinals just rolled them. And the I I've said it, but the Cardinals are my fun watch. They're Fun. They're a very fun watch. Tyler Murray when he's healthy is so much fun to watch. And that Loss at the Bills week one looks like maybe the best loss of the year so far. That was a fun watch. It was a great loss. Yeah. And. it was a fun game. And You didn't have to show Marvin Harrison. Yeah. You, you knew they were gonna get him going. Save it for week two. Yeah. And then speaking of fun watches, the opposite of that was Steelers Broncos. Yeah. This, I feel like the Steelers are like that every year. Yeah.


Not a fun watch, but they win. But then you add in Bo Nicks. Yeah. Who has struggled still time. But yeah, it was, it was, it was tough to watch. Justin Fields was good for half. Yeah. What was his first half? He, I think he had like a hundred yards in the first half and then ended with 117. Yeah. They Just ran the ball in the second half. Yeah. They didn't even really look like they wanted to score at All. Yeah. And their defense is so good. And you knew going into this game that Bo Nicks would be in trouble. Sean Peyton gets the, the double whammy of what the fuck are you doing? Where he kicked a field, a sad field goal because the Broncos have never been shut out at home. So that, that felt like he was kicking the field goal for that specific reason.


That one came, let's see it was 10 minutes left. Or sorry, it was, yeah it was 10 minutes left in the fourth quarter down 13 to nothing. They kicked a field goal. Yep. And then I guess because he kicked that first field goal, he did have to kick the second field goal and then with what, two minutes left or 1 54 left. He kicked, he kicked it deep. He did not do an onside kick. Yeah. So he only likes the surprise onside kicks. Yeah. There's somebody out there online. Jacob Sanderson wrote this up pretty good. I think he said, Sean Peyton made me suffer today. I'm gonna make you suffer with me. So this spells out pretty good. Sean Peyton had four possessions that reached or began in the fourth quarter today starting down 13 to nothing on possession one.


Peyton passed up a fourth and sixth from the 16 with 10 45 remaining in favor of field goal to make it 13 to three in exchange for giving up the ball. His team went from needing two touchdowns to needing two touchdowns. Fortunately for Peyton, he did get the ball back. But this time he chose to punt on fourth and eight from the 33 with 7 57 remaining. Yep. Locking himself into a best case scenario of getting the ball back with about five and a half minutes remaining down to possessions again. He needed his defense to either stop, punting, stop either punting or missing on fourth down. So Peyton decided on the second straight possession that being down 10 instead of 13 was worth not having the ball and losing two plus minutes of the game on possession. Three Peyton faced a fourth and five at the 11 with 1 55 remaining.


Once again, he chose the path of the foot making it 13 to six and forgoing a chance to play, to win regulation and to need only a field goal on his potential next drive. So Sean Payton was playing extend the game until the game ended. It's crazy. So extend the game works if, if you end up extending the game enough to win the game. Yeah. But if you lose all that time by trying to extend the game, you're actually shortening the game. It felt like Sean Payton has a secret clause in his contract. That Who? Who's Walmart Fa, the Waltons. The Walton family. Yeah. The Waltons gave him a special clause in his contract being like it doesn't matter wins and losses, we just need to have the ball with a chance to tie. Yeah. And that's how he played the game. 'cause they did actually get the ball back with nine seconds left.


People watch the game game and a chance to tie, You know what if people are watching on TV all the way through the fourth quarter, that's good for business. Yeah, that's good Ratings. So some Jerry Reinsdorf shit You can sell advertising in the fourth quarter for way more than you sell it for in the first quarter. First quarter then. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I guess it's smart. They also did a terrible towel knockoff giveaway at the game today. Which I feel like teams are owe for Lifetime when they play the Steelers and they try to do their own terrible towel giveaway. Yeah. Because what they try to do is they try to drown out the towels in the stadium with their own home team towels. And you don't piss off the terrible towels. No. You just don't do that. No, it Was bad. Steelers are well ahead of schedule for their eight and nine or nine and eight Feels like I don't, so Russy is still out.


He was inactive. But also the emergency quarterback again, again today. Jesse's two and Oh Jesse's two and Oh Do you stick with Juy? I I think you gotta go Ruy. You think you go Ruy. I think you gotta go Russy at this point. 'cause if you go, if you go Juy again, you're essentially playing a game of Russian. Just Justin roulette I guess with him because if you put Justin back in, eventually he will have a good game that they win because of him. And if that happens before he has his bad game, then you gotta keep going with Justin. Yeah. At that point you can't switch to Russy. Right now Justin has played poorly enough where you can make that switch right now. Yeah. And then maybe if Russell Wilson struggles, then you put Justin in.


Yeah. So I think you gotta go back and then maybe you go back again. Yeah. Switch back and forth. Yeah. And there's also, there's always one play in every Steeler's game. It happens every week where they run like an outside stretch play against the Steelers defense and they don't block TJ Watt. Yeah. And. It's, It's always a four yard Loss and every week TJ Watt makes a tackle easily in the backfield on the running back. Yeah. And. it almost gives him like a freebie that just gets him even more juiced up. But why does every single team run that play? I don't know. He's such a monster. He is a monster. He's He's an absolute monster. Yeah. Their defense looks awesome. I have a bow Nick stat for you. Oh no bow. Nicks is 11 of 36 for 212 yards and four picks on passes that are more than five yards downfield.


Mm. So more than five yards Downfield. 11 for 36, 4 interceptions on those. Not very good. And he is like, he's treated like he coach his son. Yeah. Sean Peyton looks at him like he's his son. Yeah. And we never Whatever was in that backpack. We gotta know. Yeah. Famous backpack. Alright, last game before we do. Whose back week? We'll talk a little Monday Night football as well. The Texans 19. The Bears 13. What would you Hank, I'll let you decide. What would you like me to do first? You want me to get as negative as I've been getting in the last, I don't know, 45 minutes that we've been taping and talking about other games? Or you want me to do what is trying to be a reasonable stop Laughing.


Memes. Memes. You deleted everything on your phone. I haven't done that. Listen, we all deal with losses poorly here. I think that's, I think that we've learned if, if we learned anything from, from this podcast, we all are not great when our team's loose. Would you like me to get really, really dark? Really, really negative? Or the calm easy like it's gonna be Okay, Let's get dark first and then do the calm at the end and then move on. Okay. So the dark is Kale Williams is gonna get murdered. He's gonna get killed behind this offensive line. And I don't know how this offensive line is so, so bad. And, we just completely ignored it. It's the old meme, you know, pan blocking, throw it to literally anyone Jamar chase and in completion he is going to get killed.


He got, I think there was, what was the stat? He got pressured and he did not play well. I want that on the record, he did not play well. He played well for a half. I thought his first half was very good. It was better What do you do in that face? What was that face? Well, He played okay. I thought his first, I thought he played very well in the first Sunday night football. First, first start on the road in the NFL. He played well in the first half. He did not play well in the second half. Still doesn't have a touchdown. Yeah, that's fine. Things. Those things kind of take some time. Okay. Max, what was the stat? I'm gonna find it. 36 pressures on 42 pass attempts for Kle Williams tonight.


And he was getting hit on every single one of 'em. He was getting just driven into the, he took some big shots tonight. Six, Six times. He had a a, some semi clean pocket. He was not, he did not play well in the second half. I do think he looked better in the first half than he did against the Titans. Calmer hitting some guys. He missed a lot of guys down field. I you could say that's pressure. You could also say that that's just what it is. I don't know. I, I just don't fucking know. Okay. I don't know. Can I tell You something? It's all fucked up. It's all fucked up right now. Can I tell you something? What? Watching the game, I, I thought that Caleb Williams was like probably the sixth or seventh biggest concern.


Yeah, I appreciate that. So I appreciate that. I appreciate That being honest. Name a couple. Okay, well I, a couple I wish I wish we had done. I wish, so we taped the first 10 games, the recap of the first 10 games before Sunday night football. If you're, you've probably already tweeted this at me, but everything we said about Brian Abel and his challenges Matt Abra flu is a hundred million times worse. Those were two of the dumbest challenges I've ever seen. I don't know. One was what the fuck he was doing. One Was right in front of him, right In front of him. You could see him on the sideline, watch the play clearly two feet down and then he challenged it because he didn't like it.


And then later on challenging what the interception. Yeah. Yeah. This, there were no cha there was zero chance. Take the flag away from him. Yeah. He shouldn't have access to that. He's lost flag privileges. He Has. His brain for those two challenges was no different than like my five-year-old's brain when I watch him do something bad. And then I'm like, why'd you do that? And he is like, I didn't do that. Like you're, it was a five-year-old brain to try to convince someone that what you, what just happened did not happen. We all saw it, it, we all watched it happen in Slowmo and then you're like, nah, fuck it. Maybe they'll just look at it and be like, no, it's totally different. So I listen. Every coach kind of has that little bit of, I guess, delusion in 'em where they want bad things to not be true.


I think a lot of people have that. Yeah. It's a natural thing. What separates good coaches from bad coaches is having some sort of system that accounts for that where you have somebody that's not as emotionally attached to what just happened. Yeah. Tell you, Hey Matt, that's a bad idea to challenge it. You're gonna lose a challenge. Yeah. Hey Matt, don't do that. We're gonna lose the time out. They don't have that in place. Yeah, that's, that's the concerning part to me. So yeah, I I I'm, I'm borderline thinking like everything's fucked and everything's fucked. Do you want me to do the positive? Yeah. Okay. So boys, it's the second start. The offensive line is historically bad.


People aren't talking about the fact that those two interceptions, he actually made incredible plays to extend the play and then had to throw 'em up hoping something worked. And the Bears defense is elite. The Bears defense showed up tonight where they time and time again were put in very bad spots and they kept on answering the bell and kept on making big plays after big plays. And the Texans are a Super Bowl contending team that they went in there and they held them to, I think they had one offensive touchdown. Right. Let's see. Nico Collins Scored Nico Collins scored, I think everything else was field Goals. Mixon did not score. Yeah. I think it was all field goals and They're all long field goals. Too Long ass.


We kept them to long Ass field, long field goals. You held 'em to extremely long distance field goals also. You guys have a good kicker. Oh yeah. Kairo Santos, I trust a hundred percent. Yeah. Kicking has gotten easy for everyone, but yeah, I'm, I'm in a bad spot right now. I know that this is exactly what people wanted to hear. Guess what? You got your wish. I'm in a bad spot. I'm in a bad spot because I think it was, I'm actually like worried that even if Caleb Williams, I still believe in Caleb Williams. I don't know if Caleb Williams will survive. Yeah. The, Because the offensive line is that bad? Yeah. The offensive line was bad on, was it the second to last play that sack that he took? Yeah. Where Danielle Hunter just landed on him, just jumped on him like a spider monkey. He got Crushed time and time again.


It Was all night. He was getting killed and so he is gonna be very, very sore. But, And and also the worst, You can run the ball next week. Yeah. Probably. Maybe. Hopefully the worst part is that I, I think that Hank is going to be proven exactly correct. That like, this was a huge mistake having Ebra flus come back. So Hank drafted him though, And Shane Waldron, like, I don't know what the fuck's going on with the calls on the, like, it felt like every single time it was either a false start or the call came in late or Caleb didn't get it or everyone was running around and I, I don't know if DJ Moore doesn't like Caleb anymore. I'm, I'm, everything's bad. Okay. Everything's bad. Yeah. What's up with him? Like not running? Hey, I don't know.


He was tired. Okay. Everyone gets tired on Sunday nights. You're Tired right now. You're b you're half asleep. Not as bad as last week. There has been like, I think a 75% increase in false starts in illegal formations. Yeah. Across the league the year. Yeah. Poor that unbearable to watch. Yeah. Yeah. The, the play calls were getting in late. It seemed like they were up at the line of scrimmage. People were confused. Caleb like knew what was supposed to happen, but he could only like point and grab people so much until the clock was expiring. It looked a little bit outta sorts. But the good news is this is the Texans. The Texans are very good and it's not as bad as some of the Bears Prime time games have been in recent history.


It Was pretty bad. That second half was really tough to watch. I kind of understand why memes cried. I'm gonna cry. Can you guys just make me a promise to just don't call him a bust until I say he's a bust. I don't think he's a bust. I don't think he's a bust. It's only, it's only week two. It's only week two. That's the only thing you have to say. One. Thank you. It's week two. That's only thing that Have to say we're one in one. Yeah, I think, I think you're like, he, he, he's, look, he looked bad, but like it's only week two and he is a rookie quarterback for half going Against Stop smiling Hank He's doing this work. True. Like pe like people are listening and they just watch that game. Like Kle Williams did not look good, but it's week two career in the second half, a Long career in the second half. But like, he didn't look like a fucking superstar.


He's averaging a half of a touchdown. The offense is averaging a half of a touchdown per game right now. That's not, that's not good. But it's only week two. That's the only thing that you gotta say. It's only week two. It's only week two. You can't judge, you can't judge an entire guy by two weeks. Can't judge Him. Let's not, he's looked bad For the second half and the whole first Game. No, no fat, bad. He's looked bad. Max. He was good in the first half. What, what, what defines good? Like they scored One to, compared to the Titans game. Yeah. They scored one touchdown in the first half. Wait, but he looked good in the first half. But like you see, you guys, you guys have a wrong definition of good right now, But it was compared to last week.


But like that, how Is his handoffs? Max? Yeah. Yeah. See Fuck Off. Yeah. This is Like, I don't care about his handoffs. I want him to throw the ball. Yes. I also want him to have time to throw the ball. Correct. And, and that is an issue for sure. But like, let's not, let's just not sugarcoat it. That's why I don't care if Drake, he looked bad in the second half. No, No. Line Thing. He looked very bad in the second half. He looked fine in the fir like he didn't look good in the first half. That's why I was making that. He didn't have a touchdown. You can't say that A guy, you Let it red drive One in in a whole half of football. That's not like a good half of offensive footballs. That's pretty good. See what, so we're at, we're looking to have 14 points as, as an offense.


Max is, max Is very upset because we hold Jalen Hertz to quite a different standard On the show than anything else. No. It's just that you, we hold all quarterbacks to a different standard. But it, it's a, I understand it's a rookie, but like didn't look good. Let's call spade a spade. I agree. I was judging his first half based on the Titan game. But like, that's not what you want to do. I understand. It's just whether I baby steps. Yeah. So I was basically saying compared to the Titans game, he looks like the greatest quarterback ever. Then in the second half he looked almost worse than the Titans game. So we've gone backwards. I admit it's Week two, two weeks. That's all. I'm not Gonna sugarcoat it. And The Colts defense stinks. I Am not sugarcoated at all. Being like killed looks awesome. Yeah. I just thought the first half he looked.


Well, PFT tried to say that. The sixth, the most concerning thing. Yeah. It's the first. No, like the Bears Always will be no Max. Okay. Okay. Here Max. I'll give you my, I'll give you my top. What Are you most scared about? I'll Give you my top offensive line right now. My top six Future of the Bears. What Are you scared about? Offensive of line. You can, You can fix offensive line very quickly. That's six max. You fixing a quarterback? Not easy. Well hold on. Coaching, on hold on Coaching. Yes. He all talk at the same time. Means his brain is going crazy. Offensive line is my first concern right now because it directly impacts Kale Williams' growth and health fair. That's why. Fair. Fair.


But that's why that the quarterback is the most important thing always. I just don't know who would've played well behind that line tonight. That that's fair. I don't, and I'm not saying that he's, he's not good 'cause he's not in week one. I didn't think that the offensive the offensive line looked bad, but it didn't look as bad as it did tonight. And I said, kale played really bad tonight. He, there were times where I was like, this looks a little bit more comfortable. And then it just all went to shit. So yeah, I'm, I'm in a fucking world of hurt. I've I all my worst fears, it's all happened faster than I ever expected and it just sucks. Everyone's just, I I think I tweeted this fucking sucks and maybe three minutes later I had 550 replies and they were all nasty.


Very nasty. Nasty stuff. Nasty. Very nasty. It's, it is funny because it's like the bus meme where big cat's one on one. He's on the sad side of the bus. I'm one on one. I'm on the happy side of the bus. Yeah. It's just about, it's about the fact that it was a Prime time game. It was about, I hate Prime Time game. Yeah. Prime time games are mean. They're very mean to do, to especially a rookie quarterback, especially a team that has lost a lot of Sunday night football games. It's mean eight in a row. It's very mean. And I didn't like the Bears uniforms. I Hate the fucking orange Uniforms. I didn't like, I like the traffic cone helmets. The best way I could describe the Bears orange uniforms when they wear 'em is like, it looks like a seven year old's playing Madden and they're like, let me just do this combo of cool uniforms. It's bright. I like bright colors.


They're just, the Bears have a great uniform. Why? Why? Fuck with it. But yeah, everything's bad. Everything sucks. KB does not look good pretty much at all. Offensive line is terrible. Defense is great. So it's Bears football. We're back in the same spot. First s was okay. We really needed that. We really needed that punt block. Needed a punt block. Need Devon Hessler to come outta retirement. And then we might be cooking. Maybe Keenan Allen plays next, next week. Keenan Allen would be nice. Did you See how many ch he had? Like A Lot of chains. People were saying that Keenan Island is overweight. I think he just might weigh in wearing all of his jewelry. Yeah, I think that adds like 15 pounds. Fuck man, this fucking sucks.


It happened so fast. It'll Be okay. It's two weeks in the season. I told you this weekend was gonna be shitty bookends. I had bookends of shit. This is a dumb sport to even be a fan of. I just want to talk about football and hang out with Jim Harbaugh. Yeah, I don't wanna root for anything now. I, Man, I like to, when memes, I should do the memes thing and just delete everything. That was sounds better. And I, I also don't like when Max is like sitting in it, like he's kind of talking down to us a little bit, which he has every right to do very much talk. Hank always talks down to us, but we expect it. Max is, max is like trying to snap us into reality. Yeah. And, it hurts.


You guys are trying To get to a winning place. You're sounding like losers. This is the hard part. PFT where they can just do this to us. Yeah. Where you know, for a while, And I know you're feeling a lot better, which I understand Jayden Daniel had those handoff. Yeah. No, he's looked better. Don't looked better. Don't patronize me. Jay Daniels has looked better. You patronized Him. No, Hank It was one handoff. It wasn't all his handoffs and you haven't even seen it. So you're talking outta your ass. Has we It's Possible to find, have literally impossible to find. Has there? It's so good. Have any of the quarter first round quarterbacks thrown a touchdown pass? I think Bo Nicks may have thrown one last week. Did he? Did he? I think he threw, I think he threw one late.


Yeah, Because this would make me feel a little bit better where it's like, dude, it, maybe it's just really hard right now for rookies to come into the NFL. No, he did not throw a Touchdown. Alright, So no, no. Rookie quarterback has thrown a touchdown yet. Wow. Well that's good. I think. No, that's, I think that's good. We should see if they do. What? What are you shaking your head about? Max? No. Yeah, I, I was, I thought that he did, but I was shaking my head. I wonder. Oh, he ran one. That's what I'm thinking of. Oh yeah, he ran one. I wonder if DraftKings can do a bet next week? 'cause Oh no, you play it Monday night. Monday Night. Yeah. Shit. I was gonna say, it would've been great if we did a race the first touchdown. Yeah. I feel like, but you get juicy odds on Jayden.


I don't know. Caleb might never throw a touchdown. I I honestly think that at this point it feels like there's a force field and we're never gonna get there. No. Chris Collinsworth even said it where he is, like, they haven't really run any plays in the red zone, so they don't know what to do. I think, I think it'll happen. It's hard not to overreact to it because he did get his ass kicked tonight. He got his ass Kicked. You, you got some good defense, like some exploitable defenses coming up. Yeah. And also our, the Bears defense is very good. It's going to keep, I mean, the Bears got the ball back with a chance to win the game with a minute and a half left. Yeah. Their defense is awesome. What, what are you laughing about? Memes? You're fine. I'm looking at the schedule. You got a couple uhs. Colts, Rams Panthers, Jaguars. You're gonna, he's he'll be fine.


He just gotta find it. Cardinals. Yeah, the Texans are good. They're probably gonna win the Super Bowl. Alright, max, let's talk Monday night. How are you feeling? Would be a shame if you guys lost after you've been belittling us. I was. I wasn't belittling. I just wanted to have an honest conversation and I think it was good. I think it was constructive. Did we not have an honest conversation And? we did. I said that he was Bad. I know. No, we did. I think we had a good conversation. That's all I wanted to do. And in relation to last week, there were moments where he looked good because he was so bad. Yeah. You, you, you just gotta like, hang on to those, like those plays that were like, oh, that's a good play. That's a good throw. Yeah, that's a good, you'll go back and watch the highlights and you'll just like, look at those plays where it's like, this is a really good throw.


Someone will make like a, an like a all 22 breakdown of the good plays that Caleb Williams did. And then that's the bad ones. That's what you will think of going. No, no, no. The they'll they'll be a Bears guy who like goes and I mean someone make did That For me please. Someone did that for Jalen Hertz last week. Okay. So that's why I was like, Someone please make that for me. Oh yeah. The, the picks weren't his fault Deal. All good ones. Please make that for me. Alright.


So Max real quick. DraftKings, they're dishing out an NFL no sweat touchdown bet for all customers. Opt in. Get your no sweat token and place an NFL touchdown bet. If your touchdown bet doesn't hit, you'll get it back as a bonus bet. Download the DraftKings Sportswear app use code take. That's code take to get your no sweat token tonight. Max, how are you feeling about this game? And also give us a touchdown bet. I like Johan Dotson. AJ Brown out. Johan Dotson is probably gonna have to fill in that role of like the, like big receiver in the end zone or that like an end zone guy that you need to go to to go catch a ball. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Opt in each week to get one. No sweat for each game day, no sweat. Bonus bet issued based on amounts of losing qualifying bet max Reward varies. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance for additional terms or responsible gaming resources. C dk nng.co/ft. Ball.


Are you nervous about this game? I'm nervous about every game. Are you going to the Game? I am going to the, hopefully I'm going to the game. But are you nervous or, or like I said scared. You asked me before the Sunday night football. Definitely Not scared. I was nervous. I said scared. I think we're six point favorites right now. Yeah. Okay. So definitely not scared we should win the game, but we look sloppy on we, we won week one against the Packers, but it was a weird game. The field was shit And. it was sloppy win. I would love if we finish tomorrow winning by like 20 points. That would be great. I I have a prediction. I think, I think defense is going to eat. Oh, I think you guys are gonna get after Kirk.


Kirk Cousins. Yeah, That'd be great. I would love that. Yeah. He didn't look like he could really move around. I got deep into some Falcon's film breakdown Twitter last week. Apparently they're having Kirk Cousins stand with his right foot back. Ooh. When he gets snaps and the entire rest of his career, he's going left foot back. Ooh. So he might be uncomfortable. Might not be fully healed. I feel like your defensive, your defensive line gonna tee off on him. I would love that. I would love that. I think you guys are gonna win. I think guys gonna win by easily a d What. do you know what jerseys you're wearing? I do not. That's kind of significant. That would be important because if you're wearing, you're not wearing Kelly Green, right?


No, that would be everywhere. That would be Hopefully we're wearing black. I would like black. Okay. So yeah. Good luck. You're going to the game. Are you tailgating? Kind of. Yeah. Kind of. Yes. Are people going to be, I mean, you're, you're the king of Philly. You're gonna get, people are gonna be like, max, max, max. I can't find my flight info right now. That's kind of, That's kind of stressing. Is that why he said you might be going? Yeah. No What. do you mean you're you can't find your flight info. It's, it was like booked for me and there's no like confirmation. I'm, it'll be fine. It'll be fine. Okay. Find your flight and then you're going the game. Yeah, yeah. No, I gotta figure that out.


Be real shame. Also an early fight. Hank Hank is such a Fucking, he's, this is, this is the bullshit about Hank though is that he, he's so removed where it's like, I, I lose a game. Memes loses a game. Max. If you lose Monday night, it's like ruins your week. Oh, That would be, yeah. Hank, It doesn't matter to him. That'll be a sad fight. He's great. He can just fucking just sit up in his tower and just count The banners. Oh, Dylan Rail is cool. And count the banners and just fucking chirp at us. Because Hank has the reassurance of the universe that eventually things will swing back in his favor. We don't have that same luxury. No. We have to trick ourselves into thinking that it's happening right now for us all The time.


And he just won an NBA finals. Right? We Have the reverse. That's the worst part is that he just, that he just won his number one championship. Yeah. You know what I And We're gonna, here's here's the, here's the harsh reality that me and Big Cat have to live with. Okay. When you have a quarterback, when he releases a pass, we feel an impending sense of doom. Every single time I look, I, I yearn to have a quarterback that when the ball comes off their hands, I get excited and I'm like, something good is gonna happen to me. But until I get enough of that positive reinforcement for the rest of my life, I will just be thinking something bad is about to happen. Every time we attempt to pass. I don't wanna prove it otherwise. I don't remember the last time I watched a quarterback for one of my teams drop back in a clean pocket.


Like perfect five step drop, step up, like 30 yard dime down the middle of the field. The guy's wide open. Yeah. I don't even know what that looks like. And I do mean earnestly like I want for you guys what I've been able to experience. But we are the reverse where, and I Can't sit here as you guys try and justify these terrible games and be like, oh, everything's great. Like, you also have to Be, I never said everything's great. Realistic. I never said everything. Show me where I said everything's great. Never said everything's great. I'll take nine Super Bowls. You take three. Well that was most exciting. We have the exact reverse where he knows that everything will work out for him. We know no matter what happens, we'll just end up back in square one.


Yeah. I'm literally at square one where the, the Bears defense is elite and everything else sucks. Square one. It's just nice to be able to, to not really Care. I was saying this earlier. Right now it's, it's gross. But like things are turning out like very similar. Everything Like the Patriots look kind of good. The Bears and Commanders both look pretty bad. The Eagles who won look good but like not good at the same time. Jet the Jets are the Jets. Jets. The Jets are the Jets. The Jets pretty hard. What The Fuck? Well, I mean that is the truth. Memes the Jets are the Jets. We're The best. The only big winner is is Shane. Yeah. Shane. Shane owns the podcast.


Shane's a Chargers fan. He owns a podcast and it's because he's got Harbaugh. Yeah. Alright, let's finish up the show. We got who's back of the week? PFT. You're gonna do a quick ad before we go to who's back of the week


Before we get to who's back of the week. It's brought to you by Coors Light College football is never short on intrigue, especially when they're iconic rivals. But you can add to the excitement. On Saturdays, Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for the free to play college football. Pick em pools where you pick winners for a chance to win big. When the rivalries heat up, it's time to choose chill and then reach for an ice cold. Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill, there's only one beer to choose. That's Coors. Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue. When your beer is cold, Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Coors Light is cold Lager cold filtered. Cold packaged. I drank a Coors Light yesterday. I was watching some football outdoors and I was watching TV and drinking an ice cold. Coors Light. The mountain was so blue. It may have been the Bluest Mountain. I've seen when the college football rivalries that you're watching Heat Up. For example, like the Apple Cup. Hank was locked in and joined a Coors Light during the Apple Cup. Choose chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 and over eligibility restrictions Apply void. Where? Prohibited. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors Light. Pick em. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Okay. Hank, who's back of the week, lay it on us. Who's back of the week is the sphere. Yes. Yeah. U Ffc at the U. Whoa. Hey now UFC at the sphere. I feel like that's gonna be the future of U ffc. It was. I think it should be the future of all sports. Yeah. Basketball game at the sphere. That's where the, the NBA cup, the finals should be held in the sphere. Yep. It looks so sick. Every time I see the sphere, I'm like, why do I not just live there? Why don't I just figure out a way to get a job at the sphere? I don't think you could do basketball, but that would be insane. Why not, Yeah, Why not. It's definitely big Enough when it distract the players. But I guess maybe not. I don't know Honestly.


Who cares? No, you could probably black out the, It's like the one-on-One aspect of fighting. It's like yeah, you're like, you have to focus on the guy in front of you 'cause he's literally trying to choke you out. Basketball. You're moving, you're looking around. There's like a little more moving pieces. But it would be unbelievable. Yeah, it'd be great. You could do the first half and have the the sphere light up like it was one team's home arena and then second half have it be the other teams. I'll watch any event that they have there. Yeah. Yeah. How big is it? Could they do a football game in there? You've been I haven't. No. No football in, in the sphere. Probably not. We gotta build a bigger sphere. Yeah, we do need a bigger sphere. It looked awesome.


Were the fights good? I Missed it. Sugar Sean lost. Oh, There was maybe one of the gnarliest cuts I've ever seen. You see the Fighter? Oh I saw that. Yes. That fighter. Yes. Forehead was split open. I saw that. Also shout out to our guy Robbie Fox. Yeah. Broke news on Friday night. Did you see that Hank? I did. Okay. He broke news that Michael Chandler's gonna fight in a fight before he potentially fights Conor McGregor. So it was gonna be Michael Chandler, Conor McGregor. Michael Chandler's, sick of waiting for Conor McGregor. Well I think they're UFC fucking Michael Chandler are a good friend. McGregor What? They're like holding him. Holding him out. Why? Because he has two fights left on his deal.


And then once his deal's done, then he can obviously make another deal. So UFC is delaying him. So he can't do that. Do you think it might also be that Conor McGregor really likes to party? Yes. 'cause Probably some, somewhere, somewhere in the middle. Some don't know how that guy keeps going on camera. Suited out of his mind. Yeah. Allegedly. Plus Just stop going. Just Stop going live. Connor Be so paranoid to just be on, he's just on TV on the moon. You know it's great breaking news by Robbie. He also got, Dana gave him a 20 grand for his wedding. Yeah. Well, well Robbie won it. Tunnel Chaos. Yeah. Tunnel of chaos. Tunnel chaos happens.


Yeah. Tunnel of chaos. I wanna go back to the tunnel of chaos. Yeah, me too. The Bears. The Bears don't lose in the tunnel of chaos. They, At the sphere, they could definitely set up like 10 TVs. Right. You could watch 10 NFL football games at the same time and the sphere on a Sunday. Yeah. Yeah. They should do that. They should do that. That'd be sick. Alright. PFT your who's Back? My who's back of the week is bands getting into fights on stage. Yeah. Jane's Addiction got into a little, a little fraus. I think that was Friday night. Yep. Perry Ferrell went after Dave Navarro as the song ended threw maybe the wimpiest least intimidating punch of all time when he punched him off. I guess they've kind of been like biting at each other's heels for a while.


Perry Ferrell's been a dick on stage a few times. I didn't actually know that James' Addiction was still a band. Yeah. I didn't even, I just thought that Dave Navarro his full-time job, which is being cool with tattoos on tv. Yeah. I thought that's what he got paid for. But, And also being married to Carmen Lecturer, Are they still married? No. For like a year. Yeah. That was awesome. She Was, she she was one one for a little bit. Yeah. Long time. She was Great. Ah, For me. Well it was like her and her and Pam were like Sosa McGuire. So I liked Pam but yeah, both was Yeah. Both really good star Ski Hutch Elite. Yeah. Sneaky. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, they got into a fight. And. it looks like the band's breaking up now.


Damn. So maybe they took the bullet four Oasis. Maybe Oasis is gonna be okay. Just fine. Yeah. Like You and Rowan gotta do that this weekend. That's a good point. I should, I should try to fight Ronan on stage. Yeah. In Austin and go viral. Yeah, that would be awesome. We are playing in Austin on Friday night free show. West sixth Street. Hell yes. Come out. Check it out. P punk. Hell, excited to be back in Austin. I'm gonna eat so many breakfast tacos. Love that. Put it on your mount Rush for Drink a couple margaritas. Alright. My who's back? We talked about it earlier, but I gotta pick a pinky deem. So let's do it. I think right now. Yeah. Oh, they're gonna wait Till Wednesday? No, we gotta do it right now. We have O2 teams. Falcons weren't were the Falcons, could the Falcons be in there?


They could. No. Yeah. So If you're doing it right now, no. But If the Falcons lose Monday night, then the Falcons are oh two, their team's Gonna lose Monday night. Alright. So I think, don't Say that. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna, for the first time ever, I'm gonna put three teams in a hat and I'll just pick 'em out. Is that fair? Yeah. So lottery Ball. Oh, lottery ball. Okay. We do lottery ball. I'm not gonna pick the Cincinnati Bengals. I believe in Joe Burrow. That'll be disrespectful. Joe Burrow. I think the three teams are the Baltimore Ravens. Yeah. Again, by the way, I just wanted to clear, it's gonna be from the, like right here up the tip of my pinky.


So are you gonna go to the joint? No. Or where's the joint Here? No, it's gonna be like half of my nail. Got it. Yeah, But it But also the flesh. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I still don't really know. Yeah. Wherever the bone, I don't, I still don't know. You legally can do this. Are you gonna take off bone? I'm gonna not take off bone. Where's the bone start? I, I don't think that's possible. I think you would have to Take off bone. I'm gonna take off some bone Because if you take off just does that regenerate? I don't know. I don't like talking about this like, may excuse me out. I can just go a full line Full. No, Hank, I'm not going. No, don't, you can't go full line. But it's a piggy bag kind of cool Nail also fucking hurt. The nail would hurt.


Yeah. All right. Well I'll consult a doctor but it's not, I have the right to go half nail up if a, if a doctor's like, Hey man, just go to the line or just take the whole thing. I'll just do that either way. Every year I pick a pinky team. They're not gonna win the Super Bowl. This team is not gonna win the Super Bowl. I believe they're not gonna win the Super Bowl. Don't do the Ravens. Don't do the Ravens. Why the Ravens could win the Super Bowl. I don't know if they can. Their offensive line is bad. What Are the other two teams? Well I was gonna do Ravens, Falcons and Rams. What? Rams and Ravens would be scary. You think so? No, Rams is, Ravens is scary.


I mean the Rams Like the, you Just Yeah. Ass kicked today. Yeah. Do you, alright, this is, I should just pick the team that I think's not gonna win the Super Bowl. Yes. I don't know why you're like, you're Right because, well p ft got in my head. This is an Amputating Part of your body. I know the whole point of this was that it's a team I confidently think will never win the Super Bowl this year. The Reason I told, the reason I told 'em you won't when it came to the Ravens. 'cause the Ravens definitely have a chance to win the Super Bowl. Correct? Yeah. And I, and I was just trying to, I don't don't want, I like don't want this to happen. I know it's getting reversed in everyone's head where they want me to pick a team. That's Okay. Yeah. I definitely win the Super Bowl. It's like no, the whole point of it was that I, it started with the Texans that one year where I was like the Texans aren't winning the Super Bowl cut off the tip of my pinky.


If they do, then they went on this crazy run and got to the playoffs. But I still was right and I still believed in it. Okay. So I think I know Big Cat pretty well. I'm translating his brain. He does think that the Ravens could win the Super Bowl. Correct. So it would be actually be against what this pick Is. He does not think that the Rams Can win Super. I do not think the Rams can win the Super Bowl. You're very sure that the Rams, I guarantee the Falcons don't win the Super Bowl. Pick The Rams. I Rams are Falcons to be The Falcons are not two. Oh, they're not ING two yet. Yeah, they are. No they're not. Yeah, They're ING two. You guys got this Max. I hate this. Alright, final, final say. I'm gonna take the Falcons. If the Falcons somehow win this game on Monday night, I have to also have the ramps.


That's fair. So you'll have Two. I'll have two. I'll have two. That's Fair. So you're big. So you're big on the, you're Yeah. Yeah. You're an Eagles fan tomorrow. Yeah. The Falcons are not winning the Super Bowl. Yeah. Like they're not, They're the Falcons. You guys agree? Well, just because of the fact that they're the Falcons. They could have, you could switch their uniforms with the Chiefs and you'd be like, well no, they're not winning the Super Bowl. 'cause they're the Falcons. Yeah. Let me look at the Ram schedule real quick. I could never see the Falcons winning a Super Bowl. Well, you could see them winning a Super Bowl during the Super Bowl. No. Like in, in the process of winning it when you're up 28, 3 is one team winning Winning in the Super Bowl? Yeah. The Falcons.


Yeah. Oh yeah. The Falcons were, they at one point were winning the Super Bowl. This is really stupid that I do this anyway because like eventually I'm going to have to do this. Yeah. Falcons are not winning the Super Bowl. Guaranteed. Falcons are not winning the Super Bowl. That's, I I believe it end the season. But if they win on Monday night, then it's the, then I Have to take the Rams. Yep. Tip of the pinky. Anything else? Do you have a, who's back? Max. Oh, I do wanna say who's back of the week. I'm so, so, so excited for playoff baseball. Yeah. That's not back yet. Yeah, It's common. But you, I can feel your anxiety and I'm excited to, Nothing makes me more anxious than playoff Baseball.


I know nothing because it is the, it's the most, I mean, playoff hockey, yes. But playoff baseball I think is just a different piece that playoff hockey ha Things happen so fast that you can't even register it. Playoff baseball, you just sit there and you're like, well here we go. Like another pitch another, you just have so much downtime to like let it all wash over You between every pitch feels like 20 minutes. And. it Should. We all bet on the Phillies with him. I bet. On the Padres. But I can also sprinkle on the Phillies. I'm gonna bet on the Phillies with you. Why can't I? Can I do that? Sure. I mean, Dave Dave's already on the Philly so it doesn't matter at this point. Yeah. All right.


Maybe I'll just watch. I'll just bet him Game to game game. I'm On the pods as well. You are? Yeah. Let's go. So what's the number? Well, I had that, it's the first time winner from like, Oh, I forgot about that. Bet I put it in forever ago. But Remember he did that bet a team to win the World Series for the first time. Are the brewers in the playoffs? Yes. So Brewers pods Did. The Brewers just clinch. They might have, the Cubs just kept on losing games because Rocky's Mariners and Rays are not in it. Correct. So brewers are pods. Yeah. What were the odds on that one? Plus 900. Alright. Good luck. It's pretty good. That's gonna be great. That's gonna be fun. Shane. Congrats on two and oh, you're the king of the podcast.


Well also Max. Max is Twoo. Yeah, max is Twoo and I have the problems. Stop it. Alright, good. Show boys. We'll talk college football on Wednesday. Numbers 9 3 8 20. Did you not pick a number yet? Wait, what number did you pick? Big. Cat. I Haven't, oh, 3 56. I don't understand why you keep doing the number thing with me. I already, I already won. Yeah, I don't either. I don't know why I'm doing it either. I, no idea. 97. Congrats on the win Pug. There's a number, there's a ball up there. There's a ball up there.


What, what, what, what, What win? What number would that have been? It Would've been 83. What? What? Congrats on what Win for pug Eagles. Oh yeah. You guys are jerks. What? We It comes from a place of pain. Yeah. You get that right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I know. Like the, it is pain. Alright, numbers. Say it again. 3 29 56. Nine. Seven 20. Bang. Damnit. Like it does it really, at this point, this podcast is over. I don't really, you know what to do.


Love you guys because I'm just a winner. Love you guys. I'm just a winner. I'm, I'm specifically just a winner. Love you guys. Congrats Max. Yep. Congratulations Maxwell.