
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have a lot of football to get to week 13, including the Thanksgiving Day games. The Bears have finally fired a coach. We have the Bengals dead. The Eagles looking for real for real. Commander's back a lot to get to, and we're gonna start with Fastest two minutes.


It's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings DraftKings offering a warm welcome to new players with $100 instantly in casino credits with just a $10 wager. It's the most wonderful time of the year holidays on the house at DraftKings Casino. With this season's offerings, you'll unwrap everything on your list. Exclusive games, huge jackpots and exciting rewards. DraftKings offering a warm welcome new players with $100 instantly in casino credits with just a $10 wager. Plus, everyone can get in on the action with the holiday reward every week. So sign up with code take because the holiday cheer is here only on DraftKings Casino gambling Problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly 21 and over physically. President Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, only void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only opt-in required casino credits are non and expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football guy. My Welcome to part of my take. Presented by Draft Kings Casino. It's offering a warm welcome to new players with the $100 instantly in casino credits with just a $10 wager. Plus everyone can get in on the action with a holiday reward every week. So sign up with code take because the holiday cheers here only on DraftKings Casino.


Today is Monday, December 2nd, week 13. Tick some spread. Not going to get 'em. Let us be the last to wish you and your family a very merry hank giving. We start in Cincinnati where the scoring started when it's Cam Taylor, Brittany bitch ran back an interception for a touchdown starting what would be a shootout in the A FC North Russell Wilson opened up a can of whoop ass hitting Calvin Stone cold, Steve Austin for a touchdown, as well as visiting the Friar Moth ferry for another score.


As for the Bengals, a late plain white T Higginson touchdown wasn't enough. And they're singing, Hey there Lombardi, what's it like in playoffs City? A thousand miles away. But girl, you look so pretty. Yes you do. As Cincinnati's playoff, chances are officially DEAD, dead Steelers 44 Bengals 38. We go over to Atlanta where plaid McConkey ransom. Complicated but interesting winter patterns. And Kirk Cousins had some wicked interceptions that were defying gravity as he should have spent more time in his bi-week engineering scores and less time singing along to them. The Chargers defense had Jim Harbaugh saying, Tahi still rocking the khakis with a cuff in the crease.


And I'm still on the sidelines rocking cleats. It's the Charger 17, the Falcons 13 up to Minnesota. Wake up. Wake up. It's the first of the month. As Johnny was able to score a furious Vikings comeback, Jonathan Gannon Elizabeth said, Nadia, to putting the ball in the end zone. Instead choosing for five field goals from Chad. This land is your land. This land is Ryland. And the game came down to Sam Donald Palmer, who is all man by the way, finding Karen Jones for the go ahead touchdown. As Cardinals fans left with a disappointing Yelp review. Hello, 9 1 1. Yes, we lost a game that we should have won. We need a police officer here right now.


Vikings 23, Cardinals 22, And we head to Foxborough where Henry Lockwood was on the scene Down to Foxborough, where Anthony Shaka Richardson was smoking the Pats defense running the about ball down the field all day long. But we'll get to that later. Jonathan, the tool man. Taylor caught a TD to give the Colton early lead. Butra Mayfield was feeling dangerous, gunning it to Hunter Henry Biden, but couldn't get him a pardon and into the end zone. He did connect with his dog, Austin Buer. In the third quarter though, to give the pass a lead. This game came all the way down to the wire before Anthony Peyton Pritchardson at the buzzer bang punches in the two point conversion to give the Colts a 25 to 24 victory.


Thanks Hank way to work at Peyton Pritchard. There I noticed. Not even win, you'll lose, you'll win. Peyton Pritchardson. We now head to the happiest member of, Pardon My Take. Its memes in the in the swamp of the Meadowlands In New York where Gino Smith finally showed up to play the charity case. That is the New York Jets Rick Flair Cana Kwang Woo shredded like the Nature boy for 99 yards for a Jets touchdown. Jason Mike Meyers said, I'll take three, my Lord, to bring the Seahawks within two. And Leonard Williams finished old Aaron Yeller Rodgers off by shooting him in the head and sacking him dead. Seahawks.


26 Jets. 21. We go to Jacksonville where Aziz Al Shahi responsible knocked Trevor Lordes of the rings into concussion protocol, bringing on the return of the Mack. As Jones was forced into the game, the Jaguars mounted a furious comeback with Brian Thomas, the tank engine, who looked at his owner and said, I think I con, I think I con, but PJ Stroud tucked him. Good night, sleep tight. Don't let the bed Dougs bite. As Peterson is still the coach of the Jaguars, I guess. Oh, huh? Huh, huh Doug. He ain't getting, didn't get fired yet. Somehow the Texans 23, the Jags Jagging off 20 In Carolina where Bryce young, dumb, and full of CU doesn't know he is supposed to bust and is instead playing great ball.


The second year quarterback was steely Dan down the stretch as he found Adam Thilan in the years as for a late touchdown to put the Panthers ahead. But it was too much time for Undertaker Mayfield as the Bucks playoff chances popped out of the coffin and reminded everyone, you can't kill a dead man. As Chase McLaughlin's sanity struck with two field goals late for the win bucks, 26 Panthers 23. We head on now to Baltimore, where Max is back. We head over to Baltimore where Justin sucker continues to have a sucky year of sucking as he missed two field goals and an extra point.


Hey Mr. Deree, Mr. Deree, I just want you to know that I think, I think that you're the best ever for laying the boom on Derrick Henry. Christopher Nolan Smith Jr. Has gone nuclear has gone nuclear as he recorded another sack while officially becoming death. The destroyers of the destroyer of Worlds Eagles. 24 Ravens 19. Thanks Max. We finish in our nation's capital where the Hennessy Titans looked like they were a little drunk and bottled up. Brian Swiss family Robinson was very hard for the Titans D to read, but the film will be easier to understand. Meanwhile, will lettuce didn't wilt down mostly because he was kept in a lot of airtight sacks.


Jade in Manhattan, Daniels was made this a laugher for the Rom Commanders disappearing behind his linemen like skinny from the block, running up the score leading some two accused Dan Quin and Netanyahu of really overdoing it with a bunch of weapons provided to him by Washington the Commander's 42, they're Titans 19,


And that was week 13, brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore of pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of, Pardon My Take. Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans and Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us big the dig, dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west with our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week 13 in the books. What a week of football. What a week of football. It was crazy. We've had, we've had football since Thursday morning. Yeah, well including Max action too, obviously. Max action. Yeah. Yeah. It was it. Thanksgiving week goes exactly the same every year where somewhere around like Saturday afternoon my body starts to like be like, you can't just do this every single day, where all you do is eat leftovers and watch football from the moment you wake up to the moment you go to sleep. Well, what's awesome about about Saturday is you get second Saturday. Yeah, because Friday is basically Saturday on Thanksgiving week. Correct. And then you wake up and you get to redo Saturday all over again. Correct. So it feels like forever ago, but we are gonna talk about the Thanksgiving Day games.


This was actually though I was very close to texting the boys on Thanksgiving being like, should we do an emergency pod? Because Lions 23 Bears 20. What a game that was. It was everything. It was something. The What? It was literally every Bears game in one where it was a nationally televised game with the Bears looking as bad as possible in the first half, just being a joke of a team in front of the entire country. Then Caleb Williams playing phenomenal football in the second half, having them come all the way back and then losing in, they have invented new ways to lose. They have lost six in a row, I believe now the Hail Mary two games where they quit a block field goal against your rival, an overtime loss, and then the timeout game.


Yeah. It's Insane. It's, it's actually, I was thinking about this 'cause it's a sick thing that the Bears do to, I'm not talking about figuring out new ways to lose games. That's actually very mentally stimulating. It's, it's creative and I applaud them for that. But what they do is they play so shitty and get their teeth kicked in the first half of games, and then people tune out, right? And then they don't see the Bears come back and then they look up when somebody tells 'em, Hey, the Bears actually just made this a football game. You should probably watch the end of it. And then you get to see the Bears lose at the very end. So they get all the dog shit from the Bears. And a lot of people miss out on any of the good stuff that ever happens. But, But this Thanksgiving, everyone stays watching this and they watch the whole thing. And it was just an epic like failure of a, of an ending.


But God bless the broken road that led us to Matt Eber flus being fired for the first time in a hundred years with the Chicago Bears. Yes. You've had the, you've had the necklace removed from your neck. Yeah, It was, how do you feel? It was, it was obvious that it had to happen because there's never been a worse coach in close games than Matt Ebra flu like I think that statistically actually is proven true. The timeout is, so obviously Caleb deserves some blame for it, but in hearing everything, it basically, I, and I talked to some guys, like I talked to our good friend Kyle Long, and I was like, tell me straight, like what, what happens here? He is like, look, it's probably 50 50 Caleb, Matt Ebra flu. But the second there's any hesitation, it's like 80 20, Matt Ebra flu's Caleb, where it's the second, there's hesitation.


The coach, his job is to hit a time out there and be like, whoa, shit's getting outta control. We gotta hit a timeout and reset. And Matt Ebra flu's talking after the game, basically didn't take any ownership and said, well, this is how he wanted to set it up. And when in explaining how he wanted to set it up, he literally explained that if you had called a timeout with 30 seconds left, you would've set up exactly what you wanted to do, which is get another five, 10 yards clock the ball. If you don't get a first down, you can you with 30 seconds, you can rush everyone out. If you do, you clock the ball, you kick a field goal, try to go to overtime. He also acted like it would be impossible to throw the ball to somebody and then get outta bound. Yeah. He was like, well, we wanted to keep that time out because we wanted to have a time out for a field goal unit, the operation to get on the field acting like it would be impossible to get outta balance or throw an incomplete pass.


The Whole thing was just a perfect encapsulation of Matt Ebra flu's being one of the worst like crunch time coaches possible. So I knew I said it on Wednesday's show. I was like, this is, and I was actually like, I, I do my hit with Waddle and Sylvia every Wednesday. And I said to him, I was like, you know, this is the last day that we're gonna have to watch a Matt Eber flu's coach team. And they're like, no way. No way. I was like, no, I, I seriously, I didn't think it was gonna go to go down this way, but I thought he was gonna get fired on Friday morning. And then to add just the perfect cherry on top, the Bears even fucked up his firing where I know how the Bears operate. What happened is this on Wednesday or Thursday?


It's Thanksgiving. It's a holiday. The Bears have that terrible, terrible loss. You could read the tea leaves in the locker room, like Kevin Warren and Ryan Polls were sticking around in the locker room extra long, talking to players, all this stuff, Ryan polls and, and, and Kevin Warren can't make a decision without George McCaskey. George McCaskey probably was like, it's Thanksgiving, don't call me. So they weren't able to talk to George McCaskey about firing Matt Elu until Friday morning. Matt Ebra flus had his scheduled 9:00 AM press conference. They were doing the meeting talking about firing him while he was doing the press conference. He gets outta the press conference like, oh yeah, by the way, you're fired. That's just how dysfunctional this team and this organization is that they couldn't reach probably the owner on Thanksgiving to be like, Hey, just so you know, we gotta fire this guy.


He's a fucking fucking moron. And in the press conference, IBER Flus was asked I think three or four times, like, Hey, are you fired yet? Yeah. Do you think you're gonna be fired? That's all they kept asking him over and over. He's like, well, we do our normal operation. He calls everything in operation, by the way, we do everything, you know, according to the standard procedure, which is we talk right after the game and then we're gonna talk the next day. And yeah. As he's having that press conference, he's being fired. Yep. He doesn't know about it. Then he goes, he gets fired. Do you think in a weird way, that this was like a job interview, like the Bears were interviewing for Ben Johnson? Mm. During the game, during the game. It's, it's like, do do we look enticing enough for you, Ben, to want to come coach us next season? Here's the thing.


I want Ben Johnson, I also, I wanna say this because I'm, I'm I'm, I'm gonna get optimistic about whoever the Bears higher, even though they'll probably end up with like the fourth option. I want Ben Johnson or Mike Vrabel. The one thing with Ben Johnson, and I think he's a very good play caller, do you get his offensive line too? Because a lot of his play calls are good because he has an offensive line that is elite and they take a little bit longer to develop. And I think Ben Johnson would be good no matter what. But then again, the Bears Organization will probably ruin anyone because at the end of the day, it's the McCaskey and it's Virginia McCaskey, who is very, very old, but she put her dumb son in charge who says that he's not a football guy.


Who in the, I think he took over in like 2011, they have been to the playoffs twice in those, in the 14 years they've won zero playoff games. They've fired five head coaches. They fired three GMs, they fired three offensive coordinators. They have been 93 and 130. No matter what they do, George McCaskey and the McCaskey family still runs his team. And they're a joke. And they're terrible owners. And I don't know, they, he does the worst thing where he doesn't want, he says he doesn't want medal, but then he also needs to probably be consulted to fire a head coach. It's like, dude, that's meddling. And he also puts Kevin Warren, who is supposed to build a stadium in charge of now the head coach.


'cause Ryan Polls is safe. But Kevin Warren is, I don't know if you saw that Rap port was like Ryan Polls would be helping Kevin Warren in search of the new head coach. Kevin Warren hates football. Yeah. If I doofus, listen, if you're not a football guy and you're in charge of a football team, you should probably try to find a different job. I'm sure he can find a different, I'm sure that there's a number of foundations around Chicago that would like a McCaskey to be in charge of them. It's a Joke man. It's a joke. You should become a football guy once you become the head of a football Operation. You would think the b the the family business, you also the family business. Your grandfather started, basically started the NFL, the family business. And you're like, yeah, I'm actually not a big football fan. That's, well no, he does say he is a big football fan. He just says he doesn't know football.


So you should learn football though. Yes. You had a lot of time. You should learn to love football. If you're growing up and you're watching the 85 Bears, you should become obsessed with football. You would think normal children would become a they I question their parenting now. Yeah. For not getting their children and their grandchildren into football to the point where they become football guys. But he's Been, but he's been running the show for 14 years and it's been an absolute failure. And so I don't think anything is going to, I I'm gonna be, again, I will be optimistic because I'm optimistic by nature. Whenever they announced the new head coach. And I will say just 'cause I have to be fair, good job firing the head coach when it was clear he needed to be fired because you were going to like B Brisker. I don't know if you guys saw, but he hated Matt Ebra flu.


Yeah. He's just been sub-tweeting him. Caleb Williams is good. And I know that people will, there's a lot of people who box score watch or they've only seen him in primetime games. Caleb Williams is very, very good. He's on pace for 3,700 yards, 20 plus touchdowns and less than 10 interceptions. The only other rookies to do it, I would assume Jay Daniel is gonna do it. Maybe Bo Nicks. But the only other two rookies to do those numbers are Justin Herbert and CJ Straub pretty good. And he's been going in his heads. He's had, he's gonna be on his third offensive coordinator in one season and his second head coach. 'cause Thomas Brown is now interim. So I would assume he's not gonna be calling all the plays. It's insane how good K Williams has been given how bad the coaching has been and what they've done in terms of coaching to stunt his growth.


Yeah. So looking at Thomas Brown, the interim head coach, I don't know much about the guy, but just off the measure was Running back coach for the Badgers when they ran all over Wil Compton. Sorry, Wil Comp. Right. So, so here's what I like about his measureables. He is five eight and 203 pounds Stout Stout, man. He was at one point the strength and conditioning coach for the University of Georgia. I like these credentials as an interim head coach. McVay Tree. McVay tree. And by the way, I, I wanna stick up for you real quick. Big Cat. A lot of people out there, 'cause I get tagged in, a lot of them are doing some very mean Photoshops. And I would like to put a list of names on a Please do not Photoshop this coach as Head coach of the Bears List. Okay.


Ryan Day. Yeah. Please stop with Ryan Day Photoshops. Cliff Kingsbury. Cliff Kingsbury. Good offensive coordinator. Please Do not put him on Photoshops. Good offensive coordinator. Ron Rivera. Please do not put him like him. Nice guy. Don't put him on Mike McCarthy. Don't Put him on. Mike. Mike McCarthy saved His job. Mike Malarkey. He's already been offered the job. Mike Malarkey. He's been offered the job according to Ian Rappaport. Yeah, That's true. Hugh Jackson, Do not put, please stop with that. Do not, do not Photoshop these, How do we feel about Rex Ryan? Do not Photoshop Those. That's on the Do not Photoshop list. Okay. That's all I had on my list. But it's most importantly No Ryan Day. Yeah. Stop doing that. I mean all in all it was just a chaotic 24 hours on Thanksgiving.


It was, it it, it put me in a tailspin for the second half of Thanksgiving Day. Yeah. What was, what were, where were you watching and how Did that affect At my house, I was the Rest of, of Thanksgiving dinner. And, and the kids, The kids were kind of all over me during the game. So I had to remove myself and watching my bedroom and then scream at the tv. And then, yeah, I was, I was not, I wasn't a joy to be around. I would say I wasn't a joy to be around. But in a way it's like, this is so bad that they have to do something. Yeah, No, I was a joy to be around on Friday. Friday I was, until the Badgers lost, by the way. Fun fact. People are like, Hey, you're so negative. Hey, why are you in such a bad mood now that the month of November is gone?


I did not win a football game in the month of November between the Wisconsin Badgers and the Chicago Bears. I think I went oh and nine. That's really hard to do. It's a bad month. That's really, really hard to do. And I lost in really bad ways. Like left and right. Everything, everything, every way I lost, I basically picked, if you had to write, how can you lose a game? I checked every single box. Yeah, it's a pretty incredible run. You went up. It's Generational. It's, it's really, really bad. So yeah, it was, it was a tough, it was tough Hank thankfully I had the Cowboys so that, that, that bounced me back a little. But yeah, Thanksgiving, listen, Thanksgiving people be like, oh, it's so, it's fun. It's about family. It's, no, it's about trying to win bets and not have your team lose. And I just wish we wouldn't play on Thanksgiving. 'cause I knew, I knew it was gonna be bad.


I didn't think it was gonna be that bad. I mean, you guys, you guys were watching, It's a bad game When, when the timeout happened where you just, I was just sitting there like, how is this happening? Yeah, it was just watching, it was watching a car crash. But it wasn't even watching a car crash. 'cause he was watching a car crash. But you could like stop time and be like, Hey dude, don't crash that car. Like you have a timeout. Surely they're Not gonna throw. But then, but then after not calling the timeout, I was yelling at the TV being like, what are they doing? What are they doing? And then it was like, surely they're not gonna drop back and throw a deep Pass. Well then, yeah, then Caleb had to panic and like it was guys were coming back slow then Caleb screwed up. Then Maddi again. Matt Iber flu. I, I do think Caleb fucked up. And that's a learning experience. He's a rookie.


The the head coach's job is to call a timeout and be like, Hey guys, let's stop. Let's fucking figure this out. The Look on Matt Face, that's literally his job Face too. Like right after that play was over and he knew that he fucked up and he just did No, no muscle on his face moved. He just stared off into the distance. Like, well that's probably it for me. Yeah. He might as well have a blindfold on cigarette in his mouth on that one. Yeah, it was, yeah. I think everybody, including Lions fans, were probably yelling at the tv. What are you doing, Matt? Debra Fleece. Yeah. It was crazy. It was nuts. What, what Max, were you gonna say something? I Just laughed. Yeah, I mean, it was funny for everyone else. Classic of a classic Bears move in the history of the Bears. They've, they've found every single way. They found every single Way. And they cut ever flu's dumb face on the sideline as, and it was The dumbest face.


That was, That was the dumbest coach face that I've ever seen. That's where, That's where I was in my bedroom screaming at the tv. I made a video just screaming at him. Look at this fucking face, this fucking Idiot who was there. Some coaches though that have like very satisfying dumb coach faces when they absolutely fucked things up. But I think that Matt Ebra flu, that what we saw on Thanksgiving, so stupid. That was the stupidest face he's ever made. And Caleb played well again, in the second half. Like he brought that, he looked really bad in the first half. The offense looked completely like lifeless. And then again, he drives them. I know there's, there's plays he admit like the DJ Moore, if he hits DJ Moore coming across with like, I dunno, 45 seconds left.


He probably runs in for a touchdown. But again, I, I think Kale Williams, given what he, he has been stacked against in terms of the coaching has been great, especially the last few games. So I'm very bullish about that. And he had to get rid of Matt Iber flues. 'cause you had to, you should be like, we can't keep doing this. Are are you? So you do want Ben Johnson now that you have your concerns about the offensive line, Ben Johnson or Mike Vrabel would be my one, one A, one B, the ba basically both one A, either one. I'd be very happy. I feel like Mike Vrabel is the direction you guys are gonna go. I he not gonna go to OSU. No. Remember he, he doesn't want to Well, you don't listen to the show. Yeah, he said that to us. He did, he did say That to us.


Now that was, we were on a golf trip, Kind of me memes. Good job by memes. He put out the clip right away on Saturday. We were on a golf trip. No, he doesn't wanna recruit the Bears, Which makes sense. The Bears want, they've been like openly sank. We want a leader of men, which tells me that they're looking at like a Mike Vrabel, Mike Vrabel and less inclined for Ben Johnson. And then Ben Johnson linked to, he linked to Shef de over the weekend that he would be interested in the Bears. Yeah. If they come correct the Money. Well, I think, I think we've weirdly become as bad as the organization is and the, and the owners are Caleb definitely makes it enticing because that's what any, any, any prospective coach says. Is there a quarterback there? Yeah. And he's a court. He's a, he's a good quarterback who looks promising and looks like he could be a real guy.


So you would want like, I think we are weirdly appealing, which as long as they don't figure out, like as long as they don't meet George McCaskey, I think it's an appealing job. And Mike Vrabel, I, I haven't decided if I'm gonna do this yet, but if he took the Bears head coaching job, I think I would, I've only done this for one other person. I think it was Jim Harbaugh when I was trying to get him to be the Bears head coach last year. I think I would make a, I will never criticize Mike Vrabel pact. Yeah. I will never say a bad thing about Mike VR Vrabel if he takes the job. What about, what about, I haven't decided yet. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I might actually try to sell that to him. You know, it'll be the big time Bears move. If they went out, they got Pat Fitzgerald.


No, That'd be a big time. No. You know who's, who's getting leaked is Marcus Freeman. Oh Yeah, yeah. Marcus Freeman was Schrager texted me that this morning. Then he was like, I'm gonna go just say it on NFL network. I was like, thanks dude. What About, what about, appreciate it. What about a coach trade? I feel like the Jets, if anybody does a coach trade, it'd probably be the Jets. No, I'll tell you the No, the Jets have their own, I mean, they don't have a coach. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Neither we, you can trade for a coach is what I'm saying. But they don't Have one who we train for. Yeah, we don't have one. You don't have one? We don't have, we don't, we both don't have coaches. No, I'm saying you can get, you can acquire a coach via trade. Like, like a box Guy, another guy, another coach. Different. Got it. Got it. Got it. Not trading your coach Way. I'm saying I do not wanna, I do not wanna do that Using free agency to acquire or not.


But the trade deadline to acquire a currently employed coach. Yes. The, the Jets would trade a first round pick for someone. Oh, for McVay. Yeah. They would Memes. You're thinking about it right now. Yeah. And now you're thinking this might be a good idea. No, Well no. I was just lean into, we don't have a gm so I guess somebody could just send a first round pick For like maybe the owner. Is that something that you think Woody Johnson might be interested in if he just sent Ten first round picks for John McVay? Yeah. Send first round picks. By the way, we should talk about the Lions real quick. They are very banged up on defense and Well, They, they acquired Jamal Adams. They Did Blitz Boys, blitz back, Man in the box. Allison Chains. It Does feel like the Lions, I mean, this game on Thursday night against the Packers is going to be massive.


Massive. Yeah. Because I'm, I'm of the belief at this point that if the Eagles get home field advantage, they're gonna go to the SUP Pool. So, And if the Lions get home field advantage, they're gonna go to the sup pool. I mean, I think the Eagles are right there with the Lions. Yeah. Right there with 'em right there. Neck and neck. We'll get To it. Yeah. We'll get to it. But yeah, Their defense is, they were missing a lot of guys, especially in the second half. They're very injured. Everyone's injured though. I still believe in the Lions This time of year. Everyone's Banged up. Everyone's banged up. No excuses. I did love the one play that the Lions ran in the first half. The little trick play. Yeah. That they put the ball in Pine's hands and you just started Beasting people, I don't even know if there was a, like a pass or a designed run. I think they just wanted to put the ball in his hands and let him just shove people around.


That was at the point of the game where it was as embarrassing as possible. And Ben Johnson was like, fuck it, these guys suck. Yeah. I I'm just gonna do some cool shit. I wanna watch penal shove people over. Yeah, He was, he is scary. I don't, I going to tackle him is very, very scary. But yeah, it was a crazy, crazy Thanksgiving. I just chaotic. I I basically spent like the next hour mumbling to myself. Like, why didn't you call a timeout? Yeah. Why didn't you call a timeout? And I was not over it for a long time. And again, the worst part about this game is that I, after the Packers game, I made a pledge to myself to not let this team hurt me for the rest of the year. Because Apathy had started to, you know, like take over.


And it was like, look, we're not gonna the playoffs. I'm just gonna watch Kle Williams on Sunday and be happy with that. I was actually mad about this game and I was mad. And then I got mad at myself for getting mad at the game. I mean, If you beat a really, really good team, a really, really good team, then that, that does huge, huge numbers for your ego. Right. And It's just, if you have a shitty team, you can be like, we could just, if we played like that every week, then we would be that really good team. Yeah. And it's, I mean they, kale Williams is now just basically every game he goes on game-winning drives that just aren't game winning drives because something terrible happens. Yeah. And it just happens over and over. So You just, you want to cut those off at some point. You don't want 'em to start accumulating those losses. I'm, I'm mean, and, and to start like, you know, you, we've seen quarterbacks And we've seen head coaches that just accumulate sad losses and they just weigh on them.


Just Stay with 'em. I'm in full groundhogs mode with, with like the team two years ago and last year where it's like, oh I feel good. Like they're making progress. But winning games would be nice every now and then. Yeah. For morale. You're in that hank now kind of. Yeah. Where it's like, you don't wanna, now Hank doesn't even Fuck. No, he cared. He cared when the Patriots lost because it's, you're, you want your quarterback to play well won and then you're like, eventually we gotta win a game. Just so like everyone feels good. More so for you. 'cause you've lost for so long. Like Yeah. Us us. Okay. I shouldn't have set myself up. A loss Is is a good draft pick. I shouldn't have set myself up for that.


What'd you think about the Jamir Gibbs leaking the the protections? Yeah. That was crazy. Dan Campbell was very upset if you saw the, the, so Jamir Gibbs did a TikTok in front of all of the verbiage that the offense uses for the Lions. And then after the game, a reporter told Dan Campbell and he was just like, what, what happened? And he is like, I didn't see that. And then he just walked right off. It like, that actually sucks for the, like they do. I was, I was reading, I can't remember who, who tweeted about it. But someone's like this. Obviously this doesn't mean that everyone has their plays, but it means they have to learn new language this late in the season. That sucks. Yeah. It's annoying. Yeah. It's all of his teammates are probably really pissed off at him for that.


You know what I would do is I would just not change anything and be like, there's, everyone thinks we're gonna change. We've changed everything. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone think everyone assumes we're gonna change What? Yeah. Play it real quick. He was, he, you could just see in his face, he was just like, oh God. Damnit Calls on the whiteboard behind him. Is that something where you need to just remind a player to, you know, be smart about what they're posting on social media? Is there anything, you know, that could, who, who is that? I believe Gibbs posted a photo of of Jefferson with a bunch of, you know, lingo on, on the whiteboard in the running back room behind him. Oh, I didn't know that. Did not know that. Okay. Yeah. I need to check on that then. Did not know that. Yeah. I'd rather our stuff not be out there.


Thanks. Thanks. He walked off. So mad of be there was probably, that was probably the beginning of the press conference. He's like, I gotta go right now. Alright. Enough about the Bears. Let's talk about the next game on Thur on Thanksgiving. Cowboys 27 Giants 20. You said you wanted to, let's let's recap what we ate instead of talking about this game, which I'm fine with. I do have a couple Giants. Things I wanted to talk about. Yeah. Yeah. I, I just figured a, a apt recap for this game would be to just talk instead about what we ate on Thanksgiving. Yeah. Overs show's. Pick was awesome. Over's pick overs shown is a really, really good player. Yeah. And Ri Rico Doddle is awesome. Over shown every time I watch the Cowboys, no matter how bad things are going, he's always, you know, he's the definite he flies around out there.


Yeah. That's what he does. Yeah. And yeah. Mike McCarthy. Congratulations to him. Yeah. I think he might even get like an extension. I do too. I think he might just stick around for a while as a coach. Their defense looked great. I mean it was Drew Locke, but they looked great. Yeah. But, but yeah. What did you guys eat? What was your favorite thing you ate? Deep fried Turkey. I did steak this year. Steak is, I like that. I like that idea. Steak and Turkey. Yeah, because Turkey. Oh, you did both? Well, yeah. So we, I think you can't just go, I, I saw our guy Chuck calls it steak, steak giving and I'm, I think steak is fine. You have to do a Turkey just out of like, you just have to do a Turkey. But I did, I ate probably 80% steak, 20% Turkey.


If I switch to steak, I'm just gonna do steak, I think. Right. Because Turkey is, it's the whole preparation for it. You have to brine it, you have to cook it, you roast it for a few hours. You deep fried. It's a big thing with the setup. If you're gonna switch to steak, I feel like you just make that call and you're like, we're doing steak this year instead of Turkey. Yeah. We did both and it was fucking awesome. I Might have changed the game for Thanksgiving this year. Oh yeah. I invented something. Oh, Thanksgiving soup. Oh, Thanksgiving soup. It was so, so good. I took the leftover Turkey. I made a, made a Turkey stock. I boiled the, the fried Turkey carcass. Made a stock out of it. Then I added mashed potatoes, I added stuffing mac and cheese.


I roasted the stuffing Nice in the oven to use as the croutons. Nice. On top of the soup. I cut up carrots. I put some green bean casserole in there. 'cause it's got cream mushroom soup as the base. God damn. I got so much. You have any left leftover? I got some leftovers I can bring you bring, Bring it tomorrow. I Actually, I was thinking about just bringing in the whole operation and deep frying a Turkey for the bar still office. Yeah. Let's Deep Fried Turkey is the way to go. Let's, That sounded delicious. Anyways. It was awesome. What'd you guys eat? A lot of Turkey. Lot of Stuffing. Yeah. Lot of crab cakes. How many plates you had? Crab cakes. I like crab cake. Like a little appetizer. Oh I did. I fucking hammered. I had like 20 of 'em hammered cheese and crackers. I just went Turkey sandwich right outta the gate. What? Yeah.


Yep. Right outta the gate. A sandwich Before that meal for your dinner meal, You had leftovers before. You're crazy for that. You Had pre leftovers. You're crazy for that meal. That is a change of the game. Wow. I also, and this was directly related to, to the Bears and the timeout. I think I conservatively had about 15 cookies after like 4:00 PM Yep. Cookies. I just went to, I went to Cookie Town. Yeah. For me, cookies are breakfast on Thanksgiving. Yeah. I was, I was literally just walking. I would just walk past the kitchen and just eat two cookies. And I did that for seven hours Straight. You guys pumpkin pie people. I'm not, no, I, I fucked myself up with some pumpkin Pie.


I don't like pumpkin pie. I'm not a big pumpkin guy. Pumpkin pie. Fred Smoot taught me that pumpkin. We pumpkin pumpkin's not food. It's fucking hippopotamus Is he said like him. Yeah. My, I had this girl that came up to me one time. You know what she asked me, Pumpkin? You ever had pumpkin of pie? No. She asked me actually a different question than that. Oh, what'd she Ask? My pussy tastes like pumpkin pie. Yeah. Talking About fuck outta here. I didn't ever have no pumpkin of pie. Yeah. Bernie Mac. Bernie Mac. Good Job. Yeah. Yeah. It's the best memes. What'd you have? Had some Turkey? Had some stuffing. I didn't stop eating for Like 48 Hours. Have, have you heard Brandon do it? Yeah, I have. Okay. Yeah, I was gonna say, yeah, he's done it so many times.


Diet's Back tomorrow. Oh no, no, no, no, no Monday. No. Why you can't diet between Thanksgiving and Christmas my friend. Yes. Yes. You can Hank tell him. No you can't. That's crazy. It's a big Month. I think. I think this Monday is a diet. It's diet Monday. Yeah. You can't, yeah. This is a give up. This is a just drink, eat whatever you want. Yep. I'm kind poop yourself every now and then. I'm making a chicken chili tomorrow. Oh, okay. For diet? Yeah. Chicken chili's healthy. Yeah. You get a white, white chili. White Chili. Yeah. White chili. How was butter you putting in it? No butter. Oh, okay. No, this Monday is the diet day and then you go back to it on Tuesday.


Yeah. You get a one day diet. Yeah. Alright. I, I want to talk about the giant Wait mes what'd you have? Anything Good Turkey stuffing. That's it. That's it. Did you guys, do you guys do sausage in your stuffing? 'cause I do. It's awesome. My mom makes the best stuffing. Really? How many people in America do you think say that? How many people are in America? Hundreds of Millions. Did you, did you guys see the, the viral tweet That was so funny. It is like my, my grandma's in Shaq's Celtics era of cooking. It just like had like 50,000 retweets. It was sad when it, when it, when it goes, it goes alright.


Yeah, no, I wanna talk about the Giants real quick because we always memes and I say, oh, the Bears and the the Jets are, are similar. The Bears and the Giants are the, are the similarity because outside of the obviously two Super Bowls, which changed everything, the Giants are in the same situation where they have an idiot fail son running an organization into the ground. Last 10 years, they've been to the playoffs twice. They've won one playoff game. They've had I think three, three winning seasons outta the last 14. They've won, they're 78 in 128. And I think reading the, like seeing what Giants fans are saying, it's like the same frustration where it's you switch out coaches, you switch out. John Me's the one who's calling the shots and he's gonna keep fucking things up.


And every quarterback that they've had recently seems to play exactly the same too. Yeah. They look identical when they're out there on the field. Yeah. So I I, I feel like I have one guy to fix the Giants. It's Bill Belichick. I like that. I mean he's got, he loves history. He loves NFL history where, you know, he started everything and not where he actually started. I think he started with the Lions, but where, you know, defensive coordinator for Lawrence Taylor and everything a a founding organization. He goes in and he just runs the whole show. I feel like, I feel like that could happen. I think their Legacy, this most recent mayor legacy might be and he would probably like to get the, the record with a giant Sergeant.


Yeah, I was, I was just gonna say, I think that his legacy might be ending any semblance of anything interesting ever happening on hard knocks again. Yeah. That might be it. Because of the Saquon thing. Yeah. No team is gonna wanna put out film of their GM fucking something up so, so terribly that it'll just be a stain on the franchise forever. It's, you're really gonna get anything good from hard knocks. No, and it's really a shocking clip. I rewatch it every now and then. Yeah. I'm just like, holy shit. But It, they really said it, but it, they have had the most hilarious like 18 year run as a franchise. Yeah. Because I, I mean yeah, obviously you trade it all for the two Super Bowls. Especially Why, especially over the Patriots and Tom Brady. That's why where they deviate from the Jets of the Bears. But in terms of the last decade, they have been horrendously horrendously bad and they just, they don't put together winning seasons.


They have no continuity. They fire coaches, they fire GMs and it's because they've got an idiot son running the whole organization. That's what happens. Find someone else also, this is where, this is where the Jet's like, as bad as Woody Johnson is, he actually goes for it. He's an idiot of a different kind. He but he didn't inherit the team. I think he's got some idiot family members too. Yeah, He does. But he didn't inherit the team and be like, I'm just gonna be an idiot. He's the idiot. He is the idiot. Woody Johnson's the idiot. He is the idiot. But he tr he tries really hard. Whereas like the mirrors and the McCaskey in the last decade, again I have to qualify because they obviously Giants won.


They just are like, we own a NFL team. This is sick. We're just gonna print money and, and do things the right way and hope it works. I think the, the Giants and the Bears are similar in that they care, they both care very, very deeply about running a classy organization. Correct. And they, that's what the, that's what winning is to them. We run a classy organization. Virgin McCaskey didn't let swear words. We have a lot on the hard knocks. We Have a lot of dark stained wood in our offices. Right. Yeah. Every, everything in our house smells like a football. Yeah. That that's what they want. Ties. Yeah. We're all wearing ties all the time. Yeah. Books of football lore in, in our, you know, 10,000 square foot studies and we can't run a team, but we love football.


Yeah. And the history of the game and the, and the meetings and all that stuff. They love that shit. Not the actual game. Okay. Yeah. The Cowboys. I, I do think Mike McCarthy has saved the, I don't think the Giants are gonna win another game by The way. They might not. Especially Dexter Lawrence I think out for the season. Yeah, I believe so. So they might not, and I don't know if they're gonna go back to Tommy DeVito. He doesn't really matter. No, I like Tracy the running back. He's, he's not bad. Yeah. And they, they are now 11 games without an interception. So that's quite something. Yep. Alright. Packers 30, dolphin 17. I mean this was the most obvious game ever. Mike McDaniel was shivering on the sidelines. He was all bundled up to, he Was shivering on the sidelines.


It was, it was a bad scene. And then Tua did not rewrite the narratives. No. That stuff, he still hasn't won a game under 40 degrees, I Believe. Yeah. And it, I mean they made a valiant comeback late. Yeah. That was like, hey, maybe if they score, they got stopped at the goal line. But the, the stat that, there's two stats that are like, when everyone's like, Hey, you can't just say candy s uniforms, Dolphins can't win in the cold. I have two stats for you that show you. You absolutely can. The first one is the Dolphins had 20 missed tackles to give up 132 extra yards. That's a, that's a cold weather stat. That's a, I don't want to get my nose in into the pile. I don't want to tackle anyone. And the second stat is Mike McDaniel was literally shivering on the Sidelines. He was so cold. He was so cold.


He Looked like the kid from the the Christmas story Yeah. All bundle up. He couldn't like move his extremity. If he had to challenge a call, I don't think he'd be able to find the flag. Yeah. They they didn't even wear their most candy ass uniforms either. No. They wore the old school dolphin with a helmet, which is, that's, that's breaking all the glass in case of emergency for the Do the Dolphins to look as tough as possible. They should make one of those where the Dolphins wearing a, a helmet with the guardian cap on. Yeah. That would rock too. Yeah. But yeah, it doesn't look like, I mean they had to win this one if they wanted some help. They did not. Yeah. Now they can play Spoiler. They can play spoiler. I think they still, technically they need, they need the Broncos to start losing. Yeah. The Colts and the Dolphins need the Broncos to start losing, to have a chance.


But yeah, that, that was it. To get back to 500 and the Packers, I'm officially very, very nervous the this Thursday night football game against the Lions. The Packers win this game. I'm already on. The Packers look incredible. 'cause Jordan loved hasn't thrown an interception in the last two weeks. Josh Jacobs, they're Running game. But I tried to tell myself that that was a waste of money and it is not. 'cause he is really fucking good. They have become what the 49 ERs were in the past. Yeah. Watching them run the football is, it's interesting. It's entertaining. I like doing it. I'm worried. I'm officially worried about the Packers. By the way, here's a fun stat. The Lions, the Packers and the Vikings are 27 and three against all teams, not themselves. So they all have lost a single game against the non NFC North team.


It's pretty crazy. Yeah. 27 and three. They're all really, really fucking good. Yeah. I'm looking at the a FC picture right now. It's gonna be, we could have beat all three. It's gonna be tough. What? Yeah, it's gonna beat all three. Yeah. We could've, we actually very much could've. We're right there. Oh, we're right there. That's What they're fucking Telling them. It's gonna be tough. They need the, they need the Colts and the Broncos to start losing. Yeah, That's exactly what it's And they need 'em to lose fast. Yeah. But yeah, the Packers are really good. That Thursday night football game, this Packers Lions game is gonna be, that's, that is, that's 'cause if the Packers win this game, the they could win the North. Yeah. Oh, easily. Like that's, that's, it's not ruling it out and, 'cause I think they still have a game against the Vikings left that if they, if they beat the Vikings, that would obviously put the Vikings with another loss.


I I mean it's gonna be crazy watching this, like, if, if the Packers win this game, they're looking at, hey, we could win the North. And if they lose this game, they're, they're basically like, all right, we're on, we're a road team on, on Wild Card Weekend. Yeah. They're, the Packers are nine and three and the Vikings are right there at 10 and two and 11 one. This is, this is gonna tell everything. This is gonna tell everything. Max, you're the biggest Packers fan on Earth on Thursday night. Yeah. I was a huge Bears fan this week, last weekend too. I Know. I'm sorry we let you down. Yeah. Who do the Lions have left? Do they have any hard games left? Besides obviously playing the Vikings in the, I guess, I mean playing, playing the Bears outside, who knows?


Thomas Brown might, might get the boys going. So if the, if that were to happen, if, if the Lions were the bills, The Packers, the Bills and the Niners And fall to the, the first Wild card, what would that mean for the first round matchup? They would probably, they might go to Atlanta. The Packers? No, the Lions. If they, if the Lions fell, fell back. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. If they, if the Packers ended up winning the North or the Vikings won the north. Yeah. Yeah. They could, they could travel to Atlanta and just beat the fuck outta the Falcons. It's, it's just crazy because the Lions are, have been so good and they are so good, but because the Vikings and the Packers are also so good, a division that they could have ran away with is still very much up for grabs.


Really. Depending on Thursday night football. If the, if the Lions win the game on Thursday night football, it's almost a wrap because they do, they have already beaten the Vikings and they play the Vikings at home so that, that kind of seals it. But if they lose that game, it's way up for grabs. Yep. It's crazy. Alright. Yeah. The Packers are really good. I'm scared. I'm very, very scared. Alright, last game that we're gonna talk about from Thursday and Friday. Chiefs and Raiders, Chiefs 19. Raiders 17 PFD Should have put it as your Pick. I should have put it as my pick, but I didn't, I didn't give it out as my pick. I gave Money Line, so it's true. It's a missed bet. I have to put my hand up and say Bad bet. The Chiefs are, that was the most Chiefs game ever.


They, they at the start of the game looked like they were gonna kill the Raiders. The Raiders come back. Aiden O'Connell, shout out. Not bad playing ballsy. Max Crosby was doing his Max Crosby thing where he just, he, he has to piss off Patrick Mahome more than any player on Earth. Oh yeah. Because he was doing like little extra jabs here and there. Patrick Holmes was complaining to the refs. And then we had the last play, which for all the conspiracy theorists out there, it was just red beat. Well, I, I, I wanna go back to the drive before that last drive. Yeah, yeah. So Antonio Pierce, he had the ball in plus territory the Raiders down by 1.3 minutes left on the clock. Lemme ask you a question, Piquette, if you give the ball, would you want to give the ball back to Patrick Mahomes when Patrick Mahomes had a lead?


I would Not. With three minutes left I would not. Alright. So Antonio Pierce did and he sent his punt team out there. And then somebody on the sidelines was like, Hey Antonio Pierce. Just a reminder that's Patrick Mahomes on the opposite sideline. Might not wanna do that. So he did my favorite move in all sports, which is he called the think it over time Out Yep. To think it over. And his decision coming outta that time out was to send his kicker out there who had missed two field goals of 55 and over yards, I believe. Yep. To try a 58 yard field goal. Yep. Shocker. Actually landed short Yep. Of the upright. So then you give the ball back to Patrick Mahomes with three minutes left, and actually you get the ball back. Yep. After that. But it was just an insane decision.


I, I don't know what his decision tree was on that. I, I don't know what he was thinking. He Doesn't really think It ended up working out for him. So I guess I'm the idiot. But they got the ball back, drive down the field, and then we get to the point where it's here come the refs. Yeah. Because the final play where the Chiefs get a fumble, there is a ref that runs on the field that calls it a false start. Did he call it a false start? I So there's some discussion going on. Yeah. The Raiders are claiming that some people on the field heard a whistle. Yeah. I don't know if I heard a whistle or not, but it was an illegal shift that they ended up calling. Oh, okay. Yeah. After they got together to talk about It.


But the ref coming in from the sideline was, it looked like he was calling a false start. I believe so. And then he changed it to illegal shift. Yes. Which then made it so that the place stood and the fumble counted. Yes. So it, I guess it could have been thrown as a false start. And then after the fact he was like, let's just make this illegal shift. 'cause I'm not sure if it, if they were going sideways or forward. The bottom line is, yeah, the Chiefs, I get why they used the meme now. Yeah. This game flipped it for me. I get it. I get it. You guys lost this game win. You win. I can't, I'm done fighting against it. The Chiefs, your fans, your team, your whole city, whatever you're doing, I want a part of that.


You guys are doing the right thing because they're 11 in one. They have the worst point differential of any 11 one team in history. 10 consecutive playoff bursts. You know what second worst is Who? It's the 1976 Raiders. Mm. They won the Super Bowl. Yeah. I Don't think the Chiefs are gonna win the Super Bowl this year. And I say that with caution because it is still Patrick Mahomes, but their offensive line, and I know they got TJ Humphreys, who's still working back from ACL, their offensive line is bad. They moved, they mo they shifted at the end in the middle of the game because their Left tackle stinks. They're like, we can't figure this out. I think they put toy at left tackle.


Their offensive line is bad. Their secondary has not been good. It feels like they're just holding on. And if they go up against a team with a really good pass rush, it's gonna be very hard for the Chiefs. Now it's still Patrick Mahome. So I say this with a lot of caution because he'll probably just end up winning the game and we'll be like, how the fuck did they do this? But it does feel a little bit different in that, like, it feels more 2019 Chiefs who went to the Super Bowl, the covid year, or no, was it 2020? It was just before Covid. It was 2020 in Miami. They won that, they won that Super Bowl, then they won, and then Covid hit. Yeah. So it was a 2020 season where they played the Bucks and Patrick Mahomes got, had no time in the Super Bowl, and the Bucks were all over them.


And so they still might go to the Super Bowl. So we don't, we don't want to say that Patrick Mahomes won't win a Super Bowl. No, we don't. We don't want to. We're fighting against it with every fiber of our being. The Chiefs are, are making us believe that I I you guys are doing it to yourselves. I think Chiefs fans though, know that this feels a little different than last year where it was like, okay, they're kind of fucking around, but they still have the fundamentals here of like a team that can win a Super Bowl. And they obviously still can. But this one feels like, I don't, I mean, Patrick Mahomes went 113 games without a five sack game. He's now been sacked five times by the Panthers last week, and then the Raiders five times this week. Yeah. So two in a row. And they could get, he, you know, like I said, they, they made a signing, they could get healthier.


But as it stands right now, I don't feel super optimistic. And they, they also are gonna be in a fight with for the one seat. Yeah. Did you hear Al Michaels kind of shitting on streaming? What'd He say during the game? I think, well, they Missed a punt. We missed a whole Punt. Yeah. We missed a punt. We missed a play that'll, that'll be lost to, to history. Nobody saw it happen. Who knows what happened and, and what they were, the crisis actors at the game were told to say afterwards, but Al Michaels was like, yeah, they wouldn't do that on Linear, but they'll do that to us on streaming. And then he just kind of proceeded to take a shit on Amazon. I love Al Michaels and his, I don't give a fuck. Yes. It's, it's pretty good. Yes, it's pretty. He does not care. He'll just say whatever. I also on A Black Friday game, I don't even know.


Does Al Michaels like, what does he eat on Thanksgiving? Does he eat steak? Just steak, yeah. Steak. Yeah, Steak for sure. I wanted to say, I, I saw this funny tweet I wanted to shout out from Stats Guy Daniel. He said, Steelers Chiefs on Christmas Day is just gonna be 57 minutes of both teams doing everything possible to keep it a one score game before Mike Tomlin and Patrick Mahome reveal who negotiated the better deal with the devil to win in the most unthinkable way possible. Nailed it. Nailed it. That's what they do. The Raiders. Why? By the way, did we get a Shado Sanders tweet? Oh, we did not. Oh, he Was, he was playing in a game. Yeah, we did not. He Was playing in the did not on Friday. So I, I don't, let's see. Did he do it on Thanksgiving after the Giants lost? I don't know.


I did not check up on that. I know that. I did check on it for, for Friday. How did his game go on Friday? He played pretty well. He had three touchdown passes to this really outstanding receiver. What's his name? Number 12, whatever that is. Can Someone look up number 12 For us? Shado Sanders has tweeted Thank you, God, an hour ago. Oh, So it's a Sunday thing. He did it an hour ago. It's a Sunday thing. Travis Hunter is the name Travis Hunter. I thought he played Quarterback. He does. Yeah. What? Look at it Again. And he scored three touchdown passes. He didn't, did he have An inter interception too? What? Wow. Damn. We gotta look up this guy. We should probably do some research for him. Oh, is that that the guy that did the Heisman pose twice?


Oh, I was, what is the Heisman pose? Because they kept doing it And they kept talking About it. If you like, if you're good enough to win the Heisman, you do it. I don't know. I We'll, we'll, you know what? To the Awls, we're gonna look up this Travis Hunter guy. We'll give you a report on Wednesday. Yeah. I just thought it was an interesting pose. And I was like, that's, if that's a trophy, that's a must be a pretty prestigious trophy. 'cause that's a cool, Yeah, I don't, the Chiefs just, that was the most chief's way for them to win the game. Just so classically Chiefs. Hank, did you have Raiders money line? Yeah, I saw it. Yeah. Look at Hank's face. You knew he had Raiders money line. Oh, I did too. Oh, I'm sorry, Hank. That was tough. But it was so Chiefs, it's the Patriots deal with the devil where you guys would win games like this.


There's been like 20 of 'em this year though. The Patriots. This shit feels crazy. Patriot. The Patriots Also were like, I feel like going against the refs. The Chiefs have the ref in their pocket. I can't, I don't know specifically You had the Tuck rule. That Was rule. I did see one person was like, the Patriots never had this deal with the devil. And then someone just quote you with the Miles Jack play. Yeah. That one or D Ford off sides. Yeah. He was off sides, but, okay. So Jack one, I, I do, I do say the, the deal with the devil and like, you know, it's crazy. They keep getting away with it. But the actual reality of it is the Chiefs make winning plays at winning time.


And like, that's, they're a team that will never get blown out. And they will always be in that spot where if you make a mistake, they'll capitalize on it. So it's like, it's a combo of, yes, it looks like luck, but I also think it's just they're really fucking good. And if you fuck up at all, they'll just jump on you and win the game. Yeah. But you know what I'm saying? They, they are almost daring us to doubt them. Yeah. You're doing, you're doing all that you can. I don't wanna Do it. I think that's the only way that they Yeah. They, they can get like, amped up is to have all the doubters show. I don't wanna do it. But you're, you're making me, I'm starting to do it. Think about doing it. I'm starting to do It. And I don't want to, By the way, max Crosby 387 consecutive snaps, which I think that's most since 2016.


He just does it every, every year he just rips off another consecutive snaps record. Yeah. It's nuts. It's nuts. All right. Should we take a break and we'll go to Oh yeah. Raiders fans. Brock Powers is awesome. True. He's so fucking good. That's cool that you have him. And a OC didn't look bad either. No, he didn't look bad. Wonder. I don't know if they'll win another game, but he looks like you. He does look a little bit like me. I was gonna say, he looks a little bit like Derek Carr with the, the mascara. They both got that vibe that that mustache a little bit of maybe could lose a couple. Just if we're being factual, could lose a couple. Alright, let's get to our Sunday games. Before we do that PFT, you got a couple ads?


Yes.


Before we get to the Sunday games, they're brought to you by our good friends over at Gametime. Gametime. Guess what? We got a big Monday night game Big Cat. Can you check and see what the get in price? Yes. On Monday night, football's gonna be football season's here. We can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports, we love Gametime. And with their brand new Gametime Picks feature, they're making it easier than ever to get to a game. The Gametime picks filters out all the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Monday Night Football, what are we looking at? Alright, got some great ones. If you hit the GT picks, I personally love this. The 500 level up top. You can see everything about the 40 yard line, 75 bucks if you want to get a little lower, 227 bucks. But there's a ton of great options on the Gametime app. 75 bucks to get in, just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen, we can browse the best local Gametime pick deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Get out to Monday Night Football right now with Gametime Picks or a great Thursday night football matchup. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? It's Gametime.


You know, it was pretty impressive. Was Travis Hunter getting three touchdowns and an interception on Black Friday? And we don't wanna speculate, but let's just say I wouldn't be surprised if they had some support from thorn. Thorn's wide range of highly effective nutritional supplements are made to promote and maintain your health goals throughout all your life stages. Thorn is backed by science. It takes a personalized approach to optimizing your health and wellness. Teaming up with leading medical professionals to develop their products. They've got over a hundred products to provide whatever lifestyle support you may need here on part of my take, we're big fans of their creatine amino complex. Their, their creatine is actually excellent with Thorn. Take it every day. Some serious gains. Hank's gonna be dunking in no time whatsoever. I'm getting this leg back up to 40 yards. I'm gonna kick my age with the help of Thorn and their creatine and their amino complex. Get athletic support or just support for any kinda lifestyle@thorne.com. That's T-H-O-R-N e.com. These statements have been, have not been evaluated by the the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


Okay, let's get to some Sunday games. We have Steelers 44 Bengals 38. I think the Bengals officially are done. They gotta take the ping pong table out. Now they Gotta take the ping pong table out. Mike Tomlin is now secured above 500 for his 18th consecutive season. So he has not had a losing record. There's probably, there was maybe a 500 record in there. 18 straight seasons. He has not been under 500 as an NFL coach. That is insane. And I'll say this, the Steelers, I was impressed with them because I was, I was searching around for, for the f word for the Steelers.


I did not think they could win in a shootout. That's exactly what they did. Russell Wilson was awesome. Throwing for over 400 yards. Their defense made a couple huge plays. Big turnovers. Yeah. The Steelers. That was big. That was a big win. Yeah. Huge. Russell Wilson looked awesome. Najee Harris looks light. He's, he's week to week how he looks around the Football. Yeah, that was a big part of the game is they got him going. They got him the screen game and running. Yeah. So do you remember early in the game when he pulled up a little bit and everybody thought his hamstring was fucked up? Yep. All right. So they asked him about that and he said Thanksgiving. He said Pat Friar moth's girlfriend. Jill made some fire ass banana something. And I guess he overindulged a little bit.


Did Naje Harris shit himself in the first quarter? He might. I think that's what that means, right? I think you're right. I think Najee Harris pooped himself when he ran. That's why he pulled up like his hamstring was hurt when he grabbed it at the back of his leg. He's grabbing his butt hole. Yeah. Because he is pooping on himself. But he looked awesome today. Yeah, he looked really good. Now. It was against the Bengals defense. And the Bengals defense might've gotten worse outta the by. Yeah. If that was possible. So the Bengals are two and four when they score score over 30 points, the rest of the league is 75 and three. Yeah, No. Yeah. When it comes to 33 points, the Bengals have four losses. Every other team in the league has one loss. Yeah. So this might be the end of the Bengals dynasty. The Bengals defense has given up 34 or more points six times this year.


That's insane. Yeah. Six Times. We should say they have a 3% chance at making the playoffs. I 3%. They're, and they've converted from being a, we have to run the table in terms of wins. Now they're saying every drive is a must score drive. Yeah. To Chase was like, we, I think we could, we need to score on every single drive from now on, because our defense can't stop anybody if they score a touchdown on every drive. I think they would make the playoffs at this point. They, I don't Think they would, they would need You don't think so? No. 'cause all the other teams have to lose. No, they need to score on every drive. But also the other teams have to not score on every drive. Yeah. They, they don't a double they don't control their own destiny. Like, they can't say, Hey, if we score on every drive, we're good.


Yeah. They, they gotta be like, Hey, we gotta score on every drive. And also the cols have to never score again. The Dolphins have to never score again. The Broncos have to never score again. It's pretty bad. It's everyone. They, they, they got no chance. It's, it's over. And this is, this has to be one of the most frustrating seasons for a fan base. Because if I told you in August that we would be sitting here on the, on the week of Thanksgiving, and Joe Burrow would have 30 touchdowns, five interceptions, and 3,300 yards in 12 games with a 68% completion percentage. You'd be like, the Bengals are, are vying for the ones. And How many interceptions is that?


Five. Five. And at least two or three of those are on badly deflected passes off the hands of his own Receivers. Yeah. Now he does have fumbles too. Yeah. He had a, he had two fumbles in this game that was bad. But still, Joe Burrow has played statistically his best season and you've completely wasted it because your defense fell off a cliff. And your owner is a cheap Ass. Are we in a, a zone where it might be so bad their defense might be so bad that maybe Joe Burrow MVP is back on a little bit. I mean, I, I I put a little on him offensive player of the year because I made the bet thinking Saquon might win MVP and then they'll give offensive player of the year to the best quarterback. Yeah. And he's been the best quarterback.


His team stinks. And if a running back wins MVP, then they wouldn't necessarily have to give offensive player of the year to just the best quarterback on the best team. Correct. I think I got it. Like 90 to one or something. No, that can't be right. Yeah. But either way, Joe Burrow's been awesome and you've completely wasted a year of Joe Burrow's Prime and like that's, that would kill me as a Fan and t Higgins last year. Yeah. Yoshi looks pretty good though. Yeah. But still, like, it's 90 to one. A couple years ago you thought that this team was set up your windows open that window. Sorry. Yeah. Sorry about your window. Yeah, That was bad. That was bad. So yeah, the Bengals are dead. I'm done, I'm done thinking about them.


I'm done. I mean, they're still fun. Watch. Yeah. 'cause they play in shootouts. But like, this game was not an a FC North game at all. With the way, with the way the first half went. And again, I, I think the Steelers like winning in this style. I did not think they had it into him. Maybe George Pickens was right. It was the snow that made them bad against the Browns. And George Pickens, by the way back, he did it all. He did it all. He, he got, he got flagged for unsportsmanlike, for simulating a gun. But he claims, And we can watch the tape. He claims he was signaling first down after he got a first down. Got it. Now he did pull a trigger at the end of the first down, which you have to do, which you have to do. I mean, who's to say that that was a gun?


You just pulled the trigger on the first down. He Scored a touchdown, had a bunch of really good plays, got shot a fake gun, threw a, a ball in a player's in opponent's face, and then punted a ball into the, after scoring his touchdown. It was great. He did it all. He did It all. It was great. I love that guy. And, and Tomlin said after he is like, George has to grow up. No, I don't think So. No, no. Just let George be George. They did have a moment where Tomlin like got into his face on the sidelines a little bit. I don't know what Tomlin could be saying to George Pickens that he hasn't already said. Probably like 40 to 50 times. Yeah. Already. But yeah, Tomlin Tomlin likes having a little bit of chaos on his team. He enjoy, you can tell he gets off on it. Tomlin I has quickly become one of my favorite coaches because he just feels like, ev even the videos after in the locker room where he is dancing with like Najee Harris.


He's the best guy ever. And you get why he can handle like having an Antonio Brown or a, you know, George Pickens or Ben Berger on your, on his team. 'cause he's just stable. And he's like, he's just down with the, down with the dudes. Yeah. And he is like, like, I'll, I'll be here for you no matter what. Like George Pickens on any other team, I feel like is not as good and, and maybe like fails and, and has shit happen that's bad. But on the Steelers, he's still crazy. But Tomlin knows how to harness the crazy. So what's the difference between the Bears, the Giants and the Steelers? Because the Steelers have that like old school family. Yeah. Yeah. We're a classy organization thing, but they're just really, Russ Are smart.


They're really good. Yeah. And they get coaches and they don't, and they keep 'em. And also they've had quarterbacks, well They get good coaches. They Ben Berger because you Could, that was a big thing. Yeah. You could also say like, okay, it probably wouldn't be the best thing for the Bears to keep a lot of the coaches at the time. Correct. Correct. But Ben Berger would probably be the big one. And then obviously their defense. I feel like maybe it's also the jerseys, The j the towels, When they put on the jerseys, their defense is just good. The Towels Too. Like you, if you did a video game, you put on the Steelers, you know, Jersey, and it's just plus five points to defense. What do you think the score of the game would've been on on the Thanksgiving night game if the Packers and the Dolphins had just changed jerseys? Mm. It would've been a one score.


It would've been a, I think they'll, the Packers still win. Packers win by three. Now I think the Packers might lose, actually, They might lose. Imagine Jordan Love in a dolphin series And you maybe gave a coat to Mike McDaniel. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Russ though I was very wrong about Russ. I thought 414 Yards, three touchdowns. His third, His third 400 yard game in his career. I would never have guessed that he had a 400 yard game still left in him. Yeah. But He does. They're winning shootouts. They're winning shootouts. That's what I said, like the, the, the, the Steelers winning this game, the style, they won this game. I'm like, all right. I was wrong. Like Steelers are not frauds. And I, they still have a tough schedule down the stretch, but Yeah.


With their defense gets a little healthy. They just got dudes everywhere. And, and even though their defense got lit up a little bit, I mean, the Bengals will do that to anyone. They still made the big plays when they had to. We're gonna get some good quotes from Jamar Chase as this season concludes. Yeah. I feel like he's, he does not give a fuck. He's just gonna say whatever's on his mind. I Feel bad for Joe Burrow. It's not, I mean, just, you just wasted. You can't waste these seasons when you have a quarterback like Joe Burrow. Yep. You can't. Okay. Next game. Chargers 17. Falcons 13. This is one of those games where the Chargers were lucky to win because their offense couldn't do anything. And the Falcons, you've got a problem and he's a friend of the show, but Kirk Cousins has been bad the last three weeks and he threw four interceptions today.


Some really, really bad picks, too really bad. The one in the end zone, the pick six was bad too. You're, I mean, it was as about as bad as a four pick day can be. My theory is that it's like James Harden when he would play in cities that had really good strip clubs. Yeah. He would always play poorly. Kirk Cousins does the same when very popular iconic musicals come out in theaters. Mm. And so he is been up all night singing along and not focused on his playbook. Yeah. I dunno if there's anything to that. But he looked bad Today. He looked bad. The, the pick six was really bad. And then the end zone interception was really, really bad. And it was the, the really, the, the hard part for the Falcons is the Falcons defense has not shown up in like a lot of games they did today.


They, so the Falcons defense has had five sacks total in the last six games. They had five today. They were, they, they didn't let the Chargers do anything. The Chargers had 187 total yards. The, the Falcons had 24 first downs. So the Chargers 10. And they should have like the, the Falcons kept on going into the red zone, not getting anything out of it. Missing field goals, interceptions. That's a game that you're gonna look and be like, how did we lose that game? Yeah. Because they should have won that game. The Chargers offense couldn't do anything. And you sack Justin Herbert five times and man, you Kirk Cousins. That was, that was a tough one. It was a very tough one. So they've got the, the Vikings, but then they've got some winnable games after that too.


For the Falcons. Yeah. So Hank, thank you for sending a reminder to remind us to bet against the Falcons in the playoffs. I feel very, very confident about that Crystal ball pick. Yeah. I think it's gonna work out. They, they just don't look like a good team. No, No. They've lost three in a row now. Basically, they just need to play the box for their offense to look good. Yep. Hank, sorry about your Chargers to not make the playoffs Bet to, to not make that bet. Because it looks like they're gonna make the playoffs. Yeah. They're eight and four, So, so are the Commanders. Yeah, we'll get to that. Agreed. We'll get to that. Yeah. Did like, I feel like if you're a charger, if you're the Chargers and your Chargers fan, you, you go go off a short week against, you know, an emotional game on Monday night against the Ravens.


However you win. Don't apologize for the win. But they, their offensive line looks like it needs some help. And JK Dobbins being out hurts them a lot because they do wanna run the ball and they haven't been able to. Yeah. Their offense was not good at all today. I think most charges fans would say, that was like a painful, thank God we won this Game. Right, exactly. And just walk away and be like, thank God we won it. Yeah. And the Falcons, you wasted a really good defensive effort. Yeah. Kirk, do they, do they make the switch? People are asking, Hmm. People are asking, is it time for Pennix? And then what do you do with Kirk Cousins? He's got zero touchdowns and six interceptions. The last six games, or sorry, three games Salary fully guaranteed for at least next year, right?


Mm. I mean, there's, there's one team I could think of that would be a perfect fit for Kirk Cousins. Who's that? The man is shaking his head. Oh no, right now. I mean, think about it. Picture it. Yeah, I could, I could see it. Kirk Cousins. I could see it. Kirk Cousins to the Jets. Yeah. Yeah, I could see it. No, why not? We already got one guy with the torn leaf. Yeah. True system. I would, I, yeah, I would take a shot on Kirk. Ah, shout out to Tahi still, still by the way, because he had two picks. He had the pick six, he had another pick, and then he also broke up that pass on the last drive to Drake, London. That kind of sealed the game.


Yep. So he was awesome. But yeah, Chargers, good job. High fives everywhere. Everywhere around. You want, you want a tough game and now you're looking like you're gonna be in the playoffs. Yeah. Okay. Vikings 23. Cardinals 22. This is another one where, don't apologize for wins because the Vikings looked bad for three quarters. They had a hundred yards of offense late into the third quarter. And then Sam darn happened. And he was awesome down the stretch. Led them on two, two touchdown drives. They were down 19 six with 4 43 left in the third quarter. He was 12 for seventeen, a hundred fifty six yards in two touchdowns for the rest of the game.


So he won them that game. This Is what I love about Kevin O'Connell, is he gets quarterbacks that have in their past look like they, they're timid, they're slow to process. They don't trust themselves, they're not confident. And when they play for him, they just look like everything's fast. Yeah. Like, they know exactly what to do. And it could be a backup quarterback like Dobbs, it could be Donald, it could be anybody, it could be Kurt Cousins. But they look like just a way more confident version of themselves all the time. And he must be an awesome guy, which is why probably Daniel Jones Yeah. Wants to go out there and just be like, Hey, just tell me I'm pretty, yeah. Make me feel good about myself for a little bit because I'm, I'm gun shy about everything else. I do think that there is, there was an insane coaching decision in this.


Yeah. Yeah. Where, where Gannon kicked that field goal, I think from the four yard line. Yeah. He was up three. Right. He was up three with, to the four yard Line From the four yard line. Kick the field goal to make it six points. I feel like every time that happens, the other team wins six Points is the worst lead in football. I agree. Because you do, you basically, like if you're up three, you, you, you're gonna call offense a little differently and you're not going to, you know, you're gonna play for the field goal, be a little more conservative. If you're up six, you're basically saying to the other team, you have to go score a touchdown. And that's exactly what the Vikings did. If you're up six, you might as well be tied and it's overtime. Right. And if you, if you go for the touchdown there and get it, you are winning the game.


You're up two scores. You've won the game. By the Way, if you're up one and you kick the field goal, I like that. Yeah, I like that a lot. Yeah. If you're up two, I like that a lot. If you're up three, I don't like it. No, Because it's like you, I mean, you're just, you didn't change anything really. Yeah. The other team's just gonna go even harder. The urgency's gonna be there. Kevin O'Connell's, they Have every fourth down now. Sat hole sports pointed this out. Kevin O'Connell is now 24 and 10 in one. Score games 24 And 10. Pretty Good coach. That is really good coach. Yeah. Yeah. No, Kevin O'Connell's a very good coach. And yeah. The Vikings, like I, that was Sam Dar, Sam Donnell won that game. He was Oh. And 23 in games when he was trailing by 13 plus points until today. I Also like their strategy of when teams take away Justin Jefferson just hitting up Jordan Addison all the time.


Yeah. And the teams are like, fuck, we can't let Jordan Addison beat us. And then they have Justin Jefferson. Yeah. Justin Jefferson makes a big catch in fourth quarter. He was, by the way, Justin Jefferson was the fourth player all time to have a thousand yards in his first five seasons. Pretty impressive. He's really fucking good. Yep. And yeah, th this was a game where it felt like the Vikings were gonna lose the whole game because they couldn't do anything offensively. Their defense played well, Ben, don't break the Cardinals. Essentially all they had to do was convert one of those red zone trips into a touchdown instead of kicking all these field goals. And they win this game. And now they're looking at it and be like, we've lost two straight. And the Seahawks winning Seahawks now have a game lead in the NFC West. And if you that, that was a missed opportunity.


Just like the Falcons, there's a missed opportunity for the Cardinals. That one, that crazy field goal too. Like best case scenario, you go up six points and you also give them like 24, 20 yards of extra field position. Correct. Correct. I agree. I wrote it down as well. I was like, this is six a six point lead is the worst lead to have in football. Yeah. What? Six point lead would be the worst? I feel like 14 to 20 is pretty bad. Mm. Yeah. Because then you see the 21, 21, 21 20. You know it's gonna be 21, 20 16, 10. Yeah. That's pretty bad as well. 16. Actually you're right. 16, 10. Yeah. 1610. That is The worst one I got. Because you just can see it. You're like, oh, they're just gonna score a touchdown. They're gonna have 17, 13, 7 2, I feel like is more common. Yeah. 13 seven as well.


Yeah. Those are bad leads. 19, what was it, 1913? That one was, nah, I'd rather, I'd rather be losing 1916. No, no, no. Sorry. This one was 1913. You got some cushion. Yeah. This One was, that's, That's a big one. That's a big one. This one was 22. Six 16. They were up 19 six and then it became 2216. 2216 is not bad. Yeah. That's sizable. Yeah. Yeah. That one I actually, yeah. Now that we're talking it out, I actually kind of agree with the field goal. Yeah. To go from 1919 to 16 to 2216, you feel like you won the game. Yeah. 2025 to 31. That's a pretty big lead too. Yeah. No, 24 To 30, kinda like, yeah. 24 to 30. I think anytime you're gonna lose that game numbers, you're good.


I think John, I think Jonathan Gannon might be vindicated. I, I can understand why he got tripped up. You look at the score in 1916, you're kicking the field goal every time to go up 2216. Yep. You're like, that doesn't make sense. A touchdown doesn't get to 23. Oh shit. Yeah, it does. Yeah, it does. In fact, it does. But you could easily make that mistake. What, what about, what about 18 to 12? No, that's just, that doesn't, that's not a football score. That's just, you're just in a funky Yeah. That's just so many field goals. It's just a year. You're just like, they're gonna kick another field goal. 'cause that's all we've been doing. Yeah. I think the Steelers beat the Falcons at 18 to 12 this week. One Things have changed. That's weird. If I if that that's, that's What was that that was all the Field goals.


Yeah. Yeah. That might, that's like a, you've been watching too much football. Maybe go outside for a little bit. If I'm thinking about that, That feels like a Falcons Steeler score, doesn't it? Yeah, it does. Yeah. I, the Cardinals that they're gonna kick themselves not having this game. And the Vikings, I mean, Sam darn. I was impressed, Sam. Darn. They, Sam darn won 'em. This the, the defense again bent don't break, but like, they were stuck in the mud in Sam Darn. And Aaron Jones fumbles, they put him in the doghouse and he makes the big touchdown catch. Vikings are, Vikings are good. The NFC north is fucking, it's a dog fight. Yeah. It's a dog fight. Okay, next game. Talk about ask kicking PFT. You're back 42 Commanders.


42 Titans. 19. That was an Ass kick. It was a get right. It was a get right. We got Right. I actually think that was, if you had to script a realistic worst way to start a game, the Titans did It. Yeah. 21. Nothing in the first quarter. And it was almost 28. Nothing in the first quarter too. Yeah. Just everything went poorly for the Titans. And the, the Titans, believe it or not, did have the second best total defense Yeah. Of any team in the NFL going into this game now. Yes. A lot of that was because their special teams are so bad that a lot of opponents get short field position on 'em. Yeah. So they don't give up a lot of yards sometimes when they're just, you know, fumbling like crazy on, on punt returns and shit.


But yeah, it was a, just took care of business and the haters out there, they said that we couldn't make the Playoffs. The haters are furious. The haters can't believe that they would ever make such a dumb bet. And that was, that was the goal for the Commanders this entire season. Just make the playoffs. That's a Super Bowl. Yeah. And we took one step closer to that. 83% likelihood to make the playoffs now. There you go. That's had to have it. Had to have it. Now we're going to a buy. I hate the late buys too. It's way too late to have a buy. But more importantly, Jane Daniels proved that he can win in cold weather, because I don't think he's ever played a game that was 41 degrees of kickoff. Oh. And he did, he did the same thing that he does in every game. Which he just stands there smiling with his hands in his pockets.


He's like athletic Ben Mens Max. Where Did you get that? 80% from 83% chance to make the playoffs on the internet. I'm seeing 70%. Have they updated it with the results of today's games? Yes. I, I updated it and I saw, Can you go see this computer Screen? Yeah. It says 70. Yeah. Go to a different website. Basically. 83 go to a different website because I don't think, I don't think your website's good, max. What? This is NFLI Think you got a bad, I don't think that they've updated with all the results yet. Have They updated with all the results, max? Yes. By the way, the, the Titans maybe your 83% was before the Results were updated. Nope. Yeah. No, it was, it was post The, the Titans start was punt, punt, fumble, fumble, 11 penalties in the first half.


And before they ran their ninth or their 10th offensive snap. It was 28. Nothing. Yeah. 10th offensive snap. It was 28. Nothing. Yeah. And, and hey, cliff Kingsbury, I don't know if you listened to the pod or you just listened to literally everybody else, but very first play of the game. He put Terry McClure on the right side of the field. Yeah. Which he's never done this year. And he ran the ball and he ran the ball. He ran the ball. The 39 carries for 246 yards. The big question though is I'm Looking at 85% now. Oh, It just went up in the last two minutes. Yeah. On what website? Maybe because the, the Niners are losing, Could be Pf t's on Microsoft paint Right now. Yeah, I was just making my own graphic right here.


Look At this. He was just typing and he was just drawing his own 85%, 2% soupy. Whoa. I'm liking that. I'm not thinking soupy though. I'm not Max. All, all along. You literally just said soupy. I said I'm reading the stream Inside by, by saying the word soupy. That you, you were thinking about the word Soupy. You literal spent Thanksgiving thinking about soupy. That's true. I made, I made a soupy. Yeah. Yeah. Max, are you worried? No. Oh, that I, I can read, I can read Max a little bit. That's, It's Commanders looked awesome Today. I I can read Max a little bit. You were, They played the fucking Titans. Okay. But they looked awesome. You were, you were, you Struggled with the Ravens. You were Rooting pretty hard For the basically the same thing. I Thought that Max was rooting for the Bucks today because he would rather play the bucks in the playoffs.


No, they lost the bucks. Yeah. We talk about get smoked by the Bucks. They've lost their last like a million games to the Bucks. They, they, they lose the bucks both now and historically. Yeah. I'm just looking forward to our, our, our game coming up on December 22nd Max. I'm hoping that gets flexed to Monday night. I I feel like it could. I I will be there no matter what. How are you guys? Hank and PFT We're great. Yeah. I haven't talked, we haven't discussed anything. Do You wanna discuss? I don't wanna talk to Hank right now. No, I mean, I, I, I said I, I picked the Titans today and I, I admitted that I let p fts hatred and meanness and ugliness towards me cloud my judgment.


Oh. And, and his hate turned into me. See now You're, I'm Your head rent Free. And I, yeah. I, I admit it. And, and it was a good bounce back. The, the commander showed me a lot, probably a bad bet. And that's it. It was never personal. So I don't know why it's gotta be. How, How, how happy would you have been if the Titans won this game? That would've been quite some potting. Yeah. I would've been pretty happy. I mean, there's three teams that are a game back in the lost column. Yeah. 85 percent's a lock Stop at Hank. 85%. Hank and I Yeah. We're at each other's throats. Don't talk. He wishes nothing but the worst for me. That's not true. I root for Hank all the time.


I Got the Commander's Super Bowl future. I appreciate that, Hank, you're a Good guy. Wait, yeah. You're eight and five in the Bucks. Oh, maybe that's the And the Cardinals, the Rams 85. He was saying six and six. Is that what it was? You're just looking at the Commander's record. Here go. Yeah. So if the Bucks Cardinals and Rams won next week, they would all be one game out. That would be, that would be bad. It would be bad. You gotta root against that. Hard. It would be bad. You gotta root against that. Hard. It says, yeah, it says right here, 85% At the Saints. You, your schedule's. It's not bad. No, it's, it basically, it might come down to what type of Cowboys team's Going.


It might come down to the Cowboys. It might come down to Kirk Cousins revenge game. Yeah. Or Michael Pennix Or Michael Pennix revenge Game. Yeah. For not drafting him. Yeah. Alright. Well I'm happy that you guys are back together kind of. Yeah. The offense looked really good today and our defense looked good. Or Hank Yeah. The offense looked good. The Offense looked Good. Yeah. Say something nice about the Commanders. They look great. Jane, Jane Daniels played great. I also Pepsi Rookie of the week, I also let it cloud my fantasy. I benched 'em on fantasy too. And I was regretting, Oh no, no. This is a great subplot that you, you were in p fts head and then now it's been reversed. But I'm going back.


Bet I'm going, I'm going back to passively hating. I won. I'm not gonna be betting against the Commanders. Okay. If they lose, I'm not gonna be mad, but I'm not gonna be putting my chips in the, on the table. Got it. I don't think I got into Hank's head. I think Hank got into his own head Rent free. Well, no, you were just so mean to me that I was like, yeah, I don't wanna see this guy happy. I now I now I want them to Lose You live rent free in your own head. The Commanders looked very good today. They did. They you get credit for killing bad teams. Yeah, they did. The defense looked pretty good too. Everything we needed a get right game because we'd look real bad over the previous three weeks. So now, now I get a buy. Now I get a, a stress free week of football. Yeah. Which I'm looking forward to. Yeah. The the buys are not having to watch your team on a Sunday.


Well, I mean, your team has been fun, But you have three teams that are chasing you. So you, it's not stress free. Max Is sounds like you're stressed out Max. No, it, it just doesn't make sense to me. Yeah. There will be some stress. I have stress. I feel good. I feel good because of the way that we played today. Now I'm like, it's like Magic. You lost to Cooper Rush and the Cowboys Last week. Yeah. No, you don't get it. It's a magic wand. This game happened now everything's fine. It was the fucking Titans. Yeah. Tight. Did you hear when I said that day of the second best defense in the NFL Sick. It's the Titans. Okay. They beat the Texans. They're, they also have four wins. True. Three wins, three and nine.


Congratulations. Listen, I I am, I'm happy. You're not gonna steal my happiness. Don't be a don't be an energy vampire mask. Don't Steal his happiness. Allow Me to get, I just want, I just want expectations. Jerry turned to him when he was up 28. Nothing. He was like, is this even fun for you? It's like, I I wanna be like, Jerry, what are you talking about? Yeah. It was a lot of fun. So much fun. It was a lot of fun. I wanted Marcus Mario to get in for the second half. Play against the old team, the Sickos and perverts. If they had to write a script. Yeah. It Would be the Rams catching the Commanders. Hank getting to laugh in pf t's face and then the Rams winning the Super Bowl and I'm losing my pinky. Yep. Honestly, I like that. I like the sound of that. Not from just an entertainment aspect.


Pretty good work. Pretty good work script. Right. And the Rams beat the Eagles along the way so that you get that as well. Yeah. Where, where I where like I could just envision it a a a podcast where I'm like in mid-January where I'm like, max, your team stink. The Rams beat you. And he's like, you're gonna lose your fucking Pinky. Your Rams beat the Chargers in the Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. The Rams beat the Chargers in the Super Bowl. Okay. That'll Probably happen. Yeah. Let's take another break. And we got three more early games you wanna talk about. Yeah.


Before we get to the other games, they're brought to you by our good friends over at Aura Frames. If you're shopping this holiday season, I know that you are. Check out Aura Frames. The holidays are all about connecting with loved ones. There's no better way to do that than with a digital picture frame from Aura Wirecutter called it the Best Digital Picture frame. It's easy to see why you can upload your favorite pics of the family to One Frame and relive all those happy moments again. Or you can share big news like a new addition to the family. Maybe if that's not personal enough, you can even upload a video message to play on the frame as soon as they plug it in. So the first thing they hear is your voice and how much you love 'em. That's a great gift for somebody that you love. It's also a great gift if you're a troll and you want to give it to somebody with preloaded pictures of ways to make fun of them. Either way. Solid hol holiday gift from Aura Frames. For a limited time visit Aura Frames dot com. That's a URA frames.com. Get 45 bucks off auras bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code PMT at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code PMT. That's exclusive. Black Friday. Cyber Monday Deal is their best of the year. So don't miss out 45 bucks off Terms and conditions apply.


These games are also brought to you by Better Help. This podcast is sponsored by Better Help. How do you stay cozy during the winter months? For some wrapping up in a blanket with a mug of hot chocolate or watching a movie with family is the best way to spend the month of December therapy's a great way to bring yourself some comfort that never goes away, even when the season changes. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give Better help. Try. I've tried therapy in the past. It's helped me. It could help you. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. Find Comfort this December with Better Help. Visit better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/pmt.


Okay. Colts 25 Patriots. 24. Hank. Yeah. Basically exactly what we said in the preview. It was a fun game to watch. 'cause the Pat defense is so bad. Anthony Richardson looked really good. Drake may played, he played he, he played well. He looked like a, a quarterback. He won the game. His game-winning drives. He's had two game-winning drives the last three weeks that I've been very impressed with. Yeah. And he was, he was running the ball. He was managing the game. He didn't look like he was completely lost out there like he has against other teams. Drake may played well. I don't know. I wanted them to win. Yeah, you did. Joey Sly almost hit that kick.


He, he missed a 25 yard. He missed a 25 yarder by 45 yards somehow. And then yeah, they tried to kick a 65 yard field goal. 68. 68. Yeah. Almost hit it. Tried for an NFL record. You guys Like doubled up their yardage too and just, they just couldn't win the game in the end. Shane Steichen deserves a lot of credit for going for two. Yeah. Respect of that move. That was a ballsy move. So there was a rumor that Juan Soto was gonna be the keeper of the light before the game. What? There's a rumor out there about That from Jerry Robs Instead it was Kofi Kingston. Oh, WWE Superstar. WW Legend. Got It. Yeah. So good company. Hank. Yeah. I thought Anthony Richard. I mean it's the same thing every time where some, some of his passenger drops his, he had one interception was very bad.


He's, you know, he threw for like a hundred yards and he was, and he started three for three and ended up 12 for 24. But his game winning drives, there's a lot of credit and that's where I'm like, oh okay. I could see it but I'm also not gonna be like, man, he diced them up. Yeah. Did you, do you always wanna beat the Colts? Does that still run your blood? No, the Colts are, I mean they've, they have a rivalry with us. We don't really have a rivalry with them. Yeah. It's worse. Rivalries back On pain Manning years even now is a rivalry. But we've won most of those games. And then, you know, Andrew Luck to FLA Gate. Those are all domination. I mean the Mayo, the Mayo thing is gonna be the interesting team with, the interesting thing with this team is they're so undisciplined, there's so many penalties and they don't play good defense.


So why do they keep him around as a head coach? That will be the question moving forward, off season, et cetera. I feel like they're gonna stick with him, but it doesn't make sense to me. I feel like they might stick with him be because Robert Kraft would think that that's a bad look for him to fire a coach after one year. Yeah. Yeah. And there was, there's video, you know, there's videos of him being like, I knew he was gonna be the next Patriots head coach five years ago. And it's like, what? Why, what? That was right, right after the Patriots won the Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. That's weird. Yeah. And Drake may played well that 41 yard run was awesome. Inter And the interception. The interception wasn't his fault. Inter, that was a Madden glitch. Yeah, that was literally a Madden glitch where the ball fell on a guy who was on the ground and someone picked it up off of him.


Yeah. It was a good pass. Yeah. So disappointing in the loss, but everything's okay. Yeah. Fun loss. How's the Celtics doing? Celtics lost Today. Yeah. Fourth quarter lead collapsed injuries. Jalen Brown, Derek White didn't play. Yeah, they lost. Damn. Yeah. I'm sorry. How are they looking in the sanding Probably second place. Yeah. Any That's fine. Any good, good teams that are looking pretty hot. I mean they lost to the calves. The calves are in first, but I, we played 'em in the playoffs. We'd probably sweep 'em again. Would you be afraid of the Bucks? I'm not afraid. Six game winning streak.


Healthy Giannis. I'd be a formidable opponent. I wouldn't be afraid. I'm not, Celtics aren't afraid of anyone. The Healthy Celtics beat anyone. That was funny what the CELs did to the Bulls on Friday when they, they were playing for the NBA cup and they hit that three at the end for Point Differential. Hauser Hauser hit head funny. Felt bad about him. Yeah, it was very funny. But that's what the NBA cup does. You gotta get the point Differential just means more. How are the Sixers doing on their race to get to 10 wins? I think we So you, we said by Christmas. Yeah. What if we, What if we beat the Celtics on Christmas? Does that count as one of the 10? That would be a win. Yeah. I'm gonna count You, I'm gonna count that as that's four wins.


Yeah, yeah. No, but like Christmas day. But it's at the start of Christmas Day or the end of Christmas. End Of Christmas Day. Okay, so then we, we can afford one loss. Wait, what? Who I think we have to get the start of the Christmas day then We'd have to win every game. I think. I think, No, I think that game should count as more than one win. Okay. It's A big game. It's on Christmas. Yeah. So, yeah, no it's bad. You, You have the opportunity to ruin Hank's Christmas, beat the Pistons yesterday. You know what a gift that Is. Wow. I mean, there's no way, like we might lose that game by 50. Yeah. Is Jola going to, is he gonna play? I I want him to get surgery on his knee and just Clean It up. Just Clean it up. Just get the whole thing. Just Clean it up. Take the air Off.


Oh geez. Wow. Cooper flag. And then we're back next Year. You opted out. You opted out. No, I, I I told you I opted back in. You can't do it How it works. Already opted in By the way, the Colts we should say. So I love the Shane Steichen move going for two 'cause he just, you gotta keep, you gotta win right now if you're the Colts, they basically, their season comes down to, to, they have a buy and then their game against the Broncos. If they can beat the Broncos, they legitimately could go to the playoffs. Yeah. Because that is the team right ahead of them. And the end of their season is Titans Giants Jaguars. So watch out for the cults. It would be awesome for Anthony Richardson to get like, there are, I'll say this 'cause I know I've been harsh on Anthony Richardson.


I know that the Anthony Richardson fans have been like, you've been so mean. I feel like I've only said facts, but the game-winning drives against the Jets and the Patriots both have me being like, you know what, keep, keep running him out there and see if he can, he can figure this out. Hank. If it was any other quarterback that won the game against you. And then did the Fortnite l dance in your face? Would you be upset? Mm. I don't know. I mean, when you're, it's, it's that type of type of stuff gets you upset when you're, when you're a good team and you're like fighting for something. Yeah. We're in Tanka on mode. It's like, who cares? You did leave the room very abruptly. I mean, I had, I had a big, I had a big, which it would've been more devastating when the Celtics lost.


I had a big Patriots brew in Celtics. 'cause they all play today. Parlay. Ah, That lost. Ah, Okay. So I noticed that. And now you're four. Yeah. You're fourth. You're picking fourth. Who do you want Travis Hunter. I know you're a big college football guy. Yeah. I don't know. I gotta, I gotta do some more analyst analysis. You gotta do more analysts. Analyst. You do a little more analyst. Analyst thing. All right. Speaking of who's picking first, You should do that. You should make a, you should make a big board. Hank Lytics. Hank Lytics Drake may look good. That's all that you gotta keep saying to yourself. And the interception was definitely not his fault. That was an insane, like how does that happen? Type of interception.


Speaking of who's picking first? The Jaguars. Texans 23. Jaguars 20. This was basically just the Trevor Lawrence. Holy shit. He got rocked game because Aziza Cher here. That was as bad of a pick or bad of a hit, as we've seen in a long time. Yeah. Head bounced off the ground after Starting his slide going in forearm. So shitty. This, This is why it's so fucked up when Patrick Holmes is a fake slide. Yeah. Because you're like, oh, he is not really down. And granted, Trevor Lawrence was very clearly going To the ground. This one, he was very much down On this one. Yes. It was a very dirty hit. So much so. In fact, that Dko Ryan's after the game basically threw his guy under the bus.


It was like, we don't coach that. Well, I mean, that was, that also hurt their defense because the second half of the Jaguar Mack Jones had a little bit of a comeback. Made it a close game. But yeah, that was, that was bad. And then we had, I, the Jaguars credit to the Jaguars, they wanted to fight right away. Yeah. That was awesome. And then Jaguars fans started throwing shit at 'em. I actually think that's okay in that, given those circumstances. I agree. I also, like when, when Aziz Shahir hit him, he bounced up immediately was like, I didn't do it. Yeah. I didn't do anything wrong. Like what? And then was greeted by like four sets of cleats. Yeah. It looked like biz in Scottsdale. Yeah. They all wanted to fight him. Which they, that was good that they all had his back. He got Boot fucked. Yeah. It was, that was a bad, bad hit. It was a bad hit.


And the, I still don't really believe in the Texans, but if they're gonna win football games by just feeding Joe Mixon, then I think that they're a pretty good team. Yeah. He ice That. But, but they're still like, I've got my doubts about Him. Yeah. He iced out that game. Their offense looked a little bit better. 'cause they, they didn't C Dard had time for once. Yeah. He only got sacked twice. They didn't have a ton of penalties. Their defense is what was bad in the, in the th fourth quarter. But Mack Jones was bringing them back. I was actually shocked when I tuned into this game and looked at the screen for the first time that Doug Peterson is still their coach. Oh yeah. I was surprised. He just, I knew he hadn't been fired yet. But is he the most pre-fire person in NFL history? Yeah. I think Sean Conn was just like, I don't really wanna do this right now.


Yeah. Like, I'll just wait till the end of the season. Why, why, why even do this? Yeah. Hank, what just happened? Your eyes got real big. Matt Collin Scored a touchdown, Had a many time touchdown score. There we go. 'cause of no shoes. Because of no shoes. Yeah. No shoes. Yeah. He's a dog. Pills are fucking good. We'll talk about that game when it ends. By the way, max has reached his a DD portion where he's, he just stuck a quarter to his head for like five minutes. It's very weird. Yeah. I don't believe in the Texas either. Yeah. And the Jaguars is Changing his mind. Sit Trevor Lawrence for the rest of the year, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's no reason to play him. I Don't see a reason why you would bring him back Tank. And then just basically the Jaguars are like, bury the, bury the tape for the entire season.


If You're the Jaguars, do you then trade the first overall pay? I think you have to, right? Possibly. Yeah. If someone's vying for it. Carolina, yeah. Get a halt. I don't know. Bryce Young is good. I know he is good. Bryce Young is good. He's fucking back. But yeah, sit him and, and just, just Jaguars just go away. Like the Jaguars don't need to be talked about anymore, essentially. Yeah. Just opt Outta the season. We, we should opt out of all Jaguars discourse. Who do they, do they play any meaningful games? Do they have any meaningful opponents left? I guess the, the Colts, but no. Oh, wow. Jaguars left this, we're opting out of the Jaguars. Who do we have officially? The They play the Titans.


Yeah, the Jets, the Raiders, the Titans again. Oh, awesome. Yeah. We've opted outta the Jaguars opt. I'm done. I'm done. Yeah, we're done with the Ja, the Jacksonville Jaguar. Put out a press release. The, the Pardon? My Take is officially done with the 2024 Jacksonville Jaguars and any discourse surrounding them. Love that. Me, we might. And then maybe an asterisk that says, depending on whether week 18, the Colts game has any implications. Memes actually says, brings up a good point. He says that this is actually massive for Tanka, hon. Yeah. All of those games are huge tanka on games. Yeah. Huge. I guess So we're opted back in. We'll update Tank. We'll update Tanka hon.


Okay. In, in lieu of doing the Jaguars recap. Correct. That's good. That's good. We'll just do a tanka thon segment. Yeah. Draft talk. That's when we'll talk about the Jaguars. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We will officially stop doing game recaps for the Jaguars games. We'll just have it be the Tanka athon games. I like that. Okay. Last game of the early slate Seahawks. 26 Jets, 21 memes. Try not to give eye contact. This was memes. Where do you wanna start? This was one of the greatest first quarters of all time by any football team ever. Okay. 'cause I didn't know if you wanted to start with that, where the Seahawks had two fumbles on kickoffs and also gave up a 99 yard kickoff return.


So they were down so fast. So they were down so quickly. I thought maybe you wanted to start with the fact that Gino Smith was playing the Jets. Mark Sanchez was calling the game. And then someone pointed out that and, and Tannenbaum is doing the coach search and it's just, it was like basically the gang is all back together. Yeah. No, we're the circus. Yeah. Circus came to town. But yeah, that was a incredible start. Incredible. First quarter probably. That's up there with the Mike White game from week eight when we beat the Bengals. Yep. I lost my train of thought. How good the first quarter was. How good the first quarter was in incredible execution.


Devonte Adams, Aaron Rogers slinging it, thought we just needed to buy to get going. I thought the season was saved and, and then he overthrew Garrett Wilson in the end zone. Yeah. That Bad. Oh, that was a bad one. What happened after that? It was a, And then it was a pick six. Leonard Williams and the Game Who, wait, where did he play? Where'd he get drafted? There was a, there was a bridge team in there, But where did he Drafted? Yeah, originally he was really good when he was a rookie. Right. Where'd he get drafted? The Jets. Oh Yeah. So Gino Smith who got drafted by the Jets. He Did, yeah. Him too. But there, And Mark Sanchez got drafted by the Jets. Who was calling The game there? There was a bridge team for all three impact players for the Seahawks.


Who did the, who did Gino Play for? Wait, who's the third impact player? Julian Love. Oh, okay. Because the fumble and Breeze Hall. And they were all on the Giants In between. Oh, Okay. What did you make in the news coming out before the game that Aaron Rogers is unlikely to return. I was like, all right, we'll move on. And then that first quarter happened. I was like, all right, let's just run it back. Restructure, run it back. Yeah. Yeah. What about, he did Say he's in the best shape of his life physically. Yeah. He said, well I should, I should change that. He said he feels the best that he's ever felt physically in his life. Feels The best he's ever felt physically. And this is a man who's done a lot of awesome drugs that make you feel really good physically. So it makes sense based on that first quarter.


And then you saw the deterioration throughout the game when he overthrew Devonte Adams on that fourth down, he overthrew Garrett Wilson. There was just a lot of timing mishaps. Yeah. That if we had a four years younger Aaron Rogers, it would be unreal. Yeah. So he said that not only is the, the health he felt for a while, but he also said, when asked about like whose fault it is, he said there's 11 guys on the field. Sometimes it's my fault. And then sometimes the details aren't there in some other spots too. Mm. Sounds like he thinks it's other people's faults. Yeah, I saw that quote. A lot of it is his fault. Oh yeah. Well it means I got a bad stat for you.


Unfortunately this game brought Aaron Rogers out of the top five in EPA per play this year. Damn. All the way down to 23rd. Oh Damn. This game. Well I assume he was top five before that. Yeah, He was top five in everything. Everything. This Is at one point he was top five. This is A, a terrible second half collapsed for the Jets. Yeah. After their offense started the season off looking so good. Yeah. Yeah. You guys just keep bringing up bad stats. I actually, alright, memes. I got something that will maybe cheer you up. I found a bad stat and then it ended up being, it was basically like call the ambulance but not for me. Meme where, you know, the guy could pulls a gun because Aaron Rogers has not thrown for 300 yards in 34 games.


And then I went to look it up and obviously the last time he did it was against the Bears. Yeah. 2021 we thirteen, twenty, twenty one. So call the ambulance. But for Me, yeah, it was, I've been aware that's that. Yeah. So memes what also Aaron Rodgers had the ball with a chance to win the game with a field goal or touchdown five times this year. Over five memes though, since we're on the talk of memes, walk us through Gino Smith after the game posted the meme of like, you know, dressed up for my hater for my hater's funeral. That meme. Yep. You were upset. Yeah. It's fucked up. Talk shit when, when it's even score.


Oh Wait, So that's the Michael Jordan Meme? Yeah. That is okay. Yeah. Talk shit when it's even score you won. Go back to Seattle, go fuck yourself and that's it. Mm. Okay. So he stopped. You're his biggest hater. Yeah. And today was your funeral We're not his biggest hater. And he stopped. Charities are his biggest hater. Oh, oh God. On what? Why do charities, The reason why it didn't work out on the Jets is because he Didn't Show up to a charity event and he got punched in the face. Yeah. And then Ryan Fitzpatrick had the second greatest season in Jets history. So they gave Ryan Fitzpatrick a new contract. They, they believed in him and Ryan Fitzpatrick got fat and sucked. Which whoa, he did? Yeah. Okay. Because he held out out For more money, which set a rip fat For more food to where we are now.


So Gino Smith not showing up to a charity event. Set the Jets back 10 years to this moment. Okay. And And we're sure that he did not show up to the charity event. That's exactly what happened. Yep. He bought him a plane ticket and he just Didn't show up and punched. Yeah. Memes face me memes replied, Hey Gino, respectfully go fuck yourself. Yeah, he's badass. Seems Like you're not happy. Would you like him to be the next Jets quarterback? No. Good question, max. So given the, given the opportunity, you would say no to Gino Smith? No. I don't think you're in a place to be able to do that. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. I mean, we've got, You're gonna have to say yes to Gino, Kirk Cousins. You would say yes to him. I think you'd probably say yes to Derek car. Sam Darn he said yes to. Yeah. Yeah.


Derek Carr. I think he's a free agent. Or he's, he's gonna be out of New Orleans probably next year. Yeah. Oh, Derek Carr will be a wild ride. Oh my God. A Wild ride. What a wild ride we got Derek car Boys. Yeah. Derek Carr. I'd do Derek Carr. You Would? Yeah. Oh, you Would do Geno Smith? No. You should say, You should say yes to Geno Smith. No Bad guy. You should say yes to Gino Smith. You Love memes. You literal literally love memes. That's, He's a bad guy. You're just, you're jealous I think Of what He MeMed you. Yeah, exactly. He used your weapons against you. That's a good point. That's why I brought it up. 'cause I was like, oh, memes got MeMed.


He's gotta be pissed about this. Yeah. But do do it before the game. Everybody talks after. You can't do that before the game. Yeah. Be a man. But it doesn't make sense before The game before. Yeah. That doesn't make sense. Before the game. If, If they're your biggest hater, talk your shit before the game. But that, That's not the funeral. Yeah. He, he, he killed them. He would So wear all black going into The game. The Jets were all black today. That's true. How'd you like those uniforms? I love those uniforms. Aaron Rodgers looked very, very depressed in, in that uniform. Wore that. He looked like a more, that turtleneck. Yeah. He looked like a French painter from the 17 hundreds. Yeah. He should, he should just retire. Well, so he wants to play next year, I think.


But according to the Jets, he's not gonna be back. I've got just something I'm gonna toss out there. 'cause it, I, to me it makes sense. Aaron Rogers on the Rams next year. Mm. What happened to Matt Safford Jet? Matt Safford might. Oh, he might retire. Okay. I don't hate it. I feel like he would want to play for McVay and I feel like McVay would look at him and be like, I've done it before. People are saying Aaron Rogers Titans, Aaron Rogers, Titans another, The house in Nashville. And that does feel like he would be, that kind of fits his vibe. Yeah. I feel like he do some Yeah. He feels like Nashville. Well think about it. So he got close to Woody Johnson because of the vaccine. Right. To try to bring down the Jets from the inside.


He might make his next, next mission to destroy the entire state of California. Ooh, That's true. Yeah, That's True. As for the Seahawks, they're in the lead for the NSC West. And I'm starting to believe, Yeah. Again, I, I can't figure the Seahawks out at all. Not their goal line offense is so frustrating. It's not even week to week. It's it's quarter to quarter. Yeah. Yeah. No, this was a, the beginning of this game was just a comedy of errors. Yeah. For the Seahawks. And I don't know what, I think they probably gotta get Lacus Chana not returning kicks anymore. 'cause that the fum, the second fumble where he almost fumbled and then fell down and then just threw the ball.


Yeah. They, they, they are hard to figure out. And they had like that they, that goal line offensive set where it felt like they ran a hundred plays and they ended up on like the 20 yard line. Yeah. So what's the Seahawks schedule here? I think they still have a lot of NFC West. Right. I think they have to play the Rams and Cardinals again at least. So that should be, they should duke it out. Figure this whole thing out on the field. I got About two and three. Two and Three, two and three in their next five. Oh no. So that's probably not going to the Playoffs. Right? I don't know. Two and three in their next five is gonna be tough. Their two wins are against the Cardinals and the Rams. Oh No. They're gonna beat the Bears. I don't know why you would say that as a loss.


Oh, they do have a tough, tough schedule though. They needed this game today. That was a huge win for them. Yeah. Yeah. Packers, Vikings both at Home and Cardinals. Rams and Bears. They should probably beat the Bears. Although that might be of the Bears last win or next win. Next and last win. Yeah. Both combo win. Alright, so memes. What are we looking at Tanka on? Yeah, the first round pick. I mean, first overall pick. You're, you think you can get the first overall pick. We are the anti Chiefs and manage to lose every single game. Doesn't matter how we just figure out a way. Yeah. You have three wins. Yeah. You're, you're, you're not getting the first pick buddy.


Why not? Because The Giants, Raiders and Jacks and the Jaguars. One of those teams not winning another game. Maybe the Giants, You're not getting the first pick. Are you taking a quarterback? I don't. There are no quarterbacks. What do You mean Shado? No, Kim Ward. No. Carson Pak. Gar. Oh, I found is Georgia. You don't want that. You don't want that memes. No, you don't want that Memes. If you look at Carson Peck, This is great. Tall, big arm. Kind of stupid. This is great. There's One of, there's one of those in the AFC East right now. Oh, stop it. Stop it. Don't do that.


Who are you talking about? Talking about Josh Allen. He's saying Carson Peck is Josh Allen. Josh Allen. That's insane. Allen. The, not, not the athleticism of Josh Allen, but those Wait, say the all and stupid. Say stupid. Josh Allen's not stupid By the way. There used to be a meme that it was just like if Josh Allen wasn't stupid and it would just be like highlights of Tom Brady. Josh Allen's not stupid though. He's actually, you guys said He go full Josh Allen. Yeah. He goes crazy. He Goes crazy. Crazy's. Different than stupid. That's totally different. That's not stupid. No, No. No big difference between being Cra Crazy is crazy Rocks Crazy stupid. Josh Allen is. Yeah. Yeah. When he goes full Josh Allen, he's like, I'm Josh Allen, I can do anything. Yeah. It's not really stupid. It's just like too much confidence.


You ever date a stupid chick? No. You ever date a crazy chick? Yes. Crazy Chick's fault. It's, they're called the Jets. It a crazy chick every fall. Oh, memes. Yeah. Zenbeck. I could also get behind Jalen Row. Okay. But our No. What? No, no. He's so fast. Wait, What? He's Yes. Fast. He's fast. No memes is right. No, me and memes is right. He is. There are moments where if we had a mobile cor quarterback this year. Mobile. No memes. Memes. One that's Hanging from the season From that will not let you draft Jalen bi row. You cannot do that. Not First round. Not first round. I know, but still Bluman wants NUS Meyer.


Oh yeah. He's sussy for Nussy. Yep. Okay. Nus Meyers. He's got a hose. All right. Let's, let's do a couple ads and then we'll get to our afternoon games. Or one ad. One ad before we get to


the afternoon. Games are brought to you by our great friends over at Three Chi. I'm not a drug guy, but I am a three Chi guy. You know, we only bring you the best. And Three Chi is exactly that. Three cheese's, premium cannabis products are lab tested, legal, straight up fire. And now they've added flour to their lineup. That's right. They got potent cannabis flour with the same effects you get from a dispensary. Available right now@threeg.com. Whether you're looking to chill after a long day, focus up on a project or just kick it with friends. Three cheese's got what you need. And if flour's not your thing, they have vapes, gummies, drinks, and more to get you where you're looking to go. And the best part is, it's legal and delivered right to your door. No hassle, no stress, no dealing with dispensary lines, no shady dealers. Just fire weed when you need it. You don't have to worry about going over to your friend's, friend's house, making awkward conversation with 'em while you're waiting for them to come out. Right now they have a monster, 30% off everything sale going on now through Cyber Monday. Get it delivered straight to your door. Go to three g.com. Stock up for everything you need to keep you going through the holidays. Again, that's the number three CH i.com. They've got premium cannabis flour. It's now live order directly@threeg.com. Lab tested, pure, potent, no guessing games, just top tier quality delivered right to your door. It's for anyone who values quality, consistency, and a killer experience. Step up your cannabis game. Shop 3G THCA flower now for top shelf quality. Delivered straight to your door@threechi.com.


Okay. Afternoon games. Bucks 26 Panthers 23 PFT. I have a question for you. Okay. Yes. What happened in those three weeks that Bryce Young got benched? He became him. It's crazy. Yeah. And I know they lost this game, but it wasn't his fault because he had a touchdown drive with 30 seconds left. He had a basically a field goal drive in overtime to win the game if it wasn't for a Hubbard Fumble, which was an incredible strip sack, by the way, by Anthony Nelson. But Bryce Young is a different dude. Dude, he looks good. Bryce Young looks very, very good. He looks comfortable. I think it was like getting benched and then all the, the trade talk and things like that, he realized, oh fuck, I'm gonna have to move.


And then he got a chance to play again. He was like, I don't want to pack up all my shit. This is, I'm playing now, not just for my, I'm playing so that I don't have to move again. Yeah. And I mean the Panthers, they lost this game again. It was not No, I I'm gonna count this as a win for the Panthers. Yeah. Like it's not gonna count in the official standings, but this is as good as a win for the Panthers. But they've officially, I mean my power rankings last week had them graduated officially from ass, which they've been an ass for, I don't know, like 30 consecutive weeks. They are spoiler frisky team that, oh man. Are they building something for next year where, hey, we have Bryce Young, he's not so bad. We could maybe use our first round draft pick and get him a really good receiver or an offensive lineman or someone on defense like they the Panthers.


It's crazy how different the Outlook looks for the Panthers. If Bryce Young is a decent quarterback. Yeah. Maybe it was. Maybe they had him playing scout team safety as the backup quarterback. Yeah. He got to see the offense from a different perspective. It unlocked something and now he's good. All of a sudden this game probably turned out as good as it could for the Panthers because you don't win the game. You don't screw up your draft pick. Bryce Young plays well, he leads you on a game tying drive. Yep. And he doesn't fuck up in overtime. He led you on a game winning drive in overtime. Yeah. And then somebody else, was it Chuba Hubbard that fumbled? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So he didn't screw up the game in overtime that was running back who you already trust and believe in. And it's not like you're gonna look at Hubbard and be like, oh fuck this guy from now on.


No, you, you still like that guy. So it all actually comes out to just as good as a win pretty much for the Panthers. Yeah. And and the Bucks, they needed this game because you have the Falcons losing and now the bucks are tied for the NFC South. They, they lose the tiebreaker obviously to the Falcons 'cause they lost twice to 'em. But the Bucks are very much in the thick of it could not lose this game. Baker was not great today, but they were like, Hey, we're just gonna run Bucky Irving down your throat. And it worked. And shout out Todd Bowles, because I think he is one of the more conservative meek coaches when it comes to in-game decisions and risk taking.


I liked that he tried to get that extra five yards with six seconds left. And they, they ran that like getting the ball back with 30 seconds. They ran those 30 seconds perfectly to get into field goal range to get it into overtime. Because if they had lost this game, I know their season wouldn't be over. But it would've felt over because it was like you just had everything fall in your lap. The Falcons lose their, they're absolutely skidding. You can now take the NFC South. You could even maybe sneak into the playoffs another way. Although the Commanders do have 87% chance, but I believe it's 85. 85. The bucks are, are, are, are like back. They, they had a, like I think the Bucks are a very good team that had a really, really tough stretch of schedule that that fucked 'em up.


Well It coincided with their worst injuries. Yeah. Their worst Injuries at the same time as the worst part of the Schedule. But, but now they have, you know, the only game that is against the team, over 500 left is the Chargers. So they have five games left. They could, let's even say they go four and one that's a 10 and seven record that should potentially win them in the South and if not, could potentially get them into the playoffs another Way. They could. Yeah, they could. The the Bucks. You don't wanna play 'em in the playoffs and all honestly, I feel happy for, for Panthers fans because you get to enjoy watching football again on Sundays. Yeah. Without feeling like a complete degenerate of like just making an appointment for your own torture and then just scheduling out the rest of your day.


You're gonna feel like shit. 'cause you saw a miserable product. But for as for the Bucks, I feel like you might be very frustrated at the end of the season looking back, being like, we were much better team than a record says that there were. And they probably were. I think no matter what happens, I feel like the Bucks by the way that the injuries happened to 'em and even through the injuries they kept playing. Well yeah, but if it weren't for those, then you can definitely point back and say, we should have won this division. If they don't Yeah. The Falcons overtime loss was the one that they'll look back and be like, how did that happen? Because that game could end up deciding everything. But I, I'm a believer in the Bucks. I'm a believer in Baker Mayfield. I think this team is, is poised to go on a run to get into the playoffs. And they, this was the game though.


Like, if they had lost this game, it would've been disastrous for them. It, it wouldn't have been disastrous and like they still would've been very much alive. It was felt disastrous because that's a game that you gotta win and they have the Raiders coming up and you gotta win that one too. And then you're gonna be looking around and being like, Hey, we're, we're okay. Like we might actually win this NFC South because I believe the Falcons have a tougher schedule. 'cause the Fal Falcons play the Viking stacks. It's pretty much a coin flip between the Falcons and the Bucks to win that division right now. And then I'd say a pretty pretty high likelihood that second place in the NFC South is going to get in over an NFC West team. Wait, no PFD if the Falcons get in, you're out.


There is no NFC. The the, you're the, you're the team. How, how do you figure You're the, you're the 17th. Oh, I, I forgot 85% chance. I forgot. I forgot. It's not, I forgot about the, the Vikings and the Packers. Yeah. Yeah. You can't have an NFC. You can't have a second NFC West or a second NFC South team. Okay, go On a run. So right now the bucks are at 50, 40%, 80%, 49%. I'm telling, listen, I'm looking at the spreadsheet right now. It says 85% The Playoffs is the New York Times lying to me. The Playoffs with the needle lying. The Playoffs are, that's, that's your source. The playoffs are set as set Could be in the NFC if, if you're a Commander's fan. It's, it's just the Vikings Packers and Lions are all in and the Eagles.


And then you just have to have it be a one bid league between the NFC West and the NFC South. That's it. Okay. I'll, I'll, If that happens, you're in, I'll be, if it Doesn't, I'll be fully, you're fucked. I'll be fully transparent. I went to nfl.com, I went to ESPN and I went to the New York Times Athletic. They all have calculators. I chose to stay on the one that had myself at the highest percentage. Got it. At 85. Got it. Yeah. No, you you, you're gonna actually have a very big week 17 game against the Falcons. Against the Falcons. Yeah. That could be a a, a shifter of everything. I, If it were up to me and I got to decide the Falcons or the Bucks get in, I would want the Bucks. I want, I wanna watch Correct.


More Bucks football. Yes. Then I wanna watch Falcons Both. Yeah, he said you just said Both. Yeah. Why Not both? Why not both? Why not Both? Do you want to just invite both? No, I don't want, I, no, I I think they're both very like The Seahawks and the Rams. You wanna invite both them? No, I hate them. It's like, it's our previous conversation, like 85% and then you realize those three teams. Yeah. It's the Bucks, the Cardinals, the Rams all sitting there being like, Hey, we want in. Well Here's where I don't get it. And the only Way they get in is if you get out 85% for the Commanders and then the bucks 49%. But that's because of The division Then I know then the Cardinals and the Rams both 35, 20 7%.


Right. 'cause of the division. 'cause of the division. Their path to right now to get in is the division Singular focus. Get into the playoffs Again next week. You just need the Bucks, the Cardinals and Rams to somehow all lose. I don't know who the Cardinals and Rams play. They play each other. That would be good. Well, that'd be good and bad, Ty. That's how, that's how I would probably fuck some shit up. I wasn't would probably break your brain even more. I was rooting hard for a tie in the, in the Bucks Panthers game. It would've been a fun tie. I I like to have one tie per year at least. Just to have that little dash one at the end to fuck everything up with the schedules. Yeah. It looks nice. Who? And then you can just revert back to like the 16 game schedule mindset where you're like, oh, they're gonna finish eight and eight in one.


My brain still kind of fucks up every now with the 1617 game. I, I know that's stupid to say. Cardinals play the Seahawks and the Bills play the Ram the Rams play the bills. So you could get double losses there. All right, let's go Double loss. The Bucks play the Raiders though, so that's probably not gonna be a loss. That's okay. But the Falcons play the Vikings, so that could be a loss. That's good. Yeah. Disaster. It's All gonna work out next week is if the Falcons, if somehow the Falcons Bucks Cardinals and Rams all won, you know what you should do is you should parlay all four of them. It's, it's gonna work out Just, just as like a, a like anti don't lose the Bi-week parlay. Yeah. Don't lose the bi-week parlay. Just bet all four of those teams to win.


So if you somehow, if they somehow do you at least want a huge Bet, listen, we control our own destiny. You do probably control your own destiny. Yes. Definitely went definitely control your own destiny out. That's all you can ask for this time of year. Yeah. You control your own destiny. Don't lose the game that you shouldn't, don't lose a game you're not supposed to lose. I don't plan on it. That's really what it comes down to. 'cause aren't your, aren't your games besides the Eagles. Pretty easy Saints win. Falcons win. Thank you Hank. Yeah. The Eagles. That's a toss up. Cowboys Win. Well, Yeah, you can't say that. You can't say anymore revenge. Just don't lose the game you're supposed to win. I won't, I won't. You actually, you know what you should do is you, you get the Saints are a must win.


You have to win that game. Yeah. If you beat the Saints, I think you'll be good. The Saints are a must win. The Saints a must win. Yeah. Because if you lose the Saints game, you're in deep Dodo. Yeah. Then we gotta beat the Eagles. Yeah. Right. Yep. Yeah. Saints are a must win Must win next week or two weeks from now. But yeah, the Bucks, I, I, I agree with you. I'd like the bucks to be in the playoffs. They're, they're fun. They'll, they'll cause some havoc also. The Bucks, if you go off the BCS model, the Bucks do have two very good wins. 'cause they beat the Lions and the Eagles. Yeah. So they have two of the most impressive wins in the entire season. Yeah. I mean, they're a very good team when they play well. I, I also like rooting for Bucky. He's, he's fun to cheer on.


Yeah. Bucky Irving. It's fun. Okay. Also, Stephen Sha being Disavowed by the Bucks was great. Although he had the ultimate Stephen Chave spin zone. He is like, if I'm no longer a Bucks fan, then that means I'm eligible for the Ring of Honor. So, and he actually meant that, but Also the person that would put him in the, the Ring of Honor is the person who disavowed him from being a Vox fan. Yes. Yes. Okay. Rams 21 Saints 14. I feel like this was the end of Rizzi Ball. We had the first half where the Saints defense was flying around. The Rams couldn't do anything. It was actually the first time that Sean McVay's been shut out in a first half in his career. And then Matthew Safford woke up and so did Kyron Williams and he started throwing darts everywhere.


And Izzy Ball is maybe dead. I feel like as Tso Hill goes, so goes Rizzie ball. Yeah. And so he got hurt, he got carted off. Hope he's okay. But that's really, Rizzie was leaning heavily into just using Tsum all the time. Yeah. And yeah, you're not gonna be able to do that now. And I feel like the Saints are the Saints without Tasso Hill and Rizzie as the coach to me, are the exact same team as the Saints with Tasso Hill and Dennis Allen as a coach. Yes, I'd Agree with that. Just kind of not fun and boring. Also, Florida State has one victory this year. Jared verse should win defensive rookie of the year. He's a beast. And he ended this game. No. Oh. Oh. Cooper Deje.


Quin Mitchell. Quin Mitchell. Yeah, that's true. And Cooper. But they'll, they'll split votes. They'll probably split votes. But the Rams are back alive. Yeah. Very much. They Needed this win badly. Very. I, And it looked in the first half, like they weren't gonna get it. And I have no idea what's gonna happen in that division. It's just a log jam. Would You, what? What about the Seahawks and Rams getting it? Yeah. They, you could get two teams in. You could squeak two teams in. It's a possibility. Everyone would hate it if that happened. Could be two teams from that division. This is boy math and I'm failing at it right now. The, it will actually, I feel like the NFC West is going to weirdly be decided by how much fight the 49 ERs have left.


Yeah. 'cause if The 49 ERs, the 49 ERs already played the Seahawks twice. If they, if they kind of quit, they have the Rams and Cardinals left that could help the Rams and Cardinals. I'm just looking at it like, if you were in a bad situation, like you were running from the cops and you and your buddies had one coach from the NF or from the NFC West that had to help you get out of the jam, who would that be? And that would probably be Sean McVay. Yeah. Although I feel like, I feel like Jonathan Gannon would do something weird. He's got some connects in the underground. Yeah. I Feel like Jonathan Gannon would come up with a plan that would work like one out of a hundred times. But when it works, it would be incredible. Sean McVay would be kind like a better call Saul, like a shady ass lawyer.


Yeah. That could get you off on a technicality. Jonathan Gannon would be like, Hey, let's just hide like under this inflatable pool. Yeah. And, or like, let's hide in this trash can. And it would work one out of a hundred times. And then all the other nine, nine times they'd have the dogs and they would get you Kyle Shannon would be like, let's call my dad. Yeah. Gosh. He'll get us outta this. Kyle Shannon would Just choke. Not actually, yeah. Not a bad strategy. Just like get your dad on the case. But this is, it's a fucked up division. Oh, weird Jared versus actually the odd Ozon favorite. Oh Yeah. What minus? Oh, he's minus one 10. Oh, Okay. So that's, it wasn't crazy for me to say that. I mean, you said he's the rookie of the year. He is Minus one 10. I said he might win Rookie Defensive rookie of the year.


No, no. You said he is the, the defensive rookie of the year. Oh, okay. Minus one 10. All right. So you know what, I'll say that he is the defensive rookie of the year. All right. We'll see, We will say that's why they play the games. That's why they play the games. That's why they play the games. Buddy. Cooper de Jean's gonna get split votes. That's your problem. People are gonna want to vote for Cooper. Yeah. I I the Rams or another team where it'd be fun to see them in just 'cause Matthew Stafford, anything is possible with Matthew Stafford One last ride. It's, it's basically when he just turns it on. He's like, the, the first half was, was so bad for the Rams. And then he is like, yeah, you know what? I'm Matthew Stafford. Lemme do this. Play action and let me hit everyone. Oh yeah. I have Cooper Cup and I have pka, Kuah, DeMarcus Robinson was getting big passes.


He's down the field. Alright. I think that's all the games, right? I think that's it. Yep. All right. So who's back in the week? Who's back in the week? It's fine. There's not much to say for the Last one. Okay, let's do it. Eagles are really Good. All right. Let's do it. Bill's 35. Niners 10. All right, ma. Max Eagles. 24 Ravens. 19. I think the Eagles might be for real If they beat the Panthers. Well they, I mean they only beat the Ravens by five. Yeah. It was a close game. Max was so mad at the end. He's like, I want, I don't want them to score so people would think it was close. Yeah. You want it to be double digits. You Wanted the, you wanted the casuals, the box score Watchers to, to be like, Hey.


Yeah, we beat 'em 24 12 people who read the newspaper for their, for their scores. Instead they see 24 19, they're like, Ooh, tight one. It wasn't a tight one. No it wasn't. Eagles are awesome. Saquon Barkley is incredible. Tell us everything Max. I mean, there's not really much to say. The Eagles are what they are. They start off slow and then by the end of it, the defenses just get worn down by Saquon and he just goes off in the third and fourth quarter. Yeah. So it's just like their defense is elite. The defense is incredible. Real Vic fan Jill. I wish I could, I wish I could say that they held on the 12 points. Yeah. Like 12 sounds so much better.


12 is be And Justin Tucker though. Justin Tucker's, he's washed. He actually sucks. You actually need to cut him. I think if you were rape. So Harbaugh said that he wasn't gonna do, he wasn't gonna like kick him out. Now what Justin Tucker should have done is like four weeks ago, faked an injury. Yeah. You can't, you can't get cut. You're gonna make, you're gonna make John Harbaugh cut you. He doesn't want to have to cut you. This is an old yeller situation. Yes. Where he will shoot you in the head behind the shed if you let this drag out far enough and just don't make him do that. He doesn't wanna do that. You don't want that to happen. But it's bad 'cause it's, everyone knows it's an issue. And the Ravens are gonna gonna hopefully be playing in big time playoff games. And it's an issue.


He should, it went from a sure thing. This is our secret weapon to a very big issue. Just make up an injury for yourself. Yeah. You get a bad groin. It's, it's bad. It's an issue. It's an issue. Yeah. It's really, so right now he's, this year he is kicking at 73%, which is 36th in the NFL. Mm. So he is worse than every starting kicker in the NFL. Mm. And then what five backups worse than those guys. That's really bad. It's bad. That's really bad. Your point today it is gonna be, it's gonna be a problem for him in the playoffs. Yeah. It's gonna be a very big problem. Do we want to do narratives on MVP? Lamar lost it today.


Saquon and Josh Allen two man race. I Don't wanna say I, I say yet. I just like to just be knee jerk. I mean, I don't think he actually lost it. 'cause he could, he could probably, depending on if he has primetime games, whichever. That's really what it comes down to. You just have to be a one or two seed and have enough primetime games at the end to have everyone be like, oh shit, he's the best. Yeah. Even if even a great Thursday night game would help at this point. Yeah. As, as somebody that has a future on Lamar Jackson win win MVP. I don't wanna say it's a two horse race just yet, but I will say it's not looking good. No, No. It's not looking good. No, because, not because Lamar's playing bad. It's that Josh and Saquon are playing.


Incredible. Saquon had another a hundred, a hundred plus yards. Is he, is he, is he on 2K Watch? Oh yeah. Big time. Right? Big time. 2K Watch. What, what is he at right now? Are you gonna make a shirt for 2K? Sure. Yeah, you might as well. I got, I had a real great glimpse of Eagles fandom just a minute ago before we walked in here. So our president, pug President Pug is an Eagles fan as well. And Max and Pug were having a disagreement. Pug was saying that he wasn't satisfied with the win because the Eagles didn't score in the first and third quarter. Mm. That's good. That's a winning mentality. He is like, I would've liked to see the first and third quarter have more points.


Your first quarter sucked Max. Our first quarters suck all year. You gotta figure that out. Yeah. Oh, he is at 1500 yards right now. And how many games does he have left? Have you guys had your buy? Yes. I think we have five games left. Yeah, five games. So he's gonna get, it Needs to average a hundred. A hundred yards a game. Yeah. A hundred yards. A game is not a problem for Saquon. That's not a problem. Who do you, you guys have a easy schedule. Oh, you play the Steelers. The Steelers. Steelers and Commanders are tough. Are tough. Oh, you're putting, okay, nice. Yeah, Commanders are tough. I like that. Appreciate it. Yeah. Respect And division game is tough. Tough Fish Giants with no Dexter. Lawrence. Yep.


Do you have one? Twice? Do you have the Giants twice? No, we go Panthers. Oh, A hundred Steelers. 75 Commanders. A hundred Cowboys Giants 150. Yeah. 150. That's it. He did it. Got its he did it. Congrats to Saquon Barkley on mvp. 2000 Yards. Yep. MVPI have. That's incredible. I have his MVP five to one. Oh hell Yeah. Yep. Love that for you. Max. Not 20 to one. Like, you know the other guy that we have? Who? Who's that? The Heisman. Oh, what's his name again? I Can't remember. I got confused. I have him 40 to one. Oh, I don't look at my bets that much, but what, yeah, when you said 21, I actually told about Lamar, who I do have 20 to one 40, but then I've got 20 to one also on, on Travis.


I just looked it up crazy. Oh, Travis Hunter. That's right. Yeah. Travis Hunter. That'd be very interesting. We were gonna find out about this guy. We gotta learn. We gotta, we gotta learn about him. Who is Travis Hunter? Yeah. Seems like a nice guy. Are the Ravens, they're in trouble now. Not trouble, but it's gonna be hard to win the A FC North. They're, yeah, they're in trouble for, for home field. Right. And that a FC North like and Oh man, that would be, imagine if they matched up with the Steelers. I don't think, I think they actually, right now they would, if the playoffs started today, it would be Steelers hosting Ravens. I think we as a country deserve that. Yeah. We deserve to have Raven Steelers in the playoffs.


It would be Chargers and Texans, which is a winnable game for That's a Saturday game all day. Yeah. Oh yeah, That's, that's Early, early Saturday game Steelers, Ravens, they would maybe do the Monday night game. Yeah. Remember we have that Monday night game, which, which is such a shitty disadvantage. You wanna look at the playoff matchups right now and say when they would be played? Yeah, sure. Okay. So we've got, This is fun. The bills In the Broncos Bills and Broncos I think would be the Sunday early game. Like the, the noon kickoff. That might be Saturday night. Mm. No, I don't think so. I think, I think the Packer's Eagles would be Saturday night. You you have No, that's Sunday. That's Sunday. Like four o'clock. Mm.


Wait, That's a, that's a no. Commander's Eagles. Commander's Eagles. That would be maybe Saturday night. They would wanna put the Eagles on a night. They like that shit. Packers. Seahawks. That would be Sunday afternoon. Falcons. Vikings. Maybe Monday night, Maybe. Yeah, maybe Saturday. Maybe Monday night. Yeah. Yeah. Probably would sprinkle that as like a Monday night game. Yeah. Yeah. Steelers, Ravens would be Saturday night or Monday night. That would be the, or that would be the night one. I Feel like Sunday. Sunday one and four. Like the NFL's best slots though. No. So Sunday, night, Night, night, night. So you'd have, you'd definitely have to do Steelers, Ravens.


That's a Sunday night game. Yeah, for sure. Steelers, Ravens, Sunday night J This is really stupid charger. The problem is Chargers. The Problem is we've got two candidates for early Saturday games. All right, I'm writing this out. Yeah. We got two candidates for, for early Saturday games. One would be the Vikings at the Falcons. Texans Should or The Other grandfathered into that slot. Yeah. Chargers should, Texans is is the first game. Okay, that's game one. We're set Saturday night. Hold on. I'm, I'm just filling in the spots that I know. Okay. This Bronco is so dumb. No, this is good. Broncos at Bill's is the, is the noon Sunday game. The afternoon game is gonna be Packers at Eagles or Seahawks Packers at Seahawks.


And then the night, Sunday night game is gonna be Steelers, Ravens, Right? Yep. Yep. Then we have Monday night and Sun Saturday night to fill in. And I believe Saturday night would be shit Pills. Broncos. No, I have that Sunday at at noon. No, Saturday night would be Saturday night would be Eagles Commanders. Then they would put the Falcons Vikings whole Kirk Cousins thing on Monday night Football. Okay. I feel good about that. I'm, that's a hell of a weekend of Football. I feel good about that. I'm excited for you Can't wait. Gonna it be so many changes to the seeding and everything.


No, But it, but think about it. That's like we just planned out a perfect weekend into football with those like, that makes, that makes complete sense. Now I'm kind of attached to that schedule And it's December. This is when we start thinking about this stuff, this is when you start putting it in your head like, hey, playoff football. There's really those three weeks where you have the whole NFL playoffs. It's the best because it's basically the middle of the week is just irrelevant in my brain where it's like, just get me to the playoff games and every playoff game you just sit there and soak it in. Ah, love it. Love it. And it's all the road to New Orleans. Max. Have you thought about Max Being in New Orleans?


Being in New Orleans? Of course. I thought about that with the Eagles. Of course. I've thought about that. I'd be kind of mad at you because that means we'd have to stay longer. 'cause you would have to go to the game. I, I'd get so drunk that Saturday night. You, we would need to hire you your own big dom Like, like, Like a big dom impersonator. No. To follow you around and keep, try to keep you sober. No, no. He's gotta go all out. We gotta let him just do whatever he wants To do. You should hire your own big dom. Yep. Yeah. No, that's, that's what would really need to happen. Yeah, We may, maybe we should go to the Super Bowl with him. I don't know. I don't know about that. I've Never been to a Super Bowl.


It's pretty fun. It would be fun to go with Max. Me Andro. Well, Rowan have to go too. Yeah, Rowan would come. Rowan would be invited for sure. Run it back. Yeah, run it back. Let's It I would not, I would not be able to cheer on the Eagles in the Super Bowl. Bowl. I did it last time because of the future. Oh, bills. Yeah. Well we, if the bills went, we'd have to go because we'd would probably get to go into the locker room after. Yeah. I, dude, I would be sitting next to Ed and Alicia. Yeah. Oh Yeah. The be the best, best all week we should talk. Bills, Niners Bills are awesome. 35 to 10. They won. Niners are broken. Christopher McCaffrey, the walls are back. PCL is what they said. Bonus snow game Too. I feel like you only usually get one a year. Yeah, that was an awesome, I mean the bills are just built for the snow.


It's like the, the running game. Josh just being able to throw, by the way, congrats to Josh getting engaged. Then scores two touchdowns has a throwing, he had, he had a passing touchdown, a receiving touchdown and a rushing touchdown. And his receiving touchdown was passed by himself, Getting engaged, loving it in the snow. This is a guy that does not need dome. No, there it is. Christian McCaffrey's calf exploded. Yeah, That was Bad. I think it PCL. Yeah. But it looked like his calf exploded. The Niners are season for hell. It's season from hell. This is one of those games where the snow affected one team way, way, way worse than the other.


Yes. Like the 49 ERs looked like they couldn't walk out there. Yes. And the bills were just doing whatever they wanted. Did Matt Milano play in this game? I actually, we were doing work during it. I actually don't know, but He's back. He's gonna be back like the bills, man. They, they made a comment. I don't know if it's 'cause they're just building a, like Green Bay has with a heated, heated turf. But they mentioned like they were talking to Josh and How Yeah, Matt Milano was in the game. He played, yeah. When they're in the new stadium, the weather might not matter as much. That's something that you say when you're building a new stadium. What? Yeah, like what the, the stadium's right next to the current Stadium. Yeah, it's, you can, the pit is right next to it. The, whoever was calling over, we were talking to Josh before the game and I was asking him, you know, the weather when you're in the new stadium won't be as much of a factor.


Are you're gonna miss this place? And he was just like, no. Are They saying that they're gonna leave the old stadium up so it's gonna shield the new stadium from the wind? I don't know. Or I think, I think, I think the package, what it's of Like a heated field that like can melt snow. Ah, No, it also is, it's also, there's like, it's, it's not roof. It's not a roof, but it's like a partial roof. So it probably is not gonna be as windy. I would imagine. Like if you look at it, it, it looks like half the, yeah, half of the stands have a roof over It. Oh yeah. From the lake. So it definitely won't, that's on the lake side. It definitely won't be as windy as the old stadium. They should just keep building new stadiums just in between all their old stadiums until it's a hundred percent insulated from the wind.


You Ever seen that picture where they're, I think it was four, I think there was four. All four of the Milwaukee bucks where they played were all like up at one point. What do you mean? Like the Bucks played? Can you look this up? The Milwaukee Bucks all four of their stadiums. So they built their new stadium before they demolished the old one? Yeah. And then the, the one they played in like 50 years ago was like an auditorium that was across the street. So it was like all of their history was all within like one block. That's pretty cool. It was pretty cool. It was a cool picture. I don't, I don't know if you can find it. You didn't really, what did you search? Just Bucks Stadium, buck Stadium history? No, all, all four. Pug was so good at this. Maybe pug, pug was I mean this is, This is anug.


Pug was, this is an impossible fucking, Yeah. Alright, let's see if I can find it. P Accomplished that feet no less than five days ago. Four stadiums in one picture. Milwaukee. Maybe it was three. It might have been three. I don't know. I saw it once and it was fucking cool here. Oh yeah, Yeah. There it is. Three NBA arenas all in a row. Yeah. That's pretty cool. And I think the fourth was like an auditorium across the street. It's pretty cool. I like that. It's like the evolution poster. Yeah. Isn't that cool? I'm happy that we stopped for that. Good. Good job. Good job Max for finding that. Yeah. Good job Max, for finding that


Rollback. Question before we do, who's back? R-H-O-B-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos hoodies. Joggers shorts Rollback dot com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase.


Let's do week 13. We're in December. Super Bowl matchups around the room. Memes. Would you like to start? Give it to us. Super Bowl matchup. Super Bowl matchup. When we we're, we're week 13. We haven't, I don't know if our predictions, what our preseason predictions were. Remember when Max picked the, or no. He made fun of me for picking Vikings over, or no, you picked Vikings under and I said No, you made fun of me for picking Vikings under. Yeah. And I was, I'm still waiting for my apology. Did you take I'm still waiting for my apology. Did you take it? I'm still waiting for my apology. I did not. We were in California for Grit week.


Dude. Memes. I'm gonna go Ravens Vikings. Oh, I thought it was gross. Yes. You should have gone, Jeff say that is gross Purple. That's a, that, that's a ugly. Why would you do that Ugly Super Bowl? Why would you That was a vibe killer. Darn. He. He is Darn guy now. Alright. Hank Vibe booster. Yes. Lions Bills. Yes. That's mine. Yep. That's mine. Bill's Lions. You Got, you gotta just think about what, like, I am a neutral party in New Orleans and what do I want to see? Yes. And it's Bill's and Lions fans. Yes. Just taking over Bourbon Street. Sneaky backup to Bill's Lions in terms of fan bases, Lions, Steelers, Steelers fans in New Orleans would be all time as well.


That'd be something. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Bill's lines. Okay. That's it. Maybe charges lines. Oh, Charges real good. Hank would be Arthur Meem. I'm gonna go with Be best thing for Barstool Eagle Steelers. Oh, Steelers. Wow. Then I would, we would have to go to the game. No, actually no. We'd stream. We would be streaming stream. Yeah, we would stream. If was Eagle we'd stream back here. That would actually be great. 'cause then we'd come back. I Mean, if it's Bill's lines, I think everybody's sapping. Except You're gonna let Jerry go to the game. That's like a once in a lifetime stream. Eagle Steelers would be Eagles. Such A Eagle. Steelers put Gruden right in between the two of 'em. I think Jerry would quit. I don't think he has an option.


I think he'd quit. I think he'd be like, I'm gonna go work for Mr. Peace. No, he could. He he could go to the, the parade. I don't know. The Super Bowl's also like Hypothe, the Super Bowl's also. Like I, Dave, Dave Dave's gone to all the Super Bowls. Yeah, that's true. Spent the last Super Bowl. Yeah, that's true. Max, would you, I mean, did you like going, like, would you rather watch it on tv? No, no. Would you, max, quick question. I lost it. Would you like to go to the Super Bowl? Yeah. Yeah. That is Crazy. I don't know for a loss. The Loss sucks, but like, I need to, I need to be there for a win. Yeah, that's true. Like, you get like Hank fucking brags about the a how many fucking after parties he's Been to for the after party. Greatest nights of my life. Alright, so Yeah. Or the Celtics Parade, Which is, yeah.


Jerry would, I think we'd have to like Hannibal Ter put him in like a mask and like a, a gurney thing. No, we, you guys, We have to stream in New Orleans. Yeah, probably. They would have to go to the game. You guys should just go to the game and, and I would just wanna watch them. Like, I don't wanna be like 15 rows behind them. Yeah. We're just saying things this show like they're fact, we're just, we're we're scheduling out the first weekend of the NFL. We're scheduling what we're gonna do if the, if Eagle Steelers playing the Super Bowl. Yeah, dude. Let's just, let's just, let's just go. It's called. Let's just watch it. It's called Using Your Imagination, Max. Let's just watch it. Let's just let it let things happen. Oh, what's gonna happen Until the podcast? We're Definitely gonna come back to We're streaming here. If it's Vikings, Ravens, oh my God. It's gonna be memes.


What a dick. It's gonna end up being Chiefs Packers. And the Chiefs win again. That would, well, the Chiefs winning. No. Packers would be good because of, because of You. The Chiefs would, Chiefs winning. Beating the Packers would be awesome. I can't, the Vikings Ravens is just so, The Ravens. I like, I Don't even know what you just did memes. The, the Purple Bowl. What does that mean? The Purple Bowl? I think the only, can I make a bigger bummer? Oh yeah. Falcons, Texans. Falcons. Texans would be bummer. City. I think the Vikings are already there as a bummer. I actually think Seahawks Texans would be worse. Seahawks. Texans. Yeah. Seahawk Seahawks would be just like a what?


Chargers. No. Chargers would be great for you and me. Max. Correct. Ride or die guys. Correct. Ride that thing. Mm. He's getting upset just thinking about it. No, that's not, that's not even a thought. I want the charters to Prove You wrong. Prove you wrong Mr. All right.


Let's do who's back of the week. It is brought to you by our friends at Coors Light, who's back of the week, brought to you by Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram. Tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt, five winners will be selected every Saturday until December 7th. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold refresher and Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Literally made it chill. Coors Light is cold lager cold filtered cold package. It's as crisp and refreshing as the Rockies Perfect for a moment to unwind. Even the biggest rivals. Agree When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game. You choose Chill. And then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivers straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brew Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Henry, who's back the week? Well, who's back The week is the Red Sox question mark. Yeah. Oh, PFT alluded to it earlier and I don't know if it was just 'cause I was home in Massachusetts for the weekend and, and I was hearing the, the local reports and propaganda, but I'm, I'm, I'm seeing some tweets. I'm seeing some reports I'm seeing, you know, Juan Soto's sisters looking at apartments in Boston. Yeah. The Mick Kirk Han guy reported that he's a hundred percent signing with the Red Sox. I saw a picture of Juan Soto at Hertz Renta car at Logan International Airport. Did you see that one? I didn't see that one, but I I've heard it's gonna be as early as the middle of this week and I'm, I'm, I'm thrilled his red socks are Back.


Yeah, his hair A lot. So he's, he's he's been si he's signing His sister was. Yeah. I mean, why would his sister be looking at places in Boston? That's true. It's always the real estate. That's a beautiful city. It's always the real estate. Does this have anything to do with our good friend Jerry? Robs trying to speak into an existence. What did he do? Oh, he is just been tweeting about it. I've just seen him. I've seen that's, I I've definitely been, been brainwashed and I definitely, obviously follow a lot of, you know, Boston biased people and accounts. So that's definitely part of it. But I've, I've just convinced myself we're getting Soto. There He is. See? Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Holy shit. Juan Soto, that's his Sister. No, that's him.


Look at the hair. It's long hair. It's her. All guys can have long hair too. That some of us have long hair. Yeah. So, congrats Hank. Thank you. That's huge. Yeah, I'm excited. I I didn't even think we were gonna be in the, in the running to be honest with you. So the fact that we got 'em, You're in the conversation. Yeah. Yeah. Big stuff. Okay. PFT My who's back of the week is rivalry. Trophies. Yeah. Did you guys see, did you guys see the, the news coming out of UMass? Yes. So UMass and Yukon, they play their rivals, bid rivals. Hank, you know, just as well as anyone, there was a trophy that was made for the rivalry game.


I don't even think kids from Yukon or UMass care about this, by the way, which is the funniest part. So after the game, they did not present the rivalry trophy to Yukon, is that correct? No. So apparently the initial report was that Yukon refused to accept it and then Jim Moore Jr's was like, that's not true. We wanted it, they wouldn't give it to us. So now it's, Yeah. Jim Moore Jr. Said he was looking for the trophy after the game. Yeah. And they were told to get lost. And then UMass just put out a statement saying, regarding yesterday's football game and fan interest in presenting a trophy to the winner prior to the game, the two schools had not discussed awarding the trophy to the winning team or using the trophy in general as a symbol to a longstanding series.


The trophy was provided to UMass for the first time earlier in the week, not leaving a lot of time to properly consider an official name should have been the come ass trophy. Secure a mutually beneficial sponsor or execute a marketing plan, an addition series results still need to be added to the base of the trophy. Both schools agree that celebrating our 78 game rivalry requires appropriate planning. So now they're at, they're asking for the trophy so that they can award it to Coach Mora and his team. We have no issue with this plan. And for now, we'll consider the trophy property of the two collectives to be used at their discretion. Why did they So It's a jug by the way. It's a cu jug. It's a come jug. Yeah. Yeah. Why did they not give the trophy?


Why, why? I don't understand how this got held. They made a trophy. Jim Moore Jr. Wanted the trophy. If you make a rivalry trophy, you have to be prepared to give it away. Yeah. If you don't want to give it away, then you just do the Jim Harbaugh thing and you don't tell the other team about it beforehand. Yeah. And then you just get to keep it if you win it. Yeah. What was that Line in there about? We weren't planning on this being a, a representative of this rivalry. Like I just love that Yukon's always in the middle of these. Yeah. 'cause obviously the civil conflict, my favorite trophy of all time. Is that dead by the way? Yeah. What? The civil Conflict Is that Still? Yeah. Well they don't, I don't think they play. They should. No. Like you trying to find it. Oh, I, I found it. The guy won't, the the, the UCF has it. I believe I, I basically kicked the, the hornet's nest that got it out from some guy's garage who then donated it back to UCF, which sucks 'cause I should have got, I should have been me.


I should have had that trophy. I would've put it, I would've had it in the front of the office encased. And it would've been like the Clemson Rock. Everyone touches it when they come to work. It would've been incredible. But they fucking robbed it from me. I gotta say this trophy looks like you got it from like a 1980s pottery barn. Yeah. They could have put a little bit more time into the trophy. Yeah. I mean, how many times have these teams played when they have like a winning, when both teams have a winning record? Yukon's had a good year this year. That would be interesting to look up though and see like, but when both, when both teams are above five. What Jack Max's Gonna get on your ass? No, they're the Yukon's Ucon football. UConn has a football team. U's been very good this year. I Said both teams have a winning record. Yeah.


He clearly said both teams above 500. It doesn't, you didn't know UConn was having a good year though. The, the wood in the trophy looks like I, you know, you meant Football. A powerhouse. Yeah. Yeah. Yukon, Aiden, they, they better get a bowl invite. That would suck. If they don't That you automatically get one if you get six. Nope. They have to Because there they have to get a bowl. There are, there's sometimes there's more bull eligible teams than there are bowls, which is crazy. And Yukon being an independent means they don't have a bowl tie in. So it's like a lot of these, like remember when we had the bar stool bowl and it was Mountain West versus Mac. They're independent so they don't have an automatic bowl tie in.


Yukon needs a bowl. It'll be bullshit if they don't get one. They went eight and four this year. Put them in a bowl besides a six or six and team. Crazy. Crazy. It would be very funny if they got a bowl in Nebraska. Didn't. Just for real. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, I know we're gonna do college on Wednesday, but my who's back of the week is Ryan Day because that was the worst loss. I actually think that might've been the worst loss of all time In the history of losses. I Football games Only it was a loss that had me for the rest of the day, muttering to myself. I can't believe they lost that game. Like the stakes of that game.


There were 20 point favorites. Ohio State is a loaded, Michigan doesn't have an offense. They don't have a quarterback. Michigan. Michigan has had a dog shit season and they still went in and bullied him in Columbus. They Have two, not quarterbacks. It's Crazy. It is, it is wild. And Michigan's office was so bad. It looked like they were, they were trying their best to give that game away. Yeah. To Ohio State. And Ohio State couldn't do shit with it. And then the, the penalty on Ryan Day at the end of the game. Yeah. Not good. Not a good way to end it. Not, not a good way to beat the fraud allegations. Ryan get Ryan Day. Yeah. And then the Pepper, You almost called him Ryan Gay. Ryan Gay. You did, you were very close then. Then The pepper Spray.


Yeah, it was chaos. I mean I love rivalry week. What were you gonna say, Hank? You say the Stakes of the game, but Ohio State is still gonna make the playoffs and still can win the national Championship if Ohio State wins the national championship though. Like we, you saw it. Tate came into the cave today. He's like, if we win the national championship, Michigan will just say they've won two in a row. 'cause they beat us like that. The way the rivalry has gone the last four years and the way that Michigan beat them the last three years and then won a national title and the whole Connor Stallion shit and everything. It's, it's, it's not just one game. It's like the culmination of it all to get to that point where Ohio State was so much better and to lose that game. And now if they, like I, I think there's actually a decent amount of Ohio State fans that would be like, if we win the national championship game, this was still a failure of a season.


'cause we lost to Michigan. That's how much it means though to those people. And for the fact that they have, they have seniors that have never and and will never beat Michigan. Yeah. By the way, bad. I had no, I had no problem with i if you're a defensive player, I think you're allowed to go fight over the flag and be like, don't plant that flag because the defensive Ohio State played tough. The offense should not get to do that. That was also Jason Yvan Eagle. Do you know that? That's crazy. That that was Jason Yvan who was the one who took the flag back. I Also think it's pretty funny that they're Yeah, isn't that crazy? He's like a sideline reporter for the Michigan. I think It's, it's funny that they're fighting over planning a flag into an artificial surface field. Yeah. You can't even plant it.


Which you can't plant a flag into. Yeah. But that it was, it was a bad scene for Ohio State. They got humiliated. I don't know, maybe I'm being reactionary. Hank. It just feels like that was, Ohio State had such a better team this year and Michigan was, they weren't even trying this year. They didn't even have a quarterback. And to have that happen is crazy. What Max what were you gonna say? It's definitely a, a failure of a season no matter what. And, and it's, that is as devastating of a loss as you can get. How Can you win a na That's crazy Rival. Hank is a college rival Football fan. Yeah. Rivalry. You know this, you know this Hank Hank What would happen, what would happen if Ohio State won the national championship?


How do you think Dave would react to that? I know how we've Won back to back National every Well he, he's the embodiment of Michigan Fans. He still have the banner. I would say in 30 years when I, if I'm an Ohio State Fan Grad, when I go to bring my kids and I show them and say National Champ and they're be And they're be like, daddy, what happened that year? We must have killed Michigan. Yeah. Because what happens is every time you bring up that national championship, it starts a story. Yeah. And the story is, yeah, we beat you guys A national champ championship's. A national championship. But, but to be like, we won a national championship and Michigan had a fucking dog shit year and they still beat you. And it's also like, this was Michigan now has Bryce Underwood, Ohio State has to figure out what to do with Ryan Day.


Like this was the year where you beat Michigan and then you go win a national title and all is restored in the world for Ohio State. None of that happened. The Syracuse QB going off too was fun. Oh yeah. Kyle McCord was so awesome. I Think they would still love to win a national championship. Oh for sure. They, they'd be very happy with it. But they also know they wouldn't feel as sweet. They also know that every time they'd bring it up, they're inviting Michigan fans to be like, we beat You. It would not feel as sweet Preseason. Preseason. If you, if you asked Ohio State fans to say you can win a national championship to lose in Michigan, they're saying no. A lot of them would say Kate. Literally. Yeah. He, he said that before the season starts, he's, They had to beat Michigan. Beating Michigan is more important than winning a national championship. That's Why college football's the best. Yeah. I mean it makes no sense to me.


But do You think Dave is rooting for Ohio State to win the National championship now? Yes. He might know. Might so that he can say Back to back. No, I think, I think he's rooting for them to get to like the semis or the final and then lose and then he can be like, man, we like, he's gonna root for Ohio State being like, I just want the Buckeyes to be a pro. 'cause he was doing, I mean he, he kept on saying, he's like, this is bad for the rivalry. Like the rivalry's over because you couldn't beat us at our worst. This isn't a rivalry anymore. He is like that. He was like, oh no. Like he can't, we we can't have a rivalry with them anymore. Yeah. I'll say this, I, I respected what Ohio State did after the game was over in the same way I respect what the Jaguars did when they knocked out Trevor Lawrence.


Yeah. I have no problem with It. It's good to have a little fight. I, yeah, I like it. By the way, max, you weren't here but I, I threw out the take like Ryan Day should be when he goes to bed at night, he should just thank his lucky stars that James Franklin exists. 'cause James Franklin is basically propped up Ryan Day. James Franklin's playing for a big time championship This week. I understand you, you get what I'm saying. Ryan Day has not beaten Michigan in four years, but Ryan Day always beats Penn State and they're like, look at Ohio State. We beat Penn State Like every year. It's just, that's just how it goes. But it still doesn't ma like they don't care about Penn State. I care. I understand. I'm saying more like Ryan Day can't win the big one. Yeah, no, he beats Penn State. Yeah. And then, and then James Franklin's like, oh, James Franklin can't beat the win the big one.


Oh no. He beats Iowa by 40 Beats everyone but the big one. Yeah, I know Penn State in the, in the big town. Are you gonna go down? I was thinking about it. I want to, I Don't know, I, I dunno if you guys looked but on the DraftKings app, every single conference championship game this weekend is, I think the biggest spread is four and a half. Ooh. It's gonna be awesome. I think Penn State Oregon's three and a half. It's Gonna be awesome. This would awesome be such a big one though. Max, for you, this would be the crown jewel of the big ones for James Franklin. Yeah. I mean it would be the one seed maybe. I still think it wouldn't be the same though. 'cause it's not Ohio State or Michigan. No, but this, I feel like the Big 10 championship, you don't understand. Hank doesn't understand college football. Football Rivalries like Championships.


I understand championships. I would wanna win a fucking, like I don't care who I play in the Eastern conference finals or the finals. A championship's championship. Celick had an easy path to the fucking championship. Who cares? It's different. College Is different. I would wanna win, win a big 10 championship. But not if it's against Michigan. Like what? No, not if it's against Border. It's a big 10 championship. No, I mean it would be like, I would like Penn State to win this one, but it still wouldn't, it Wouldn't feel as good. Yeah. If they beat Ohio State, Like Penn State beat Wisconsin in, in the Big 10 championship. We're talking about beating and it didn't like I Wasn't Hank you don't know anything about the blue bloods. You want to beat a blue blood Big 10 big one. I guess I, I kind of understand what you're saying. I just don't personally feel the same way.


Rivalry week rocks. This is what the hatred is. So, so deeps the best. Okay, good. Show boys. Good to be back. Should we do numbers? Memes will take 71 PFTA hundred. What? Ooh, is a hundred in there? Is a hundred in there? 17? It used to be. What do you mean? It used to be the old machine. 83 Is 11. I believe it is In here. Hundreds. I see it right here. It's right here. Okay. All right. Nine, nine. Poke. I don't even know what I said. 83. I'm changing mine.


30 16, 21. We gotta Figure out, oh no, 30 just came down. 12 Memes says 71. Right. The Ft memes says 71. Jack, which one do you got? 16. Jack's a Michigan guy. Yeah. I want to ask him a question 90. Jack. Jack, explain to Hank. We were talking about Ohio State, Michigan And we were, I was saying that that is one of the most devastating losses, if not the most devastating loss like of all time because of what Ohio State had at stake.


Their team verse Michigan. Do you think that if Ohio State, like you know Ohio State fans right? If if they win a national title, like it's not gonna be as sweet because they lost to Michigan. Right? Definitely. And do you know Ohio State fans you No. Let me ask you this way. Do you know Michigan fans? They're like, if we beat Ohio State, it doesn't matter if we win the national title or not. Yeah. Like the rivalry means more than a national title, which is weird, But Yes, definitely Hank, I I hear it. I hear You. You just doesn't make any sense. It makes some sense. It just doesn't make total like, I understand how much rivalries mean you can hang your hat on beating Michigan or beating Ohio State.


But a national championship should trump that. I think for a lot of fans it does. But I think there's some fans that are like that. That was the end of their season. I also think Michigan fans would say that like if I Was in Ohio State then you're devastated. But I'm like, fuck it, we gotta win the national championship now. I think Michigan fans and Ohio State fan, if they hadn't won a national championship recently, then it might be a little bit different. Yeah. Where they're like, yeah, national championship is the goal. But since they've accomplished that in their lifetimes and in their recent lifetimes, then they're just like, we want to beat our rivals. Didn't They lose when they blew the game against Georgia? Who? Ohio State. What do you mean? The Miss Field goal? Yeah. That was in the playoffs.


2019 Ohio State won national championships though. What, what year was that? Cj. CJ Stroud. Oh, so that was stats a been That was 2020 or 21? 22. 22. So they Lost to Michigan. They lost to Michigan that year. But If they'd won the national championship, you think they would've been like, ah, well we lost to Michigan. So this sucks. Yeah, I think I I think they not as bad as this one. This one is, Yeah, I mean this one is the culmination, the underdogs and stuff, but I still, and also it's the like Connor Stallions Michigan winning last year. Jack, where'd you watch the game? Did you w were you, was that like a game that you'll remember forever? 100%. Yes. That was unbelievable.


Yeah. You never thought they were gonna win that game? I Planned on turning it off at halftime. Yeah. And then they just, they bullied him again. They bullied him again. That was crazy. It also has to do with like they, it's now four years in a row, right? So it's like they have no argument. Right. Even if, even if they get, because Michigan just won the Natty, they don't even have that argument. Right? Right. And it feels like Ohio State is in a crisis and Michigan had a one down year and they're gonna be back next year. Like you had the moment the, Here's the thing, the best part about winning a championship is that you can be like, you guys can't tell me anything.


Yeah. I'm the champion of the world. And guess what Michigan can tell themselves. It's The perfect, yeah, you put it perfectly. There's one fan base that can tell you that. And it's the worst Fan base and it's the one that you don't want to have anything to say. Yep. Yeah. Alright, we'll talk more college football on Wednesday. See you guys then. Love you guys.