
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music on today's Pardon My Take. It is NFL Week four Picks and Preview. We have our good friends, Ryan Whitney and Paul Binet in the studio as well for an awesome interview catching up with the boys. We're gonna talk Thursday night Football last game, blast baseball game in Oakland today. And we're gonna finish off with Fire Fest of the week before we get to all of that


TD Tudy taking it to the house in for six. whatever you call a touchdown One thing, for sure. Touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sportsbook. An official sports book partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or defense. We don't care how they score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and Draftking Sports books is delivering Ready to place your first bet Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Or. how many tds will be in a game? Go to the DraftKings Sports Book app and Make your pick Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $200 in Bonus bets instantly. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download. the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Yeah, my PardonMyTake, my yeah, my


Welcome to Pardon My Take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app and use code take, that's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, September 27th in PFT. We have arrived at the shitty Thursday night football games where everyone gets injured and we have a ton of flags. Yeah. At the very end of the game it was like back to almost back to back plays where Micah Parson's out and then you had, you had neighbors going out too. Yeah. And that was bad. It was Neighbors was breaking ankles Out there. It was an he played an awesome game. Yeah, he's still very good. I think he's got a concussion. That's what they say. I don't know what's wrong with with Parsons, but the flags were bad. The flags made this game unwatchable and credit to Al Michaels. He gets a lot of shit for if he doesn't celebrate a touchdown hard enough. But when Al Michaels is at his best now is when he's annoyed with the quality of football. Yes. And he was so annoyed.


He gets into surly old man mode very early on in the first half. He was just like, well this is awful. Yeah. This is terrible, Kirk, get me outta here. And I agreed with him. It was, it was terrible. We had an awful taunting flag on CD lamb. Yep. For pointing at a defender as he ran into the end zone, then I think he threw the ball kind of in his direction, like underhand after he scored. And the thought occurred to me for the first time when I saw that it's actually worse. It's, it's more emasculating for a defender to have a referee step in and throw a flag and be like, Hey, stop making fun of that guy. Yeah. I'm gonna throw a flag at you that's worse than a guy pointing at you as you go into the end zone. I'd agree. It draws way more attention to it.


Yeah. And then it's like, oh, you need this little, this little referee with this tiny little flag to throw it in the air and and blow his whistle. The Ref is taunting more than CD lamb in this situation. Exactly, yes. Let the boys taunt. Yes, I agree. Always let the boys taunt. But it dawned on me that you, you know, we, we go through the week one Thursday night opener football's back. So, so happy football's back Week two. Oh, Thursday night. This is fun. And then you get to three or four and you're like, oh yeah, I forgot Thursday night football. We're gonna watch it. We're gonna, we're gonna consume it every Thursday. 'cause this is the official start of the weekend. Sorry Hank. But it is, it's the start of the weekend in the fall. But for the most part it's gonna be shitty product and you just hope a bunch of guys don't get injured.


Which happened tonight. We also had Michael Parsons giving digs and massage on the, on the field like instantly. Yeah, I love that. He great teammate Diggs went down and then Micah over there started rubbing his foot. We know that Micah's a foot guy that's on the record. And then he moved up to the calf, started giving a nice little massage. If I were Diggs, I would, would you prefer to wait for that doctor with a cowboy hat to get out there to give you the massage? Or are you okay with Micah doing it? I think you want it right away if you're cramping, which I assume that's what was happening. Yeah, I would, that would be really bad if it was like an Achilles and he was doing that. It's like a, or like a real injury. And he is like, I got this. It's a partial tear. Yeah. And then Micah gets out there with a strong ass hands and just shreds it.


I just assumed it was a cramp. Which that is a pro move. Yeah. But You're, it like, let me, let me get this cramp out real quick. You're right. The Thursday night football, it's, it reminds me of that old Donald Trump tweet about Coca-Cola and he is talking about Diet Coke and he's, he says the Coca-Cola company's not happy with me. That's okay. I'll keep drinking that garbage. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's how I feel about Thursday night Football. I'm gonna watch it matter what. Watch it. We also had, so we're gonna get to our Picks and Preview in a second last a's Game in Oakland, which was awesome. Fuck John Fisher. It was cool to see the stadium completely packed. They won, which I'm happy for, even though we've lost a lot of money betting on The A this year. A lot. A lot. I think we're down like 15 units.


I think it's around 16 right now. And that's bad. But it's even worse knowing that we almost picked the White Sox. Yeah. Yeah. And how much money we would've made. It was down to those two teams. We Just went door, door two instead of door one. And I didn't want to piss off Chicago. I, but they would've, I like Chicago. It would Chicago. I know that's, and then I talked to White Sox, Dave, he is like, I don't know, I think they've got some real competitive players out there. And then I'm like, okay, I guess it won't do it to Chicago. We would've made so much Money and White Sox fans would've Been happy. I know. They, They, Jerry Reinsdorf is a piece of shit we fucked up. But yeah, it was really cool to see that scene. Like it was, it was, it was a PAC Stadium. They, their, their uniforms are a top baseball uniform.


They had a bunch of old legends out. Barry Zito sang the national anthem, which was cool. So again, fuck John Fisher forever. Oakland deserved better. Yeah. And, and we stand with The A And I also stand with the fan who I think it was last night, tried to steal one of the seats from the Coliseum. Yeah. He stole an actual seat and then ran down the street with it. And then I think a security called the Cops. Yeah. And I'm chased down. Let him steal the seat. I guess there's a, a unaffiliated team maybe playing there next year. Oh, the Oakland Roots. 'cause I saw someone stole a seat and the Oakland, oh, it's a soccer team. The Oakland Roots tweeted and we're like, Hey, just a heads up.


We're playing there next year. If you could keep some of those seats, we'd really appreciate It. Keep some of them. But let, let let the boys have some fun. Steal a seat. Yeah. That's always good. And then I, I you know what I hope they do next year? I hope you know how they used to have the, the Raiders play at the Coliseum. Yeah. I hope that the soccer field still has the baseball field. That would be awesome. Yeah. That'd be sick. Keep that On there. Yeah. So we, we feel for the city of Oakland and then we also had golf. Hank no one's actually mad about Scotty Scheffler yelling at Tom Kim. Right. That was awesome. Yeah. That was awesome. People, some people were mad that Tom Kim, I think the next hole, they hit a birdie putt. And before Scotty Scheffler putted Tom Kim and his partner just walked off Green. Oh, that's good. Dude. These international tournaments should have nothing but bad blood.


It should always be like close to fight, which would not be a fight because they're golfers. Who are we winning? Dominating? Five. Oh, we are five. Oh, sweep, clean sweep. How'd Max do won? Love it. Captain. Captain America. Everyone won. How did Scotty do? Won? Who lost? Nope. Internationals. Oh, it is 5 0 5. Oh 5 0 5. Oh. Yeah. Fuck you World. We're up 5 0 5. Oh. So is it over? Pretty Much. I love that. What a domination I Love more than anything. I love it when the United States dominates tournaments that we don't give a fuck about. Yeah. And the rest of the world cares deeply about It. What about Cantley and Schley One.


Okay. What about Morikawa and Tagal One? What about Brian Harmon and Max Hoa? These are tomorrow's pairings I think. Shit. But we're gonna win that. Yeah, we're gonna win that Too. How many, how many wins do we have to get to win? I think it's like 13 and a half if it's like the Rider Cup. What about Henley and Scheffler? We haven't lost those are tomorrow's those. No, that's today one. What about Bradley and Clark? One? What about Caley and Sam Burns one? Fuck yeah. We won 'em all. Just checking to make sure Max didn't play today. So to correct Hank Well he was a member of Team USA. He won. Oh. But Okay. He really won Five. He won.


Everybody won. So Max is playing tomorrow? Yeah. Yes. Okay. And he's going to win. He better win Mega Fort Max First to 15 and a half points wins. The. A, half the President's Cup. So yeah, we're gonna, we could win this whole thing. No, we can't win it all tomorrow. But we're gonna, we'd be up 10. Nothing and then every day. And then Fri Saturday is singles. Sunday singles. So we can't win it on Saturday. We can be at 15. We Really don't know the layout of this tournament. What, what, what is, If it was the summer, I'd feel a lot more locked in like I thought it was. Yeah, Agreed. You're always locked in in the summer. Why Weren't you locked in on the golf today?


I was busy. That's a trick question. Hank was locked in on golf today. He played Well. No, the golf. Yeah. Alright, anything else before we get to pick some preview? I Mean, I just wanna clarify, Hank played well today, but we still beat him. Oh fuck yes. Yeah. He still lost One PFT and his partner. Yeah. Say It Ebo. No say It. PFT and my partner no PFT One. There you go. There you go. By the way, quick note, we're gonna do our pix and preview in a second. And then we have biz and Wit on the show this week. They're doing surviving bar stool at the office.


The interview's gonna be our first ever black and white interview. so if you are, if you're watching it, it is art. We wanted to make sure that no one had a chance to be like, oh, this is a spoiler, this is a spoiler. So enjoy it. It will probably never do a black and white interview ever again. Well, I don't know. This shit might get us nominated for some cool prestigious award. It's true. Because it does look really Cool. Yeah, It is. It's like Mad Men. It is really cool. And, and watch all the way through for the surprise at the end. Oh yeah. Because there was a great Surprise. Special guest also, I, I forgot to bring this up. We were talking about Thursday night football, Big Cat. I don't know if you caught this, I don't know if you were at a TV with sound on in the first half. Maybe it was the start of the second half. But Al Michaels told a story about Mike McCarthy that I'd never heard before.


Okay. You know what, Mike McCarthy's first job was A mechanic. He was a toll booth operator. I Perfect. He just, and I think the face stuck on him. That's perfect. I think, I think he's just got resting toll booth face now. That's perfect. Just sitting there for hours. Yeah. Just pissed off at, at the world. He's the perfect demeanor for a toll booth operator. Yeah. No offense to toll booth operators. Do they? Yeah, there are. Yeah, There are. There's usually one per End plaza At the end. Yeah. In case you get stuck in one and the arm doesn't go up. They come over and they press the button. They Bank. Yeah, they probably Do You think so? Yeah, I think they do. I mean, it was back when I was in like high school or younger when minimum wage wasn't as high. But I remember like minimum wage was $8 and they were like, tow booth operators make like 18 bucks an hour.


That's pretty good to Booth Willy. And also you could, ah, whoa, here we go. Yeah. 1585. It it now between 6 32, 12 50 and 25. 95. 25 bucks an hour. Shout out. I bet you there's some tow booth operators listening to this show. Yeah. What's Up? And you can skim off the top. We see you. It's probably the easiest job to just pocket a little money at. Right? Yeah. Little falls through the cracks. Yeah. Okay. Let's get to ourselves, Picks and Preview. And then we have our first ever black and white interview with Ryan Whitney and Paul Bissonnet.


Okay. Before we get to our weekend preview football season is here and we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now With their brand new Gametime picks features. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime Picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Hank, we were looking at going to Detroit Monday night. Monday Night Football in Detroit. Seahawks at Lions. What is the best get in price with the Gametime pick deal? $123. Oh, that's pretty good. Top 5% value. Amazing dude. Hang out next to Sprinkles. I actually completely forgot to tell you guys that Superfan said the Sprinkles hasn't been to a game this year yet. Is she okay? I I don't know, but I find I'm happy you mentioned that. I forgot to tell you we should find Sprinkles. So go to Gametime right now. Choose an event and hit that Gametime picks GT Picks setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime pick deals near you on the Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Someone's gonna go buy those tickets right now for 120 bucks to the Lions and Seahawks Monday football. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime?


We're also brought to you by ourselves PardonMyTake my cheese steak. It is football season football's back full gear and ordering PardonMyTake my cheese steak in your game day meal. Or late night Eats is the best way. Play Call you can make PardonMyTake. My cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks and loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep and will be offering free delivery through the entire football season. Take your pick of our delicious cheese steaks made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone, mouth watering cheese sauce and caramelized onion on a toasted to Hoge roll. We have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chi chicken, cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, and many, many more. You can order the popular Big Cat combo and get your cheese steak of choice fries and a drink. Find a PardonMyTake my cheese steak near you and order yours now at PardonMyTake my cheese steak.com. Use code AW L for free delivery.


Okay boys, week four. You Were just talking about Dan Campbell a second ago that that reminded me of his post game thing where he was saying their head coach screwed up. Yeah. You know how he, he like dissociated. Yeah. Yeah. He like split himself up. I actually was thinking the other day that's gonna be good for the Lions because now head coach Dan Campbell is going to be thinking about post game Dan Campbell. Yep. And he's not gonna wanna let post game Dan Campbell down. Yeah, you can't. So it's almost like he's coaching himself up and he's an accountability guy. So he is like I, I love Dan Campbell so much as a coach. I can't screw up during the game. He's Coaching like, hi a version of his, it's like his son but it's him and it's his best friend but it's also him Kinda like an avatar. Yeah, yeah, Yeah.


You don't want to, by the way, did you see there was an update to the Dan Campbell having to sell his house? So it was, it's kind of a fucked up story. His daughter's classmate posted his address after they lost the 49 ERs NFC championship game and said like, fuck you for going for it. That's messed Up. Messed up how that's messed up high school I think. Oh how? And then, and then like the, the real issue was that Dan Campbell and his wife were still in San Francisco and people started showing up to their house when his, like his daughter was still was home that night after the loss and like honking and stuff. So We need to get those, you know, those Is it the Hell's Angels, the motorcycle gangs that show up whenever the Westboro Baptist Church is protesting?


Yeah. David Wells Is the Angels. Yeah. Have have the people with the giant angel wings standing outside. Dan Campbell's house Protect that thing. I Like that. I like that. But yeah, it's fucked up. Dickhead move. That's what happens when you don't have a, a full picture of the history of the Lions when you're a high school student. Yeah. And all you've known for the last couple years is optimism. Yeah. And success. You don't want to go back. Also what happened when you don't understand analytics? True. Because like some of those were analytic play and also Dan Campbell's, like he was going off vibes. That's you actually, that guy didn't know Ball 'cause he probably didn't watch the Lions all season. Also Josh Reynolds should have made that catch That that's also true. Okay. Week four. It is. I still do treat week four as the end of the first quarter.


Even though we have 17 games 18 weeks now. Yep. I don't know why. Just will never get outta my head. Me too. But I think it's, 'cause I grew up listening to Joe Gibbs. You grew up listening to Love Smith, Loy Smith and those were two big guys that were into splitting the, the season up into first quarter. Yeah. Four quarters. Yeah. So week four. I can't believe we're already here week four. I Feel like this is the week where after week four we have a big enough sample size to know like what's a fluke and what's not. Also after week four there's buys. Oh shit. Yeah. So that's always like fucked up. Like, oh shit, we're in bye weeks. Yeah. So just before we get to each game, this is Hank, you have been doing your Hungry Dogs for a few years now.


It's been dominating this year. So underdogs of seven plus points to start the season are four and oh, straight up the first time dogs of seven plus are above 500 straight up through three weeks since 1956. Yeah. so if you look at the first three weeks, the biggest underdog of the week has won. Has won. The Patriots won in week one, they were eight point underdogs. The Raiders won against the Ravens. Week two, they were nine point underdogs. And then the commanders won in week three, there were seven and a half point underdogs. It's the first time in 70 years that's happened. Is this just simply that we are Overrating The A FC North. That is a possibility Because that was Bengals Ravens Bengals.


That Is a possibility. Or maybe we we're just overrating the Bengals. Yeah. No, that can't be it. They're good. No, they're, they're defense is good. No, 'cause the Ravens lost too. So it's, yeah, it's just an overweight, we we put too much respect on The, A FC nor name, but You know what, I'm fine with that. That's, that division is football. Yeah, there is. I respect that Division. They're the definition of football. Yeah. And NFL under underdog is six plus points. You're now 12 and one against the spread through three weeks. So that's crazy if You're a betting man, which I think some people on this podcast are biggest underdog this week. You know who it is? Hank's Patriots again. Ooh, what is it? 10 and a half Get right Game. 10 right now. 10. Okay. Okay. Let's get into some games.


Good slate. Good Mix Saints at Falcons to start. Excited for this game. I do think I like the Falcons in this game. I'll give you two reasons why I like the Falcons in this game. One, I think the Falcons played like that, that game against the Chiefs. They were very, very close to winning And. it felt like, it felt like whatever happened at the end of the Eagles game, maybe the Falcons found a little bit of something. And I think the Saints are banged up and are coming back down to Earth. So they're, they have centers out and Caesar re their right guard is out. And I just, I like the Falcons. I like the Falcons. So the, the Falcons also have, I believe, two linemen that are out this game.


And we did a bad job at the end of the, the Chief's Falcons game hand up. We were recording as the game was ending. Correct. Which is always, it's tough for us because we're trying to actually talk about the other games while keeping an eye on the Sunday night game. And for all the shit that we talked about, chief's derangement syndrome after week one when Bengals fans were doing the screenshots of the still frame of the, the pass interference that was actually pass interference. Yeah. The Falcons had a completely legitimate gripe against the Chiefs at the end of Southern Football. Correct. For that pass interference in the end. Correct. You got fucked on that. So I just wanted make sure that we said that out loud. That's not, but that's how they get you with the chief's derangement syndrome. Yeah. The the, the teams that, that complain too much about the, they cry Wolf about the other calls and then when it really happens, sometimes it slides under the radar.


Yep. You had every right to complain about that if you a talking fan Absolutely. And also complain about your stretch run on Fort Down. Yes. Also complained about that. Now part of that is that Kirk is definitely limited with his mobility right now. Of course. So they can kind of, they know that he's not gonna keep it, he's not gonna bootleg out, he's gonna stay relatively stationary. But that's kind of, that's usually when Kirk Cousins is at his best. Yeah. Is when he, it doesn't have to move too much. I I I just like them in this game because I think the, the Saints are going to struggle with the offensive line issues and the Falcons offensively. Have you seen it's like the tired, wired Tired is Bijan Robinson making incredible cuts and juke moves Wired is Bijan Robinson just blowing up people in the blocking game.


I like that. He's such a good blocker, dude. I I love running back pass protection. It's awesome. There's nothing better than seeing a running back. Just lay out a lineman Runback because they're always, because they're, they're always underdogs by nature. Yeah. In that setting. The guy who they're gonna block is going to be bigger than them every single time. And he had a couple, I, there was one in the Eagles game where he blew someone up. I think he had one in the, the Falcons game. So Yeah. Bijon, maybe Blocker of the Year. I love that. Should he get a vote For Block of the Year all Pro at Lyman? Yeah. Yeah. They should, they should give a, a vote or they should give a Pro Bowl position to just a blocking back just for third down. Yeah. So I, that's my new Bijan Robinson.


I love watching Bija Robinson. I've added just watching him block people as well. So This is also kind of a revenge game for the Falcons because if you remember last year, the way that the Saints Falcons game ended. Yeah. That was when the, the Falcons were getting beaten pretty badly. I'd like to forget every Desmond Ritter game. But go ahead And, and Jamis Winston did the handoff at the end. The, the victory formation handoff. That Was, that was for the Vibes, Which Jamis was being a good teammate and trying to get his boy touchdown. But the Falcons were pissed off about that. I does, I don't think that is a revenge game. Just because that was a Jameis going rogue. Yeah. And he is not on the Saints anymore.


I think they can use it. Yeah. I think they can use it. I think Raheem Morris might dial it up at least one time in, in film session this week. Like look what they think about you. But they might, like, I, I would imagine if you asked if you tried to get a Kirk, if you tried to get Kirk Cousins to buy in on the revenge factor, he'd be like, no. Jameis is a, you know, he's a God-fearing man just like me. He Stands up in front of his Team. I would respect him. Hey guys, let's turn the other Cheek. Yeah, right. Exactly. He's not a revenge type of guy. Yeah. But maybe the defense is. Maybe the Defense is Yes, that's true. I also think just the way that Jamis has been a star and so funny. You could never stay mad at him. He's, you know, of course not. You can never stay mad at Him. Of course not. You Just can't. Okay, next up.


Big game. Huge game Vikings at Packers Jordan Love might be back. Yeah. I believe he's gonna be back. I'm plan. I'm intending on him being back. I Think he's gonna be back. He practiced. There were rumors that he was like doing walkthroughs and shit last week. Yeah. He was actually practicing this week. I think he's gonna be back. So I, as much as I would love one more opportunity to bet against Malik Willis, it's been very financially productive for me. Yeah. I don't think I'm gonna get that this week. Now. I am, I think I'm a hundred percent in on the Vikings. Okay. That's funny because I have the exact opposite thought. I think I'm in on 'em. I don't think what they're doing is a fluke. I think that their defense is really confusing. And I think that Sam Donald, I don't know if Sam Donald's like a, a great starting quarterback at large in the NFL, but in this offense with this head coach, I think he's really, really good.


I don't think that there's anything fluke about it. I think for whatever reason it fits him. And I think I'm in on the Vikings this year, So I'm not saying, I'm not, everything you said, I, I somewhat agree with like, it's not fluky in the fact that I think they're a good team. I just think this is like their absolute sell high spot. Well it's, it's like everyone's, like the Vikings are are for real. the Vikings for real. I, I am, I am feeling like this is a spot where Sam Donald's gonna lay an egg and everyone's gonna get off the scent. And again, I I think they'll still be good. So I'm not gonna say if Sam Donald comes out and plays bad, I'm not gonna be like, oh, Vikings back to earth. They stink. It sounds like. I'm just gonna say, I expected he'll throw in a clunker once in a while.


That might happen this week. And that's actually where the Vikings wanna be because they want everyone off the set. It sounds like you're being a little bit anti-Emetic Anti And you're being anti-Semite Anti-Semite. I'm, I'm ProSite. Okay. I, I Don't know. What I've seen from him is really good. And also it's like strength for strength in this game. So the, the Packers have a really good run game and the Vikings I think have the best run defense and they've gone up against some pretty good running teams too. Well The Packers have also have a good run game because they had to run. That's true with Willis. So I don't, if Jordan loves back, I think the Packers are gonna win this game. And I might even take it if they're not back. I just, I, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe if I cans keep just rolling, but I feel like this is one of these three and oh teams is gonna have to lose this week.


It's a, it's A get right, get right week for for the favorites I think. You think so? It might be, See I'm also now Everyone's like, oh the underdogs, underdogs, underdogs. Right. I've also not had correct read on the Packers all season. Yeah, I think So. Keep that in, in the back of your Head. I like the Packers in this game. I just, again, I think the Vikings are probably a playoff team, but they do better work when everyone doesn't take them fully, fully for serious. Serious. So if they win this game, like it's a visualization game, they win this game, they're 4.0, they just beat the Packers. Maybe even throw in the lions losing on Monday night football. And so it's now 4.0 and everyone else is two and two in the NFC North. You're like, holy shit, they got a two game lead. I don't know, I just don't See it.


I also got that wrong. They're the second best against the rush in the NFL but still very good. Yeah. The Viking, Steve. Yeah. I just think The, the Packers will obviously be very different if Malik will is, if Jordan Love is back, they're not gonna run the same way. It would be good for your personal discourse if the Vikings happened to win and then you could say like, go back to Maek Willis for the past years. Oh are you kidding me? That's gonna be all I'm gonna talk about. Yeah. Yeah. No, if Jordan Love plays and loses, I'm gonna be a real fucking piece of shit online. 'cause it's all I got. Alright. You know what, let's talk about it. I think it's so Rams bears, I think the Bears are gonna win this game. Same if I'm following my model that I just talked about. I think it's also, but it's gross.


What's Your model? The game. It's a get right game. Get right, get right the get right week. The game after the kitchen sink is always tough because You don't have anything left to do anymore. You have nothing left, no leftovers. So there also is a stat behind that. Teams coming off of 14 Isn't kitchen sinks just like kitchen sink is just cleaning stuff. It's a phrase though. Throw everything. No, I Know, but but like, there's no left. It's just You got the garbage disposal. This is garbage disposal game For the ranch. You're throwing, you're throwing a bunch of like Windex at teams when you throw the kitchen sink at 'em. So wait, when you throw the kitchen sink, are you saying, is it like we're going to, we don't have anything left to eat, so we're gonna take everything that's the dirty stuff that's in the kitchen sink and scrape it off.


And that's what we're gonna have. I think it's everything. You can just pull the kitchen sink, kitchen sink out of the socket and throw that. Okay, so you have no food left? The No, no. The phrase is everything but the kitchen sink. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you're just leaving just the kitchen sink. You're packing up everything but the kitchen sink. Okay. So you still do have a kitchen sink? Yeah. You have a kitchen sink to piss in. Yeah, you have to. You have to be somewhere. The Rams past defense is really, really bad. Their entire defense is not great. They give up the most yards per play. So I think that this could, Hank might be right about this one. I feel Is this gonna be a Caleb coming out party? I mean he threw for 363 yards last week. I think he's gonna, I think he's already out. You think he's out?


Yeah, he's out. Okay. I think this, but if he goes, if he goes dummy this game, I think he's Out Already then I think that's the coming out party. Also, I said the Bears were gonna win this game before Hank said the gay bears were gonna win this game. That's fact. That's true. But Credit to Hank. He did. And if Bears lose this game, I'm gonna blame You. Yeah, that's fine. Is is your boy Keenan Allen gonna play this week? I believe he is. And I also believe they're finally gonna make the right call and have Roan Johnson's start So little teaser. He's probably gonna be my TD parlay. I think Rohan is, I mean you could see he's run, he's run a lot harder than, than Deandre Swift. Who, I don't wanna say Deandre Swift stinks because the offensive line is not great.


But Deandre Swift might fucking stink. Yes. Again, I'm I'm a bears guy. 'cause what I'm about to say is I know That The clip, there was a viral clip that went out on social media that was like someone breaking down film of Deandre Swift in slow motion running into his players and defenders. Those clips are bullshit. Agreed. When It's slow motion and it's like you have no time to think. Yeah, he he, it's a split second decision. He went Right. Instead of when he should have went left and you cherry pick those and put 'em in slow motion. Everything looks bad. Counterpoint. That's kinda your job is running back. Here's my right. But Like if you, but I'm saying you cherry pick the bad ones and compile them together, it's gonna look worse.


Right. Like there's a million of those every game. Yeah. Even for good run backs and every running back doesn't get it. Right. Yep. Film the film community online has gotten a a little away from itself. Where there are people I, I follow who I trust who will show good and bad, but there's also an entire group of Phil from community that will like just highlight one play and be like, what is this team doing? This guy's ass, this guy stinks. Look at how bad they are. I think it's 'cause you can get paid off Twitter now and they just know that they hate Yeah. Hate. Yeah. They'll just put up those bad clips and it's just like, okay, can you like one, we don't know what everyone's, that's the other part is with the film. I, I I trust some people, but I also think there's a lot of people who think they're film experts and they, you don't know what everyone's assignment is on every single play.


Yeah. And they just kind of guess and they try to highlight one bad block or one bad run. This guy stinks With running backs too, where they have the, the still shots of where there's a hole. Sometimes the hole's not even there by the time the running back gets there. Correct. It's just if you find a screenshot and there's open space, it's rushing di disinformation is what it is. Correct. And so we gotta be on high alert for it. What were you gonna say? I was just gonna say that like Deandre Swift has been in a lot of Eagles talk. Oh, you want him back? No. Oh. The, like how much better The Eagle's offensive line is. Yes. Correct. Correct. That's a no brainer. Also Say and how much better sha Juan Barkley is Than, than Deandre Swift.


Yes. I like that because They were like, Deandre Swift had these same, like these same running lanes as Saquon Barkley's getting this year. And we're seeing the difference. Oh, that makes me feel so much better because I saw someone posted the other day, they were like, We don't, I don't think Deandre Swift's the best player ever, but maybe it's not all Deandre Swift And. it was like Deandre Swift yards per carry. It was like 5.0, 4.8, 4.7, 5.2. And then this year it's like 1.6. But that makes sense. He's not, he was a system running back. He had a great offensive line. So seems like a nice guy by the way. I'm not trying to bash him. I I would, I would count this as a Caleb coming out party because the Bear's offense is last right now in DVOA.


So if he has a good game Nerds stat cool. If he has A good game, he had fucking the most yards since Brian Hore in 2016. So 363 yards and if we're going off the trend of him doubling his previous yardage Yeah. Which has happened every game this year. He will have 626 yards passing this week or more. Love it would be a record. Love It. He's already out. I don't need Nerd Stats to know. He's already out. He's been out. He's been out. I'm saw some that that too. He had been out. Yeah. And the Rams are still very injured, but I don't know if they win this game. There's, I guess I should start getting nervous about my pinky. Yeah. I mean the Rams are put together with like duct tape and bubblegum right now.


Yeah. But their coach is so good and their Quarterback's so good. If you look at Coach v coach in this game. Oh yeah. One team has a pretty big advantage. I was thinking about this recently about your Pinky team. Remember last year when or before the year you were like hyping up Matt Stafford to an MVP because you could See this team I did this year. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, no, it it's stupid. Yeah. You were, you had this whole thought process of how like the Rams could go on a run. Matthew Stafford's so good. Yeah. This is gonna I could, I could. Yeah. You just went, Went full 180 in two Weeks. Yeah. Everyone's gonna like, I'm gonna get all this credit for saying that Matthew predicting Matthew Stafford's MVP season. When I say all this discredit, like literally no one gimme any credit.


What did it cost? My pinky? Yeah. Yeah. The Bears, I mean the Bears Defense is good enough where I think that they'll be able to take advantage of having a bunch of starters out on the Rams offense. Yeah. Defense. The question is, is the defense on the Rams gonna be as bad 'cause they, they're lasting yards allowed 425 yards a game. No other team gives up more than 400 yards a game. Yeah. So they're last by a big margin. Yeah. That also is that game against the Cardinals where they just got torched coming up. Right. Like where, you know, the, the, we're at that weird spot where three games is the sample size. So it's, I start trusting stats, but I you're also to say if you have one bad game, then you could be the worst in everything. Yeah. Alright. Steelers of cults.


I have a question. This might sound crazy because I'm not the biggest Anthony Richardson fan, but is Anthony Richardson potentially better than, or can he play better than Kirk Cousins's first game after an Achilles injury Rookie or Bo Nicks and a significantly hurt Justin Herbert without Rashaan Slater and Joe Alt. I think he can. So maybe they, he can have better success against the Steelers defense than the first three teams they played. I'm not saying the Steelers defense isn't good. Yeah. They have not played a gauntlet of quarterbacks. The Steelers defense is really, really good. It Is.


But they've also not played a gauntlet of quarterbacks. And could Anthony Richardson maybe play better than those three things I listed and win this game? I think he could. But also the Steelers, they have a formula and they're just gonna, they're gonna bleed you out on offense. They're gonna run the ball. They're not gonna turn the ball over and then their defense is gonna suffocate you. Yeah. I feel like the Steelers, they're gonna be a very, they're gonna be one of those teams that people are like, how is their record so good this year? It's because they, I love the fact that they just know who they are and they don't give a fuck. Yeah. Yeah. Big time. Big time. Also, Justin Field's playing pretty well. Yes, he is. And Mike Tomlin has refused to name a starter. I think he's just gonna do, we're gonna ride with Justin until, until the wheels fall off.


And then we'll put Russ in. Why, Why do they need, why do they cater to Russ like this? He hasn't done anything. I, I don't understand. Like, we watched him. He was, he's not good anymore. I think Russ kind of needs to be catered to. Yeah. They need to bring in, they need to basically do bar rescue the Steelers if this quarter, if this becomes a quarterback controversy in any way or messes with Justin Fields's confidence, they should do bar rescue. Sean Peyton. And he just comes in and he just shits on Sean, on Russ. And he's like, all right, I've done my job. I'm out. That would be fun. Also, Mike Tomlin should tell his medical staff to like secretly treat Russ Wilson incorrectly. Like give him heat when he needs ice. Yeah. Give him ice when he needs heat. So he's still got that nagging little injury in his calf.


I don't think you have to be secret about it. You could just tell him this is a new formula to get back on the field. Yeah. Listen, this is a, it's actually inspired by the blockchain. Yeah. And so it's next level shit. So we're doing like crypto healing on you. Yeah. And just wait, it's gonna work really well. And then Russ will be like, yes. Okay. That sounds like it's preparing me for excellence. Yes. Yeah. And then just keep Justin out there. Is is, this is Steelers Cults one of those weird games. I somehow remember, maybe it's because of the playoff game and the, and Roethlisberger tackle or no, it was Peyton Manning tackle. Of, of, Sorry. No, it's Ben Roethlisberger tackle of Bob Sanders. I think That's right. That's Right. Mike Vander. Jack missed the fuel goal. Yeah. Yeah. He got, he got it. Was it? I don't think it was Bob Sanders. 'cause remember it was, the story was that the guy got stabbed the night Before.


Oh yeah. It wasn't Bob Sanders. Yeah. Yeah. It was somebody else. But I don't know why I always like, I can just remember a lot of Steelers cult schemes and they have never once played in Pittsburgh. Well, I think was that when Harbaugh was on the Colts and they lost to the Steelers in The A FC championship game? Maybe. But I'm saying in like the last 20 years, they've only played in, in Indie in my Mind. Yeah. I don't, again, This is not a real stat, but in my mind they've only played in Indie. It's a sneaky good uniform matchup. It is, it is. It's very good. But yeah, I feel like they play every year and they play always in indie. Yep. That, that might be one of those, you know how Notre Dame will play in neutral sites, but they're not neutral because they're Notre Dame. They're be like, oh, we'll go play game in Texas.


Yeah. That's kind of like the Steelers game in Indie every year. Yeah. Because it's a drive And Steelers fans travel anyway. Yep. We have the giveaway too. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah, that's right. Okay, so what do we wanna do for the Colts? I think we go, took the giveaway. Hold on, let's get the, let's get the who, who got Sack tackled. Oh, if they have that jersey. Yeah. Which is kind of sad, But he survived. No, no. I know if they have the jersey because they lost The game. Okay. And That was like, if he didn't get, if he didn't get stabbed, maybe he would've been, okay, let's see. That was such a crazy play. Who did you just say?


Who did R Roth Ben Berger tackle. No. Yeah. Who did Ben Berg Tackle? It's Harper Jerome Bettis Fumble. Harper Harper. If you have a Harper Cols jersey, let us know and we will give you two free tickets to the Col Steelers game in Indie this weekend. It's Nick Harper. Nick Harper. Nick Harper. Do we have a, do we have backup plan? If nobody has a Nick Harper? I would. I Would. Bryce Harper. Okay. If you have a, if you have a Colts Bryce Harper Jersey. Yep. And wanna go to the game. And I tell you what, if we don't get any people that have the Nick Harper or Bryce Harper Colts jersey by like, I don't know, you wanna say 2:00 PM Yeah.


If there's a Steeler's Colt's like a good custom or a good custom Ben Burger jersey. Yeah. They wanna travel with, Oh no, we don't want to give these tickets to the Steelers. Yeah. We don't want to give them a home advantage. Yeah. I might get my season tickets taken away by Mr. Erse. How about we do a couple, we'll do the couple, if there's a, a Colts and Steelers fan couple, But Nick Harper and Bryce Harper's Colts jerseys take That gets priority. Yeah. Priority. How would you even make a bracelet? Would you do the, would it be a cults jersey with like the, the lettering style of the Phillies? It'd be Harper 34. Yeah, but the, and also the lettering. You know that. Not 34. He's not 34. Not 34. What is he now? Shit, he is three, not number three.


Okay. I thought you were Trying to say, okay, continue. I thought, I thought you were doing a bit There. What? No. That Like he's a national. Yeah. Well it was a bit, well I, I only recognized him when he wore number 30 for The national good bit. Fucking Got when he brought us to World Series. Got him. Ha. Fuck you Max. You got got bitch. Remember that when he left and then that was A great, he Got's Talk at the end of this postseason. Yeah, I'm gonna bet on the Phillies. We will. Okay, next up. Memey Broncos of jets. Now here's a question. Well actually not a question. The stat for you, Nathaniel Hackett in his career is one and oh in revenge games against the Broncos average margin of victory.


10.0. Hmm. That's a nice, neat. That's Pretty crazy. Right? Point zero. That is crazy. This is a double revenge game today. Yeah. 'cause we got Zach, right? Zach Wilson. Well we have, oh yeah. And Aaron Rogers didn't get to avenge his boy, But he said he didn't care about it. No, he cares. He said it's, he said that a lot of people say things they regret and Aaron Rogers definitely or not, not they regret. What was the exact quote? I wrote it down. That's old news. We've all said things we'd like to take back. So kind of regret Is this when Zach Wilson makes Aaron Rogers life? Hell No. I think Sean Payne should make Zach Wilson a captain for this game. Agreed. And Sean and Sean Payne's the kind of coach that would do that.


I bet you you're right. And I bet you you, he somehow gets into the game on like some weird play A gadget. Yeah. Like a Philly Special Bronco special. They just try to, they just tried to force him in. Yeah. It'd be very funny if he got into the game and tried to run a Philly special and just got blown up. Yeah. I didn't, Not meme style, but like by defender. I didn't love Bo Nicks saying that he is excited to meet Aaron Rogers. I guess you can say it, but that is kind of weird still. He said it's kind of surreal. Really looking forward to forward to meeting him for the first time. Yeah, I don't like that You're about to Play him. Yeah, I don't like that at all. And you also are, you're going up against The, A Revenge Po again.


Do I have to read this out again? And Hackett's one and Oh. All time in revenge games against the Broncos 10.0 average margin of Victory Memes. How do you feel about Ou? Nu I love him. And Aaron Rogers said he reminds him of Derick Shot Ferguson. That's a good comparison. That's a phenomenal comparison. That is a Phenomenal Morgan Moses. Is he He's officially out. Yeah, about two to four weeks. It was a MCL spraying. Did he go out leaning on his staff? That's A good one. Thank you. To Bries. To Bries shop Ferguson doesn't get enough credit for having the coolest name ever. Agreed. He was Just an absolute stud too. Yeah. He needs more credit. We need to remember how cool DeShaw Ferguson's name is Because Debrickshaw is an awesome first name.


So much Fun to say. But when you match it up with Ferguson Yeah. It's like Vince McMahon meme in the chair. Just exploding at the end. Yeah, the Ferguson sets it off. Yeah. We have to do a review of that doc. Do we? Yeah. I'm just interested to watch it because Vince McMahon came out and said that it was all fake news before the doc came out, which means I really wanna watch it now. Yeah. It's Like, yeah, I watched the first two episodes last night. It's pretty fucking crazy. Oh yeah, he's, he's done a lot of crazy fucked up things. He's Vince McMahon. Yeah, it's like that governor from North Carolina that was like, I don't know what's about to come out but it's all gonna be lies. Yeah. Well I Won't, yeah, I won't spoil it. But they started, like, the first episode was basically saying they interviewed all these, all the The A list WWE people for a documentary.


And then after doing a ton of the interviews, all of the allegations and the report and the Wall Street Journal stuff came out. So all the interviews with Vince were done before that. And then it starts with this interview being like, alright, I'll, you know I'm talking about me, I'll tell you guys the good stuff. But he's like, I should tell you the real stories but I can't like I don't want you to know the real me. Yeah. And. it was like, ugh. Yeah, I mean the dark side of the ring. If and if people haven't watched that, it's phenomenal. Obviously it's not every single episode's about Vince, it's about all wrestling. But yeah, wrestling is crazy and there's crazy fucked up stories behind it. Can we get somebody to look up the stat, the teams that stay at the Greenbriar when they're staying on the East coast, what is their record after staying at that specific place?


Champagne West loves the Greenbrier. I I think it might be one of those things that like Bill Parcell's taught him. Yeah. Like this is the hotel and then he's just grown up like as a head coach always going back to the Greenbriar. Yeah. He's got like a points card there. He Loves that Place. I think he's got a points card at the Greenbriar. But that's, that's where they chose to stay. Harbaugh for some reason, chose to stay in Charlotte. He did not choose to stay at the Greenbriar. Yes. Mistake. And teams this year are oh and one staying in Charlotte. Charlotte, yeah. Except for the Panthers who won a game. No, but they didn't stay in Charlotte that day. They didn't? No, They were in Las Vegas. Okay, there you go. Yeah. No team. Yeah, the no team has won. No teams have won in staying in Charlotte because the Panthers lost. Okay. Yeah. We Gotta, we'll fine tune That.


But I'm saying the Green Briar specifically, I wanna know what the, what the record is. If there's that stat available out there, I would like to as well. I wanna know if there's any magic in those hills. I would like to as well. I know we don't do football guy of the week anymore, but Alex Singleton wins football guy of the week. Did you guys see this story? He tore his ACL against the box. He's a linebacker for the Broncos. Then went on to have, he did it in the first quarter, went on to have 10 tackles after the game, was like, hey, I'm a little sore. And they looked at him like, yeah dude, you got a torn ACL Respect. It's crazy. Massive respect. I'm a little sore. It also makes me question everyone that has an ACL injury. Phil Rivers, he played in The A championship Game. Yeah. I think we're ACL truthers.


I think ACL is. Yeah. Someone told, it's basically like when you get told as a kid, like, don't go swimming after eating tu fish or like, don't do this. You know, something that scares you. If you, if you make a funny face and get hit in the back, you'll be stuck in that face. Don't take a shower during a a thunderstorm. You'll get electrocuted. Don't stand too close to the microwave. It'll give you cancer. Yeah. Pop rocks and and and soda. Yeah. Those type of things. Maybe that's just all an ACL is like don't tear your ACL, you'll be out for nine months. No. How is that true? You can still play On it. It might be a trick that football coaches give where they tell players you have a torn ACL and if you choose to play through it, then you know that you're tough. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe an ACL isn't that bad.


Also, I just wanted to say Patrick Strat deserves a lot of credit for being a fucking stud. I know there was a couple pi calls in the Steelers game, but he has gone up against DK Metcalf week one. Mike Evans, right? Yeah. Three receptions, 29 yards. George Pickens, two receptions, 29 yards. Mike Evans, two receptions, 17 yards. Yeah. He's fucking awesome. Very Good. And he makes everything else work. When you have a guy like that who can just eliminate someone. Okay, next up. So Garrett Wilson, not, not his day. We can continue the narrative of Aaron. Does Aaron Rogers hate Garrett Wilson. I love that. That happens whenever one receiver isn't playing well with Aaron Rogers. It it's because he hates him. Yeah. He won't talk to Him.


And it's also funny because what did you think was gonna happen he got Alan Lazar on the team. He's gonna throw it to him. Bad vibes. He likes 'em. Bad Vibes from Garrett Wilson Eagles at Box Max. Max. Would you say Max, please rank the top five players on the Eagles when fully healthy? Three of them will not be playing in this game. Oh, well you gotta ruin it. I wanted you to rank 'em and then we could figure out where they are. But yes, three of them will not be playing this game. How would you rank the top five players? Lane Johnson won. Lane Johnson, AJ Brown, Cooper, deje.


Read Blanket Chip. Jalen Carter. Jalen Hurtz. Devonte Smith. Okay, so three of the top five Yeah. Are not playing in this game. Yeah, that's a problem. That's a big problem. Is this a get right game for Bryce Huff? Nah, he sucks. I'm done with him. I've been done with him. We, we told you last week, going to the Bucks game that the bucks allow people to get to, to Baker Mayfield faster than any other quarterback gets gotten to, like the time after Snap people are getting to Baker and I think they sacked him seven times last week. This might be the get right game for Bryce. No, it'll just be Jalen Carter eating again. Okay. I hate Bryce off. He sucks. That's Sad. That's sad that you turned on so fast.


Sorry. Do you think you're gonna win this game? Honestly, it makes no sense that they're two point, that they're two point favorites in this game. Explain that to me. I really can't. That's the, don't make the only reason. I think that they might 'cause that that line makes zero sense. The only thing I can think of is the Bucks just might, we might have gotten way too ahead of ourselves with the Bucks. You know, I know the win against the Lions was big, but the Bucks got dominated in that game on the stat sheet. They won the game maybe and then they got, then they lost to a oh and two Broncos team. The Eagles are two in one and oh, by the way, they're dominating on the stat sheet the other way.


Like they dominated the Saints. So maybe the Eagles are Good. I need to, I need to, I need to rewind. I, I didn't se know. I you said because you, you know why, because you're obsessed with Jalen Carter. I am obsessed with Jalen Carter. Yeah, you got Blinded by Jalen Carter. I know that, that Eagles fans are gonna be pissed at Me. Wait, so who's, who's out? I think Jalen Carter. Nah. Is he out? Nah, nah. Devonte, I, I'll take Jalen Carter over Devante. Fuck then that. No one wants to hear me say the three out of the top six. Alright, fine. I'll take Jalen. I'll take Jalen Carter out. Okay. No, He's six. Well, Max tried to trade away Jalen hurts on Wednesday's show. That's true. I would, I would take that trade. Yes. I know. That makes me so happy.


Yeah, I mean that's just, that's just math. I've just been going through the list this week. Like I'm a real sicko. I get one sniff of, of victory and I start to think to myself, who would I take a trade for? Pat? I'd trade him for Patrick Mahomes. I would Here, I don't if I would PFTI don't know if you would. Patrick's kind of Been bad. I, I think, I think I would trade, I think I would trade Jayden Daniels for Patrick Mahomes and the other trade that I would consider for the rights to Arch Manning and every future manning throughout American history. Get the bloodline. So then I get like a hundred years of sustained Success. Yeah, I like that. I like that a lot. Besides that, no deal. Get The whole bloodline.


Yeah, I, I think the Eagles might win because it makes no sense. Line makes no sense. But they have, I think that they might win. I think They might win Their offense Para. It's, it's Johan, Dotson, Paris Campbell, Johnny Wilson. That's your receiving room on ugh, On Sunday. Brent Covey. Yeah. Brent Covey ir to his shoulder. Someone Look up is Vi two Bay still out? That might be a, a way to just pound the rock, I guess. But then you're missing your top lineman. Your your, Your best offense like this. But it makes no sense. So I'm gonna take That's Exact. It makes no sense on the road. Why are they two point favorites? I with their entire offense out? I love the, the battle of the stupid coaching styles going at one another.


So you've got, you got Todd Bowles, who is the most conservative coach in the NFL when it comes to fourth downs and going for it. And then you've got Nick Ciani who is just stupidly reckless sometimes with going forward Fourth downs. I would just say stupid. Stupid. Yeah. But it, but his stu at least his stupidity is consistent, Consistently inconsistent. Vito Vey returned to practice yesterday. Ah, it makes no sense Stu, because he is stupidly, he does make no rhyme or reason. Yeah. Alright. I, I like the Eagles. I think we talked our way through it. I like the Eagles Specifically because Vegas knows something. Don't like the Eagle. Yeah, no, because Vegas knows something. Yeah. I I, it makes no sense.


It makes no sense. The only sense I can think of is, like I said, if you look at the way the Bucks have won, like they got doubled up in yard in yards per play in yards is not indicative of everything. But there are certain box, like a 15, 12 game that you won against the Saints. If you looked at the box where you're like, oh, that was a really close game, the Eagles were able to move the ball. The Saints weren't, like, that's a fact. Same with the Bucks and the Lions. The the, the Bucks beat the Lions. If you watch that game, the Lions were able to move the ball. They just couldn't get it in the end zone, which is part of the game. But yeah, I think we take the Eagles as a team. Hank's been saying, get right for the Favorites. Okay, next up Bengals of Panthers.


This is finally a do or Die game. Yeah, I would say so. I would say if, if the, if the Bengals lose this one, they're season's cooked, starting going four would be very, very tough, if not impossible to come back from. Yep. And if you look at the schedule, which is one of the easiest in the NFL in theory for the Bengals moving forward, if you lose the, the game against the Panthers, then you can't count anything as a win. I'd Agree. Did you know that Andy Dalton won the FedEx Aaron Ground player of the week? I think Jayden Daniels won a bunch of awards too. But did you know that was the first time in Panther's history? A player won the air, the FedEx Aaron Ground player of the week. So FedEx wasn't a, a sponsor when Cam Newton, I, I think they were, I think the awards been around for like two decades.


So in his MVP season, he didn't, I I don't think he ever had a week where he won it. That's strange. Yeah. This is the first time any Panthers quarterback has earned this honor in the 22 year history of the award. That's very strange. Yes. No Cam Newton somehow No Jake Delo, But yeah. That's crazy. Jake Delo. That's crazy. I I think Andy Dalton is just still, I think he's just still good. I think he's a, a perfectly fine quarterback. And this is a revenge game too. It is a revenge game without Adam Thilan. And he got, he got the surprise factor. I think maybe this is, this is maybe the game that Bengals, they have to win one. Yeah. Because they have To win one because Their offense is still very good. Yeah. Do you know someone, I saw this online, someone was tweeting about this, that they did the playoff predictors calculator thing and there is a world where the Bengals win out 14 and three and miss the playoffs.


Yeah. Yeah. Because other teams can win like 15. Yeah. Someone Did a, it has the, it has the Steelers is 14 two and one winning the N-F-C-A-C north. It has the Chargers is 14 two and one, it as the chief says 13 two and two Two ties. It has the Jaguars at the four seed being 14 and three. Love that. The Texans at 14 and three, the dolphins at 14 and three, the bill's at 14 and three. Yeah. Let's, let's, I mean, that would be chaos if there's, if there's a team out there with two tires, There's, I love how, I mean, that guy had to just sit there forever hitting just every single iteration to try to find the formula. Listen, as a team that, that oftentimes find, finds himself at about four and eight after 12 games.


I'm very experienced with manipulating the playoff predictor. It's, it's, you can spend a half hour on there and get any result that you want. Would That be the craziest sports story? Like ever if they won 14 in a row and still didn't make the playoffs? Yeah, probably. I'm rooting for it now. How about that? So yeah. So Adam Thilan out is gonna be a, I think a pretty big deal. Yes. Because Andy Dalton loves him. He's still good. Adam Thilan is still an effective wide receiver Yes. When he has an, like an actual quarterback that's throwing the ball to him. So Yeah, I do like, I like the Bengals in this one. My question for, for Bengals fans out there, I think that you agree with me on this. Why is Chase Brown not getting the ball more? Yeah. Why do they keep, why do they keep having Zach Moss be their number one guy?


Because Chase Brown is so much more dynamic. I agree. Than Zach Moss is. I agree. It doesn't make any sense. I was cheering so loud to put Zach Moss back in the game when I was, when I was at the game on Monday night. 'cause he's, he's not bad. He's not a bad running back. But Chase Brown is so much better. Yes, I'd agree. I'd agree. I, I don't, it doesn't make sense. Maybe this is just an off Bengals year because you know Zach Taylor has only finished fourth or first in The. A FC North. Yeah. So this might be number four. It just feast or famine. His first year obviously was before Burrow. So it was two and 14 H How sick would it be if Joe Burrow got rid of the frosted tips before this game? But he did it by dyeing his hair red. Oh, so we have a ginger off.


Yeah, that'd be nice. We should just mock 'em. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think this is the last early slate. And then we have a few late Slates Jaguars at Texans. The Jaguars are in trouble. We have some Doug Peterson quotes. I'll read you the first one. He said, listen, the speeches are done. The speeches are over. We don't need any more rah rah stuff. It's just time to go play football, fix the mistakes and do everything we can to play our best football this weekend. Isn't that kind of a speech? Yeah. Isn't that kind of a rah rah? Yeah. The speeches are over. No more speeches. It's on you, man. Yeah. No more rah rah is rah rah. Yeah. Like we gotta just play.


Yeah. It might be time for a players only meeting in, in Jacksonville. Yes. Well, everything is on the table. He said that's a bad sign. Also, he said that we've had great conversations before and after football games when talking about his relationship with Shad Kahn. There's no way they've had great conversations after these Football games. No, I'm thinking through all their losses this year. And I don't think a single one would have a positive. Maybe the week one being like, man, we're real close to that. Dolphins winning Good First half. Yeah, good first half, Doug. There's just no way that he's, there's no way they're having great conversations. So Hank was, he was all over the Bill Belichick to Jacksonville. Did you get that from Albert Breer by any chance?


Hank? No. That was just you. That's From his grain. Just you love that. Well now Albert Briar's talking about it too. Hey, Albert Breer got it from Hank. Yeah. Got it. From Hank. Come on. So Albert, please credit your sources, please. I'm starting to think that there might be some truth to it. It would look weird. Don't get me wrong. That that might be the one uniform that I think Bill Belichick would look the weirdest wearing in terms of those colors. The, the Jaguar head on his polo shirt. I don't, I can't visualize it. But then again, I think when we talked about the weirdest uniforms Tom Brady could wear, I think the bucks were right up there at the top. Yeah. Like, I can't picture it. So Hank might, you might be onto something and I think that's what you wanna root for. Hank Cowboys would be the Best.


Yeah. Cowboys. But if you're just For the, just for the takes. It's bigger in Dallas. Yeah. Outside of the Cowboys though. Like you don't, it's gonna be weird for you to see Belichick coaching another team. Just like, it was weird for Tom Brady and like PFT said, you almost want it to be the most random. It doesn't feel almost real if he's the Jaguar's head coach. Yeah. Yeah. I think anywhere. Not in AFC East is fine though. What about the Giants? Yeah. No, Because that could be open. Yeah. I could see him and, and he loves the, he loves the Mars. I could see him. He's got A couple rings There. I know he is never put on a Giants pillow before, but I could see it that heard a lot. I could, I could visualize it. You should do a Photoshop. I'm visualizing it. It feels a little grainy to me. Yeah, he looks good.


He looks younger. He Looks skinny. Yeah. Could happen. He looks skinny. I would Hate that. So I'm rooting for that. Just, just because Hank could hate that I blindsided you with that one. Yeah. Which shouldn't be, it makes too much sense. Yeah. There. Yeah. Also, here's another Doug Peterson quote. The confidence is high. Again, no chance. There's no way the confidence is high with the Jaguars right now. What's the best team they've ever assembled? I do feel that we have to just focus in on us internally as keep and keep things nice and tight. So they're doing the nice and tight. You know, we gotta, the guys in this locker room, eliminate the mistakes that are happening and try to play your best football. Didn't the Jaguars beat the Texans in Houston last year?


I know they beat 'em one time. Yeah. I feel like that was one of those ones where the Jaguars kind of own the Texans for a while because The Jaguars, they were very, very good at the beginning of last year. Yes, That's right. I, yeah, I, I liked, I liked the Texans in this game. 'cause I, part of me wants to, to try to figure out he, how can I, how can I, time the Jaguars correctly figure this out? I think maybe I can't and they just think I might try to time the Jaguars on this. Okay, Go for It. My, I might try my guess. Is it seven points? It is seven I believe. Yes. I might try to time 'em. Good Luck. Good luck, buddy. I might, this is a bad, bad idea, but I think I'm gonna do it.


Okay. Time 'em, I'm gonna time 'em. Time 'em. Is this the week? The week? Don't do it this week. You could, you could, you could say you're gonna time 'em. No, this is the week and wait to time 'em this. No, this is the week. What? I'm not gonna delay my timing of them. What this is the week. It's an, it's a divisional matchup. And guess what? They pay these guys on the Jaguars to play football too. Facts. That's facts. These Guys are professional football players. Mees, I just looked over at memes, was doing like a meathead nod, like nice squat, bro. He's just going like this. Yeah. Memes, nose, memes, nose ball. Listen, no more time for rah rah speeches. Time for speeches Is over. Jack Wass, your head coach isn't gonna talk to you anymore. Okay? It's on you guys. Men. You wanna be men, go out there and prove it. Yeah. Prove to me that's your men, boys. 'cause I'm not gonna say anything boys, man.


And we're, and we're not gonna do rah rahs, No rah rahs and No speeches. Now Let's go out there and get 'em. Yeah. Fuck it. Stay tight. It's all the guys in this locker room, but we're not doing speeches. Yeah, I love that. Yeah. I think the techs are gonna win this game. But we're gonna talk, you know what, I'll time with you. Let's time it. I'm not Saying the Jaguars are gonna win No cover, Cover. This Is I I'm giving a speech to them to cover. Yeah, Let's time it now. Let's, lets go out there and cover. There's no time better than today to time the Jaguars because they don't play today. So we couldn't actually lose today. That's true. Patriots of 49 ERs. This is like a, they're gonna check into the game one time.


And that was Patriots 49. You talking about on Red Zone? Yeah. You're watching, if you're watching Redone here. Watching the Yeah. The Prime time. Four o'clock Fox Game or CBS, whatever it is, they'll cut to this game maybe once, maybe twice. It'll probably be gross. Get right game for the favorites. Yeah. Not a lot of confidence. Not A lot of confidence. So I, I have an interesting nugget here that we can talk about. Do you wanna hear a nugget? Yeah. All right. So hear Lot Of nuggets. Stop me if you've heard this before, but Kyle Anne had a lead and then he refused to run the ball and he passed too much and then lost the game that happened last week. The Patriots are not, I wouldn't say that they're a an aggressive pass happy offense.


They're not built to, to blow you out by taking shots. Downfield. Would that be fair to say, Hank? Yep. They some, for some reason did that last week. Especially at the start, they threw the ball a fucked ton. I feel like this is a double correction game. Oh, Where Shanahan fresh off his, oh shit. I did the Super Bowl thing again. Is gonna pound the rock. And the Patriots are also gonna pound the rock at, it's gonna be a rock off. Which Yeah, like adds up to my point being, it's gonna be like a, a 13 to three game. You think it's a 13 to three game? I think four. Nine 16 to three.


Yeah. Who? 49 ERs. Oh. I think the four nine ERs might score a little bit more than that. Patriots defense looks Slow. I mean, follow the trend. Biggest underdog. True. Hank, I don't believe in you. Hank get Right. Do it For who? The, the favorites. It could be a get right. For the Patriots. Yeah. You, you've, you've got conflicting get rights going on. No, I've been steadfast. Do you think we see Drake May at all Year? I think it's a, I think it's a, I hope not. Yeah. Even in the, in the, in the one drive that he played, he got crushed. Yeah. When do you want to see Drake? May, When we have an offensive line that can block for Him. So not until next year and Maybe the year after. Yeah, next year.


Okay. Are you saying shut Rick may down for the season? Not shut him down, but I, I would not get like, I, I get more scared than excited if he goes in. I think that's fair. Yeah. Because again, what's the best, what's the best case scenario if he plays Well, even if you, well, if you went out, you could gu you guarantee yourself a playoff spot. 'cause you already have that one win. So by the math that we just went through, you could clinch if you won, if you won out, you control your own destiny. Yeah, you Could. Yeah. I guess that I don't, I don't see it that way, but in theory you're right. Yeah. Super Bowl goes through Foxborough this year. Right. I don't, I I don't know if the 49 ERs are not good because they're hurt or maybe this is just the year from hell for them.


Or maybe, I don't know. So Christian McCaffrey, it was reported earlier this week. He took a little trip to Germany to see a doctor. To me. Crazy. To me that doesn't crazy. That doesn't sound like there's a whole lot of reason for optimism when he's going to Europe to see a doctor. Did you hear Ryan Whitney say that he heard a rumor that he's might retire. Really? Yeah. That seems crazy. Whitney also, I mean he is going, he's on in a minute here. But like he's stick to hockey buddy. He can do the rumor boys for hockey. He actually admitted in the interview that's coming up that they just fuck around a lot with Rumors. Yeah. So that's another's A Crazy rumor. It's a crazy rumor. Definitely not true. Crazy. You can't say that stuff in a podcast.


It be crazy if it was true. It's Crazy. If it was was true, it'd be crazy. Where Did he hear it from? I don't know. He said someone from Baral, but I don't know. I didn't ask him who it was. I mean these walls, if they could talk Yeah, they'd be like, Chris MCC CRE might retire. Well So Whitney, he was, it's so crazy Kind. Believe It Is. Right? He was out on the golf course earlier this week. Yeah, Whitney was. Yeah. Do you think he heard it on the golf course from somebody who Knows? Who knows. So yeah, McCaffrey is in Germany seeing a doctor for experimental reasons. I guess Kobe did this. Yeah. Well, German doctors experiments doesn't always turn out so good. No. If he was gonna retire. Do you think it's a situation where he goes to Germany and the German guy tells him he has to retire? And that's what, that's what cues it off.


I think The ger I think you go to Germany as the last stop. Right. But they, you go to Germany and they're like, We don't got any of that. Yeah. Well the German told me to quit, so I quit. Yeah. Imagine if FDR felt that way, Hank, I don't know. It's weird. Hank would Be crazy. Whitney again, wi Yeah. If, what's if if we see Christopher McCaffrey this year, Whitney, you're, it's despicable what you did. And if Christopher McCaffrey does in fact retire, we should get to find out who the source is and give that person credit. So what, what would the reason be for, for going to Germany? Is he getting a treatment done that's not, that's not legal in the United States. I think they just have, they, they do a lot of like stem cell stuff.


I think I I It's Kobe did it with his knees. Yeah. So They probably just have, I don't know. You get another opinion. Okay. You get bored of getting second opinions just down the street. You're like, ah, let's go to Germany. It might, might help. What is, is it like, is it like Turkey for hair plugs? Like there's just something That's what I was thinking. Something Yeah. That German doctors can do that American doctors can't. Germany. Yeah. Well some American doctors are very, very good at doing hair plugs. Hank, that's true. Really good. But, Okay, so are It's Cheaper. But that wouldn't make sense for McCaffrey. Like, like people go to Turkey for hair plugs 'cause they don't wanna pay the premium that Americans cost. It's a bunch of like collegiate athletes flying back on German Airways and they've all got their knees wrapped up. Yeah. Like what?


But Chris McCaffrey doesn't. All right. I'm finding it out for you right now. All right. So it's a, there's a German doctor in that does a, it's referred to as kin, also known as Ortho Kin. According to web D md it is a type of regenerative medicine that uses your own blood to treat your joint pain. This serum is made from your blood. It's treated in such a way that it produces anti-inflammatory protein called IL one receptor antagonist. This protein may change your body's inflammatory response and improve any damage to your cartilage. So it sounds like it's a procedure that We don't do in the states.


People who have done it are Kobe Bryant, Peyton Manning, tiger Woods, trace McGrady and Freddy Couples. That's funny. That boom boom went and Did it. Yeah. Freddy Couples. Yeah. That's pretty cool. Yeah. So it's probably, yeah. So I probably doesn't happen here. And it what? I remember when Kobe did it, like his knees bounced back for Yeah. Another year or two. I do think that there's something to having a, a doctor with an accent tell you something. Correct. That makes it sound more official. Yes. Like if I hear a foreign, especially like a European accent from a doctor. Yeah. You feel like you're in Rocky Four. I'm like, that guy knows what he's doing. Yeah. Alright. That was our Patriot's 49 years preview. Whatever happened to just going to see Dr. James Andrews, He doesn't do this kind Of stuff. Good. Solid American Achilles. He doesn't do this kind of stuff.


Browns, Raiders. I like the Raiders just because of the business decisions that were talked About. Yeah. But is he overreacting? No. I saw some of the tape I Saw, I saw one cornerback that looked like he was completely checked out during one play. I saw A few. But you don't check out on Antonio Pierce team. That's right. But I just feel like he's, he might be doing the, the hard ass first year head coach thing. Like he might be overcorrecting where he is saying he might also bench Gardner Menchu. I mean, they lost to a team that hadn't had a lead in the fourth quarter for 20 games. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it, that Was pretty embarrassing. You, you have to fix things. Yeah, for sure. But I get the feeling like Antonio Pierce is doing the, it's the classic hard noses first year head coach thing where he is like, I'm gonna fix everything immediately.


So you like The Browns, get the bums out. No, I don't like the Browns, but in this game I think I might, I don't like them at all. Yeah. I, I saw Deshaun Watson, his media day. I, now he, his answer that I'm about to read, technically he's right. I just fucking, he's so, he's the worst. I don't, I feel bad for Browns fans at this point. Deshaun Watson was asked about more designed runs in the offense and he responded that he is not a running back. I'm not going in there to ask them. For more designed runs. If I don't have to run, I'm not going to run. I'm not trying to take any of hi any hits. I'm not a running quarterback in a sense.


I can make things happen, but I'm not trying to run, I'm not a running back. It's not my specialty. They sign me to throw the ball, make decisions to be a quarterback. Not a runner, bro. You, I mean, you're, you're just a jerk. Yeah. It's like I'm open to everything. We gotta win as a team. Well, I don't blame 'em for not actively going into the coach's office and being like, Hey, let me run the ball more. Right. I don't think any quarterback would necessarily want to do that, but Yeah. Like The sentiment is not wrong. The way he delivers it. He's Just a dick. Yeah. He's a dickhead. He's a dickhead. Yeah. And he's, he's just like, I don't wanna run the ball. I'm a passer. I don't wanna run the ball. I'm not gonna ask to run the ball more. I don't. Yeah. They Me to be quarterback Getting hit hurts. Yeah. I, I feel my body hurts when people, when big men hit me, just Say it. We'll do whatever to win the team. And then he went on to say, if I, if I get, if I run and get hurt, it's a lose lose for Kevin Stefanski.


'cause people will blame him for getting me hurt. It's like, actually it's probably a win-win because people will be like, thank you for getting him hurt. And now we can go to the playoffs with our backup Quarterback, James Winson. Yeah. But it's a, it's not good if he gets hit and he gets hurt and then he has to go see a therapist. True. True. That's bad. Maybe he's just protecting people. He's he's protecting people from himself. True, True. Either way. Yeah. I kind of, I I'm buying it on Antonio Pierce rallying up the team. I think so. They're the worst running team in football right now. The Raiders are. Yeah. Jamir White and Alexander Madison just can't get it Going. And if I know Antonio Pierce the way to, to address having the worst running team in football is to run the ball more.


Yeah. We just need to assert ourselves in the run game. Lean on him is what he's gonna say. Which some coaches would say, if we're bad at running the football, let's play to our strengths. Antonio Pierce, I think he takes it as a personal affront to his physicality as a head coach. Right. He's like, we're the worst. We're not gonna be the worst after this week, so we're just gonna run the ball down your throat as much as we can. Also, I do think that the Raiders defensive line is going to, they're gonna eat. Yeah. They're gonna eat. Because the Browns offensive line has a lot of injuries on it. Correct. And I think Wyatt Teller is on ir. Yeah. So that's, things are getting worse for the brown offensive Line. Very banged up. Speaking of banged up Miles Garrett has an Achilles foot and thigh. We all do. But he his are hurt.


Yeah. Achilles foot and thigh. That's like the, the bone is connected to the, this bone thing. Yeah. It's just creeping its way up. That's Just a lot of injuries right there. Dude. Achilles foot thigh, his knee's. Okay. Don't hog 'em all. Yeah. His shin's fine. Lot of Injuries. His hamstring's. Okay. A lot of injuries. Alright. Last two games. Chiefs of Chargers. Patrick Holmes has not been very good. Some would say that he has been good. Okay. He won a Super Bowl. Yeah. I And they haven't lost. That's true. But some may say he hasn't been playing very well. Actually Patrick Mahomes said that. Hmm. He said I haven't been, I haven't played very well this year.


He hasn't played up to his own standard for himself. I have a fun sta for you. In the last eight regular season games, Patrick Mahomes is 11 touchdowns, nine interception is thrown for 300 plus yards just one time. Hmm. Which made me believe that there's a chance, Patrick Mahomes might just have the most fuck you career of all time to everyone who watches football and win like 10 Super Bowls and just play average football every regular season. And he can just clutch up whenever he wants and he's like, fuck you guys. Like I'll just do this every January. Yeah. So additional info about that stretch where they've had, you said last eight regular season games.


Yeah. They, they are five and three. Yeah. No, I, he's playing not bad. No, I know he, his, his defense has, has been playing great. He just has not been playing, he's not playing MVP Patrick Mahomes. Yeah, he did in the playoffs. He's not, he he admitted himself. Yeah. Also those long pass interference calls, he doesn't get yardage sets for those. Yeah. So just a heads up, this is gonna be interesting because Joe Alt probably not gonna play. No, He's, he's out and so is Rashaan Slater. They're both dealing with something as Harbaugh would say, And the Chargers have a buy next week. And if they start Justin Herbert, that's just like the biggest mistake Ever. I don't think Herbert's gonna start this year. I don't because he, his ankle is not gonna get better. I don't either. But I also, when Justin Herbert comes in the locker room and he's like, coach, I want to go Taylor Heineke though.


Taylor Heineke. Yeah. Do you think Patrick Holmes been playing well in the regular season? I I think he's still like, statistically no. Yes. I I think he's looked off this year thus far. He, he said it himself, But I think he's he's still been playing like pretty good quarterback. Yeah. He's not been patching the holes. He's not been, he's not doing like the Wow. Holy shit. This guy is just stepping on our throats from start to finish. He's making plays when he has to. He's been clutch. Yeah. I'm not again taking out playoffs. 'cause obviously that was a totally different run. Yeah. And this is just how he, maybe this is just how he does it. I just noticed it. And if Chiefs fans get mad at me, you get mad at your own quarterback. 'cause he said himself, I haven't played very well.


Yeah. We, we are. And He said I haven't played it very well. And that's not even a stats thing. He's been, he's been not up to Patrick Mahomes standard for sure. He hasn't looked like the, the crazy holy shit Patrick Mahomes in the regular season. But again, we, we do this every year where we're like, Patrick Mahomes looks off the chiefs offense, looks broken. Yeah, Of course. Of course. And then, and then next thing you know, they just won the Super Bowl. No, they're winning the Super Bowl. Yeah. That yeah. That's my whole point is it's actually annoying that he can do this Yeah. And get away with it. So they got Kareem Hunt back. Okay. So it's not gonna be the, the Carson Steele show. Okay. Probably splitting time, I would guess at running back. Yeah. Kareem Hunt. When, when was the last time he was on the Chiefs? Was that 2018? Mm. I'll look it up. I think it was, it was a long time ago.


Yeah. I think it was probably like 2018. Yeah. I, I think that the Chiefs are Gonna 18 gonna take Yeah. If Justin Herbert was playing, if they were healthy, I guess if they weren't the Chargers and had healthy players on offense, then I would, I would say this might be a, a Jim Harbaugh welcome back to the NFL game. Yeah. But given what they're dealing with, I feel like it's the Chiefs. Yeah. I I'd agree with that. I'm, I'm lockstep with you there. And I, if the, if the Chargers have aspirations of gonna, the playoffs and that kind of stuff, like there's 0% chance of play. Patrick Holmes or sorry, Justin Herbert. Yeah. Like you have a bi week. Yeah. Okay. Last up. Ravens Bills, I think kind of similar.


I believe in the Bills. I think the bills are very good. But kind of similar to what I was saying about the Vikings. I think this might be the spot, the the buy hot or sell high and take the Ravens. Yeah. Josh Allen has been, I think he's the MVP right now. Right. I think he absolutely is. The MVP through three weeks. Yeah. I would say he, he's gotten off to the best start of anybody. The Ravens still feel like they're, they're very hungry. Yeah. Like they, even though they've, they had, they got their win in. So they're not oh one three. I feel like this is still a very good Ravens team. They lost by like half a foot to the Chiefs. Yeah. The Raiders comeback was just crazy at the end of that game. Yep. But the Raven, I'm not, I'm not selling the Ravens at all.


I Love the Ravens. Yeah. I, I agree with you John Harbaugh, he, I love this about him. He's like, he feels like a real, I mean, the hard rods are just football coaches, but he, he went and like, started coaching the offensive line, I think it was, was last week before the Cowboys game. Just being like, you know what, I'm gonna show you how to do it. I love that. Gimme this, gimme this tire iron. I'll change the tire. So That kind of move with his own football team. Yeah. I'll do it. I'll take care of it. So the, the bills are giving up 118 rushing yards per game so far in 2024. Even though two of their three wins have been blowouts. So the other team doesn't have to try to run the ball at at, at all. The Ravens very good at running the football.


Might be a tractor CTO game. Yeah, It could be. There's a fun Because Tractor Cito looked good last week. He did. He did. This is a fun Sunday night game. Okay, that's, there's One more game. Oh yeah, there's one more game. Big Cat. Oh yeah. Commanders Cardinals. I'm an idiot. My bad. No, that's okay. I don't know why I have it written down. It's okay. I had a beat on this game. This Game's Gonna be fun. I had a beat on this game a month and a half ago. Now everyone's gonna be like, you just missed that on purpose. I literally have it written down my dad. No, that's okay. I, I put in a bet for some reason like a month and a half ago on the Commanders to cover. I got a bad number though. It was plus three now I think it's three and a half. Wait, the commanders, you bet The Commanders plus three a month and a half ago. Yeah. And now it's plus three and a half. Why did you bet this game specifically a month and a half Ago?


Because I just had, I had an idea about this game. Okay. I was like, this, this feels like the commanders are gonna be coming into form offensively and the, the Cardinals. I still think that their defense is suspect. Got it. So I love the idea and plus the Cliff Kingsbury factor. Yes. So I was like, I'm gonna bet this game, game, revenge game. I'm gonna bet this game in. And you somehow got a worse line even Though the early August. Lemme look it up, commanders. Yeah. Were Awesome. I somehow got a worse line. Yeah. That's not a good sign. That's a, that's crazy. Yeah. Well also you forget that the Cardinals people didn't know that the Cardinals were gonna be the spice, But The Cardinals just looked bad on Sunday. Yeah, they did. Let's see, let see what my Line is. Three half. That's hilarious.


Lemme How is that possible? I Don't know. I don't know. I just saw this, the Command's Office has literally been perfect for two games straight. They had an all time performance on Monday Night Football. And they're, and you still No. Wait, I, I got the Commander's money line, which was plus one 14. What is it now for Commander's Money line Higher than that. You Think it's higher? It has to be. There are three point under 1.5. Yeah. There you Go. So I got a worse number on it. That's insane. It's Bad investing in my car. How Did that happen? I don't know. I think it's because the, the Cardinal's offense has looked pretty good and the commander's defense has looked very, very bad. It did Not look good on Sunday. No, it didn't. It looked bad. It looked bad. It looked bad on Sunday. Also short week.


Nobody had any idea that it was gonna be a short Yeah. They didn't know the schedule. It is insane. Right. Like, that's crazy. Like the commanders have been playing as far off the charts in the positive direction for the last two weeks as they could possibly be doing. Right. And yeah. The Cardinal's coming off a bad performance. Listen, I'm not the, I'm not the best gambler in the world. That's So funny. I mean, they, they've been perfect. The the commanders. I I do, I I think there should be points galore in this game. Yeah, it's Good. It should be A fun game. I'm excited for this game. It's, this is Trust way hasn't punted in in two weeks Because not to put pressure on you PFT not to put any pressure on you, but there's pressure makes, there's a lot of pressure.


You are basically holding our happiness in the afternoon in your hands. Yes. Because Patriots 49 ERs could get ugly. Yes. Chiefs chargers could get ugly Browns. Raiders are as gross. The commanders and Cardinals have to give us a great game. I'm putting the Yeah. I'm Putting America's the Happiness of the nation on my shoulders. Yeah. Like I just realized that those, those are terrible games. Yeah. Otherwise, Listen, if there's one team that's fun to watch in the NFL, it's the Washington Commanders. You Have to deliver. I Are you up for this Challenge? I'm up for the challenge. All right. I love it. This, again, w we're, we talked about how I have to build a winning culture for myself on Wednesday's show. I think part of that is, is taking on the responsibility of the entire nation.


Yeah. Like I want the pressure. I wish there was Pr, pressure Is a privilege. You know how you can slide the line when you're betting. I wish I could slide the money line and just take a worse line and get in your hole. Yeah. Take, take an awkward line right into my hole. Just Give back money. Like, no, I'm gonna, it's 1 45. I'm gonna take one 14 with my boy. I think, listen, I am, I'm obviously very confident. Some may say a little too confident in the commanders. Some may say I overreact to one game because I've had nothing but absolute horse shit in my life for the last 12. All those people would be losers. Losers. They be losers and they be haters. I am, I'm very confident in our offense, our defense. I'm still very realistic about, I think that our defense, we're not the worst in the NFL anymore, but we're definitely in that conversation for the worst in, in the NFL.


And I think that if Dan Quinn can do anything in his first year, if he can make us to be like the 25th ranked defense Yep. Or the 22nd ranked defense in the NFL. Yep. I think that would be a big win because we just don't have the dudes, we got rid of two of our pass rushers last year. We've got Emmanuel Forbes coming back, which you could, some would argue that's a negative that he's coming back. Yes. I would, I would argue that. Yeah. Although he might, he might get a little mojo going if he gets to tackle Kyler. 'cause I think Kyler might weigh less than him. True. So that's good. But our defense is bad. He's gonna, he's gonna think it, he's gonna think he's big and strong. Yeah. Man, I'm so strong right now. Our defense is bad.


And I don't think that that's gonna change too much. It might change a little bit. That's what I'm hoping for over the course of the season. But we're gonna have Fun, but We're gonna have fun. I am concerned about Austin Eckler being out because he is been awesome. And One thing that he's been really good at. We've been waiting for, you know how like Cordell Patterson Yeah. Was really, he was really good at returning kickoffs, right? Yeah. And the new kickoff system. Austin Knuckler has been the best at returning kickoffs. Yeah. He's been, for some reason he knows how to return the new dynamic kickoff. Right. Which by the way is a great name for it. Agreed. Because even if nothing happens, it's called the dynamic kickoff. Right. And. it sounds cool. Austin Eckler's been the best in the NFL at that. He's been very consistent. Him being out with a concussion is gonna be, I think he's gonna be felt not only on offense, but special teams is gonna be a big factor too.


I like, I I I like you guys in this game and I like this game. Yeah. I'm just, America Waits. Sorry for injecting the, the Jaden Daniels quarterback conversation into a different game. I've just been, my, my brain this week has been 95% thinking about Jaden Daniels. I've Forgotten as it's, I'm actually, that's low. I've Forgotten. Yeah, it's probably is. That's too low. I've probably forgotten about so much other stuff this week, just because my brain is just going Jayden. Yeah. Jayden. Jayden. That's too low. I should do that with Mb to like, When he first started playing. Don't, don't say that. Yeah. What? That's crazy. Yeah. He could Say that you Would love MVP. Right. You Would love a a Joel l mbi Scumbag player that injures people's knees whenever he gets a chance.


What If you were to tell me that, that Jayden would have the career of Joel l mbi. So he'd win an MVP. He would Never get To a conference tomorrow. Never get to a conference championship Game. Not story's not over. Switch countries to get a gold medal. Yeah. Yeah. Front run. I don't think I'd take it. I'm not gonna make that trade. I think you would. I can do better. I think you Would. You could do better. I can do better. You can definitely do better. Like I said, he's, we're gonna win a Super Bowl in the next five years. We Considered a top five player in the league. Even though he is injured every single season. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, also don't forget ducking your main competitor. That's true. Your rival all the time. Yeah. I wouldn't, I wouldn't want that. Wouldn't want the meniscus. That's Not true. He doesn't do that. Does He have any meniscus? No. Left.


Definitely not. He needs to go to Germany. Let's get the picks.


All right. Let's get to the picks. Let's do our, our our TD parlay first. We have it funded in DraftKings. Everyone has a shot to score big with DraftKings Touchdown Parlay Profit Boost. This week, all customers can get up to a hundred percent profit boost on any NFL touchdown parlay. The more touchdown bets you add to your bet slip, the bigger the boost and the bigger your winnings download DraftKings Sports or CAP use code take. That's code take for everyone to score up to a hundred percent profit boost on any NFL touchdown. Parlay only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction Boy in Ontario. One boost per day when offered NFL touchdown parlays only maximum 105% boost other wagering restrictions apply for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/ft. Ball.


Hank PFT myself? Or is it, I lost, I lost last week. Okay. I Also lost Oh, max is back in. So you, me, PFT and max. Okay. I'm gonna go Rohan Rohan Johnson. Okay. I think he's gonna score. What are the odds on that? I Don't know. Probably decent dish. He did. He's getting, he's getting an extended look this week. I like that. And I love an extended look. What is, what's your pick? PFT I'm gonna go with Bries Hall. Okay. Max Minus 1 45. Not great. Not great odds, but Max C I'm, I'm gonna bring us back. I'm gonna, I think these odds will probably change by the time Roan is plus one 90.


Okay. I think these odds will definitely change by the time Gametime starts. For the Dallas Gotter being plus two 10 Makes no sense. Okay. In what way? He's the only guy. He He's the only guy. He's the only guy. Game play. No. You know what? It Honestly makes me think that maybe, maybe one of Devonte Smith or AJ Brown Brown will play. Alright, let's win this. Let's still like win. I like Dallas Gotter. I like Dallas Gotter. All right, let's win this. All right. And then our picks. We have who's, who's in first? I know I'm tied for last with memes. I'm tied for first. Oh. I think might be tied for first. Nice, Nice boys. Alright. Who goes first? I think's me. Yeah. Big Hank goes first. Hank three and three. PF. D. Three and three Max. Two. Three and one.


Me and Big. Cat. Two and Four. All right. I'll take the over in the commander's. Cardinals game. Fuck. All right. I just Hole. I, I want it, I want, I want that game to be fun so bad. Come In the hole's wide open. Yep. All Right. Hank. I'm like goat. See, I will take the Packers minus three. Okay. Not going with the hungry Dog. Against the Vikings. There will be a hungry dog this week. The dogs have been hungry this season, but the hungriest dogs are the ones that don't seem Obvious. How is the hungry cat parlay on Monday night? Terrible. That's why. Dogs, I'm a never You dog man.


Never go away from the dogs. Cat's gross. Yep. Agreed. Agreed. Oh, I just spilled. I No, That's all right. I got a bunch of paper that I'm just gonna put. Look at this. Look at This. All right. Memes. You can take the Cardinals minus three and a half. Oh Wow. It two. Wow. What a meme. That's a terrible line. It's against the Washington Commanders. Memes are such a dick. That Was such a dick move. Memes Gassing up your boy breeze. I've been trying to be nice talking to the jets the way you were talking. Let him talk. Made me like the car cardinals more, more and more and more. You can suck my dick. Max Texted me during the segment to go hammer time on the cardinals. And, and my God.


Hank responded. Yeah. Alright. Well, you guys can both suck my dick. You don't wanna see me. TI did not text anyone during that. Yeah. Don't bullshit. You don't, you don't wanna see me have success. It's sad. That's so Funny. No, it's just like, you know the way you're talking. Oh, a Hundred percent. A hundred percent. Like I, there's, there is a voice inside me that's telling me, PFT chill the fuck out. But I'm completely disregarding that. Yes. I'm like, I'm like, that dude stocked in rush with a sub that's going to the Titanic and you're hearing the sub start to creak and you're like, fuck it. We're gonna see this awesome shipwreck going and it's gonna be sweet and you're gonna change the world. Yep. That's what I'm thinking right now. I'm ready to be heard again. Yes. Alright. Who's up? I am up, I'm going to take the Falcon to minus two and a half.


Ooh. I like that. Pick. I like that pick. Alright. PFT. You got Two? Okay. Yeah, I do. I love both these picks. Patriots, 49 ERs under 40.5. Okay. Smart. And the Washington Commanders plus three and a half. I like a money line and I love 'em as a dog. So I'm taking the points. Okay. And I'm getting that fresh new line on him. Yep. I, I seriously, I wish I could, I wish I could take your line. Yeah, I would. Yeah, I would. All right, max. I am going to take Rams Bears under 41 and a Half. Okay. Memes. I'm gonna take Chiefs Chargers under 40.


Okay. Browns Raiders over Mm. 37. Whoa. Browns Raiders over 37 Points are down. You took the Falcons right, max? I'll take the, I'll take the Ravens minus two and a half. Does someone take 'em? No. No. Nope. Okay. Okay. Last thing before we get too and Wiz fantasy. Fuck Boys. Brought to you by our friends at Body Armor Sports Water, the alkaline water that provides real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody's always drinking around the office, the sports drink, the zero sugar, and even the Flash iv. After a long weekend, we can't get enough body armor. The sport water, in my opinion, is the best water on the market.


Head on over to your local seven 11 and get your body armor sport water today. Yo. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo Yo, yo Yo. It's Jamal, Guatemala. Hey, Jamal. Gu, my Stardom America. Fuck. Yeah. The greatest Country in the world. The place where real football exists. And we're gonna fuck up the entire international section of the fucking world this weekend in golf. Love it. The President, I forgot that was even happening. Max Home was going off. Windham clock going off Off. Max. Max Home. A good Italian boy, Scotty. She of 15. 1530 in your fucking grill mix. Love it. Real mix. My Syn Grill, Bix Arsenal fans.


Arsenal. Let Me make something very clear. No one gives a fuck if you tied or lost a game against fucking Man City. This is America. If you're Getting mad that someone said you lost a game when you really tied and acting like a tie is a win, you're a fucking Loser. Some would say it's not a tie, it's a draw, or it's a result. In my opinion, if you fucking give up a goal and turn a win into a draw, that's a loss. Loss. So don't act like it's a draw or anything worse than a loss. It's a fucking loss. Fuck you. AAL fans. Watch Real Football. Yeah. Man, city. What is that? Facts. A place that Tom Breneman never wants to go to. Exactly. Exactly.


My sleeper Biz and Wizz coming up next on part of my take. Great interview. Yes. Good plug. And Jamal, thanks. Hey, what's up Jamal? Hey, what's up you Dickheads? This is Mayor Adams from New York City. I'm starting Ang. Ang is starting. It's a pygmy hippopotamus. We talked about, I'm not taking money from Thailand to say this. We make a Great coat. I'm Not making money from Thailand to say this. Just so you know. If your child has a Ang stuffed animal, look underneath it, there's a good chance that they're hiding crystal methamphetamines in their room beneath the Ang stuffed animal. I want some Ang. I'm sitting rats.


I'm sitting rats. They're running the city. And I think one wore a wire, and now I'm in prison because of it. So fuck. Rats. Rats are out. And then my sleeper, Zach Wilson, revenge game. I believe in Zach Wilson coming back. Denver is the New York City of Colorado. I've always said this. And Zach Wilson, he will be Captain. I agree. What's up, fuckers. My name is Matthew s Luka. Hey, S Luka. Matthew s Luka. I'm starting myself because I'm not starting anymore. No, I'm leaving you an LV, the Holy Cross transfer. Yeah. It'd be A real shame if you ended up in Harrisonburg. Yeah. I'm sitting NIL. Because everyone lies to you and that's why I'm not starting anymore.


Nobody Really knows what the Rules are. No one knows Vegas. There's a fucking corrupt place where money doesn't work out. Yeah. It's like this is our thing. This is Osa Nostra. You don't tell you keep your mouth shut if they don't pay you. Am I sleeper? This guy in the desert, there's the new quarterback for UNLV Haj. He's looks good, but I only saw one clip of it from Bluman. He tweeted it out. He said he's the real deal in all men. Haaz Hoge, Hajj Hodge. Going to the desert to pay respects to The Hoge Ho Hoge. Yes, exactly. Alright. That was good fantasy. Fuck, boys. That story is new day. It's NIL. Yeah. So he was allegedly told by an assistant that he was gonna get a hundred grand. Yep. And then he got there and he got what, $3,000 a week?


Yeah. Is that it? And so now he's like, Hey, you told me you were gonna pay me and you're not paying me, so I'm out. Yeah. It's like the young Do case. What's That? It's like the Young Dolf case. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, I know exactly. It's Exactly like young. Good point, Hank. Yeah, that was really good point. Hank Yeah. Hey, young dol Remind, so me and Big Cat know, but memes is over there like, oh, what's going on? So maybe you can tell memes, The men who were arrested for the murder of Young Dolf were told they were gonna get a hundred K. They murdered him, got paid $300, and then $500. So they're arresting the guys that Paid them hundred for not paid, paid. Now the are ratting And they're like, Hey, you should, They're like, Hey, You should arrest these guys.


'cause they actually didn't pay me as much as they said they were gonna pay me. Yeah. Very sad. Fucked up, but similar. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Young dol. Yeah. I, I, I understand from his perspective, if he got lied to, and he has, he's not gonna go play in the NFL. Yeah. And he has one chance to get paid to play football. He's gotta take advantage of it. In Red Shirt, our French Tri Weathers had a good take on it and basically said that NIL is the modern day drug deal gone bad. Yep. If things don't happen according to plan, then what do you do? Who are you gonna complain to about it? Yep. You just have, he's using the only leverage that he has, which is I have to quit after three weeks and then I can play another season. Yeah. And his offense coordinator and head coach from Holy Cross at J Mu Ooh.


Interesting. Maybe, Maybe reunite him next year. Interesting. Okay. Alright. Let's get to our interview with Biz and Witt.


Before we get to Biz and Wizz. Brought to you by our good friends over at Chevy. There's a a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because, for part of my take, there's only one pickup truck. It's the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Well, it's because Silverado is a partner. They've been a partner of ours. We love Chevy. We love the Silverado. They're a partner that you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using that Silverado for all kinds of part of my take Jobs, adventures, other shenanigans. Were always in a Chevy Silverado when we're on the road. We took it to the Super Bowl across the entire country. It was wonderful. It was a nice, nice trip. It was comfortable And. it got us there. Safe and sound. Got us through an ice storm in Cincinnati, Kentucky, and El Paso. We had to actually help push another non Chevy car out of the ice storm down there. Our Chevy had absolutely no problem. But that other truck owner, you could tell he was pretty emasculated that they needed some help. We were just fine in our Silverado. Silverado also helps us give fullbacks the recognition that they deserve with the Low Man Award. Watch out for the watch list coming soon. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever dug in the state of Ohio last year at Grit Week. And. it got us around California for this year's. Grit Week got us to the ocean and back training camp and back. Silverado brings that grit, legendary grit. Paired with modern truck tech inside and out. It's got massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views. It'll help make driving, towing, and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss two, check it out. Head over to chevy.com. Build your own Silverado or your Silverado hd. Check out all the current offers on the Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


And now here is Ryan Whitney and Paul Binet. Okay, we now welcome on our two very, very good friends. Probably our best podcast duo. Friends. Yeah, I would say so. Yeah. That's compliment. Yeah. It's, it's you be my, You'd be my second favorite. Kelsey. Call Her daddy. Yeah, call her daddy. You guys would be my second pitch. Second. Who's number One? I think Will and, and Taylor. Oh, they've gotten to you. They bro you up. They just, Jack swagger jacked us. They smoked them up. You could Probably do a sh a podcast together and then all hit the showers. Nice episode boys. Yeah, boys will Be put. I knew this to get you guys going. Rub, rub me down. All right. So it's Paul Binette.


It's Ryan Whitney here with us. I want it on the record. This is not our NHL preview. That's In January. January. Yeah. This is not our NHL preview. Once football ends, That's it. We do not want to, I don't even know if we should talk hockey. Should we do our NHL Recap? We could do our NHL recap. We could do an NFL preview with you guys. Oh, sick. I know A little bit about the NFL since He's gonna be unreal. What do you know about the n They're very good Team. I know that, that Cincinnati Bengals are in trouble right now. Oh, because what, what percentage of teams with that start the season even? Oh and two don't make, I Think one of the last 41 I saw make the playoffs and now And. it was them. It was Cincy. Ooh. Good karma.


Good karma. Now they Karma Three though. Now they're O three. It's a good omen. Good something. Yeah. Karma's different. Good karma. I can't think of right now. It'd actually be bad karma. 'cause they've, they've done it before. I think it's, I think it's a good omen. Yeah. Omen. Yeah, omen. That's the word. They've got the culture to do it in. You're Aab. They Know how to do it. Relax. Em. MI do Have one little hockey question. That's actually Joe Burrow. He's got the Frosted tips now. Yeah, he does. Oh yeah. Yeah. Little hockey question. Not really. NHL preview. 'cause again, we're not gonna do it right now. What? Who can you guys explain the beef right now? What's the beef? You guys are beefing with a gm? Oh, oh. Is all that all that whit handle that? I just see a a, a series of quote tweets where it's like, I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't, I I backed that guy.


That's not a, I never retweeted anything about that. Quote Tweets. I said quote, I didn't quote tweet it either. Maybe it was the Chick B might have said that was STOs dad being me. Okay. But basically what happened was Jeremy Sway is this awesome goalie that the Boston Bruins have. And they had leanest Hallmark as well. He won the Vesna two years ago. Sway was kind of the backup, but they split time in the regular season. Hallmark took over in the playoffs. They lost in seven games to the Florida Panthers. So then going into this past year, they ended up kind of splitting it, but Sway Man took over as more the number one. Okay. And then going into the playoffs, sway man was unreal.


They beat Toronto in seven and then they lost to Florida in six. Florida goes on to win the Stanley Cup without swaying. Boston probably loses Toronto. He was dominant. Oh, that's your team biz. That's Biz team. They can't win like the big deal selects. Just wanted to make sure we say that. So, So after this all Almar Hallmark now has one year left on his deal. Sway is a restricted free agent. They tried to trade Hallmark at the deadline because they realized Sway man was their guy. He denied a trade that they had lined up to LA to the LA Kings. Okay. So because he had the no trade clause where I think he had 10 teams picked, he could decide LA's one of 'em, I don't wanna go there. Why wouldn't he wanna go To la?


I don't get it. Don't understand. Well you won't. It will make less sense when you find out that he went to Ottawa. Oh, okay. Okay. So he is European. So maybe that difference in time zone and he's got kids in the face time, Time zone. The air trade. I like that. That makes it like the time zone difference to Europe. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause there, there's no other reason where LA like if he went there, like they could be a cup contender And it's also LA pretty nice place to live. And LA needs a goalie. They, they can't get a goalie. So all right, well Bruin's like we gotta trade him. We gotta trade him. They end up realizing or they knew beforehand that his no trade list, he could change the teams on it on a certain day. Say it's July 1st. I don't remember the exact day.


So they have this trade lined up with Ottawa. They're panicked. We think we gotta get this done. 'cause if tomorrow comes, he may put Ottawa on the list. Right. So they rush trade him to Ottawa. They don't get much of a return. They got this goalie corpus who's struggled for a while. Now He's got upside. Okay. He has been very good but he had a real bad last two years And and Boston, they think their team defense, they think they could put any above average goaltender in net And it's like system qb. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of what Boston's thinking is like. Like all Mark was doing it so was SW and they were basically doing it At the same time, sway man has also never played more than 55 games. Durability. And I think he has durability, 35 games in his career, not durability.


They were essentially the last two years sharing the net but lean towards more sway in the back half of the season because he was playing better. And in playoffs his numbers speak for themselves. He was, I think statistically the best goalie. Right. Whit. Yeah. It's not one enough where like now Four Nations Tournament, Canada, Russia of Canada, Sweden, Finland, US will be facing off this February. And best on best people are like, I think SW might be USA's goalie. Okay. Like he's, he's turned into a A star. Some people say he hasn't done it long enough. Whatever backstory a little bit. The summer prior the Bruins took sway into arbitration arbitration's where biz makes the joke that all they do is rip on you. They say you got a small cough, got Bad breath teammates, horrible Teammate.


Your Wife says you're horrible. That's exactly how arbitration Works. Yeah. They go in and they just bury you. Well apparently they were so bad and so brutal to sway and he was pissed off. He was disgusted. He, it was left a bad taste in his mouth. Sounds like he Might have a small Cock then. Who knows what they said. No Rope. Who's it? That rips on you. Is it? Is it? I don't know if it's the actual GM or their lawyer. I don't know who actually is doing the ripping, the actual talking because if It's like not a hockey guy, just like a lawyer that's doing it, that would piss me off too. Yeah. It's like fucking Yeah. You just know where it's coming from. Yeah. Right. So it's Don Sweeney, the gm. So now they decide to trade all Mark. They don't have a contract with Sway Man yet. He's still restricted. But they have decided to trade Hallmark before this contract with Sway Man maybe figuring that they could just get him on the cheap and that he might agree or Whatever fall in line sober.


I'm a good sober. But Sways got the bad taste in his mouth from arbitration. And then he did an interview where he talked about he understands that he does, he wants to set the goalie market. He doesn't wanna fuck over other goalies in the NHL and take this low ball offer. So the stalemate has come to the point. Now I get news from somebody that Sway got a recent, his last offer from the team after the team really didn't talk to him much during the summer, which is kind of standard in maybe July and June. So that leads us to today, I get word that they've given him an offer four years times 6.2. Apparently his offer was eight years times nine, which is definitely overreaching.


But They 9.25, which was the MacAvoy contract, that was their comparable. Got It. So I Like how you guys are tagged teaming this. Yeah, exactly. I love it. Hop when hop in whenever you want, you do a podcast. So I find out that the offer is four years times 6.2 crazy low ball. And that they, that they haven't talked in like three weeks. It's August camps in 10 days. So I said it on the podcast, I was talking about what I'd heard and we just kind of thought nothing of it. Biz was like, oh shit. 'cause I hadn't told him prior I was getting excited. Like I was like, oh we got this. You know, he's saying this on the on, on the pod. Like fans are gonna be like, oh, this is the most we've heard about this all summer drama. So say I said this early September, if not late August, Don Sweeney, the GM of the Bruins does a press conference the day before Camp Opens.


That's pretty standard procedure for all the GMs. And in the middle of the press conference, he's being asked kind of over and over, what's up with SW Camp starts tomorrow. You don't have your star goalie. You could tell he's frustrated and annoyed. I'm not gonna address any of the rumors, actually I'll address one. That pod that spitting up on yourself podcast, You call it spitting up on Yourself, called it the Spitting Up on Yourself podcast. We got 'em. They said, yeah, boom. I'm like, oh, he is calling us names, he's talking about us. This is amazing. That's a big fish. He's like, they, they biz everyone loves biz. My son loves biz. I know he's an entertainer. He, he, he's talking about that I didn't return Jeremy Sw calls for three weeks.


That's bullshit. So we're like, this is phenomenal. We are at Chiclets Cup when it broke spitting up on yourself podcast, the guy has no like clue. And also I had the, I had the contract offer. Right. He didn't argue that. So whether it was two weeks, three weeks, or 10 days, right. There's been enough silence in August with your star goalie that it's seriously alarming to most Bruin fans. Right? Yeah. And I would think that the Bruins, they're generally, I think biz when you talk about the best regimes in hockey are, would you consider them to be one of the best, Include this biz, sorry, quickly they have, since Don Sweeney took over his GM I think 10 years ago, the most points in the NHL. Yeah. I would say a very successful regime.


They probably would have one, maybe two more cups if they would've executed their drafts flawlessly or even like, like Gotta bounce here. They go to game seven. Yeah. Like eight 80 to 85% like strike rate. They, they had three first rounders one year. And I think they missed with every one, didn't they? One of 'em was de brusque. De brusque. So de brusque was solid. But then like they, there was a couple that were right around those other picks where you're like, oh buddy, that's the guy. And I know it's hard to predict in predict in the draft. So not full like criticism to him. But overall replenishing, getting good free agents at the right price, they've really moved on from the right people at the right time. And he deserves a, a lot of credit.


But I, he's A big fan of yours too. I agree with Whitt. Where I don't think that they really thought this through, especially after having kind of pissed him off in last year's arbitration. There was a reason they didn't have enough money to pay him last year, this big contract. Got it. They didn't have it this year. Now I think they have 8.6 million now left in cap space where the, what I think view as a slap in the face offer was the four years at 6.2. They should have offered him like give him security. But maybe start off at like seven per Right. I think there's not a chicken Dick's chance in hell. He doesn't at least get eight times eight. Oh, a chicken dick, chicken dick. Well here's another, here's another kind Of chicken. Dicks is smaller in hell.


Yeah. Another aspect of this is that his agent represent, represented, if not still represents William Neland, who years back held out till like December 1st with the Maple Leafs. Ah, in the Same exact just Scott Boris. And he got what he wanted and he got what he wanted. So I know you guys have a lot of football fans and, and other sports fans. So moving forward it's a gamble because they have that corpus who's struggled the last couple years. I Heard he had a lot of upside Lot, lot lots of upside. So all of a sudden you get him in inside, in front of this structured team with good defense and, and you know, good special teams. Anybody can be a good goalie for the Bruin. And, and he has a hot start. What Do you mean by that? PF? D. It, it's kinda like a system. Kinda like Mike Shanahan.


Kyle Shanahan. Got it. Well you get, you get a running back or you get a quarterback in there and then you doing plug, you just plug play the way they're go Let him go. So they're doing this, we're making good Points. You are. I was listening, making to you football analogy. The way their defense is set up, you don't need a superstar. You don't need a freak Brock party. But if you go back to playoffs, he was probably their best player overall. Yeah. Right. Like he was their star. So it, and They've been so close, like they're done a good Job of the draft arbitration. We're gonna, Well except for first round Picks, we're, we're gonna go to arbitration, we're gonna rip you apart. And then all of a sudden you become the starter, you lead us into playoffs. And that system did let him down a bit based on the amount of shots they were giving up.


And he stood on his head against Florida. Right. So it's like, oh fuck. Oh, he proved it. So then offer him, he's your guy and if he wasn't your guy, why the fuck did you trade the resident winner from two years ago before he had it? 'cause you wanted to get Corpus solo and like a draft pick and maybe some prospect like, come on here. So manage your assets better. Yeah. He fumbled the deal and he called him out on it and he said it was a slap in the face offer. The only discrepancy was Whit said like, like basically like he didn't return sway man's camp's. Callback where worst case there was radio silence for three weeks. Yeah. Unacceptable. And then boom, boom, boom. So This happens. It this is awesome for the pod, right? Like whenever a g calls you Out. Yeah. It's like, it's an original six franchise with an enormous question mark as camp begins over their star goalie and the guy's talking about us.


Like you think he's rattled? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I mean obviously like you don't want to, you don't ever want to be on the side of like saying something on the pod. It turns out it's not true with, with with the size that our, our show is. But I, what, what do I have? What do I have, what do I have to get outta like making that up. Right? So what happens if they don't come to an agreement? So, so here's the kicker. Yeah. So I think December 1st, maybe a a week or two discrepancy, if he is not signed by that time, he, they forfeit the season. Like he can't play at all. Oh. So it's, so let's say Corpus all of a sudden he's 10 and four with a, you know, a 9 10, 9 15 save percentage and, and a goal against average like a little above two.


It's kind of like swimming could be one holy fuck, swimming's gonna start sweating, right? Yeah. Because they're gonna see, see everybody, we could put any guy in here last fucking four goalies were successful playing in front of this team. Right. So SW might end up in a position where he is rooting against in a way he's root Oh yeah. He's rooting for the Bruins to, to win, but he's ruin he's rooting for them to win win 6 5 6 5. Exactly. Right. Now on the flip side, probably more likely Corpus's trash at the beginning. And they're losing and the fan base is already loud about get him signed. Yeah. The pressure turns then it's like, then it's like you could lose your job. Right. So I Need you to tell me what side to be on it. I I'll be very vocal. Well, We're the player side. Okay. Yeah. Always. And we're the player side. And also it's not just the players.


Because I told biz if Sway was like I want 9.5 and I'm not budgeting, I'd be like, alright, well you're 35 games in league. No. Yeah. I think that, I think if, if Boston said here's eight years at 7.75. I was just gonna say that number. Wow. 7.75. That's so me is like shake it now you got your, your your length. If, if Sws saying no, I ain't taking less than 8.75, then I'm kind of in a situation where maybe I would be Don Sweeney and saying, well wait it out 'cause that's not the offer we're ever gonna give you. And December 1st, tick, tick, tick. And we'll see who has the leverage by then. And it's basically, what do you call it when you line up to the back and you walk out and then you see's a dual? It's a dual.


Yeah. It's, It's a dual. I love that. So you guys are like, you get sources now, huh? He does all The the ton. Yeah. No, not, not, not a ton. But like, I Feel like this happened a few times for you guys in the last Year. Well there really two big ones. But you've broken stories that the rest of the NHL media is just not even like on Well the Thing is sometimes It happens by accident. Yeah. And some of the times guys get like, there's a lot of in, we're not insiders by any means, but insiders will get information and the source given it to 'em and be like, you can't say anything though. Right. So they know, but they gotta wait on it or something like that. Right. I don't if if whoever's telling me something's like, yeah, I don't care. Like just make sure you don't say my name. And it's something that is like worth to talk about.


I'll talk about it. Especially if it's like to try to help a player because this guy in my mind deserves eight times eight. Right, Right. Seven, five. Yeah. That's just our opinion. Yeah. That's good for you guys. I'm on your side though. I also, I I mean it's it's cool that you guys have set it up where players can trust you and that's The goal. They Right. Exactly. And you guys can like, 'cause I just love it whenever you guys stick it to, to traditional media. It's just funny. It's just so much fun To watch. What, oh, and what's funny is I've had three texts. I've showed him some things I that I was asked not to share since then that are like, oh my god, Don people don't really like Don Sweeney that much. Right, Right. We're gonna get back to Biz and Whiz in a second.


Brought to you by the farmer's dog. The days are warmer, the walks are longer. One easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from the farmer's dog Blake has been on the farmer's dog. Stella Eats the farmer's dog this morning. Blake, I let him on the bed after I let him out the first time in the morning. He's allowed to come sleep on the bed for just a little bit and he's usually very dozy doesn't want to get up this morning he stayed on the bed, went downstairs, I went to the refrigerator. He heard the scissors come out when I opened up the farmer's dog packet and he sprinted downstairs. He loves his food. They make fresh real dog food at the farmer's dog and they deliver it right to your door. I got my shipment in yesterday morning, loaded up the freezer.


We're good to go. Recipes are developed by vet nutritionist made from real meat, real veggies, portioned just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls. And you can feed your dog real food with real benefits. It's smart, healthy pet food that you can feel good about feeding your pup. It's the best option for dogs of all life stages because it's not kibble, it's not canned goo. It's real healthy food. The farmer's dog isn't just fresh high quality food. They also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog based on their unique needs. The Farmer's dog released a new commercial. It tells the story of a dog's unconditional love for its human. It reminds us that no matter what happens in our day, we can always feel good about doing our best for our canine companions, especially through feeding them farmer's dog.


Check it out on their Instagram at The Farmer Dog. And get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt to get 50% off. That's The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt. And now here is more Ryan Whitney and Paul Bissonnet. I don't know about that. Do you guys, do you guys get, do do you get like offended when people are like, oh, your podcast doesn't know shit. I would get no. What do you get offended when people are like, you guys don't really know hockey. Some people might not listen all the time. So when we're like tweeting out all these like hashtag rumor boys, like they might not know we're fucking around. Right? Like we say stuff like you guys that just can take it gets, oh We don't know shit.


That's our difference. But sometimes we don't either. Yeah. Like it's, but we can laugh at ourselves, you know? Yeah. I don't really give a fuck. That's Why you guys are really good. But Yeah, And, and we, we, we make like, I would say some ridiculous claims where we're joking around a lot so people be like, these idiots, these clowns. It's like, well yeah, we're trying to make people laugh, but when you get in the depths of like actually talking hockey, we both know what we're talking about. People disagree but to say like they have no clue what they're talking about when they're talking about the game. If you wanna say that, that's fine, but we both know that. Right. We know we know the game. Right. You know the game. Yeah. Right. A lot of people know way more about it than I do, but a lot of people listening don't. Yeah. There's also be a wild rumor to just pull outta your ass. Yes. It was like the the numbers are so Specific.


Do we gain outta the details? Nothing. Right. Nothing. I got another hockey question. Not the NHL preview. Can Conor Mcda win the big one? Good question. No doubt in my mind There. Doubt in my mind has to be a little doubt. He's never won the big one. I know. I just, I just don't have, yeah, obviously. I guess that's a good point by you. I'm very confident that this is the year. This is the Year. Yeah. And that I, I know I've said that previously, but they've lost to the last three Stanley Cup champs. They have a better team this year than they did last year where they got to game seven of the cup final. They have Leon Drys signed up to a long-term, long-term extension.


McDavid will be next. Their top six of the best top six forwards in the league. They need help on the right side of the, the defense where they'll be able to 'cause of the cap space they have and they're in a great spot. So yeah, winning a cup is, is so difficult. But I, I don't see him not getting, getting won. And this year I think is the year rumor Boys, if you said life or death four years, like a four year span, gun your head. I would say they, yeah, I would say they would win one cup. That would be my guess. Life or death. Okay. Rumor Boys, Next four years, I heard that Four years McDavid might not sign a long-term deal if they can't win the big one and he wants to go play somewhere else. So many people have said that and continue to say that the, the big change in that topic is that him and Dry Seidel are best friends and Leon was up for an extension this year.


He has one year left on his deal, but he, you can be resigned July 1st with one year left in the contract. So everyone's like, oh is Leon coming back? If he leaves Connor's definitely leaving. He signed an eight year deal at 14 million a year. Highest paid player in the league. Okay. And now that's the biggest Contract in history. The Biggest con, I don't know if it was bigger than Ovechkin. Right around there. Okay. So now the, the whole discussion is in my opinion and well what Oilers fans are saying is they're so close, Leon's not resigning. If he doesn't get know from Connor that he'll resign as well. Alright. So question about that though. If he signed the biggest contract, Connor McDavid I assume is gonna sign a bigger contract. So he he'll Per Year I met so 14 per, I bet you Connor's worth 16.


Yeah. So, Well he's worth about 30. But what Happens to the Oilers cap though? Are they fucked? I think the cap is gonna go up a significant amount each year to where, that's why I said it might take year three or four because if they don't win it next year, all of a sudden you're gonna have that 14 on the books. Luckily you get one More. Oh, we got, we got bugs in the office. Luckily you'd have one more year of Connor at a fair number, but it'll get really difficult that following third year I would say. Got it. If, if you got one guy making 16 and 14 and 30 million your cap and two players, oh God forbid one of them goes down during a run. Like that's just like, yeah that's catastrophic.


Right. I heard McDavid wanted to maybe go to LA Play for the Kings. Oh, where'd you hear that? Win some Stanley cups there then maybe finish his career out in New York. Where'd You hear that? That turtle? They have made it up Now to you. Oh Wayne, I made it up the Wayne. I made it up right now. Rumor, boy, The Wayne wrote, here you Go. So is there a possibility that he told dry cidal? Like, Hey, let them think that if they resign you, they are also gonna keep me. Get as much money as you can because I'm your best friend. But he would've got as much money as he wanted. Anywhere. Anywhere. So if Leon played more, if Leon played this year, he probably would've, yeah. If not 14, it would've been even more for Another game. Okay. So then I feel like Oilers fans should be feeling so Much safe Oil fan. Once Leon resigned, there was a giant sign of relief. Not just for him, but the fact that it looks like Connor. But now seeing that though, if let's say Connor all of a sudden had a change of heart, Leon has the power to probably just go to the organization if he doesn't wanna be in Edmonton anymore and basically say, I'm not coming here.


Find a way to move me and get what you can back in return. I love how you say Organization and So Canadian. I Love it. What, how you say? Organization. Organization. I love it. Every time you say it that way, I love it. I Don't even know I didn't Organization. Organization. Yeah. I love it. It's good. I'm Saying it As a, we more say organization and you Say organization. I love how you say organization. Say I'm being serious. I love when you say it, it like kind of gets Like, it sounds so hockey official. Yeah. It's just something about it. It's just like there, it's just more official when it's like the organization. All right. Say regime. Regime. Yeah, That's good too. It's almost French the way You say it. Yeah. Biz are you about to, when when does your crazy like schedule start? Not next week, the week after. And then you're in Atlanta.


I go to, yeah, I fly there I think on, yeah, Tuesday the eighth. So that'll be the, the opening day of NHL and then Wednesday the ninth we start our broadcast. And actually from there I'll be going to Boston. We're gonna do some stuff in Boston with Pink Whitney. I think we're gonna get another sandbagger and then that following Tuesday, it's back To we have to, can we do a sandbag With You guys? I would love to with you two. We try To, I'm with you guys, but you guys are tough to track down boys. I, if I'm in busy, What's your handicap, Pete? I a lot. My, I'm not very, So we'd have to maybe do a scramble where I play with you and then you play with Witt or vice versa. Yeah, I Think if you did it honestly I'd probably be like a 23. I think that'd be like a 45.


Oh no, we're Not gonna, me and you play PFT in business in a, in a scramble. Perfect. And then Hank will just play in front of us And Hank will play 36 holes like the day before he, he's gotta Scout it out and after he's gotta scout it out. He gotta make sure he's got a location scout Golf. So McDavid can win the big one. Can the, can the not a big deal. Selects ever win the big one. Cool. Oh, tell everyone about it. This is our ball hockey team. We got the best. First Of of all tell Me it's a guest of yours. Tell me about ball Drama. I wanna hear more about the format. I hear about ball hockey because it, it looks insane. So It's very competitive and the arena's very small. The ones that they build at Chile's Cup. 'cause we, we collab with this guy Brad Jones from Hockey Fest. So it just so happens the ball hockey rinks they have are small and it's three on three.


So they're just, the games get so physical and these guys take it so seriously. And then of course, 'cause we put a team in, a few professional teams started popping up and now, I mean we get eight teams in The, A a division for ball hockey. I want expand to to 16 teams. But yeah, we just ha we've done it five times. This is our first ever one in Canada. We just did, we've never won our own ball hockey tournament and oh, and we bring in ringers. Are you in The? A League? Yeah. They haven't even got to the finals. Are you guys Both playing Put put it this Way. I don't No, he he didn't even play this Year, man. I played professional hockey 12 years. Played in the NHL for five. I can't keep up with these guys from a physical and running and just the amount of wear and tear over the course of playing three round robin games and then two more semis and then finals.


I feel like I got in a car accident the next day. Yeah, there's real hits. Oh, at one point in this tournament a guy got run over in the corner and as he's down and people are like battle lt, another guy on that same team just was standing out like near the, the, the back of the rink and just butt ended. The guy next to him, which is just sticking the end of the, you stick outta the top end and just got him like in the, in the kidney. Yeah. So It, it's vicious. It's full on physical, like full on checking cross-checking spearing and the amount of like running back and forth. It's, it's intense. Very intense. Like I got buddies, well that leads to yas. I got buddies who are like, oh, I put in a team. I'm like, this isn't street hockey. This is like game seven of the cup final.


Right. But Ys is so sick and tired of hearing what the big deal selects and them not winning. He's a hater that he's like, I'm a hater. I'm done with you guys. I'm putting a team in. Wait, So is he on the big deal? He never played. Never played. He's seen the social clips and he's just like, enough, you frost. He's a big deal. Selects the big deal. They can't even get outta the fucking semi-finals. So Ys, you're listening to this right now. If you need assistant coaches, PFT and I are in for your team. So he's gonna assemble a team next year. Yeah, we're in, I'm I'm wearing a suit. Yeah, we're in. So that's why I want, we wanna take down, we we wanna win your ball hockey tournament before you do. That's what we're gonna do with Ys. Oh, you're gonna come? Yeah, no, We're assistant coaches of his team if he'll accept us. Okay. So that's why I want, I wanna expand to 16. We're trying to get it done at the Calgary stampede, which would be unbelievable.


Oh, that's the one where you put, you dress like a cowboy and get drunk for 10 Days. Yes, that one. And that's not the Only thing He's doing. We would basically go, we'll we'll put him in our division and it's lose or go home. So if they advance farther than us, then, then I'll never put the big deal selects Don't End the team. My team is done. We can Fold the team fold. Oh yeah. We're in Never to be spoken again of again. I, me Coaches, I And Cat run such a good system. Yeah. It doesn't matter who's in Gold Force, we just, Yeah, we are you saying it's like Brock Purdy? Yeah, it's kinda like that. Like Brock Purdy because our defense, yeah, we're kind of taking that Brock Purdy thing to hockey, which has never been done before. Okay. I like that. so if you guys think if it's at the Calgary Stampede, you guys will be able to make it or just send players and Fuck you Max.


End of June. Okay, here's the deal. End Of June could possibly work. It's classic Thing. Yeah, yeah. We're not, I I'm gonna, max is right. I'm gonna step back a little. I'm gonna take a quick step back for Us. You're gonna be owner and funder. I'm gonna be, we're gonna be owners and funders. So you have to cover the cost So you Can pay these guys, you have to pay the ringers to fly in and maybe they're gonna ask for money. I don't know how much This you, you guys are all in with flights and hotels for 10 grand each. That's kind of worth it. If Hank doesn't, if we put together a good team, If, if Hank doesn't dunk, we're in. Okay. We'll just take that money and use It that we can reinvest it And then that and then, and then the team to be named will be, Well Y's involved too. He fucking made 70 million Yins. Yeah, y Made 70 million play With us. We'll, we'll listen, Ys, we will contribute to the team.


We just want our name on the cup when we win the whole thing and the big deal selects are crying and, and fold Fire's a folding, there's a villain called Nose Face Killer. And he already DM me. He didn't show up this year. He bailed last minute like the rat. He is. And he already dmd me saying it's time for for you to join the dark side in a sense of bringing him into the big deal. Selects not a chance, but I think Yans is gonna pick up this. No, We're gonna, He was randomly Ys is stick boy at Cushing Academy when he was playing high school hockey. The kid's horrible looking. Oh, like Wait, but is he bad at hockey? No, no. He's unreal. Ball Hockey. Oh, he's in, he's in, I'm gonna say right now, what's his name? Nose face Killer. All right. He gets, he gets a thousand dollars outta my pocket to play first tournament.


That's just, and that's has nothing to do with the, the money we're gonna put up otherwise. Thousand bucks. If he's on the team, I'll match. All right. 2000 bucks. He was on the team The first time we saw him in Detroit first tournament. We did Noah's face in, in the casino. Oh yeah. God. He was like barking ass. I'm gonna come here. We who? Your ball hockey tournament. That's a man. That's how a man plays hockey. We're like Ky from the Columbus Blue Jackets has a team with his buddies who all played hockey. Like you guys are gonna get dusted. And he came out and he fucking dummied them in the round robin game. And then Loki's team beefed up and brought in some fighter guy and then they smoked him in the final. No. Okay, so no nose face scored in overtime. Oh Yep. He scored the, he's cch, he then was born and then He's on our team that's on our team. He's Got the clutch machine. That's the kind of guy that, that we want. So I want, I want to not only have your team folded, I want you to sign over property, intellectual property of the big deal.


Selects to myself and Big Cat. So we take over ownership of your team. Yes. And then we'll choose whether or not we wanna play 'em again And then vice, vice, Vice versa. We turn 'em into the worst team ever. No, we're gonna take the big deal selects. We're gonna move 'em to Utah. That's what we're gonna fucking do. You're a fuck. That'd be a good To have an attorney. Actually you're A fucking asshole. Get we get the Utah Selects, We get complete ownership of the of the big deal selects. Okay, so when you guys guys announce your team, I want the same thing. In return, I want all ownership rights. Fine. Of Our brand new team that We don't care about. I think Ian's owner team, I don't give A fuck. Sure. Okay. You're gonna have to remind me when this happens. Okay. Okay. Yeah. You got a lot going on. We're All the way in though. This is Like nine months away. I didn't know the YY we Ys.


He, he, when he listen to, he listens. He's a listener. When he hears this. Hit us Up. You're getting a call. Let us Know. I'm interested to hear his name. Whatever the number. Yeah, Yeah. Listen, we're we're hands off owners. We're just the, you know, we're the money guys. Yeah. Also, we we're actually also Ys is the money guy too. Yeah, Man. Ys also the money guy and if MJ wants to contribute that's fine too. I know they golf together. He can contribute as well. And you guys might be like, you guys are terrible owners. We've won a premier lacrosse league championship, so we are at least one time champion. You've won something. We Have Did you get rings? Yeah, we did. We lost them. They're around here somewhere. Swear To God we lost them. They're Definitely in the office. They're, and and then Max got Through it on the Floor. The problem is we put all the rings together and we're like, alright.


Like remember the rings are here and then we lost where they all were. Oh no. Okay. Then Max got involved in the next year they finished second place. Yep. How about that? A loser, just a fact lose. That's A Philly guy. I was, yeah. I would actually also like to have, yeah, max is free to be the mascot assistant coach for the big deal. Selects. We want him on your team. He's gotta Slip that Hair back. We have too many coaches. No, no. He could be the water boy. Sure. Great. He's never won a Thing. Oh, okay. Stick boy. Isn't he the one I've Won? I've won. He could be Stick boy for You know what they did? He's wor he's one. That's True. I was listening to the most recent episode of Spit and Chiclets. I'm a fan and there was a story that you guys kind of danced around that I thought maybe you'd, you'd like to share with us because I didn't know this, but apparently biz your sister is married to a guy named Paul.


Oh my God. Oh no. Yeah. Let's just, let's just preface this with, I ran into business sister at the, the ball hockey tournament and she's so nice, so friendly, talkative and we're, she always brings up the story like, can you not talk about the Pauls? And I was like, yeah, no problem, I won't. And then she's like, and by the way, you've never met, here's my husband Paul. She married a Paul. Oh, So biz was the one that first told this on, on Chiclets. Yeah. And then I went over to my parents' house for brunch one day and, and she was, you know, she was staying there with the, with Paul Paul the husband. And you know, brunch was ready. Hey, can you go upstairs and get that? And I knocked And. it was like, yeah.


And I opened the door assuming like, yeah, like, like can is come in inter international sign for come in. Yeah. And, and I walk in and, and Paul is just plowing myself right before, right before French toast and eggs and bacon, just going to the wood shed on Natalie, Just giving her the Reebok earrings. Old Good old Paul Paul sounds Like a great guy. So I, I left, I left brunch. You Didn't go to brunch? I didn't. I grabbed a quick strip of bacon and I was out of there. I'd seen enough And then he just started DMing every Girl With the same name. I, and I was, Yeah, you gotta find your, you gotta find your sister Just wood Show you don't find her name somewhere. And then just trick her just walking in.


I, I met a girl Natalie once that I liked, but I just, I couldn't get over the hump. I was like, let's stop this before it gets Serious. And now Paul, her ex Paul is with that Natalie. So it all works. What, What's even crazier is I, I went on a few dates this summer 'cause one of my buddies that introduced me to a girl and I, I took a liking to her but she had the same name as my father, which is Camille. Oh that's C-A-M-I-L-L-E. So I was like I told you right? Yeah. So I was like Jesus, it'd be a little weird if I bring home Camille to meet Camille and Yeah, Paul's there with Natalie and Paul comes and Then just this starts Like, you know, it's just too much. I don't Think I could, you guys gotta dress up together.


I Think there were a couple what's you know's even crazier. Yeah. She dated another Paul when she was in high school. She's Got a type. What? So she's in love with you. Dude. Your sister's in love with you. Well, Well she never wants this to be talked about. Your sister is in love with you. You said you Couldn't date a girl named her name, but she is no problem whatsoever like that. She does not have that Block. Well he's trying to stop this. It's like, it's like the incest couples like at one point there's one kid, it's like we gotta end this. Holy shit. Your sister loves you a lot. Yeah. More than loves. Big time. Loves. Oh God You're an asshole. She's Just finding Paul's like Paul's left and right. You guys are very close.


It's a deal breaker. I'm so happy she's swiping right On everyone who's not her. I'm able To provide your podcast. No, no. Like when you put in like what you want in the dating app, she just write Only Paul Paul only Paul com. Paul Paul's only. Oh my god. So wait. Oh she's gonna Kill me when she said she's Gonna kill me when she said he Might divorce Her. Now what are you gonna do with that? He such a Nice, she'll find another Paul. Whatcha talking about There's pretty plenty of paws in the sea. Go Down the local construction site. Anyone named Paul? Hey Paul. Oh. Have you ever introduced her to Gaz? No. Okay. Stay away. Stay Away. No, she doesn't like bald paws. Oh, okay. Okay. Well he's not bald. He just wears a hat all the time. The time. Yeah. True. You don't know that. True. Very true.


Paul Paul's gas is ripped Now. Oh God. I'm Gonna, he's on TRT for Sure. Does This come out? Fuck yeah. Friday. Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna be getting a text Saturday morning. Okay. No one's gonna hear this. No, but no one listens To show. Nobody listens to this show. No one listens to this show.


Alright, final thoughts? Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts. Rollback dot com promo code take since this isn't the hockey preview, give us your World Series winner.


This is gonna be fun for Wanna know something crazy? Oh, I do. It's not, that was way like overly hyped. It's not. Not The Socks. Right? The socks are brutal, Aren't they? Do you remember when I came on the show and you guys relentlessly tortured me for saying McDavid was better at his sport than anyone else in the world. Wasn't their sport. Yeah, but he doesn't, the only place I've heard, I've now switched it to Tani. Ah. And I'm like obsessed with watching this guy play Baseball. And. it might be if you don't watch college football pitching And, it might be Travis Hunter. Oh yeah, Travis Hunter. Really? Dude Was a college player. Was that good? He Played football doesn't play he wide receiver and cornerback. He played 144 snaps the other night. For who?


For college Colorado. And he went to Dion's first school that was I believe like all black school, Jacksonville, HB C. Yeah. Number one recruit in the nation had never committed to an HBSC. cu. CU. He went there to follow Dion and then Dion went to Colorado and he followed him there. And he still has to play one more year of college from No, he, I I think he come out this year. This Is second year of Colorado. So third seven. Yeah. Yeah. So he'll be I not the first pick. Like, because you don't, he Might not be the first pick 'cause they don't, he's easy wide receivers. I don't know what he's gonna gonna play. 'cause he, you could make the case he's wide receiver one and cornerback one. Yeah, he's The best. The best cornerback by far in college football. Yeah. And he's definitely, he's probably top three or four wide Receivers. Wow. So you, you know, I guess it's similar to Tani that like never again did people think like somebody would come in and be an elite pitcher and bat and be unreal.


Yeah. He's done that. Nobody's done consistently offense and defense in the NFL. Like maybe he will be the guy that does it. It's, it's Absolutely saying, I think the most remarkable part about it. I would assume that what 75% of people listening assume that he was like, like that the gambling stuff was in fact him. What? Travis? Oh, Show Show. Hey Travis Hunter's never done anything wrong. I think Yeah, I I I don't think we know the full story yet, But, but, but it, I we were saying it's probably fair to assume that like he might have known what was going on. I've actually been on the side of, I've thought he was innocent and the only reason I thought this was because I, I think people underrated the fact that he was in a, he's in a foreign country, doesn't speak the language and his only lifeline to the outside world was this interpreter.


Okay. And so I think the interpreter, like that's a Prime spot. Took Advantage Of guy to advantage of him. Like if he was, if he was a native English speaker I like and he had a best friend, I'd be like, he'd be in one. This is bullshit. Like he knew what was going on. I just think that that interpreter was able to keep a lot of stuff from it. And I'm not even good at checking my finances. And if you have that much money, like are is he ever looking dude, I don't even know I even have Debit card comes that he was involved. He's easily the goat. 'cause the fact that he could do what he's doing now with that on his conscious Sweating out like a 17 parlay. Yeah. Mind Numbing. Well humble this. Think about that. If he was doing that and all that was breaking and you're going into the season and still with probably being under a microscope of people trying to dig that up and you do what he's doing now.


Yeah. The goat six That would also tell you how good he was at baseball. If, if the MLB commissioner was actually like, yeah we know it was you, but we're not gonna punish you At all. That's what I was gonna say. Yeah. That if, if, even if this guy was caught in a casino stealing people's chips like MLB, like sweep this under the rug. Yeah, sure. They have to. Sure. Biggest signing ever The biggest global superstar they've ever had. But we were, I was listening to a part, a great hockey podcast. We both listen to Elliot Freeman has a show 32 Thoughts. He's the number one insider in the game. So it's way different than ours because you know, it's legit. He's Yeah, it's legit. You guys are insiders. So, so he was talking about Tani and, and what he accomplished this year and they, they were, him and his co-host were talking about what it would be in the NHL to do that.


The 50 and 50. Wow. They said it's a hundred goals, a hundred assists. Holy shit. Which has obviously never been done. Well it'd Be like a hundred goals and a hundred saves. No, I think it would be, yeah. Well no's not this year is, he's Definitely not pitching this year. Think four 40 if you did. Well I guess it would be 40 wins would probably be what a goal He is good at 40 wins a hundred goals. Well He is not pitching this year. Which I might change it 'cause he would've played less games I Pitching. But this is the most incredible, like I I I watched Wait, Stay. We're we're about to finish. We're Piss my pants. We're about to finish. I'm about say Goodbye. We're about say goodbye. Goodbye. Bye guys. Love you. Love you too. Love you Paul. Natalie Love I, I just Watched these Dodgers games now. Like he played, he had a, I think it was a walk off against the Red Sox earlier in the, it's just, it's unbelievable.


And then he's that big and that fast. I, I yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's not, it's insane watching this guy that Was a wild move by biz. That's a, that's a biz move I've never Seen gets Before. Piss biz move. Paul Pissing at piss. I just did my last question. We'll be question, we'll be mid interview on Zoom and he just gets up and disappears. Got a host, got host. Did you even ask the question? I asked the last question then he just, he knew that it was about to end. He Thought it was not a great question. So he what got, What was the question? Yeah, what was the question? I don't know. But now we have a, a disaster brewing. Go ahead. Come on. What's up? You gotta, I gotta, I gotta eat. Yeah. Join the Couch real quick. I gotta Eat. Sit down on the couch. Sir. Jaden Daniels was so good. Yes, He's awesome, isn't he?


There wasn't even a word to describe how Actual all Wait. Talk. Talking to Mike, talking to the mic. Thank you. We love you. We're in the, we were doing an interview. Oh, okay. Am I disrupting? Give the Rollback question. I'm No, we're gonna give him, I was just saying we're doing an interview, but am Yeah, I know. Am I interrupting? No, No. Of course. This already got up to piss. You didn't, you didn't text me back. Sorry. I Was busy, Stu I was busy. I was Recording a bunch of stuff all day today. Totally. I I what? I knew that, I knew that Stu was up to something today. 'cause I got like five texts from telling me how many joints he had. And I was, I was busy. I could not smoke. Oh, you brought the bag. I could not smoke all day today.


So That's why stew's very high right now. Yeah, very high. Give some to Hank. Okay. Some to you. It's legal. It's a hundred percent legal, so I bought it legally. It's legal. Okay. Some to hank, some to you. Couple to Megan. I'm not giving, I don't need any. Okay. I would love some Stu. Stu Stu asked the other day to take my kids to the zoo And the aquarium. Yeah. And I was like, Stu, they, they go to school. He was just like, what? But you something do, Do you want a couple of joy? You go to school? Although Stu, if you want Alright, you guys, all, all Thank you Stu. Finer. Yeah. See you Stu. I love you. That was great. Anything That was great.


Anything significant you want to, you Wanna touch on? No, that was it. We loved having you on. Alright. Thank you Stu. Thanks Stu. That was Stu Finer. Oh, thank you. He's handing him a bunch of weed. Alright. And he's giving me a kiss. Don't spill the thing. Alright. We taking that? I love you forever. I love you forever. That's interview Out as he wishes.


The Chiclets guys were brought to you by Coors Light. There's no sports experience quite like the rivalries between college football teams. And now on Saturdays you can get even closer to the action. With Coors Light and DraftKings Coors Light teamed up the DraftKings for the free to play college football pick and pool where you can pick winners for a chance to win big. But when the rivalries heat up, choose chill, and then reach for an ice cold. Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill, there's only one beer to choose. That's Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you. When things heat up, it's a good time to choose chill and crack. Open a Coors Light. I was drinking Coors Light on Monday night watching my commanders play against the Cincinnati Bengals. Had a couple beers before the game and they were Coors Lights and they were ice cold. It was a perfect pre-game meal. Had a couple buffalo wings too. Nothing pairs better with buffalo wings than Coors Light. That's just a fact. Saturdays just got hotter, but you can choose. Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 and up eligibility restrictions. Apply void where? Prohibited seed terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors light pick them. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. Boys. Fire Fest of the week. Hank Spiders Back. No, no, It's a war. Oh no. And I'm losing Oh no. Wait, are they? But it's about to be, That's the problem. Oh, they're trying to get inside. Yes. Yes. They can feel the winter. The the, the winds changing And there's my issue is that I can clear them off of my balcony, but there's windows on the side. I probably, I've already said this last time we talked about this, but they, I can't get to all of them. So there's ones that are alive that I think when I take out all their friends, they come in and try and get revenge.


Oh yeah. I had a spider bite earlier this week. You did? You probably swallowed a couple. Definitely. Yeah. Have You thought about getting one of those long vacuum cleaners on a stick, like the long tube ones so you can maybe reach Around the corner. Yeah. That's scary. What's the, what's the thing? Imagine Reaching around that corner. Yeah, Yeah. What's the, what's the stat? Like everyone swallows at least eight spiders in their Yeah, That was used to be in like our school agendas or whatever. Yeah. That was like one of those like, remember, you know what I'm talking about? It was in your school agenda that you swallow Spiders. I'm about no that at school every, I like, remember they'd give you an agenda where you're supposed to like keep, keep your schedule and shit. Yeah. Oh, And. it had little trivia facts, Had little fun facts every month. That's not true. I don't, I don't remember this, but I'm gonna take your word For, I promise you, and I promise you, you guys are old, but I promise you there's, here we go, thousands if not hundreds of thousands of ABOs who know what exactly what I'm talking about.


There was 12 fun facts or whatever in each one per month. And that was always one. But This is not true. You follow, you swallow 13 spiders a year. It's not True. No, not a year. Yes. It's, there's No chance. It's True. Yes. Also, it was in The Agenda. Dude, I'm, I'm pretty sure that this is all right. What does it say? We, the reality however is quite different. We swallow no spiders at all. Yeah. There's no you used think you spider. How many, how many spiders are 13? The no Is eight. The belief that we swallow an average of eight spiders in our sleep every year has become so ingrained in popular culture. Many people now because of school accepted as a fact. I also just always assumed when they said an average, like a human s swallows an average of eight spiders a year. It was just like one dude in Australia eating thousands of spiders That that actually could bring it up.


Yeah. But I, I don't think that spiders are so dumb that they would crawl into your mouth. No, they're smart as fuck. Yeah. So they're not gonna crawl Into mouth. Mouth. I think they like, I think that's what I'm saying. Like I get concerned about revenge. Like it's, it Yeah, they're coming for you. That's a problem. It is a problem. You should just move. Depends. We'll see how this winter goes. Winter's coming. Winter's coming. Yeah. Alright. PFTI mean I don't really have a fire fest this week. It's more of A-F-I-R-E fest because I've had a very good week. Oh, nice. I've had an excellent week this week and so I guess my fire fest is, I just think about Jayden all the time. Nice. Just all the time. I was thinking about it earlier tonight. I was watching the game. I was like, man, football is so unwatchable, watchable when Jayden's not playing.


Yeah. It's definitely not gonna come back to bite me. No. Like I'm not setting myself for any sort of disappointment down the line by saying this. But we have, I've had a pretty good week. I guess the exception would be I had to get some stitches out and this was, Oh, where? This was last Friday. I had to get some stitches out in Austin. Oh, the stitches Were in Austin? Yeah. I got the stitches out in Austin. Nice. No. Okay. So what, so what happened was when I had the procedure, I had a, it was like a small line across the very back of my head and they had to stitch it up together. So I had stitches. I went into the doctor's office, my doctor in Boston that, that gave me the, the new hair stuff or excuse me, moved my own hair around on my head.


Told me, yeah, you can go into any like minute clinic, any urgent care and just ask 'em, take stitches out. They all know how to take stitches out. So I go in there and the doctor sits me down and she looks at the back of my head and she goes, oh my God. And I was like, excuse me. And, and she's like, oh no, it's, it's nothing. I just haven't seen stitches like this before. I was like, oh, okay. And then she starts going around back in my head and she goes, oh my God. Again. I'm like, what is that? And she was like, oh no, I'm just confused. And she kept saying, oh my god. And I kept thinking like, is this infected? Do I have like spiders crawling out of it? Hank like the, oh my god. Reactions were just insane. I was, I was starting to get worried and I was thinking, is she actually a doctor because she doesn't sound like she's a doctor.


So I ended up calling my doctor in Boston and I was like, Hey, she's a little confused. She's wondering if maybe these are just absorbable stitches so she doesn't have to take 'em out. And the guy's like, absolutely not. You need to take them out right now. Oh shit. And he's trying to like walk her through it. He's like, no, it's just one stitch that goes back and forth a few times and then there's a nod at each end. And she was like, I don't understand what you're saying. She had no idea what my doctor was talking about. You didn't see a doctor. And she kept trying, she was having me reach around the back of my head holding a flashlight on the back of my head. And then she would get mad at me when I, when the flashlight drifted a little bit, I was like, I don't know, I can't see the back of my own head. So We do this for another 20 minutes.


Then she asked me to call my doctor again because she's still confused. And she's like, yeah, I don't know how to take these out. And eventually my doctor had to be like, Hey, PFT, are you still in the room right now? Now? And I'm like, yeah, I'm on speaker. He's like, I wanna say this as diplomatically and professionally as possible. You might want to consider a different clinician to have this procedure done. So after about 45 minutes of of her just like slicing into the back of my head, I had to stop her and say, okay, I think you're uncomfortable with this and that's making me uncomfortable so I'm gonna go. Then she goes out, grabs a different doctor to come in. She's like, wait here just one second. The doctor looks at it and he's like, yeah, these are just stitches. And she's like, can you take them out? He's like, well, I'm with a patient right now so I can't really take 10 minutes out.


And she's like, maybe on your lunch break you can do it. And this doctor's uncomfortable too. And he is like, yeah, I guess I can do it on my lunch break. And she was like, maybe I could watch so I could learn. And he's like, yeah, maybe. So she's like, okay, just come back in like 45 minutes and, and we'll take him out. And I was like, okay, bye. I go to the front desk and I said, Hey, just tell her I'm not coming back. I'm leaving. And I just got the fuck outta there. Holy shit. And then, then I ended up actually getting it done here in Chicago. Once I got got back And, it took about seven minutes. Oh My God. So I don't think the person, I think it was a catch me if you can situation where in her wildest dreams, she's pretending to be an urgent care doctor.


CI's can't be that Difficult. They're not. Yeah, they're not. But for a while they were. So just listen to yourself if you think, yeah, maybe I shouldn't be in this situation. But then again, she had like all these tools in the back of my head and I didn't wanna just stand up and leave. Yeah. That's a hell of a situation. But besides That, doing good. Yeah. I got Jayden. Yeah, you Got Jayden. I got Jayden and the stitches outta your head. Yep. Alright. My, I was actually a seam head for a while. Yeah. My fire fest is quick. It's Derrick Rose retired today and that made me feel old and sad again for Derrick Rose's career. Yeah. That made me feel old. Yeah, I saw that. And I thought that Derrick Rose had already retired.


Yeah, a lot of people did Because I think it was one of those rumors that the dunk sintel Yeah. Would tweet out. Yeah. Once every six months. Like Derrick Rose has retired. Yeah. So I got, I got the exposure to that. So in the back of my head I thought like maybe Derrick Rose has already been retired, but Yeah, it doesn't, it's not right. It's not right. What happened to Derrick Rose? No, it's it's the it's a all time what if, but yeah, it, it, it was like he was so, so electric before he got injured and then injured again. And then injured again. But yeah, it's, it's a what if and it's also a damn, we're getting old. Yeah. Hank, I'm sure you appreciate that, that we're getting old.


I don't appreciate that. That means I'm getting old. True. That's how time works. Memes, you got a fire fest for us? My fire fest is if everybody hates the art we just put out and the interview and I ordered some jet skier to my house on Long Island. Oh. Oh, that's tough. Wait, if also you don't wanna pay our editor enough money. What? Oh yeah. Memes is low balling our editor. Did you See this? No, I saw it. Yeah. What? Yeah, that's all up. There was a job, a job Listing that went kind of viral For part of my take assistant editor entry level. And I think the pay was like 65,000 a year. Wait, People were roasting us. Well, One guy, some Guy tried to roast us. He posted the listing, which is just like a regular entry level editor position, which by the way, like, I think I got paid no money and then $20,000 for like three years and he goes like 60 k for one of the, for a billion dollar company as if how much money Barstell makes.


Yeah. What the fuck to do with how much an editor should make. Yeah. Also bartow's worth $1. Yeah. Yeah. And then there was a lot of people being like, ah, this looks like actually like pretty good, pretty good job listing. Yeah. What the fuck? Bart's not worth. Bartell's worth a dollar. Like how about, So did he get roasted back? That's How every single corporation in the world got Roasted. Yeah. He got, because even like his friends online were like, that's not a bad salary for an entry level spot. And also yeah, you ca like the value of a company. Somebody made the, the comparison to like, you know how much McDonald's pays their employees. Yeah. Or yeah, like Walmart and Usher at Jerry's world. Yeah. Dallas Cowboys employee.


Yeah. They get paid what? Yeah. A fucking team worth $10 billion. Yeah. But I think that's a, from what I saw, that's a pretty fair Yeah. It's entry level, It's fair pay Right. For that position. And If you do a big job, you get paid more. What's Meme saying? It's kind of how It works. I, I'm not sure Pug. Yeah. It's fair. It's fair. Pug. Oh, I mean you can't disagree with Pug. This fucking guy. Brandon. Fuck you dude. You're gonna go against Pug. Get outta here dude. Get outta here. Yeah, there it is. Roast them. Love it. Pug. All right, numbers. Max is at another wedding.


PFT and memes. Have you ever Gotten this? No, I didn't. Numbers. I have Jayden five Wednesday. I've never gotten it. Three. Let's go 1D Rose, Let's go. 2099. Pug. I have a feeling it's gonna be nine. Nine. This feels like a pug moment. 77. 77. Love you guys.