
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's Pardon My Take Football is back. We're gonna talk about the college football week one. We also have Dan Orlovsky on the show to talk about the NFL season, which starts Thursday. This is the best week of the year. Oh, and by the way, we also have a Mount Rushmore dual to decide the Mount Rushmore season. After Orlovsky, we have Hank and PFT going up in three head-to-head Mount Rushmores that we then had the AWS Awls vote blind polls.


So we don't know the results. We're gonna reveal it at the end of the show. There's a lot of tension in this room. It's a great episode back from a long weekend, and


we're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings NFL. Week one is here, and a new season means new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We want to bet on touchdowns. DraftKings hurt us and is delivering. DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple as like picking a player to score a touchdown. We're gonna have some touchdowns on Thursday night. We gotta pick some touchdown scores for Thursday night. Xavier worthy, I like this guy named Patrick Mahomes to throw a touchdown. Patrick Mahomes. Maybe they'll run for one. He's great. Patrick Mahomes is great. Oh, the, the fullback. Carson Steele. Yeah. Carson Steele. Might have to do a little fullback action to open up the season. Was he a No, he wasn't in the bar stool bowl, was he? No, I don't. I think he was a Mion guy. He's the guy that own. He wasn't. He owns an alligator. That's right. That's right. Carson Steel. So ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings customers. Bit five bucks to get two 50 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Okay, let's go Football guy. My my yeah. And my


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Tuesday, September 3rd and football is back. And Brian Kelly is on the hot Seat. Oh my God. It's a yearly tradition. He Hates week one. Brian Kelly has lost three straight week ones at LSU. He's Gotta start playing in week zero. He's gotta volunteer the Tigers. Like, Hey, we will play, we'll go to Hawaii. The Standalone games have not been nice to Brian Kelly. He's trying to find the guy who, who did this. He's the hotdog meme. Basically saying after, afterwards, this is the first time since I've been here at LSU that I'm angry at my football team. That's a football team you put together buddy. That's the football team you coach. That's His football Team. That is your football team.


Maybe he was angry before but it wasn't his football team yet. So like year one they lose that opening game. Florida State. Right? Yep. With the weird shit that happened at the end with the extra point. Maybe he, he was mad but it was at Coach O's football team. Yep. That he happened to be coaching at the time. But Brian Kelly, his face was turning redder by the second on the sideline. He looked like Tom Coughlin in that game. but it was indoors in Las Vegas. Not in zero degree weather and Green Bay. Yeah. It's A tradition unlike any other Brian Kelly getting upset week one of the college football season. I I would say we can go winners and losers of the whole football weekend, but I think the number one winner by far and away not even close is a Notre Dame fighting Irish because they got to watch their team win on Saturday night in a game that Brian Kelly would've probably lost.


I I said afterwards. I, Brian Kelly actually cost the SEC two wins this weekend because LSU who he coaches now and the fact that he left Notre Dame, Texas a and m would've beaten him if he was still at Notre Dame. 'cause he doesn't win big games. But Notre Dame won a game that was the biggest win of the weekend. Probably If. you look at their schedule, they don't have a ton of tough tests after this. They're in the driver's seat. They're, They might be ranked number one at the end of the season and then they'll get the fifth spot in the Playoffs. Yes. And then, and then they got to watch Brian Kelly and what was the big three things that Notre Dame fans tried to warn LSU fans. They were like, Hey, he can't win the big one. Check Practice safety, Not practice safety. He can't win the big one.


Check. He likes to blame everyone else but himself. Double check. And he's just kind of a jerk. Now it to, in his defense. I know, I guess this is a indictment on Brian Kelly. I won't go to his defense. He should have had a word with his players before the game that it's against the rules to act like you're shooting your opponent with a shotgun after you score touchdown. Yeah. The kids can't know that The penalties Brian Needs to Talk so bad running on like, you know, it was just, they, he basically looked like he was scarred from last year's defense and being like, we gotta just keep USC off the field and preventing themselves from winning the game. Yeah. And the targeting at the end was pretty egregious. Well he said, he said afterwards, he's like, our team feels like they've won.


Like we, we have to be able to, to get over the hump. There's this vibe that we've won a game when we're up. It's like, dude, you are the coach. That's your vibe. Yeah. It was, it was not a great great show. It wasn't a bad showing from LSU. They weren't terrible. No. Nus Meyer was Good. NUS Meyer was good, but then Brian Kelly threw Nuss Meyer under the bus later. Yeah. And said their quarterback played a lot better. And, and, and Miller Moss is very good. Oh, he Was incredible. I think he, I told you 35 to one. I think he did 22. I think He did play better than Nuss Meyer. But their quarterback wasn't the reason why they lost the game. No, They lost the game because they had penalty after penalty and at the end of the game they like, they, they kind of were playing scared.


'cause Brian Kelly is can't win the big one. I think he's like four and 13 against top 10 teams. Teams in ones Yeah. Against top 10 teams. He, he hasn't, He hasn't beaten a, a ranked opponent in a long time. Right. He beat Clemson in 2022, I wanna say, or no, he was already at LSU. He beat Clemson, the DJU game. Which we can, that We can now say, Yeah, Clemson was four, but it was, you know, the backup. It wasn't Trevor Lawrence. Yep. Yeah. The, I feel bad for, I, I love LSU fans. I love LSU Every time we've gone there, this is basically a repeat from last year, by the way, word for word. Every time we've gone there, they've been the best people, the most hospitable people. Like, just so much fun.


They deserve better than Brian Kelly. The guy's a shithead. Yeah. With Brian. He sucks. With Brian Kelly If. You're an LSU fan. You're like, well, he better win. We'll love him if he wins, but with him, he gets no grace period. If he loses no, they're like, well, you can't be an asshole and lose. Yeah, you can be an asshole and win. We love Nick Saban when he was here. We're okay with that. But you, you can't, you can't combine the two because especially like as a complete like fish outta water in the SEC, they'll be like, he's not supposed to be S sec. He ain't supposed to be SEC Paul. No. He's the guy who I'm, his name's escaping me. Who I Think I, I think that's, that's gonna be, I I'm gonna stand on that. Take Jerry DiNardo. He's Jerry DiNardo. That's my official take on Brian Kelly. You could put this on a quote card.


He ain't supposed to be SEC. No, He's JLSU did it with Jerry Giardo, who was a, I think he's a New Yorker and, and hired him And. it was like, dude, what are you doing here? You don't know our culture. Yeah. They need to bring, they need to bring Nick Saban outta retirement. Imagine that. Yeah. I think he'd Do it. That would be fucking sick. I think Nick Saban, he probably really enjoyed not having to work on Saturday in, in the fall for the first time in a long time. He enjoys, like there was one moment. Well, he did work. Yeah. He kind of, but not like, you know, not coaching a football team. Yeah. Yeah. He was on game day and he seemed like a little bit more relaxed. He talked about how, you know, he does miss it a little bit already, but you can see that the pressure of like the NIL era was not, he, he just hates that.


He's like, I don't wanna deal with a salary cap. And he would've, he would've dominated because he is Nick Saban. But by the way, I should have paused this for a second. Hank, are you okay with us talking about college football right now? Yeah, of course. Are you sure? Yes. Because I don't, I I know that you, you hate college football and you don't want to be bothered by it. So we should That's not true. Ask permission. That's not true. I like, I like college football Hate. What's Your favorite part? Shitting on, on Kent State? Pittsburgh on Saturday morning. Well, yeah. People get mad at people. People going mad at me for like, saying I was doing anything but watching college football Saturday. And I just said, I'm not locking in my entire 12 hours of a day on Saturday. The only day we're not in the office to, to watch a random ass week one game when there's only like three good ones.


You Didn't have, you didn't have to watch Kent State in Pittsburgh. You could have watched Another game. I actually did. There was a punt return in the second, second quarter that I tweeted at you. It was awesome. It was sick. There are lots of good games. Yeah. Yeah. I I actually have no problem with your take Hank, because people should just do whatever makes them happy. And that's really the end of it. Like, If you, if it may, I am happy. My happiness comes from watching 12 hours of football and watching state Pittsburgh. Your happiness is from golfing. You should do what makes you happy. And we do 12 hours of football on Sunday. Yeah. But that's the beauty of it. You do 12 hours Saturday and Sunday. What if Somebody had, I like a 20 hours total. What if, what if somebody had that take though? Like, oh you, I'm not allowed to do Anything else on Sunday. You have to gear your entire Sunday around watching the Panthers and the Patriots.


People Do do that. College football fans do that. Yeah. I have no problem with it. You got no problem with with them. But they have a problem with you. I have no problem with, you had college Football fans at your neck. At my neck. It, I didn't even think it was that controversial for a take, but a lot of people said thank you. It sounds like you were triggered a little bit though. 'cause you wouldn't have tweeted that out. If you weren't triggered by something. I Mean any, like a response. I wouldn't say I was like triggered. It didn't upset me. I literally sent the tweet and then he was saying that he And it went about my day. It All started. 'cause he said he was gonna thinking about wearing a bucket hat on the golf course and then someone was like, dude, how could you miss college football week one? Yeah. And he was like, what am I gonna watch Kent State, Pittsburgh. Yeah. That's all I Felt. Did you at least watch your Washington Huskies beat Weber State? I checked the score.


Weber State. Yeah. That was late night. It was a late night. It was late night. That's what you gotta get used to. How many points did they give up? Three. Yeah. That's a pe check defense. Yep. Alright. So are we okay to keep talking about college football? Of course, please. Okay. Alright. So yeah, Brian Kelly was the biggest loser. And Notre Dame fans is the biggest winner because Notre Dame is basically going to the playoff. I I'm fine with saying right now they're in the Playoff. Yeah. We can pencil them in. Yeah. That was actually, that was Don't really Play anyone that was, and Marcus Freeman did take a shot at me in his post game press conference talking about it analytics or it was the next day saying, we need to have a further conversation. I don't think the conversation we had popped up the gopher two down to 14.


But I will say Marcus Freeman, the like Notre Dame fans have to be so happy that Brian Kelly left. Even though it was weird when he left, he just basically turned his back on the whole team. Marcus Freeman's a dude like you. I I watched that, that video of him bringing the team out from the tunnel. That's a guy you wanna go to war with. And he's just, that's a game that Brian Kelly doesn't win that Marcus Freeman did and Notre Dame played. Like they, they, they pushed it, the envelope they went for, for some fourth downs. And Notre Dame is, yeah, they're in the driver's seat. It's A hard stadium to win in too. Especially week one. Yeah. That's your first game of the season. You go, you go to Kyle Field, you got the yell leaders being all weird. They probably had a, a hell of a pep rally the night before where they said all the really strange cult-like activity stuff that They do.


And I was told Connor Wegman was good and he was not. I'll give him, he's just a kid, but he looked like shit. I keep thinking about do breaking moves. Yeah. Just biting your fingernails. Well see. Hank and I have an arrangement right now. Actually all of us do. Which is, we're not looking at our phones. The poll, see what the polls are for Mount Rushmore season now. Looking at the polls. Hank was so affected by the season. I don't know what to do. Not having a phone in my hand. I guess I'll read a book. Yeah. He was reading book. So Hank started To read A book, Book stuff. They don't want you to know. What Do they, what don't they want you to know? Mk, ultra political assassinations. Wow. Lots of stuff. Lot of stuff. A lot of stuff. Okay. Other college football things. So we're free to continue. Please. I I like watching the college football kickoff now.


What do you mean? It's like a little, it's a little treat where it's like, oh, the Actual Kickoff. I was like, oh, it's an, it's a old kickoff. Yeah. Yeah. I remember this old school and, and college football is smart, but the one thing I don't like is the two minute warning, which is not a two minute warning in college football. Yeah. And they call it a two minute timeout. Yeah. Not in they're, and then in the booth they're like, yeah, we're not supposed to call this a two minute warning. We have to call it a two minute. I'm like, guess what? Everyone's calling it two minute warning. Right. That's what it's warning. I do have a college football observation. Okay. Oh, Give it to us. Wisconsin's QB is way too old to be, to be playing Tyler Van Dyke. Yeah. Well what about Miami's? Miami's, he's Just not good. Who? Tyler Van Dyke. Yeah. So you did watch college football. Yeah. You just happened to watch that game.


Yeah. Max was a real sicko rooting against Wisconsin. I never said that. I texted him 'cause I knew PFT was at p punk and I knew Max was watching. Yeah, he's What do you mean he's too old? There's there's so many old quarterbacks. Yeah, but he's just old enough where he's like, he's clearly not good enough. He's just like holding on and costing Wisconsin. Oh damn. Do you know that We don't usually get good quarterbacks. I Don't think he's good. Okay. But we don't get quarterbacks. What about Graham Ertz Didn't go well? No, did not. So that was you disagree. Fake. I was watching that game and I was like, this guy is bad. And then they were like, he's like 27 years old. Damn. The Fake field goal was sick. His fake field goal was sick.


He's 23 years old, so I don't really know why that, that one I Got my eye on him. There Was a, there was a tight end on Miami who's in his ninth year of Yeah. That's I love. That's too much too. Dylan Gabriel's on Oregon. He's 23 years old. but it iss just my guy. I haven't watched any Oregon yet. I'll let you know. I Think Hank's Saying you Only watch. Hank doesn't like watching. How'd You Only watch one game? I watched Colorado too. I watched Colorado too. Hank good. Hank Doesn't like watching an old quarterback who's bad. Yeah. It was a bad game. Memes has got something to say. Memes. How old's Washington's quarterback? Oh, good question. Reams Cam rising is like 25. I have no prob. I'm just immediately is like, he's not good.


How old is wa? I don't know. Worry about your own team buddy. Alright, sorry. I won't, I will. No, no more college observations for me. Well, I mean, well you only came with one that my team stinks. I know. We we're transitioning. It's not great. I Didn't know that. I didn't know that. I wish We weren't doing the air raid. I wish we were just, I was actually texting my friends during the game. I was like, dude, old, old Wisconsin football. We would've just won this game. 27 to seven And. it would've been so boring and I would've been so happy. Instead, we're trying to do this air raid And. it doesn't work. It's truth. Just run the ball up the middle for, and, and the game takes like two hours and a two hours and 30 minutes. We win 27 7. We, we throw nine passes and that's in and out Memes.


How old is Washington's? 23? Will Rogers. Oh yeah. Will Rogers from You? Mississippi State Close. He's been around the block. There was a, a tight end on Miami who scored a touchdown in the swamp who's in his ninth year of college football. I think Hank's whole, whole grime. His gripe with this is that it's depressing watching an old quarterback who's also bad. Yeah. Which is true. Well, We're Will Rogers isn't great. 35 to three. Okay. FCS Do you know what that is? Scoreboard. Hank, just tell him. Scoreboard. Do you know what FCS is? What? Like one aa. Okay. I don't like this new college football. Hank. Who? You only watch one fucking game.


And. it was my game. We're going through things. He's the, we're listen, we're gonna beat South Dakota State and then we're gonna lose by 30 Bama. Alright. I'm telling you right now. That's what's gonna happen. And that I'm, I've made my terms with it. Any other thoughts from that game? It feels very directed that you just we're, we're working on some things. Colorado Travis Hunter stud. Yeah. Yeah. Here it is. That, That touchdown catch that He had. Thank Travis. Travis Hunter is unbelievable. He, he like, I don't know how he caught that ball in the corner of the end zone where he reached like across the other guy at the last second and dragged it in. He's Gonna be the number one pick.


Obviously. Probably not really. Probably quarterback. Quarterback. I might have to bet Tyler Van Dyke to win the Heisman. Now that Hank's doing this. You get some pretty juicy odds on that. Yeah. I don't even know if they have 'em on the board. Probably. Probably a billion. You If you do that. Yeah. A billion to one 1-800-GAMBLER number should pop. It should hack your phone. They're gonna be like, are you sure you meant to do this for your Own good Sir. Alright. Other, other have to have like, Like a nuclear submarine have to have two people that share the same bank account. Turn the key on that one. Hank let me give you a, a quick 32nd explanation of what's going on right now. I'm ha I have, I'm having a crisis. Okay. Because I believe in Luke Fickle and I think he's a very good coach.


They decided to do an air raid offense. It doesn't really make sense for Wisconsin when all we should do is run the ball down your throat and beat like everyone on our level and then lose to Ohio State and Penn State. I was happy with that. That was a good life going like nine and three and 10 and two and playing boring football, but just full back, fucking down your dick. You're not gonna be able to stop it. It was a good life. Now I don't have a good life because now I, we try to throw the ball and we don't throw the ball well and we're gonna win like six or seven games and I don't have a good life anymore. Yeah. At the mercy of, of what's his name? Van Geel.


Van. No. That's the thing about Van. You're just so Yeah. That's the guy. You're just Offended. You were offended by my quarterback. Yeah. I was just like, I was like, this guy's horrible. Where'd he come from? They're like, you know, he is like a fifth, seventh year transfer man. He's Not a seventh year transfer. He's not a seventh year transfer. Alright. Other, other losers this weekend. Billy Napier. Billy Napier, big time. Sunbelt. Sunbelt, Billy. They've Sunbelt he coached at Louisiana, right? Yeah. Ain't cutting it. He he ain't supposed to be SAC either. He is. That's another situation where they got rid of Dan Mullen, who went to some New Year's six Bowl games. And now Billy Napier, I think I saw that he is seven and five at the Swamp.


And If. you take FCS teams out. He's five and five. Yeah. D listen, Dan Mullen. Yeah. His wife kissed players on the lips. Big deal. He won football games. He's a guy that looks so happy to be on tv. Yeah. He loves being with his big old head. Yeah. Billy Napier had trouble during the game. He had trouble after the game. He couldn't get the top off his water bottle. Yep. Which was a bad look. You should be at least have the forearm strength to remove a bottle cap. Hank's doing it right now and he's got tiny little arms. Yeah. It's that easy, Billy. He does, he's probably on the hot seat pro. I don't He was on The hot seat. He's not even on the hot seat. He, he was on the hot seat before the season started. He's fired. And then we looked at when, when Andy Staples was on the show. We saw their last what, seven games.


Yeah. He's fired. Billy Napier, unfortunately has been pre-Fire by me, Florida. To do that against a team where you're competing, the same recruits that you're trying to get are on the sideline watching that game. Yes. And to just get your shit pushed in by an in-state rival. Conversely, the U might be back. The U is Cam Ward is electric. He was electric last year. He he's awesome in the U. Yeah. It does feel like they're another team where a week one win on the road in the SEC, they now are in the driver's seat where their schedule is not super tough and Florida State looks like shit.


They're, I mean they're oh and two now. DJU that's, that's gotten his bad Florida and Florida State game, by the way, will be the most depressing game this year. Florida State looks like shit. Virginia Tech, the dark horse of the a c Lost to Vanderbilt. Yeah. So NC State struggled on Thursday night. So Miami like, maybe their toughest game is Georgia Tech. If they played Georgia Tech because Georgia Tech's 2.0. But like they, Miami was another big winner from the weekend. The, you might be back The you I think is back. I think they're, right now they're in pole position to win that conference. Yep. And credit by the way, to Bill O'Brien. Yes. Bill O'Brien, Boston College. His, did you see his polo shirt tonight? No. Oh. Big Cat. You gotta look up a picture. Oh, was it, did he have sweat stains all over the place?


He Had sweat stains, but they weren't like, the normal sweat stains that are, are like limited to your armpits that usually go down to the chest area. These pit stains went down the side of his arm. I love it. In the polo shirt to the very end of it. It's hot in Florida. It's very hot down there. It's muggy. He's not, he's not a southeast boy, but it's Bill O'Brien called a hell of a game. Yeah. And, and Florida State is a complete disaster. They looked, they've looked so bad through, I mean, they have a bye week next week. Thank God for them and their fans. Did you see also there's a fan online who now has to delete his account? He did delete his account. Yeah. That was gonna be by who's back? Oh 3 2 1 K Noel said, if Florida State loses to BC this weekend, I'll eat dog shit out of a red solo cup with a spoon and post a video of me doing it.


Book it. He's now gone from this world Coward, coward deleted his account. You gotta follow now that, listen, they're not gonna win any more games until this guy eats the dog shit out. That's facts. That's how it works. Yeah. The, so Billy Napier was a big loser. Florida State in general was a big loser. And then Dabo Poor Dabo said before the game, it, it's not about the scoreboard, it's how you, how hard you play. And then after the game, after they got absolutely crushed by Georgia, who looks like an, you know, they look like back to Peak Georgia, where it's like, now that Saban's not there, their only loss was ever to Nick Saban. There's a rollover people, Dabo said after the game, one of the positives from the game was that the Tigers matched up well with the bulldogs in terms of pure talent.


The scoreboard doesn't show that, but we matched up. Well some details really cost us, I'll give you one detail. Quarterback. Yeah. Or the scoreboard. Scoreboard is a detail. Yeah, that's a minor detail. That's a pretty big when you, when you score six points. Yeah. It's a, but like Clemson was a great team. They were a great team in college football. Yes. And then they just became a not so great team. It felt like overnight. But the overnight was just when Trevor Lawrence went to the NFL. Yeah. And since then they haven't been able to find out who's throwing the ball for him. So they're gonna stink for a while. Yeah. Deshaun Watson and Trevor Lawrence were all worlds out of this world. Quarterbacks. And they haven't been able to replicate that. They haven't gotten anyone that's nearly as good as him back there.


But Did you also see Roddy White? Yep. Said that he's like, Clemson has too many white guys out there. And then people got mad at him. but it, I I think what he was talking about was there was a possession where it was like 10 out of 11 guys. Yeah. On the field. That is too many white guys. That's too Many white guys. You can't have that many white guys out on the field And and play against Georgia. Yeah. Georgia. No, you cannot. I mean, listen, I'm, I I'm all for equality. I think it's a, you know, a a a meritocracy on the football field. You can't have 10 out of 11 guys be, it's A lot of, a lot of white guys we're, We won't be able to beat George. A lot of white guys, but Yeah. Dabo, he's going through it. That, that reminds me of that quote from the Air Force coach back in like 2002 where they asked him what he needed to do better and he is like, we need to recruit more black players because they run very, very well.


That was his, that was his answer after the game. There you go buddy. Yeah, Penn State was a big winner. Penn State looks awesome. Is Drew Owler good? Drew Owler looked sick. He looked like the guy that everyone thought he was gonna be last year. Well, If you listen to our, our preview with Brandon Walker and Tom Ferelli. They correctly pointed out that Penn State's new offensive coordinator will make up a lot of ground for them. And. it did look like that They were running some plays that like had guys running wide open. Yeah. Trey Wallace was great. It was, it was fun to watch it. I it was not an offensive you were watching last year with Penn State. So Yeah. Big, big win for Penn State.


Winner Tennessee. Winner Tennessee. Nico is, Nico Is Legit As advertised. Oh, he's so good. By Tom Fe and Brandon Walker. Yes. Nico is awesome winner. The Idaho head coach. Coach Eck, I loved him. He just basically, he had a, so Idaho was, I think they were down seven in the fourth quarter to Oregon. He had a, an entire binder of plays. Like he would just have, he had a guy hand him a binder. And. it was, there had to be like 3000 pages in there and he just kept on having these trick plays that would work. And. it was so much fun to watch because it just doesn't have, it was kind of like watching a 16 seat versus one and you're like, this is just, this is insane.


How are they still in this game? Yeah. I didn't, I wasn't able to catch any of that game, but I, every time I looked at the scoreboard, I was like, is Oregon in trouble? Yeah. Is Oregon gonna lose this game? And that, I went back, I watched some of those plays and they were just absolutely emptying the tank. Yeah. Against them. It was like they knew they couldn't line up and beat 'em playing normal football, but they're like, we're gonna try to just smoke and mirrors our way to a win. It was incredible And, it would've been an all time smoke and, and Mirrors win. Yeah. It was incredible. I'm trying to think of any other winners or losers. I mean, the big losers was really just Brian Kelly, Billy Napier Dabo and Dabo Dabo, poor Dabo. Those, Those three I, I said there, there should be some sort of football guy, preacher that should get in touch with Dabo Sweeney and tell him like, you know, who used the transfer portal?


Jesus Christ. Yes. When he went into that tomb. So you can get in there for three days a year. Dabo. Well that three days a year is good enough and you can just get in, get out and just transform into a new team. He, I, I feel like he's also at this point where he, he really should take a hard look and just be like, should I just retire? Because if he, if he walked away after this year, he would be a Clemson legend. And. it would never be like it got bad. But If, you stay on too long. And it keeps going like this. And again, Clemson still is winning. They won 10 games last year I think. So it's not that they aren't like still a good football team. It's just remarkable how far they've fallen off from the superpowers that they were in five years ago.


They need a good quarterback. Yeah. If they got a good quarterback and maybe didn't have 10 out of 11 white players on the field at one time. Which is kind of, it's weird that Roddy's last name is white. It's true. And he said that So he gets a pass. Yeah. So he gets a pass on that. Yeah. He, he's allowed to use that word, the W word. But if you're If you just take that roster and you put a good quarterback on it, like a very good college quarterback, then Clemson would be fine. Yeah. They might not be Georgia, but they'd be fine. No Georgia's I those first games when you get to play like a Georgia or LSU just LSU should just not play week one anymore. They're tough. Yeah, because, because it's like Clemson could still win the a c could still go to the playoff.


There's 0% chance Clemson is winning the national title this year. No, because you saw what it looks like when it's the best teams versus like, there's a few teams that have that level of talent. And, it was just, Clemson was never it, it was never like they were never in that game. I know that it was a tie. It was a six, six and a half, but it still was just not, you just saw the line of scrimmage. You're like, this is gonna end quickly. Like they're gonna, as soon as, as soon as the dam breaks, there's just nothing they can do about it. What's the spread for Tennessee NC State? I think probably like seven. You think 10? Yeah. 'cause it's on the road. But NC State didn't look great. No. And Nico looks so good that I feel like, I feel like Tennessee's gonna compete the SEC.


Yeah. I feel like they'll be right there. No, Absolutely. Also shout out the big ten one seventeen and one. No big Deal. Yeah. USC 17 and one And Washington. Yeah. The only loss was Minnesota to North Carolina. Yeah. When PJ Fleck pretended he had Justin Tucker, what were you gonna say? Oh, that was close. Yeah, that was close. They lost by two. I watched that one. Oh you did? Yeah. What'd you think you went to see? His kicker as fucking Insane. Has a bomb of a crazy And then PJ Fleck was just deciding that, I don't know why he thought his kicker after he had missed like a 30 yarder. He's like, no, we're good with a 47 yarder here. And was not never close, but yeah. Big 10, 17 and one. It's, it's just weird seeing 17 and one.


Yeah. That's a lot. There's so many fucking, so there's 18 what? The big 18? Yeah. I mean we haven't had 10 teams in forever. I know. And we've been to Big 10. I know. So I, I like to keep Like you get to pack 12 with when it's a two pack. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Any other college football thoughts? Anything else? Hank, you wanna just keep twisting the Night? Say something about the big 12. Hank Everyone's team one. Yeah, That's what he was gonna say. Quinn. Yours. It was on Sunday conversation. I watched that. Oh, Hank. Hank. Not the 12. Not the big 12. Big 12. My friend Texas. Oh fuck. Shit. You got, I need some analysis from you about the big 12 before we can take it. I got nothing Oklahoma. Oh no.


Hank at rcc. Two Name five big 12 teams. Mm. Let's go Kansas State. Yes. Oklahoma State. Yes. Get hot. Hank. Get hot. Get hot. Kansas State. Oklahoma State Kansas. Yes. Yes. You've taken all the Kansas, you got no Kansas left. Kansas State. No, no. You already said we're not in Kansas anymore. Hank, this Is making me feel better about his Texas analysis tech Wisconsin. Okay. Yeah. This guy doesn't watch college ball. Texas Tech. Yeah. Yes. That's four, right? That's yeah. I said five. Fuck you Watch one of the games Colorado.


Yeah. Bang. Wow. Easy anymore. Any others slip one in? Nope. We talked about one of the other games. Oh, nothing. Nothing. Huh? Nothing. Nope, nothing. Oh, Iowa has an offense. Iowa. Iowa State. Iowa. Iowa State. Iowa State guy. There you go. Yeah. I's offense. It didn't show up till the second half, but it did show up. The first half was very funny. Started exactly how an Iowa game always does. Yeah. I I It's just like punt, punt, fumble, interception. Miss field goal, punt field goal. And then they're like, we figured it out.


Yeah. The iPads. The iPads came in handy for 'em at half times. Yeah. Arizona the big 12. Yes. Hank, good job Recently. Big 12 team. Good job. Arizona State. Yeah. There we go. We're cooking Now you just gotta, you just gotta find the pairs and just hammer it. Yeah. Think of PAC 12. Rechecks. You got this. That's good for now. Okay. That's, yeah, I think That's, that's more than Enough. Good job. That was our big 12 Recap. That was our Big big 12 Recap by Hank name. Some big 12 teams. I think you should actually, well no 'cause I don't want you to have to study it, but we're, let's sit. Oh, he won't. Yeah, you probably won't. Maybe tomorrow. Can you name all the big 12 teams?


Yeah, We should have done the Mount Rushmore Big 12 team. Just let Hank fly on it. Alright. Anything else from, from this weekend before we do. Who's back? No, I'm looking for next. I'm looking forward to next weekend. Yes. Texas, Michigan. Texas, Michigan. I'll be there. The college football show will be there. You know who the captain's gonna be from Michigan? The honorary captain. Who? Derek Cheater. Oh, Michigan Legend. Yeah. I did watch the Connor Stallions doc. What'd you think? It was interesting. What'd you think? I I, it was, I ended up like being like, I love Connor Stallions because he just seems like he is, he's essentially just every fan ever who's like, I'll do anything for my team to win. And then he actually did do anything for his team to win.


But yeah, I mean they, they definitely cheated. I think everyone cheated, but they definitely did too. And Harbaugh didn't know They cheated the most. Harbaugh they Tried to get, they tried to implicate Harbaugh by having a scene where Connor Stallion showed off the game ball that Harbaugh gave him. But Look at this. Look at this. Yeah. See this right here. See this right here? This is game ball presented to Max Dete from Big Dom Max. Have you ever met Big Dom in your life? In spirit? That's my guy. Exactly. I rest my case. How did I Get back there? By the way? That Was on my desk. I rest my case. Harbaugh did not know. Just because you get a game ball doesn't mean you know, the guy and also the pictures with him together, but whatever.


And he was on the staff. Yeah. Don't downplay my relationship with Big Do. That was, that was a Gift. Well, you haven't, you haven't met Him. You have not met him. Fact picture, I'm, I'm defending our guy, Harbaugh. There was a great story in the Connor Stallions dock where Connor Stallions, like after everything he went through, he went to the Ohio State Michigan game. And he said that after, when everyone was on the field, he was on the field. He's wearing a ski mask. And he went up to Michael Barrett, one of their linebackers. And he was just like, he had his full ski mask on. And he was just like, great game Mike b And, and Michael Barrett was like, are you fucking kidding me? Is that him? And he pulled, he like pulled down his ski mask for a second and Michael Barrett like went crazy. How'd he get down there? I don't know. But he was like, he, he became everything that he was.


The internet was like pretending like he's everywhere. Yeah. It kind of felt like at the end of the season he was like, yeah, you know what? I'm just gonna be everywhere. Oh. Castes stall is like, okay, say what you want about cheating and all that stuff. But the man had a plan. He had a course of action and he followed through on it and he worked very hard at his goal. Yeah. And he accomplished his Goal. He showed a little bit of his manifesto, but he said he's still saving it for when he's gonna be Michigan's coach because He is gonna reuse it. Yeah. No, he, well he never, he used some of it but he, no one's ever seen a lot of the things that he's done. Do You think Harbo was having like secret meetings with Con Con stallions was Harbo Didn't know him. Har didn't know, never met him. Never were in the same room. He was given the info To Other guys. Yeah. And then other guys would kick it up and take credit for it.


Like it was their idea. Correct. And they'd be like, Hey, what do you think about this insight coach? Don't you like this insight? And then he'd pat them on the head, be like, great job assistant coach. Yeah. I appreciate that. And they never gave credit to Connor Stallions. I didn't realize too that It was great that he started his coaching at, at Navy. 'cause he was in the Naval Academy and his first game that he ever was on the sideline was, was against Ohio State Navy versus Ohio State. And he Love That. They almost, they, they were competitive. I love That he Was doing the signals. I'm gonna watch that tonight. It's, it's very good. I I I enjoyed it just because it's, it's one of the best college football stories that we'll ever have ever. Yeah. It was so much fun. Yeah. Living through it was so much fun. It's like, it was made for memes. It's an AI like If.


you think about quantum computing over the next like 20 years. If you took whatever AI they have then, and then just focused on the craziest message board that you've ever been on. That's essentially what Connor Stallions is correct. And he, he made it all happen. Correct.


Okay. Let's do who's back the week then we'll get to Dan Orlowski talk some NFL and then we have the Mount Rushmore dual who's back the week. Brought to you by our friends at Gametime football season is here. And we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We were looking at the Chief's Ravens game Thursday night, kicking off the NF NFL season. We saw an amazing deal for 200 bucks. If you're trying to go to banner night, just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks near deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Someone out There's gotta buy those tickets. Get there for banner night. Can't wait for the NF NFL season. Download the Gametime app today and use code PMT to easily score great deals with new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime? Go check it out with the Gametime app.


Henry I's back to the week as Scotty Scheffler. Yes. Yeah. He won golf's biggest event of the year, which is done at the worst time of the year when no one cares about golf. Was that the ending? That was, he won like $26 million. Yeah. Winning just that one tournament. But to This, this weekend was the tournament. It's over. They did on Labor Day weekend. It was a FedEx Cup. Yeah. You remember the trophy? I remember the trophy. Who could forget the trophy? PFT. But why did they Do it? I don't know. There's, there's big breaks in between some of the majors. They, they draw it out for the this long and then do it on a weekend. That's a holiday weekend when College football is back And it ends on, it should have ended on Monday.


If anything, do It and do it the weekend before. Yeah. Like when will, When will people realize you can't Compete With football? No. Like well I guess Hank can with golf and bucket hats, but everyone else cannot compete with football. You can't. Yeah. And just the way it's set up where it's, Scotty Scheffler had a, had a three stroke lead to start the whole weekend. And. it was like, you know, Colin Cormo Cower had a better score than him over the three days. But 'cause of the, the early lead, like it didn't matter. So What'd he win by? I don't know what he won by two Or three, but he was, He won 25 million. So he is won like 60 something million dollars was 62 million I think. So his caddy has made 6.2 million.


Who? For being on the man's bag. That's a lot of money for being on a man's bag. That's crazy. That's crazy. Max Hoa had a good tweet about it. 'cause PGA tour communications sent this out on August 29th, which was Friday. Right. I believe they said Scotty Shuffler cards a 665 and holds a seven stroke lead after the first round of the tour championship. Scheffler is the first player to hold a lead of seven strokes or more after 18 holes of a tour event on record. And Max Homo said the chief Chief scored two touchdowns in the first quarter and lead by 30. A new record. Yeah. Yeah. It's a weird format. Yeah. He, yeah, he won by four strokes. I see what you're saying too. He, he, Mark Howell played better but this weekend, but I also think it should somehow, it should come somehow come down to match play.


Yeah. But Scotty did deserve the lead because he played better. That was his whole thing when they, when he was like, this is this really decide the champion. If I have to play again for something I've already won basically. So I get that he should get the lead. Yeah. They should figure that out and play it at a different time. Okay. Good. Who's back? Hank? Thanks. Golf on college. Football week one. Yeah. Good. Great. Who's back? We, we just, no, we, no, we'll move, we'll move on to real sports. The air raid offense is back. My who's back of the week is Joey Chestnut. Yes, that's fine. Real. A real athlete. Joey Chestnut is back baby. He ate 83 hot dogs. Crazy in 10 minutes. 83 hot dogs with no dunking.


He could sip the water he competed against. Khi was never really a competition. After the first like two minutes he got a lead. He kept the lead. Khi ended up with what, 66 dogs? Yeah. It was something like that. He just dominate. Which is Still a good, that's a large amount of hot dogs. It's good. Yeah. It's a good day Of dogs for a man to eat. Correct. In 10 minutes. Correct. Probably like the second best that that bout by Kochi would put him as being like one of the top five Yeah. Of all time. Yeah. And then chestnuts 8 83 hot dogs in his fucking face. Yeah. 83 hotdog. He got a lead. He didn't look at the scoreboard, didn't slow down, kept building the lead and it was god damn it was impressive.


Now it, it didn't have the same pageantry, at least for me as the 4th of July hotdog eating contest. I like it. 'cause it's on the 4th of July. I like it 'cause everyone's waving American flags. I like it 'cause it's outside. Yep. So this was in a dome and just like in the NFL If, you eat indoors. I'm sure that's a little bit easier staying out of the sun. I feel a little bit bad for Khi though. Why? Because Ima imagine eating 66 hot dogs and feeling like you didn't accomplish what you were trying to do. You Got a bag. He got a bag. But yeah. Okay. Money aside eating 66 hotdog and losing has got to be an all time bad feeling. Yeah, I think I would, I would normally agree with you if it were like on the 4th of July, the guy who don't get bags for 4th of July.


Yeah. If 4th of July If, you're like the guy who finishes third and you're in Coney Island or on Coney Island. You had 50 hot dogs. You came third, no one even remembers you. You're standing there hot, sweaty. That Kobe got a bag. Got a bag. I'm saying money aside though, it stinks that you ate 66 hot dogs. Yeah. And you're just a loser. Yeah. Yeah. That does stink. But 83, that's so many fucking hot dogs. So many hot dogs. Unreal. And he probably drink after. Where can he go from there? 84. Dude, What's amazing about Joey is he continues to push himself. Yeah. Like Normally he's the greatest of all time. You would need somebody that would come along and like put away 90 dogs or a hundred dogs to prove to him that he could even eat more. To even believe that it was possible to eat more.


Yes. But every time he sits down on a dinner plate, he's like, fuck it, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, there's no iron sharpening iron for Joey Ch He is the iron. Yes. Yes. Okay. My who's back of the week is, we should have talked about this with college football. Kirk Herb Street's dog. Yeah. Is back. He was back. He was in the booth Starting some controversy. Max, what do you think? Close Personal friend of mine. Yeah. You did meet him. Kirk. The, the dog. I don't know how I wanna say what I wanna say. I like Ben a lot. I love Ben. Ben's very cute. I I do think This got us in trouble before.


Yeah. You know what I'll pass. I love Ben. Not gonna, I love Ben say. Yeah. Max and I, I love that Max and I got to ESPN people. ESPN bringing, yeah, it's kind of the same thing. E esp n Like no one, Like If. you had a bring your If. you had a kid that was like a little baby that you would You bring and I Brought on the set. Hey, what if I brought my kids to tape every show? I've heard this. You guys would be like, I'm trying to think where This would be annoying. Right. Who said that? Yeah. Well, I like Ben a lot. Well, I just wish I, IIII want Ben to be as happy as possible. I don't know if he's like sitting under a desk at a football game. Loud noises like that might suck for him. He's But Herbie's Herbie's a friend. So I'm not gonna say anything bad about Ben.


He's an emotional support pet. Yeah. I'm not gonna say anything bad about Ben. I like Ben. I don't like that Herbie has to defend himself online against dog haters. That's sickening. That's what, what did Herbie say? He, Yeah, there was just, there was, Ben was a controversial figure because he was kept on going into shots during little I broadcast. So people were like enough already. Not Me. He was the most Yeah, he was, he was right there in between Reese and himself. Right. Yeah. And At what kind of had to like almost credit push Over I think credit to Reese. Yeah. Reese handled that like a pro. Yeah. It was the worst controversy involving a booth and a Lincoln that I've ever seen.


Yeah. That was a little bit of a stress, but I like it. Yeah. But I was trying to get there. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I got in the vicinity of it. Yeah. You got around there. Yeah. I like Ben. I like Ben. I love Ben. I love Ben. I wanna see more of Ben. I would too. I would like to see more of Ben. I would. I'm You agree Hank? Yeah. Yeah. We like Ben. He's a good boy. Hank's on none of Ben. I think Ben's a very good boy. Yeah. Ben. Yeah. Hank didn't see any, Hank only watched tape on Tyler Van Dyke. That's it. That's it. He watched every second of Wisconsin. Nothing else should have just at least come over and watch it with me. Oh well. Herbs like, fuck it. I didn't know They were on.


I was Sitting. Yeah. He had to defend himself. Herbie's got like 30 tweets about, about Ben. Yes. I told you that's why I brought it up. 'cause he's a co he Ben was controversial this weekend. I I I like the way this tweet starts. Dogs should be playing with other dogs. Yeah. That was the, there's a lot of that. Yeah. Like, Hey, this dog should, should not be on a private jet or this dog should not be in a loud stadium. I'm more saying what If you got what? If. you got a second dog that he brought up into the booth so that Ben would have a friend. Yeah. Now we've got two dogs. Her's got, I like Ben a lot. I'm happy that Herbie gets to be with Ben. Is there a place Ben could be during the broadcast that he doesn't have to feel? I I feel like Ben probably feels like he's getting in the way. I don't want that for Ben.


Would you guys agree? He was just, he was just big biting Reese though. He literally just walked in the middle of the live shot to start the game. It was so funny. Yeah, it was funny seeing his tail. He's a happy dog. I like Ben. I I love Ben. I love Ben. I give Ben 13 outta 10. Very good dog. Yeah. This might be worse than the Taylor Swift stuff. I haven't said anything besides, I love Ben. Is he really Herb Street's dog? I've never, I I need to see video evidence of Herbie Booping him. I love Ben. I wanna see F on in. I love Ben. Ben's a great dog. Great dog. It has nothing to do with dog, but with, with with Ben the dog. Ben Ben does nothing wrong. He's literally done nothing wrong. I'm just saying, is there a place he can sleep comfortably and not like that floor didn't look comfortable for him.


He should have a bed. Right. Let's get Ben a bed. But yeah, when I, I had to mention, 'cause when I saw Herbie go, like he was like 30 tweets deep. Yeah. Going after the Ben haters. You know you're down bad when you're retweeting Florio. He did? Yeah. What'd he say? Florio said, this is awesome. Take your dogs wherever you can, whenever you can. In fact, I agree. Agree. I just, I disagree with that take, but I love Ben. I disagree with that. Take. There's some places dogs shouldn't be. 'cause like, it's not fun for the dog. You think? Chocolate factory. Yeah. Chocolate factory fireworks show. Yeah. Agreed with that. There's definitely places where dogs can just be like, they, they could still be dogs and just be home.


Yep. Yeah. Like a, a mortar exhibit at war. Yeah. War. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. One of them got the guy from Isis, grape Vineyard. He died like a dog. He died like he did die like a dog. Grape vineyard. Yep. Good point. That could fuck a dog up. Raisin packaging Plant. Yep. Avocados, onions. Yep. Chicken Bone Place. Dog fighting ring. Dog fighting ring. Thank you. Michael. Vick's Backyard. There you go. Hank. Bad news kennel. These are, these are places dogs should not be. So Florio Tech around Max. Around Max. No, no. I'm the, I'm pro Ben over here.


I'm what have I said a hundred times? You've been in something word that I can't think of right now about Ben. What? Insinuating I have not insinuated anything. I said I like Ben. I think Max doesn't like Ben. You're very, This is bullshit. I love Ben. No, because what? This is classic projection. I said I love Ben more than you. All We've said on this podcast is how much we like Ben and love Ben. And then you're, you're projecting your own thoughts about Ben when you're saying that we're insinuating something. I just love Ben. I want more content from Ben. Look, you can't even be happy when he says it. He's Basically You're lying. I can tell You're lying. Yeah, you're lying. You Guys are lying. That's your face. Wait. You want more content from Ben? Yeah. Whoa. I think whatever's going on with Ben right now is perfect.


Yeah. You what you want. You want to push Ben to the limit. He's 10 years old. Dude. You're gonna make this dog Ben. Do everything I want Ben. I want Ben To do whatever Ben wants to do. You want Ben to be, you want Ben to travel more and fly more? God, you putting the PR mileage on Ben Load management. I don't like You guys. Okay, let's get to our interview with Dan Los Max loves to abused Ben Awesome interview talking about the NF NFL season. And then we're gonna do our Mount Rushmore dual. After that


Dan Laski is brought to you by our friends at Kors Light Big rivalry game coming up. Choose chill with the world's most refreshing beer. Coors Light Mountain cold refreshment that can chill. Even the most heated rivalries when you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light Mountains in the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you to choose chill. When things heat up, choose chill, and then crack open a Coors Light. Coors Light is the one to choose when rivalries heat up. I'll tell you a big rivalry coming up. It's gonna be whenever Wisconsin Plays Washington. I'll circle that. I don't think they play this year Throughout the record books. So We'll have to go to 2025. Hopefully Tyler Van Dyke is gonna be 29 years old and slinging it all over Hank's face. So when you're looking to cool things down and enjoy the game, choose chill and reach for Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart or goPuff by going to coors light.com/take coors light.com/take.


Alright, here he is, Dan Osky. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, our good friend Dan Orlowski. It is week one, week NFL and we thought no one better than Dan Orlowski. Give us a little season preview talk some storylines. Maybe some picks. Dan, I wanna start here. You're the QB whisperer. Top 10 quarterbacks going into the 2024 NFL season. I know you got this off the dome. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I thought we were gonna talk about Tyler Van Dyken. Phil Longo. Oh no, that's gonna be all right. So Yeah, let's go Mahomes in order.


I'll try to give them to you. Don't hold me to the order that well, but I'll give you, so Mahomes number 10, No Mahomes 10 Mahomes come. Mahomes, we'll go. Mahomes one, Alan two. Borough three. Okay. Lamar four. Okay. Five has gotta be Stroud six and I'm assuming, you know, obviously Trent Williams in our UK there would be Purdy. Whoa. Seven would be oof Stafford. Okay. Would be, you have to do that would be legally you have to do that.


Yeah, That's I'm bound by eight would be, oh man, I'm gonna forget somebody that's not gonna go over well with some humans. That's, This is why we're doing this with some humans. Yeah. I'd probably say Jordan Love. Oh wow. Nine Tua, 10 Rogers. Okay, so no Jalen hurts Hertz. No Dak. Yeah. I mean I, I would put like the, the Trevor Lawrence's, Hertz's Dak, her cousins, Herbert Herbert, those guys are writing that like kind of next group.


It's kind of why this whole off season I've been saying to mainly ESPN producers stop asking me for top five and top 10. So thanks for that. 'cause there's so many good ones. Yeah. but it herz is right there man. but it was like, here's the reality with Jalen. 'cause everyone, my wife from Philly, so she gets mad at it. This is third offensive coordinating in three years. Like most times guys take some time to acclimate to that. So I just kinda wanna see exactly what he is in Kellen's offense. Well, So about that, 'cause I, we always say that as a cliche, but how difficult is it actually to go from a different offensive coordinator year to year? Like is it okay, this is a tough training camp OTAs whatever, but we're ready to go week one.


Or is it like, hey, this is two guys speaking a different language that basically have to learn, you know, get fluent on the fly when the regular season starts. Yeah, totally. It's, it's not necessarily like completely different languages system to system to system at times. It is, but you know, I think with the, the style that they ran in 22 that Jalen ran with Shane Steichen was so unique to them, you know, and, and the way that they were relatively simple with their formations, but they were like very dynamic in the way that they operated the quarterback run stuff and some of his reads and their pass games and their RPOs.


So like that was very unique to them. That wasn't necessarily like the Lele Shanahan tree that there's probably a ton of similarities in. And then last year it goes to Brian Johnson who maybe carried over some terminology, but it wasn't nearly as effective and effective and also like there were terrible versus blitz and whatnot. So like how different was their terminology, their protections and like the flow of a game. How does he wanna start games? How does he handle third downs when we, when we're oh for four to start the game? How does he handle the philosophy of we just got a turnover, a takeaway, or we just got a huge play. And so he's gone through like one guy in 22 and another guy in 23 and another guy in 24 now with Kellen.


And it's just, how is Kellen gonna call his stuff? 'cause Kellen's stuff comes from Scott Linnehan really terminology wise. And he had a little bit of like Joe Lombardi and Jim Bob Cooters. So like, there's a ton of different verbiage that Jaylen's had to handle now. And like, to your point, like now it's like just getting a feel for the type of play calls that are coming into your mo headset situationally. It's, it's a completely different world in that regard. Yeah. So which among these offensive coordinators, which ones have the, the craziest play calls, like the longest to remember? Longest to say out loud. Yeah. And which ones have simplified it down to a point where it's just like a couple words? Yeah. The, the longer ones are the guys that come from the traditional West Coast philosophies.


So anybody that usually has an attachment to a Kyle, a Mike Shanahan, Gary ak, Sean McVey, those are the wordy ones. I mean, in many ways that's why Sean remember years ago when, you know, the whole, it became the thing where Sean was keeping the, you know, the headset as long as he can calling the plays into Jared Goff. And they were at the line of scrimmage. Like in many ways it was because the play calls are so long and they were trying to get information from the defensive Jared, he would just, instead of calling 18 to 20 word plays, Sean took it and shrunk it down to maybe a one or two word code. They would get to the line of scrimmage. Jared could say, you know, double to the offense and then, you know, one word to the receivers and another word to the, the other receivers and another word to the offensive line.


And he didn't have to memorize it, you know, Sean was telling him it, he's also kind of telling him what the defenses were. So I think Sean shrunk that down a little bit in those situations. But anybody that's attached to those old school offensive systems, those are the wordy ones. The people that have expedited it are usually the ones that wanna play with tempo. So like Shane Steichen has done that. Mc, like I just said, McVay's done that a little bit. I think most coaches have the ability to do it. It doesn't mean that they do it all the time, but it anybody that's, you know, attached to that stuff, man. It's just words on words on words. So a team that kept their offensive coordinator, the Detroit Lions who are got a lot of buzz.


Your Detroit Lions. I had a question about them though. 'cause they, they were incredible year, last year. Really tough football team. Dan Campbell mold. Are you nervous at all about the lions losing? I always like to go into the season and think like, who did they lose? And is that person like an under the radar impactful guy? And Josh Reynolds was that guy for me where it's like he yep. He, he went to the Broncos, they now need Jameson Williams to finally take that big step to be that second Receiver. Are you worried at all about their offense losing a guy like Josh Reynolds who maybe not be like, get all the headlines, but he's one of, of those guys that will get those big plays and be a dependable Receiver when you need a big play in the fourth quarter?


Yeah, it's also different roles and different styles. Like Josh is a big body guy that was a little bit more of like, you know, a big part of these play action pass centric offenses, which Ben Johnson, their play call runs is like, they wanna work the middle of the field. And more often than not, you wanna have either a big bodied person work in the middle field or a person who's like, got great toughness. Like I'm raw, you know, and, and understanding the field. Jamison is a, he is not this big framed dude. He's a little bit more of a burner. So just replacing like the comfort level of, you know, seeing as the quarterback and you're like throwing the ball with the middle field, having a bigger framed person, it just feels more confident throw throwing the ball into that traffic window.


So I, I think there's a, a lot of confidence in Jameson for me. You know, Jameson's gotta become a certainly like a little bit more of a complete guy and not just that vertical person, but I always go back to this like, are is their offensive line really awesome? Yes. And if, if the offensive line continues to be great, it always elevates everybody else. You know, Harbaugh said it this off season, that's the only position that's not dependent on someone else. And that's true. You know, and so I think that when Detroit's offensive line plays to the level that we're kind of accustomed to now, like they dominate and so Jared plays better and I'm on RA better and the port is better.


And so I don't think there's a regression in Detroit. The only thing that I have a question on in Detroit is the fourth down in going for it. Last year was such a hot thing, And, it felt like every time they went for it, it worked, obviously, but the, the NC title game. But like, are they going to be that aggressive again? Because like last year, I don't wanna minimize coach camp like Dan, but like when you're, you're the hunter, it's a little bit, I feel like more freeing to go forward in those situations. Now they're, the hunt did so is you don't want him to tighten up. So are they gonna be as aggressive? And then also like, will there success rate on fourth down be as remarkable as it was last year?


I think that's more for me than replacing Reynolds type of thing. I think it will be, I I don't think that that Dan's gonna change the way that he calls things there. Yeah. I think he's gonna be just as aggressive and he's calling plays on third down knowing that he's gonna go four and fourth down too and second down, that might even have an impact on what he calls on second down. So there are some people at home that are hearing like Josh Reynolds dependable guy you can go to in the fourth quarter for a big game and he'll get you that catch and they're like, I, I don't know if that's necessarily a hundred percent true all the time. Sure. But you've had, you've had a, you've had a, an interesting take on what's going on in Pittsburgh recently. So it was supposed to be a quarterback competition, right. Justin Fields and Russy, Jesse and Russy.


Jesse and Russy And it, Jesse And Russy. I feel like, I feel like you're firmly in the camp of, I don't know if you're saying this was not a true quarterback competition or if you're saying that Justin Fields should have won the quarterback competition, but it sounds like you're saying that it, it shouldn't just be taken for granted that Rus should be the starter base on how he played. Yeah, so I think one Russ didn't play as bad last year as pe Like people made it sound like Russ was absolutely horrific. Last year I kind of thought he played top 12 football or something like that. It was nothing glamorous. He was fine. And just watching this preseason and really only the game that Russ played it, it was a tough watch and I don't get to watch practices or whatnot And, it was a tough watch.


So, you know, I go back to when they made the move for both guys. It was like, hey, Russ is in the poll position, but if it's a true competition, then on August 7th, I think Coach Tomlin and the press conference said like, no, this is a true competition and the games are gonna matter more than practices And So, if you just watch the games and you take away the, the, the Snapped fumbles for Justin or fumbled snaps, those are gonna happen. I don't know if any quarterback was a complete failure in the NFL 'cause he couldn't get a snap. So it's like people, you know, like, oh my gosh, we can't get snaps. And then the Sacks, the two that happened a week, the preseason third game wasn't, weren't on him. And so Russ is gonna take sex too. So it's like, if you're Pittsburgh and I think Tomlin's amazing, I'm wearing a shirt like, come on.


Oh, Standard, standard. Love that. Yeah. Standard. This is standard. So like, are you with Russ playing fine at 35 or 36 really going to contend against Cincinnati and Baltimore in the division. Really? No. Like, so my thing was if it really was a little bit of a competition and I, I think that Coach Tomlin said it was, it's are they somewhat similar past game players? Sure. So it's like, why not just say, you know what, the only real chance we have is if we strike Lightning at a bottle with Justin and all of a sudden he puts it a little bit more together in the past game, we give him a little bit more confidence.


We're a much better team than he's had in Chicago. And you, you kind of did what Philadelphia did in 22 with Jalen and Quarterback Run. That's what, you know, kind of what I envisioned I would do. but it just seems like they're gonna go with a little bit more of what they think is gonna be consistency from Russ. I just don't think they're gonna get it. Yeah, I mean Justin Fields in his defense, I saw it after Cut day. I think Ryan Polls has maybe five guys or six guys left from the Ryan Pace era. So that tells you what he was playing with like, and that was only a couple years ago. So it's like he was, he was not dealt the best hand when he was here. This might hurt me your answer here, but I would like to know what is the team that is getting a ton of hype that you're not fully bought in on and then the reverse a team that is no one's really talking about that you're like, this team Is, is gonna be a lot better than people realize.


Yeah, I'm not gonna say the Bears. I think, I do think the Bears are gonna be a really, really good football team. You know, like people are saying, I will say this, like, can they win the division? It's like, holy smokes guys. Like let's just let the, let, let's let them get off to a decent start in playing really important games and have a shot in December rather than are they going to win the division. So I do think that talk has gotten a little stretchy. I've been known to strut some conversations myself. So a team that's probably getting talked about too much, that may not be as good as people are saying it's gonna be like, I I will say this, you know, San Francisco's amazing, right?


I love Kyle and we actually had McCaffrey on for the Madden reveal thing and I asked him, I don't think he was happy with the question, but I was like, all right dude, like two years ago NFC championship game Heartbreak last year, super Bowl heartbreak. Like what's, what do you gotta do to finally get it done? And he was like, score more points than the other team. And so I just think it's, it's a real thing with like, can they get back and be the NFC champ or in the NFC championship game and try to replicate what's happened over the last two years. As much as I love San Francisco and give, I, I just don't know if I'm banking on that happening again.


Like they're offensive line without Trent goes to bottom five in the league. Right. You know, and so like that, that team I, I'm a little bit hesitant on right now just to kind of see what happens with them and the team that people probably aren't talking about enough. I'm super high in Atlanta, dude. Oh, like I really am man. I think they're gonna be so good. Like, I'm not trying to be a jerk here, but like the starting quarterback last year got cut. Yeah. You know, from the Cardinals, like Desmond got cut, so, and this was the team that was in it last year essentially. So I think the offensive line is gonna be great. Kirk is Kirk Drake, London I think is a superstar in the making. I think that defense is gonna be so good under Raheem.


So I, I think like that's a team, that team not no question can win their division. And certainly just if Zach Robinson is their play call or comes in the Rams is like any good, I think they're gonna be really, really, really good. I I like that. I haven't, I have not talked about the Falcons and Joe, I, I put a bet on them to win that division. I think, I think I agree with you, but to be clear, when you say Kirk is Kirk, what's Kirk? Is Kirk do you mean that, is that a good thing? Because now I'm hearing it as a good thing. Yeah. Oh yeah. I, I think Kirk is like, so Kirk's gonna probably throw for like 4,000 yards, 30 touchdowns, 12 picks, you know, he is gonna have a bunch of big time performances again, they're weapons are really good. So like I'm saying Kirk is, Kirk is in a way where like you can kind of bank on the quarterback play that you're gonna get from him.


And if they get good quarterback play with their young talent, I just think they're gonna be a really, really good solid football Team. Yeah, the, that's a good one. The Falcons and I, I, I tend to agree with you on the, the 49 ERs. It's not that they're not great 'cause they are. Yeah, it's, it's like a vibes thing. Like with with the totally with how close they Ben and then all the guys with the contract things like, will the vibes be a little bit off?


We'll get back to Dan in a second. He is brought to you by cars.com. The cars.com parking spot is so helpful for not having to battle for a spot. And the cars.com your garage feature is probably even better than that. I love how I can track my car value. I can see how much it's gonna be worth in two months. If, you're thinking about selling, you wanna know your car's value and it's beyond helpful in making that decision. You wanna know the value, not just for today. You wanna know what it's gonna look like in two months, three months, six months so you can pick the right time to sell. Get the most bang for your buck since KB Kyle Bauer has the cars.com parking spot at Barstool Sports this week he's gonna have plenty of extra time to create an account with cars.com. Track the car's value. KB got the most prized parking spot at Barsol. But we can all grab some very valuable insights into our cars value with the cars.com. Your garage feature, the Barstool employee parking garage is frustrating. But cars dot com's new feature your garage is anything but track your car's value so you can know exactly what to expect When you're ready to sell it. Track your car's value on cars.com. You can track your car's value using that your garage feature on cars.com.


Daniel Loki's also brought to you by PardonMyTake. My cheese stake football is finally back this week. Football is back. It feels so good to say that the NFL is kicking off on Thursday. I can't wait for it. Ordering part of my cheese steak for your game day meal. Our late night eats is the best play call that you can make. Part of my cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks and loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep. Take your pick of our delicious cheese steaks that are made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce and caramelized onions on a toasted hokey roll they have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken cheese steaks, Chipotle chicken cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks and chicken bacon, ranch cheese steaks.


The Chicken Bacon Ranch is phenomenal. It is delicious. We had the make it for us before it hit the market. It's the real deal. It's a great cheese steak. You can order the popular Big Cat combo. Get your cheese steak of choice fries and a drink for dessert. Try the new donut dippers delicious donut holes tossed in cinnamon sugar and served with a rich caramel sauce. Find a part of my cheese steak near you. Order yours now at PardonMyTake my cheese steak.com. Use code PC 20, get 20% off your order, PC 20 get 20% off your order at PardonMyTake my cheese steak.com. Now here's more Dan Orlowski, Who, who, who else in the NFC if it's not Fal, you know Falcons 49 ERs just named them.


But who else are you high on in the NFC? Yeah, I think Philadelphia's gonna be really good. I know the conversation with Jalen and Nick Siri and you hear reports of like they don't like each other. Then you hear reports that they're totally fine. It's like, I don't know, it's probably somewhere in the middle. But I do think that they're loaded on offense specifically. I think their young talent on defense has gotta step up. You know, Jordan Davis and Jalen Carter specifically. But I think they will so expect them to be really good. I expect the Rams to be really good. I think the Rams should have the best offensive line in football. May maybe, you know, like the interior of their offensive line is freakishly big and dominant. So I expect, and I think it's gonna be like almost, I don't want to say the Denver Broncos backend of Peyton man, but I think they're gonna run the heck out of the ball and just like, hey staff make, make like five or six throws a game instead of 45 throws a game.


So I expect them to be really good. I think Tampa Bay is gonna be a good football team. I favor Atlanta in the division, but I do think Tampa Bay is gonna be really good. I think Seattle has got like, this is a little bit to the point of, you know, I was having this conversation with someone the other day and they're like, what do you expect? I'm like, I can tell you the teams that I don't think are gonna be good more so than the thing teams like I think aren't gonna be good or are gonna be like in the NFC who's gonna be bad? Like who do we think are is gonna struggle? I still think Carolina's gonna struggle a little bit. I think the giants are gonna struggle still. That's about it. You know, I think everyone else is gonna be like a good solid football team.


Arizona's a little bit of an unknown but like I think they'll be good too. It is crazy how the NFC has like the, the talk has been the A FC 'cause it's got Mahomes Burro Allen Lamar. Yeah. The NF C's got it seems like some really solid football teams this year. That's gonna be a really tough way to get out of there. What about the bills? Yeah, I Just, I think the bills are gonna be really good too. Go ahead. I'm sorry. I I was just gonna say like dovetailing off the, the 49 ERs take the bills might be in that camp too where we like the bills. They've been a fun team. They've been right there for the last several seasons and now they had some contract issues. They've got new guys in. Yeah, And it, the, the vibes might be off like the McDermott.


We have a theory that that coaches sometimes they, they just carry the weight from these bad vibes around with 'em. They just becomes a part of them. And McDermott's been through some pretty, pretty tough ones. And, it feels like If you have to try to reinvent yourself every single year and get over those bad vibes. Eventually they're gonna catch up to you and you're just gonna be kinda like, you know, maybe, maybe this window's over, but I hope that's not the case in Buffalo. Sure. What do you think about 'em? Yeah, like sometimes the, the message just falls on deaf ears at some point and it's blah blah blah. So, so I still think Buffalo is gonna be a really good football team. Obviously the Milano injury's massive, I think they're trying to replicate what happened in Kansas City post Tariq with, you know, put a bunch of good people around.


The quarterback defenses are playing us a certain way. Josh is gonna have to play, you know, a little bit of a catch and throw type of offense and he's gonna have to have the discipline to do that. But the talent to carry when it's necessary. I had someone say this to me this off season about Buffalo and they said they knew for like a year or two that this year was going to be the maybe retool rebuild year, just contractually. And they were setting themselves up to like be aware of that and then next year, so the 25 year was gonna be the year that they felt they could really go all in again financially and whatnot. And so I think organ, if, if that's true, like organizationally they're aware and ready for maybe not being, you know, the team that, you know, wins 13 games or something or wins the division and probably still has a chance to get into the Plus.


I think, you know, as long it's, it's a little bit unknown 'cause you gotta see how some of the draft picks like Cole Bishop pans out or whatnot like Keon Coleman, I still think they're gonna be a playoff football team. I still think they're the team to beat in the AFC East. But I I, if what that person kind of said is true, like they're ready for maybe not the highs in getting, you know, gearing into 25. That was always the shame with what has happened. And we're obviously very biased for Josh Allen with the Bills and the Chiefs is that the chiefs were able to restart their quote unquote rebuild, you're never rebuilding when you have Patrick Ma Holmes a couple years before the bills and the bills were all in and they had this older roster and they weren't able to beat the Chiefs.


So it's like the Chiefs not only beat them to the rebuild, but they're already in a different place. We were talking about it yesterday. I mean the chiefs have a chance to, to make history and, and be the first team to ever win three Super Bowls in a row. What, what do you think? Like it's never happened. So is there, like do you think like, hey this team is just that good and Patrick Holmes is that good and they've rebuilt so well on the fly and even getting rid of really good players like Snead. I mean is there, is it crazy to say like the chiefs are going to maybe do this, which is nuts? Oh, not crazy at all. They're better this year than they were last year and that's with all due respect to luxurious, luxurious is great. But I, you know, to your point in comparison to like the Buffalo thing is it feels like every chief's draft pick is hit, right?


I don't care if it's like the first round or the sixth rounders. So like they've been rebuilding this secondary with some like fourth, fifth, sixth round picks that they've just hit on that they've developed and you know, I don't really expect the defense to take that much of a hit or that much of a drop off and their offense is gonna be significantly better specifically just like speed and catching the football. So I I do, they're the favorite. I If you told me demo the field I'm taking them. I think the two things that are in the conversation, if, if it doesn't happen, obviously they gotta figure out left tackle that's gonna be a part of it. But like one, there's more teams and more ridiculously good quarterbacks now than there were two years ago and last year.


Like and you just have to hope that you catch Patrick on a B or C day and you're one of the teams that as the quarterback that If, you catch him on like a B day and you get your guys' a game, you could beat 'em now there's just not a lot but there's more than there has been. Like if the Jets catch him on a B day and Rogers is he is on, you can, they can catch him. The same with Buffalo, the same with Cincy, the same with Baltimore, the same with Houston. And that's probably in, in the A FCI would think. You know, and so like you, you those, one of those five teams, you gotta a hope that you catch if on an a FC championship game day like two years ago or three years ago, excuse me, when Cincinnati went like they just, Patrick did not play good and the second half he was terrible.


You know, they caught him on a B or C day and Joe had a good, good enough game and they go instead of Kansas City. Yeah. Yeah. I think the Browns almost caught him in the playoffs a few years ago, right? The Browns had a really good game. Totally. The Chad Heney game. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. The Chad Heni Game that, that was with Baker, right? Yeah. Chad Heney had to go in for Patrick and led that long drive and I think he converts fourth and one to Tariq and the rest is history. That is the thing too. I I don't know if it's, it's it's very reminiscent of the Patriots where it's like, I don't think it's luck because they're just coached so well, but they do always have those big plays. The fumble last year with the Ravens where it's like that's, that's the play of the game.


That's where, where they, they knock it out on the goal line. Like the Chiefs always find a way to make those big plays. Yeah. It's like Tiger Woods back in the day like, like, oh, you know, we're going into Sunday's round against Tiger at a major championship and he's, he's one stroke back, you're gonna lose. You know, it's like, it's just that feeling of you are gonna be, you're gonna, you're gonna hit a ball out of bounds on 15 or 16 and he's gonna make par. And it's, it's the, it's almost like you gotta, teams are gonna have to at some point get over that mental block of oh it's Patrick in the playoffs like last year, remember it was, well they gotta go on the road and they obviously went and accomplished that and so yeah, it's just really a, a mental thing for those teams and Cincinnati is like the only one that really feels like they've done it and their quarterback has done it.


Yeah, Yeah. So let's talk rookie quarterbacks. We are heavily invested in this rookie quarterback class on this show. Yeah, you are. Which can you just give us a rundown? Like what, what can we expect? What is the ceiling and what is the floor on the big, the first round rookie quarterbacks? Yeah, I won't touch JJ obviously 'cause he is not playing the season for Minnesota. But I mean Caleb is remarkably talented. It, it, Caleb is as talented physically as a quarterback that's come into the league both in like the ability to throw the ball and athleticism as, as many of 'em like the names that when you just say physical talent are, you know, Andrew Luck and Lamar Jackson. I'm not saying the dude in Kansas City 'cause I've kind of made a promise that I'm not going to do that type stuff.


But like he's got that type of physical gift that that combo of like, oh you were born to throw and you throw it differently than a lot of other human beings on the planet, but you move differently than a lot of other people as well. And so, you know, I think that like if, if they can stay healthy and those, especially Keenan Keenan's gotta stay healthy 'cause I think he's a really big deal when it comes to a, you know, super physically talented quarterback like If, you have a guy that is can get open quickly and be a possession person. It helps you play a little bit more boring. It helps you get the body of your hands quickly because he's capable of doing stuff with it. That and consistency, Rome's gotta obviously play like a top 10 pick.


So I think physical talent is remarkable. The thing with Caleb that you know is like one and every young talented dude goes through this, like you, he's gonna have to learn what he, what he can and can't do and when he shouldn't and shouldn't, you know, like at USC he had to hit over, run every play 'cause his defense was god awful. There might be games when you just don't have it and your defense is balling and like you, you, you might have to take a couple more check downs or sacks will matter. And so like, is he able to figure out that balance of like when to go chase the splashy play and when to be like, no, no, no. Like this is the NFL and I'm on the road. There's Jordan Love and, and you know, it's got awful weather and, and really the mo most important thing is me not hurting our football team rather than, you know, chasing points.


But I still think he's got a chance to have a really good season. Jayden, I'm a huge fan of, I think Jayden, you know, the number one quality throwing the ball in the NFL is where you could throw it. And can you throw it away from other defenders? I think Jayden does it better than anybody in the class. And I think his experience at LSU and really learning, like he had to handle a lot of motion, a lot of formation, a lot of protection that bodes well for him in the NFL. You know, I wanna see what Cliff does with their offense. Cliff's offense is a little bit more standstill centric, Hey dude, just go get open or get to space. That's contrary to what Jayden did at LSU, but I still think he throws it remarkably clean and like has a complete control and understanding of windows opening and closing.


And that's again, big part of what they did at LSU. He's gotta learn to stay healthy in this league and when he, you know, takes some shots and when he is not supposed to, but I just think he's so good in the pocket as well, you know, and his, his pace and feeling the pocket of Washington's offensive line is, is solid. I think they're gonna be pretty darn good on offense. Drake may development so far has been awesome. You know, for me, I've always said the Jordan Love model, I wouldn't play him this year. I think New England's offensive line, I think rookies need three things plus scheme and play collar. Alex Van Pelt is there, don't know a ton about him. I know his scheme is a little bit LeFlore And, it, stefans, I think it's his first time in a long time call play. So like that's to be seen.


They need plus offensive line plus skill. They don't have plus offensive line or plus plus skill player. So I wanna play him, but not in meaningful games. Maybe at the end of like November or December. But I do think he's shown the development with his mechanics that like, you're super excited about Pennix. I don't expect to play. But the brief time we saw him, like he looked right, he looked, he looked like he belonged. And then Bo Nicks really like, I remember when Brock started playing in San Francisco and you were like, huh? Like you saw that the right way or man, that ball came out quickly or yep, that's where the ball's supposed to go versus that defense. And like Brock or Bo had a little bit of that in preseason Now, it was vanilla stuff and whatnot.


And you know, they're not nearly as talented on the perimeter, but I am intrigued a little bit more than I thought I would be by Bo in, in Denver as well. So I think all of them got a chance to get off the decent starts. Yeah. Is It a possibility, however remote that Kirk Cousins comes back and he's, he tries to play and he's clearly not fully recovered. 'cause that's a serious injury for somebody that's his age, right? And maybe he struggles right off the bat and maybe they put Pennix in and if Pennix doesn't struggle, then you've got Kirk cousins on a, a brand new contract two years guaranteed at least. And they just have to go with Pennix because he looks good. So I think the, the chances of him coming back and maybe the injury impacting, like, I would say a a lot of different styled quarterbacks, maybe like Kirk's a statue, you know, he, Kirk's gonna put his back foot in the ground, he's gonna see the defense, he's gonna cut it loose.


Like, so I don't think the movement element is like that big a deal for him, you know? So I'm, I have no idea how long it takes or what it feels like. I've never done that. Thank God. So like I I I would expect him to be kind of the version of himself, you know? And, and now if he struggles and whatnot, then it obviously be, could become noisy. 'cause the expectations I think are relatively high and, and Michael's older and played a ton of snaps. But I just don't expect Kirk to struggle. I don't know the last time Kirk didn't play well and I don't think the Achilles is gonna be the reason why that he didn't play well, really over a consistent period of time, it hypothetically, something happens, Kirk isn't playing well, Michael's gotta play and plays really good.


Yeah, you're playing the young kid, there's no question about it. And then you're just figuring out the cousin situation after that. I gotta, so this is an interesting season because I think we have a lot of really good coaches that are not on the hot seat, so to speak, but they're in the, they're in the category of they gotta win a playoff game. Like Mike McDaniel, Mike Tomlin, Mike McCarthy, I guess it's all the mikes. All the mikes. All the mikes, yeah. Do you think that there is something to that, like if the Dolphins don't win a playoff game, they have a great offense all year, and then they just do the same thing where they have a no show in a cold weather environment. What, what starts to become the vibe with something like that where it's like, you know, you have a good coach, but you gotta win a playoff game at some point.


Yeah, I don't think there's any chance that Mike McDaniel would get like, is in jeopardy at all. Right. I I get your point. Yeah, I just think like with the way the team is built right now, the makeup of the team, personnel wise, what they've done with Tua, what he's done with Tua, I I think also like sometimes like last year they were the one seed and then they just got the Baltimore Raven Syndrome of injuries. You know, remember that two or three year stretch where the Ravens were awesome. Yeah. And it all, it felt like, oh my gosh, their whole team got hurt. Like, that's what happened with Miami. I think Miami's situation is tough this year just because like, they gotta wait until about halfway through the season until everyone kind of gets healthy. Jalen Phillips and, you know, Chubb and some of their offensive line pieces and they're back like they're, I don't know, you guys have checked it out.


Their last eight or 10 games are absolutely brutal. Like, if they're not firing on all cylinders, their Final eight could be a nugget. Like their, their schedule's that hard. Like they go to Buffalo two, New York, I think they're up in like, maybe b like their last eight games are brutal. So I just don't think Mike's at risk because of everything that's happened for that organization. McCarthy, we all know like they're gonna have to, they're gonna have to play well and win a meaningful playoff game versus like a good team for it to matter. You know, like I go back to the two years ago Win versus the Bucks. Like the bucks were terrible that year. Anybody was gonna beat them. Mike McDaniel, Mike McCarthy and who was the other?


Mike? Mike Tomlin. I mean, Mike Tomlin hasn't won a playoff game since 2016. He just signed new contract again, this is not hot seat. Yeah. Like I don't think there's no world that Mike McDaniel gets fired, but it's more like preemptive, Hey, this is, you guys gotta do something here. The Cowboys gotta do something. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. No, it's, it's fair. That's, you know, the Tomlin one is, is probably a fair one. You constantly hear that over the past couple years too. And that's a little bit why like, let's live in the world where the Steelers of Russ, Russ plays fine. They win, they go nine and eight, 10 and seven, they don't get in or they get in and lose. Like what do they do next March then? Right, Right.


You're gonna be picking 20, are you gonna pay Russ 40, 50, $60 million? So what do they do at Quarterback again? So I think that's a little bit attached to the whole Tomlin situation, but I, I just don't see, I get your point with the whole, like it gets really loud conversation right, right out there. But maybe not specifically hot seat stuff. I'm trying to think if there's anybody else that you can kind of put in that category. I mean, I think Doug Peterson in Jacksonville's fine. Yeah, Sirianni would definitely be in that C category. Oh, Sirian I think, I think Siri's like, like mid, mid-October. Right. I think Sean McDermott, who I like, is in that category where, you know, I know there's a transition year, but if it's a transition year and they're resetting, that might be the, the part of the reset.


Like, there's Robert Robert Salon maybe. Yeah. There's the, yeah. Like there's these guys Yeah, totally. I think are good coaches and a lot of teams who want, but it's very interesting because it's actually, when you look at it, it's a Patrick Mahomes problem. Patrick Mahomes ruins everyone else because he sucks up all the wins and the Super Bowls that then you have all these really good coaches. It's like, well you can't win the big one. Well, no, it's 'cause Patrick MAs, Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. It's the, it's the Belichick Brady thing. Like, I remember when I first got started in tv, like, I don't know, one of the things that I was super passionate about was trying to get people to understand like there were other great coaches outside of Bill Belichick. Even though he, he wins like every game he coaches in and they only are the only team that Super Bowl.


The same with quarterback. Like, yo, there's other great quarterbacks outside of Tom And. it, we're kind of in that world with Kansas City and Patrick. It's like, if you're not Andy Reed, let's fire our coach. Right? And it's like, no, your coach is great and if you're not Patrick Mahomes like, you suck. Josh Allen sucks and Joe Gross sucks and Lamars. So we are in that world a little bit where like If you just fall short to, you know, those Hall of Famers. In a way it's, but I do think it's not, I don't wanna say it's fair, it's just the reality of life in the NFL, you know, And, it, it's, it's like If, you are good and the expectations constantly rise and you're not meeting those rising expectations. Like you're, you're you're going to be moved on from, because the patience, this isn't a thing in that League's not, yeah.


We need to start an updated list of guys that got fired indirectly because of Patrick. Because Patrick, he's Yeah, he's killing jobs. Yeah. He, because it is, it's true. Like he's going to get, like if Sean Mc I Jokingly say it all the time, like, I always be like, yo, this is Patrick's fault. Like this is Mahomes fault. Like it, we, we, we can blame Patrick for this. Like why is this quarterback gonna get drafted in the top five? Because it's Patrick. Like, everybody wants Patrick. He's, he's, he's the, what we say on our show is when you get to, when you have a Hall of Fame guy And it, it's goes back to Brady where their last level of being like one of the greatest is they become a thief of joy. So like, you, you can go to like around the league and like, oh yeah, Tom Brady was a thief of joy.


You asked a 49 ERs fan. Patrick Mahomes is a thief of joy. Hate, like, he's taken joy away from you. It's sad. I'll never say this to him. I'll never say this to him. 'cause I'm a huge fan of his, why have I have a son who can't stand him? Oh, hates what, what does he root for? He hates Hatch. He's an Eagles Fan. Okay. So that makes sense. He's deep of joy. He stole the, the Eagle's joy. Yeah. Hates him. Hates him. He's like, oh, Patrick, him Holmes. You know, he gets, he gets all the breaks. I'm like, no, he is just the best player on the planet, dude. But, and I would never say it to Patrick, probably words, you're gonna get back to him type of thing. But yeah, I got one. He's like, oh my home sucks. I'm be like, oh my gosh, dude. You know what, you know what's really sad though is at least for me, I think Big Cat might feel the same way.


I would love to be good enough to have Patrick Mahome steal my, myself, steal my joy. Yeah. That's, that I aspire to, to getting my dreams crushed by Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. So I I I got a fun thought experiment for you Dan. Yeah. So we're talking about the Chiefs and how great Patrick Mahomes is. Andy Reed, obviously great Offensive coach. They've got some interesting weapons there. If it was the Super Bowl and you were on the Chiefs right now, Danowski signed by the Chiefs to be the backup quarterback and the chiefs were up, let's say 50 to 20 at halftime. Patrick Mahome has uncontrollable diarrhea. He can't come out and play the second half. And they're like, Dan, you gotta step in there. You gotta be quarterback right now.


Do you think that you could hold off a 30 point lead in the Super Bowl? Oh, absolutely. We're gonna Disney World. That's easy For sure. You think so? Absolutely. Now your defense gave up 20 points in the first half. Yeah, No, we're fine dude. Like I, I, I could, I could waste time in and out of the huddle. I could get the bottom of my hands quickly to Travis. Probably make one or two throws down the field and I would live in the Ryan Fitzpatrick world. That's what I would live in. Like, Hey dude, this ball's getting chucked and like it might get picked off here or there, but I'm also gonna make some big time throws. What? And make all your interceptions deep balls so that way it's like a punt. Yeah. They Don't even count. What would be the points we would have to have For like, as a chiefs person?


Like how many, what do we gotta score? No, no, no. What would we if we were quarterback Oh, To not blow it. 50. Yeah. Either of you guys were quarterback. 'cause I saw some of the, some of the competitions over the summer. Boys like Well, we're swimmers. We're swimmers. You can't take that away From us. Yeah, I saw that. I saw the talk. You guys would have to have probably a 45 point lead Okay. For us to feel good about it. I think that's a little bit disrespectful. Yeah. 'cause we could just hand it off. I could, I mean, I'm thinking the other team is gonna get Yeah. Six possessions naturally. Maybe five. And you're gonna give 'em another three or four. Just go 11 in the box. Yeah. They, they just stack up.


Can we go under center at all with you two or does it have to be in the guy? Yeah, I'll go under, yeah, We might trip and fumble, but I'm, we can go under center. I'm, I'm short enough. I wouldn't have to even bend down. How tall are you? I'm five eight. Yo PFP five nine is a QB sneak would kind of be a weapon. Yeah, I would be, I tush, I'd just do the tush push. Yeah. Yeah. Just get me, I'll get in that guy's ass. It's good. It's good. It's A football term. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a football team. Listen, I would go, I would go like six points of contact on the ball. I would run like Mike Alad. I would be the only quarterback to ever have a cowboy collar. And I'd have the neck roll and then I just And a Q collar. Yeah. I'd just be like, gimme the ball. I'm gonna get you, you need, you need one yard. I'll get you a yard. You need three yards.


I'll get you a yard. Yeah. Yeah. You would probably look like field Yates did at the fantasy thing this past weekend. Yeah. That was Just get, that was tough. He dislocated his shoulder trying to tackle an inflatable dummy. Yeah. On sand too. On sand. Sand, yeah. Sand Gibbs. Right. Really bad. It's, I guess on one hand you could be impressed that he was moving fast enough to land, hard enough to dislocate it, you know? But that's a tough look. Alright, so I got a couple last questions for you, Dan. This has been awesome. Give us your conference finals and your Super Bowl. Oof. Okay. A FC championship game. I am gonna go the Kansas City Chiefs and I'm gonna say the New York Jets.


Ooh, okay. All right. So you're not a Flo yet, are you not high on the Bengals at all this year? I think this the bounce. I Know I totally am. Okay. No, I I totally am. I I just think you know, it, it feels like everything always goes against the Jets and Yes, last year was such a disaster. I'm banking on a little bit of like good karma coming their way type of thing. But I, I think this Cincinnati team is gonna be fan. I've gotta see what happens with Jamar, right? Yeah. Like, oh, you know what, what happens with Jamar and then the NFC I'll go Detroit and I'll go Detroit and the Los Angeles Rams. I like that. I, I painted repeat. Yeah. Okay. And then Super Bowl, I I'll say Kansas City and Detroit.


That would be great. I that would be, I mean Detroit and what, what happens in Patrick Holmes Steel? Should we just not ask you what happens? Yeah. Would it it be better If? you didn't say what happened in that Super Bowl. No. Like, 'cause anytime, like the great thing about being in TV is the only time that people care is when you're Right. So like If you say it's like taking 35 jump shots. Yeah. You know, like eventually a bunch of them will go in. What happens in the Super Bowl, Kansas City wins. Ugh. Brutal. Which is somehow some incredible, somehow some way. Yeah. Somehow some way. Patrick, you know, has the ball last type of thing, like usual and finds a way to make some stupid throw and Yeah. Kelsey makes you play. You, you mentioned the Rams being the NC championship game and their run game.


I painted a picture yesterday. I'm, I'm a big visualization guy when it comes to my betting and I said Matt Stafford, MVP is not a bad price because he is never, don't hate it. He's he's never been in the MVP fully in the MVP discussion. Yeah, it might be one of those, it's all about narratives and if the Rams are really good, the one or two seed, he could be the MVP. Do you think he'll throw enough though? Yeah, I, Do I mean, and I think like the, their, their play action game this year, I expect to be so good. You know, because of the offensive line, those two backs that they have, and then like, just how they're gonna build their pass game. You know, I think offensively the chunks are gonna be such a big deal.


So again, I don't think the majority of their offense is gonna be staffer throwing it for, I don't know, 800 attempts type of thing. But I do think he's gonna put up really big numbers and like yardage, touchdown wise will be extremely high. So I don't hate the the Stafford Stafford MVP conversation at all. I don't know if like, being LA minimizes that because it's not like a, I guess like a massive NFL market. But I, I, I still think they'll throw up plenty with Sean and him. Okay. Yeah, I mean the, the NFL office is like the, the media office is in Los Angeles. So Don't they share, do they share a building or they share some of the facilities with the rims?


I think the RIMS facilities are around a thousand oak stone and like trailers. Yeah. I thought that they were moving though. 'cause we were, we were there a couple. They, they've been moving for like five years. Yeah. I don't know if they have yet though. All right. So the other LA team, I just want to hear you say what you think Harbaugh is gonna do. 'cause we're very high on Harbaugh. We love Harbaugh. We, he told us what don't bet against us, which inspired me to in fact not bet against them. Yeah. So I feel like, I don't know, the Chargers there had a rough season last year. Things were way up in the air for him. But I feel like Harbaugh's gonna fix a lot of stuff. Even year one. I Do, I agree with that. It's just at some point this league talent does matter and I don't, just don't know how talented they are in the perimeter offensively.


Like, Justin's gonna be playing hurt. So how much can he manage the pain with the whole plantar fasciitis thing? And I think the offensive line's gonna be a good unit and they'll try to control the ball and get into good situations. But like, if lad McConkey is the guy and it's really like the only guy on the perimeter that is, is, is concerning because at the end of the day, like I said, like in their division, the Raiders is gonna, are gonna have a really good defense. The Chiefs have a really good defense. The Broncos I think are gonna be solid on defense, especially with Ctan. So I do think the Chargers are like a much more competent football team this year, at the end of the day. But you, you gotta have guys on the outside to really, really, really matter.


And unless Quentin Johnston, their second year kid from TCU, like takes that jump and consistently catches the football, they're just not going to be. And so I, I do think they'll be improved. I I don't think they'll be good enough talent wise on the outside to, to really, really matter. Yeah. Okay. Last question.


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q zips, polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts, swimsuits everything. Rollback dot com. This has been so much fun, Dan. I mean, elephant in the room, we have to talk about it. Promo code. Take Rollback dot com.


Elephant in the room. Did you commission that piece or did someone just make it for you and give it to you? Because that's ridiculous. What's behind you right now? You guys don't have the shrine of your best moments to Do I. We're just staring at it. It's for people who are just listeners. It's Dan Orlowski and all of his jerseys in the NFL playing and a huge American flag behind it and a huge NFL logo. And he's pointing at us. Please tell me someone gifted that to you and you didn't commission that. Alright. So a hundred percent a gift. Okay, good. So do you remember the dude Chris Myers used to play center for the Texans?


Yes. Like on all time, like one, one of the best centers of his generation. So we've, I I've known him for a long time. Long story short, we played together in Houston. We moved to both our wives from Philly area. They were building a house. He made a lot more, more money than I did. So they were building a house we had bought, they already built a house. And so like, I was playing still. And they, their family needed a, a place to stay for a couple months. So they stayed at our home while they were kind of like waiting for their house. So this was like his thank you gifting or to me. And so like, yeah, it's just a shrine to myself that I thought would be a good background. The best. Is this, the best? Is this I, so the, the Texans one, that's where I played with Chris.


The Texans won. I played a little bit down there, but not a ton. Like jobs somehow went from the, the most injured quarterback ever to the least injured quarterback ever. When I was down there, the Lions won. I think that's the year from Logan. 16. I don't know if I played into regular season snap in Tampa Bay. I don't know if I did. So like that would technically be from the preseason. Actually my chinstraps onb buckle. So at a hundred percent is, and then this, this is me to everybody on social media. Like the indie one Pointing. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. Shut up. It's quite something. I like it. And The American flag in the background is a nice touch too.


You did all that for our country. Yeah. Thank you for your service. Yeah, yeah. I was, there's a lot me in the military. Same level. Thanks stuff. I'm joking. Yeah. Alright, well Dan, thank you as always. We'll, we'll have you back on this football season. We're just so pumped for football to be back. So you're the best back. And hopefully all of our predictions come true. I appreciate you guys. Always fun to be on. All right, Thanks. Dan.


Dansky was brought to you by Sunnyside Cannabis dispensary. It's your home for judgment free cannabis shopping, a place where all visitors are welcome to explore, discover and purchase a wide array of high quality products. Sunnyside is Illinois' favorite dispensary with city locations in Wrigleyville and River North. Plus eight other dispensary locations throughout the state. They have an expertly cur curated menu, easy online ordering. And in-store pickup, Sunnyside has everything you need to elevate your summer. If you're starting out, Sunnyside offers expert guidance and brands we know that you'll love like Mindy's and good news. And here for the rest of the summer's, good news, tea Time Lemonade disposable vape. It'll get you perfectly pin high bringing classic lemonade flavor. That's perfect for the golf course because we all need a little help staying loose on the green If. You're a pro. We've got you covered With over a hundred cannabis strains on the menu and new ones added weekly. Be sure to try Cresco and Flora Cal for incredible quality and consistent products. Visit sunnyside.com for Bright buys every day, including 35% off favorite brands like Cresco, good news and more. To elevate your first purchase If, you enter promo code high Barto. That's H-I-B-A-R-S-T-O-O-L at checkout. You qualify. Make sure that you do and you can get 35% off some of of their favorite brands only for 21 and over, or Illinois medical card holders. I'm not a drug guy, but I think I'm a Sunnyside guy. Check out Sunnyside cannabis dispensary today.


Dansky is brought to you by Chevy. Great friends at Chevy have some great news for you. The Silverado's back And, it is better than ever. And they're a great partner of part of my takes. They sponsored the low man trophy that we give every year to the nation's top college fullback. They helped us dig the biggest hole ever dug during Grit week in the state of Ohio. And they got us all around Grit Week this year in California. Silverado's a, it's a partner that you can depend on. We've all spent time driving. We've used the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl as well. It got us there. Safe and sound. Silverado brings the grit, legendary grit paired with modern truck tech inside and out. Massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss as well. Head over to chevy.com. Build your own Silverado or your Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


Okay, we're gonna wrap up the show. Good luck, Hank. Everyone has been waiting for it. Is the Mount Rushmore dual? So we've done Mount Rushmore season all summer long. What? I don't know, 20 Mount Rushmores maybe more. Felt Like it just started Blind poles. And we've ended with a tie for third and fourth place between ma between Hank and PFT Max clinched like 10 months ago. I clinched two weeks ago. And we don't know who's gonna have to. No. PFT almost came a second. Well, If, you look at this If you Look at the final standings. Hank and I were pretty close to Big Cat actually. That's true. But you weren't. Yeah, Well we weren't, we weren't at your level.


I just wanna say congrats to the A w Ls. You guys did a great job on the pull on Friday. Yes, absolutely. Masterclass. So hats off to you guys. I'm, I'm enjoying this dual. Yeah, So we've never done a dual before, so we thought the Oh, it has. No, it actually did. It started, Yeah, it did start like 10 minutes ago. Yeah. PFT did. It will probably be in the PMT. VPFT won Longest Drive. So he is going to go first on the first Mount Rushmore and the third Mount Rushmore. It will not be snake. It'll be one and one back and forth. The dual is gonna work 'cause we've never done a dual before. And we figured the best way to do this, the fairest way to do it, is we're gonna have blind polls. Truly blind polls. So we're gonna put the polls out before the episode's out.


So if you're listening to this, you've already voted in and it's already been decided. These guys don't know. We're gonna show the, the, the polling after. When Are we gonna announce who won At the end of the show? No, but when are we gonna announce to the world who won At the end of the show. So As of tomorrow morning, it's fair game For us to talk about. Yeah, they'll know. Yeah, they'll know. And they'll also also see, they'll hear us at the end of the show. We're gonna pull up the blind polls. Yeah. So we're, it's basically live. We're we're, we're gonna do the Mount Rushmores and put the polls up right after. Not gonna look at it. So we'll be surprised when we look at the results. No. Internet. Pen and paper. Pen and paper. You guys each have a minute. When the Mount Rushmore topic has been announced, max memes and I have discussed, we've come up with three Mount Rushmores that we think are very fair.


Now, did one of you each pick one or did you pick all three? We threw out a bunch of different topics and then we, we whittled it down and we figured let's come up with a topic. Basically our criteria was we want Mount Rushmores that won't burn other Mount Rushmores. We want Mount Rushmores that will have some good options. And then we want a Mount Rushmore that'll make you think. So there's two that I would say are gonna be a little bit easier and then the third will be somewhat difficult. But you guys will have exactly level playing field on all three of these Mount Rushmores Love. I'm excited. This good stuff. Love. Yeah, this is exciting. Okay. This is good stuff all. So the first Mount Rushmore, you have one minute.


The Mount Rushmore of guitar solos. No, I'm just kidding. That was a joke. Started to write. Free Bird was, I was think if we had just done like so, so slid. Do you just wanna do that Lanes? The, the Mount Rushmore of Breakfast Taco places in Austin Tysons. Alright. The first Mount Rushmore that you guys will be competing against, the, the clock is up the Mount Rushmore of HBO shows. PFT has first pick here. So they're gonna have a minute Max would you like to discuss? This is thrilling. They're, they're writing down. I just put up a minute on the computer that everyone can see.


So everyone knows how much time that they have. Yep. Who, Who do you think has the edge in this one? I actually don't know. I don't know because I think Hank thinks that he has the edge, but he probably end up, will end up not having the Edge. Yeah. I mean they both have watched a lot of HBO shows. Everyone has. And, and this is kind of, we, we picked this one specifically because it is really, like, it's gonna be tough to see the voting. I don't think people will be able to figure out who's picking what. It's gonna be great. And remember, you, we really only need like 15 seconds, Eight shows that you can think of because there's only eight picks.


15 sec nine, 10 seconds. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Pens down PFT. You have the first selection on the Mount Rushmore of HBO shows to start off the Mount Rushmore dual. I'm gonna take the meatballs of this draft. I'm gonna go with the Sopranos. Great. Pick one. One. Great pick. And Max we can editorialize because it won't affect the voting whatsoever. So we can talk about it. Yeah, No, that's A good pick. That's a good pick. Pick. Yeah. We can, we can have a free flowing discussion on Sopranos is maybe it's in the argument for the best TV show of all time. I agree. It was a clear one. One. I would, but here's where it gets interesting and It's very funny. Such a Funny show.


There's some really good HBO shows. So I love the Sopranos. One of my favorite shows I think we can all agree was heartbreaking When Tony killed Christopher and I, when what's his name? Who's the guy that got Phil tdo got run over by the car, right? Yes. He got squished and then Bobby got shot in the train store. The model train store. Yes. That was tough. RI Tough to stomach. Literally for, Hey, You're a big Janus fan, right? Hank, you you guys were ruin that show for me. You were running it for thousands of awls. You guys should be sickened about the things that you've done to people, but for some reason you enjoy it. Okay. And that's all right. Okay. So I didn't get to fully enjoy the Sopranos. I havet fully enjoyed the show. I've seen it a million times. I don't think it's the sexiest pick, but it really is my favorite show ever made.


It's the Wire. Ooh. Good pick. Okay. I had the Wire as Round three pick. Yeah. It's a good pick. It's a great show. You know, it's might date yourself a little bit, but that's okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's not the Sex pick. You'll get the dude's vote. Yeah. Yeah. Jason Whitlock's gonna vote for you. Okay. He only votes for winners. Okay. PFT your pick is up. I'm gonna go Curb Your Enthusiasm. Great. Pick easy Number two, pick for me. Great. Pick one of the funniest shows of all time. If We had the live odds right now, PFT would be up 70%. See there's a show that I, I think I enjoy more Than Curb. It's eastbound and down. Oh, Okay. Great. Pick. Didn't see that one coming. I feel like that might have been a reach.


It's another good pick. It's a definite reach. I it's a great show. Listen, I love Kenny Powers funny stuff. It was a great what? Three seasons? Was it Three seasons? I think it was more than that, But I think, well, I only watched three. 'cause then it start to fall off. Yeah. There's Some good picks out Here. All right. This is waiting for you. I'm gonna go Game of Thrones. I mean Game of Thrones. It was a, a cultural phenomenon. Yeah. You can say what you want about the last season of Game of Thrones. Are you Worried, are you worried at all that people will think that that was Hank's Pick? No, I think they're gonna say this is a person that knows tv. This is, That could have been, that could have to the voters. They might think it was Hank's Pick. Yeah. And I'm, I I can't believe Hank let that I'm a football guy through and through. I'm gonna go hard knocks.


So before we started, Hank said that one of his strategies he might use is trying to muddy the water. Where people, he, he believes the AWS will vote for PFT and he thinks that they'll vote for PFT no matter what. And if he muddies the waters enough, they'll vote for him. Thinking he's PFT having eastbound and down hard knocks. And what was your first pick? The wire. The Wire. I think having the wire in hard knocks. He's done a pretty good job of that. Right. Eastbound and down. I don't Think muddy, muddy this. Oh my God. PFT You gotta just go with a banger. Alright. So you have hard knocks as your third big He smiles. Look at him. Smile. Yeah. Look at him smile.


Now see, the problem with this Is, you know, game of Thrones is my favorite truck. Yeah. Everyone knows that. It's, it's hard, it's hard to think of it right off the top of your head. 'cause there's a lot of shows that I wanna say like Correct. Are these HBO shows or not? And I can't remember. Especially some of the more recent ones out there. So your pick This. It's gonna be one of the weird ones. Oh no, this is a, I can't stop it. This is gonna be a weird PFT one. And I'm, I can't thi real sex. Oh, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take real sex. It's, oh my God. This is fucking, These are both fucking just puking all over the real Sex was It was great.


This is, this is a true version. Mount Rush before Now people won't know. Which one's b ft. Oh my god. Real sex. Real Sex. Have you ever watched Episode of Real Sex? I have. I've jerked off to it. Episode. Yeah. I've jacked off. There was hundreds of Taco one that one episode that kept on playing where it was just like, porn stars, fucking like dildos. And they just showed it all. Yeah. It was awesome. This is enlightening. Yeah. Hank Hank is stunned. He kind of just got you there. 'cause like you were going PFT and then he went full PFT. Yeah. Real sex. But it was a horrible pick. It Was.


Have you ever seen Real Sex Hank? No. But, But if the Awls are voting for PFT, they'll see Real Sex and they'll be like, that's PFTI Had to do it. They will he just put, he just pissed all over his Mount Rushmore. No. 'cause they're gonna see, they're gonna see Game of Thrones and be like, Hank. And then Hank also had the worst pick of all time. No, what they weren't. They, here's here's how they're gonna see it. I know exactly how the graphic's gonna look. They're gonna see the Sopranos and then they're gonna see Curb on there and be like, that team dominated. Then they're gonna try to look to see who had the weirder picks. But they're not really gonna care because it's gonna be the Sopranos and Curb your enthusiasm. Carrying my team to a championship. Okay. So Hank, you have your last pick. Yeah. You're probably right with that Ali G show.


Wow. You guys. So, so Shane's listening to this. He's making the graphic right now. Did now I know it's hard because you gotta think off your head. Yeah. The fact that no one picked succession would've been, that was an Easy See that's the one I forgot. I wasn't, yeah, I wasn't a hundred percent sure that it was HBO. Yeah. I thought that there was a chance. That would've been a, that would've been a dynamite pick in the third or fourth round. Yeah. I thought in the back of my head, there's a chance that this is an Yeah. Apple Plus show. Yeah. Because That would been recency bias. Yeah. Everyone voting for it. Casey would've voted for it with a Chinese farm factory. Well, Because she was in it. Yep. Entourage also played Entourage. Oh, entourage. Entourage One. The fact that fucking Eastbound and Down went before Entourage.


Yeah. Listen. Those, those are, those are three huge misses. But it's not, it's not so easy to do in one minute when you just have to think about it with no internet. Just write everything down. Yeah. Yeah. Band of Brothers would've been one. Band of Brothers was a good one. Band of Brothers was a really good one that was missed. Yeah. Veep. I love Veep. I think it's one of the funniest shows. Thought that could've been a different, different network. You Thought that one might've been different. Yeah. Sex and the City. I also thought about taking just because it was a, it was a big show. I never watched it, but It Yeah. Mayor of East Town. Not really well known. That's a good one though. White Lotus the Jinx. I Thought Rose did it the entire time. I Still think Euphoria could have, maybe could have locked up. The, the, the Gen Gen Zers.


Your first three Were so strong. I know. Thank you. They were so strong. Okay. I Feel very good about that. Yeah. So if I'm putting odds on that, I think I got minus it's me minus 2 54. I'd agree with that. Yeah. But I agree. I think, yeah, I think Sopranos. I think Hank's in Troubles. Yeah. Hank might be in trouble. Alright, so fuck Hank is going first in this next Mount Rushmore again. We're gonna, we're posting these polls live. So at the end we're gonna see who won all of These. So is that one up? No, it's gonna be up at eight o'clock. This one is going to be very interesting. Very interesting. Very interesting. It very interesting. After what we just saw, If he's, he's going, if he's going full, he's trying to muddy the water here.


Yeah. This one is going to be, Hank is gonna have to do some thinking with what he wants to do. You Guys would be great hosting squid games. You sickos fucking low. No, we really, we, when we talk about which three we're like, because we knew HBO would be like, there's so many options and there'd be some misses and there's be some really good picks. But this one, Hank, you might outsmart yourself probably. We are going to do the second Mount Rushmore and the Mount Rushmore of duals is the Mount Rushmore of quarterbacks. You have one minute. This is gonna be great. Gonna, I'm gonna miss the time of not dueling.


I know. Like, I, I I'm obsessed with dues. I've been wanting this moment for so long and the fact that it's here and Hank just shit on himself the Next year we might have to just change Mount Rushmore season where it's like, it's like an actual schedule of dues. We just need Yeah. Like everyone plays everyone twice. We just dual each other constantly. Oh, I'm so excited to see where this goes. Yeah. This is gonna be, and Hank having the first pick in this one is great. That's Very interesting because that's The content Gods just coming through for Us. And PFTI think knows he, he's got one in the bag so he can maybe get freaky with this one and try to try to reverse it on Hank 10 seconds.


Okay. 10 seconds. Hank, you have the first pick. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Pens down. We can still keep thinking. Of course. Yeah, yeah, of course. You can still keep writing. But Now it's go time. Of course. Now it's go time. Henry, your first pick on the, the Mount Rushmore of quarterbacks Tom Brady. Okay. All right. Okay. We didn't, I mean, we, there's a chance. No, now we, I Never, I could never live with myself. Yeah, I know. I could never live With myself. We, we didn't know obviously the order. So we couldn't have even planned that, that Hank would have to go first on that one while also trying to be PFT. Yeah.


Okay. I gotta go. Hank's gonna win this one. I can tell you the way that this draft is gonna shake out his team is gonna be stronger, top to bottom than mine. So I'm going to go with the man Tom Brady Pass. Joe Montana. Okay. Okay. Congratulations Hank Henry. Your pick. See, Hank kind of only knows time. Yeah, it's true. Now. Rushmore of quarterback Matt Castle Just went For that one season. So much time is just, Yeah. Come on.


Just make your pick. Patrick Mahomes. Oh my God's A good pick. If. you passed on that. Hank, I was gonna, I It was gonna be crazy. Was screaming At memes in the boots. Be crazy thinking that you were gonna pass crazy because you also just locked up. You just made a huge conglomerate of Mahomes and, and Brady fans have to vote for that side. That was smart. 'cause if he got Mahomes, then it becomes like a MJ LeBron thing and fucked Yourself. I was debating Mahomes or, or Montana with my first Effect. Ma should, should Mahomes got Mahomes. You should got Mahomes. It's the pick for If. you want people who are probably voting in this poll before, correct? Yeah. Yes. Yep. All right. So then I'm gonna go with Peyton Manning. Okay. Good. Pick Henry.


Name a quarterback, not name Tom Brady or Patrick Mahomes. We should have put a shot clock on. We do it. Can he do it folks? Can he do it? Kenny Quarter. Now quarterback for people who Are listening on podcast. Dave. Quarterback's name the look on Billy on the street. Aaron Rogers. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. Interesting. Okay. How Many Super Bowls? All one of his Super Bowl. Some Say the greatest quarterback of all time. Hmm. Literally no one. I said some. No, but I, I fallen, I fallen that some You you think he's the greatest quarterback of all time beams right now? Yes. No, no, no, no. You think he's the greatest quarterback of all time?


Yeah. 100%. You. That's what you actually think. Yep. Playing ability. He's a stud. Okay. Wanna muddy the waters in the first one? Oh no. Let's muddy the fucking waters. Joe Flacco. Put it on the list. Oh shit. That's tough. No, Hank, you just, I mean you Hank you have this. I gotta play, I gotta play defense now. He's Playing defense. You have this. I thought you were gonna say Danny Woodhead that one time he threw a pass. John Elway. Oh, good Pick. Good pick Hank. All right. You're playing it straight. You're Back. That was a good fourth round pick.


I Think. I think we got a one one. I think we got a battle One as well. All right, so I'm gonna go with Troy Aikman. Okay. Okay. Dan Marino would've probably played well on the game. Yeah. But I just got done talking shit about Aaron Rogers winning, won Super Bowl. Yeah. So that would've been tough for me. Yeah. Big man. Throw him up there. Jamis. I was thinking about If. you didn't pick Flaco. I was thinking about doing that to, to muddy it, but Yeah. Well I'm just, I'm just gonna hope and pray on that one. Alright, so you're your four Hank. Were Tom Brady, Patrick Holmes, Aaron Rogers and John Elway. Your four were Peyton Manning. Joe Montana. Joe Montana. Joe Flacco, Troy Aikman. Troy Aikman. That's gotta be me. It has to be you. Yeah. Well, we'll see.


Ws would be doing some nasty work if I didn't If you didn't win that one. If I had to do one thing over in that, I would've taken Patrick Mahomes over Joe Montana. But I think that Joe Montana does belong on that list ahead of past phones right now. But I think you I wasn't about the boat Montana in the second. Yeah, I could get Montana. I don't think, I don't think Hank's picking Montana. I think he would've. Yeah. Okay. 'cause he only, he Oh, I would've picked Pay Manning. No, he only knows about Montana because Tom Brady broke all his records. Yeah. Alright. This is a tough one. This is, we, we've, we've made it so that the third is always gonna be the tough one. And you guys again have equal playing field. 'cause Can't believe I missed entourage. You both. Yeah. You both have been present for this Mount Rushmore.


So there's no, there's no way anyone can have an edge. The last Mount Rushmore in the Mount Rushmore dual is the Mount Rushmore of PMT Mount Rushmore moments. We only got one minute. I'll give you two minutes. You want two minutes? Give you two minutes. Yeah. Two minutes. PMT, not PMT moments. PMT Mount Rushmore moments. So it's basically the Mount Rushmore of Mount Rushmore's. Hank Hank Hank. Well, again, you guys have both been present for all of these moments And there's only two of you. Like if there was four shut up.


We have to talk. This is a podcast. Hank, we have to, we have to talk during these two minutes or else people will not listen to the podcast. Some may say this is s slant against Hank because he's checked out of Mount Rushmore. Yep. Forever. I also don't know if he took his, his Adderall today. Oh no. He had to have on a day like today. Yeah. I mean, this is the biggest day of his life. When are you ever gonna do again? Seriously, we have 10 seconds of the first minute. Take your headphones. He took his, we had to talk. Alright. The first minute is up. Second minute coming. So many great moments to come to, to think of.


Right. The, the the the way that Hank is reacting right now does not make me feel good for his Chances. This No, he's he's not, he's not, he's not acting from a place of confidence. No. He, he wants to say shut up again right now. Yeah, he does. He's mad at, he's mad. I have two ones. He's thinking really hard. Memes just said he has two one ones. Wow. I'm not gonna lie, I don't think I would be good at that. I think I would be tough. This is hard. This is hard. This is a hard one. I think we need more time. Yeah, I think we might all I'm okay with going three minutes. We're three minutes. Okay. I'm to three Minutes. Three minutes. Do you want me to, do you want me to? I'm not, I can't, I can't say anything to jog memories.


No. Yeah. I mean, no, there's so many that I don't know if there were Mount Rushmore moments or that there were other moments from the show. I mean, we'll have to, we'll have to just check, check the tapes. Two minutes are up. I we're giving a third. We're giving a third. Giving A third minute. We're Giving a third minute. How was Your weekend, max? It was fine. Yeah. No, it was fun. It was a really good weekend. Good, good Wedding. Yeah. Don't, don't say fine 'cause someone's listening Who got married. Yep. Shout out Jane and Mike. It was a great wedding. It was Fine. I, I just felt like shit today. That's why I say it was fine. But that's because I had too much fun at the wedding. I don't Know how you Well, I, I do know how you do it. You're in your twenties. Yeah. I have three more this month.


Yeah. I'm exhausted from just watching football. Yeah. I'm going to the park with my kids. It was, it was basically on loop. I know that I'm a famous hangover plane guy, but being on a plane hungover is, oh, it's If. you were doing Mount Rushmore of like the last place you want to be hung over. A plane is easily on that list. Yeah. Alright. We got nine seconds left. Boys. Do we need another minute or are we good? Are we feeling good? Are we feeling I Would do another minute if Hank wants another minute. Do you want another, another Minute? It's not easy. Minute. Another minute. Give boys another minute. The po the listeners gotta be, They're waiting here.


You know what, let's do a, let's do a, we'll cut this minute out. Let's just not talk for the listeners. Okay. I might have 3 1 1 memes. Me just sitting At 3 1 1. But memes also also. Alright, we'll just keep talking. We also had, we knew this ahead of time, so this isn't, I didn't look any of these up. So a lot of these are gonna be, I'm gonna be No, I, I I can think of a couple. There's, there's a couple one ones. We also just never know what a one one is. We never can explain that. No. Although Sopranos and Tom Brady was a one, one, I don't know if, I wouldn't have have been surprised if Hank picked Game of Thrones.


One, one. I'm not a Game of Thrones guy, but so many people. But He was trying to muddy the water. I know. He was trying to muddy the water. Real sex. He Got, he Got Got crazy answer. Five seconds left. By the way, Sex was a crazy thing. Real sex was insane. Alright, we're done. Are we, what are we doing? Okay. All right. We're doing it. Let's go. Let's go. We're doing it. PFT You have your first pick on the Mount Rushmore of PMT, Mount Rushmore moments. This could be to decide the dual. Okay. Right off the bat. I'm gonna go with a recent one debating the color of cheese for four days. Oh, Interesting. So what do you want that Say on the graphic?


Yeah. I want it to say I'm shocked. I don't think that was one. I wasn't one. One. I'm gonna say debating Shocked. Jake is shocked. Debating eight face is shocked. Screaming at each other about the color of cheese for four days. Okay. Okay. Shane. I it's a, I'm shocked. Hank, you're one, one. My one one. And part of my take Mount Rushmore moments is the pizza topping strip. That's, That's it. That's the one one. That's The one one. Fuck. I forgot About Chops. I mean, but that, they might think, because that was such a bad Mount Rushmore for Hank, he, they might think that that was you.


Yeah. Yeah. Mine gave, but that Was shocking. PFP That was bad. I might have blown, That was the first thing I thought of. Hank is in shock still. Okay. Shit is great. So I'm so deep in my own head right now. This is great because it's all of our own moments. So it's like our stupidity. Then you have to pick which ones. It's really, it's really the human centipede going on right now in podcasting history. We're eating our own ass. I'm going to go with my second pick. This Mount Rushmore dual that we're doing right now.


It might've saved him, who knows? But people haven't listened cake's looking like he's, he's home free. I'm going to go with a single Hornet. Oh, I had that on the list. That was one of my one ones. I had that on the list. Single Hornet i, i stand by. But The most Outrageous answer. But this also in history of Mount Rushmore. PFT might be playing a masterful mind game because those are PFT, like the aws. They look and say Pizza topping a single Hornet. They're gonna think PFT. But then wait. Oh that's, no, no, no. I just reversed myself. Explain. You gotta just Play the game.


Hank's playing it. Masterful. Hank has, we Don't know who's playing it. Masterfully. No. Hank has has pf t's picks right now. He has both of your picks. Shit. No. Hank's gonna fucking pull this off. No, there's still two picks. Hank could easily fuck this up. I'm not sure if this is Mount Rushmore moment, so I might get denied on it. Alright. That's Fine. Jack Nicklaus. Yep. It was, yeah. Yeah. Good Answer. All right. So it should, you wanna say Billy's pronunciation? Billy mispronouncing Jack Memes is challenging that lau. Why? He thinks that it wasn't a Rushmore Moment. I think it was. Oh, it wasn't? Oh no, wait, wait, Wait. He was doing it for a, who's back? He was doing it for like a who's back or a, a hot seat or cool throne.


Shit. Alright, So We'll damn. I had that on the list. I think PFT lose can pick again at the End. No, he gets to pick again. No, he gets to pick again right now. That's fine. I, I was gonna, I was gonna say it. I was gonna say it. If. you didn't Confirmed hot tea Quilter. Okay. Why didn't you take pizza toppings? One. I fucked up. Why didn't you take, because I forgot about it. I have the opportunity. Forget about it. It's literally the entire Listen when you're, when you're under the bright lights, But that's okay. It's a little bit different. That's the villain origin story of Hank in Mount Rushmore season. It's how we got here. That's actually true.


Yes. Every, every Hank hank the pizza toppings draft. You hit it. And that's how we got to this point. Oh man. Okay. PTs pick. He's gotta get a pick in. We're gonna need A pick. Hank not taking boobs in the Mount Rushmore of round things. Mm. That just happened I think, Think a couple weeks ago. Yeah. We've been doing this for nine years. PFT Sock shit. Hank's doing a deal. All PTs pigs are this year's.


Yeah. Although that could help recent awls. I will go with hot soup coming through. Ooh. Was that a Mount Rushmore moment? I believe it was. I think it was Memes. Can we check that out? No memes. Mount Rushmore. Things we think we're elite at. I said it during that probably. 'cause we were talking about moving through crowd. Yeah. This is, I think, I think one of my pick was moving through crowds. Yep. All right. Okay. So hot soup coming through counts as a, as a Mount Rushmore moment. We've gone to the booth. We found it. So that is your third pick. PFT your fourth pick. Okay.


I'm going to go season one. Okay. Scott Van Pelt doing the bracket of Mount Rushmore's to finish off Mount Rushmore. Love that pick. That was a good pick. I had that on my list that I just came up with in my Head. Now. it was the first time we had SVP on the show. Yes. Yeah. Where'd you go meet him in like, some rented office space in Bristol, because he didn't wanna bring us us anywhere near, yeah, anywhere near home base. We're On a whiteboard. It's a good pick. Hank your fourth pick. I'll also go season one. It might give it away that it's me, but I don't think it should matter.


Jumping off a bridge to cure a hangover. Okay. That's a good one. I couldn't think of much else. I I would you guys have Anything else on the list? I, I played Reese's bias to Yeah. Jack Laus. Yeah, Jack Laus I thought was Mount Rushmore. Jerome Betis. Yeah. I thought about that. Taking Jerome Betis. Hank teamed up with Max and then Hank leaving town. And Max dominating. Well, well Mac well Hank was going gone. Tty fucking was Titty fucking Oh, titty fucking, oh, that's a great one. Yeah. Mr Positions. Mr Positions titty. Fucking, yeah. That was Both of the same one. Yeah. The Mount Rushmore of numbers. Oh, oh. Mount Rushmore of draft positions with Jerry O'Connell. Oh, that's what it was.


Oh yeah. When he just didn't understand. I think, I think his third pick was like Austin Eckler. Yeah. Oh man. Okay, boys, how do we feel? I Feel great. I think I, I would say Hank is minus one 70. It all, I mean that first pick was Hank's minus. I couldn't believe it. Yeah. Yeah. Big Miss. Big Miss with p pizza topics. You didn't even write down Pizza tos. I did not, just didn't think of it didn't occur to me. It's Like all I think about. 'cause it literally is the start of grumpy Hank. I know. Yeah. I, I'll never forget it. He's, He's never changed from that moment on. Listen, you gotta have a short memory in this game. It's Before and after. Pizza toppings. Tell the, like if we do a Pardon My Take book, it would be like the, like volume one would be before pizza toppings.


Volume two after. I'll say this though. Not BBT. If I win this because of pizza toppings, it'll be a full circle moment. Oh, that's true. So you'd, you'd let Go. I think I would You let Go think I Would at that point, the pizza tr toppings draft would be the start of the championship. DVD for Hank. Yeah. Yeah. Or your mindset. So you would, so next summer you wouldn't be grumpy? No. Wow. Because You used it, you reclaimed it. You took I don't believe that you took that back. Oh man. Okay. Like We couldn't use that as an insult anymore. That's, it's a good point. That's true. Yeah. Memes. What were your one one picks that you, you thought about Pizza toppings. Yep. One single hornet. Yep. The draft positions was also just one of the funniest things. Okay. 'cause you guys just kept picking Numbers.


Jerry O'Connell couldn't figure that one out. I Wasn't sure about Single Hornet because I wasn't sure if I remembered it so well because it happened to my pick. Or if it was that The worst, it was the worst pick of all Topp. Yeah. Yeah. That was, it was the Mount Rush before Pizza toppings. That was the like most talked about Mount Rush pick. Yeah. It was scariest. It was like animals you'd want in a fight to the death. Yeah. Yeah. Single Hornet just, just fuck with you. Oh yeah. To be on your side. Yeah. 'cause it can sting you repeatedly. It doesn't lose it. Stinger. And then if the other person's allergic, guess what they're done. You guys letting Billy pick eight picks when you guys only have four was Also Short. Yeah. I also thought about doing Hank blowing the Mount Rushmore of Taco Bell.


Yeah. That thought crossed my head. Or, or Or Jake and, and Billy doing AI Taco Bell. Both of them admitting beforehand they'd never had Taco Bell. And they just were like, oh, these are chalupa. I love It. I Also forget the one that I, I couldn't, I couldn't remember which means it wasn't. But the, the what did Jake in the old studio in Chicago said something last summer that was legitimately like stunning. I just can't, I can't remember it specifically, but thought that was like the funniest. I just, I couldn't remember it off the top of my head. There were a couple Jake moments that I, that I also thought about. One was the Mount Rushmore Blue things when he accidentally said a competing blue sponsor And he wa he wanted to kill himself. Yeah, he did. We just, we, we initially were like, Jake. Oh my God, I can't believe you did that. We gave up the joke with Jake after about 30 seconds.


'cause it deeply affected him. Yeah. He was so upset. And then I also thought about Billy when he would go off script from Jake. Yes. All the, and they'd get into such big fights. Those, I mean that's just an entire summer though. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So we're going to pause to do the rest of the show and when we come back, we will pull up the polls that will be final by that time and we'll figure out who won. Good luck, boys. I congrats to Hank. I think Hank is the, the clear favorite. So I'm not feeling too confident in my guys right now. Okay. Okay. Boys, you just listened to the Mount Rushmore dual. It Has been the longest two hours of my life. Yeah.


Longest Two hours ever. We've done the voting. We've all, I have not seen a single poll. Nope. And go put the cans on And put the cans on. You're Gonna wanna hear what memes and Max have. We're Gonna pull up the polls and then on Wednesday's show. So we do have a show tomorrow as well. On Wednesday's show, the loser will pick out of a hat to see what they have to do. Hank, it was a pleasure to compete against you. Any regrets before we go? Look at the polls. Big regret. Entourage. Entourage. Succession. Big regret leaving them off succession. Didn't know if it was a hundred percent an HBO show or not. Entourage was just a miss, pure and simple. Just a miss. Would've loved to have the internet to look this up.


And then obviously I wish I'd taken single Hornet. We are you still not saying you regret his pizza toppings? Well, I, I, I completely, well obviously I regret that, but I didn't even write down pizza toppings On my list. I still, I'm still flabbergasted by that because I, that's all I think about. Yeah. Pizza toppings. The fact that I didn't think about it to even write down on my list. Big fuck up on my part. And then I did have single Hornet on the list, but I didn't take it because I thought maybe since it's about me, maybe I thought it was more important than other people would think that it was. I just got in my head on that one. Yeah. Okay. Hank, any regrets? No. You feel confident? Let's throw on the field. Okay.


So poll one. HBO shows. Do we have it Max? Are we pulling it up? Memes pull it up. I'd rather hear it from Somebody. Oh, you wanna hear it? Okay, let, oh no, no. HBO Shows team one 79% of the Vote. That was PFT. That was PF. Just say that for the listeners. Team two, Team two got 21% of the vote On that. And memes nose is Matt. It's about what I expected. Alright, so pf t's up one to nothing. How many of the replies were like both these lists were dog shit? Everybody was just mad about entourage. Yeah. Fair. Yeah. I mean we should put, there's this disclaimer. You guys were under a lot of pressure in the dual.


Yeah, the dual is not easy to go right off the rip. Not even have a second to think. You have one minute to think. So, okay, this one is gonna be interesting. Team one is who in this One? Team one is Hank. Okay. Team one. 85% of the voting. Oh my God. Bloodbath. Congratulations Hank, I would've Loved to know what happened. If, you had Patrick Mahomes in that draft. And then I I'm, I'm gonna guess that in the third one we're gonna see a result that's very similar to the second poll. Oh no, I think, I think Hank took it home with like 80% of the third poll.


Okay, the third poll. Who is team one? Team one is PFT and the third poll team one 55%. Whoa. No way. No way. Oh my God. No way. What heck wow. Hey, what? Listen. No way. Are you serious? Serious, Hank how he pulled it off? Hank should have won. Hank thought he had that in the bag. Shout out To the Awls.


Oh my God. Hank, you thought you had that in the bag? How is that possible? I think what color is cheese was huge. UBF was because it was so recent. Yeah. Oh, Hank, give us your thoughts. This is justice for the aws. They wanted Hank to lose. I'm stunned. Summer of Hank officially over. Yeah, that's the, that hurts 10 I Hurts a lot when I heard 81%. I thought it was over. Yeah. 10 33. That's insane. On, on Monday, September 2nd, the death of the summer of Hank. So I mean this is, this is even worse for pizza toppings. Now in Hank's memory, 25% got 25,000 votes.


Hank Got double fucked by pizza toppings. Oh my God. Hank So now you're gonna hold pizza toppings against us forever. Yeah. That hurts. That that hurts. That hurts a lot. I don't, I don't know what, I can't believe that I'm shocked. Yeah. Oh, also, oh shit. PFT with the, now I'm seeing it in the graphic form. That was genius what he did. Oh my God. Your third pick. Hank not taking boobs is the biggest giveaway of any of the graphics because not me, Hank would never take Hank not taking boobs.


Yeah. Wow. That was a, I don't know If you meant to do that. I didn't. I just, But that's exactly what it is. When you look at the graphic and you look at it, team two has a, a heavier light. But team one hank not taking boobs is a, is a dead giveaway. You should have taken Hank not taking boobs. I I don't regret anything. I really have no regrets. You asked me before PFT one fair and square this, this is gonna hurt. You thought you had it? I thought you had it. I thought I had it Easy. Hank, are you gonna hold me? Taking Hank not taking boobs against me? No. I mean you changed the graphic like three different times. Oh No. Do we need another Juul?


Because your real, your pick was Hank not taking boobs in the X draft, but Round things draft. Yeah. But then the graphic was just Hank not taking boobs. Yeah, that's a, it's the Start. But your pick was Hank not taking. Oh, I see what saying. You're saying, saying that does, it does look better. Just saying Hank not taking boobs. It's the start of the sentence. Yeah. Without the finish. And you asked them to change it. Oh man. I'm saying I thought that encapsulated my pick. I'm seeing some of the replies and people are like, it's clear. Pft is team won. Wow. Yeah, I mean you, you, he Outsmarted You, you won, you changed the graphic. You did good.


They, I'm happy for the aws because I think, you know what Hank, they really wanted Hank to lose. You know What Hank whatever the punishment is that you have to Do I will volunteer myself to do part of it alongside you. No, it's all right. It's all right. I will, It's All right. You won fair and square. I wouldn't do that for you. So I know you wouldn't, but I, but I would do it for you. It was a good battle. That hurts. I'm shocked. I I thought, I thought I lost Man. I want, I want all the, I want the clip of Hank when PFT didn't take pizza toppings. I want the clip of Hank when he just lost.


That was, that truly was a great moment though, because you, I thought you had won it either. Yeah. I thought the only way was somehow the flacco thing Hank Not taking Boo. I thought the third, the third poll was a win. I, I thought, I thought I lost the Mount Rushmore. I People have recency bias, I think. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's what I was pointing. I think it's the third pick, don't you Max third, third pick. Looking at it now, the graphic Change was big. The Graphic change. The graphic change from what you actually said, Hank Not taking Boob in the round things. Draft doesn't come off nearly as hard as Hank not taking boobs. Right. And you said Hank taking boobs in the round things. Well, Hank not taking boobs in the round things draft.


The Only way this could end is more conscious would've Also heavily implied that it was me saying Hank not taking pics in the round things draft. But you, you said it pops. Yeah, it is what it's it pops It is what it's We're arguing about deleting. I'm not arguing A couple words. So, so Well You did, you did ask them to delete them twice. I missed that twice. So Hank, When did that happen? In person? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think you went over there. Oh, You made your pick look better than what you like. You should have just said Hank not taking boobs, but you said Hank not taking boobs in the round things draft. Then you saw that on the graphic and changed it to something that looked better. What were your picks in in the last that is that fact or fiction? What, what are your picks in the, in the last Mount Rushmore? It doesn't matter, but I'm just, well, it doesn't matter.


But did You, I'm curious to know, max, can you tell me what they, they're Memes pull 'em up. I Just, I had pizza toppings. A single Hornet hot soup coming through and jumping off a bridge to cure a hangover. And were those the ends of your entire explanation for what your pick was? Yeah, that's what I said when I said, when I, what's your pick? That, that was my answer. Okay. Well more, more controversy. Hank I'll Do I'll do some of the punishment with you. No, No, it's fine. You won fair and square. You, you made sure you changed those graphics and then you won. Wow. Wow. I didn't realize I missed this whole graphic change Thing.


I think that's fair. I think that's fair to say Hank not taking boobs. Wow. Then why didn't you say that the first time? Why didn't you say that? Why did you say I did say Hank not taking boobs In the round things raft. Yeah, but I also said Hank not taking boobs. Yeah. No, you did. Jewel, jewel, jewel, jewel. It is what it is. I love to Do I. I, I, I regret nothing. I mean, I, my picks were good. I thought I won. I didn't, I'll do the punishment. I can read the room. And the room right now is thinking Hank's got a point Color of cheese also got changed. Yeah, it's, we said two things. I didn't even know that. Well, that that wasn't one of the original two by The way.


What, what color is cheese? What did it get changed? But your first one was arguing about, yeah, you changed the answers to things you didn't say. But those are the, the moments are the same. But our picks like, it's the same thing as what happened with a random guy. Like your pick is what you say. Not what you want to look like on the graphic, But it's your pick. My pick was the, what color is cheese debate. So that's why what color is cheese was on there. Your pick was screaming at each other about the color of cheese. Okay. Again, I can re I can read. No, no, no, no. I, I can, I can read the room. I have no problem with shut, shut the fuck up for You. Also didn't, like Shane said this in the group text. You didn't answer this in the group text.


You just went up to him. Oh, had 'em change it? Oh No, because, because they, because they asked me. That's why I asked that. Because they asked me Are you fine with this graphic? Did I, did I go up to you or did say, I said, I said, are those two correct? And then you changed the other two You said, you said, is this graphic fine? I said are, do these match what your corrections were? And then you were like, can we do it to Hank not taking boobs and what color is cheese? Damn. We, I, yeah, I shorted the hank not taking boobs to Hank not taking boobs. And the original correction was the Scott van Pelt one. This is Philadelphia 2020 all over Again. Okay. So like I said, I can read the what max.


I can read the room and I top to steal. I can see that Max is saying that Hank might have a point here. I can hear in memes voice. I don't that he's thinking, I think memes also might be upset because I asked him to do like one second more work. And that's what he's upset about. So I can, I can understand. I Would like to say on the record, I'm, I'm siding with you. You're, You're happy that I won. Yes, but you're not. But you know that Hank also has a point. He has A point, but I don't care. So what I would like, so what I would, After the Tyler Van Dyke, shit, I'm Out on Hank. So what I would like to do Dead To me. I know. No, Hank, shut up. Let me, let me, No, shut up. You got what you wanted. You want, I'm doing the punishment. I don't want your sympathy. Like I'm gonna do like one hour of a post. That's, that's after. That's what you doing. That's, I, that's not, that's not What's not being smart.


It's, Hey, that's being smart's. That's not what I'm saying. Hank what I'm saying is it's over. I would be willing to run the dual back on Wednesday. Are we gonna do again? We're gonna do again. I would be willing to run the due back on Wednesday. A red redo. A red redo. Because I acknowledge that this could be looked at as me changing it. I wasn't trying to get away with anything, but what I was trying to do was just say what I said on the show. Have the, have the text match the moment that I selected. But I can see how it comes off the other way. So I would like to offer a red redo. Should we let the listeners decide? I need, I need a G. Yeah, we should have him vote. I need a glove and Well, they're gonna vote for a red redo. I know. Yeah. I, I need a glove to slap Hank in the face with and challenge him.


Would you, do you accept Ado? I challenge you to a dual. We're never gonna get out Mount Rush four season. Yeah, of course I would accept a red, but I'm, I also don't like, Let's fucking red redo. So Hank If, you win If, you win. Do you tie in the red redo and then we have to do a third red redo. Let's fucking red Redo. That's two outta three. Or If. you win the red. Are we saying If? you win the red redo, then it's, it's your win right Now. It's one to one Mal rushmores. Yeah. Or two to one. You, you're technically up. But if you're taking that one off the board, then it's one-to-one. Okay. So we can take that one off the board and then do one more Mount Rushmore for everything That works for me. One More duel. One more duel. Mount Rushmore.


A single due. A single dual For Wednesday show. For Wednesday show. So We'll re So we, we would redo and do the same thing post the poll right away. Yeah. We, if we do the, you have to say exactly what you want on the graphic. Yeah. In the moment. Yeah. Like we can't have any no modifications. So a single red redo, A single red redo Works for me. Okay. You're gonna redo PFT. You're gonna redo I. Yeah. Alright. Course Wednesday. Can we see a Handshake? Anytime? Anywhere. Anywhere, yeah. Shake hands. Shake hands, shake hands on the redo. Wow. I didn't realize that there were so many graphic changes, but I still stand with PFT. Me too.


Me me too. So why we redo? Well, I, I, I could redo. I could hear it. I could, I could hear the controversy. And I don't want this to be controversial. I want this to be No, It's not at all. No, it, there's no Contract made. The Worst. You won Fair and Square Made the worst. Man lose. You did win Fair and square. But you're, you're taking Off the board yourself. I don't, I did not Ask you for a red redo. You offered it. I felt, I I began to feel bad because there were significant changes that were made to the graphic. That is a hundred percent correct. I don't think I violated the spirit of the rule, but I'm willing to acknowledge that the listeners deserve to have a clean cut. No experiences. Fair Mount Rushmore Fair Mount Rushmore. Dual conclusion.


Yeah. All right. So Max, max memes, we gotta come up with a fucking banger. Mount rule. Weoz rule. We gotta come up with one. That's killer. Yeah. It also doesn't allow for any hijinks simple answers. Hijinks Or just, you know, whatever you say it goes on the graphic. Yeah. Or whatever you say goes on the graphic. Memes is mad. I I knew memes is mad. Me Knew it. I didn't realize you went up to Shane. That definitely Shane. I didn't have anything to say. Shane. Shane, do you Have mean I talk, I talked to memes. Memes talked to Shane. Oh, that was smart of you. Well, no, 'cause meme Keep you're out of direct. Yeah. It's like Counter Stallion. Yeah. That was smart. No. Memes came up to me with the graphic. He's like, how does this look?


And then I looked at him and I was, for the changes That you asked Shane, you, so you, you, you were given orders from memes. Shane. Hello? Yeah. Hi Shane. It's a podcast. We're doing a podcast. Well, I didn't know if my, my mic was unmuted. I was given orders by multiple people. Wow. Who? First? It was, I think Max. Max told me PFC had some, Well, one of the, the first one was justified. The, the SC Van Pelt one. Okay. Because It got, it got a little wordy And. it was not, it was not necessary. The cheese one was, what I initially had written was you corrected what you initially said.


And you said you wanted it to say screaming. Screaming at each other. About what? About the color of cheese for four days straight. And then there was another change after that was made. Yeah. To what color is cheese? Correct? Yep. And then the Hank Blue was, it just Isn't what you said. Yeah, It was the moment though was the What color is cheese moment? The, the Hank Boobs one was I think the most Egregious. Egregious It. Looking at the graphic, I now see why PFT won that. Like it's a, it's a clean graphic. It's a clean graphic. We should repost the original graphic and see who won. That should be the redo. Who Would've won. All right.


So, wow. Red redo. So tomorrow's show, we're gonna have a red redo. So, awls, I'm curious As of what people are gonna, if people are gonna be happy about this or mad or what. Yeah, I don't know. Awls, if, If they're mad at anybody, they can be mad at me. No, be mad at me. No, I, I prefer that they're mad at me. I don't want anyone to be mad to Hank. So Let's do, let's do the, let's do the Mount Rushmore. We'll do it in the morning and then we will post the poll. Why don't we post the poll right before we record the rest of the show And we won't look at our, our phones again. So we'll only leave like, we'll only be like an hour. We'll know. We'll time it up. Okay. So it's not like we have to be off our phones first. The whole afternoon redo.


By the way, the guy's still not, he's deleted his Instagram and his Twitter and everything else. The guy who's supposed to eat shit. I will dog shit. I will, I will make sure this guy eats his shit. He should eat. I'm not gonna rest until he eats his shit. He should have Ben poop in the cup. Yeah. Yeah. I love Ben. Max didn't say anything. Wow. I Love Ben. I love Ben. Interesting. I love Ben. I love Ben. Okay, red redo. We gotta come up with a great Mount Rushmore boys. It's gotta be awesome. We gotta think. And when I say we, I gotta think unless memes or Max, you got anything?


You're gonna say color? Give us a color. A color. We actually be pretty good. Oh, should we drop a color on them? You know what Awls give us, give us some tips. Give us some tips, throw some tips to me. Max and memes way. We'll, we'll look through 'em. Okay. Good. Show boys. Red redos on. And then we should have the hat ready to go as well. So the loser has to pick outta the hat. Yep. So you can just be done with Mount Rushmore season. How About we do the hat first? Oh, I love that. Okay. I love, love, love that. I love that idea, max. That's a great idea. Alright, so we'll have the hat. So we'll be done. We'll be done with Mount Rushmore season. Okay. Numbers 10 56, 3 Ben 3 8 97 Pug 40.


If either of you get it right now, do you, do you, the other one's a loser. Yes. I love that. Yep. I agree with that. Eight and 40. Okay, everyone say their numbers. Three 10 Ben. 2156. Hug at 97. 15. 15. Love you guys. See you for the red Redo, Man. Red.