
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We've got a ton to get to. We have the NFL draft concluding. We have NBA and NHL playoffs. We have our good friend Peter Streger who is there in Green Bay to talk about the draft shado. What happened there? Who, who had great drafts, who had some weird moves? We also have our good friend Stavros Halkias In Studio. Great time with him as always. It's gonna be a great show. It's gonna be a great Monday.


There's a lot going on. And guess what? It's Derby week.


Derby week is here. Gentlemen. Suit up in your sharpest ladies. Let those wide brimmed hats turn heads the race is on, but who will rise above the rest and be crowned king of the track? Find out on DK Horse the number one downloaded horse betting app. DraftKings is turning up the thrill with the king of the track promotion. Here's how to get in head to the DK Horse app. Opt in and be five or more. $5 or more on a horse to win the Derby. If your pick crosses the finish line first you win a share of 1 million in the prize pool who Reign Supreme. Download the DK horse racing app and use code take. That's code take on DK Horse. Spent $5 or more on a horse to win the derby for your shot at a piece of $1 million only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. We'll have Randy Moss on later on this week. We're gonna get into the Derby, so make sure you go download the DK horse app now and get ready for a great weekend of horse racing Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER 18 and over 21 and over in certain states to open owner or access an advanced deposit wagering account and resident of state where DK horses available eligibility restrictions apply void. Were prohibited. Opt in a place a $5 plus straight win bet on the Derby first eligible bet only. Must win to share $1 million cash reward via click to claim expires in 30 days. Ends may. Third. See terms at dk horse.com/bet/offers/details.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy. A Yeah. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings in the DK horse racing app. Download it now and use code. Take that's code take on DK Horse bet $5 or more on a horse to win the Derby, which is this weekend for your shot at a piece of $1 million only on DraftKings.


The crown is yours. Today is Monday, April 28th. And boys, we've got a lot of sports. We've got sports coming out of our ears. We had the draft, we have the playoffs. We should probably start, start with the draft. Mel Kiper might've had the greatest meltdown of all time, and I'm worried about Mel. I think he'll be okay. He was very passionate about Shado. He was disappointed to see every team, team after team after team passing on Shado. Yes, but I did look up Mel Kiper grades. Oh yeah. In the draft. Cleveland Browns a plus a Plus. Only A plus plus the only a plus given up because they got chador. What a steal you got. You got second overall value in what, what round was it?


It was The fourth round. The fourth round, Yeah. Incredible value by the Browns to pick up Shado there. It turns out Shado might not have been good enough to get drafted in the first round because I think no matter what the character things were, any, any hesitancy teams had, if he can play football, he would've been drafted early. Yeah. It was a, it was a wild draft because of Shado Sanders and watching the slide, which in retrospect, I think we, we were, we didn't think he was. We talked to mha, we talked to Daniel Jeremiah. I don't think we thought he was gonna be a first rounder. We didn't think he was gonna be a fourth rounder. I think if you had asked me in November, I would've said Yeah. Yeah. And, and hand up. The reason why is because Dion has been very vocal about his son being a, a first round pick.


Even going as far as to say like if I got drafted by the Browns, I would pull an Eli Manning. Yeah. And not play for the team. Unfortunate tweet on his part, has he? That Was from 2018. Has He deleted it Yet? Yeah, I didn't, I don't know. That was from 2018 it was. So that's that, that's kind of bullshit. People were pull pulling that up. I'll say this, we're obviously biased bias is is out in the open with Dion Spin zone for Dion and the Sanders family. Dionne Sanders actually father of the year because he got his fourth round son mocked as a first rounder. Yeah. That's pretty crazy. You don't usually have that happen where a guy ends up going pick 1 44 is mocked in a lot of mocks is a first rounder.


So credit to Dionne. Oh, Fitz Round. Sorry. Fitz round. Why I, once it gets past the fourth round, I just, I kind of, all the numbers blend together. 144 Fitz round to the Cleveland Browns, who by the way had an incredible logo that looked like testicles from the right angle all weekend. That was bizarre. Bizarre. It was, it was the dog bone that was bouncing up and down, but when you cut off the top of it just looked like the draft pick was getting teabag. Yeah. Just all weekend long. But yeah, so it was, it was crazy. So we had obviously Cam Ward, I feel bad for Cam Ward because his, his being number one overall got completely hijacked. Yeah. By, by the Sheor Sanders draft Jack Walker From a couple years ago. Yeah. Nobody ever talks about him.


Yeah. Jackson Dart obviously went to the Giants with the 25th pick. Tyler Sch, I can never pronounce his name. 'cause everyone pronounces it differently. She sh McShay was pronouncing it shuck. She, I'm gonna go with McShay. Tyler Schuck went to the Saints with the 40th pick and then we all kind of were like, Hey, this is probably gonna happen at some point. And then Jalen Millrose went to the Seahawks with the 92nd pick. Shout out Jalen Millrose. He said after the draft that the Seahawks told him that he was the best quarterback in the draft as official meeting with the Seahawks. And then John Schneider in his press conference, a reporter asked him, he's like, no, I didn't say that.


I, I don't think that actually. So shout John Schneider. Very awkward moment. Also shadow John Schneider, because we gotta get him on at some point. We met him at the combine a few years ago. Seems like a very cool dude. I dunno if you saw this, I think it was maybe after the first round, a reporter asked how he'd handle an owner meddling in the draft. And he said, well, I worked for the Washington Redskins for a year. Yep. So he, he's he's been, he was very honest about that. He is like, I've, I've been there. I would, I roll over and I would take it. Yeah. He knows because he's the owner and he sides the Checks. Yeah. So, so Jalen Mill Monroe goes 90 seconds of Seahawks. Jalen Mill Monroe is an incredible athlete. You could be like, Hey, the upside makes sense.


Jill Miller struggles to throw the football at times and that's what a quarterback should do. Then Dylan Gabriel goes 94 to the Cleveland Browns. We gotta actually, I I wonder what Tony Gross Grassy said, because remember he's the Browns, he's a Cleveland Sports radio host who I'm quoting him so it's not me saying it. I'm quoting him. When they got Baker Mayfield, he said, we've got a fucking midget. Dylan Gabriel's shorter than, than Baker Mayfield. So he probably was pissed. He was punching air. And then so we're like, what the hell's going on? Friday night ends, Mel Kiper continues to have a meltdown, and then Shado Sanders goes to 1 44 to the Browns who already drafted Dylan Gabriel.


And now the Browns have a, a QBI room of Kenny Pickett, Joe Flacco, Dehaun Watson, Dylan Gabriel, and Shado Sanders. I love that quarterback room. I do. And I think that Flacco might start week one. Oh, absolutely. And Flacco is an big underdog to do that too. I think he was like, plus seven 50 last I checked. Yeah. So I, I like the quarterback room. I like the strategy. If you don't have a quarterback, just accumulate all the quarterbacks and let, it's like Highlander. There should be one that emerges Yeah. From that group. And then, you know, you can go from there for it. I was, I gotta, I gotta admit something. Okay. The most viral video of the weekend Yeah. Was the Shado Sanders prank call. Yes. I cannot bring myself to watch it because it just seems like the most like cringey awkward video to I know what happens in the video.


I know what it's about. I know who did the prank call. I know who received the prank call. I cannot bring myself to click play on it because that is the kind of shit that I do not want to see. Yeah, I Feel you. There's a video out there that I feel the exact Same way about. Is it when you put the hole in Tiffany's wall? Nope. No. It's a video that came out this weekend too. Oh, what Video? What video is that? No, just keep Talking about No, no video. Oh. Oh, okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe that'll come up in who's back? I know what video he's talking about. Okay. Yeah. It was, oh yeah, yeah. I watched, I watched it for, for both of us. It was, it was, it was definitely cringe worthy apparently. So we find out later on for people who are maybe living under a rocks there, someone called, how it works is all these guys have their numbers in a database with the NFL Shado.


Sanders got a new phone just for this situation. So all the, all the teams have all the phone numbers for, so they can call all these prospects per Met LaFleur, pat per, per Matt LaFleur. So the, the database is there. Shado Sanders gets a new phone. So it's not even his regular phone. He Has a draft phone, He's got a draft phone, he gets prank called someone says, Hey, I'm Mickey Loomis from the Saints, you know, I know you've been waiting a long time. And then Shado iss like, thank you so much, I can't wait for this. And, and then the kid goes, you're gonna have to wait a little longer and then hangs up. So, and pranks him. I'm glad I didn't watch it. Yeah. We find out today that it was Jeff Ulbrich.


Yeah. Point to memes. This is memes former head coach Falcon. He's a Falcon. He's memes former head coach. Falcon Jeff Ulrich's son was the prank caller Jack 'cause Jack's Ulrich because apparently he found the database on his dad's iPad and then took the number and then was stupid enough to, to be in a video Right. Of them prank calling. So he wasn't the one that was on the phone? No, he was the one that was in the background. He was sitting next to the kid managing the database. Correct. So he, but he, but he got the number and they also prank called Tyler Warren, right? Correct. They think it was the same same kid who could prank called Tyler Warren. When Tyler Warren, they prank called him at seven saying the Jets were gonna pick Him.


And I heard they somebody prank called Cooper de Jean last year. Yes. Someone called prank called Cooper de Jean last year. Listen, Jeff Ulbrich, I I, it was a terrible thing to do. Jack's ulbrich that I do not want. I don't, I don't wish to be him right now. No, it's tough. Jeff Holbrook is going to raise hell. Well, so he, he issued an apology. Yeah. And the internet was split on the apology. Half the internet thought it was a very classy move. Well done. Good kid. Made a mistake. He's gonna learn from it. The other half of the internet thought this kid should be run over with a steamroller. Yeah. So embrace debate. I actually thought it was a decent apology. Really dumb move. He should have listed Mel Kiper in the apology.


He should. That's the only issue I had with it. If you're gonna apologize to Shado. Yeah. And his family and his friends. You should also say, and to Mel Kiper, I apologize this was a very mean thing I did to you. Memes. I have a question for you. Do you think there's a chance that Jacks, Ulrich and Brick Johnson have ever been in a room together? Because I would love to see that duo. Yeah, for sure. And they've definitely made some jam moves and they've definitely been in a group chat with Diana or seeing you just leaking information. Oh, Okay. You Think that Bri you think Brick is leaking information? Yeah. Bricks don't leak buddy. Baby Bri baby brick Leak. No baby Brick leaks. I think there's a good chance that Jax and Brick have been in the same Madden lobby together online and the transcript of that might be something interesting.


Take a look at, I think Jax is from New Jersey, so I think that Brick and Jacks have probably been together. I would love to see the, those two minds going at it. Yeah, I would, I would love to see that. But that's the Atlanta Falcons problem now. Yeah. It does kind of suck for Jeff Ulrich right now. Yeah. But credit to him for however this went down, be like, yeah, it was my son. Well I, I don't know if it was, I don't know if he turned in his son, his son was literally on the video. Yeah. And it was almost instant that everyone's like, Hey, that's Jeff Ulrich's son. That's Jax, that's Jax Jack Ulrich who plays I think D three football running back in. So it wasn't even Ole Miss Ole miss got dragged through it. Yeah. Everyone was like, oh, oh, miss Frat bros.


Yeah. So Jack's, I think at minimum he should apologize to Mel and he should also get in the ring with Shado. I'd agree. I'd agree. Three minutes in the ring with Shado and then they can move on. I'd agree. We would never prank call anyone. Never, ever, never. Definitely not Lenny Dykstra. Nope. Definitely not Darren Revelle. Nope. And if we did, we would never apologize for it. Yep. And that's actually Or post it or post online for cloud. We wouldn't post it. Yeah. Should we call Darren? It's pretty late. Should we draft Darren Max is someone who's maybe been prank called recently. How does it feel bad? Okay, so there's your statement. You just actually just put how does it feel bad and then say, max Diante, Shado Sanders.


Both of them feel bad. Okay. So can we actually play the Mel Kiper just crash out to 15 seconds. This was so good. I loved watching Mel. He was, he was visibly upset. Yeah. I've never seen Reese Davis Crack. Reese Davis had to crack and be like, dude, shut up. Yeah. Reese Davis's job is to stone face. Be a traffic cop. Move it along. And he was like, Mel, come on. Come on buddy. Hold it together. Yeah, I sent it to you. Max scare the hose max. I sent you the 15 second clip. I DMed it to you. There you go. It's that one. It's 15 seconds of Mel. Just, he's, he's just in a bad spot. How angry he looks.


NFL has been clueless for 50 years when it comes to evaluating quarterback, clueless, all that. No idea what they're doing in terms of evaluating quarterback. That's proof. There's proof of that. How many times they say we know exactly what we're talking about with quarterback. They don't. And it was very awkward. You know, who does know? Is Mel Kiper. Mel Kiper. So Jimmy Clauson is just about to break through. I would agree that there have been some misses, but there have also been a shitload of hits. Yeah. Like if you look at who's drafting the first round, overall, they're usually pretty good quarterbacks. It was such a great, it, it was such great entertainment. 'cause it was Mel Kiper, just not accepting the fact that Shado Sanders probably wasn't good enough to be a first rounder.


And then as soon as the slide happens, then all the other stuff comes in, in into play. Because I, I am a big believer, especially in the NFL. If you're good enough, people will, teams will draft whoever as long as it helps them win. So Mel got it wrong that he was a first rounder. I think once he slipped outta the first round, teams were like, well, if he's gonna be a backup, we don't probably want to have everything that comes with This. Yeah. So, so looking back on it at the time, I, I would say definitely last year during college football season, I thought that Chador would be a first round pick. Yeah. Besides Dion, was anybody else saying that? Well, I mean the mock drafters. The mock drafters. Yeah. Were they going off of any talent evaluators besides just them watching on the screen?


Mel? Like anybody in the biz? Because I know Dion said that he would be a top five pick last year. Yeah, he did. But he meant rounds, hem rounds. Dion was correct again. Yeah. But yeah, it was, I think it's gonna end up where if he's good, he's gonna play. And if he's great, he'll end up making money. Just like anybody. They're not, they're not gonna give a shit that he's Dion Sanders's son and they're not gonna hold that against him. If he's good enough, he'll be their quarterback. It Probably will be a good thing for him in terms of humble pie. Yeah. Because some of the reports, I mean the, the Pro day. Yeah. Where it was like, I think they spent a hundred thousand dollars on the Pro day in terms of like a red carpet and like a VIP section. Retired his number. Yeah. Retired his number.


So I, I do think that this might help Humble and it could be good for Shado Sanders in the long run. Silver lining of all this. Did you want him to go back to college? I, so Floreal came from the Clouds with some great fan fiction that actually turned out to be kind of true. Flore wrote an article on Friday and essentially was like, he should pull outta the draft, go back to college, make more money Now, now that he's in these third, fourth, fifth rounds, he would've made more money in NIL this year in college than probably his entire rookie contract because it, it falls off a cliff in terms of guaranteed money and all that stuff. And he florio basically was like, it, it's never been done because if you go to the combine, usually you're not able to get back into college football.


But where NCAA is now is the antitrust laws and everything that's going on. They would be able to sue and probably win that lawsuit. The Only problem with that is, would you, would you accept making more money to go back and have to go to school? I, I don't think he's, I don't think they're going to School. You don't. Dion makes him go to school. Well that was the other part of Flora's thing. He said he should transfer somewhere else. Oh, I love that. And coach and, and get, get coached by someone else And prove it to the world. Yeah. And Prove to the world. Okay. 'cause there was the other Quint, yours was the other one where Quint, yours had a choice. He was offered I the report was, you know, six $7 million NIL offer I think from a big 10 school.


And he decided to go to the draft and he got drafted what? Seventh round. Seventh round. Did that. You think it had anything to do with the crazy room he was setting in the entire draft? Who? Quinn. Yours. Oh, where he Had dude that was just hunting. I think he had like 50 dead animals behind him. Yeah. Just full bodies. It was a lovely room with death. Real quick. Embrace debate. You guys saw the, the thing going around the internet, a hundred people taking down a Gorilla. That was gonna be my, in my who's back Who save it. Let's save it all. Let's save it. Who's back first? Let's save it. He did say dibs for PFT, which All right. If it gets to, you Can have it. Okay. I appreciate that. Hey, you're a nice guy. I think that the real star of the whole Shado saga actually ended up being Shiloh. Yeah. Shiloh's a good dude. Yeah. Shiloh's a great hype man.


Just there with his boy the whole time trying to put a smile on his face. Yeah. And probably the most stressful weekend of his life. Like there could have been times where he could have gotten real negative. Started being woe as me. Shiloh was just an all time vibes guy. I love the fact that the buck got him. That's good. But yeah, I didn't really know that much about Shy until now. Turns out I love The guy. Yeah. So I, I don't know what, I dunno what the Browns are gonna do. It's very, it's very Browns it. Someday we'll probably get one of those athletic reports where they, they say, Hey here's what happened in the 2025 Browns war room. And I'm just taking a guess here. But I think that maybe they drafted Dylan Gabriel so that Jimmy Hasham couldn't be like, Hey you have to draft Shado Sanders.


And then when it got to the fifth round, Jimmy Hasham still was like, Hey no, you still have to draft your Sanders and the clip because Dylan Gabriel won was kind of outta left Field. And in the clip that I saw Jim and and head coach didn't look exactly pumped when They did that. And we're Stefanki guys. We're Stefanki guys. Yeah. But that would be one of the franchises he would look at and be like, that is an owner pick. Yeah. Yeah. So we'll see what happens when I, I think if I had to guess, it feels like it's going to be a competition between, it's Gonna be Tebo mania. Well it's gonna be where in the same situation he's just not gonna play. But it's gonna be all anyone talks About. I think it won't be as bad as Tebo mania just because it will be. I, so I'm guessing here, I think they'll have Joe Flacco and Kenny Pickett in a QB competition for QB one.


I think whoever loses that competition will get traded to a team that needs a QB because of injuries or whatever during training camp. I think Dylan Gabriel will be the second quarterback and I think Sheor will be the emergency third string. So it's hard to be a lot of the hype. He's not. But if he feels better in camp. But if he's not even dressing, I think that does diminish a little of the height. It does. But then there will be questions about why isn't this guy dressing? Yeah. Yeah. Probably it all Preseason is everything. Preseason will be everything. Yeah. Like If he throws a nice touchdown pass in preseason, they're Fucked. Well let me ask you this. Who would you, who would you rather have as your emergency? Third string quarterback? Shado or DTR? That's easy. Shado.


DTR is not a courtroom. Yeah. So I feel like they've, yeah, they've upgraded Eagles. Is Dylan Gabriel. Dylan. Gabriel I feel like is going to be like one of those career backup. Well actually he's our guy. Right? Didn't Daniel Jeremiah give it to us? Is he Mr. PMT? He's Mr. PMT. So we gotta root for him. Let's go Dill. Yeah, I think he's, I mean he's, he's a good quarterback. He's just short and doesn't have like the strongest arm. Did you see this fun fact about what the Bucks did? So they drafted Tez Johnson from Oregon. Small guy. Yeah. One of the smallest in NFL history. 154 pounds. Nick's his brother Bo. Nick's brother? No, he is Tez Johnson is, Yeah, he's he Bo Nicks' family adopted him.


Oh That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So very cool story. So he's 154 pounds, one of the lightest in NFL history. And then as an undrafted free agent, they signed Des Watson from Florida who weighs 464 pounds. I like that. The heaviest player in NFL history. I like that. The difference between those two guys. 310 pounds. I like that difference in weight. That's, I'm rooting for Des Watson. He's a big boy. He had me ever since he had that. They gave him a carry in, in the bowl game and he had one yard rushing. Yeah. 464. Dude falling forward for yard. I hope he does well. 'cause he is talking about how he needs to like play his way into shape. He's got a food kind of addiction that he is trying to get over. I think.


I hope that they can, they can help him out with that. Because I wanna see Big Des playing in the NFL. The other one I wanna see along those same lines. Wait, wait, Desmond Watson went to the Bucks, you're saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They both went to get next to Vive. Yeah. That will be incredible. That would Be an incredible one. That is like a, a goal line stop package. You wanna know how to stop the tush push? Yeah. Yeah. I think the bucks just Did he just, they just did. No, he's, he's so awesome when it, whenever I would see him on Florida, he would just, he just leans on people. Yeah. And his numbers get erased because his jersey just scrunches up. He's awesome. My other Favorite story was after the draft Abdul Carter, he hit up lt. Yeah. And he asked LT for permission to wear number 56 and LT said no.


Yep. You may not wear number 56. You can make your own way in your own number. I'm on L T's side here. Yeah, absolutely. Lt maybe the greatest defensive player of all time. It's like him Reggie White. But for, for somebody to ask who hasn't played it down in the NFL? Can I have the most important number in your franchise's history? Please? Yep. No, you gotta stand, you gotta stand your ground. Yep. Say no to that shit. Yep. Agree. Maybe if you have, if you make like six all pro teams in a row, I'll consider it. Yeah, No, I, I agree. You don't give up your number. No, he's retired. Whatcha are gonna say Max? He wore 11 at Penn State. Like, you could look at it that way. That he's already done this before and worn like a legacy number and lived up to it.


So like maybe he, Doesn't everyone wear 11 at Penn State though? I mean, Every, every player, every No, but like Micah Parsons. LaVar Arrington. Yeah. It's like the Dallas Cowboys 88. But it's Yeah, it's not retired. Yeah. No, but I'm just saying. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, he's already proven it. Yeah. Yeah. He can't be a legacy vampire. Go make your own way. Also, I, speaking of numbers, I was worried about Matthew Golden, the Packers first round pick, but he, he picked number 22 for a wide receiver. Yuck. Yeah. That's tough. So bad. That is So slow For a wide receiver. That is so bad. That's maybe the worst you could pick for a wide receiver. They gotta put the numbers back to old school, I think. I don't like this shit. 22 is terrible.


28 real bad. 29 bad. Well 20 eight's a running back. Yeah, Well so it's 22. Yeah. It's crazy. But 22 is not even a good running back. 20 eight's at least a good running back. 25 is a good running back. Yeah. But 20 twos a nothing. 23 Is, I don't even got that Jordan. So it's okay. Yeah. Did embrace debate. I, I meant to bring this up on Friday, but this was from Ryan Fitzpatrick's. Twitter replies after Zach Wilson signed with the dolphin zero for number zero. He said it might be silly perception. This was like in the replies. He said it might be silly, but perception matters in this business. And it QBI trying to resurrect his career wearing number zero doesn't scream serious. Qb. I agree. Absolutely true. It screams The debate to him being brief.


It screams like you're just fucking around Young punk. Yeah. It's a young punk number. No one believes in me. Not even you. No. Jason Tatum wears zero Different Basketball's So different Also. What were you gonna say, max? You, you like the number zero? No, I was just itching. Itching my, My face itching your nose. Yeah. By the way, the boots smells bad. It does. I know what they're doing in there. We got, we got, we got problems. I'll tell you. Memes, stress like Luca today. I don't know what's going on. C put Luca other, other stories I liked. Did you guys see that Lyon's six round draft pick Ahad Hassana nine on the phone with Dan Campbell said, I will die on the field for you coach.


I think that's the one guy you can't say that to because he'll just be like, okay, great. Now I have, now I have my weak one motivational speech. Who was the guy that the, the Cardinals drafted? The linebacker like three years ago and on on the call that he made. He was like, let's fucking kill everybody. Yeah. I'm gonna kill everyone. I'm gonna die on the field. I think, I think Dan Campbell respects that, But he's gonna make 'em do it. Dan Campbell might force people. Like if you get a call from me on draft day, that means I'm about to pick you. If the the code word is, I will die on the field for You. Yeah. Also too soon. 'cause I think the only person who's ever died on an NFL team was that Lions player in like the sixties. I was gonna say prayers for DeMar. Yeah. Prayers for DeMar. But I'm pretty sure that was Don't fact check.


Well fact check me, lions player died on the field. I'm almost positive that was the only death on the field in the NFL. Hmm. So too soon bro. How could you do that? We also, did you guys see Jackson Dart said that out of anyone he wants to train with That's Jamis Winston. Yep. This was before. Yep. He was drafted. Say He'd be a great teammate. That's awesome. That's awesome. Yeah. That's synergy. What, What Hank is he gonna be able to beat Jamis out with that mentality though? I don't know. This is extremely, this is, this is an extreme peak behind the curtain of a non-football guy. But the clip of of Gruden and Jackson Dart was going extremely viral. Yes. And I didn't under it seemed like people were making fun of Jackson Dart.


Yeah. 'cause he doesn't have, But I didn't fully understand why like it didn't seem like that bad of a clip. We don't teach the kids hard counts anymore. Oh the, yeah the Clap. Yeah. So his snap count in college was just this, you wanna play the clip Max Clap Your hand. It's just uptempo offense. That's it's rinky dink offense. Yeah. By the way, I was right. It was Chuck Hayes in 1971 died on an NFL team. On the NFL field for the Detroit Lions. So officially too soon we are done clapping. USC. I see, I see this guy. Yeah. Go ahead. You ready? Yeah. No I want to hear the snap count. Yeah. Really Every time.


Every time. Do you have like a dummy clap or anything? Yeah, we caught purple. What's that? For? Three years you've been clapping. I think I could do that. Let me hear it. No, I ain't doing it. Dummy Clap. He likes the hard count. I like how they're, their dummy clap is just clapped twice. Yeah. Ever this out. Why do you need to call for it? What? What else for the draft? Oh, I wanted to say women, we give this speech every year but the draft grades are so funny 'cause you can go, depending on your team, you can go and find a great draft grade for your team or a bad draft grade for your team.


We always bring up the 2012 Seahawks draft class from bleach report graded a D. That was the draft class that got Bruce Irvin. Oh they given an F. Oh They give an F. Bobby Wagner, Russell Wilson, Robert Turbin and Jeremy Lane. And they gave it an FI also found a very funny tweet that basically sums up the entire, trying to grade how the draft went for your team. This is from ZWK football. Based on the consensus value of the picks they made, Atlanta had one of the best drafts and the LA Rams had one of the worst, including value gained slash loss from trades. The Rams had one of the best drafts and Atlanta had one of the worst. Okay, So, so there you go.


What, what I do love though about the draft grades is that the draft grades are issued by people evaluating teams on how they picked according to what the person who's writing the draft grades has said they they would've done. Even If it's not even, It's saying how smart are you? As smart as I am. Right. If you're perfectly as smart as I am right, then I will give you an A And Even if it's someone grading, grading the drafts that didn't have a mock draft themselves, they're just grading it on what other people thought the draft was gonna have. How other people thought the draft was gonna happen. Right. But yeah, I, I don't know. Do you guys, did you guys like your draft? I thought the Bears probably should have gotten a running back. Got sniped a few times. Maybe should have gotten more defensive line.


But I do like Luther Bird. I was a little bit confused with the Commander's draft class. I like the the first pick that we had. Yeah. Guy from Oregon, he's big. That's my analysis. He's very athletic. Good Feet used to play running back. I forgot To tell you Nate Te our friend who we're, we're gonna have on in football season, his dad, Mike Teis, he had his dad grade all the offensive linemen for his podcast. And Mike Teis did have your guys his favorite outside, you know, tackle. I Love that. Yeah. I love that a lot. I I also like Trey Amos Mincy texted me said great player. Okay. So that's my analysis of that one. And then we got really fast wide receiver. We got what I've heard to be a great value running back.


He didn't play last year because he was transferring. There was a whole thing about whether or not he used up his, his red shirt because when he was a freshman there was a controversy about some other player taking his jersey number and then playing in games using his jersey. So those stats got wrongly attributed to the wrong guy. Was it Juco? No, this was at, I think it was at an HBCU. I think it was in the Swac. But then, so they ruled that he couldn't play last year. And there's a bunch of people who are like balls deep in the draft that are saying that this could be one of the best running back selections that you could make. We got him in the six. So, okay. People Were saying Trayvon Henderson was the steal of the draft. Yeah, That was ano that the, if you saw I the Bears, a lot of Bears fans were mad at me.


Bear should a lot of got a lot of people being like, fuck you. The Bears should have gotten a running back. They didn't, well they did late. They got the kid from Rutgers. But you could see how it fell. They got sniped like three different times where there was a run on running backs right before their pick. So that part sucked. But the part that confused me was that we didn't get an edge rusher at all. That was kind of same with the Bears. It was kind of puzzling because we lost a lot of production And we thought that we would fill it with either a free agent or at the very least in the draft. But I'm just gonna trust Dan Quinn. Yeah. I love, I love the Patriots draft. I would die for Mike Vrabel. I'm so excited for this year. You got all, all the way into the draft.


I just, just people's telling me that Trayvon, he was the steal of the draft and then we drafted a wide receiver and they had a highlight of him just burning Travis Hunter who, oh, number two, pick the draft There. Go change the game. How'd you guys like your draft? How he did it again. Oh nice. That's just the thing that every time the Eagles would pick, you just go on Twitter and everyone just says how he did it again. And that's Awesome. Yeah. What about you memes? I liked her draft. There's one question. We'll pick. See this is What we're saying. Everyone likes their draft. Didn't draft a defensive tackle though. Yeah. So not, not great because people are saying this was like a generational defensive line, defensive tackle Draft. That's kind of how I feel with the running backs in the bears. Like how do we not Get, did you draft players that ended in in B?


We did. We got, we got the fastest linebacker ever from Maryland. Actually. Our good friend Tom Ferelli thinks that maybe we drafted him to be the running back. Gotcha. Even though he doesn't play running back 'cause he's so Fast. I thought we got the fastest linebacker in the draft. Maybe. Maybe we both did Fast linebackers. Yeah, We got the most athletic linebacker. I think we did. So No. Is he as fast Reuben Hippolite Junior? I think we definitely got the most athletic line Second. I don't know if that's true. J Jihad Campbell definitely, definitely was. Oh, We're not talking about first round, But it's, it is a linebacker. Okay, well that's cheating to First round. I also think we were gonna draft Ur. I Think You think so? I I like how you say ur Sha Sha ur.


Yeah, they asked Howie Roseman after the draft if he was, if, because the Browns picked him. The Eagles were the very next pick. And we asked him after if he was gonna draft Shado with the next pick. Then he was like, we're not talking about people we didn't draft. We're only worried about the people that we did. Ooh. But he didn't answer the Question. How fast was your guy's linebacker? I just read that he was the fastest in the draft. Well It was his 40 time. I don't have it in front of me. My linebacker was 4.42. So maybe not the fastest, but that's pretty fucking fast. Okay. That's, I think ours was four five. Ooh. This guy was a six year senior and team captain. Oh, You better be if you're six Captain A senior.


You been there long Enough. Internet's also gone soft. 'cause Patriots drafted Kobe minor with So funny and Tweeted A minor. Yep. And they added, they got, they deleted it. Deleting It. That's bullshit. Great tweet. Great tweet. Great tweet. Why did, why would you delete it? You know how it, you know once, once the higher up are calling being like, what is This this? Yeah. One person. I don't understand how this works. All right, well you look up your guy's speed. What was your, what was your guy's name? Ka Madano. Kain Madano. He Sounds fast. Kain madano. He sounds fast. UCLA big. He sounds really fast. Let's see. Washington Commanders Dr 4, 4 4, 4 6 is what I'm looking at right now.


That is not as fast as my guy. Sorry. Looks like I got the fastest It said fastest linebacker in the draft. 4, 4, 6. But I, my guy went 4, 4, 2. So the So AI's lying. I'm, I'm seeing game speed right now. I got a guy, I got my guy catching a guy who runs a four four from behind some good. This is some good fucking linebacker talking. Oh Here we go. There's a YouTube video. Washington gets athletic freak in all Caps. So, so our good friend Tom Ferelli, he, there's a site called Relative Athletic Score where it has you ranked in your position group.


So you see this right here. PFT. So this is him as a linebacker and then this is him as a running back. He would basically be like a freak in all of the running back. I'm seeing an article right now. Madano ran a 4.46 second 40 yard dash making him the fastest linebacker at this year's combine. I Mean, I'm seeing that Reuben Hippolite the second ran a 4 4 2. Was that At, was that at the combine or pro day? What's your guy's relative athletic score on your guys? It's not great on the linebacker, but it's great if he was a running back. Well my guy's 9.88 on the relative athletic Score. He, he comps out as Saquon Barkley if he was a running back. That's pretty good. Oh, alright.


Well I mean yeah it might be. It might might've been his Pro day. I got a 9.83 relative athletic score. What was yours, max nine 9.88. Sorry about it. Yeah, nine point what what was your athletic Yeah, but you spent a first second. We were 40 yard dash was what? Nine point what? I'm just saying his score, his score was a 9.88. Mine was a 9.0 No, it's bad actually. Oh well it's 8.22 but it's a 9.2 is a running back. This all started because I said that I think that the Bears might have drafted a linebacker that's gonna be a running back per Tom Elli. He ran a 4 4 2 at his pro day. So That's probably where it's shorter, shorter hash marks. You, you, well you had the long fastest at, at the combine.


Alright. Other, any other draft things? They're all, all the draft grades. I, I basically came to the conclusion this weekend too. Like the only way that you can have a steal of the draft is you just have to draft a guy who's got problems like Mike Green to the Ravens. Everyone's like, steal the draft. It's like, well he is been accused for some shit. Yeah. So that's why he was the steal of the draft. Oh, there was another big moment on Thursday. I don't think we talked about it on the show, but we had foretold it. They did the draft, they did the NFL schedule release date. Release date. Yes. Yes. So on Thursday they unveiled it. The NFL schedule will be released on Wednesday, May 14th. So we have an official date on that yet.


I, I love, I just love the release date. Release date. Yeah. The pageantry of it all. It feels great. It feels great. Oh, I had two last things. One, I loved the Saint's pick of Quincy Riley because they had his superlatives up there and it was twitchy will gamble. Excellent competitiveness. So it sounds like basically me every Sunday when I drink too much coffee. Just ready to gamble. And then here's one that wanna feel old PFT. This came from at Mikey Sand Sandri. I don't think it's actually the right one. It's not one. Yeah, I saw that one. Wanna feel old? Tyler Schuck will officially be the last person drafted to the NFL born in the 1990s. Okay. That does make me feel old. Yeah. Now I I I don't know if that can be official because I'm sure there's an old Like what about me?


Yeah, There's an old player in college football right now that could maybe have like an incredible eighth year and, and and get drafted. But as of right now, What if I just like get in the gym hard, develop the leg, just work on my kicking game and also maybe enter the Make-A-Wish program and then at some point maybe I'll be drafted in the seventh round and I will be the last one drafted. Yeah. You know what the real want to feel old moment's gonna be when Kmar Jr. Retires. Mm. That is gonna make me feel old as fuck. Yeah. Or Asante Samuel Jr. Yeah. Or Frank Gore Jr. Yeah. There's gonna be some of those. Yeah. When you've seen their Role when the juniors start to go When you see their whole career and their dad's whole career.


Yeah. Overall good draft though. Shado Shado made everything interesting all the way till Saturday. He did. Like I know I was watching on Saturday being like, this has to happen eventually. I'm never gonna watch that prank call It it. The one actually, no, I don't know if they might have gotten the or original version was very glitchy 'cause it was ripped from a Twitch stream that was glitchy. So that that made it not as bad. But then I think they got a cleaner version that was, was bad. It was tough to watch. Very tough to watch. He'll be okay. It was he'll. He'll, he'll be fine And if he's not, he'll still be fine. Yeah, he's good. If he's not good in the NFL, he'll still be fine. He's gonna be okay. He'll be fine. The, the the draft party room with the legendary and everything, that in retrospect, was that the worst draft party ever?


That was the worst draft party ever. That was the the worst draft. Well, except for Shiloh. It was, Shiloh didn't really have a draft party. He just was at Shado. Yeah. But he made it so much more fun than it would've been. Yeah. It was funny when he said, yeah, I kind of fired my dad as my agent. 'cause he hasn't been doing a good job. So hired an agent. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He did have a good sense of humor. That quote when he said, yeah, he is like, if they're gonna make him wait, what are they gonna do to me? Yeah. Oh, we gotta we gotta mention the Jaguars gm, which we mentioned on Thursday night, but then he did, he doubled down. Yeah. The press conference an all time. Just chill out man here. Oh, I disagree. I he's crazy. I I liked it though. Yeah. This, he did a great job of just, just gassing up his guy.


But here's the problem. James Gladstone seems like a really nice guy. He's 34 years old. You don't, it does feel like he's trying a little too hard to be something that he maybe isn't yet. But I'm thinking maybe he is. Maybe he is his visionary. All right, here's James Gladstone, the Jaguar's GM talking about Travis Hunter's introductory press conference. So as we sit here, Travis Hunter is a Jacksonville, jaguar and really what comes to mind for me, right? Thinking about the sport of football, I don't only cast his Right. Really the power of the game itself. Right. It's capacity. We have the rights to ignite belief. Right. Belief in ourselves. Belief in others.


Right. Belief in achieving. Right. Yeah. There's too many rights. I didn't hear the rights earlier. Impossible. Travis Hunter, he embodies belief, right? He's a rare person. Person. He's a rare player. But he's also a reminder that the boundaries of the game of football were built to be challenged. I kind of like it. And so the decision to select him was actually a statement. A statement for how we plan to move. No pressure on this, isn't we? This isn't just a draft pick And we Want him Yeah. To be nothing more than him because when he is Yeah, he elevates his space around. No. Yeah. No. Alright, so no, no. That ending Max, that was Kamala speaking.


No, no. When he elevates, when we move forward, no, we have to move past. But what he saying about Travis is like, be, we didn't know that humans were capable of doing this. Travis has hurt his whole life. This is impossible to do. And he's like, I don't give a fuck. I like everything about this speech except for the rights when he throws in all those rights and he nods his head. That's a, that's a trick. He's doing a trick on you. I think, I think bro just took a little too much ance. That's all. I think this is good. I Loved it. I that had me ready to believe in the Jags. Like this isn't about football anymore. It's Not bigger than football. This, this Is about life. This is about the universe, the Belief in people. This Is about the possibilities that humans have inside them. If you don't listen to the voice telling you no, play Back the last 10 seconds.


Tell me that's not, that's a Kamala Harris campaign slogan to move This sounds like a politician Was actually a statement. A statement for how we plan to move who we are And we want him to be nothing more than him. Him. Yeah. Because when he is, he elevates the space around. That's, That makes sense to me. I gotta admit that makes sense to me. I Agree. You could just be like, he's really fucking good at football. Well, What he's saying is like, we're losers, but with this guy around, he has the potential to make us not lose. That Was an awesome delivery. Yeah. Listen, his timing was flawless. I, I'm in on this guy. If I ever have to get introduced at any big occasion, I want this guy next to me.


Yeah. Grabbing the mic and being like, just Saying right before, Before PFT gets out here, I just wanna say a few things about him. This guy is the ultimate, ultimate bro. Like this guy. Right? Yeah. Right, right, right. The right stuff does feel a little slim. Right, Right. It's like corporate speak. Also, he could just be simply being like a perfect shield for Liam Cohen because when he starts going, you're like, that other guy seems fine now. I was waiting for him to try Duval. Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. I mean Travis Hunter is that good. So maybe he's he's right on it. Alright. Any other draft things? Draft is complete. That means football's getting close. Feels good. May Fourteenth's our next football where we get to football schedules.


I, I do like when they, they show the behind the scenes phone calls and most of 'em are just like, pretty boring. Yeah. Just like the GM being like, we'd really like you man. How would you like to be an Oakland Raider? And then the player being like, yeah, yeah, I'd like that very much. So thanks coach. And then it's like goosebumps as the title for it. It's a pretty, pretty normal call. Yeah. But you can also, it's, it also there is a awkwardness when they, when they'll pass it to like six different people. Yeah. Like, all right, we're gonna get you on now with your, with the, the president of football ops. Alright, now it's the gm. Now we got your position coaches. Yeah. Here's the o team owner wants to talk to you. The Owner. Yeah. You're just passing the phone along. It's like, everyone's just like, Hey man, you ready to get going? He's Like, you Ready to get out here?


Yeah. I'd really like to get back to my party. Crack up here and get my dick sucked. That's Okay. You ready to get going? Okay. Let's talk some playoffs before we do that.


Still blue. The weather's heating up. So stay cool with still Blue Cold Brew. Introducing our newest cold brew variety. Ms. Peaches blend. It was a hit in the hot coffee. Now we're making it in the cold brew. It's a hundred percent Colombian. A hundred percent delicious. And the best part, every purchase helps homeless pets find their forever homes. Make better, fresher, cold brew at home in just three easy steps. You steep refrigerate. Enjoy. It's so easy to make the cold brew at home. You just put it in your picture. Put the pi, put the pods or the bags in water, throw it in your fridge. You have cold brew all week. And now we have Ms. Peaches Cold brew. So grab Ms. Peaches now@stillbluecoffee.com and use promo code PMT for 20% off your orders of $25 or more. Ordered by April 29th to Guarantee Delivery by Mother's Day. Sip with purpose all summer long with the Ms. Peaches cold brew now@stellabluecoffee.com.


Okay. Playoffs boys. Lemme just say this, I know there's a certain sect of the internet, our audience that might be like NBA boring. These NBA playoffs have been incredible outside of the Cavs heat and the Thunder Grizzlies. Every, every series has had a moment and every series has had some bad blood and felt awesome to watch. We had a great weekend of off basketball. Where do we wanna start? You wanna start on Saturday? Yeah, let's start on Saturday. Yeah. Let's, you know what? Let's just get, No, let's not start, start on Saturday. Why? Because Celtics lost on Friday. Oh, start on sa It's Sunday, dude.


Oh, I mean you can't, I Forgot about Friday. P ft. Come on. You're Kind of, don't bring me into this like I'm a Hank hater. You see that? You see what you're trying to do right here, Hank? Yeah. It's Sunday. Alright, what Would you like to talk about on Friday? It's all about the most, Most recent game. We just, I hated that that game was on Friday max. I hated That game was on Friday. Max brings up a good game. Three. This, the mighty Celtics do not look like the mighty Celtics. They look very, Very Well. No, max, here's the problem Is that are a good team. And I said before the series that they matched up bad for the Celtics. This does hurt your under two and a half losses. Correct. But the problem max is, is that they Incorrect So much time has passed that they managed to erase that with a win today.


Say it again. So much time's passed that they managed to erase that with a win today. Yeah. Still a tight, like a tight game that it's It's the playoffs. The magic are good. I never, I never overlooked this magic team. They got some good players. They can't shoot Threes. You said two and a half total losses. What do you mean? You never overlooked this magic team? They're both to the magic. Yeah. Hank's not wrong Yet. If the magic can get some shooters, they could, they could win the Eastern Conference in the future. Yeah. Paolo and Franz are awesome. They can't shoot. Yeah. It's actually like, I, I think, I think my lucky stars every game just being like, well if, if the ball's not in Paolo or or his hands, they're not gonna not gonna score. So are you, are you at all nervous about the future, the magic? You're up three won, you're gonna win game five, you're going, We're banged up.


Sellers are banged up. And the magic, the magic had been mucking it up as they've said, They'll bang you up more brown, Dislocated his finger, gotta hurt knee tatum's, gotta hurt wrist Drew holiday's not even playing. Why Is Drew Holiday not playing? He's been, he was injured at the end of the year too. Oh, Hamstring. Chris Steps says a vagina on his forehead. So we're banged up, but I feel, I feel good. Okay. If, if we can, we'll get to Sunday, but if like, well Let's do pmm MT time capsules. They Just do the thing where they just give the games to other teams. Like we might be in trouble. Let's go back in time real quick. All the way back to Friday night. How did you feel on Friday night? Friday night? It, it was, it was, we were missing our threes not playing well, couple missed calls.


Here's and there, but it was a game we should have won. I, I didn't feel great about it. Okay. So there Max, are you good with that Friday night. Yeah, that's fine. I do When you, when we do when there, it's a Friday, Sunday game and I I feel like the Sunday game is, yeah. You, you erased your sadness. You're back. Yeah. The Thunder Grizzlies was just credit to us. We said we're not gonna talk about the Thunder until the next round. And we don't have to because they are in the next round. They're the first team to switch their ticket to the next round. Also, cabs, heat, that's just over. Just get it outta my face. Let's move on. There was one in each one in the Eastern conference.


One in the Western conference. Just don't even care. Just fucking go to the next. It was the one seats, the Nuggets Clippers game on Saturday. This series is so good. And this is where, this is kind of where I I, my opening statement, if you're not watching this series, you just are saying you have a preconceived notion about the NBA that you're not gonna move off of. Because this has been one of the most entertaining series. We're only four games in this game had a 22 point comeback. And the only reason the comeback wasn't completed was the closest buzzer beater you could possibly ever have by Aaron Gordon who dunked in Yoko's Airball.


They didn't even have an angle on it, on the broadcast for forever. So they had the one that they tried to stop frame by Frame. Oh. They shot the worst angle And the frame by frame was all off. The frames were too long. You could probably talk on that Hank about like frames it was it 60 frames per second or whatever. But it wasn't enough frames. They played this one in super slowmo, but they never even paused that one to see. It was just like playing all the way through. It was as close as humanly possible. I recorded it on my TV with my phone and my phone set on Slowmo and then I stopped it and I still wasn't sure about it. Yeah. 'cause it turns out the bottom corner of the basket lights up slightly before Yep. The rest of the basket. And they had to go to like Hawkeye technology. Bottom line is whatever they called on the court, that was probably gonna end up standing 'cause it can't possibly get closer.


Yep. But I have, I have a question for you. And Hank and I were discussing this a little bit before. How is it possible that the Aaron Gordon dunk at the end was a buzzer beater and also a game winner? Because the, the clock stops when the basket is scored. Correct? I think it's when the ball hits the ground. When it, I don't think it's, when it touches the ground. 'cause I tried to look this up and I I could not find a definitive statement on when exactly the clock stops. I think it's when it, I don't think it's when it hits the ground. So then when is it? I don't know. It could be when it goes through the cylinder, the entirety of the ball goes through the cylinder or when the entirety of the ball goes through the bottom of the net.


But remember, remember Deandre aans the value that if you watch that one back the ball, like there was, they maybe could have even put a, a 0.1 second left. But I think it's when the ball hit the ground. 'cause it was, there was still time left on the clock when it went through the hoop. But this is Yeah, but I, I think that was a little bit different. Why? 'cause this, That was a dunk to end the game. No, that wasn't a dunk. This this was the first, this was the first dunk that was a buzzer, a true buzzer beater dunk since 1998. Yeah. I I'm pretty sure that Deandre Aon dunked that. Did he not? That's a dunk.


That was a dunk. It Said that this was the first buzzer beater dunk since 1998. Yeah. Whoever said that I they might've forgotten the value. We gotta respect the value. Espn.com. Yeah. I mean, how is this not a dunk? The val oop was a dunk. Am I, am I going crazy? Am am I'm looking at it. That's a, that's a dunk. Yeah, That looks like a dunk. Yeah. And either Way, but so, so what I'm saying is though, if I, if it is when the ball goes through the cylinder, then it would be, it should be impossible for that to be a made basket and also for time to be completely off the clock at that point. Because I don't really understand what you're saying. Because The ball has to leave your hands. Right. Right. If it's still touching any part of your finger, then it's no good If the buzzer is sounded right, if the light went on the second, the ball leaves his finger.


Right. That's like it, when it goes in the net on a dunk, it's like simultaneous. Right. Like the basket has been scored when it leaves your hand. Right. So it should be impossible for that to, for that to be the very, at the very least, there should be like 0.0, 0, 0 0. There should be more than zero seconds left on the clock. At that point. I'm not following It's Schrodinger's Cat. I'm not following. I'm sorry. You get it right. I'm not following what you guys are talking about. Yes. I I I am following. It depends on the ruling of, of the, the hoop. But technically, yeah, if it's, if you're saying it's a buzzer beater, then it also shouldn't count. What?


I don't follow any of this. Okay. Are you guys trying to get it so that My bet doesn't count? No, no. I did, I did laugh though when I was telling Hank I would be like, that would be the worst way to lose a ever. It feels Like you guys were having a private conversation to get I I promise you Stephen, she gave us, gave me a Bet. It had nothing, it had nothing to do with your bet. Will there A, it Was just about there if there's time. So they're saying there, there was time on the clock when the ball left his hands. Correct. Yeah. Okay. So then if at that same time is when the basket counts, then there should be time to throw an inbound pass. Try to get a foul with like no time left on the clock essentially. I still don't understand. I know that if there's less than 0.1, they don't like the game's over. Like you can't inbound it. I mean it's, what is it? It's like 0.4. You can't inbound it and grab the ball, but You could get a foul.


I still don't understand. Do you guys understand? Am I the only one who's dumb or do you guys understand what they're saying? It's Basically just fractional seconds after fractional seconds, but after. But there's just that they don't do fractional seconds. It's like if it was a like racing, like you want like racing, You guys have found a way to like ruin the coolest moment ever. I don't even understand what's going on. No, it's just embracing The Yeah, that was, that play was so awesome. It was just a question. It was, it was awesome. It was great to watch. I didn't think about it until about two hours later. Yeah. And, and then I was like, wait, so they're saying that the ball left his hands and simultaneously scored when there was time on the clock, but now there's not time on the clock anymore. Yeah. How Okay. Like the, like a buzzer beater.


A buzzer beater is different. 'cause there's a shot that's already left his hand. Right. So the clock expires when the ball's in the air before it goes through. No, but that doesn't, no, it just has to leave their hand before. Yeah. Yeah. That's What I'm saying. But, but it could also Buzzer sound so there's no time on the clock to inbound it after. But there's been buzzer beaters where the ball's going through when the buzzer count, when the buzzer goes off. Right. But if it goes through and then the buzzer goes off afterwards, then the clock is stopped. When the shot is made, they review it. Yeah. I Think it, I think it's, It comes down to like, there was 0.0, 0, 0 0 1 second left on the clock and they were just like, no game over. But it was awesome. It was incredible game. And whatever you say, like I Do think if you sh I think if a ball is going through the basket and with 0.1 before it hit the ground, they would end the game.


Right? Yeah. Watch the value. Watch the, like he literally dunked it and there was, I don't know, 0.1 second left. When it goes through, find the actual, the actual like play of it. Not, not a, a replay, not that, just Google it max Google value and you'll be able to see the highlight. Ah, also this game was, yo its just reminding everyone that he's the best player in the world because he was, if he had his teammates stink. Now Aaron Gordon was incredible with that, with that. Watch this Ready, he dunks it. There was still, the ball was all the way through and there was still like a second, like a 0.1 left and it was game Over.


So it might not be until it hits the ground then, right? Because Alright. Case close. Yeah, because I think that's, I I I mean I, I remember that play very well. Oh, there's our guy Pep Bev. 'cause that was why I was confused. I saw the, the stat about the dunk and I was like, the value definitely happened. Yeah. So that Stat, it turns out originally the NBA said it was the first game winning buzzer beating, dunk in the playoffs since the play Byplay era began in 1997. Maybe it's not technically a dunk. 'cause it was an inbound pass. I don't fucking know. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. But yeah, this game was Yoic being like, I am the best player in the world. He had 36, 21 and eight, which is just insane. And everyone around him watched Ready and see there was Did they put time back on?


No, they didn't. That was, that was the end of the game. That was the last play of the game. If you look at the box score, like Jamal Murray was five for 17. Christian Brown was eight for 19. I wonder if if Joch had guys who could shoot around him, he would have so many more sis. Yeah. I mean there, there have been times in the last couple years where he has guys that can get hot on the outside. Yeah. Like Porter is capable of doing it. Yeah. Porter has played better, but it's just, it's, it like Yoic had to basically carry his team and then obviously the Clippers with like Norman Powell and, and, and Kauai and James Harden. Everyone's playing like 22 point comeback to have it end like that.


What? It's an insane series. It's insane game. Insane series. I I hope it goes seven. It's so much fun to watch. I love it when Yoic gets the ball on. The shot clock is about to expire and he just does like three different pivot foots and then ends up jumping backwards and throwings. He throws like a soccer inbound pass over his head. Yeah. And just swishes. Yeah. And you can't do anything about it. And the series got a little chippy. Yeah. It's it's been fun. Yeah. Yeah. We had the James Harden pu step back push Harden looked like he was ready to square up too. So Balled up the fist. Initially, the, when he pushed, who'd he push Aaron Gordon? Or was it, or was it, I think he pushed Eric Chrisy Braun. He stepped back very quickly and I was like, oh, that's kind of a pussy move. But then as the clip goes on he did, he did square up the entire Nuggets team.


Yeah. He was ready to go. Which is very funny. And we also have, this series has given us peak bomber, which every fucking owner should act like bomber. Like the, he lives and dies with every single possession. That's how I want your my owner React. I agree. And in this game it was just, it was an insane game. It was insane. So Denver went, they had 35 points to 17 in the third quarter against the Clippers. And then in the fourth quarter, the Clippers outscored the nuggets. 34 to 16. Yeah. Like leads, They 22 point, they were down 22 points start. There are no leads To, to start the fourth quarter. And they just kept on chipping away. But yeah, this has been in Incre and I did hit that 31, which was Steven Cha shout out to Steven Cha.


He needs his, the guy's the dumbest person I know. But hitting a 30 to one on the closest buzzer beater possible is something I'll remember for the rest of my life. Saturday Night Warriors Rockets, Steph Curry. Steph Curry is just, he just, Remi here's, here's what Steph Curry's doing right now. Jimmy Butler's out. He's playing with a bunch of guys who are, they're no disrespect to him, but like this game basically came down to Gary Peyton being able to run a perfect pick and roll with Steph Curry for the entire fourth quarter. And Gary Peyton deserves a lot of credit. 'cause like the way he was short rolling his attacking the hoop that he needed, they needed one guy who could, who could do that with Steph Curry because they couldn't score in the first half.


And Steph had two points through a quarter and a half, and he ended up with 36. This is what Steph Curry's doing though. He's 37 years old. Steph Curry broke and demolished the rockets. The James Harden Rockets, the Chris Paul, Clint Capella, those rockets in I think the, I think 2015. He beat them on his way to his first title. And then of course in this the famous seven game series. What was that? I think it was 2018 or 2017, whatever year that was when it went seven. And the Rockets, remember they shot like two for 30 from three. Yep. He de he demolished the, the Houston Rockets. The Rockets then bottomed out three years in a row.


They averaged 19 wins. They have rebuilt themselves into a very talented young team that should be good in the west for a long time. And guess who's still there demolishing these new rockets, Steph Curry. Yeah. It's very, that's so brutal. Very frustrating. That's So fucking brutal. They literally went through an entire rebuild and the guy who who who, who tore them down the first time is still standing there tearing them down this time Also, you know, who's gonna be the happiest guy in the world when LeBron retires is Steph Curry? Yeah. Because then he can be like, thank God, now I can retire. Yeah. I'm, I'm 30 was he's 36, 37, 33, 7 37. Still doing this. He can't retire right now because everyone's like, LeBron's still playing.


What's your excuse? Yeah. Second LeBron's gone. Steph's gonna be like, yep. Okay. Time to rest these ankles. I know it's very simplistic and it sounds, it's not like it's a no duh thing, but when you watch Steph play, it's not even his shots, which are so incredible. By the way, one of the coolest things in all of sports is when Steph hits one of his dagger threes and he knows it's good and he starts running back before it goes through. He did that with like three minutes left when they were up six and he just turned around. And that's, to have that confidence and know that it's gonna happen is so awesome. But like Steph and, and the amount of, the amount of, of like eyeballs on him and how much energy they have to take to defend him and the gravity he pulls on the court just makes everything else so much easier.


You just, you watch it. Even when he is not scoring, there's a reason why there's a guy cutting free to the basket. It's because Steph Curry's out there and they can't leave him alone for a second. Yeah. You know that it's about to be the turnaround shot when he does the thing where he like spreads his like legs out a little bit Yep. In midair as he is hitting it. Yep. Turns his body. He knows it the instant it leaves his hands. Yeah. And then he just, he takes his mouthpiece, chews on it, steps back smiles. He knew it was in, you knew it was in you're dead. It was awesome. So yeah, and shout out Gary Peyton because he was very, very good and he, that pick and roll was deadly. And it's like they without Jimmy Butler, they're, they need someone to step up. And this series still has a lot left. So it's not like the Warriors have won, but I, I do feel like Steph, 'cause we don't know how much longer he is gonna play.


You have to enjoy those. Like Saturday night was one of those, holy shit, we get to watch Steph Curry play basketball. This is so much fun. The rockets also look too young. Like if this game goes Six or seven, it's That's what I was saying. They, they, they don't have what it Takes. They, this is what the NBA is. You have to, you have to go through the wars to climb the mountain. Like, and guess what? Fred Van Fleet shouldn't be shooting the ball 14 times or whatever he did. And they lost their cool little after you see Draymond and Jalen Green go at it. Yeah. It looked like Jalen Green actually wants to like kill Draymond. Yeah. Which y that is a win for Draymond. And I'm not defending Draymond because he's done some very questionable things. But if you are at a point after the game that you're so mad at Draymond that you're jaw with him and you look like you're that upset, Draymond is walking back to the locker room and literally saying to everyone, Hey, we got him.


Yeah. Also, I would say that with Draymond, if he can take Jalen Green out of a game Right. While also him getting outta the game, that's, that's a win for the Warriors. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. Sunday, Nick's Pistons, Carl Anthony Towns good for him. He's the difference. Just bombing it from downtown. He is the diff and and I say he's the difference. Cade Cunningham is phenomenal. Cade Cunningham had a triple double. Jalen Brunson is phenomenal. He had 32 and 11 assists. The Pistons don't have a Carl Anthony Towns and Nicks do like he is the ne when you have another guy, that's why they traded for him his last two minutes where he hit a three, he hit a fade away on the baseline where he was basically outta bounds and then he hit another three.


That's the difference in this series that they have a Carl Anthony Towns because Cade and Jalen are just so Great. And this game was fun to watch from the start. It, the announcer said it a couple times. I agree. It was watching a nineties basketball playoff game. They didn't Call Shit. They didn't call shit. There were so many fouls. It seems like every layup, some guy was getting hammered on his arms, getting bodied into the ground. No foul, get up, get back down the court. They didn't call shit the entire game. The very last shot of the game Yeah. I will say was a foul. Yeah. They missed that. The NBA said Yeah, the NBA said it after the fact. Yeah, It was, that's insane. It was pretty, they should, I don't even know what they should have do, but that's, that's sickening It, it's meaner that they said Yes, we missed it afterwards. Yes, Absolutely. Yes. They should just say no, it wasn't a foul. I mean, if they had said, Hey, we didn't call any fouls all day, that's why we didn't call that, that would've been a better response by the NBA because I was like, when it happened in real time, I was like, well, yeah, of course they didn't call it, they, they literally haven't called fouls.


But yeah, you should be, you should be pissed if you're a Pistons fan. You and rightfully so. Because that was a foul. It Was clearly a foul. It was, it was full body contact altered the shot. It wasn't even like the guy didn't fate him into doing it. He might have not tried to jump out of the way Right. And avoid it, but it was very clearly a foul. So I do feel bad for Pistons fans. That's a tough break if You commit a crime and get away with it, but then admit later that you did it, you can still get charged with it. Right. Depends on what crime statute of limitations. Damn. I was gonna say, What crime were you about to commit to? No, start it back up. Start the game back up. Yeah. And this has nothing to do with you just wanting to piss and play or the Knicks to play more games. No, I like, imagine if this happened to the Bulls or the, or the Wizards.


Yeah. That's, I wast Capital. I was at Capital. I wasn the Bulls. No bullshit. I Pistons fans have every right to be bullshit as I was watching it. I guess I I probably phrased it wrong when I, I cheated right after the game. But I wasn't surprised just because they didn't call anything on a game. Like they were consistently were not calling fouls. They turned fouls off, which was crazy. But yeah, no Pistons, pistons fans have every right to be upset because it was bullshit. Yeah. Those refs should be fired if they don't wanna do their job Fired. They Right. They did their job. They're There, they're there to call fouls. Did you feel this passionately If this was a Western conference game? Yeah, absolutely. I think the fact that, like I would it, them admitting that it was a foul is so much worse to me.


I agree. Was driving me insane and I, again, I had no skin in the game. But that's infuriating. Yeah. Just don't say anything or be like, oh, you know, there was incidental contact. Not enough to call Foul. Just lie. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just happy for Kat, he almost got in a fight. I would need to see that the zest iest fight possible. Yeah. I I do like watching Kat play offense. Yeah. And you know what he is, he's contributing a lot more on defense now too. He's He's trying hard. Yeah. He's, but this is why I dare I say it. I actually think, 'cause we'll talk about the Lakers Warriors or Lakers, Timberwolves, I think it might've been one of those trades where both teams kind of did better off because Julius Randall adds like a toughness and a bully ball aspect that the wolves can use when Anthony Edwards needs help and Kat can disappear at moments.


But the Knicks needed another offensive weapon that could be like, Hey, I can take this from him. Yeah. So it's not just Jalen Brunson going iso. Right. And, and like try to drive into everyone's face And I'm gonna, I credits it. I, I said after game two that Jalen Brunson, when he f Bates, it's hard to watch. He, I feel like it has not been as egregious recently and he's passed the ball a lot better. Like, you can see that they did not, they did not go just straight iso like they did in game two. And when he's playing like that, he was phenomenal. I mean, he's an incredible player and he, he took over as well. Yeah. That cat turn turnaround on the baseline where he, he was, he was basically out of bounds when he Yeah. When he hit that. That was an insane, insane play. Are you at all worried about the Knicks?


No. Okay. That's good. Ping bong. Are you worried about Ping bong too? I'm worried about the rest. I'm worried about the NBA. I'm worried about what's going on there, but, Oh, okay. Got it. So you're thinking that this is part of the, this is rigged. That game is clearly rigged And so what do they do to you? It was bullshit. It's question. It's, I'm, that's, if you're, my concern levels are much higher for that than the actual Knicks or fucking Jerry O'Connell. Okay. Wow. Fucking cheerio call. Damn. The Lakers are in trouble. I think that this is gonna go to the distance though. You do? I think so. Anthony Edwards was so good and he's like, his decision making has gotten so much better.


What did he end up with? 43? It was over 40. Yeah, I think he had 43. And listen, that game was fun at the end because LeBron couldn't get the ball in bounds. Then fouled Anthony Edward Edwards, which I don't know if the Lakers got screwed or maybe JJ Reddick screwed that up. But the way it worked was the Lakers called the time out to get the ball to half court. Yep. And the Timberwolves called a challenge within 30 seconds of the timeout won the challenge and then the Lakers lose their timeout. Yeah. I don't know. I don't understand.


Yeah, that well that's what what's hap what happened? Yeah. So it was like, I don't know if, I don't know if the, if JJ should have waited to see if they were gonna challenge before using his timeout. Well, JJ was also, he was upset after the game and he said that the refs missed a call in Luca. He says that Luca Luca Doni doesn't just fall down. Yeah. I don't know if you've seen Luca Doni play before. Doesn't, well he also was sick on Friday. It doesn't, but then on Saturday he slept all day. All day, all day, all day. Sh Shams had a report. Yep. He was like, here's what Luca did all day. And I, I clicked the video to be like, what did Luca do all day? He slept and he literally was like, he slept all day, all day on Saturday. He hibernated on Saturday. It was the weirdest report ever. Can you find the clip Max?


Because it was, I I clicked on it being like Luca Doni found some cryo chamber alternative medicine. Yeah. And was, and was cured of the flu in some miraculous way. Shams literally just had a report that he slept all day play it Asked that he's feeling much better. And outside of a team meeting and individual treatment. I'm told Luca, Dante spent all of Saturday sleeping in his bed, which is something he could Not do with the music coming on on Thursday and Friday when he was dealing with a viral bug. But he played through it Friday. He couldn't do it on Thursday and Friday. He's feeling a lot stronger. He is ready to go for game four today after spending all of Saturday pretty much sleeping in bedridden in, in his bed.


Okay. All right. Thanks. Appreciate that. That's a long time to sleep. Yeah, that would mess me up for the next day, all day. He couldn't do that Thursday and Friday. No. Couldn't sleep Saturday all day in his bed. Good for him. Yeah. Good for him. I I I have a problem with the Lakers. You can't have two mask guys. Yeah, they do. You have one's gotta go. Yeah. You can only have one mask guy per team during the playoffs. I also, this is like a, the Lakers just don't have, they don't have a full team. Well, no. They played their entire lineup the second half. See I know. It was crazy. It was crazy. Also, we might be late to this, but LeBron James definitely dies as beard. Yeah. Yeah. You can see the outside peeking through the, the grays coming out. He's like that Ryan Day shit.


Yeah. Ryan Whitney. Shit. Whoa, whoa. What? Whoa. Just going after breaking news. No, I'm just kidding. LeBron stat line also was very funny because he scored 27 points. How many field goals do you think he hit? Oh, not, he shot a lot of foul shots. 12. He hit five shots. He went five for nine for 27 points. He went 15 for 18 at the free throw line. Yeah. He was good from the line tonight. He Was very good from the line. I mean, he, he was still, I mean that block he had was incredible. That was like old school, LeBron. I mean he's still, he's, he still can do everything. It's just they don't have, they don't have enough guys. They really don't, they don't have enough size for the wolves.


And no subs. No subs. No subs. Crazy. When, when one's a guy who spent all day in bed and the other guy's 40 and you played on Friday. Right. Right. That's, that's insane. Insane. So I think yeah, the wolves hit the IU because the wolves are, they're, they're a problem. Do you hate aj Hank? Do you hate aj? Hank? No. Okay. Good. You don't hate jj. I love jj. Okay. You love jj. Yeah. Julius Randall though. You, you guys like, he, It is weird because both him and Kat seem to be playing harder on defense. Right. But, But they switched just to different teams. And Julius Randall has a little bit of that shit to him where he like, he could be like, yeah, you know what, I'm just gonna be a bully for a little bit here.


Where Kat maybe wouldn't do that as much. Yeah. Ju sous Randall's always a bully. Yeah. Right. But that, that was kind of what they were missing. Not that Kat's a better offensive player than Julius Randall, but the way Julius Randall could be like, no, you know what? Fuck this, I'm gonna take this. The wolves kind of need that a little bit. I agree. And Nas Reed hit some big threes. Yeah. The wolves are Anthony Edwards just, he's he's just gotten, he's gone up another level. We've got some more Face of league discussion Yeah. Going on right now with Anthony Edwards. I, I do like how he's like not afraid to do anything, dude. He goes, everyone, everyone. And he talks shit to him and, And he makes, I feel like his decision making is is better than it was last year too. Yeah. He's more in control. Right. He's more in control, knows when to pass super explosively, knows how to read defenses.


But yeah, he, the, the, the last possession where they called the review, which this is the other thing that I feel like the Lakers might have gotten a little screwed on. 'cause like the original review, the announcer said, or the ref said was for bought a bounds and then they reviewed it and saw that he LeBron fouled Them. That was another one where they brought Hawkeye in. Yeah. That's a camera. And it was incredible. I've never seen before they just said, okay, you know what, we're gonna bust this out. I know it's gonna look weird under your tv, but Yeah. We can see something that we, we were unable to see before. Yes. Because I was watching the review and I thought, well that's clearly out of bounds on Anthony Edwards. Same. Very clearly. And then they're like, Nope. From the, from the drone camera angle that we have above, we can zoom in on LeBron's hand and it clearly hits Jimmy Butler's half brother's hand.


Yeah. So yeah, it's gonna be foul starting LeBron. Yeah. Yeah. That was the Hawkeye was crazy there. But yeah, that play was like Dante di di Vincenzo who also had some big moments driving the lane. And then Anthony Edwards just basically driving it with him and him just handing him the ball and then LeBron did the foul. So you think it's gonna go seven? I think so. Okay. Hey, look, I'll respect the call, I think, and that I, I, I'll say this, that might be halfway into me wanting it to go seven. I'll Say this, I think the Lakers are like, I would maybe even game of the year, the Lakers in game five. Yeah. That's probably what I'm getting at is I feel like it, it's definitely gonna go six. Right. And then I think that this is an Adam Silver situation. Oh, interest LeBron game seven numbers.


Well that's, that basically will decide who's to face the league. That's True. Because Adam Silver wouldn't do it for, If it goes seven, that means that LeBron is still the face Of the league. Still the face Or Luca is, or possibly Luca. Yeah. Alright. What other, oh, the Celtics. You feel, feel we can, how'd the game go today? It's good. Hard fought. Hard fought game. The magic our, our our tough team. Okay. We Battled, we won Closed out what? Tuesday? Wednesday? Yeah. And then the Bucks are done. Yeah. Dame, I think Torres Achilles sucks. Yep. The Pacers are just better. Yep. Pacers are a fun team.


They play with Pace. They're, I I I said it what last week? I think the Pacers I think, I think the Pacer's Calve is gonna be a more competitive series than people think. So I, I put a lot of respect on the Pacers, but the Bucks Dame tearing his Achilles is like, it already was nightmare time for the Bucks. Now it's like, where, where's Giannis going? I mean, it Just sucks that Dame, he comes back from blood clots and you're like, yeah, go out there. Play the full game twice in a row. Yeah. Pops the Achilles now he's done. Yeah. I just feel, I feel bad. I feel really bad. I feel really bad. 'cause it feels like that also sucked a lot of the bad blood outta the series. Yeah. Although Hal Burton was going after Bobby Porters, which seems like a mistake.


Hal Burton strikes me and he is a very good player. And I, I respect the fuck outta the Pacers, Hal Burton. I feel like he talks a lot of shit only when they're winning. Yeah. I don't know if he's, I don't know if I've seen him do that when they're like struggling. Yeah. Or trying to like, fire up the team in that type of situation. You know what I mean? He Is a little goofy. Little, little goofy with the, with the shit talking. But yeah, the Pacers are good. I I like all their starters are in, we're in double figures tonight. Again. Feels like they have just guys every, everyone can contribute. I'm excited for the Pacers Cav series. I wanna talk some puck. PFTI gotta hear everything about Friday night. I mean, Friday was a long time ago. We can talk about Today's case.


No, but you were there. I, I'm not, I I wasn't saying that because of a loss. I'm saying that because I need to hear about you and oldie in Montreal. I cannot wait for this video. All right. So a couple things. One that is the loudest building I've ever been in in my life. That is, that's louder than Death Valley. LSU on a Saturday night. It was their first First home game playoff game in eight years, I think Eight or nine years. Because they Went to the Stanley Cup final in the covid year. Yeah. Yeah. So they haven't, they haven't had a home crowd there. Obviously. It's a huge hockey town. Like they care very deeply about the Canadiens there. And it is the loudest stadium I've ever been in in my life. I was amazed from, from the time I walked in until the time that I left. Like, they're pissed off. They're loud, they're super knowledgeable.


It's crazy. So immediately the game starts, the entire crowd starts chanting Thompson at our goalie. And then later on in the game, Thompson got hurt, got taken off the ice five seconds later by some guy. They, yeah. By Stromer, unfortunately. But they started chanting the name of the backup goalie just as loud. They knew, they knew the backup goalie's name and were prepared with a chant form. Right. Immediately, anytime there was like a turnover or just a good pass, the crowd would erupt and go nuts to the point that I thought it was a penalty that had been called. It's like, no, they're just cheering on a good, like a small good play. Right. For their team. But yeah, they were, they were just an incredible crowd, incredible sports town. I don't want to go back up there.


Like, I want to close the series out. Yeah. At home now because like, that is a legitimately terrifying place to play hockey. How was, How was it being With oldie? So oldie is the best. Yeah. Obviously he's the best guy ever. Showed us around, took us out for some poutine. And I don't understand why poutine is not a bigger thing in the United States. So poutine is like the dish up in Quebec. It's french fries, it's gravy, it's cheese curds. And then they'll put like some meat on it or whatever. It's all the things that Americans love. Fried gravy, meat, cheese, that's like all of our food. What? Hang Sounds like a part of my cheesecake meal. Mm. We should do, we should do a poutine.


Poutine has the, isn't That what we like, have basically minus gravy? Well, that's cheese, not gravy, cheese Fries. But you can make gravy. Right. Anyways. Yeah, we, we definitely should try to do that. But the other thing about oldie is oldie is pretty much a hypnotist because the crowd, you could compare them to like an Eagles fan, you know, environment where they're, they're hostile towards outsiders. Right. Not like I ever felt like I was in danger or anything. But there would be people that would come up like aggressively being like, fuck you, fuck you. And Oldie has an ability to take anyone that's getting in his face. 'cause he was rocking a capitalist jersey. Yeah. Because he's a good guy. He has the ability to, within about a half second take a guy that wants to punch him in the face to the guy's now smiling and putting his arms around and be like, let me buy you a beer a half second.


I'm not, I'm not even kidding. This happened probably two dozen times over the course of the night. I thought old, he was about to get into an altercation, not from his own fault. Right. It somebody else that looked pissed off. And the next thing I know they're like slapping each other's backs and high five and taking a picture together. I love it. It's crazy. Oldie is the absolute best. So I had a great time hanging out with him, hanging out with Pug. Montreal's a great city. I'd like to go back. It feels very, very European up there. Yeah, it does. Like it's, it feels like you're in, you're in Paris a little bit. Did you go to a strip club? Did not go to a strip club. They're known for their strip clubs. Pug was like, please, can we go to a strip club? I would love to go to a strip club. I was like, down boy, down, down. No pug, no super sex pug was like, n the Nru massage. Let's go there. I was like, no pug. We can't do that. We're on the clock right now.


Yeah. One of Their, one of their most famous strip clubs is just called Supers Sex. So I heard about that place. I also heard it got shut down. I don't know if that's true. Somebody told me it got shut Down there. Oh no. Not super sex. So it's such a, Hey, how, how obvious could we make this supers sex super sex? That sounds like a translation. Like we, you know, like a French person was like, we need to sell sex. Yeah, Yeah. But no, it's such a cool city. First thing we did. Oh, it's abandoned. It's an abandoned sex do. Yeah, It is. Sex is spelled with an extra e on the end, so Oh, now it's called sex appeal. That's that's not as, that's not as direct. No super sex. That could be anything. Super sex is a Yeah. So yeah, it, it was great. First thing we did, we went out for poutine and then right after that we went on a walk up to the top of this mountain that overlooks the city of Montreal.


And if you go on a walk for like 20 minutes, then you're like, okay, I can do whatever I want. Yeah, of course. 'cause like I got my exercise in, saw a beaver felt real Canadian. That's cool. Beaver out in the wild. That was great. And yeah, just hung out with oldie. The video's gonna be coming out. Me pug oldie had a had a great time. I do not want to go back though. So I, dude, when I say it's loud, you've never experienced a sports environment. Like we've been in some very loud plays Before. This was fucking crazy. Yeah. Canadian hockey just doesn't even count when you do like loudest. Yeah. It's like it's already established. Yeah. That that's the loudest. So today you win. That was a little nervous game because going two, two would've been like, I still think Cap capturing win the series, but two two is a different ball ball game, right?


Yeah. Yeah. On, on Friday. It was a crazy game. And we never felt like we were gonna win that game because they outshot us. They were, they, there was so much like energy on the ice and that fight between Tom Wilson and, and I think Anderson at the end of the second period was all time into The Yeah, they go Bench, they go into the Caps bench. When the coach Spencer Carberry was trying to leave and he said after the game, he was like, yeah, I was trying to just get out and go back to the locker room, but I saw two large individuals coming through. So I figured I, I can't get out there. So then there was, it was just a crazy game. 200 goalies, it was nuts. And then today's game, it felt like the Canadiens had the upper hand. And then Tom Wilson pretty much changed hockey, changed the sport, much like Travis Hunter changed football.


Tra Tom Wilson changed the sport of hockey with one hit on in the open ice that led to a goal. And then He took that guy's soul. Yeah, that's, that's Tom Wilson baby. I, I love the fact that he's a capital. I would hate him if he wasn't. And I love him because he is, are People debating it? I saw some debate of it, but I defer to all things Paul Bissonnet. Yeah. When it, when it comes to any of these takes because you, you will see people playing the screenshot game. Of course. Especially with that. That's, that's when you know the Stanley Cup Playoffs are here. Is Tom Wilson's slowmo hit. Yeah. So you Can, let's debate It. You can do it that way. Or you could listen to Paul Binet and let me find his take. I want to get, I want to get the verbiage right.


If you think the Wilson hit was dirty, you're a fucking clown. And stop watching playoff hockey. Paul Binet Love it. He's played. Yeah. I think he has several playoff games. Alright. Other hockey we've had, we have some really good series Yeah. Out outside of the Carolina series where they're up three one and the Leafs, although the senators did win in overtime, which is good. 'cause I wanted the senators, when it's Canadian versus Canadian, it's like you gotta, you gotta let them Have won. Yeah. Well the other thing about being up in Montreal was during, they would play songs during breaks in the action. And most of the songs had a pause in them. And in that pause everybody in the stadium would just say, fuck the Oh, I love that.


They're, they're still things about The leaves. And it is like you're, what everything you've described is just an SEC game on ice. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. The Leafs lose in overtime to the Senators. By the way, we are gonna have some hockey this week, whether it be Biz Yandel or Whitney, just so that we can get a full, full picture because we're not a hockey experts. The avalanche tied a two two, which that Landeskog more goal. I don't know if you guys saw it. Yeah. His smile after that goal was just like sports rule. It was cool. 'cause he's, Whitney told us the story that he's basically been out for three years and he's their heartbeat, their captain, everything like that. He comes back, he scores and the relief and smile on his face.


And there was like people, there was, there was like a, a couple literally making out right after the goal with the Landeskog more jersey on. Yeah. This is like, this is, this is, this is sports rule. It Was a super cool moment. Yeah. Let me ask you a Question. And that series is gonna be a, it's two two right now. And it feels like, 'cause we've already had two overtime games in that Series. Let me ask you a question about the Leafs though. Yeah. What, what would you root for if I gave you these three options? Them to blow the three over Leafs win the Stanley Cup. Yeah. Leafs get swept in the second round or Leafs Blow a three. Oh serious. Lead against the Senators and get bounced. Yeah. Three. Oh I think, I think that's what I would take too. I don't think they're gonna blow this lead, but if you're a Leaf fan, it would losing in the, you You're thinking about it.


Yeah. And I think W Whitney had a stat that it's been like 25 years since Ale swept an opponent, which was the senators I think in like 2001. And they were that close. They were in overtime. But yeah, you, when you lose in overtime you're like, oh shit, here comes the doubts. Yeah. I I would also be happy if they won the Stanley Cup as long as they don't beat the capitals to get there. Yeah. Like it would be a cool story. I'd, I'd feel happy for Rob Ford's ghost and everybody in Toronto. It's funny 'cause when, but it's also, if they blow a three nothing lead to another Canadian team that as a fan of comedy, that that hits the sweet spot. I Feel like we are our American shows. 'cause I agree with everything you just said by the way.


I would be like, it'd be a cool story for the Leaf to win the Stanley Cup. If you talk to any Canadian who's not a Leaf fan, they're like, fuck you guys. Yeah. Why would you ever say that? You're basically rooting for the Yankees and Cowboys combined. Yeah. Which I understand. I get it. Yeah, I get it. I get it. But it would be a cool story. Yeah. Also, oldies the least fan, so I gotta I gotta support my guy. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna get oldie here for a live stream. We have to And then the, the Jets and Blues. The Blues fucking killed the Jets today. And the Jets, are they, they are the one seed, right? Yeah. Winnipeg. They won the President's trophy. Yeah. Right. Yeah. That's a two, two series. Yeah.


And it feels like who, what's going on here? Well, there's some, there's some questions about some of the gold tending. Yeah. That was, and the logo that was and the in the logo, that's kind of like the Knight's Wild series. The Knights I think were heavy favorites. They, they had to win in overtime to, to tie that series two Too. Well their goalie is one of the best goalies in the regular season, but he's consistently been one of the worst in the playoffs. Yeah. So we gotta He Might not be able to win the big one. It's hella Buck, right? Yep. Yeah. This is the Isn't isn't the hella buck Bennington hella buck's our goalie, right? Yeah. Th this is the Four Nations exhibition game All Star game. Yep. Final. Yep. True. That's what the matchup is.


Yep. Yeah. Oh, that should be 'cause he got pulled today. Oh, He's not been good. Oh, the blues. If the blues, I mean, Bennington would be, if the blues go on a deep run like, 'cause I mean when they won that year, what it was, was it like six or seven years ago and when they, when they were basically 2019 dead in the water in January. Yeah. This would be an all time run. Yeah. Either way. The the, the hockey playoffs have been awesome. Awesome, awesome. That game you were at on Friday night, like had everything. Dude, it was crazy. It was, it was an absolutely insane game. I missed the Ovy goal though, which was the only thing I'll say. Oh, the only thing I'll say about that is that stadium again, I'm, I'll admit I'm afraid of a building.


I'm ter I don't wanna go back in that building as an opposing fan anymore. The bathroom situation, they, I feel like they got like two bathrooms in the entire stadium. And so you had to be, you had to be stuck in a big line of pisses for about 30 to 40 minutes. Yeah. And so I was unable to make the ovy goal when I got back, but that's okay. That's okay. We'll move forward from there. Yeah. You can't. But again, like overall, the people up there were very nice. There was a lot of shit talking, but it was like friendly shit talking. I'm just talking about the, the sheer volume of that barn was insane. Yeah. The, it was that game and then the night game King's Oilers, which they're playing right now in the Oilers are in deep, deep trouble 'cause they're down two one in the series and they're down three, two in the game as we're watching it.


But you, I, so I watched your game. PFT had everything, goals, fights, electric barn, all that. And then the Oilers game later on that night, the Oilers were down and they had a, they had, I think it was, I wanna say it was was four three. They scored and then scored almost immediately off the face off to go up five four. Which was like the place felt like it was the roof was gonna come off. Yeah. Because they scored that quickly. Two goals and it was like, damn hockey fucking rocks. So yeah, it's been great hockey. It's been fun to watch. Also. Is the hurricane series over? No, it's three one I believe.


Three one. Yeah. It does feel like that series is over Though. Yeah. It's kind of like the NBA where there's a couple series that are not great. You'd say the least in the Senators. And that one I know the Panthers, they're like a game behind. So The Lightning did, did win a game, which was good that, that series should be competitive. But every other series has been awesome. Yeah. And even though the Caps are up three to one, I don't think the series is over. No. And the games have been great. Yeah. Yeah. Very exciting. Okay. Should we do who's back and then get to our interviews?


Who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends at truly, truly hard seltzer. Truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take Lemonade. Let loose 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue Raz OG original Lemonade punched up pineapple, wild pink level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Truly unruly. Again bumping blue RAs OG original lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink level up your lemonade with truly unruly this summer. 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious.


Was that a little you faking us out? That was heavy. Nice. He was pretending to go to the bathroom. 'cause he is done that before. Hank who's back the week. Yeah. My who's back of the week is embracing debate. Oh, what's that? This was a tweet. Oh, He's gonna steal it From you. That got 180 million views. Holy shit. This past weekend also kind of crazy 'cause it Scott Yeah. Read the tweet. I think a hundred people could be the One I saw a different tweet. I I That's not the tweet. That's the tweet that got 180 million views. Yep. Read the one that got 180 million views. I cannot read the one that got 180 million views.


I will paraphrase it with some alternate words. Okay. Okay. The, the hard One. I think a hundred friends could be one gorilla. Everybody just gotta be dedicated to the shit. And that sparked a debate across the internet with people saying whether or not a hundred people could or could not defeat one gorilla in a fight. I am firmly of the belief that a hundred people could easily be go a fight. Okay. Alright. I, I think, I think 10 guys that could really hold their own that knew what they were doing like 10 UFC fighters. But the key part of this 10 is everyone's gotta be about the shit.


Yeah. That you gotta be about the shit. Because The first guy who goes in is gonna get his head ripped off by the gorilla and then everyone else has to be like, but hold on. We gotta, we gotta still do this together. It's gotta be like the Nazi meth soldiers. Well If it's won by one No. Well no, I know, but like, someone's getting their, someone's dying. Like the, the advantage that we have as human beings is that we can do a battle plan, put that together. We're not gonna go after this guy. Like, like bad guys go after Steven Egal. Right. Where it's like, okay, I'm gonna run at him then he is gonna step to the side, touch me, then I'll have a heart attack and die. Then you go at him. No, you gotta just, if you're about to shit, you gotta ha I think you could do it with 10 if they're heavyweights. You just surround, you grab limbs and then you just start breaking bones.


Yeah. You just start breaking bone. How, how one Person, How, how does one break A bone? I just, I would honestly just grab his windpipe and snap it done. I think you get two guys that just go for the eyes. You gotta take the eyes out. If you get the eyes then you can beat the fuck out of anything. Also, Do grills have balls? I'd assume they do. Just fucking hammers balls. I was Saying that too. They got, they got balls, they got tiny dicks. The problem though is what happens when the gorilla gets a hold of one person and rips his head off and then everyone's like, fuck or Just starts swinging him around like a donkey Kong. Right. Right. Does is everyone still about that shit? You Have to stay about the shit. If you Ain't ready to die, sign up. Warning sign, sign up. Don't sign up. Don't sign up.


Warning sign. Like if you ain't ready to die, don't sign up. Okay. You gotta, alright. But Like, let's say it's, let's say it's every male in this office. We're getting killed. Yeah. Not us. We're not about the shit. I am not about the shit. No, For real. I, the whole thing with the animal hypotheticals is, well actually no, I am about shit. You are. Take the shit whatcha talking about. You're the king. I thinking about this shit. I would think I was being, I was honestly being humble. I think I could do it. Just me and Max, two of us, two guys like us. We could do it after a case race. No problem. Max Memes is going insane. What does he Say? He's on? His meme's been so weird this whole episode.


I'm just, I'm just imagining one of you guys like running at it just rips you in half. Like what? He's been crying laughing since we started this conversation. He gets goofy when he dresses up as Luke. It's so, it's a funny scenario. It's Weird. What I would do personally, I would, I would try to tear and chase, get him on The ground. It's simple. It's simple. Octagon thinking. I, I would cheap shot ground and pound. I would simply cheap shot him. I'd take out his acl, l i'd, I'd break the code. I don't, I also don't know how, how does that even work? Like mathematically, like a hundred people with one gorilla. There's not enough surface area. What? No, wait. Yeah, no, max. I know what you're saying. Like obviously all a hundred people aren't gonna jump on the Road. That's Yeah, That's what I'm saying. Because you'd just be jumping on your bros.


No, but you have to take into account some of that like Blue Some of them are gonna get wiped out front. Yeah. Yeah. It's Bonnie Blue Mees Is, is going. Honestly, that was a good joke. Hank's a joke. Hank's not wrong. I think Bonnie Blue could take down a gorilla. Yeah. Because she would just start sucking his dick and the gorilla just put its, its hands behind it and said it'd be like, ah, this is awesome. And then she'd come up for air, boom. Right in the nose, knock 'em out. I feel like, yeah, this would be easy. I think. I think a hundred's, way too many. Unless the gorilla knows. But every guy, like, I guess you're, you're counting on the people being about the shit. Oh, Well you've gotta be about the shit. What, what was the, what was the tweet?


Max? You gotta be dead. If you dead about the shit. Don't sign up. You just gotta be dead. Everybody Warning like, like if you ain't ready to die, don't sign up. That's a fact. Memes, you think you take it? What if the what if the I die? What if the gorilla was Italian? We Have a nice meal, Then die And we gotta shoot 'em in the head. Wait, The no kids, no family. The big question is, is the gorilla dedicated to the shit? Right. Because I don't think it would be, maybe it might be you. What Gorillas probably just stay Dedicated. Yeah. The, if the gorilla was dedicated to the shit, then we'd, we'd be in some shit. Yeah. Yeah. But I do think that if You take a gorilla's baby and then, and then Go after.


Oh yeah. I'm not, I'm not kidnapping. Yeah. Listen, that's Not, we're signing up. This is our thing. Murdering. We don't, we we kill a gorilla. We're no, no family. No. Can't get them involved. No pipe bombs. We all know what No car bombs. Yeah. We know what we're signing up for. We're competitors. This Is our Thing. Yeah. Just this is between the Gorilla and 99 and my friends, We do Murder Classy here. Gorilla Murders classy. I kind wanna see this now. Why can't like Bezos or someone do this? Yeah. Set it up. Be like Mr. Beast. Mr. Beast was literally invented for this. Mr. Beast, you give everyone $10 million can compete in the, in the a hundred versus Gorilla Challenge. If you die, you don't get the money. That's it. That's it. Those people wouldn't be about the shit.


Yeah. That actually would be, people would be running away from it. Yeah. I do think the first three, even if you, I'm saying that, I think you could do it with 10 of like, big strong fighters. The first three would be almost immediately dead. Yeah. And it would be ugly. It would Suck. Like it would be a gruesome death. That's where you find out if people are about the shit. Yeah. Because those guys aren't going in after that. Right. Well, I can't be, I can't be held accountable for if my guy's pussy out on me. 'cause they'd said that they were dedicated. I believe 'em. Yeah. I trust my guys. Yeah. Alright. Who's your, who's back P Ft. I mean, that was my, who's back of the week? That, so I'll just say my who's back of the week is Warren Zevon. Warren Zevon got elected to the Rock Roll Hole Fame.


Oh hell Yes. Finally. And also, why, why did you think Warren Zevon was back? Because of Wolves? No, I saw a cover from Stage Coach that was awesome of a Warren Zevon song. Oh, Who played it? Zach Brown. Was it good? What song was It? It was really good. Where was the London? No, it was not, where was Lawyers Guns of Money? It was Lawyers Guns of Money. That's another good one. Yeah. Very good song. That song Rocks. Warren Yon might be my favorite songwriter of all time. And he's, he's deserved being in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for a while. It's crazy. He wasn't, It's insane. So he finally got in and then also Outkast got in. Oh. Which is awesome. Yeah. They should have been in a while ago too. Big Boy and Dre got in Hell Yeah. Yeah. I think I may have been shooting the shit with Eddie Vetter on Friday. What?


That's okay. That's What Mo that's what MOOC said. I, I'm not a big music guy. I didn't know you're such a piece of Shit. I didn't, I didn't know. You're such a piece of shit. I was such a piece of shit thing to say. Were You like hanging out with him? I was sitting in front of, why does everyone laugh? I I was sitting in front of this guy with him. Yeah. I was Shooting the shit with Eddie. Better. I'm not a music guy, but First Pearl Jam. You don't fucking know who Eddie Better is, dude. Not really. I I, I don't really know who it is. But what were you guys chopping it up about? Just, it was just like ballgame banter. He, there was a guy sitting, sitting behind me that like, I was getting really pissed off about the Phillies.


And then people behind me were like, are you a Phillies fan? The way you're talking about the Phillies. And then, you know, just like Little Ski You were getting into Frank. Yes. Right? Yeah. Yes. Got it. It was like, I don't understand why you're, you're Not a real, you're not even a fan. You hate this team. Right. And then, you know, it's just like ballgame banter. And then after the game, Mo was like, I'm pretty sure that was Eddie Ter that was sitting behind us. 'cause apparently he's a big Cubs fan. Yes. And we were sitting in, we were sitting in the 1914 club, so it wouldn't make sense that he was there. Oh, he's, but I don't Know. I have no idea. I got, I got to meet Eddie Vetter once. He was a very cool guy. Didn't smell the best, but that doesn't matter. 'cause he's Eddie Veter. And also it was after the Cubs clinched beat the Dodgers to go to the World Series.


Oh. Oh wow. The Oilers just scored. So I think he also was like, like drenched in champagne for hours in cigars. That was crazy. The Oilers just, how much time's left? Just 28 seconds left. Holy shit. One other. Crazy. They just tied it with the empty netter. Another Crazy part about Montreal is before the third period started, there were still people that were coming into the arena. That's crazy. Like, I don't think they were even checking tickets at that point. They were just like, anybody that's outside that wants to come in, get in here. If you're gonna yell, we need you to yell. That's, that's like, I feel like 1980s shit. Yeah. Do you have a picture of who was sitting in front of you sitting?


This is pissing me off that you were just hanging out with Eddie Veteran and you didn't fucking say anything. That was so funny. I, I still, that was so funny. It very well could not. I have no idea. I have no idea. This is going off of what somebody el else said. You're, Was it cool? Yeah. I mean, we were just talk. It was just ballgame banter. You know, you start talking around, talking to the People sitting around. He actually probably were you, you're probably friends with him now because you like, that's what someone that famous and that talented is looking for is ballgame banter. Not Hey Eddie Veder. Yeah. I will say nobody came up to him to ask for a picture. So maybe what wasn't, Describe Rob, describe Eddie. What he looked like. I looked up a picture that it looked kind, it did kind of look like one of the guys that was behind us.


Okay. I don't know. I don't know what else to say. What Was MOOC basing it off of? I have no idea. MOOC texted. MOOC texted me after the game was like, I'm, I think that was Eddie Veder that was sitting behind Us. Oh. So we're going, okay. All right. But I don't know because I, I would've, I would in a million years, I would've never guessed what he looked like. Okay. Either way. I was Just chill. Yeah. It was just chill. Just fake. Any better? Any better? Alright. My who's back of the week is, is Bill Belichick. Why he, Can I go to the bathroom now? He's got, you can if you want. He's got a new book out and he was on CBS. Good Morning America. What is it? Yeah. The softball series.


What is it? Just lighthearted. Yeah. CBS Morning time And interview was very funny. Curmudgeony Bill Belichick, The shirt he was wearing was So funny. Incredible shirt. He knew he was gonna be doing an interview for television. Yeah. And his shirt, I feel like it's been in, in like a cardboard box with a family of, of moths for about 25 years. Yeah. But yeah, he looked good. He pulled it off. Yeah. And then his girlfriend, who we love. Yeah. Jordan philosopher Hudson. She's a delight. We have nothing but positive things to say about her coworker. She co friend lover. Right. She's spiritual guy.


She's the best. Might have interrupted the interview and was like, we're not talking about that. When asked how they met, Well we, we already know how they met. They met on an airplane. On an airplane. They philosophy. Yeah. And then there's theories that CBS left that in because she, that wasn't the only time she had interrupted. But we don't buy that theory. It's bullshit. Yeah. Listen, we do, we all agree. We done It's bullshit. It's bullshit. I think that they're making coach look bad because they know that this will be interpreted in a certain kind of way. The real deal is, and we're gonna talk to Schrager about this in a little bit, but she's a smart cookie. Yeah. And very smart. And this moment was all over the internet promoting his book today.


Yeah. He's gonna sell a ton of books because of the way that she comported herself during this interview. So she's An incredible marketer. She is. She is. I think she's the brains in that relationship. Yeah. It's crazy. I mean, she, that's a catch for Bill Belichick. Yeah. And also they were trying to ask him some gotcha questions like what, what about this picture of you guys doing yoga on the beach? Right. Like it wasn't a normal picture that they were taking. It just felt, it felt very, it felt designed to make Bill and his, his lovely girlfriend Jordan. Right. Look like there was something wrong with them when maybe the problem is with us, right. For being so cold hearted that we can't appreciate a healthy relationship And people are like, oh, he is whipped or something. No, it's not. That's a healthy relationship.


They're, they're both very highly successful people in a relationship together. Love is love Independently successful And everyone leave it alone. Hank what are your thoughts on how PFT and I just handled that in trying to get Belichick on PMT in the future? Did we do a better job? Yeah. Okay. Good. What did you think? Huh? Have you watched it? I watched the interruption clip and then I saw the eight minute interview and I started to watch it and I got like 10 seconds in. I was like, I can't do this. Here's what I'll say. Jordan, if you can land us Bill Belichick on PMT, you can interrupt as many times as you want And we will cut or not cut whatever you want.


You could just sit here. You could be on the pod. We're we're a Pro Girlfriend podcast. That's fact. We're pro Bill Belichick's girlfriend podcast. That's a fact. Whatever that looks like. I just, yeah, that was a crazy clip. I got the crazy Clip. I got the vibe that we Have to say this 'cause we want To get Belichick. I got the vibe that Bill didn't really wanna be doing an interview. Say. I Don't think I got the vibe. Jordan didn't want do the interview either. The vibe who was Don't think Belichick knows He's on social media. Yeah, I would say so. I'd say That's his reaction to that clip was like, how'd you get this picture? Yeah. It looks like, wait, what are you talking about? The yoga that was private. It, It looks like the CBS guy just like broke into his house, set up a camera and surprised him in the kitchen.


Like, bill, we're gonna talk now. Oh man. So yeah, we're pro Jordan. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I thought you think that went well, Hank? We just make the clip of us just saying the good part and leave out the part where we say, we just have said all this because we want to get Belichick on. And pretty much it's been clear that you have to say nice things about his girlfriend to get him on. I will not. So Leave that that out and then put in the other stuff. We will not ask how you guys met. That's that question is a that's a gotcha question. Yeah. We would not do a gotcha Question. Yeah, that's gotcha. Gotcha. Question journalism. That's fucked up. We would not do that. To ask someone how he met his significant other is just too far in my book.


I agree. Something should be private. Like you might, why don't You, no yoga and no questions about anything that you post publicly to your millions of followers on Instagram. Why don't you just ask him a question about Spygate while you're at it. Yeah. Or about Aaron Hernandez. I bet you that's the, that's the exact same type of question as saying, how did you guys meet That fake news Fucking reporter probably went into this interview was like, I know what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna get him with this fucking picture that he doesn't even know exists that's out there on the internet that got retweeted and posted a billion times. Tell me about this fucking picture. I I feel bad for the reporter a little bit because I feel, I feel bad for Bill Logic. Do you?


I think Bill's having fun. I think Bill's doing just fine. Just Don't clip that part. Bill's doing great. Is he, is it I Do conservatives or something? Yeah, I was gonna say it's a really fierce situation. It feels reverse. It feels like reverse. It might be No, I, no, it's not reverse. It's, it's what's happening. Like, you get l Using an older person with the younger Person. Well, no, I'm saying like, you get a little older and you can't take care of yourself and then someone comes and takes care of you and then also takes everything Has Bill. He hasn't updated his will. Has he? I I hope not. Keep an eye on that. I think we're gonna get him.


I think we're gonna get him on PMT guys. I think we did a good job. Did we Do a good job? Max? I I This Is up. You love, love. I mean, I do love love you love more than anybody you love. You love, love. I love love, love this podcast. Loves love. I think I, I wanna say that if Bill is, if he's happy, if he's having mind blowing sex and he's doing great and loves college life, good for him, good for him. Far be it for me to judge. Good for him. Far be it for me. If He found his soulmate, good for him. Good for him. Hank, I love, love. Yes. Yep. But you're not in love with love.


But maybe there's a world where we can still get 'em on and this isn't an issue. That's all I'm saying. Yeah, that would be, that that Would be great. I, well, you know what, maybe we could all laugh about it. How ridiculous this whole thing is and it's like, who cares? You could date whoever you want to date. CBS fake news. Yeah. We're gonna make a couple jokes, but the the best way to know that it doesn't bother you, Jordan, is to let Bill Belichick come on the show. Yeah. And then it's like he, you're not controlling anything because we made a couple jokes here and there. Love, love, love, love. That's really what it all comes down to is we love, love on this show.


No matter how it looks, how it sounds, how many times you interrupt an interview. We love, love. Well that's where it gets tricky is that, you know, she's also responsible for a lot of the social media stuff. Correct. So she has to be in the room. Correct. It's, it's literally her job to be in the room. She, yeah. So what do you want her, you don't think that women can have jobs? Is that what you're saying? Here's the problem that she shouldn't be allowed in the room. Here's the problem. A lot of people in today's day and age don't respect a strong, powerful woman. That's the problem here. They think this, they see a strong, powerful woman and they just start throwing around the B word or the C word, and that's Bullshit. You see her doing her job, making sure that hot button issues aren't brought up.


Yeah. On, which should be a fluffy interview. And your thought is automatically, why isn't she just making them a sandwich in the kitchen? Yeah. I think that's fucked up. I think, yeah, I think she's doing her job. Yeah. And she's doing it exceedingly well. Correct. Women could be bosses too. So if you don't love love, then you're a misogynist and you also hate love. Hank, how are we doing? Are we falling apart? I think we absolutely nailed this. Thing's gotta be said. I, I don't know what to say. I don't know. I'm gonna, I'm I I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place. Put That on a quote card. Things gotta be said. I don't know what to say. Wait, which things have to be said? Just things. Things do have to be Said.


Have we said ha Wait, have we said any of the things that have to be said? Like, we're not getting Belichick on the podcast. We Said great things about Jordan in this. I Said, I love, love. I said, girls Can be. That's, This is exactly what I'm saying. Like it is what it is. Things have to be said. Right. Answer me this, Hank what was the goal of this interview? Of the Belichick interview? Yes. To promote his new book. Did the book get promoted? Yep. Did she do a great job? I haven't Seen A lot of online discourse about the book. Well, It's, it is promoting the book. I've seen some Really? Yeah. In, in an interview for Bill Belichick's new book.


His young girlfriend interrupted several times, but they've got the part about the book in there. She, His young girlfriend interrupted his young girlfriend who is age appropriate, interrupted several times, but really she was just interrupting with her love. Sorry for her love. They can't stand to be apart. We fucking crush this ft. We're going to get 'em on. We're gonna get 'em on. I love, love Bill. All Right. Send this straight to her. All right, we're gonna, let's do our interview. She's already heard it with Peter Schrager. And then we got Sta bro in studio, which was very, very funny. So let's get to it.


Before we get to Pete Schrager, he is brought to you by our great friends over our Gametime NBA playoffs. Here the only place to buy hard to get playoff tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner of Barstow Sports with killer last minute deals, all in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets. Prices on the app go down the closer it gets the tip off. You can save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets. And if you're looking at those tickets for game five with the Celtics, Hank, what, what are we looking at on Gametime? $123. 123 bucks to get in Game five. Close it out. Go see some closeout basketball, go see some playoff basketball. The series are great. And if you're looking for deals on great seats, check out Gametime. What are you waiting for? Take the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code PMT Get 20 bucks off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for 20 bucks off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


Pete Traeger is also brought to you by our good friends over at Chevy. For over a century Chevy has been building trucks that don't flinch, never quit. Whether you're hauling lumber on the job or trying to get the smoker, the cooler, the cornhole boards and the whole crew to the tailgate on time. Chevy gets you there when Chevy says most dependable truck. They're not just speculating. Chevy trucks have earned more dependability awards for trucks than any other brand according to JD Power 2025. Sounds like they've got the stats to prove it. Draft yours@chevy.com. In every truck in every Chevy truck, dependability comes standard. For more information on Chevy trucks, visit chevy.com and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details.


And now here's Pete Schrager. Okay, we now welcome on our very good friend, recurring guest. He's now part of ESPN. Congratulations on that. It's Peter Schrager. He was at the draft, he's fresh home from Green Bay. So we wanted to have you on to, to basically get you to dump your brain to us on what occurred the last three days. And I think we should start obviously with the biggest story. Shado Sanders, I heard your take earlier in the week. I thought it was pretty apt and it then turned out to be true. But what did you hear and what exactly occurred? Because I think from my perspective, I didn't think he was gonna be a first rounder. I knew that going in.


I thought he was gonna go in the second. Then when it went, you know, Dylan Gabriel and Jalen Mill, I think everyone's like, what the hell is going on? So what happened and and what's kind of the takeaway from the whole thing? All right, so what I said on Simmons' podcast last week was that I don't think he's gonna go in the first round. And yet you're not gonna hear that being vocalized, like it's just not worth it. The juice is not worth the squeeze. And what I meant was it, look, we, we don't know that. So it's safer to put any quarterback in the first round when they're being rumored as a first round quarterback. Even if you're hearing, you don't have a team necessarily. And in the case of Shado, I think a lot of people were pulling for him to go in the first round in the media. And I'm not speaking on behalf of anybody else, I just know Dion has been an icon for all of us growing up.


He's also been a colleague of many of the people in the media. He worked at NFL Network for 15 years. He also has been with CBS. He's worked with ESPN, he's got documentary on Amazon. He does stuff, he does his own show with Tuby. He does a lot of interviews. So it's like, what's the win Barstool Sports, If you think he does Barstools. Of course he did. We're very biased. No joke. I've totally forgot about that. Yeah, the college stuff that you guys did with him. So it's like you, you start thinking about it and you're like, all right, so he's a borderline first round pick and I do a mock draft, I put him 21 to the Steelers, I do one mock draft. And you would've thought I had put him going in the seventh round.


The response, right? And it wasn't from Dion, but the media started believing that, all right, he'll go somewhere in the first round. But my job is different than Lewis Riddick or Mel Krier or Daniel Jeremiah. My job is to get on the phones and get things from the teams. And I did not have a single team who was like, if Shado falls to us, we're taking them. Right? So I went through the different teams that needed quarterbacks. I put 'em to the Steelers, Anna, a Hope and a prayer, and I went on, get up on Thursday morning and said, guys, I literally put a blindfold on and pointed to the Steelers and said, if any coach can unilaterally say like, he's my guy, I'm taking him, it's Tomlin.


They needed a quarterback. And I know his meeting went really well with them two weeks ago. Like I know it, he went there Friday, he was there for five hours, they loved him. And Arthur Smith liked him. Tomlin liked him. So I'm like, it makes sense. But in the same breath on that episode of Get Up Guys, I was like, or he is not getting drafted in the first round. Right? And, and then it starts now. That's all good. I never, never thought he would slip to day three. But in the aftermath of it, you start doing it out and you're like, alright, if a guy comes in and he is like every interview saying, I'm gonna change your franchise, I'm gonna change your culture. And, and I've, I've got all this stuff that comes with it as a starter, you're like, yeah, let's go.


But like now you're talking about backup. It's almost, it's almost less easy to find a spot to be a backup than it is to be a starter. Right. And my last thing on, on Shado, And we can get into all the aftermath of the prank call and everything was such an unorthodox, untraditional, unprecedented prospect. And the fact that he played for his dad in high school played for his dad at Jackson State, played for his dad at Colorado. It, it was, you know, you go up to Boulder, everyone tells you like Dion has that thing dialed in, but it's unlike any other program. You know, Bruce Feldman had a quote where he was explaining like, you go in there, Dion just runs it all. And who could talk to the kid who could talk to this one? And like it's, it's a party, but it's also a very unorthodox situation up there with how Dion was running it.


Then he accepts an invite to the East West Shrine game and then the NFL sends out a memo. It's like you have to practice and do, decides not to practice or play in the game, goes to the combine, interviews with teams and then doesn't work out, which a lot of people have not done, but doesn't do it. And also declined an opportunity to go to the Senior Bowl, declined the big 12 workout. So you have this unorthodox prospect and you wouldn't do all that stuff unless you're a first round pick. Like Caleb Williams can do that stuff or you know, Andrew Luck can do that stuff if you're not a surefire top pick. Usually you want to throw and you wanna work out and you wanna do all this stuff. So it was just an unorthodox thing.


But I don't think anyone saw it sliding down to the fifth round. And when he finally was drafted, I think it was a relief for everyone because A, it sucks for the kid B sucks for all the people who are watching it. And c it sucked for the media. Who all said to the viewers that he was gonna be a first round pick? Yeah. Yeah. I don't feel bad for the media. Yeah. Well I don't feel bad for the media at all because he was the best thing for the media because the ratings were huge on Saturday. Yeah. Like everybody was watching draft to see where he was gonna go. And usually, it's funny, like having a, a quarterback that's a coach's son, that's usually a check mark and like the good column for people, not all coaches are Dion obviously. And things get run a little bit differently, like you said. So there was a, a report that the interview with the Giants went really, really poorly.


I don't know if you've talked to anybody on The Giants, I don't know how an interview can go that bad because it made it seem like the interview from hell. Like you walked in Double Birds DX walked out. Like how, how did that interview go? So I've heard that multiple places and I was listening to Silla and MHA last night on Che's podcast. I got back from the draft and I'm like, I'm, I need to like unwind, so what am I gonna do? I'm gonna listen to more draft talk. Yeah. And they were recapping it all and I heard Todd listing out what he heard and then that was secondhand. And I think a lot of people said they heard that story too. I talked to the Giants Daily and I, and I'll tell you I have not heard that. And what I have heard is that they loved Jackson Dart since January. So like this thing like Dbol, like that was his guy.


So he loved neighbors last year in the draft and was basically like, that's my guy. And as much as Joe Shane and the staff was with Shado and all that stuff, like Abel's dude was dark. I did not hear anything of an altercation. And I don't know if it was with Dion or Shado, but as someone who's covering it objectively, and I'm, I'm, look, I'm not saying there wasn't something because everyone's got different sources. But my contact with the Giants, my conversation with the Giants, that was no such thing. And they actually liked Shado a lot. It just wasn't even a debate. It was Shado or Dart. And it was Dart from pretty much January and Day's Eyes. Yeah. It, it's, it's kind of a crazy story just because I think if he, he's, he, he's a good quarterback, not a great quarterback. If he was a great quarterback, everyone will put up with whatever comes with it.


And it's very funny because the media was complicit in building him up and then when it's wrong, you could see the media complicit in tearing him down where like, I think I saw it, maybe it was NFL Network. They were like, oh, the Rico case just came out on Chador and it was like a four minute segment about how awful he was in every interview. And this all comes out, you know, after Friday where everyone's trying to cover their ass being like, well this is why we had him as a first rounder and he's not going in the first round. So the whole thing's becomes like a cluster fuck. You know? Yeah. And I will say this, Tom ero, who's a very good reporter there in NFL Network came out with his annual column where it's, here's 12,000 words on everything.


And he had the anonymous quote on Wednesday or Tuesday where it was like, it was the worst formal interview I've ever seen. It was anonymous and everyone's reaction was f this anonymous scout and why would Tom post this? And then afterwards it was like, oh, well they tried Sullying, you know, and bringing him down. But I don't know if Tom's report was then justified 'cause he went in the fifth round, or if you really think like Tom's report was so damaging to Shado that I assure you this, a team was not planning on drafting Shado Sanders in the first round and then read a Tom ero column nfl.com and said, now wait a second. If a random assistant coach who who doesn't have his name on this says that it was a bad interview, well then we can't take 'em.


So I almost, I understand where people get very sensitive about that stuff, Tom, it was on his decision to post to actually use it, not use it. He did, he went for it. And then the guy went in the fifth round and a lot of people said it was 'cause of the interviews And, and and what you said at the beginning is exactly, I think what happened is that, listen, we're we're friends with Dion. I think there's a lot of people who're friends with Dion. If Shado goes in the first round and you are someone who is like, he's not a first round quarterback, you're gonna, it's, it, the backlash is gonna be strong. So it's easier to just be like, I think he might be a first round quarterback. We we do that too. My hand is up. I'm biased. You know, so that, that plays Into it. And I think my first, my first week at ES ESPN was April and I walked into Get Up and you know, the topics on Get Up, which is their morning show.


And the production meeting is like, Shadi should Shado go second to the Browns or Third to the Giants. And I like, I'm like, all right. I'm like, this is my, my new job and these people are awesome and I am trying to, and like I kind of go for it and I'm like, guys, I don't think he necessarily goes in the top 20. And they're like, well, he'll certainly go at least to the Saints, you know, or he'll go and I'm like, guys, I, and then Greenberg's looking at me like, really? And I'm like, yeah, and this is April 1st. I'm like, I don't know, I don't have a team and I didn't have a team the following week and I didn't have a team the following week. And then I eventually, I'm like, I, I think Jackson Dart might go before him. And then it was like, what? So it's this awkward thing where you're like the, the rest of the media wasn't going with it just quite yet.


And I'm sure there were others. I think MHA was early on it like this, this is not, he was going the same way. Yeah. And it's it, but it's not comfortable. 'cause we don't wanna be negative. But when you see everyone else in the consensus saying, oh, he's a second quarterback off the board, if Cam Ward is the first, like you start questioning your sources. But I have sources in 32 buildings and I did not have a first round team for Chador. I didn't up until the draft. I also think that even if the interviews went really, really poorly, like if Dion was there sitting behind him the whole time, like Belichick's girlfriend being like, we're not answering that question. If Chador was good enough, a team would've taken him the first or second round. Right. The talent is, I mean, you see it all the time. There's character concerns with a lot of guys who get picked and it's just like, no doubt it doesn't matter.


No doubt. And I almost think it's not like, you know, the big question is, did Dion cause him to slide? No, Dion did not cause him to slide. This is if you draft him, you're drafting a player that if he's your starting quarterback, like you said, and you're going all in, like it's not, but as a backup, it's a totally different conversation. Yeah. So I don't think anyone, they didn't, he didn't have the electric speed or the huge arm or the wins or the anything to necessarily be a first round pick. And then once you're not a first round pick, then it's like, wait, but there's all that that comes with it. Is he definitely dedicated to being a backup? Because you never want to get into that thing. But it's like, I remember covering when the Eagles brought in Tebow as like the third string and it couldn't last because cameras, whether it's Tebow's fault or not, cameras weren't dealing with Sam Bradford.


Right. And Mark Sanchez, it was like, let's go right to Tebow. It's just an uncomfortable situation. I don't think it'll be the case in Cleveland. I maybe it will, but like, it, it, it's a, it di it's an easier spot to draft someone with that celebrity at first round the, I will say this about Belichick's interview. Did you guys watch it? Yeah, I just saw the clip. Yeah. I thought, I thought that was just a regular girlfriend. Yeah. Like just people's girlfriends do that all the time. They're always involved in I work, I work in television. You guys work in media. CBS Sunday morning is the, the nicest most. Yeah. Pleasant. This is not 60 minutes. Right. This is not real. This is not real sports. It's bullshit. They left it in, Eh, I would say the opposite.


No, I, I listen, my thought, my thought is This. I think you hate love. Yeah. No, no, no, no. My thought is the, I'm on this show, I'm a romantic here. Yeah. If that's the version that CBS Sunday morning did while they're promoting a book for him, what was left on the cutting room floor? Oh, that's really negative Peter. That's me also. Peter, you're, you're getting Belichick weigh you. He's he's having, he's having his Belichick way with you. Yeah. Because what's he doing? He's promoting a book, right? Yeah. That clip got so many more impressions. It did. Yeah. It so much more recognition for his book. Smart. So Smart. He's gonna sell a shitload of books. Jordan so smart. Yeah, Smart. That interviewer Tony from CCB s that was, that was as hard hitting or as like straight on and direct an interview I've ever seen with like everyone in NFL media where I'm at.


It's always like timidly going around Belichick and then you laugh at like his snap face thing, even though you don't really think it's funny. This guy's just like, so let's talk about Jordan. I'm like, hell yeah. Good, good journalism. Here We go. Alright, so Peter, back to the draft. Sorry, sorry. We, we always, we always are are laugh at the draft grades. You don't know everyone loves their draft class. Everyone thinks they did a great job. Is there though a team or two that you can point to and be like, they really like what they were able to do filled, filled a lot of holes and they're going to, you know, be able to build off this. The Giants have had the roughest reputational year that a team can imagine with what happened.


And it was Saquon, it was hard knocks, it was also Xavier McKinney going on to have about 10 picks and being the best safety in football. And in the matter of three days, Joe Shane and Brian Abel have completely changed a conversation around this team where like every Giants fan is like back on board and they're like, let's go. And they did it by getting maybe the best player in this drafting Carter trading back up and smartly trading back up to where they had to get 24. Where where if you had done it at 16, you might've had to give up too much. Like they played the game of chicken perfectly with whoever else might've traded up. And then to get Scab Boo and Marcus Bo and to get Alexander like every single position of need that they had, they checked the box.


And I'm telling you it reputationally, it's the first ray of light since that hard knock stuff aired last summer. And Joe Shane has been a, you know, a punchline in a lot of places I think today, like Giants fans and we're doing this Sunday night are like, you know what, Shane did a pretty good job. Now look, they could go three and 14 and that's that And we laugh about this, but like at the very least they got impact players at better values than anyone expected. Yeah. And I, I think the giants like the strategy of like, before you can be good at everything, you gotta be great at one thing and they're gonna be very, very difficult to block up front like that, that that defensive line is going to be a problem. And it's like you can, if you can build off one great unit, you can start playing competitive football.


What other team do you, would you say? You know, I, I actually think the 49 ERs did a really nice job getting back to their basics. This is a team that always prided themselves on defensive line and over the years 'cause of attrition they've lost Armstead Bosa wasn't what he was last year as he was in recent years. And then they were just like, we're gonna beef up on defensive line. They get, you know, Williams in the, you know, 11th pick, but then they had another defensive line lineman, they had another defensive lineman. And then if you know that defense, it's like Chris IC is their defensive line coach. He's the one who's always barking and it's like, that is where it all starts for them. So I don't know if any of these guys are gonna go on to be all pros, but at the very leasts and ic, like they can get back to basics.


They've got this fleet of defensive linemen that they can put around Nick Bosa and then the last pick they got this kid Nathan Rourke the quarterback. Oh yeah. Who is, you know, whatever he is a story that if he followed it during the combine, it's one of these long shot stories. Like he won't play this year. But like that's a guy that I, I trust Kyle Shanahan took a guy in the late rounds at quarterback. I would bank on that other than more than any other coach in the NFL. So they must have seen something in them. Yeah. Is there a certain pick that you absolutely loved? Maybe a guy that fell further than you thought they would and it's, it's great value. What's the steal of the draft? It's a great question. Great question. I, I think, yeah, you know, it's great question. I'm not trying to butter up the guy that, that we're sitting here with, but like I was the biggest Colston Loveland fan in the entire NFL draft process.


And I thought he was draft, he might have gone seven to the Jets might have gone eight to the Panthers. Everyone thought it was a reach that he went before Warren, I spoke with Bears people the night of the draft and they were like, it's not like we had Loveland like one and then a huge gap and two, it's like it was one in one A And we didn't know if either one of them would be there. And then at the end of the day they're like, what we do is speed and what we need in this offense. This is the guy, he's six foot six guys. Yeah. Like he is and he's awesome two years ago and they actually had a quarterback and JJ McCarthy was throwing like he was all over the field last year. He was injured and then there was no quarterback play. The fact he goes before Warren raised a lot of eyes, but like IIII find it impossible with the hiring of Ben Johnson with a new offensive line with bringing in Joe Toy with then bringing in this kid and then also having Luther, you know, burden on the, on the outside who, if you saw Ben Johnson's press conference, he was Jamon Williams high school teammate and Jamo was like to Ben Johnson like, oh, this guy's just like me.


He's a dog, he's a nut, you know, he, he's nuts. He's gonna be the leader in the locker room. So they have all these new weapons and like, I think Colston Lovelin, I don't know if he's a fantasy guy or not, but I think he makes this bears offense even scarier. So Dan, I give you credit. Okay, this is a good one. What about, what about a late round pick somebody that was taking fifth round or later that, that you, you expect to do better than you might? Yeah, I, you know, you could get, I can give you like a random skill position player and be like, I I love the, the pick of this guy. I was shocked that Quinn EERs went as late as he went to the Dolphins. And like I, I don't know if he's, because he got Zach Wilson as the backup and he got Tua as the starter, but to get him in the seventh round, like that was straight up bizarre.


But the kid that the ran, okay, so I'm obviously tied in with the Rams and I know those guys really well and the kid that they were talking about for like days and days with me, and I know they had a Zoom with him the day before or the Wednesday before was the running back at Auburn. Ja Quez Hunter is his name and he's one of these guys that like MCFE fell in love with Les Snead went to Auburn, he's an Auburn guy and he is not gonna replace Karen Williams, but this is the battering ram that that goes with Karen Williams. And like when I tell you they acted as if they had gotten a first round pick on day three when they got this guy. So just knowing my connection to the Rams, I would assure you that Quez Hunter is a, is gonna play a role and he is a fourth round pick and they were literally doing flips over adding him as a running back to this team.


That sounds like a guy I am gonna pick up in fantasy after he scores three touchdowns and then never score Again. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, yeah, week two, like Williams has a sprained ankle, he gets three goal line carries, converts all of them, and then yeah, he doesn't, he has the alarm clock issue, like graded for the Patriots and nothing else. No, that's great. So, so yeah, he sounds like a very interesting pick. I wanna talk real quick about your new colleague Mel Kuer, just to make sure he's okay. Yeah. Is he, is Mel okay? 'cause he, he looked like he was gonna cry a little bit. He said that the NFL has been clueless for 50 years when it comes to evaluating quarterbacks. Is he, first of all, is he doing okay? He is. I i, first time I've ever worked with Mel Kiper, I, I had met him before briefly and like obviously grew up watching him And we don't do the same thing.


I, I'm like always the one who's like, here's what an NFL team told me. And he's like, here's what I think of a player. I don't think, and for the the amazing luck of him, I don't think Mel lives online or on Twitter. Don't think he saw any of this. I agree with that. Yeah. Because You wouldn't have, So that interaction Yeah, you wouldn't have kept doing it if you had seen any of it. I don't and I don't and, and I actually think it's really compelling content as much as you guys wanna throw a shoe at me. Like it, it felt like the one thing the internet all agreed on was that like he was in the wrong. But I'm sitting there on the broadcast and I'm at the edge of my seat and I'm like, this guy's really passionate about this. Yeah. And I actually love that 'cause I worked with Daniel Jeremiah for years.


I think he's the best and the best guy and you guys know he's amazing. And I've this year working with, with Mel and with Field Yates and like Louis Riddick and these guys do the work. Those guys, I've never seen them actually be upset about a draft pick. It's usually, here's what this guy brings, here's what this guy does. I'll tell you about his game against Ohio State two years ago and here this guy's story when he went to Iowa and had to transfer, like, and they're amazing at it. And Field Yates is like an encyclopedia. I worked with him this week. I'm like, this guy's amazing. Mel Kiper is passionate and like defensive of the players and I think that's a dying breed. So to me, is he okay? I think he's fine. I think, I actually think it actually brought a lot to the broadcast.


Now whether you thought they focused too much on it, that's another question. But I love the fact that he was actually passionate and if you think he was, he was wrong. That's a different story. But like, gosh, that added a lot more entertainment value than just hearing. All right, here's what I like about this sixth round pick. Here's what I love about this seventh round pick. They all can't be superstars. And yet you listen to the most of us in the draft thing, we're like, this guy's great, this guy's great, this guy's great. Mel Kiper is like, what about Shado? Yeah, well, I mean you're right. But I should give some context to the listeners. Schrager is a, a Stoolie, he's a bar stool fan. And one of his favorite people to watch is when Frank, the tank watches Mets games, Schrager will text me live updates. So similar to Frank the tank watching the Mets game, that's what Mel Kuper was doing.


He was having a complete meltdown down alive on air. And I agree it was compelling. I was glued to it. I know a lot of people were glued to it. So credit to Mel, I don't know if he did that on purpose, but I was, I'll very entertained, I'll add this. I think he's so in the film and so into like his evaluations that like, I don't think he, I don't think he's considering like the fact that Shado has a, has a crew filming him and that, you know, might rub some people wrong or that shado, you know, at an interview like that stuff doesn't, he's a film guy. Yeah. So whether it's, and he's like, I have watched every snap of Shado Sanders's career.


Like this guy is amazing. Yeah, this guy is awesome. So like, the fact that he, he was outraged by it and you saw him listen off the quarterbacks. I freaking loved it. And I hope, I hope he brings that passion back next year. And I know I sound like I would've said that if I was an NFL network, I would've said that if I'm Peter Schrager, an accountant, Peter Schrager working in a law office somewhere, or Peter Schrager a garbage man, I love that. I thought it was entertaining. And if we don't have that, it's alright. A lot of us santi like, you know, okay, well what's what's going on with Shado? Well I wanna, you know that Mel brought the fire. I loved it. He Did. Yeah. We don't wanna see guys reading names off a spreadsheet. You're right. And if you're right or if you're wrong, it made it interesting.


Absolutely. And you're right, it's good. The good comparison would be Frank, the tank. Yeah. It's like, oh, another team that's gonna regret passing on door. If he had Glasses, he would've Eaten them. Yeah, he would've, I think he did have glasses. He did have glasses. You should've eaten them. Yeah. So should check up on that Pete, Peter, what I, I know we're not critical of teams as much, or at least you don't have a lot of relationships, but what was the draft where you're like, that was kind of weird. I don't really understand their strategy. I, all right. So if you, if you look, if you talk to me like whatever, and said the Jaguars are gonna trade up to two and the Browns are gonna trade down to five, I'm not piling on the Browns at all. I, I, I, they collected all these picks. What's crazy is if you look at the entire Jaguars draft class, you say, okay, they got Travis Hunter and they sacrificed and they gave up a draft pick.


And that's fine. If you look at the entire Browns draft class, they absolutely crushed it. The only oddity is the two quarterbacks. So that steals the headlines and everyone's like, well the Browns, what are they thinking? They got Dylan Gabriel. Then two day, two rounds later they draft Shado, but they added starters at like every position and they picked up a first round pick. So I think the head scratcher, of course is the two quarterbacks. But talking to them yesterday in real time and then this morning it's like at 144 and it's the quarterback position and the value, it's the most important position. Like, all right, we'll take 'em. But like if you just ignore the shock and awe of drafting two quarterbacks in, you know, rounds like that, they actually did really well.


So to me, my answer is not dodging a bullet. It's just like, I think a lot of people scratch their heads at why would you take another quarterback? But the truth of the matter is it's kind of a luxury pick. They already did clean up and get a lot of important players. Yeah, yeah. No, I kind of agree that if you don't have a quarterback, why not just draft a bunch of quarterbacks? Yeah. And see if one, one pans out, Your team did it. You had RG three, right? And then in the fourth round you took cousins worked out great and RG three was, yeah, yeah, RG three was great the first year. And then cousins was great for the next couple, you know. Yeah. And with the Vikings. Yeah. But No, but you're right, you're right. Like I see, I do see the logic behind it, especially if you don't have one. Speaking of Kirk, he was a name that was tossed around a little bit before the draft. Is he gonna be traded? Is some team gonna make a move trading some picks over?


No move happened. Were, were there actual calls going out? Was that a possibility? Leading up to the draft there, There wasn't any real trades. There was a Sam Howell trade, which Shefter broke, but like there wasn't any of those trades And we had a whole list of names that were gonna be traded. I don't think the Steelers are gonna make any moves for a bit until they have clarity on Rogers. Obviously. I would imagine if Rogers says no, they might be a team that might be in the Kirk cousins sweepstakes, but I, I can't imagine, I can't imagine the Falcons week one paying Kirk cousins that salary and having Michael Pennix be the starter. I just don't know where he goes and when. But like if you're the Falcons, you can't have that guy with that salary as much as they say it.


And this is just me talking, I know the NFL well enough where like that guy's, that guy can't be on the ri, he's a great teammate in the whole thing and he showed up to Spring Camp, but you can't be paying him that number to be a backup. Yeah. Yeah. I would agree with that. There was a report that came out earlier today that Roger Goodell says that he wants 16 international games a year soon. Mm. Are, have you heard anything about that? And have you communicated to Roger Goodell that we do not want the Super Bowl in London? Okay, so let's go through that. So I, I think it's not gonna all be at once. They're gonna build, but they've already established UK can do it. They established Germany can do it. They established Brazil can do it. What he said, which was wild, is he is like, you know, we're thinking about going to Asia.


And now I'm like, okay. And what they do is they show up in the city and then it's like, it's a two week event and it's, there's flag football, there's all these things like, it's almost like a traveling road show. I do think he means it. And that was a real report. And he said it that, you know, 16 games is not off the table and that, that they figure it out scheduling wise. And as for London, I can't imagine there's gonna be a Super Bowl there. But guess what? If they have 16 games internationally and London becomes a market where there's multiple games a year, it's certainly gonna be in the conversation, especially with the popularity in the stadiums. And right now I don't, I don't see it happening in the next two to three, four Super Bowl assignments, but it could happen.


Absolutely. I didn't think there would ever be more than three international games. They're talking about a full schedule now. And here's what's interesting with that. I work on, I worked on Fox's pre-game show for years, and it was like we'd have crazy ratings at our little kickoff show, which was before the big one. Now it's from 11 to 12 Eastern. But when they would have these international games, nobody watched, you know, you'd rather watch any game than a pregame show talking about the other games. So you'd go over to ESPN or NFL Network, wherever it was, and those games start at nine 30 Eastern. It's usually in the fourth quarter when the pre-game shows go going on. If you have 16 games. Does that, my question is, does that single handedly cripple the, the idea of a Sunday pre-game show?


Like wouldn't you? I feel like most fans would alm, even if it's Jaguars Titans or it's Saints books, yeah, you're gonna watch the game. Like most fans, you watch the game over hearing what the guys have to say about the games coming up. So I wonder about the windows, the time windows, because if you do a 16 team game international schedule, the thought process would be that's another package you can sell. You could sell that to Netflix. Hey, here's a full season. You could sell it to Amazon and it's the 9:30 AM early window eastern. And then it goes games at nine 30 to one games from one to four, and then games from four to seven, and then your game at seven and it's just all day. And it, it's kind of cool. But, you know, I have a, I'm a, I'm a sentimental guy.


I would hope to think that those pregame shows still exist, even if there's games in that window. Well, What happens if it's in Asia with the time zones? Because that's, that's the other way around, right? So if you're talking about like Hong Kong, that's exactly 12 hours off where we are right now. They'd have to, you play, they'd have to figure it out. You play like a, a Monday morning game and have it and had just have it broadcast Monday night in America. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. They'd figure it out. I'm sure they're not. I'm, I'm sure they're not gonna just drop it into whatever time slot They'd figure it out and we'd work around it. But like, you know, if there's gonna be three Christmas games moving forward, there were no Christmas games two years ago. Like, it's, it's what they do. Yeah. And it, it's, it's what they're gonna be doing. And the schedule is coming out May 14th.


I'm curious to see some of these windows, some of these games where who gets the international, like I, I'm a geek with this stuff. Like I think schedule release day is, I know we all roll our eyes. It's social teams. It's the best to it. Like I find the science behind the schedule and I know the guys who are working on it, this guy Mike North, other woman, Charlotte Carey, like Ani Bose, these guys, this is once the season ends, this is their full-time job. They are working on every permutation to make sense so that no team feels screwed, but also you get the most maximum eyeballs when possible. So as little as like, does Travis Hunter give the Jaguars more than one primetime game? Like I love that shit.


So that's gonna be May 14th and that's really the next milestone. But the international games, we're gonna find out when, where, who, and like the matchups coming up. Well, Aaron Rogers is holding that up. We were talking to Matt LaFleur last week. He, he did not know when the Packers would be playing that they might play in Ireland to get the Steelers. But we think that the NFL is waiting to schedule that game until they know who the quarterback of the Steeler is gonna be. So when, when are we gonna find out? Do you, have you, I don't know if Aaron Rogers has like, talked to anybody about what he's doing besides what we've heard on McAfee where he does like 20 minutes and doesn't really say anything. Yeah. This, but it has to happen soon. Right? Well, I'll tell you this. He, he did his tour and met with, or spoke with the Giants, spoke with the, with the Steelers.


He told the Giants said, Hey look, I'm gonna be completely transparent with you. I have no timetable. I don't know when I'm gonna know and I don't know if I'm gonna come back. And if that doesn't work with you, totally cool, move on. No resentment here. I just have to be completely straight up and honest. And he and Abel got along really well and Abel went back and him and Shane were like, we can't wait on him. They signed Jameis, they signed Russell Wilson. They drafted a quarterback. They're on their way. The Steelers approach was the same exact thing. He had an awesome meeting with them. They hit it off, it was great. And they left it as like, okay. And they didn't sign another player and they drafted Will Howard in the draft and now it's Mason Rudolph and Will Howard.


And they're waiting. But he was transparent with them all along. And I could tell you as of Sunday night when we're recording this, he has not given them any word whether he's coming or not yet. That's fascinating.


Alright, regs, I got one last question for you. It is the Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q-tips, polos, hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take. So give us one more team where you talk to them and it's like, okay, I understand everyone's excited about their draft, but they really feel like they did it because I like, I do, I like getting excited for different teams.


You're like, oh, they, they feel like, I think the Cardinals did really well. Give me a team. They did. Gimme another team that you think You know who are fi Okay. Lemme think about like a fired up coach that I can get the, okay. You know who, I'll tell you who's fired up and I would have to even Google like when you guys can maybe bring it up. I spoke with both guys in Minnesota today. Yeah. And I know they were at the Timberwolves Lakers game, but like the Minnesota Vikings were really fired up about their draft. And I can't even tell, I think they took Donovan Jackson in the first round. An offensive lineman. Do you have the Minnesota draft class? I would love to go through it because I literally cannot recall who they got in other rounds. And yet both of them were like fired up.


They got, They got Ty Felton from Maryland. Yeah, Don Jackson was their first. I mean, they've really done a good job with their, with their offensive line in the off season. Like I feel like that's what they think. Maybe that's what it was. Like if you're a Vikings fan. Like they didn't, they didn't go timidly into this thing. They, they had their interests, what they wanted. And talking to quasi, talking to O'Connell, like fired up and like we did very well this Week. They traded for Sam Howell, right? Yeah. They got Sam Howell. They Got Sam a quarterback. I don't think that's what's got them doing Smith. But it's nice to have a, A guy. It's nice to have someone, especially with, you know, the coach that they have with Kevin o No doubt Tampa Bay was fired up. Tampa Bay spoke to those guys.


They didn't think that they were gonna get a chance to get a Buca there and there he lies there at that end. And then let me give you a name of a guy that they were in. You could tell Stephen Sha this, they were fired up about, hold on, I'll get you the name here. Shiloh Sanders? No, David Walker. Let's do a little David Walker. Deep dive here folks. Okay. Okay. I don't know. I don't know what position he plays. I don't know anything. I'm just checking the texts here. David Walker Buccaneers. And this is not embarrassing to me. This is what it is. Okay. Fourth round outside linebacker David Walker. All right. Former. And that's it. This is good radio and good podcasting. David Walker. That's the guy.


Buccaneers fired Up ballot. I like that. What about, I need a name. What about one undrafted free agent where you're like, oh, how did that guy not get picked? Repo? Yeah, I watched a lot of Miami. I don't understand. What'd he run? Like a 5, 2 40 Maybe. But like that guy, it's a classic case of like, I watch college football. That guy makes a play every single time they throw it to him. Cam Ward loves him and he is going to the Titans. I love that. Watch. Restrepo is gonna be like the number three receiver and he'll have 60 catches and he'll be a great NFL player. But like, how does he not get drafted? I don't get it. I know it's a slow 40 big deal that guy made plays all season long and was the number one guy for that quarterback. So Yeah, I'm a big guy. Isaiah Repo fan. I like that. I would like to see that. Yeah, I I want to see like a slow guy really succeed in the NFL at receiver.


Yeah, that'd be awesome. Yeah. Bring back slow guys. All right, Hold on. I said Isaiah repo. It's Xavier repo. Shut up. That's fine. There go. We didn't correct you in real time, so that's partially on us. Sorry Xavier. Hopefully you guys knew you. I was so, I was so intimidated listening to Mcha and Silla 'cause they're watching it in real time and they know everything. And like I, I cover the NFL from a different angle. I don't watch a ton of college football. So I was like, felt so emasculated listening to 'em being like, oh, Neil, they're running back in a Kansas. Remember what he did? I'm like, that's a different world. Yeah. I, I do the draft, that's what I do, you Know, but, but the stories behind the draft, you do very well and we appreciate it. Sorry for keeping you up late. You have get up in the morning. Congrats on the new gig. Tell Greenie I say hello. Please.


Is there a relationship? Do you guys know each other? We're Just great friends. We're just great friends. Yeah. Tell PFT said hello. Yeah, do, do, do that. I I actually know you will do that. PFT sends his regards. Yeah, I will do that. I'll tell you a quick story. Maybe Blow a kiss at the end. Yeah, Yeah. We're we're driving over to the, to the, to the draft yesterday, Saturday morning. And I did say to Mel Kiper, I'm like, you know Mel, I I don't know you that well. I'm like, every time you do an interview, it's like you bring the same energy and the same juice. Even when it's like local like Jacksonville, ESPN. Every time I hear you, like you always bring it. I'm like, you're so good. It goes, ah, I love doing it. I feel like it's such an honor still 42 years in. And I'm like, I, I vaguely remember you doing one with with PMT.


Like, I love those guys. Do you, do you remember? And he goes, is that Big Cat? I go, yes, that's a Big Cat. He goes, he goes, he goes, yeah, yeah, those guys are great. Those guys are great. Big Cat. I love the Big Cat. Big Cat. And I'm like, alright, there you go. So he, he, he, I don't know what year was that? It was Recently He was aer. Yeah, no, because we asked him all the question about the mashed potato on the pizza. The pumpkin Pie. That was like 2017, I think. 2018. It might was. So that was the first thing he thought of, like, and he had it so Well we'll, we'll invite him back on. We'll see how it goes after he listens to today's episode. Well, I just hope he's okay. Yeah, I hope he is. Okay. And and you're right, it did make for compelling television. Yeah, It was. And I, and I don't think he even knows that like the internet even is commenting on it, which I love Even better. A afterwards, he took a car back to the hotel and I saw him walking around the lobby and I'm like, all right, he's fine.


Yeah, he's doing fine. Alright, Drakes, thank you so much And we will hopefully see you and talk to you maybe this summer when we get closer to training camp. It's football's. I wanna football's back. It's back dude, I want to get back on the bus. Let's go. Yes, let's do it. Let's go. Alright, thanks. Alright, thanks guys.


Pete Traeger was brought to you by Aura Frames. The number one thing your mom wants from you is to call her this Mother's Day. You can give her a call of course and get her an Aura Digital picture frame. I got my mom an Aura Digital picture frame for Christmas this year. It was super easy to set up. I uploaded all the pictures that I wanted from my phone right onto her frame. I still have access to it. So if I take a picture and I want that to be in my mom's living room, all I have to do is open up the app, upload it, and boom, it's automatically on there. It's a great gift. My mom loved it. Aura Frames is named the best digital photo frame by Wirecutter and featured in 495 gift guides last year. So the next time you need to call your mom, you can also send her a new pic of you from that trip that you're taught telling her all about. And you can do it right from your phone. Aura has a great deal for Mother's Day. For a limited time, listeners can save on the perfect gift by visiting Aura Frames dot com to get 35 off plus free shipping on their bestselling carver mat frame. That's a URA frames.com promo code PMT support the show by mentioning us at checkout terms and conditions apply. You can get 35 bucks off plus free shipping on their bestseller. Check it out right now. Aura Frames dot com promo code PMT.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. Mental Health awareness is growing, but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey said they have avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts families, workplaces, and entire communities. This Mental Health Awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better when people are healthy and happy. I've gone to therapy in the past, I would highly recommend it. If you're thinking about doing it, break that stigma. Decide for yourself, visit better help. They have over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from their diverse network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. We're all better with help. Visit Better help.com/pmt. Get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/pmt.


Okay, we now welcome on A very special guest, good friend of the show, great friend of the show. It's Soros Haus. He is on tour. He's in Chicago, live in studio. Hell yeah. All the boys. Saw you last night at the Chicago Theater. So you're on a nationwide tour. When did you start the tour? February. End of February. And You're on a, you have a bus, like a John Madden bus, Bro. I'm on, I'm on Madden mode. Its fucking awesome. So how, how sick is That? It's the best dude. It's like you're living like the, the fanciest train car, hobo of all time. Like, it's just me and my boys and like, you know, I, you guys, ELs is my best friend. He's my producer on my podcast and my tour manager. So it's just like I brought my friend straight George to be the, he's like the nutrition liaison.


Is that the gay Guy? He's actually straight. Okay. He appears gay. So that's where you make it really straight George. You got it. He's straight George. He straight. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I brought my friend to be the nutritionist. His only qualification was, he was really fat in college and he's not fat anymore. That's enough. Yeah. So that's Huge. Wait, now, now when he got, when, what was the transition from really fat to skinny? Was it like overnight? Was it quick? He just, I don't know. Something snapped in his head. We were like, freshman year we met, we were both big boys. We both crushed, we both like bonded over you. You, when you get an unlimited meal plan as a fat kid. Yeah. Did that happen to you in Wisconsin? Like Oh yeah. Like, 'cause you know, I was poor and fat as hell. So I had, there were like monetary limits to how much I could eat.


Right. But when you get that, you swipe it and then they're not kicking you outta the, and The softer Dude, I had soft serve with cereal in it. Yes. For dessert, every meal I would put tricks in the vanilla soft serve or Captain Crunch every meal. And then if they had like an interesting pie or an interesting cake, I'm getting a little bit of that also. Yeah, you would, you know what I mean? You would do like, I, I remember being like, lunch would be like 15 chicken fingers and then dinner would be like, oh, they got Burgers or pizza. And there'd be like steak night or lo weirdly lobster night or some shit. And you'd get that and, but you'd also just get whatever the fuck, like a meatball sub if it was there And you wouldn't, like I, I know that I didn't go to class a lot. Like I would read the book and say that that was a trick to college.


Either you read the book or you go to class. So I'd pick respect. I'd be like, some of 'em I'd go to class, some 'em, I just would never go and read the book. So there'd be days where I would just, I'd like go down, eat my meals, go back up to my dorm room and then wait like four hours and then just go back Down. Yeah. When it resets, you gotta wait till they refresh the buffet. It's, you know. Yeah. You didn't do anything in Between. Well you probably played some Halo Fifa. I watched PTI, yeah. Yeah. I was like, oh man, I really worked up an appetite. Yeah. Was your shit truly unlimited or was it like, did they make you think it was unlimited? Truly There was a, you could start that way. Yeah. Yeah. And eventually you figured out you were like wasting some kind of credit or something. But bro, just in the beginning to do the damage, like I tru that was, I got so insanely fat.


Yeah. When you take the governor, when you take the governor of poverty off of like what a fat 19-year-old can do to himself. It's ugly. Dude. Wait, so straight Georgia had a question about it. Yes. So he got, he got skinny. Yes. Did he do the dickhead thing where he got skinny and started taking off his shirt all the time? No, I, he was, So is he still like a fat guy? He in his brain because that's always like, everyone knows that guy who Sure, sure. Yes, of course Was fat gets skinny and then all of a sudden he's got his shirt off. Like Yeah, he's takes his shirt off at weddings, takes his shirt off. Like if it's 55 degrees, he's, oh man, I gotta have my shirt off. It's like, dude, shut the fuck up. Of course you were wearing sweatshirts. It was 90 degrees. Yes. I remember this years, three years ago. You're of Pure shirt in the pool guy.


Yeah. Right. Like as of this, in this presidential term. Right. Don't, don't act like the, you know, the brand new right now. Yeah. No, he's a gentleman. He still, I think he just pointed his eating disorder in the right direction. Got got it. Like, he hasn't cured himself. He's just like now about like protein and stuff like that. Got it. He would never, he's not, he didn't get the, he still is a little trapped. You can't ever truly escape. Right. Being a fat kid in your head, you could do really well. You know, I feel like I've burst through through it pretty good, but it's always there on some level. You do Look good. Thank you. You look very good. You look awesome when you were on stage last night, I was like, holy shit. Stop. Thank you. You're, you're getting hot on us. I appreciate it being that's how you gotta set the bar so low that weighing two 90 and being five, seven people like Jesus Christ, what are you fucking, you get surgery.


You do look good though. Thank you. I appreciate it. Do do you have any, like, is there any, any fear deep in your brain that's like, if I get super skinny, I'm not gonna be funny? Well, I'll never be super skinny. I mean, that's ridiculous. There's, I'm never Going crazy. I'm never going al Sharpton p's dispenser head mode. You know what I mean? When like that's that, that weird shit happens. I'm never going that way. I have always said big arms, little titties is the goal. Like, I didn't, that's not no titties, that's little gentleman's titties. You know what I mean? And like a big, like get some big buys, big tries. That's all I want is like bouncer physique. Like I, people have Said that it say it's Tony Soprano, dude, season one Tony. So man soprano is the hottest man ever that's ever lived, dude. Like the, and that's all I want. The girls who wanted to fuck him, that's who I want to fuck me.


That's how I live my life. I'll never, being skinny is also not, what am I gonna be a, a balding 42-year-old skinny guy. Right. Right. That's despicable Right now is the time to be fat as shit. Yeah. You were talking I'm gonna peak in my forties. That's it. For sure. Also Like the pendulum's gonna swing back to, to like the power of Tony Soprano. Sure. Like that's, I think that that actually like, you know, we're kind of getting more alpha as a country. That might just be the new thing. I do think there is a, I I don't know about the like, trends, like overall, but in your, in my age, like, you know, as a single man in his mid thirties now is the time where people are getting fat. They are getting bald. Yeah. And they don't know how to deal with it. Right. They are scared.


You've been there. I've been here, I'm bang their fucking fucking Batman. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like I'm breaking their back. Don't worry about the end of that movie. Just the middle. The third. It's the middle Part. Three quarters part of it. When Bain was sick. Wait, do you remember? 'cause I, my problem is I I've always had large breasts. Do you remember the moment when you were a kid, when you realized that you were overweight? 'cause I remember moment. Oh wow. You have a, you have a crystallized I remember going to my friend's pool. Mm. And my friends asked me, I took my shirt off. My friends asked me if I could put my hands together and I did that and my breast popped. Oh Shit. And they laughed and I looked down. I was like, what are those? Like I looked down seared in my brain. Like, I was like, oh no, I didn't know I had tits.


Oh. And from that moment on, it was like, because you know, when you're like, of course seven years old, you don't fucking Know. Of Course. And then that moment, moment Ly unaware and The shame happened and I was like, God Damnit a true loss of innocence for little Big Cat. That's the Joke. Looking At my Tits. Yeah. That's not Bain. That's joking. Were your arms together? Like, oh no. And Somebody taught him that somebody's perpetuating fat phobia right there. Oh yeah. I don't know. They were Juicy too. They were nice. Oh, so nice. I'm I'm not built like that. I'm not a fat guy with tits, honestly. Right. I'm a fat guy with a big ass belly. I keep it pretty. That's really what, it's the huge spare tire. Never have I had big ass titties. I grew up with people I went to high school with people that had the kind of tits that like, he would fuck with people and like take videos of his tits, like soapy in gym class.


And he was like this like light skinned guy and they just looked like awesome, like Puerto Rican girls titties. And then you zoom out and his, I won't say his name, but it was like this Arab kid with fat tits. It was so fucking fun. What a great joke to do in high school. He literally made pe like he, he knew he would like make you horny and then be like, fa ha ha. Yeah. Gotcha. You're fucking gay dude. Which is like, I don't know who's really losing there, but it was funny to make someone momentarily covet a man's breast. Yeah. You were talking about stanza last night. Yes. In your routine. And I saw there was some episode that came on the other day and stanza took his shirt off and I looked at him, I Was like, dude, not fat at all. He looks like, yeah, he's powerful. A pretty powerful dude. Yeah. Like that. But in the, the whole butt of the joke in that show was like, look at this fat piece of shit.


He's such a fat piece of shit. And now there is short man who's even fatter. Yeah. And also the shortness, I think is Also shortness. Bald. Yeah. Loser. You know what I mean? Like, they, they not, they lock, they lock, you know, they kind of like, he does like, I'm a loser combo. He hits, he hits the multiplier. But yes, he is still fat. He's still, he's not considered not fat. And he just was like a regular guy that episode where he like takes his shirt off and it's like Kramer's taking the pictures of him. And he is like, it's so funny that this guy would have his shirt off. It's like I would true. Like if I got that size, I would be worried. Yeah. Like that. Like to me, that's not a fat guy. Right. But he also has that he's kind of have, has a fatter face. I Is the bald, he has body bald. Yeah. If you go back and watch anything from the nineties, like everybody just went bald and they'd have that like, you know, the, the real crown of hair Of course around.


I'm Actually a little upset that I have, obviously I'm not a man who hides his, you know, ball. But I do kind of want to go straight horseshoe someday. Yeah. So hopefully, hopefully I keep losing my hair, but, So No, no, no. Going to Turkey. We had a bunch of dudes I know that's From the office who went to Turkey. I saw some videos. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They took, they took fans. I think we're doing a second version really this summer where we're gonna find like the baldest dude we can possibly find. That's pretty fun. But I, I think he gotta just take what the Lord gives you. Man, I got my shit done last October. How's it feel? Last September, I, I only did it because I wanted to keep the long hair right. And there's no worse looking like my, my hair goes down faster. So, you know, we disagree though, philosophically. I'm trying to get the bald ponytail, dude. Yeah. I, I'm really trying to, I had to, I was in, I was in something and they made me cut my hair and I was so pissed.


'cause I was like, fuck dude. I don't wanna have short hair. But I'm growing it back. I wanna be a bald pony Guy. You also should, I, I've always dreamed of like, if I ever got like fully bald, especially the horseshoe, I would just rock a horrendous toupee. Ooh. And just dare people to say shit. IL dude. Absolutely. There's phases I've planned out for baldness where it's like bald pony I gotta achieve. Right. And the clock's ticking. 'cause you wanna have weird fucked up front hair too, you know, like, and p who are you kidding? You would've looked sick a Skull as Bald. I know know. I, I think that it like, I think you would look sick with a skull. I think it my, my face. I can't grow a beard either. Like, I can't grow, neither can I Got a fucked up, you know. You know what it was? I was standing in, in the ts a line behind a guy who was about my height Ooh.


And about my build. Ooh. And he had long hair like me down to like, you know, the middle of his back. And he was like, I don't know, probably two, three years past where I was at that point. And everybody in the ts i a line was staring at this dude. Yeah. And he had no idea that people were looking at him being like, this guy looks terrible, but that's all. And I was like, I resolved at that moment. I'm either, I'm either cutting it all off Sure. Or I'm gonna keep it long and, and try to do, I I kind of wish I just shaved it all off. 'cause no, like, it sucks having long hair sometimes. I don't Know. It is. I love the look. I know what you mean. Like it could have been an opportunity for you to kind of go drastic. Yeah. Something else. But I just think you're, you're committed to this bald, bald, long hair bald, like gambling prognosticator. Yeah. With a bald pony.


Yeah. O tb. You know what I Mean? Like come on dude. It's all, this could have been the next, the next phase of PFT, you get into like, you know, plaid suits and like really looking like a fucking down and out gambling horse track user. Yeah. That you gotta think about. Like right now I'm with you in 10 years you're gonna wish you had a bald point. Yeah. 50 years old Bald ponytail. Yeah. It might, it might go again. I don't know. I've been very diligent about taking my medicine. You see a guy with a bald who's bald ponytail and it's like that guy has had something catastrophic happen in his life. Like, it's like, oh, he, you know, he was a professor at Princeton until something horrendous happened. Yes. He lost all his money in stocks. Of course. Or you know, horse, you know, racing. It's powerful one way or the other. Yeah. Because it's like he's Got a story that Energy.


Yes. Yeah. He's got a story that energy everyone all eyes on you brother. And it's like, are you man enough to handle that? Yeah. It's like I made it through something. There Is no that guy with that that look has never been a boring person. Exactly. And you just sit down and you're like, Hey, what happened? Something's take it. He'll just tell you everything. Either it's the most, it's the, the worst shit's ever happened to him or he doesn't even realize he's so like, he thinks he's fucking so sexy. Yeah. Right, right. Like what I want to be. I don't if you, Danny DeVito and twins, you rewatch that movie, dude, he's so awesome. He's like four foot tall, bald pony, slaying hole. My man is just getting pussy left and right. And the whole thing is like, he's a pussy hound that mistreats women and Arnold Schwartzenegger is like his perfect brother that respects women.


It's a great movie. But anyway, that's who I want to be one day. Yeah. Toupee I would love to do at some point BB balding blonde skull at some point. You know what I mean? Oh hell yeah. Like Really get the like trash going. I have a lot of designs for my horrible hair. So, so you said when we sat down that you've been walking 20,000 steps a day. Yeah. Is that, should we, should we credit Frank? Ooh, I, you Know, is that Frank Walks? Are you a Frank Walks? I like you have great Success story. I'm, I, you know what I, I won't, I won't hate on. Yeah. Put me under there. Why not Get it? Why not? Let's, let's, let's throw, let's give Frank the credit another success story. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I do like that. But it, it, I think we got to, to that idea when you're just in so fucking fat and your body is useless and you like, what happened to me is I kept trying to work out and I would every time just get hurt.


And I was like, all right man, let me just walk. Yep. So fucking far. Yeah. I'm too fat to even do like, you know, tricep pull down. You know, like I would just blow something out in my elbow and I would try and lift, you know, you try and like lift everything. You're like, if I max out on bench, maybe I will wake up not fat tomorrow. Yeah. You know, like once you're in the gym. But dead Lifts are the key to the perfect property. Exactly. Just keep throwing out my back. Just fucking walking. Hunched over been There, shit. I've been there. Yeah. And so yeah, I just, and I'm on the road too and sometimes it's hard to find a gym or do some research, bro. I just wake up walk long as fuck for like to start my day. It and that's pretty good. It's also like a awesome way to see a city Abso Exactly. To just be like, I'm just gonna walk in a direction Yeah.


And then come back. That's exactly what I do is like, I might, I yeah. Just go, we've been going to like, I'll go to like a thrift store or an antique store and try and find like interesting DVDs. You know what I mean? We just got, we're still looking for Gold member. We got the other two Austin Powers. That's, that's, we're crushing that on the bus by the way that we just, we got double play Dennis Rodman and Jean Claude Van Dam. Hell yeah. Do You know how sad that, is that what you just said? What's that? Like how old we're getting Oh. You're like, I'm going to an antique store to find a dvd. What the fuck? Dude, Dude, the youth is gonna hate this episode. This is about losing your hair and going for nice low impact cardio to find outdated forms of media DVDs. Were just shit.


Oh man. We were, I was talking with someone the other day, remember remember the six months that laser Dicks discs had a run where it was just huge DVDs? Yeah. Yeah. I caught the fairy tale. I only watched like, It was like, this is the Future. Yeah. I only watched Star Wars Yeah. With that. And I was like, this is, and I also thought, 'cause it was space that it was like connected that it was like futuristic. And then they, I never saw 'em again. Yeah. So in my head it was like, oh, that's how Star War. See Star Wars just made 'em smaller. Yeah. They Set us down the library one day. I was in like fourth grade and the librarian was like, this is your future children. Yeah. Everything that you're gonna ever watch is gonna fit on This tiny Thin little, It was the size of a record. Right, right, right. It was just a Yeah. A metallic record. And they're like, we used the entire school budget on this one machine.


There was that six months later was gone. Then There was the, the milk pouches. Did you guys ever get the milk pouches? Never Got milk pouches. Milk pouch. Yeah. Our, our cafeteria ladies one day they were actually, it was in PE class. They're like, okay, we have a video to show you guys because the way that you drink milk in this country is about to change forever. And then they, they passed around these little bags of milk bags. Yeah. Bag like were Capri sun style. Capri sun style. But like less structured. Less structured. You couldn't stand it up on an end. It was like a plastic pouch of milk. Okay. And they're like, we're not gonna do cartons anymore. You're never gonna drink out of a carton ever again. It's gonna be these bags of milk. Here's how you stab into it. And they showed us. That's so funny. Whatever you do after you're done drinking it, do not blow the pouch back up and then pop it. Oh, Okay.


And that didn't really Work out. In fact, we popped it so much. I think every kid across America that they tried to teach the bag milk procedure to just start popping it. Of course. It's like, fuck that. We're going back to cartons. But in Canada, they just drink outta bags all the time. Really? That's like their style of milk. Like Franzia. Yeah. Slap in the bag. Slap the bag with some whole milk, bro. Kids slapping the bag. You could chuck one of those so far too. You're actually the best. Ooh. That's like a, they they gave you a water balloon full of milk. Yes. That's insane. Yeah. It's crazy. Surely the Children will care about their Health. Yeah. Wait, so what, what's the best city you've been to? Oh dude. I don't know. I mean, I love, I liked, I had a great time in Madison. Your alma mater obviously.


Yeah. I really love dude. I love Minneapolis. It's Minneapolis is a very good city. It's a great And I caught it with some great weather. Yep. They have incredible food. You know, we got, we got insane sushi. This place Billy Sushi's incredible. There's Lakes right there. The lake's great. The, the Mississippi River's there, which actually fucked with me 'cause I'm like, that's too far north. Little buddy. Yeah. Get the fuck down. Yeah. Why You ride you up here? But it's, I love a nice, I truly am a fucking old man, dude. I love a nice on the water walk. Yeah. Like, it just soothes my brain and I'm just fucking strolling. But yeah, I loved it. The food was great. I, I got at a hotel with a sauna and like an outdoor heated pool. Oh hell yes. You just, you just fucking roasting. I mean truly old European man activities, but I loved it, dude.


Yeah. The Dreamboat tour. Dreamboat tour. Yep. The show Minneapolis was great too. So are you, you're not taking any flights, Bro. I've take, I'm doing like 50 cities. I've been on a plane four times. I'll be on a plane four times total. It's Awesome. So what was the longest drive you've done? We did like from Vancouver to like fucking somewhere in southern California. I don't remember Fresno or some shit. Wait, so, which sucked Dick by the, one of the worst places of all time. I got sick. I was, Fresno sucks so much. Dick dude. I was working out at the, I go to the gym and there's a guy just clipping his toenails just outside just like on a bench, bro. He was not like, there's people like going to squash cords, go and it just like, the guy's just like staring you dead in the eye.


Not, not like embarrassed whatsoever. And it seemed like a guy, guys who were like not quite homeless, but not, not homeless, you know what I mean? Like, these are guys that kind of get access to a house maybe 12, 12 days outta the month. And they were, they were taking up their time at a, at a gym in Fresno. But I think I got like low grade, like, you know, some kind of flu just working out there. But yeah, that city sucks. Dick Bakersfield, you know, also kind of sucks Dick, but was fun, fun shows there out. Well, you know, I mean the, the in inland California, like you never hear anything about it, so. Yeah. Yeah. You Don't hear, Hey, what's going on over there? They, they, they would rather you not know. Yeah. But yeah, I just, that that, that image of that, of that like fucking possibly displaced man clipping his toenails by a fucking lat pull down machine will stick with me.


Wait, so so, but yeah, it was like 18 hour drive. What Was the decision? 'cause most like comedians, I feel like when they do a big tour like this, they go home during the week and then they go back out and you're like, I just wanna be out. So you're how many, how many months are you gonna be away from home? Like two and a half total. Wow. Yeah. It's a lot. I mean, it's a lot. But I also like, I kind of just wanted, first of all Madden style. You know what I mean? Yeah. DVD player. I got my snacks, you know what I'm saying? Like, I'm trying to be healthy. I got You got the bed in the back. Got the Bed, we got No, I sleep in a little Cubby. No way. Inside. I love The cub. I don't have the star. I'm a man of the people. There's no star. The Cub is actually nice. You feel like you're, You feel like a little baby in a womb. Yeah. Like when you were a baby and your parents would take you to the car to make you fall asleep. That's what it feels like. I sleep great on there, but it's me and my best friends, it's basically a rolling slumber party.


Yeah. And all of them have like, families that they're like away from. And for me, I'm like, isn't this great guys? Can't we just live like this forever? Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, but it's fun as shit. And, and yeah, I don't, it, I think it just costs a lot of money. But dude, I just want it to be fun. Like, I'm just trying to have a good time and I'm also trying to be less fat. Like if I, every other tour I would gain maybe 40 pounds. And I was like, if I, if that happens again, I'll, I'm going to die like fast. Like, it's gonna be like a matter of like five years if I keep gaining weight. So that's why I was like, we're getting the bus. I literally, like, I bought a hot plate and I was legitimately cooking like chicken, like a fucking like divorced man on like a like camp burner on the bus in New Orleans.


It was raining. And I was like, if I leave, well it stopped raining and then my friends were like, let's go out for a walk. I was like, if I leave, I'm getting like four Poe boys. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm staying in the bus cooking the saddest chicken, like divorced dad chicken and like beans from a can and just like eating it on like a, you know, a hugely successful like a 50 city tour of like 2,500 seat theaters. I'm fucking eating like a divorced guy. But Do You have TV on there Brother? We got, we got, the setup is awesome. 'cause it's a bus, right? And it's like you, it is like a bench on one side, bench on the other side. Like passenger and driver's side facing each other. You look, you have a TV on either side. Yep. So we're standing like this.


We're both watching tv. You Watching TV together? We're, I'm looking at my boy get, you know, look at, you know, Chuck Norris take down David Carradine. You know what I mean? While we're just, it's the best dude. I'm drinking zero sugar root beers. I'm Dr. I'm gotten very into regional diet sodas. Yeah. Shout out to Ko. Strange soda that tastes like se like you are Frank. If, Is he, is he, is he a diet soda guy? Well, no. He is a, he's a soda like reviewer. Oh fuck. I got he'll. He'll if you give him a meal, I gotta talk to, I gotta get in here with Frank 'cause I'm peripherally. I love what I see from Frank. I love how pissed off he gets at things that should not, you know, really affect a grown man that much. I love to see that kind of passion.


And I love him do walking. Yeah. I didn't know he was a soda. He's som by trade. You could give him a a food and he'll tell he'll pair it with A soda. Oh my God. We have to. Is he a diet guy now that he's healthier? He doesn't, nah. He likes sugar. I See. I think it's just more or less. 'cause I think there was a time when he was like 15 a day. God. So Yeah. No, we got, maybe I could be diet frank dude. Yeah. I could be The diet. The diet. 'cause I love, listen how much time you guys got? Seven ups got a new tropical that they're, they're doing really good. Really? You should check it out. But yeah, I'm drinking my diet sodas, protein bars, all that kind of shit. What, what Are your favorite diet sodas? 'cause I think my, the diet root beers are pretty good. Diet root beer's great. There's a Dr.


Brown's cream soda. That's a diet That's very good. Very good stuff. Everyone's gonna hate this episode soda. Fuck that. There's, and I'm not stopping by the way. There's a cherry, there's a cherry seven up. They just came out with that I really enjoy. So yeah, I Wild Cherry Pepsi Classic. Yes. I remember that from all my Favorite. That's a good, that's back baby. Yes. And they got a cream version, which I don't like as much. But yeah. I'm telling you brother, I've been Dr I've been, that's my only vice left because I've been sober half the time. Soda dude. I've been, I've like, I'm having some diet sodas for sure. Wait, Wait, what do you mean sober? Half the time I've be, it's so hard not to smoke weed, dude. Yeah, because it's so, Because like, dude, you're not, you're not sober.


You literally, we were gonna do this show. Well today I'm Six and you texted me like, Hey, can I come at seven? I got high and I gotta watch rush hour. Dude, it came on Tubie. I was literally, I was like about to put my shoes on and rush hour came on and I was like, fuck, I just had some lamb. I'm pretty high. I don't want to get up. So I texted you, I was like, dude, I gotta watch rush hour. And I own it on like two other streamers, but I watched it on Tuby with the commercial. When it comes on naturally, there's nothing better. It feels So good, dude. It feels incredible. You catch A good fell's natural. Oh, Oh, it's the best. Nothing better. You're half frank and half mitts. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Miy side Mincey Sober is what we call Him. Oh yeah.


Good clean living. Oh dude, I, yeah, I'm trying to stay away from Kush. Kush de Kush will make you snack. But when you're like, when you do a show and it's like late as fuck and you're like amped up. Yeah. From it's like so unnatural for people to be like cheering for you and you're like, you've done nothing. You feel like you haven't accomplished anything. And then 2000 people are like, ah, And you gotta go to bed and then You gotta go to bed. It's like, come on, smoke a little cush. It's not the end of the world. What do, What do you do right after a show? Not nothing crazy. Like, dude, I'm not, I used to go out, I used to like, you know, maybe go to a bar or something or get like a crazy, go to a cool like diner or something. Like, I'm boring this tour. 'cause I'm trying to stay alive.


So I'm just like in the green room To stay alive Tour. It really is. I'm trying to stay alive so bad dude. See? Yeah. Let's see, let's see our seventies, the tour. Let's make it to se at least 71 the tour. But I don't do shit, dude. I, I hang out, I have a yo I have a yogurt, maybe a protein shake. I get my steps backstage. I'll fucking walk back and forth if I haven't finished my steps. Not dude for, and then we go back And we watch a mo like we watch a movie, we hang out. That's pretty much it, dude. It's not glamorous. That Sounds fun. That, but that's also cut. It's Being 36. That's the reality. Like when we go And we do like grit week or we go Super Bowl week and everyone's like, you guys must party the whole time. It's like, not really.


Yeah. Because like if I did, we wouldn't be able to do our job. Of course. Yeah. I have. We'd be dead. I know. I it like maybe the first, the like the first the tour we started a casino And we were like gambling all night and I just got, and you know, I just got sick within like four days Right up night. Yeah. Your body up just stops. Yeah. And so then I realized like, fuck, I, at a certain point you have to put on a show. Yeah. Be like, you have to do a good job. People came. That's the other thing with theaters, like I feel like, oh fuck these people like made a plan to be here. This isn't like a shitty comedy club where I, this Is date night. It's like classy statues and shit. I know. Dude, it's so funny. There's chandeliers. The End of the tour though. Like the end of Super Bowl week will go out. Like you're gonna go out at the end of the tour. You Get close.


Well it wraps up well, dude, we actually end the tour on like a three casino run and Oh yeah. And then, and then Mother's Day in DC so like, oh yeah. So I'm gonna just be so wildly hungover for that show. Yeah. And my mom's probably gonna be there, but yeah, we're, we're ending with like some shitty like eastern seaboard casinos where we are gonna go fucking crazy. Yeah. I do love the idea of somebody buying their mom tickets. Tota show for Mother's Day. Yeah. You're gonna love this Mom. If it's a very specific type of mother, I'm interested if we have, we have a precocious 7-year-old who's trying to get his mother tickets to my show, hit the dms with her most recent head shots. What are you watching any of the NBA playoffs?


I'm, I'm barely watching. That's been the hardest part of this tour actually, is that you just kind of, you plan these things a year and out in advance and like, I didn't get to really enjoy Duke choking. Oh. I didn't really, you know what I mean? I, it was great. Do you have any Questions about it? I could tell you everything Dude. It was all, I mean, I was kind of, I like, I've done that so much where I like catch games right after or I'm like, oh fuck, this game's going on. 'cause you're, I've just been performing every cool sporting event. So I'm really, I'm just started kind of paying attention again a little bit. I'm obviously rooting for the Knicks, the Bucks. I'm a little, you know, they're in such a fucking tough Yeah, tough spot. I mean, I'm, I'm cl because I have no, I love Milwaukee, but I have no true loyalties to it. I'm kind of in, let's get Giannis out there mode.


You know what I mean? Let's get him to the Knicks. Let's collude. Come on, come on, come on. This like, we gotta we gotta go stern style, you know what I mean? Yeah. Enough with the like gentle commissioning. Yeah. Let's fucking pull some fucking stars. Get stir the big cities. Get Giannis to fucking the Knicks. Let's go. I Mean, Milwaukee had a couple good years where, where Stave was a big fan. You were, you were supportive. Your Man Giannis. I Supportive and listen. But now you're like, I'm still supportive. But also now is the time when we gotta, we gotta cut the, the loyalty to the team off. Do what's best for you. Giannis do what's for, that's for you to play for my favorite. Exactly. Start taking somewhere where I city I live. Yeah. Yeah. Greek loyalty for sure, first and foremost.


But yeah, I mean, I respect it because I love when you try something cool, even though it seems kind of dumb. Damon Giannis was awesome. That's a great thought. Experiment. Yeah. Try it. I mean, the Raven, you could kind of, people were kind of saying that about when we signed Henry, where they're like, this is one of those on paper moves. He's an over 30 running back and it's like, can you just shut the fuck up and let cool shit happen? Right. Hopefully. Right. And we, so I feel like I went one for two in my life for those things. And I can't be too fucking. Yeah. You know, I can't be too picky. You did a, you did a reunion with Come Town with Adam and Nick. What? I mean, it was, it was hilarious having you guys back together. Were you, was it too, like what, what, how'd it come about?


How did it come about that you guys were doing it? Because you guys only broke up three years ago. Yeah, I think so. So was it too soon? No, it wasn't. I mean, It was awesome to hear you Guys. Nobody thought, see, the thing is we didn't really think of it as a reunion. Like everyone, it's like, we don't like, just like the show. We've never thought about this. Right. It was just that like when it first happened, I think it was good for everybody to kind of do their own thing and like whatever. And we've been on great terms for like, almost the whole time. Like, you know, when, when we first ended it was a little weird, but like, we've been friends and then it was literally a scheduling thing where I keep, we kept saying like, I love for you guys to come do the show or like you wanna do. And then it just, before the tour, I had to fucking do a bunch of episodes.


And also I think, you know, I think Nick, once Nick decided he wanted to do his own thing and it was like officially all three of us were gonna be separate. It kind of felt like, okay, now it's, it's like let's, let's Yeah. And it's them two doing something. And because Adam wanted to do his own thing with like, he, so even though he is still keeping the Adam Friedland show, it's really his now. Right. And now it's not like a collaboration. And so we just decided like, let's get together. Because now the Patreon is a pure, it's just like, what do you call it? Like an archive. Right. So no one really, we split that And we were just like, well if we're gonna do that, we should like have one LA we were, we were gonna get together and record a five minute message for the fans. But you get on the mics with the fellas and it feels like old times.


Yeah. And you just keep it going. And then we recorded a little surprise, farewell podcast. And then right after we just did my podcast 'cause it felt good. Right. You know what I mean? So it was just fun. It was just a good time. Yeah. You guys should do a podcast together. Yeah. You'd be really good people. Were remarking, we have pretty good chemistry. Yeah. I do like Adam Show. Do you watch Adam Show? I've seen it, yeah. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't at the beginning. I didn't watch it that much because again, I didn't wanna like steal anything from my old Right. My old like partners. But yeah, it's very good. And when they, I love seeing they, they do a really good job of getting very specific people in a very weird context. Yes. And and you get great shit outta that. Yeah. Yeah. It's very funny.


Wait, so so you did it. Were you, I mean the, the reaction probably, I know that you weren't surprised, but it had to feel good Yeah. To have because like it's a time and place for a lot of people For sure Who loved that show. Definitely. I count myself in that. Of course. And I get that. I mean like even with a little like distance, I mean I always loved the show and it's like, you really remember like, damn, we had some great bits. Right? Like we really, it's funny, we like you guy, we all, there was like a handful of people that launched like, right in that same time. Yeah. And there is like a weird kinship between like, yeah. Everybody, like we all got too successful Undeservedly. Like, we're all, we're good, but none of us deserve what's happening. No. It's the like, You know what I mean?


We at right time and of us and p ft and I are like the, you know, in, in the like town where everyone starts breaking up and we're like, we're still good, right? Yeah. Like Romero break up, come town break. So yeah, it all happened pretty quick. Yeah. And we're just like, but we're good. You're the married couple that still fucks inexplicably. Yeah. And everyone's like two a guys two times a Week. I thought Alex, I thought Alex and Sophia were gonna make it. But it's true that, that like 20 16, 17, that like range. I When did you guys start Come Town? Right around 2015, maybe 15. Like early. That was right before everyone had a podcast. Yes. And it was like the last time. 'cause it was, you know, podcasts obviously started well before that.


Joe Rogan, bill Simmons, all these guys. So like, it's not like we invented podcasting, but I think that that was No, we did dude. Yeah. I mean KFC had a, you know, I was on KFC radio for four years before the KFC was the one who was like, podcasting is the future. And Dave was like, dumb idea. But like that Yeah. That 20 15, 16, 17 range where it's like, that was kind of the last time where you could break through unless you have like multiple Super Bowls. Right, right. Or, you know, played a sport or done something. You're Right. We were like, yeah. We're like, it's like when the NFL would draft a guy out of the fucking mines. Yeah. That was us. Yeah. You know, we were just like, oh yeah, I saw a strong guy. Yeah. Pulling, you know, like working on a farm.


Let's make him our lineman. Yeah. He's, we were just guys, he's, he got Media careers. He's a really good plumber. Yeah. Yeah. I, I think he's strong with Yeah. But yeah, like, I, I don't think that you could, I I think, like I say that always 'cause I, I hate when people have success and they just completely just, oh My God. Like they, they're like, luck had nothing. It's so annoying to do with it. It's like, dude, luck had so much to Do with it. There's so many people in other generations that are more talented than all of us. Yeah. That just no one will ever hear of. Right. And they will die doubting themselves and they just were unlucky dude. Yeah. And we were lucky. Yeah, you were right. You should, you were right to believe in yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. But yeah, that was the last time where I feel like you could break through as just like idiots that didn't have a ton of talent.


Exactly. And could kind of learn it on the fly. The wild thing about Come Town was, you know how people say like, Tropic Thunder, that movie could never get made today They say that shit. So with Come Town, it's like, you guys are the podcast that would actually do better today. Yeah. I feel like, like you're, you guys, you guys did your shit in The It was hard. The worst time. Yeah. Absolutely. People did not like it, man. Not at all. Yeah, you're right. I think it actually probably, but but you know what, that was the magic of it. Yeah. It's true counterculture Because people now are doing it in a way that's so pathetic and like, it, like people just trying to be like, just trying to be pure trolls. Right. Whereas like the, our show is like when you're with your boys and it, it's that feeling of like, no one's listening.


Let's say the most fucked up thing that makes us laugh. Right. We were just stupid enough and had nothing going on in our lives. We were like, let's just put it on a microphone. Who gives a fuck? Right. We're fucking poor. Nick had ringworm. I was living in a windowless room. We had nothing. We had nothing you could take from us. So we were like, fucking we'll say the most fucked up shit. Yeah. No, it was awesome. And, and the, the response was great, dude. I mean, it was like, I, 'cause there's so much weird shit where people think we're not friends or like, they just don't understand that you just have d you just do different creative stuff. Right. And like, also come down couldn't last forever. It's like, you don't want, you don't want a fa like the aging guy. We just spent the first part of this podcast talking about like slow cardio diet sodas and how to deal, how to manage male pattern baldness.


That's where we are in our lives. You don't want this guy Yeah. Saying fucked up shit. Yeah. Right. It's when you're like old as shit and do and trying to be a troll. That's sad. Yeah. We look, I'm there. That's my new generation of people to do it. You know what I mean? Like, there's probably like 22 year olds, 24 year olds that are se doing the come town of today. I don't know what it is 'cause I'm fucking old. You know what I mean? But that's good generational Thing. But I also say that you, you have stayed young at heart. And I, I think that like, people who try to shame that always is so funny to me. Like, I'll get it a lot where people be like 40-year-old father of three, like grow up. It's like, no dude, I don't have to grow Up. Yeah. You're dad. That's the best part of this, this job dad.


Like, that's the thing. Like I, I can literally just be an idiot for the rest of my life. Yeah. I've said it before and I'll say it again. Like, I feel like I went pro at hanging out. Yeah. Right. That's what my job is. It's very, we have a having A good time. You know what I mean? It's awesome. Just you, you're just hanging out with the guys. Yeah. Yeah. It just like, nobody tapped into like, you know how most sports guys just like hanging out? Yeah. Right. That's why your show's fun. Know for for Athletes it's like, let's put on a tie and talk about sports. Yeah. That's that's what, that's what the longest Thought. I know. That's so funny. Dude. It's so funny that nerds, that nerds fucking controlled that. But yeah. And like, what does it mean for society? It's like, how a fuck, like we, we just want to like this last week, The color I cheered for as a baby has to beat the color I hated when I was a baby.


Or I'm gonna be pissed. That's what it is, man. That's what, that's what sports actually is. The, we, we did it last week. We just started Like somebody on the team that you, you cheered for when they were baby. They're like a really bad guy. Yeah. Then you just find out all the legal reasons why technically. Right. They're not that bad of a guy. I've heard It's still okay for me to like this. All sports fans have had to become legal experts at some point. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Just 'cause someone got into hot water. You had, we were laughing last week. We just, we decided Arch Manning can't win the big one in Texas. That Texas fans were getting so mad at us. It's So fun. This is what you do with your friends. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just like troll your friend. Totally. Yeah. It is like, yeah, your guy sucks. Just mock a child like a strong child, but still like a 20-year-old A child that could kick our ass.


Of course, of course. You feel like as a manning though, Manning For sure. I don't have to respect the the child aspect. You're right. Because like he's already royalty, so you're right. It's like Yeah, you're a choker. A 14-year-old, old manning. A 14-year-old manning is like a 50-year-old with a 401k mortgage. For sure. You're Right. His he said that that motherfucker said even if he blows it, for sure. Yeah. And he can, I've heard actually from sources, he can't win the big one. Yeah. The media sources. I actually have some sources of ut and they were telling me they're really scared. They're looking at the, they're looking at the transfer portal for a quarterback. You could quote me on that. Inside sources from the mothership in Austin. So, so yeah. The the NBA playoffs going on right now.


I know that. I, I used to listen to the pipe cast. Yes. Which was very funny. I missed Thank you. I I missed your sports Take. Thanks dude. Yeah. I, dude, what breaks my heart is that, you know, I've always been a hoops like, you know, even when we were first friends, I was to like a hoops fanatic and I didn't, and I watched The Ravens, but I didn't care that much. I hate that with age. Like the NFL is inevitable. Yeah. Where it's like, it's one day a week. Yeah. And they know that. And the may where they might fuck up is overstretching themselves. I really believe that. But like, I love hoops more than anything. But I don't, I used to like get fuck, you know, I would go to a, a show. I would be a comedian in New York trying to make it, I'd have shitty shows till like 11 or 12. I'd come back and catch League Pass every night.


I would watch the West Coast games on the East coast every single night. I would get something fucked up from a deli and watch like the Kings play The Thunder or something. Right. And, and I was watching and I would wake up every morning and look at the highlights of the game. The games. I didn't wa I was like clued into everything. But now that I like, have shit to do and responsibilities like the NBA needs to be half the games. Yep. And they need to pick like, you know, Wednesday or Thursday and Sunday or something like that. Yes. Own Day of The week. Yeah. Own one day of the week. And that's what's so fri like, and I love football obviously I love the Ravens, but it's like, I just, why that feel? You can't beat that feeling of like, ah, don't even fucking bother me. I'm gonna fucking grill something and I'm going to eat it throughout the day.


I'm gonna pick it up at a, at a eight pound pork shoulder from 10:00 AM to fucking, you know, 1130. Yeah. And I, that's gonna be my day. Don't bother me. And I wish I could do that with hoops I would love. Like Christmas, MLK day. I love those days dude. Where you could just like sit on the couch. They have like a bunch of, and that's why I am looking forward to, I have a couple off days on this run. It's just brutal. 'cause I have like every single day a different city. But on an off day I'm gonna watch some, some playoffs. But yeah, it breaks my heart. That's, that basketball is just hard to follow when you have responsibilities And every, I mean, the NFL is just, every game matters. True. It's, it really like the NBA. I I love NBA basketball. I love basketball.


I just can't, the regular season. I can't like know what you mean. Just let me know when the playoffs start and I'll be tuned into every game. Yeah. But it's just in the nfl it, if it's 55, It was if 50 games, every game would matter. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Every game would actually matter in the standing. Yeah, it would, it would have a little juice. And I'm one of those guys that, I loved the bubble. I thought the quality of basketball was good. I thought that it was like that. It wa you know, it was tournament style. They were like the be they were like better rested. Like, I, I think they didn't go enough far enough with the in-season tournament. I'm like, put 'em in a fucking put 'em somewhere for a month. I liked those games and it felt like it kind of fake recreated the, it wasn't March Madness, but it kind of gives you enough of that placebo of March Madness.


But I don't know, I'm, I am worried about like just, you know, my you're right, my just your ability to follow the NBA and how meaningless a middle, middle of the, you know, year. Yeah. We, if they did it like the, the reverse where they put every team in a bubble. Like okay, maybe on Disneyland. And then if you wanna leave the bubble, you gotta win. Ooh. That's nice. And so your way out and if you lose, I don't know what the punishment would be, but you have to stick around in the bubble for like an extra month. Okay. There's just like, you know, big titted women just like out right outside the bubble. Right. They Oh, they got a gate. They got a gate that's set up and they have just like a line of, of escorts you can See. Yeah. The only, like, when you're shooting free throws, you could like peer into the outside just groupies Delicious food trucks.


The only There. Yeah. The only problem with that is we just end up having to watch like 50 hornets wizards game. That is, you're Right. No, I feel LeBron's outta there fast. They're outta there. Yo just gone after day too. Oh yeah. We're like, fuck Jordan Pool I think would actually be very motivated To get out. It would be. Yeah, that's true. That's true. That is true. Yeah. No, I love that idea. Play for freedom. Alright. Wait, Wait. So when we did do the can't win the big One. Yeah. Don't say with Arch man. Don't even do fucking motherfuckers. His name was put Out. Come on man. Fuck you guys. I mean, he can't, He's gonna do it. He's fine. But He, I'm worried he's fine. I see. I'm not, he's, I like Lamar Jackson.


I like Lamar Jackson. You Can hear it in my voice. I really believe it. He's fine. He's fine. I'm not worried. Here's, I'm not worried at all. I'm fine. I had to suck the other day because I like, like, You'll never get me on record. You motherfuckers. He's fine. Fuck you guys. Josh. We're fine. Josh out and the Mar Jackson. You couldn't Win it either. What About him? No, I know. I'm about say is he on the list? Hold on. No, he wasn't. Oh, well Fuck you. He's on the list. No, no. He's on the List. He's friends of ours. No, the refs. We don't, I don't care. Well, we be, be a fucking journalist. No, we don't. Don't do that. Wait, listen. We, you're you, we keep you off of lists. We're friends with you. No, but I was thinking about this the other day and it was kind of a depressing thought because I like Lamar Jackson, Josh Allen and Joe Burrow.


I like all three of those guys. Yes. They're so much fun to watch. Yes. One or two of 'em is not gonna win a Super Bowl. Yeah. Well that's a fucking Bengals. How about we start there? Right. Such a dumb ass dog. Shit organization can't, doesn't know how to fucking sign a wide receiver. They don't know how to, I mean, these fucking idiots don't know the cap. Like, what's your job? Shouldn't there be a guy that knows the cap on the fucking Bengals? Like they, they do everything so fucking stupid. How about we start there? Okay. One guy plays for the fucking Bengal. I'm just saying it. So it's one guy's out already, but one guy, One guy made to the Super Bowl. So it's a 50 Fucking flew. And that's the most he'll ever fucking do. Fuck him and fuck YouTube. Piss it. It Just, it just suppressed me. 'cause those three guys are such good quarterbacks. I know. And it's like, Mahomes gonna win a few more Maybe.


Hey, how about maybe the fucking, you know, maybe it's over. Yeah. Probably not. Maybe second half. Patrick Rams can't win the big one from starting today. Yeah. Magic Mahomes can't win the big one. I Listen in 2025, he has proven he can't win the Big one. That's what I'm saying, dude. That's what I'm saying. But it's Depressing. Know what you mean? Because those guys are awesome and it's like, it's the Philip Rivers like where it's like Yeah, that guy was awesome at, at being a quarterback and he wasn't, he never went to a Super Bowl. I still, the thing about LA more though, I'll just, I mean I, the comp I keep making is just Peyton Manning. He's cooler. Peyton Manning. Yeah. He's fucking electric in the regular season. And as a fan, every, every game you're not gonna fu every game you wanna see. He's gonna do something incredible.


And like over time, just the joy he brings you. And, and by the way, he's winning a Super Bowl. I'm not worried about it whatsoever. He's gonna win a Super Bowl. But it's like I, the value of every Sunday, maybe seeing the coolest highlight you've ever seen in your life. He's better than a Super Bowl that's in play. And I think over the course of a career, it's equal. It's not better. It's Not better, but it's equal. And he's gonna win one. You're Talking like, so don't fucking Go to me. You Motherfuckers, you're talking like a man. That's A philosophical point. No, I'm just trying to say what's up with this? All this rings culture. Yeah. And we gotta fucking win. How about you enjoy your life, go out and smell the fucking roses every once in a while and enjoy the, you know, the beauty and the majesty of a fucking incredible highlight.


You're basically doing the, like, I, I wouldn't even wanna win the lottery 'cause your life would get ruined. Dude, it's hard. You gotta get a lawyer. Nobody, you know, everybody's fucking out to get something from you. Yeah. I got a good life now. I make a nice living. No dude. Yeah. I wouldn't even fuck, I wouldn't even fuck her if she tried. You know what I saying, Arianna? Dude, I do think, I do think Lamar's gonna win one. I think the Ravens are good enough organization where they just keep taking Shots. Exac Exactly. Yeah. And he's gonna figure like, look, he's gonna figure it out. It's fine. Like, has he been up to his standards? No, but the more cracks you get at it, the better you get at. It's fine. It's fine. He should be worse in the regular season. Great Point. He should figure out a way to be a little bit worse Point. Great point. No, that's a good point. Yeah. Because then, because then, then he could just be a little bit better.


You're right in the postseason, everyone's like, holy shit team on his back. Yeah. Because he Is tired in the playoffs. He's like, that was a long fucking season. Season. Is he, ooh, I hate to say this, but is he James Harden? Oh He's not. He's way better. It's not even fucking close. Yeah. He actually lost Weight. Yeah, exactly. And he was fucking electric this season, you know what I mean? He was There when I saw him at the start of the season. I was like, why? And he keeps talking about how he lost like, what, 15, 20 pounds? Yeah. I was like, Lamar. Like from where also, Lamar Was never fat. No was, But he was, he did look faster. He looked faster. Do you still, like, do you find yourself still wincing every time he gets hit? Of course. Like please don't let that be the big one. Of course I'm terrified of the big one. Of course. I mean, yeah. Your boy's fucking skinny as fuck. Yeah. But I mean, Lamar has had some injuries obviously, but I, I, I am a little scared.


I've gotten a little more scared. But I also think, I don't think he should be afraid to just open it up a little bit. You know, I do think there is something to I, whatever. We don't have to get into like the playoffs again, but it's like, I would have liked to see a little more Lamar Lamar running a little. I mean, our running game was like legendary. And I do think, I don't know, I'm still fucking pissed With you off. I felt bad that you had to do, 'cause you know, you, we kind of have Yeah. Made you our Raven fan. Yeah. Felt. No, I was GI not, not for what we did. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, no. Hold on, hold on. Go ahead. I'm not apologizing. Fuck for having you on after Fuck you the loss. Did Katie Nolan also used you as after Her first show? And by the way, I felt bad for Katie because I didn't know you're not supposed to curse.


Or like, or like, they hadn't even talked it out and they were like, I guess they were assuming they weren't gonna curse and then you, you can't have me on After The Raven. That's the first guest. Yeah. And just, and not warned me, but no, that, that show was fun. But yes, it was really That Was tough. You did double dip. You double Dip. I did ask to double dip and I wasn't, I was expecting to be triumphant. I didn't think I, I thought I I'm gonna be fucking celebrating. We're getting winning a fucking Super Bowl. What are you gonna do? Yeah. Fucking tough. Yeah. It Could be worse. Could be way worse. Like I said, I'm enjoying my life. Could be the Steelers, could be the Browns. Yeah. Steel could have Deshaun Watson. Exactly. Now you just have Justin Tucker. That's it. I don't know anything about that. PFD, the man is the man of God. I haven't seen any police reports. I've seen him at Mass.


Yeah, I've seen him. You know, that's where I've seen him. I have, I don't even know you're even talking about You just kidding. Listen, if there's a franchise that's equipped for Justin Tucker, it's the Ravens. You got a fan base that has done Oh yeah. Who's basically gotten their JD in Ray Lewis. Hre sucks. You're ready. And Ray Rice, you're just gonna skip Ray Rice. You guys have more law degrees than Yeah. And the, the fan base is mostly guys who have represented themselves in court. You know what I mean? They've represented themselves in their own domestic abuse. It's, it's, it's a, it's a double whammy for, for Justin Tucker that you also started sucking this year.


'cause I mean, in hindsight Are gonna be like in hindsight, Maybe it makes a little Yeah, I think he was getting some emails Around that time of year. Yeah. They're like, Justin, put your phone away. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, it makes a little sense why the man was nervous, I guess. Yeah. But yeah, that is a tough one. And you know, disavow. Yeah. You know, I, I actually, whenever something bad happens, I will not pay attention till I have to. Yeah. So that I have plausible deniability. Yeah. So I really haven't seen anything, You know what I mean? Start of the season. I will have to wait. This is not me going on record. Yeah. I'm not doing it now. Like I said, there'll Be a time where you'll have to make a Statement.


I will have to make a statement and it's, it's gonna hurt either way no matter what it is. Except I, I don't even know what I'm talking about. I'll probably make a statement about how excited I am for the Ravens and what a great guy he is. Yeah. Because I don't know anything else going on. Oh, Are you gonna take a vacation this summer? Like when the tour's Over? I think I'm gonna go to Greece. Yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yes. Yeah, dude, Greece is the best it is. I'm gonna go to Greece and I'm, I'm gonna try and do some UK shows too while I'm over there. Yeah. Have you become a celebrity a little bit in Greece or No? I don't think so. I think comedy is still like a, like we just started getting standup comedy in Greece like five years ago before there was a lot of like, you know, you know, hitting, hitting little people in the face with pies. That was kind of the level of comedy going around, but I don't think yet.


But you know, who knows with, I guess Netflix is internationals. We got season two attire coming up. Oh yeah. That's gonna be fucking awesome. Congrats. That shit got it, got got renewed like the day it came out. Yeah, It got renewed. I'm we're ho I mean, I hope I, it was really funny. This season's fucking good man. And we had like an actual budget this time. Everybody's so there's so many incredible guest stars. Francis Is in it, France is in It. He was very funny. We were on the same on on the pilot. We were in the same episode. He was great to work with. But yeah, I think it's, I think it's gonna be so good. I'm excited for it. So hopefully, yeah. Tires makes me a celebrity in Greece Because I would think that would be like, if you just go on vacation in Greece and you're just having women just all over You. Oh, that'd be nice. I don't think I, I don't think I'm there, that's why not.


I don't know. Dude, that would be fucking awesome. Yeah. Sign me the fuck up. I Yeah, I think any Greek name, if you start getting anything going, they'll like la like they fucking celebrate Tom Hanks 'cause his wife is sort of Greek, you know what I mean? Like, like there's literally newspapers Will, will like track where Tom Hanks vacations. Like just 'cause his wife is like helped produce my big fat Greek wedding. And so, you know, hopefully we get, if we get, like if I get one more like mainstream credit, I think maybe, you know, we'll get some free from free ro and that kind of stuff. Yeah. What is it About Greece where you don't have to pay your taxes? Just an easygoing lifestyle man. No, no. Tattle We're very against tattle Snitchy.


Very against Snitchy. That's, that's, That's a great Society. And Baltimore has that in common that, so, you know, we're just hanging, who cares man? Just, just chill out. We're, we are a very hang based society. Greek people love, like, they'll just go, they'll get coffee for like four hours, like take a nap afterwards. It's awesome dude. Yeah. It's the best. Yeah. Alright, I got one last question. Sure.


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take, I guess this is, this is the, the draft episode.


So what do you think about the Ravens pick? Dude, that's how fucking bad. That's how like No, no, you could just, you literally could just be like steal. 'cause the Ravens always do that. Yeah. I mean Kyle Hamilton we're like, no, you're right. Pro first of all. Yes. Yeah. Steal of the draft. Yeah. We have the best of like, that's the thing that is part of it where I'm like, I don't know, like Wiggins, I didn't know him. Yeah. Love Him. Yeah, Love the guy's. Got two fucking mouthpieces on him. That's what I want. I want a lunatic cornerback who thinks he's like the most, the strongest. He's like, he's skinny as hell. I know he thinks he's the strongest man in the NFL. You know what I mean? Like, I want kind of a, an insane cornerback and whoever, you're right, whoever we, whoever we get always steal, always steal.


EDC knows what the fuck he's doing. I, I feel, I mean, we have one of the, we have the best organization in the NFL. We, we crush, we crush the draft. We're gonna, we're gonna load up, we're gonna win the fucking championship this year. It's gonna be great. I'm you, here's my official stance. This kid's a steal. He's gonna be a, he's gonna, he's gonna contribute right away. Love It. Okay. It's good confidence. Love it. Appreciate It. Yeah. I hope he, I hope you do like a, you guys An awesome Player. I hope you guys pick like a, a character concern guy. So you have to answer for him and Justin. Yeah. We have to kick our first round, then the writing, then the writings on the wall. Even if you get like some shithead that you, you're like well we got a great locker room, great locker room. So that great locker.


It's fine. Great locker room. And if and if it's not the locker room, you got the veterans Ray Lewis ter veterans s are gonna come in and they'll mentor. Absolutely. Oh yeah. Steve Smith. Did you see the Steve Smith story? Is there? Which? The newest one. Oh wait, when he was just, he was banging in the Ravens band. He's the man for that one and that's fucking awesome. I mean that's hilarious. She was like texting, like getting your dick sucked by the tuba player and then calling her husband a nerd to his face. That's awesome. She was like, you rearranged my IUD and and he was like Noted. Noted. Is The best. Noted. Thank you. I'll put that, I'll put that under the file of pussy damage I've caused. Noted.


Alright, well stop. You're the best. We love having on. Thank You. Appreciate. Yeah. Please come see me at the dream. The tail end of the Dreamboat tour. Sta biz for tickets Tire. Season two comes out. I think June 5th, some, somewhere around there. Love it. But yeah, that's all for me guys. It was a great show. Thank you. It was an awesome nice stand up comedy. Thank you. I feel really good about it. The crowd loved it. You are chapel Rowan for guys. I think for guys that look like me, I am Chapel. Rowan. Yes. Oh fuck. Okay, let's wrap up. Long show. Great show lot to talk about. We got numbers three. We also got, fuck he got me 17. Shane is back from Italy.


Shane brought us gifts but he forgot 'em. Seven. Seven. Shane brought us gifts but he forgot 'em. Shane, we want the gifts on Wednesday show. Is that okay? What? Sure. Yeah. What do you mean? I want, I want you to give the gifts when we're taping Wednesday show on Tuesday and we'll get a recap of your Italy trip. Okay. Does that work? Yeah. Okay. He didn't get Max or anything. Also, did you kill the Pope? I did not kill the Pope. No. Were you in Italy when the Pope died? I was. Oh no, I was, I was on a train that's Oh, when the news dropped getting outta town. Yeah, I was actually going more towards the, the scene of the crime, but Oh, interesting. They always said one, the Guy that did It, no one would expect that hangs out around the scene.


Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Numbers 77 17. That was one number off from getting the 50 50 raffle tonight. 77 34. You're never gonna get it. You're never gonna get it so much easier. I Said 77. You have 50 50 chance. I'll do 36. Jack, did you say a number? Oh, we gotta send The lottery. Cooper flag. Finally declared 34 Jack. What'd he say? 34. 15. 15. Damn. Two numbers off. 15, two numbers off.


So we combine numbers off. I'm getting hot. I'm getting hot. We just got it. Sim it again. Let's go. Let's sim it one more time. One more time. Pelicans. One more time Jazz. One more time. Jazz. How many times we s sim it for the Bulls to get it? Blazers. Wizards. Wizards. Spurs. Charlotte. Charlotte. Oh, you're cold. Max Blazer. Have we seen the Sixers once? Sixers, there it is. There it is. Alright. The next sim is gonna be the one that's guaranteed. Fuck that. Forget that. That doesn't count. Alright, love you guys.