
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, it is the 2025 NFL draft Round one recap. We're talking football And we got Coach John Gruden, who's gonna join us about 10 minutes into the show to break down what he saw. We're gonna then talk some NBA and NHL playoffs. We have Justin Thomas, fresh off his win at the RBC heritage joining us. And then we are gonna finish off with Fire Fest of the Week. And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA 82 game grind is done, and now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here, and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays if you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner the NBA from the playing games all the way through to the finals. Now's the time to back your favorite plays, players, and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30 points, 40 or more? It's your call Ready to place your first bet. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers, new DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Make it a playoff run. To remember what DraftKings download the Draftking book app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus expense. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resorting, Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio. Okay, let's go. Football guy take, Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Make it a playoff run to remember with DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. You use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, April 25th and football is back. So back the draft, baby. I love the draft. It's nothing like the draft, Although the draft is way more fun when your team sucks ass. I I see what you're doing here. That, that's, I would rather the team be good it. Oh, for sure. Yeah, but it is the, it is the truth. Yeah. Yeah. The end of the draft. Crazy draft. I don't really know. I don't know. I mean the Jaguars trade was crazy. That was a pretty nuts trade. Fleeced fleeced. I saw some of the different draft conversion charts. Some people were saying it was an all time fleecing. So the Jaguar. So, all right, so let's set the stage first. Roger Goodell came out on a bike. That was weird. I know under, I understand obviously it's the Packers tradition, but it was just weird seeing Roger Goodell on a bike.


Well, you Know why they do that in Wisconsin, right? Oh, because the entire state has DUIs. Oh Yeah, that too. Yes. Good joke. I like that. I like that they do leave the league for sure. But they came out and then Clay Matthews FCC please arrest this man. I don't, I also think he lied. I don't think Donald Trump. He said the bears still suck. And he, he said that Donald Trump sent him a message saying That. Yeah. Which would be Clay, you're doing fake news. Yeah, right. Which Clay, clay Matthews is now leading the league in doing the anonymous fake sources. Yeah. That Mr. President hates so very deeply. He should take away clay's Clay Matthews FCC license. Can you arrest someone for misquoting the president? Send Clay Matthews to El Salvador.


Agreed. That was bullshit. And also, let's just say, let's just call a spade a spade. He has the entire NFL world watching him and all he's thinking about the is the bears. That is a big rent free moment for you. Big Time. Rent free. Big time. Rent free. So yeah, the draft started, cam Ward obviously goes won. We all knew it was gonna happen. And then the fireworks start, or sorry, explosives, excuse explosives. Pew p Chefy promise us explosives. The Jaguars gave up. Pick number five, overall 26. 1 26. And or sorry, it was 36, 1 26 in a 2026 first round pick to go up to two to get Travis Hunter.


The Browns gave up. Number two, overall, 1 0 4 and 200 Fleeced Fleeced. There was a quote after, after the pick was made from the new GM of the Jaguars Gladstone. I've got it right here. Boy, genius boy, genius. His first draft, the quote was, there are players you can target and acquire who will alter the trajectory of a game. There are players that you can target and acquire that alter the trajectory of a football team. There are very few, and it's rare to be able to target and prioritize a player who can alter the sport itself. Wow. This is sounds like show a, This is a sport changing player. So the game will never be the same. It Will never be the same if you're a Jaguars fan.


I think you're, we were talking out with chaps. I think Chaps had the good idea. You play Travis Hunter as a wide receiver exclusively this year, and then next year you start having him play both sides of the ball. And you're like, that was our 2026 first round pick. Yeah. Travis Hunter, the cornerback. That's the way you do it. Yeah. I, I don't hate that. Also, if, if Trevor Lawrence throws an interception, you've got a wide receiver that's really good at tackling. That's True. Maybe force a fumble. That's true. Turn a turnover into a turnover. I love what the Browns did though, because the Browns getting more draft picks. They, they are in, you know, purgatory right now. They're in hell with Dehaun Watson.


They know they're not gonna be good next year. Load up some draft picks and still get a stud with Mason Graham, which is a little awkward. 'cause Mason Graham is the one who called Jack Sawyer or pussy in the Ohio State Michigan game. So a lot of Browns fans are gonna have, they've probably said some choice words about Mason Graham, and now you have a defensive tackle you're hoping is gonna be on the Browns for the next 10 years. All right. So if I was the Browns, would it be crazy to, because you got picks now in the second round, you can start the rebuilding process. Flaco might not be bad enough for you to get a top pick next year. Yep. If he's your answer at quarterback, it Could still take Shado. They could take That's what I'm going with here. Big Cat. Yeah. In the second round, use one of these picks. Get Shado Shado is gonna be extra pissed at the Steelers.


Yeah, good point. Yeah. Also, Shado, that was a tough, tough draft party. Yep. Well, Tough draft party. At least Gilly Gil was there. Gilli Gilly is an all time vibes guy. Yeah. So for, for the Jaguars, I was just thinking with their new gm, it, it feels like a picture perfect moment. Like if you're a Jags fan, you can almost fast forward five years from now and hear the press conference. And I've heard a bunch of them in, in my career as a football fan where they're like, what? What have you learned on the job since coming in? Well, when I came in I thought, I thought I had all the answers. I thought I had to make a big splash right away. And I've learned that you don't always have to make the big move to succeed. Yeah. You can. You can hear that press conference happening.


Yes. As he's, as this young GM is maturing into his role. Yeah. He's like, sometimes you gotta, you gotta wait and see and maybe not, you know, get over your skis and, and trade the entire draft capital of the future. Although that's it, it's a first rounder next year. A lot of picks this year. Travis Hunter is really, really, really good. Yeah. Obviously. Yeah. Really, really good. I just think that if you're the Jags are, are more going for it right now. Whereas the Browns, I just like the fact that the Browns had the wherewithal to be like, Hey, we're not, we're not a Travis hunter away from being good again. Where a lot of picks away from being good again. And Mason Graham is going to, I mean Mason Graham's gonna be a problem with Miles Garrett. And I like Mason Graham a lot. I think he's gonna be awesome.


I just like what the Browns did. Yeah. Credit to the Browns. Also Travis Hunter. There was a lot of people making the joke. Like you spent six months thinking you were gonna go to Cleveland, then you went to Florida. I don't even know if that joke plays as much 'cause it's Jacksonville. Well, it's the classic Florida or Ohio bit. Yeah, Exactly. But Ja Yeah. At least the weather. Yeah, the weather. Abdul Carter goes to the Giants love that pick. I think he's gonna be a beast. Hank will Campbell. Yep. Happy fired up. Yeah, he's crying. Said he was gonna die for Drake May. Oh, I love it. Short arms. That'd be bad if he died. Obviously it'd be very bad if he died, but Right. When you draft someone this high, that's what you wanna hear. Dying Form. Yeah. Can I tell you why you should love this?


Pick Hank. Yes. All right. So Vrabel Vrabel himself took a hands-on approach with this draft pick to the point where I think they got into a fight. I think Vrabel and Will Campbell fought each other on the practice field. Vrabel went out there, put the pads on, played with him. Vrabel says if that tape, he played with him. He said, if that tape ever gets out, people are gonna have some problems. It was important to me to get out there and feel him and feel every player we evaluated on the line of scrimmage. That's Pretty good. I would die for Vrabel. That's pretty good, Hank. I fucking love him. That's pretty damn Per Mike Vrabel Will Campbell is the best feeling player in the NFL draft. I mean, I, I do like Mike VR will be in like, I have to, I have to feel the man go get my scouts. I need to feel this man Yeah.


To really know what I got. I love It. Yeah. And memes was being very mean. Very mean. Oh Yeah. He made some, some photoshops of short arms. Yeah. Well, no, he's, the Photoshops were out there. He was repurposed. And then some would say stealing. Yeah. But memes would say re repurposing them. But he was mostly saying that Hank, congratulations, Hank, you got the second best o lineman in the draft. Mm Mm Well, I said that to you. You said that to me later. Yeah. But then once he said it to me, Who's the best o lineman in the draft memes? Our guy. Well, and and what's his name? Did you wanna say his name? Bu I can't pronounce his first name. Okay. But yeah, Armand arm. Armand. Yeah. You can't pronounce Armand or you didn't know it? No, no. I knew it was, it was Armand.


I, I dunno names bad with names, but Yeah, Memes. Memes are saying essentially that, that the Jet's got a much better offensive lineman than the Patriots got. Interesting. Like right off the bat, Yeahinteresting, that's why they play the games. Yeah. But you didn't get the best feeling offensive lineman in the draft. I've, I've never felt them, so I don't know. Yeah. The explosives also were a reverse explosive with Ash Genti going to the Raiders, which everyone thought was gonna happen for like three months, and then the last couple weeks everyone's like, that's not what's gonna happen. And then he ends up gonna, the Raiders, including Pete Carroll giving Twitter clues that I still think he was just fucking with Everyone. Yeah. That's what he did the first time. Yeah. And then he is like, yeah, I'll just get online and fuck around.


Yeah. Fuck around. But I, so I spent the, pretty much the off season being like, I don't want a running back, going to the Bears. And then the last week I was like, it's gonna be Ashton Gente. And I'm, I love this guy. I would've voted for him for Heisman. And then I ended up, and then the, the Raiders take him and I was mad at myself and I was like, wait a second. Your initial feeling was to not overextend to get a running back. What are you doing? That's just how the draft works. Yeah. You know what it is, is like you had, I think, the right plan and then the closer you get to the draft, you just keep saying the words generational talent to yourself. Right. Over and over and over again. By the way, the draft comp comps were all time funny tonight. Yeah. Did you see like, I think Cam Ward, they compared him Patrick Mahomes as his draft comp with Gente.


It was Emmett Smith as his draft comp pretty high bar that they're setting there. Yep. Those Are, yeah. All Famers. But it also credit to us, the NFL talent scouts, all the GMs, 32 GMs out there, Big Cat, Travis Hunter finished the head of Ashton Gente. That's true. That's true. And now I can stop saying that I, if I had a Heisman vote, I would've voted for Ashton Gente. Yeah. So that's nice. Yeah. But he, I think he's gonna be a great running back. Yeah, they Didn't. No, he's gonna be awesome. They Didn't really have much of a running game last year, so they needed it. Yeah. And then we had Ted McMillan going to the Panthers, which I don't know if it was shock. I mean, he was one of those guys that it felt like some people loved him, some people hated him and Calvin Banks going to the Saints, and then the Bears getting Colston Loveland, which I, so, I don't know.


Shit, I'm just gonna go off of what I've read and I'm just gonna read you a couple things I've read. Okay. This is from Eric Alco. He said New Bears, tight end. Colson Loveland was our number two player in the entire draft class, excluding all QBs after Hunter. So he was number two behind Travis Hunter. He's just a notch below Brock Bowers as a prospect. And he finished his second highest graded tight end I've ever graded. I do think from, from the limited amount that I've watched Him, just, just this guy on Twitter, I think that, like Brock Bauers obviously had a great season catching the football. Yeah. And, and doing everything for the Raiders offense last year. Lovelin, from what I've seen, is better when he's in line. Yeah.


And so Ben Johnson loves to use two tight ends. He Said that he, he reminded him of Sam Laporta. Colson Loveland said that Sam Laporta is his favorite tight end to watch. Also, here's another one from Angelo Fantasy that's just like a, a guy in Philly dreaming of cheese steaks. Angelo Fantasy said Loveland was my te one. This year shows advanced manipulative qualities at the stem, specifically when tasked with timing based patterns reminiscent of Trey McBride as a prospect, as well as stylistically Did you say manipulative patterns at the stem, the Manipulative qualities at the stem. That's The one thing that I look for when I'm watching film. That's all I wanted. Yeah. Just find me a guy who's got manipulative qualities at the stem, Just manipulate by stem daddy.


Yeah. So, yeah, I don't, I, I don't know. I mean, I don't know. I think he's gonna be good, but who the fuck knows? So I want him to be good. Are you Happy with Cole Comet? So that's gonna be the interesting thing. I don't, I am happy with Cole T but I don't know what's the plan's gonna be, because I feel like Cole Comet's a good player. Yeah. No, it's when they remember that he's on the field. Yeah. I, I like Cole. TI, I don't know if the Bears, I think they're gonna go with these two tight ends, but they might, Cole Comet's got one year left on his deal. Either way, I like Coleson Loveland just because I read a bunch of people saying he's incredible. And I was like, yeah. And also, did you see the big game hunting he had on his wall? No. What do you have? Oh my God. He had like the biggest elk and deer heads that I've ever seen.


He grew up on a farm. Okay. He, he, it said that he would wake up, like on Saturdays he'd wake up at 6:00 AM to, to, what is it? What is it called when you do the thing with the cow serum? No. Brand. Brand. Them. He'd brand cows. Take a nap, go play Football. You understand why when you're going like this and you're talking about a cow, I thought milk. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. He would, Although that would be more like this. That's, that's jacking off the bull. No, but this would be, this would be milking. Yeah. This is kind of a reverse. This this is more OTPH. Yeah. This is more inseminating. Him. That's ins intimidating your own chest. Yeah. Well, no, I'm going this way. So you're standing behind the cow. Yeah, I'm branding.


Okay. So you're like This. Gotcha. So he used to wake up in the morning brand cows, then play football. Yep. Yeah. I love the guy. Yeah. Great pick. Yeah. With Ted McMillan. The only thing I know for sure about this pick is we were gonna get some fire fire side by side photos of Bryce Young and Ted McMillan. Oh yeah. Because what is he, six five? Six six. Yeah. Little, little Aaron Judge Jose Tu Going on. Yeah. That's the new one. Just dropped. Yeah. Kelvin Banks also, his baby threw up on itself. Yeah, I saw that. I think The draft party, I was that his baby? I don't know. It was a baby. There was a Baby in the room next to him that, that got jostled a little bit in all the excitement. And then the baby just puked everywhere. And that's all of our first experiences with New Orleans.


Yeah. Tyler Warren going to the cults. I, I feel like everyone thought as soon as the Bears took cults in love and I was like, he's gonna, Tyler Warren's gonna be a cult. Any other, I mean we, we don't know. We're gonna have Gruden sit in with us in a second. Oh. Bothered me a little that the Packers took Matthew Golden after McShay told me, told us that he's his number one receiver. I also, the Giants getting Jackson Dart trading back up for Jackson Dart. So that's their qb the future. Shout out Joe Shane's son putting on the Instagram reels. Jackson Dart hype tape, like earlier this morning kind of telegraph that one. The Falcons took a player from Georgia for the first time in like 50 years.


Wow. So I know the Yeah. Jalen Walker, The fan base re he kind of fell. They really wanted somebody from Georgia. Yeah. Because anyone from Georgia will be happy with that. And then they trade back up and get the guy from Tennessee. So That was a, that felt like a lot. They gave up. I mean it doesn't matter if James Pearce is really good and I think there's a chance that he could be, you know, some people were saying that he has the highest ceiling, maybe some character issues. But that was, that felt like a lot to Trait. Yeah. And then unfortunately we had Shado falling and Dion in the Green. I don't know if that's a green room. It was just kinda a warehouse that they Had him all in. Yeah. It was just their party. It was like a rave. It was his house I think. Oh, so they were not in Green Bay? No, they were not. Okay. Yeah. So they were just at a party and Shado did not get picked.


I think that Dion's gonna be so mad. He's gonna start his own league. Mm. He's gonna go home tonight and be like, you know what? So if they don't want you, fuck em. Yeah. The DFL it I, I'll say this, thanks for making the second round. Interesting. Yeah. Like that. That is an interesting thing. What's gonna happen on Friday? It'll probably happen. My guess would be early on. Yeah. You'd hope also the Ravens crushed their draft with Malachi Starks. Malachi Starks is a beast. He's gonna be so good for the Ravens. I had him second on my big board. Yeah. Do you feel good about your, who'd you Take Connerly? Yeah, from Oregon. I, so here's why I feel good about Connerly. He's so, he's an offensive tackle. He's huge. He's got great feet. He played running back and tight end and then he just kept growing and eating.


And now he's just this massive guy with big feet, super athletic. And we got Laramie tonsil on one side. We ha we drafted Brandon Coleman last year that played Left Tackle. So we thought maybe we'd move him over to Right. Tackle. But now we just drafted another tackle And we also have Wiley. Not a problem to, not a bad problem to have Though. So now we've got, we've got a lot of tackles on our team and Sam Cosby's out at right guard. So I would imagine that either Wiley or probably more likely Coleman is gonna move over to Guard for a little bit. And then we'll have Connery on the right side. I have personal experience with Connerley. Hmm. I met the guy. Oh. So when I was flying to Arizona a couple years ago for the Barto Bowl, you remember that? Yeah. I was on the same plane as the Oregon football team.


That's right. As they were getting ready to play against Liberty and Connerly was on the plane. And when he got on the plane, he's the guy I think I told you at the time. Yeah. Yeah. Oregon is so much, they're so Big. Yeah, we bet Oregon in that game. I Was like this, this dude was big. I saw a big man on the plane. He plays for Oregon. I think they're gonna beat the fuck outta liberty. And sure enough, he was just so much bigger than Liberty that he pretty much swallowed them all whole. And they just dominated him in that game. I Remember it because you told us that. And we bet, we bet Oregon and they killed him. Our in-depth Analysis. That's Serendipity. Yeah. Our in-depth analysis was, I saw a big man on plane. We're like, we give money. Yeah. Max Jihad, Jihad. Jihad Campbell.


Jihad Campbell, You're a big Jihad guy. Jihad Campbell seems like a beast. Can't say that I know too much of his tape, but I saw he felt he's how he's guy, he traded up one spot to get him, which is a crazy thing to do. But he traded up one spot to get him how he gets his guy. He was a top 15 guy on everyone's big boards. How he gets him at 31, how he does it again. I wow. I think, I think the Knight was just dragging on and Howie was like, I gotta get a trade in. Yeah. He was Joe in four one. So he hit up Kansas City, he was like, you mind just, let's just do a trade. Get me in on some action right now. I Just need to see the video of the drafts room when Howie realizes that he can get 'em and see how excited he is. And that's how excited I will be because I can already see it in my head right now.


He's gonna be on the phone, he's gonna be like, I got the trade done. We got it done. And then he's gonna high five everyone else there and then I'm gonna be fired up. And he is a hometown kid and he's coming to Philly and he said, the rich is gonna get richer. And we're bringing another Super Bowl back to Philly. Wow. Memes good. Pick memes. Just to refresh real quick, the offensive line grades you gave yourself number one. Number one? Yeah. And what is his name again? Armand. Mabu. There We go. Okay. And then who got number two? You Got number two? And then, oh wow. Wait, but no, you said something else. You said I got what? The best, best left Tackle. I got the best left tackle. Yeah, but you got the best tackle. Best Right. Tackle, but then Best tackle. But then you put Hank third.


Yeah. Well, I I I like Will Campbell. It, it's unfortunate he went to the Patriots. Got it. But did you hear about Vrabel putting his hands on him? Yeah. It sounds like Vrabel got bitch. Oh hey. Bad time to take off your, your kick. I, I heard it. You heard it? What do you think? He's getting old. It's a crazy thing To say. I mean, Mees, it's crazy thing to say Memes, you know that we're gonna have RAs back on the show person. He Recurring guest And if Vrabel beats me up Yeah. And gets arrested and can't coach the season, that's on him. That's true. But we also would let you press charges. Hmm. Memes will press charges Would press charges. Oh, You would? No, you wouldn't would keep him out shut. But wouldn't that make you the biggest bitch? 'cause he got bitched by Will Campbell then he bitched you.


No, but I think I'd be a hero. Okay. Patriots coach goes to jail. Let's get Gruden in here. What do we chefy fit? What happened tonight? He thought, bro thinks he's Andrew Whitworth. I mean that was, you can't do the, the, the tie and the sweatshirt. You know what I mean? I agree. You have to choose one or the other. I agree. I think you can go sweatshirt blazer. Correct. If you're Andrew Whitworth. Correct. If you're not Andrew Whitworth in the Venn diagram, then you have to just wear normal clothes. Correct. And Chefy, he's advanced so far in his career that it's like, you know, we know who you are Chef. Right. You at the most, if you're like joining the Manning cast, then you wear a collared shirt and a quarter zip.


Right, right. All other occasions when you're on television, you should be wearing a suit and tie. I think he just, yeah. He got, he got lost in too much. Here he comes. Coach Gruden. Although I know you guys Worked this hard. We're we're, we're we're live right now, so, or not live, but we're taping. So sit right down. We're, we're not gonna keep you long. It's late. He's drinking wine right now out of a ow blue coffee cup. I love that. All right, put the mic in front of you. Okay. And let's talk a little ball and then we'll get you, first of all, let's ask you this. This is, it's a, it's 11:00 PM It's 1115 right now. Is it, is it too late? Is it too late for, for Coach Gruden? 'cause you get up at like four in the morning.


Yeah, I do. Get up. Well put on, put the mic. Let's see. Max is getting it. It's 1215 In Tampa. Yeah. It's 1215 in Tampa. How are you feeling? I feel good man. I feel I love it man. I love the vibe here. Yeah. Bars, stool. There's a lot of young talented guys that love sports and gals and, And and did Steven ch only get six right tonight If he's lucky He got six. Yeah. It's tough. It is a hard, it's a hard crap shoot to pick, you know that. Yeah. Yeah. How do you think about, how do you feel about draft grades? I personally love them because the guys that give out draft grades right after the fact, what they're really grading you on is how, how well did the teams do in living up to what I projected them to do.


So they're really being like, I will give you an A if you think that I am correct, I'd like to take the GRA draft grades and go back on 'em after a year or two. Yeah, yeah. You know, I mean you get the draft grade the day after the draft, who gives it rat's ass. Yeah. But after two years, you know, you give the team a D or you give 'em an A. It's a more profitable evaluation I think because you actually got to evaluate your players. Yeah. Yeah. How the hell do you know if they're any good or not the next Day? That's a fact. That's a fact. Alright, so big picture. What, what did anything surprise you tonight? Did you think there was any, not grades but like winners or losers or you like someone's, you know, moves more than others? I love what the Giants did. Oh, okay. I love what they did.


I thought, you know, they need a quarterback. The Browns need a quarterback. The Steelers need a quarterback. They don't have a quarterback. But the Giants got Abdulah Carter who I think's a really good player. Yeah. Now you got Brian Burns, you got Thi Bodo, you got Dexter Lawrence, you got some guys who can at least get after guys like Jayden Daniels and, and Hertz Mobil quarterbacks in the NFC East. And then they have the guts, you know, day ball's been under fire, been on his ass, they move up and they take Jackson Dart. I think those are two really good picks for the Giants. Yeah. And if they come through that, that changes their dynamic of their team. What about, what'd you make of the Jaguars Browns Tree?


Yeah, I was shocked. What Jacksonville did I know Jacksonville, I felt they needed a star. I live in Florida and the Jaguars are kind of a faceless franchise. Trevor Lawrence just has not exerted himself. It's not like, hey I gotta get a Trevor Lawrence jersey. He's been a disappointment. Really? ETN. Who are the Jacksonville Jaguars? Maybe Josh Allen, Trayvon Walker. I mean they needed somebody that had star power sell some tickets, get people excited. I just don't know what they're gonna do with him. Right. I really think he's a receiver. Yeah. I think he can impact the game and help their quarterback at receiver.


I think you're whistling Zippity do do out your butt if you think he's gonna play both ways in the NFL in that. So what, so why? Well I had Charles Woodson probably one of the great football players to ever do it. He played both ways and won the Heisman just like this guy did. And he was 20 pounds heavier and Charles wanted to play offense also. But it's hard to play defense. You know, it's hard. It's a hard deal man. Every week's a different offense. Different receivers, different quarterbacks, different game plan. You just can't go from that meeting to this meeting. Not many people have done it. You guys have studied it your whole life. Name two or three guys in the modern era of football that have done it.


Right. Sammy Ball. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I didn't see Sammy play and I'm 61 years old so we really have to be crazy to think a rookie's gonna come in here and do that right away. On the other side of it though, I liked what the Browns did. I Did too. I like the fact that got those picks. They got the picks. They got a great player in Mason Graham. They did. And I, I liked that The Browns basically, to me it's like they were honest with themselves. We're not close. So let's, let's, let's get more picks draft capital. Yeah. Knowing that this is a full rebuild right now. 'cause we missed on Deshaun Watson and so that, that gives them bullets for the next year Or two. Well Stefanski, he's been the two time coach of the year, so I'm sure he's got a little contract.


You know, they got some confidence in him and maybe they go get Shadur know. I know. Maybe they go get Will Howard and maybe we overed Shadur too. I mean I hate to say it, but I'm shocked that he didn't go after all the hoop law. Yeah. And all the hype that went in to the pre-draft ceremonies. Yeah. When it comes to making these trades on draft, on draft night, if you're sitting in the war room, do some GMs just call you up and they offer insultingly like low value trades just to see if you're dumb enough to Take it. It's not like fantasy football. Like I'm a fantasy football owner. I would call Big Cat and say, Hey, I'll give you a six round pick for Pat Mahomes just to piss him off to see, you know, if he's that dumb, if he'd really do it Right.


You know, that doesn't happen. Every once in a while you might get a call. Where are you serious? But these general managers, they know they're dealing with professional people that know the value of their play and They're all going off a similar chart. Yeah. They have a chart. They know if, if you're talking about trading draft picks that that's one thing I was surprised Kurt Cousins didn't get traded. I thought perhaps he could get traded to the Cleveland Browns and maybe that's in the cards now. Cleveland has some arsenal with this draft hall they got. Maybe they go get cousins for one year, see if he can rejuvenate his career in Cleveland. And it'll be interesting to see.


But everybody's pretty solid when it comes to trade Proposals. Yeah. Alright. I know a guy you talked to at the Super Bowl, Ashton Genti got picked six to the Raiders. What are your, what are your beliefs in drafting a running back that high? Do you think he is worth that type of pick? You know, it's obviously a new regime in, in Las Vegas. So like do you think that it, it just doesn't happen very often? Yeah, I, I used to argue that Mel Kuper, when I was doing the ESPN draft, Kuper said you don't take running backs in the first round. I said well Earl Campbell was the first pick. Tony Dorsett wasn't bad. Emmett Smith turned out okay. Yeah. You know, it all depends on a year by year basis.


You know, who are the top 10 players in the draft. I don't think this year's draft was as strong as people want it to be for TV purposes. I mean, COVID impacted this class. So did the NIL and the transfer portal, I mean the number one pick in a draft played on three different teams. Yeah. And I don't know if that's beneficial for his career. I don't believe it is. But a lot of these guys don't go to spring practice. They're coming out as juniors. They don't play in the same system for multiple years. It's a different process now. So it's a crap shoot. To answer your question, I don't even know. Yeah. Yeah. What about buca to, to Tampa Bay? Yeah. I love buca.


You know Will Howard was in our office. Yep. And he echoed our feelings, what we saw on tape. BUCA's a great receiver. Now back to back 1000 yard seasons tough as hell. He can line up in the slot. He can mismatch you as a receiver on the perimeter and he can be a punt returner. And Howard loved him. He's a unselfish guy, understands the game, knows who to block, can't wait to block. He's an unselfish badass. That's a good pick. And it tells me perhaps, you know, Chris, God wins rehab is not gone on schedule. Maybe he won't be ready to start the season. Mike is a great receiver. Yeah. But he is gotta be going into his 14th, 13th season and you gotta have firepower at that position to be great.


Yeah. I kinda like what they're doing. They're, they're kind of showing B, we're gonna continue to commit to giving you the best possible targets. Yeah. Because when their offense, when they were passing the ball, well they looked like a great team outta the NFC. You know, I saw 'em play live. I told you guys the last time when they played the 49 ERs, I was at the game. I did not know Bucky Irving was that good. Yeah. And Rashad White is another good back. And they're offensive line. Their center, the rookie, they took the first rounder. He's a hell of a player. And Gick and WFS are as two good tackles as there are. This is a hell of a football team on offense. Yeah. And now you got Evans and you got Bouquet. I don't dunno how to say his name yet, but I'll learn. And now you got the potential of Chris Godwin coming back and McMillan was a good pick from Washington.


Yeah. So they're a good team. That could be great. And they gotta solve their problems on defense. Yeah. I, by the way, I've loved watching the Gruden quarterback camp. Yeah. We had a lot of fun with Those guys. It's, it's very good. So who was the most impressive person that you talked to? Well, the guy that got picked tonight was really impressive. You know, Jackson was, he was great Will Howard was phenomenal. They were all very, very good. I think this Kyle McCord, this, this GaN guy, he might not get drafted until the third, fourth, fifth round. But all of these guys are good players. You know, all it takes is somebody to believe in you. You got your job, he got his, I got my job because somebody believed in me. And I remember coaching Ty Detmer in Philadelphia.


I believed in him. I believed in Rich Gannon in Oakland. And sometimes that's all these guys need is somebody that believes in them. Yeah. And I hope Will Howard gets his shot because he's a winner man and he's a big, strong, tough son of a bitch man and a great competitor. How, how sick did it make you when Jackson Dart said that he doesn't have a snap count, he just clap. Yeah. It killed. I saw that. That clip was incredible. Pretty much all of them did the same thing. Really. You know, none Of 'em have learned. Well that's the thing. We'll talk about this I'm sure hopefully in the future, but a lot of people say the game is evolving. The game is evolving. Parts of the game are dissolving. Okay.


We just had Steve de Berg in my office, he's 71 years old. He threw for 34,000 yards. He played for the Chiefs, he played for the Bucks, the Dolphins. He played for all kind of different teams. One of the great ball handling play faking quarterbacks ever. And he helped Peyton Manning learn how to play fake. You don't even see a play action pass anymore. You see the RPO, he pulls it outta the running back's chest. But you know, parts of this game are dissolving and the snap count has almost totally, Yeah. Dissolved. Yeah. Alright. Any other, any other teams that you're like, I I think they did a great job and they, I mean I always just say whoever the Ravens pick, it's gonna be a good pick.


Selfishly, I love what the Ravens did, man. Yeah. I love Malachi Starks and I get, I get personally attached to players. That's the biggest fault I have. A lot of the players, ah, Gruden, you drafted so and so. He's not Well fuck, I love that guy. You know, I get attached to these guys when I meet him and I spent time with him. There's certain guys you cherish, you wanna be around, you want to help, you wanna see succeed. And Malachi Starks, he comes in my office, you know, he's a badass. He has this, he has this presence about him. He's a great communicator. He's big, strong, experienced. He's just a clutch game changing player. And for the Ravens to get him and pair him with Kyle Hamilton and Bobby Humphrey, I, I'm telling you, that was a big pickup for Baltimore tonight.


Yeah. He's an awesome player. I wanted him. Yeah, that's, that's that was my guy. So Mike Vrabel, apparently he worked out all the guys, all the big guys that he was thinking about drafting, put his hands on him. And he said that Will Campbell felt the best to him. Felt the strongest. Have you, do you get physical with draft picks if you're interviewing him? No. That must be a Patriot thing. It must be the Tuck rule. Bullshit. You know, I don't, I don't feel the guy's Butt cheeks to see if he's for me, what I get better evaluation To. I got a question about the Falcons. So they take Jalen Walker at 15 and they come back into the first round and take James Pierce at 26 2 guys. They don't play exactly the same way, but you know, you know, you're hoping they're gonna be edge rushers, Jalen Walker can maybe move around a little bit more.


Is that weird to take two guys and also come back into the round to not like you see with quarterbacks. But they did trade a, a decent haul to come back into the first round. I was surprised by that. Yeah. They gave up a lot to get for the 26th pick. You would think it would be a quarterback. Right. 'cause a lot of teams will do it to get the control to Pick. I love Tennessee. My wife cheered at Tennessee. I go back to Tennessee. I got a place in Tennessee. I want to love Pierce. I don't see Pierce as a run defender yet. I don't see him wearing the big boy pants and doing what you need to do to be that kind of a player where you give up a first round pick and, and and other picks to get 'em. Right. But I know the Falcons need a pass.


Us Judon was a disappointment no matter how we slice it. They had no pressure on the pastor. They got rid of Grady Jarret. They do go and get a good player from Georgia in round one. And I'm hoping Pierce starts to realize his potential. But I thought he was a major disappointment this year for Tennessee personally. What about what the Eagles did? So the Eagles moved up one spot. That was a shocking trait. I mean, I don't know how that works. Yeah, I, I guess I know Andy Reid and how are good friends. So maybe there was some personal information exchanged there, but I've never seen you go up one spot and give up a fifth round pick from 32 to 31. And then they, they take a linebacker.


You know, Philadelphia, you gotta give Howie Roseman credit. If one guy knows how to pick players, it's him and Kobe Dean had an injury late in the year against Packers in the playoffs to get a guy like Campbell 6 3, 2 40 that can run and athletically do the things he does. That's a solid pick. I'm sure Vic Fangio will know what to do with them. But that was a weird, that was a weird transaction. And then Andy Reed gets Josh Simmons, I think the best tackle in the draft. Yeah. Provided he's healthy. Yeah. It, it, I felt like Howie just, he's addicted to making trades. Yeah. He needs some action going. And so the night was almost over and he's like, I gotta squeeze one in just after the end the night. Yeah. Well they lost some players too. You know, PFT, they lost Milton Williams. They lost Josh Sweat.


They lost Darius Slay. I remember when we won our Super Bowl, we lost some players. People take him away from you and you, you have a hard time replacing 'em when you don't have salary cap space and you don't have a high draft pick. But this guy, Howie Roseman has found a way to do it. Yeah. I, I, I'm scared about Campbell. I feel like he's, he's the guy that everybody was looking at and be like, how is he still on the board? Yeah. I like I you're right. Josh Simmons, the chiefs made a lot of sense and I feel like that's gonna be a good pick for them. The other one that I liked, I and I, this is just my dumb brain, football brain. But the Steelers taking a defensive tackle being like, Hey look, cam Hayward is, is at the end here.


He hasn't retired. Right? He's still playing. I don't, I don't No, he's still there. I think he retired. I think his pitch count is gonna be not what it used to Be. Yeah. But that it's like, hey, we had this guy who was the anchor of our defense. We need another guy who's gonna be a younger, Well they had this Larry Ogan Joby Yeah. Who played pretty good for him. He's gone. So they need a defensive tackle now they got one quarterback on their roster. I know. I don't know. I don't know what they're doing baby. Aaron Rogers like he's gonna solve all your problems. It sounds great. But two years ago he was out for the year and last year I think he had his hands on the ball inside the two minute drill five times with a chance to win and didn't get it done. Right. And he's not in camp right now.


Right. You know, so you gotta learn the offense, you gotta build some comradery with your team. I don't know what Pittsburgh's doing at quarterback. I was kind of shocked they didn't take a quarterback at number 21. But they got a defensive tackle and good for them. Yeah. What do you think about some players that are coming out that might be a little bit undersized? You see reports like they need to get a little bit stronger once they get to the NFL. How do you evaluate a guy like that where you're like, he just needs to get stronger and then he'll be great as opposed to a guy that you look at at and you're like, I think he's about as strong as he can possibly be. Yeah. That's where you, you bring your strength coach in. He's got all the measurables, you know, they measure your bone sizes, your growth capacity.


They take a look at your strength numbers. That's why they test at the combine. The problem is a lot of these guys don't even go to the combine and work out anymore. I mean, will Johnson, the corner from Michigan, I guess did not run a 40 From what I'm told, a lot of the quarterbacks won't run. So it's not as conclusive as it used to be. It's not as well known what people actually run, what their true strength is. But you can measure their body fat and you get a sense of their work ethic and you gotta interview the people and the training staff. You gotta interview the people that this guy's been associated with to try to imagine where he is headed with his strength and his true capacity.


Yeah. Do you have a favorite draft pick? I loved all my draft picks. I, I was asked me and I've had some players that didn't perform that they say are busts. Well I'm convinced if I was still coaching they wouldn't be busts. Yeah. You know what I mean? Selfishly that's the mindset that I have. I mean I love Max Crosby. That's easy to say. Hunter Renfro was a favorite draft pick of mine. Can we Get it back in the league? He's gonna be back. He watch this week. You're gonna see a transaction. I love it. Yeah. He'll be back in football. He belongs in the league. He's physically ready to go. He'll be an exciting addition. Love that. Yeah. I also think I, I'm just ripping off a couple, I, I think the Cowboys did the anti cowboys thing where people thought maybe they were gonna take a wide receiver and they, they were like, Hey we need someone to, that's what they Did though.


Z Up. But Zack Martin just retired. Yeah. Like Yeah. That's what they did 20 years ago with Ty Smith and Zach Frederick, Zach Martin start building in the Trenches together. They started building those guys. The left tackle in Dallas is a first round pick. Yeah. Didn't play very good last year. The kid they took from Tulsa as a first round pick three years ago, Bebe's a second round pick. And now they took another first rounder. But I think this Booker guy, did you see him? Yeah. Running around the facility. Yeah. I mean I, I just think this booker, he's the straw that's gonna stir the drink in Dallas. He's gonna get that group to come together and he might kick the shit out of all of 'em if they don't. He's that kind of personality, that kind of presence. I think he's just what the Cowboys need.


I love that Pick. And, and I, the other two that I, I liked, I thought the Seahawks doing the same thing where they're gonna get a, you know, an offensive lineman 'cause you gotta protect Sam. Darn. And then I kind of liked what the Chargers did just because you need weapons on that offense. It had, it didn't have the pop and you need, you know, they took Amari and Hampton from UNC. Yeah. I was surprised by that. I mean they just signed Najee Harris. Yeah. And I like Najee. Najee has four straight 1000 yard seasons. He's almost the same size as Hampton. So now you got two halfbacks. Don't get me wrong. They're good to have but they Wanna run the ball though. They're Gonna wanna run the, the ball. Well I watched the playoffs. They got a bunch of Neanderthals. They look like a sumo wrestling team. They got Justin Herbert at quarterback.


You know, they gotta throw the ball in an indoor facility like they play in perfect conditions. I just thought they would take two or three receivers and help this guy throw the rock. 'cause he is really good At it. I think they'll end up taking one later in the draft. I just think that Harbaugh wants to run the ball and I mean they're, they're just gonna be set up to run the just smash mouse football, You know. Well they didn't run the ball against Houston. They couldn't, you know, they didn't run the ball. I think you gotta throw the ball a little bit to run the ball. Yeah, true. Good point. But I know all you guys are big hardball fans. I am too. Yeah. But they have three tight ends. They got a defensive lineman playing fullback. I know you wanna run the ball, but you got Justin Herbert's all I'm saying. Yeah, maybe A wide receiver sprinkle in a wide receiver. Yeah, Just a little bit.


Yeah. Yeah. What about the Broncos? They got Baron at at cornerback? Yeah, they're, they're like taking their strength and making it a mega strength. They had 65 sacks last year. We all know about Ctan. He's a hell of a player to get a guy like hga, I think I'm saying it right. Yeah. From the 49 ERs. Yeah. He's a badass man. If he's healthy and now you get Baron who can play the nickel, he can play in the slot, he can play in the safety position, he can play corner. He's a strategic weapon. And Vance Joseph's a good defensive coordinator, but they got better. I was hoping they took Trayvon Henderson. I wanted to get a speedy running back. Yeah. 'cause I love Sean Peyton And we go way back, but I, I can't deny they got a good player tonight.


One last thing for you. I saw that you were talking about hanging out with Genty and did he introduce you to Migos? Yeah. Migos. Is that how it went? Yeah, I've been learning about music. Yeah. You know, I got Genty got on Amigos and I'm not just a fan. I mean I'm, I'm a true blooded listener. Yeah. And you know, young boy. Yeah. I got some of that. Broke. Broke. I, I even got into Chris Brown after talking with your guy Jayn Daniels. Okay. He turned me onto to Chris Brown. Jackson Dart has helped me out a little bit. I'm evolving. Yeah. In the music world. Yeah, I like that. I'm gonna straighten you guys out when I see you next time I come through Chicago. But I miss you guys. It's great to see You.


Yeah. To see you too. It's great to see you too. And thank you for coming out. What'd you think the Bears pick? I Listen, I'm just gonna trust whatever Ben Johnson. Oh Shit. That's a cop out. Here's, Here's, I'll tell you the honest, alright. Yeah. The bear, the, the first nine picks broke poorly for the bears in terms of like what you were hoping where it's like, hey, maybe Ashton Genty Falls, maybe Mason Grand Falls. It basically went in order of like, you know, you had what, two or two offensive linemen. All these guys get picked. I think Ben Johnson, he, he sees a little Sam Laporta in in Colson Loveland. It's gonna be a big part of the offense. Two tight end sets. And Bluman, our guy Bluman said he was, he was his number one ranked tight end.


So I Love Lovelin too. He's a mismatched guy. Yeah. You gotta watch him a couple years ago because this year, Yeah. He didn't have a quarterback, He didn't have a passing game And he was also hurt. He just had surgery in, in January. So I went to the Outback Bowl in Tampa, whatever they call it. They played Alabama. So I got to go to Michigan and meet Coach Moore and watch the Wolverines practice. And he wasn't practicing. Yeah. Did not play in the bowl game. But they love him at Michigan. Yeah. I was just kind of curious what they're gonna do with Cole commit. I thought he would be a good pass receiver in Ben Johnson's offense. So Yeah, I don't know if it's gonna be, yeah. I don't know. But if you're gonna play two tight ends. Yeah. Here's the problem. Which receiver do you take off the field? DJ Moore.


The, the kid from Washington or Keenan Allen? Well, I don't think Keenan Allen's, I mean, I don't gonna be on the bear so we'll get him off the field. Okay, Well if Keenan Allen's, There's, there You go. There you go. There's a problem. Solve the problem. There's a problem solved tonight. Look how easy That is. 'cause when I watched Alliance Play, they play what I call 11 personnel. You got one back, one tight in three receivers. They did actually a lot. I saw the stat because I basically, the minute a pick gets made, you just go and look for all the positive affirmation. And it was Ben Johnson I think was like second or third in the league, in two tight end sets. 33% of the time. So he, he he's gonna do it. We're gonna, we're we're gonna fucking listen. Colson Loveland, that was my number one.


I told you it was my number one. I know you called it. You walked in. I gave you credit, man. I might've been tipped Off Ft walked in, he fumbled, he threw a pick six when he walked in. Oh, That's, that's not True at all. He was asking for Malachi Starks. I did. I said Malachi Starks. But that was after the Ravens had already taken him. I was just bummed out. I said I had Malachi Starks too. Oh, I got, yeah. And you remember last year who I had number one on my big board, right? Yes. Who was that? Daniels? Jayden. Daniels number one on the big board. No, I I, I can vividly remember getting that shoved down my throat and boy did you hit that right on the freaking lottery man. Yeah. So I did screw it up because Nate screwed it up for me. 'cause he told me that Mike Green got picked. Remember that?


Yeah. So Mike Green, I, I kinda like Mike Green. I watched a bunch of his highlights last week, and that dude seems like he should have been picked in the first round. Mike Green, the kid from Boston College, the safety from South Carolina. Those are the top three, I think, defensive players that are coming, coming right off the board. But I never did get my sane still jersey. Oh, you want this one? Well, no, I mean, no. Take this one. No, I I'm not taking it off your back. Well, you, me, You mentioned it because You know I You'd like it. No, I I'm not taking that. Take it. No, I don't want that. No, he is giving it to you. Take it. You gotta take it now. I I don't want it anymore. You Gotta take it. Okay. I, I'm gonna to get a er, league jersey.


Here we go. I'm gonna give you my Monday night football tie Nance, I wore this tie on Monday Night Football. It's the first time I, I've worn it. I think this was the Vikings Packers tie. Wow. I'm gonna give you this history. And it's my first bar stool draft analyst tie. Yeah, that's a Brooks Brothers tie. We're gonna, we gotta frame it. Put it up. Oh. But Anyways, one moment. I gotta go now. Game, Spec game. It's late. It's late. I, I, I really do admire you guys, man. The work you guys do. I appreciate it, man. We, we Appreciate you coach. Set Freaking tone around here. Yeah. Gotta set the tone. You Know what? You need to set a freaking tone. Yeah. I love it. And Standard is the standard.


They always Standard is the Standard. No, it was great though, tonight and seeing Jersey Jerry swallow a grape and he took a defensive tackle, didn't he? Oh, thank you coach. He Was so excited. Yeah. He Thought he was gonna get Shay. Oh yeah, he did. He was going. Shay heard of. Yeah. Okay. Thanks Coach Gruden, real quick, we're about to get to our NBA and NHL playoff recap, which we were taping while some of the games were going on. We should probably update the Grizzlies lost, but they did cover. And also Ja Morant is very injured. And Lou Dot, as a Lou Dork guy, I disavowed. That was not a good play.


Yeah, that was bad. That was really bad. It was bad. Jaw landed. It looked like, where, where'd he land? It looked like just on his face, like on his hip. His body hit flatly. Yeah. So his hip not good. That was all th thunder. I mean, jaw not being in the Grizzlies are very limited offensively, but they did hold the grizzlies to 31 second half points. That was bad. That was really bad. Lou dot, we gotta be better. I'm a dorst chamber guy. But yeah, you're gonna hear us recapping live and I think we said that the Grizzlies were gonna win, but then John Morant got hurt. Gift Beliefs. Yeah. What did I say? Yeah, you believe I, I said just wait. Yeah, but the Grizzlies did cover.


That's true. Yeah. So, and I took 'em plus eight and a half. So they did cover, but that was thunder. Thunder are gonna sweep just like we thought from the beginning.


Alright, we gotta do real quick, before we get to our playoff recaps, we're gonna do our first baskets, which we all got wrong. So this is for Friday night DraftKings. We're gonna give you our picks for first Bask basket scores on Friday night. NBA playoffs are finally here. It's about to get wild, high, high stakes drama, insane buzzer beaters, jaw dropping dunks in the excitement you live for. And guess what? DraftKings Sports record, official sports betting partner, the NBA is giving you a chance to boost your winnings every single game during the playoffs. That's right. Every game, all playoffs long. DraftKings is rolling out a special NBA Profit Boost. So what are you waiting for? Download the DraftKings Sportswear app and use code take to claim your profit Boost. That's right. Code take. Get you a boost for every single NBA playoff game. Don't miss your shot at Big Wins. This is the moment you've been waiting for. Only on DraftKings. Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Boydton, Ontario. Get one NBA profit Boost per game after opt-in Boost expires at the end of each game. Boosts bet criteria and maximum bet limits vary. See terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, what do we got for first Basket? Also Christop. For zi. We did call correctly the, the Clippers. That one we called early and they fucking killed the nuggets. I'm gonna go Derrick White. That's Christop is plus 4 25. Oh. 'cause it doesn't matter, right? Yeah, it's not a parlay. Derrick White is plus eight 50. All right, give me what's Giannis. It's probably low. I'm just trying to see one. Go through. Giannis is Plus three 50. All right, love it. Did me Just make the nerd nugget? Yeah, he did. Was that the, that was the sound memes. I'm gonna go with Luca Plus five 50.


Okay. All right. Let's kick it to ourselves. We got NBA and NHL playoffs, and then we have Justin Thomas and Fire Fest.


Okay, before we get to the rest of the show and talk some playoff action, we are brought to you by our friends at KFC. The future of Dunking is here. The Dunk it bucket is no ordinary release. It's a first of its kind customizable flavor. Experience. KFC is introducing the first ever bucket built for Dunking. It's an interactive, crave worthy food experience designed for ultimate dipping, dunking, sharing, and devouring. Now with the new Dunk it bucket, KFC is inviting everyone to get in on all the delicious possibilities and dunk it their way. Because Dunking isn't just for basketball legends anymore. It's for everyone. KSC Dunk IT Challenge may be over, but you can still dunk, dip and devour with the KFC. Dunk IT bucket. We love KFC. We love the dunk IT bucket. It is revolutionary first of its kind, customizable flavor experience. You gotta do it with the Dunk IT bucket. They're inviting everyone to get on all the delicious possibilities and dunk it their way. Because Dunking isn't just for basketball legends anymore. It's for everyone. It's so delicious. KFC Dunk IT challenge may be over, but you can still dunk, dip and devour with the KFC Dunk IT bucket.


We are also brought to you by our friends at Gametime NBA playoffs are here. And the only place to buy hard to get playoff tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports with killer last minute deals, all in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to tip off. You can save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets. We're looking at tickets for the Bucks Pacers Friday night. Tonight. Tonight. I think the PI think the Bucks are gonna make this series. Interestingly. I think they're gonna go on a run starting tonight. And you can get in the building for just $60. Ooh. On the Gametime app. Okay. The PHI Serve Great, great arena. So what are you waiting for? Buy those tickets to the Bucks Pacers tonight for $60. Take the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it, Gametime?


Okay. Let's talk some playoffs. We can go chronological order. Hank. Yeah. Up two. Oh, easy on the magic easy. Tatum was invisible. Didn't play. That was a joke. I know. Yeah. But I think that, I mean, this is all, this series doesn't, it's just the Mavericks are just playing magic. Are just playing like scum. Yeah. Well that's, that's the thing. It's like if you're, if you're a really good team and you play borderline dirty, then you're just a really gritty team. If you're not quite that next level team and you play really dirty, then you're just dirty. And that's kind of what the magic are falling into right now. I Don't know if they're playing dirty as much as they're just not like coordinated and good.


They're just getting beaten, getting mad. Yeah. They're being, You're talking about that one place specifically? Yeah. Where got elbowed In the forehead? Yeah. Oh. Like, I think he just doesn't understand how to control his body. I saw that guy fall down and I was like, is is that guy okay? Yeah. Right. I I was like, you're just, you're just kind of a spazz. Yeah. That wasn't dirty. That was like a a a like an like a 12-year-old that like an overgrown 12-year-old. Yeah. Trying to figure out their limbs. That Guy was all elbows and knees. Yeah. Fantastic for the DVD though, that those are the moments you need. Yeah. And you had the Joe Missoula quote afterwards saying, I like watching him bleed on the court. I think that's important. Talking about Chris stops pingus awesome pictures for Pingus. Like those I, if, if I were Zynga, I'd have those framed in my house.


Well, And we, it was happened on the podcast the other night when LeBron went down and I was like, joking because I was like, oh, LeBron just died. And the video came out where Oh, So good. And he Was on the ground and then you could, there was a zooming angle of him, like opening his eyes to see if anyone was like, worried about him and then just got right up. Yeah. And then You got the side by side with him and Pingus with a bandaid. They brought him back on the court. They didn't wipe him down at all. No. It looked like he had just like a, a mohawk died into his head of blood. Yeah. I, I would say though, for the Celtics, like obviously I, I would assume Tatum's fine. He, they're just sitting out 'cause they don't take the magic seriously. The big story was the Jalen Browns. He was holding two, two bags on, on his way up the plane today, so. Oh, Okay. How heavy though? No bandage double Bags. But how heavy?


Like a big, like, you know, nice Louie like, what? But wouldn't that be interesting if one of 'em was empty? Yeah. What was in the bags? Clothes probably, but, But it could be an empty bag. Okay. We're Talking about like a, I Guess I don't, to your point, I don't think they're, they need to play those type of mind games. Are we talking about like a thick people knit sweater? Or we talking about a silk shirt? Wait, clothes Can be heavy closed for a Road trip. Hold on. Time out. You don't think Joe Missoula would be like, Hey Jason, hold this empty bag on the way up the, the steps. That's True. But that's also something. Maybe you save The, the empty bag trick. Yeah. Okay. I think Joe Missoula actually might give him a heavy bag to carry Up. So the story from this game is, did the Celtics user empty bag trick too early Celtic, the Playoffs did tic, Did the Celtics empty the bag?


Some high level analysis right here. Yeah. Yeah. Jalen Brown looks completely healthy. 36 points. He was awesome. That would be your big takeaway I would think. Yeah. Is like, 'cause I mean obviously his knee going into the playoffs was like, I hope he's okay. Also, this was a weird game. 'cause it was one of those, it was, it was like a torture game because the Celtics never, they were always up about 10. Never could like do the kill shot, but it was never the magic could win the game. Right. So you like, ha you like kind of were watching and being like, oh, you never know. Oh, it's eight and then you're like, no, but it's never gonna happen. Yeah.


So with Tatum, how far can you go without Tatum? How long could, could you conceivably keep him on the bench? Well, I mean, to the top of the, the plane with the Empty bags up all the stairs. Yeah. Yeah. 33,000 feet is what you're saying. Easily. Yeah. But no. How far, how far do you think you could make it just by, by sitting him? I don't know. And luckily we're not gonna have to find out. I hope. Luckily we're not going to have to find out. I Hope. But is it's a great team. It's a complete, you know, it's a team effort. Jalen Brown in his comments today said the, the offense runs through Jason. Like he's our playmaker. But when I need to step up, I have, I have the ability to do that. So I think they, you know, if Jalen Brown went out to be the same thing, but you want 'em both together. Like it, we need everyone healthy.


I just loved how much Porus loved his own blood. Yeah. He like came jogging back on the court. He was like, this is kind of fun. Yeah. It was Five stitches. I think it was WWE or a w was in Boston recently. He was like in the, in the front row. It looked like he cut himself with a razor blade. Was was such a perfect forehead cut. He liked the wrestling, like the wrestling moment. Yeah. And Franz and Paolo are still good. It's just the rest of the magic or not. Yeah. Yeah. This is just, you're just waiting out the time. Who you, who you got next? Nicks ding, bong Nicks or, or Pistons? Ding Bong Celtics Tatum. Doubtful for game three with severe wrist bruise. Okay. So that bag was empty. Severe wrist Bruise. That bag was empty.


I could see Joe Missoula putting extra weight in it and just having him carry up the steps and be like, I want the least painful part of your week to be when you're playing basketball. Yeah. Or Like I, and then getting Reinjured mighty duck situation. He put it in the bag to see how Yeah. The Adam Banks. Yeah. Can you hold the, can you hold the stick Cavs heat ca calves are up 2.0. This was a, the, the C'S second quarter was one of the best shooting quarters I've ever seen. They went 11 for 14 from three Absolutely crushed him. And then the heat actually fought back and got a call. I think they got to a two point game and then Donovan Mitchell just went nuts. Yeah. So Mobley got what defensive player of The year. He did. That's Pretty cool for him. Yeah. So he's always been a great defender.


But it, it's good to see him recognize in this game I was playing softball Hmm. During it. Yeah. So we'll get to that a little bit later. But again, this goes along my policy of not really paying attention to anybody in the East East. Yeah. Besides the Celtics. Yeah. They, I mean it was like the calves, the calves were up by a lot. And I give credit to the moral victory for the heat is what I'd call it. I mean, moral victory for the, they fought back that they are in the playoffs. Yeah. Well and also fighting back in this game. 'cause like I said, 1114 from three in the second quarter Also Tyler here, I'll probably be taking some of his props on DraftKings. Oh yeah. Yeah. After Called them out, they Said what the Cavs need to do to continue to win. He said pick on Tyler hero.


Yeah. Why do you say that? Well, 'cause that's Yeah. Why? I know I don't get me wrong Big Cat. I know why you would think that, but why do you say it? I don't, I think that I, it's a wild, It is wild. There's No Reason to say something That why I think there's nothing Tyler Hero can do. So they don't Poke the bear. Don't poke the Bear. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean he, they're talking about defense still. Right. But he was good offensively. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if Tyler Hiro in his bag, But I guess it's like you're, you know, if you're, you're pushing your opponent to try, I guess, you know. Yeah. I think they're saying like, he's not gonna be able to guard us. Yeah. And we're gonna, we're just gonna keep getting switches till we Find him. It's like when Bain is like, where's your precious Batman now? Yeah. I mean, it's happened. I mean what, last year in the, in the NBA finals, they were just like, let's just keep switching till we find Luca.


It happened too. This is, this is what they do in the playoffs. They didn't, they hunt like we're just hunting. They hunt. They hunt for someone. But It's rare that you would like publicly say. Yeah. Hey that guy. Hey. Excuse me Mr. Journalist. I just wanna say that that guy sucks. I think the Cavs probably are not scared of the heat Appears that way. Appears Way They almost blew That game. They almost blew that game. Warriors Rockets is that's, it is just a fist fight. And Jimmy Butler might be out for a while. I don't know how do we have any update on his injury? But he hurt his Butt. It was a, it was a contusion. A contused pelvis. Oh, memes just had to tell Max. Hey, they're talking about update on Jimmy Butler.


Go look it up. Memes. Do you, do you think you should be running the computer? If I, I need a third computer. I'm doing, I'm doing two audio and video. I just need a third One so they, so that Max can just sit back. The Eagles are coming up on the clock. I'm looking, I'm trying to figure out what's going on. You said quote. I can't wait to not care about who we pick. I know, but then when it comes down to it, I, I'm, I'm curious. I mean, just find who Howie Roseman find who was mocked. Wait, the Eagles. You are not coming up on Clock. Even number 24, you're eight more Picks that's coming up. No, It's, That's Eight is cut. Coming, coming up. Coming up. You gotta be like three or four way That's is coming Up. That's coming up. But it's not. I'm gonna stop doing my job because the pick is coming up. Coming up. That's No.


Yeah. Come Dude. Eight picks is like an hour away. This is, this is crazy. No, you're crazy. It Is draft time. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm worried about the birds. What whatcha looking at? I I'm, he He was worried about the eagles coming up. Coming up, but worried. And how in what way? The commanders are coming up. What? Four picks before the Eagles? I'm not worried about 'em. I'm not worried. I was just curious. I was looking to see, I was looking, Do you even know what you're looking up right now? Yeah. Jimmy Butler diagnosed with deep glute muscle contusion. Oh. Mm. That's on his pelvis. Right? I don't even think I have that muscle Ass. No, I mean the deep have an muscle. You have an ass, But deep glute muscle. I don't think you can even get to that.


This Is why Hank will never miss a, a playoff game in the NBA. Yeah. I don't even have a glute muscle. I don't know how I would injure my deep glute Muscle. Well, it might have something to do with just falling directly on your ass because maybe And, and when it, when it happened, everybody was like, they, they were pointing fingers at, at Draymond they were pointing fingers all over the place. Draymond didn't do anything. I wanna absolve Draymond in this collision. I like Draymond. I liked what he said after the game. What'd he say? The, They asked about the Chance Hill and fuck you dream on. He said that's reserved for Boston. Oh. Did you see Steve Kerr? No. He got a little upset. He said it's not ideal when a crowd is chanting. Fuck you dream on. I would or he said f you dream on. I would prefer fans could use a little more discretion.


Remember that the guy has kids. Maybe I'm old school. I'm all for the fans cheering for their team. And if they want to yell at the opponent's, great. But I just think f you is a little too much. Hmm. Steve Kerr. That's a pussy ass take. Yeah. I I I would agree. Steve Kerr kind of got pretty smarmy with it after the game because he would, he was talking about the physicality. Yeah. And he kind like looked down his nose at, at playoff intensity. It's like, dude, you won championships with Draymond on your team. Right? Yeah. That's the funny thing about you can't, You can't see it from that other side. Yeah. The rockets are are definitely mucking it up and they're it's a very physical series. Yeah. And the rest are letting 'em play. But Warriors fans being like, this is egregious. What are you talking about? Yeah. You can't, you don't, you don't get to do that.


Yeah. Max, can you tell me what is Steve Kerr's son's name? I, Nicholas. Nicholas. Nicholas is correct. Nicholas is correct. But good for the rockets. Jalen Green was incredible. He's like the most bipolar player. He had seven points in the first game. 38 points in the second game. But the big story about Jalen Green, it was shared during the broadcast. His pregame meal is chicken Alfredo. I can't think of a worst game meal to have before playing a basketball. Well, I don't know if, I don't know if you count that as pregame. Why? Because what it is, I think he, he eats the chicken Alfredo then he takes a nap. Okay. And then he wakes up and then he plays basketball. Still a belly of chicken Alfredo at any point is not physical activity.


I think he had to work his way backwards car from having the, what's the best way that you can get some sleep before the game and be rested? I know I will eat a big dish of creamy pasta. So it's like, it's essentially taking NyQuil so that he can sleep so that he can Play. I mean, 38 points I guess the chicken alfredo worked on Wednesday night. I just don't, I feel like chicken Alfredo, I mean, I'm not, I lasagna maybe, I mean I, amongst all the pastas, I would say that chicken alfredo probably the worst. Yeah. Yeah. I can't think of Maybe nochi. Yeah. But no, that sits heavy. I feel like they never give you enough nochi. Yeah. But if you have like all if you're at the buffet, No, but they always give you like 10 nochi and you're like, I want more nochi.


Yeah. Maybe. Is that not right Max? I just don't like the way you're saying it. Gnocchi, Nochi. I'm, I'm not gonna, I'm not Gonna say it. Say it for us. Italian and Yoki And Yoki and yoki. Yeah. It's three syllables And yoki. I'm, I'm not gonna say it again. Okay. What was And Yoki. And Yoki. But do you agree that they only give you, you don't say it Like that. I memes, I've I a thousand percent say it that Way. Do you, do they not give you enough in Yoki? That was good. That was pretty, that was good. Do they not, that's not good. Do you agree? It depends the place that you go to. I've gone, I've gone to some pretty fat places that give you a huge bowl of, Of What? Inchi. That's not even Italian. I, I think what you're doing is like, you're adding the extra, the extra val onto to it.


You're like Anki. Which, which is fine if you say like that, but you can't say Enoki. It's the GN that it's the gn o that you're you that you're Saying Enoki. I'm probably saying it wrong. I'm gonna have Italians in my ass. Oh Yeah, yeah. You're gonna have Italians in your ass. Yeah. You'll You'll All Up in your ass. Yeah. You'll max Maybe spaghetti meatballs max. You could play on spaghetti meatballs. Oh Yeah, you could, you could play on the spaghetti. Meatball. It's actually A Spaghetti cream. It's the heavy cream. Heavy cream is brutal. Yeah. Heavy cream. Yeah. The heavy Cream. Is it, it's a, it's a very strange choice. But if it's for the purpose of just sleeping, I kind of get it. Yeah. But that's maybe one of those moves where once he turns 29 and they're gonna be like, how are you changing your game?


He'll be like, well he started finally taking care of my body. You Can't convince me that even with the nap in between jail and green has not had at least a couple times this year where he is like, had a nasty burp while running up and down the court. Yeah. And like, ooh. Because those, you know, like the three hour later Chicken alfredo burps, you're like, Ugh, that's gross. Yeah. Creamy alfredo and glass of red wine before I get out there on the court. Yeah, that'll Do it. Yeah. I, I mean lasagna was the only one I could come up with. If you're just picking with the pastas. I don't know what like a, A piero pierogi dinner would be tough too. Yeah. Pierogi would be would be tough. But those, that's another one where they don't give you like a ton.


Yeah. But when I get 'em, I get like four different kinds of pierogis. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Absolutely. Pierogi might be the most underrated pasta dish. I don't even count it as pasta. 'cause it's Polish. Yeah. But it's got the, it's got the pasta around it. Yeah. Yeah. That's just a polish pasta. Okay. Nick's pistons, Nick's win. Jalen Brunson was great. He was great. Say something positive about Jim, but also Kat was great. I I bet Kat to have a bounce back game. I feel like this is just what Kat does. He next game, he's probably gonna be invisible the game after. He is gonna be awesome. Also, the Knicks turns out passing the ball works because I felt like they passed the ball a lot better. And it wasn't just ISO ball and the Pistons fought till the bitter end.


I think the end of the game, the last like 10 seconds took like 25 minutes. There was a bunch of reviews. The game of inbound. I think the clock operator gave him a little something, something extra and they, they kept on fighting. Kept on fighting. Yeah. Jalen Brunson was good. This was, I say Something nice about Jalen Brunson. Yeah. I mean he was, he was definitely more fun to watch tonight. But that's what we said. When the Knicks win, they tend to be, it's easier to look at them as being fun. And when they lose, you look at them and you're like, goddammit, Nicks, why are you burning yourselves out? This isn't fun. Brand of basketball to watch. Yeah. They had 15 assists on, was it Monday night? There are two wins in this series. I think they had 22 and 26 assists. So I know that's not an advanced analytics thing.


It's not a huge crazy stat. But it does feel like when the Knicks pass the ball a little bit more, get Carl Anthony Towns involved. And he was involved early. I think he had like 11 or 13 in the first quarter. He had 25 halfway through the third. Did you watch The end of this day makes a big difference. Yeah. Did you see the very end? Yeah. No, I just said it took like 25 minutes. Yeah. So, but yeah, what happened was crazy because yeah, the Knicks were shooting foul shots and they intentionally missed the second. Correct. Had half a second left. And what happened was the home clock operator for the Pistons started the clock as the free throw was still happening. And so the clock ticked down to zero. The buzzer sounds the whole deal before they even get a chance to rebound it. So what happens is then you have the pistons that get a free inbound.


O the clock stops and you get to inbound the ball and attempt a shot as opposed to working out perfectly for the Knicks. The game's over. Yeah. At that point, if the Knicks hadn't had the buzzer sound on 'em, 'cause they missed the free throw beautifully. And that was, that, that is a loophole. And I I'm actually not mad at the clock operator for No, That's what I'm saying. It was a home. Yeah. Yes. You, you, you need the help. It's a great job by the home clock operator. That's definitely a trick that he saw at some point during a regular season. And you mentally file that away as a clock operator. And you're like, when the team needs me, I've got the best play that I can do to contribute to the win. Like, what do you do? Do you kick the clock operator out? I know what I do. Hold on. You call Rico Bosco. Yeah. I mean he was watching the game.


He's a Knicks fan. He's gotta he's gotta know he's a clock operator. We gotta get his take on it. He's probably so pissed. Oh yeah. He's gotta be so pissed. There's no way he's still up. Right. He tuned out the traffic. Oh no. The Giants are right now. He might be, he might be live. Oh this is bad if he doesn't pick up my phone though. Oh. What was that email? Your call has been formed. Find Rico Bosco replacement. Oh yeah. We'll email that if anyone wants to job. Okay. If grizzlies are getting killed. Oh, sorry. The Grizz are killing the thunder. Yeah, because the Grizz thunders are getting killed. Yeah. Thunder are getting killed Down by 15, nine minutes left in the second.


That's just, Wait, that's, that's Clipper's nuggets you're looking at. Yeah, you're looking at Clipper's Nugget. That was a bad 30 seconds by both of us. Let's just restart. Let's restart all. Here we go. I didn't what you were looking at 3, 2, 1 Thunder or getting killed. PFT 77 to 51 And a half. That's crazy. It is crazy. I Didn't expect that. I I just Wait, Just wait. Just wait. You think they're gonna come back and win? You Heard it here first. I think the thunder are gonna come back. I'm gonna say grizzlies. This is one of my favorite things. Toti bet in, in the playoffs is just, if a team goes down, it's, it's two rules. 'cause I gave out the Rockets on Wednesday show. I said take the Rockets. If a home team goes down oh one, take them in game two.


If a road team goes down oh two, you know, they lose the first two games on the road. Take them game three at home. The bounce back game. Yeah. This, this could be a, a true gentleman sweep here. Yeah. Memphis had to do something at home. But I'll tell you what, huge for the aggregate score. Yeah. Massive. Yeah. Because they were, it was trending to be like a, the Thunder beat the grizzlies by a hundred plus. Now they might be able to even it out a little bit. So the thunder in the first half have only made one three pointer. Mm. Not good's. Not good. 1, 4, 5. One, one for 11 from three right now. Mm. So they will not come back and win this game if that continues.


But I, I remain hopeful that they'll get it within 10. Yeah. God By the way. And then the other game, the clippers look really good. We, you know what? We'll up, maybe we will update it. 'cause we're gonna, we're taping all out of order. We'll see some more of that game. Let's talk some hockey. Your Caps up. 2.0, 2.0 Most dangers leading in hockey. Two Most dangers leading in hockey. You feel good? Yeah. We got a good Logan Thompson game last night. Okay. So you feel good? Yeah. So like, like I've been saying, the goal Tendings a big question. Logan Thompson. He was, they, the way they put it on the broadcast last night was Logan Thompson is their one A goaltender. Oh. And they, I don't think they really followed it up with anything. But when you say that you strongly implied that there's a one B behind it.


Right. Meaning that you don't really have a goaltender. But he played, he played really well last night. He made some incredible saves in the third period so that he, he was responsible for the win. Then obviously Connor McMichael great game. Some of the guys, it, it wasn't as dominant as a performance as we saw in like the first two periods of the first game game win's a win, escape the barn, two, nothing. Keep it on, on schedule. And then up to Montreal where oldie will be joining me. Yeah. In Montreal. Show me around. Ha ha. So shout out to all the Canadian ends up there, I guess speak French in Montreal. So I took four years of French in elementary school. Mm.


Elementary school. Elementary school. We, and I'm going elementary school. Yeah. In my, my elementary school. It had like two periods a day that you could go. Like I learned math in French and I learned science in French. Whoa. And the fucked up thing is doing division in French. It's completely different from doing it in English. So then I got to middle school and I was like, how the fuck do you do division now? Holy shit. Yeah. Screwed me up for a while. Damn. But yeah, I think I still remember some French stuff. Lio Tech. And You're reading off your Computer? No, I'm not. And and PI just saw you. I'm not, you wanna see what So the computer, like It is biblio tech right there.


That's, that's the, the thunder grizzly score. This Is Biblio tech Live score. So yeah. I'm, I'm pumped to check out Montreal and just basically pumped to spend time with oldie. Yeah. It's gonna be great. Caps Look good. I still feel like it's our year. I am keeping an eye, a very close eye on the maple leaf though. Ooh. Yeah. So they are team Desi by the way. Rico just texted me back. This is big for us because I see sometimes there's a complaint that our NHL recap is not long enough. We will have biz on next week. We're not the experts in H hockey. We, we do have hockey experts we'll have on, but this will all count towards the NHL recap for the timestamp. So we'll have Rico and that will be part of it.


Bosco, What's up? You Called? Yeah, I called. What do you mean you saw that I called. Yeah. Fair. What's Up? Well, I mean, what, what was that question you saw that I called? Could have been A pocket dial. Could have been a pocket dial. Could have been. You know, I Don't know. Okay. All right. All right. So we're taping PMT right now. What happened at the end of the Knicks Pistons game in terms of a clock operator's point of view? Yeah. I'm being a little dunked on because I'm, I'm calling the guy the Pistons clock operator. They say it's a neutral clock operator for the playoffs. So people are getting mad about that. But either way, the, basically the guy operating the clock at the pistons should be fired. It's horrific. I expect that error from a fucking mom volunteering at St.


Anne's who had a couple of cocktails up at Lee's in between the five o'clock. And We relatable. We're all familiar with very relatable Lees the Eight o'clock game. I do not expect this from a pro. You gotta be bent, you gotta turn in your call, your credential. It's horrific. And I said spin zone. I know you guys love the spin zones on that show. Shit. It's a precedent. This sets a precedent that, you know, if you got your hooks into Detroit or you wanna see who's gonna win, you just ho do the error and hope the team gets the rebound and then they take it out on the side with a chance to win. You know what I mean? Well, yeah, yeah. That's what the play was. Yeah. So, so walk us through what you thought should have happened. You gotta fucking wait till someone touches the ball, man.


It's a, it's a day one mistake. Yeah. So do you think it was intentional Rico? I think that it, that a possibility It could have been intentional. Yeah. Okay. And, and so you got some information saying that's a neutral clock operator. So they fly these guys in, I guess. Yeah. I don't, it, it's an, I think it might be the alternate. I don't really know. I'm, I'm be honest. I, I don't know. That was nice. I know college has, college has table staffs per, you know, whatever. Like Seton Hall has guys who work there and whatever. I, i in and outs of the NBA table staff. I have not cracked that Yet. You haven't cracked it. Can you, can you crack that for us? I'll try. Yeah. I do know the guy at the garden.


I email him every year. Hey, you know, have a great season, like hoping if you need anything, I'm available. Like, put me in the rotation. And he just says, thanks, I'll keep in mind. And he, for 10, the last 10 years, he has not put me in his rotation. He Got Saint John are you're talking, you, you're talking about the Madison Square Garden. You wanted to do the clock there? I would start doing the book. I would start being his spotter. I would start, Yeah. Do they have a book sold? You have, you know, you have, you have a job, right? Yeah. Dan, I'm saying from 10, 10 years ago I used to fucking email the guy. But then you said you've emailed him every year. I know, I, I was, you know, I never give up on your dreams A little exaggeration.


Like, you know, like Billy Joel said about fucking, when he wrote piano Man. Like, you know, like what? There's a little exaggeration. When he wrote piano Man. Yeah. When he wrote about piano. Wait, wait, Rico, I, I got a question for you. Do they still have a book? Do they still have a, what Is it still a book? I would figure that it would be just a computer system by now. No, you still do pen and paper in the book. Okay. Rico, last question. Say something about hockey. 'cause this is all going in the hockey recap And we need to just be like, yeah, we actually were talking hockey that time. Yeah. I'll give a pitch to, to my show. Pick central every day. No, no, no, no. I said say something about hockey. Okay, I will Dan. We got Merles on every day. Now The best.


We love Merl A a gold scorer. We're chasing the plus sign, but 'cause we don't know shit about hockey. So if you Say something about the NHL playoffs, I got Vegas to win the cup and they look like shit. Last game. Big favorite. They're losing tonight or as we speak, it's two to one. Yeah. I'm in trouble with my future. Four to One. He gave me one. It's four to one Rico update. It's four to one. Four To one. Yeah. Four to one. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Okay. Good. Puck recap. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright. Thanks Rico. Thank you. Rico. Crack that, crack that case for us. Yeah, Please do. I will. I'll try to crack that case All. Okay. It might take, it might take a long time to crack that case.


All 'cause I did by Rico. You can hang up. Yeah. Speaking. Hold on. Speaking of cracking Dead. Hang, hang up. Okay. Yeah, it's gonna take a while to crack that. I just did a Google search and then approximately 0.5 seconds I found out. Yes. It is a neutral clock operator that they fly out to play F sites. Ah. So consider that nut cracked. Wow. That could be A hockey take. I'm gonna, I have to text him. What was speaking of the Kraken? 'cause that could have been you cut out. Yeah, that might have been a good joke. Okay. Least you. Oh wait, he is gonna say, speaking of the Kraken, how about that? Fat fuck Max in his pants. Oh, that's what he is gonna say. Said I'm not, I'm not making the joke. Rico was gonna say, said no, I intercepted his joke.


No, you said it. I intercepted it then I threw it to my own team. Who's your team? I pitched it back to you, max. Yeah. Threw It back to you. Yeah. Now you returned it. Thanks. Yeah. Leaf shear overtime winner. It might be the leaf shear Not worth on the pod inside bars. Stool question. All good. Why of he was on the pod when Speaking of the Kraken Rico was incap of going on to a bar stool podcast without saying something. Actually let's ke keep this off of This podcast. Yeah. Like what do you mean? You were on. Okay. He Loves bringing up on a podcast. Let's not keep this in the pod. Hey, Hey. Hey Dan.


Thank you for asking me on part of my take so I can talk about the one thing in the world. I'm an expert, which is clock operator. I don't know the answer to the question. And also I'd like to talk to you about my future employment at Boston Sports. By the way, Lee's the pizza place. He said very good. I actually have been there. Okay. Can you get Cocktails? I've, I've never, I've never been a female coaching eighth grade at St. Anne's. So, okay. So not that's where the relatability fell off. Got It. Yeah. But yeah, it does feel like the leafs here. Yeah. They look really, really good. Although it would be very, very funny to get a three nothing lead. Mm. That would be funny. PFT Listen, I don't, I I'm not wishing that for the Toronto maple leaf, But it would be funny. But It would, even if you're a Leaf fan, you're thinking that God damn this would just be comedy.


Yeah. If you're a fan of comedy, you will appreciate it. They've done it again. Yeah. Yeah. And Panthers, by the way, Panthers who are the defending Stanley Cup championed up two. Nothing on the lightning. I am worried about the abs. That was bad. Another overtime loss, two in a row. That feels bad. That's a bad feeling. Especially how late, how late the games are. Again, you can just, for me Personally, they're bad. You If you're, if you're the abs, you can just blame the system. Yeah. We shouldn't be playing these guys in the first route. Come on. Yeah. The system is fucked up. You're right. PFT. Yeah. Fight the powers of p It was the system that got me. You know what's great about the system though? Freebird has become the NHL theme song now.


Yeah, I know. They Play it like six times a night in And out. Yeah. It's so good of the, of the commercials. And by the way, the, the Kings, I wish I had known about the harmonica band before the playoffs. 'cause I would've bet the Kings They gotta do every game. Right? Every single, Every single game. The fact they brought it back is like, that's a team that is, they, they got their eye, they got their ear to the street. That was very smart of them. How long was that Hockey talk? 17 minutes. Oh, I love it. Very good. I love it. I just made that number up. Okay. Yeah, we will, we will have an expert on though. Are any goalies standing on their heads? I would assume. Let's see, Bennington, I feel like has been standing on his head the last two games.


Maybe he's capable. Well no, they're, they're down 2.0. They're winning right now. Actually I'm watching right now. He just gave up a goal. So that was a bad, a bad call. You pushed him off his own head. Oh, the, the Bob, right? Browski. Yeah. He had a shutout tonight. Browski standing on his own head. That Was pretty good. I I thought that Logan Thompson stood on his head for about two periods last night. Yeah. So there you go. That's good. So that's a big time standing on the head. And I feel like the devils haven't scored any goals. I, I might be wrong, but it feels like the devils haven't scored any goals. They might have scored like one or two goals, maybe even more than that. But it feels, doesn't it feel like to you also, whoever the Stars goal is Ager, is that who the Star Star's goalie is?


Yeah, he's been definitely standing on his head. 'cause he's won two overtime games. It's, it's really hard to say after one round of the Stanley Cup playoffs who is looking like they could win the cup because you don't know with the matchups that they have. Right. Like, it, it could all be about, it's a war, the team that you're playing against. I was looking at the, the Stanley Cup bracket today, and I know it's the same as the NBA in terms of numbers of rounds, but for some reason it feels so much harder to get to a Stanley Cup final than it does to get to an NBA final. Completely Agree. Yeah. Less Time between games. Yeah. They play every other night, which is nice. Real sport. That is very nice that they do that. It's easy to, anyone can win an NBA title. It's not even really a championship Stanley Cup.


Now that's, that's a sport. Hank Oh, that, that wasn't referring to Hank. They been sell, have 18 NBA titles. But he's coming at you right now about these Players. Oh yeah. I'm saying like easy, easy to win. It's not, I I, I don't, I don't know I'm Supposed to say there. I mean, you just a cake walk through the east. He's trying to poke you. It's not the Calves. The calves are good and magic are tough. Nicks bing bong. I'm dying to know what this Kraken joke is and he won't say it. He keeps saying more of a bad joke. All good in Cab Home, have a good show And Cab home. So he can't talk Cab home. He can't talk, he can't talk in a cab.


I'm gonna say right now the Clippers are up to one calling it. Okay. You like that? Putting a pin in it, Making it an early call. It is. They're better than the Nuggets. It's, it's just, I think they are, it's The second quarter. Yep. And they're up 18. Okay. And I'm gonna say it right now. I I mean the Clippers, Hank you had it, you said it the other day. Clippers might be a problem. Barstool Sports Clippers are good, is Project Clipper Are really good. Stay healthy Clippers have won this game. Yeah, We're we're calling it. It's not too early to call. We're calling this this fight. The Clippers are up to one and the Clippers are good. And we'll see. I mean, James Harden's playing well tonight. Did you see what they did in LA to try to distract Yoic?


No, this was great. Pull pull this up on the, on the TV max. This, by the way, still counts as NHL Talk. It do. Yeah. It is. We're this is technically N hhl. It is Zach actually horse racing talk. Yeah. So at, at Intuit Dome, they have horse hats that they put in their front row tonight to distract Yoic. Look, look at these hats. Lemme see it. Oh, I love it. They're, They're like full on horses. I love it. Look at that. So they're trying to distract 'em with it. I think however this could be, it could be a bad move. I could see a world where this backfires where, yo it's like when you have real batty sitting in the front row. Yeah. And then all of a sudden Jordan pool's dropping 62 points. He Gets in his zen spot. Yeah. So Yoki sees these horses and he is like, I got a stunt for these hoes.


All right. Fucking Hate this. Just say the fucking joke, dude. Well, it's not a joke. Yeah. It's more like whatever. It's, listen, the the thing next month where I'll be providing definitely skills as a referee. Just I also have skill. I also have skills as a player. I, I, okay. What's that have to do with the Kraken? Nothing. With the Kraken. You were gonna say something About the Kraken? You said the thing about the Kraken. Oh no, I, yeah. Crack. I was gonna say Kraken into like the lineup. You know what I mean? Like, Oh, okay. Bye. All right. Alright. That was bad. That would've been such an all time moment if he said I was gonna say Kraken like Max's belt.


Yeah. That Would've been way better. But Good thing we got you ready for that Max. Just in case he did say it. Thanks Guys. Yeah. Appreciate it. You were ready. Failing to prepare, Preparing to fail. Found out that he's Got skills in that thing that we're doing. Yeah. Yeah. That thing we're doing. We gotta keep it under wraps. Okay. He treats the most inconsequential stuff. Like they're the nuclear codes. Correct. Correct. Every, you gotta just be worried that the FBI's listening at all times. Okay. Should we get to our interview with Justin Thomas? Let's do it.


All right. Before We get to jts, brought to you by our good friends over at truly Hard Seltzer and their new truly unruly lemonade. The stuff is delicious. It tastes so good. It is also 8% a BV 8% alcohol. You know, it's strong, you know it tastes great. They've got the, the wild pink lemonade, the bump and blue RAs is my favorite. Also OG Lemonade. And they've got yeah, the wild pink and punched up pineapple too. Great flavors. It's lemonade. Let loose lemonade. What a perfect drink for the summertime. A hundred percent delicious and 8% alcohol. It's the official hard seltzer part of my take. All the boys are drinking truly this summer. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Find it at a store near you or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com.


Justin Thomas is also brought to you by our great friends over at Chevy. For over a century, Chevy has been building trucks that don't flinch and they never quit. Whether you're hauling lumber on the job or trying to get the smoker, the cooler, the corn hole boards and the whole crew to the tailgate on time. Chevy gets you there When Chevy says most dependable truck, they're not just speculating. Chevy trucks have earned more dependability awards for trucks than any other brand according to JD Power 2025. Sounds like they've got the stats to prove it. Draft yours@chevy.com and every Chevy truck dependability comes standard. For more on Chevy trucks, visit chevy.com and visit jd power.com/awards and you can get more award details. Chevy the official truck of part of my take.


And now here's Justin Thomas. Okay, we now welcome on A very special guest, recurring guest, fresh off his big victory at the RBC heritage. It's Justin Thomas, jt, congrats. First of all, we gotta start with the question we always ask when we have, have a golfer on after they've won, has it hit the account yet? Yes. Oh, Was it this morning At some point today? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How was that refresh when you, when you looked it up? Probably pretty good To be, to be honest. I, I didn't see it firsthand, but I I know, I do know it's there.


Someone Told you exactly. Yeah. That they saw it. Yeah. Okay. That's a great feeling. Yeah. Do you, do you still have the plaid jacket? Do you take that with you? You can. It wasn't my size, so they're sending me my size. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it's a pretty cool jacket I would say. Yeah, it's, Yeah. Yeah. My, my cousin is adamant that he is wearing it to his sister's wedding this fall, so we'll see how that goes. Yeah. You gotta let him. So. Alright, so in incredible win. For you, it had been three years really happy you're back in, you know, up at the top of your game. How, what has the three years been like? Because you, you know, you went through some ups and downs, golf is a brutal sport.


Was there ever a moment where you're like, I might not find it again even though I, I know I can do this? I mean, a little bit that there's, it's been a while. I can't believe it. It was three years. I mean, I feel like the first year felt like it was forever and that it took forever. And then, then last year felt like I, I played better and gave myself some chances. It just didn't get it done. And then it, it was kind of joking with the media when I got done that it, it luckily on my end had been so long. Like I, I was past the point of, of being asked every week, like, you know, it's been this long since you've won, like, when's it gonna happen? I was like, you guys basically just, you had to move on. You had other stuff that you need to talk about.


So that was way in the past that I had. I didn't have to worry about it anymore, which was nice, but, or be reminded of it I should say. But there's definitely some times mentally where you're, I I just was trying to remind myself that it is really hard to win and there's a reason there's only one of 'em every single week. And, and to try to somehow stay patient than that, my time would come. But that's always easier said than done. Yeah. It was funny 'cause I saw something, I think it was on NBC and some of the analysts were talking about your career and because you, you won this weekend, they said, I could make an argument that he is the best American player of his generation. Which is really crazy that they said that like right after you won, as if that's the reason why it's not anything else.


Have you, have you thought about like what that win like now you're officially in the conversation because of this one win? Yeah, I, I laughed as somebody had said that. It's like, well, you know, we're, I didn't hear that being said at all in the last, you know, the last couple years. It just somehow, it wasn't big win for me, but apparent I didn't know it was that big. Yeah. So I guess that's great. But you know, how sports are, they, they have a lot of recency bias in there and anytime that everybody wants to talk about whoever's the most recent winner or who's playing the best at that time. But I mean, I do know over the course of my career, you know, I have, I've been fortunate to, to rack up some, a good amount of wins and, and, and different things here and there, but, you know, I got a lot more that I want to accomplish.


So hopefully by the end of my career I have a little better argument than, you know, some people just saying they, they think that after one win type thing. Yeah, No, you were dog shit last week and now this week you're one of the best of all time. So congratulations. Exactly. Does it, is there a thing where you, you get a win and you feel like you might be able to go out there and play just like a little bit lighter, like a little bit more free without the expectation? For sure. I, I got more and more comfortable each time I'd get in contention, I'd say this year I, I think last year I was, I put so much pressure on myself every time I got in contention that, that I had to win and I, and, and I just felt like I, I, it was really hard. But I never played well on Sundays.


I mean, I, I would have some good finishes, but I never really had a chance the last couple holes of the back nine. And, and then I feel like this year I, I tried to learn from that a little bit. And, and then really I'm just trying to be more patient and let it happen. And so it's, I I feel I'm just trying to learn from, you know, the past couple years of mistakes of, of trying too hard almost. But that's always another thing in golf. That's way easier said than done. Yeah. Alright, I got a dumb question for you. It's a, it's a, who's the alpha question? I saw that you credited Xander Schley for helping you with your putting Now, are you the alpha because you basically tricked one of your competitors and I know you guys are friends, but your competition into helping you?


Or is he the alpha because Justin Thomas can't win again without Xander Schley's help? Damn. That is a, I don't know if that's a stupid question. That's a good question. Thank you. Yeah, it's good question because I read it, I read it in obviously the initial, how normal human beings should think is, that's a really cool story, guys helping each other out. I obviously read it was like, well now I gotta figure out who's got the edge here. I think you have the edge now. I think he had the edge until you won. Yeah. And that, he's like, yeah, he's coming to me for advice. I'll, I'll, I'll give him a couple pointers here and there. But now that it's poor Fella Yeah, I'll just Poor fellow. Yeah. Oh, this poor little guy. I'll Help him out. Yeah. Because now, now you can take what he taught you and then like add one small wrinkle.


Here's what really put me over the top. Right. And then teach him, you Have to give him advice back Or do I Or do you I think that's, that's the thing I think, I think to really, to really make sure that I've, I'm standing my ground in this alpha battle as if I get asked down the road, just be like, nah, I'm good. Thanks. Yeah. Well you also can't let Xander come up to you and be like, Hey jt, you want, you want another tip so you can win again? 'cause that would be devastating. Yeah. Yeah. That's, you know what? Honestly, I don't give a shit. Okay. I take A tip from whoever wants, As long as I would keep winning tournaments, I don't care how I get 'em. Yeah, you could, you could leave these debates up to us. 'cause we, you know, we have, we have endless amounts of time to do the dumbest circular debates that make no sense.


So, yeah. Yeah. We'll, we'll handle this. How does it feel like, obviously this win is big, but it's also a Ryder Cup year. I know you wanna be back on the team. It had to have been a little uncomfortable two years ago where you were just like, your name was hotly debated. Not, you weren't, you weren't out there saying like, oh, I need to be on the team. But it was being, you were part of the debate of who makes the last spot. Is that part of like a motivation this year being like, Hey, I want to get it. So I'm not in this debate anymore. I'm just on the team For sure. The last having to rely on a pick for, for Rome and then hoping to get a pick at the President's Cup last year or not. It's, it sucks. Like it's the worst feeling ever. And I mean, it's kind of hard for, to like be looking for sympathy or for people to feel bad for you.


'cause I mean, it, I'll, it's my own fault. I mean, if I would've played better or put myself in a position where I qualified, I wouldn't have had to deal with it. I was fortunate that I haven't had to in past and I like being automatic qualifier and being a part of those conversations of who the picks are a lot more. So I definitely want to make sure that I'm not relying on a pick. 'cause it's, it's not a fun place to be in. And, and it's just, it's, you know, you, you're, you're damned if you, damned if you don't, but as long as I can get in that top six, I don't have to worry about it. Yeah. In, in the Ryder Cup, when we're playing on the road, what are the things that the opposing crowd can do that makes life very difficult for a Ryder Cup golfer?


It's, man, it's, it's so bizarre. It's, it, it just, it's such a, it's just uncomfortable. It's, I think it's, it's hard to explain, but it's just a, you know, you don't have the difference of, of other sports where it's, you know, they're, it's not like they're loud while you're, while you're hitting or anything. Yeah. It's still golf. And I think that's what's such a unique and different part of it compared to other sports, but it's just the, the roars for them versus the roars for, for the US or, you know, the, the shit that's maybe being said to you between shots or, or you know, walking from greens to tees, whatever it is. I just think there's just little things there that if you aren't ready for it mentally or if you maybe aren't sure how to cope with it, it can be really, really tough.


And it's, it's just not something that we ever deal with. So it's, it's not really, it's not a good rep for our soft golf image that we have, that's For sure. Yeah. I mean, long Island's gonna be ready, we know that. But if there's gonna be, like, I'm trying to find the small differences, the details that the fans can be on that might give a boost. Like, what's it, what's it like if you're playing in Europe and you hit a shot, it's a terrible shot. It goes in the water. And then to hear the crowd erupt and cheer after you hit it. Because on the tour you never get that. That never happens If you hit a bad shot, everyone's like, oh, oh no. Oh dear. But out there, they're like, fuck yeah, this guy just screwed up. That's awesome. Yeah, it is. It's, it's, it really is.


Little stuff like that, but it, honestly, it's the, the difference of roars for us versus them, like, it's, it's wild and it's hard to explain, but it's, you know, when depending on the golf course, how the routing is, if you're three or four holes away from, you know, the first match out, you're the last match. You know, when you hear a roar, if it was for you or for them, depending on where you are, and it's just when the crowd gets really loud behind your team, I think it's, it's probably more of what it is. It's just this support for the home team versus the disadvantage for the away, you know? Yeah. Like the, the, the taunting or whatnot of the away team. 'cause like you said, it's Long Island.


It, it's, it's gonna be, it's gonna be chippy. Just thought. And we all know that. I'm glad, I'm just glad they're on our team. Yeah. Stu Fine's gonna be there for Scotty. Yeah. That's going to amp 'em up. It's just gonna be a bunch of Stew Finers out there. Yeah. It's just Long Island people just going nuts. I, the, the also dumb question, so you win the RBC heritage, you beat Andrew Novak, he has not won a tournament before. What's the proper amount of like, talk afterwards? Because that's a tricky situation where I know if like, I lose and someone's like trying to pat, like, you don't want to pat 'em on the back too much, but you also wanna be like, Hey dude, you played great. So what, how was that conversation?


Yeah, I just, I mean, at first off, it's kind of, it was kind of like a blackout moment. Like I'm a little unconscious of, of kind of the celebrating and, and what's going on. And then it is, it's, it's just like a, oh God, I have to take my hat off, like shake this guy's hand now. But it was a, I I mean, I just said, you know, great, great plan this week and you know, we'll see in a couple weeks. Yeah. Like that's pretty much all it is. It is. There's not, there's, there's not a whole lot. There is a, a, a funny story. A handful of years ago, Jordan Speed was in a playoff with Tom Gillis, who is not, doesn't play professionally anymore. And Jordan beat Tom in a playoff. And for the whole year, Jason Duffner was grilling Jordan.


He is like, man, he's like, you just ruined Tom Gillis's career. He could have been, he would've had a two year exemption. He would've been in Maui Kalua. He would've taken his family there. They would've been swimming with the Dolphins Oh man. At the tournament champions. But you had to beat him in a playoff and ruin his life. Oh man. Absolutely. Oh, Just, and it's probably, yeah. I mean, he's not playing anymore. Yeah, Yeah. You gotta change his name and go into comedy. Yeah. Yeah. Ho hopefully that's right. Hopefully Andrew Novak wins one, so you're not, you know, it's not like, Hey, Justin Thomas, he was that close, and then Justin Thomas ended it for him. You Gotta be the biggest Novak fan of the world now. Yeah. I I, I got faith that Gilly was a little closer to the end of his career and, and Andrew's playing well.


So I, I, boy, I haven't thought of that after saying the story and yeah, I definitely hope that it pans out now. Yeah. Do you, if, if you're in the lead going into the, going into Sunday, do you talk with your opponent? Because I know Bryson was a little miffed. He's miffed at Rory for not chopping it up out there on the course. I, yeah, I feel like a lot of guys just do their own thing, but Yeah. What do you do? They, they do, especially when it's twosomes. I think when it's threesomes it's, it's way slower and like, you're just something, it just, it's different. Like you have way more time that you're waiting and like, you just kind of happen to talk more. But I mean, when it's twosomes there's times where you just are kind of, someone hits it this way, someone hits it this way, and you kind of, you're just, you're going your separate way, just you and your caddy the whole time.


And also, yeah, I'm not really out there to, to like have a big conversation. I mean, you, you'll catch up here and there, but I'd say that's pretty, pretty normal amongst everybody that we're just out there taking care or trying to take care of business. Yeah. Yeah. Do you want to comment at all about Alabama football? No, I'm good. Okay. That's, that's interesting. 'cause I would feel like if we had had you on at any point in the last nine years, you would've been like, fuck yeah, I do. How, how's it going? Actually, my badgers have to go to Tuscaloosa. That's gonna suck for me. I went to the game. Yeah. I went to the game in September this year at Camp Randall, and I think the Badgers were up three, nothing. I was like, this doesn't mean anything.


And I had an Alabama fan sitting next to me and they're like, yeah, we're not worried. And then you guys won like 42 to three or something, so you get that win. But yeah. Other than that, Are you, is it It was, it was an interesting year. It's, we, we got a lot of spoiled Alabama fans. My, I, I'm not near as bad as I used to be. I think I used to be unbearable to watch games with. At least that's what I've been told. But I mean, hey, it's, it was first year for a coach and, and I, I hate what's going on in, in NCAA sports right now with the, the NIL and the transferring. I just think it's not, not good for college sports and, and the athletes in general. But, you know, we're a basketball school now. Oh, good. Spin zone.


Oh, Okay. How many, how many, yeah. How many championship games have you guys been to? What's That? You guys have been to a bunch of championship games Right? In basketball. In basketball. All right. I get it. What, what about, do you, do you as an Alabama fan acknowledge Rico Bosco as an Alabama fan? Rico Bosco is an Alabama fan. Yeah. All right. So there we go. That was the answer we Needed. He's a Na Oats fan. He's a Nate Oats fan. He's a Nate Oats fan over everything. So he just rides with Nate Oats. Yeah, Nate Oats is, he is, I, I'm a big Na Os fan. I remember the first time I ever made, met him. It was like an Alabama charity event for the golf team. And he was just, he had just gotten signed as a coach and he's just mowing down an ice cream cone.


And he is like, what do you do? I was like, I play golf. He's like, nice. I don't know anything about golf. I was like, sounds good, coach. Best Alexia. I'll see you down the road. Wait, So did you, have you given some money to the new Alabama facilities? 'cause it looks insane. I have, yeah. It's nuts, man. It's, I don't know. I I, I, I told Coach Seewell our, our golf coach, this is the most impressive thing he's ever done, ever done as a coach to raise that much money in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. That's, that facility is n it's just bananas. And they, yeah. I, all, all the good stuff happened after I left school. Yeah. So how many, like eight or nine win seasons for the football team before we're starting to do some repo work on the golf stuff and being like, all right, we're selling this simulator.


We're we're downside. We're, we're raising this whole building 'cause we gotta get the money back to the football program. Yeah. That, you know, that's, that's true. They may have to start like leasing or renting out like half of the golf facility, like half people living in the locker room. Yeah. Stuff like that. Yeah. They'll, they'll find a way. You know, that's what the, that's what the athletic department's for. Yeah. Yeah. When you're looking back to 2016, 2017, are you like, man, those spring breaks were movies, absolute scenes, the golf bros? Yeah. Yeah. It was pretty good. Which one was better? 2016 or 2017? The first I, or the first one was, was was better.


It was 20 20 16 because it was, it was our first time and it was, I felt like the, the next year we went like we wanted to do it, but it was, it felt like we like had to, and it was, you know, we had to like be posting a certain, it was just, it was different. It, it, it took away the, the fun of the, you know, the debauchery of a, of a boys trip of just playing golf and just, you know, drinking beers the whole time. But I think the first one was better just with how Sunday went in the Masters for Jordan and Smiley being on the final group and not, and Smiley playing poorly. And Jordan, you know, having a, having a tough back nine and not winning.


So it was, it was, everything was needed for that trip. Yeah. Just hit like a nice reset on there. It, that's how a lot of these vacations go. You go on a trip with your boys, you have a great time, and everybody's like, we gotta do this again every year. And then you try to do it the second year and it's kinda like the first one, but it's maybe not quite as fun, but it was a good group of dudes. If you go back to the same place, for sure. I, I have, I, I have tried to, pretty much every year since I've left home, I'm really close with a, a group of guys. So I went to high school with, and I do a boys trip with them every year of, we just, you know, we'll have 3, 3, 4 of us. And I mean, now that everyone's got families, it gets pretty tough. But, and I'm just like, you know, we just need to, whether they come here, we go somewhere and, but we try to do somewhere different and it's, it's a blast.


Do you, do you play golf on your boys' trips? Yeah, because that's all they want to do. I'll bring like a left-handed set sometimes. I have one friend who talks a lot of shit and I just love beating him left-handed because then he can't say anything and it really, really, really hurts him inside. So I remind him of that quite often. Awesome. Yeah. That's such a dick move. But I respect it. That's what best friends do to each other. Yeah, exactly. What do you shoot left-handed? What's that? What Do you shoot left-handed? I've only, I've only played full 18 holes twice and I'm kind of like right around a hundred. But I can, I can shoot mid forties if, if I'm not drinking when I start drink, if I'm drinking and I'm playing left-handed, like it is bad.


Yeah. It, it, I can't, I I just, I hit a point and I, I'm like this, this, I don't know why you guys play golf, like, this isn't fun. I can't do anything I wanna do. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's how we play golf. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much every time we go out. All right. So Hank has, he's right here. He's, he's our golf pro. You got some questions for, for jt? Hank? Yeah. A couple questions. Jt, you're, you're a whoop guy. I've been, I've been wearing my whoop and I, my first question, I was just curious like what the stress stats differences between like a Sunday back nine and maybe like a Thursday, you know, Thursday, Friday first, first or second round. Like, is there a big difference and is there a way for you to like simulate pressure when you're, when you're practicing like that?


That's a good question. I'm, I haven't looked at the, the stress before. I'm, I'm gonna, I have my phone right here. I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you just full blown Raw data because I saw they posted Rory's, like, and when he was in the playoff at, at Sawgrass and it was like his, his stress went all the way low before he hit his, his playoff shot on 17. It's like, it seems crazy to me to be able to control that, but obviously that's, you know, what you guys do. Yeah. Like I've done some, some, some stuff in past of like, yeah. I mean it, my, it looks like they were pretty similar. It was a little lower on Thursday and Friday than it was on Sunday, but pretty similar.


But I mean, I've done like some stuff, some breath work stuff to where I, I know how to at least try to kind of get my heart rate down. My heart rate's higher, I would say way higher than Rory's or, or some other people. But it's more of just kind of like my getting it to my whatever baseline is type thing. Yeah, yeah. You ever do the back away where you're, you're about to hit a big putt and you're like, no, it's just not right. Something's not right. Step away. Yeah. Yeah. I've, I've backed, I mean it's, I I've backed off a bunch. It's, it is just a, I think if, for me, I'm very visual and, and I like kind of artistic in the sense of like what I'm seeing.


If I'm putting, like I, I want to be able to kind of see the line or see the trace and if I'm over a shot, same type of thing. And if I don't have like a, a clear vision or somewhat of an idea what I'm doing, it's, it's not good. But, you know, I've, I've hit many a shots when I haven't backed off when I should have. But yeah, when I don't have that, that's generally when I'm, when I'm backing off to try to get some kind of idea. Yeah. Yeah. Hank, you got anything else? Yeah, I'm a big, I'm a bad golfer and, and a mental head case at that. And, and I'm a big fan of, of seeing like one Instagram reel with a tip and then just completely changing everything I do. And I saw one recently that was Patrick Cantley talking about how he only uses one wedge around the greens, where he used to have, you know, the different numbers and try the different shots and stuff.


And he got better once he was like, I'm just gonna use a 60, I think he said 61, which I didn't understand, but yeah, I'm just gonna use a 61 and just use that for everything. And I was like, I think I'm gonna start doing that even though I never have before. And I was curious if that, 'cause it made sense to me where it's like you, you think less, you know, what club you're gonna hit, but obviously you have a great short game and you know, you probably need different shots. But is that something you would, would recommend or thought about? Yeah, it, it's funny because like Mike, who caddies for me now ca used to caddy for Patrick for a while. So I mean, I've known him not only through Caddy for me, but before that. And, and Pat is also someone who's, he knows a, a lot of different things about the game, but he will kind of subtly pick guys' brains and, and when he wants to learn stuff.


And I, I remember there was kind of like a, you know, six months or so or a year where he was really asking a lot of chipping questions. And then we, I happened to be talking about it with my caddy Rev a couple months ago about using different clubs and he was like, yeah, he is like, I don't know if you remember, but you know, at some team event or some event. And he is like, pat was just grilling you about questions about using this. Like it was me, him and Jordan I think were playing and he was asking Jordan and I so many questions. So again, something we that we just apparently we like to make all of our peers better instead of keep all of the information to ourself it seems like. Yeah. But it's, it's kind of a, whatever fits the player. I mean, I, I, a lot of guys predominantly just take a lob wedge and, and try to fly it close to the hole with as much spin as they can.


But it changes a lot each week depending on the grass. But I, I like to use kind of whatever club is more of like a first instinct. I think. I, I generally, the harder I try to make it the worst off it is versus if I just go with what I first see type thing. Yeah. Yeah. I I thought you had one of the best shots of the last month or two, I don't know which day this was, maybe Thursday or Friday, the one that you played out of the mud where the ball was sitting up towards the top. 'cause I think every golfer has been in that situation. They see their ball, they're like, I can play this. So you take a giant swing at it and immediately afterwards you could see the look on your face. You're just like, well that was fucking stupid. 'cause you're like covered in mud at the time. Is that a shot that you practice?


It's, it is actually really funny you say that. 'cause I, it just, it was something where, I mean, normally it's, it's not, it wouldn't be worth it. It just was where, where I was going to have to drop it. I, I was getting zero advantage. Like I was still behind a bunch of trees and I, I was, I was likely going to have to chip out and I was like, well, I know that if I catch this how I want, I can actually get it to the fairway and have a chance to maybe make a par. And in the worst case it'll just dribble out, which is going to be a little, a little bit better, but pretty similar to where if I just drop. So I feel like it's worth the risk. And as I'm kind of going through it, I said to Joe who was filling in for, for Rev, I was like, Hey.


I was like, you just kinda like hit like a bunker shot, right? And he is like, yeah, and I hit that and obviously he got shit all over me and the hole goes on and I'm walking up there. I was like, by the way, I've never hit one out of the water before. So I did not know. He was like, I thought that was kind of weird why you asked me that. I'm like, well, I felt like if I told you beforehand that I hadn't hit one out of the water, you weren't gonna let me hit it out of the water. So I waited till afterwards to tell you That was smart. I mean it, the ball was taunting you though. It was in the perfect position for you to at least give it a shot. I know. And I think I, I just was so worried about trying to lift it up in the air and kind of almost like topping it or hitting it into the walk, like down into it that I was like, I just have to stay down and I have to hit down on this thing.


Like I'm taking a big divot. Yeah. And I just went, I overdid it so much that I went completely under it. Yeah. And it was just yeah, water and dirt everywhere. It was very relatable. So, so your current caddy, Joe, who is Max's caddy, he's, he's doing caddying while your real caddy is injured. Is he coming back soon? Yeah. Yeah. I actually saw him today. He's doing, he is doing a lot better. He, he probably could have caddied last week, but it, it wouldn't have been smart. But I've a tournament Yeah. In two weeks and, and Rev will be back. He just, he's had some disc issues in his back. So Ah, so Joe had a, was fortunate, I was fortunate he was able to come fill in and, And we had a nice nice little week last week.


Yeah. I mean we're, so, we're very loyal to Max. He said it was good with him and Joe. So we're, we, we weren't mad at you or Joe, but we, we, there was a moment where we had our, our guns out and we're like, do we need to, do we need to, Hey, I reached, I reached out to Max first. I, I I wanted to do the right thing, you know, respect. Respect, yeah. Bro. Code. I like that. Yeah. Well, Although I don't know what I would've done if he said it's not okay. You at least have to ask. I think in, in full transparency, I think me and Big Cat said, we wish the best for you, but we didn't want you to win the masters with Joe the first week after Joe left. That would've seen mean for Max. But now there, there's some time there. Yeah. You waited. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. I'm, I'm fine with that. I'm fine with how it all panned out.


Yeah. Do you think that your regular caddy, like deep, deep, deep, deep, deep down inside saw you win and he was like, fuck. Oh, for sure. Right. Like, I mean, yeah, I, I tried to tell him as, as many times as I possibly could. Yeah. But yeah, well he's, I mean, I, I assume he is rooting for me in watching. There's, there's gotta be a small part of him that's, that's like, oh shit, yeah, now what's gonna happen? And I thought about kind of stringing him along and just messing with him. But I'm like, this poor guy's hurt. I can't do that to him. That's not, that's not fair. Right. Yeah. And al almost the more you, you say to him, it's good that you guys acknowledge it, that you joked around about it. But if you're like, no, listen, this guy means nothing to me.


He's just a fling. He's still at home. Like he's carrying the bags a little bit, a bit higher than I do. Did you tip him out? Did you tip out? Rev? What's that tip him for? When Yeah, For did you tip him for even though he wasn't on the bag? I have not. No. Oh, I, I just, I paid Joe. Yeah. But maybe, maybe you gotta tip out Rev being like, Hey, I wouldn't have been in this spot. Just so that he doesn't get it's, I mean, you, you got caddies you gotta deal with here. This is a very tricky situation for you. Yeah. That it just a little Something man. It's a wet the beach, a couple hundred grand. Come on. Yeah. You're good for that. You know, this was, this wasn't an issue probably until you guys brought it. Appreciate I know. Saying I was like, you, you Did, here's, here's what we could do.


We can delete this part and you can tip us out. Okay. Oh, So we can extort you, we Can extort you right now. We can make sure this goes Bye-bye. Never goes on the podcast. You tip us out and we're good to go. I mean, I don't, I don't see what could go wrong in That. Then we just, every two months we're like, Hey jt, we still got that footage. We gonna need to pay some more. We Just, we just have you on the Hey, we didn't get that last one. Maybe. Yeah, You run it back. That'd be incredible if like your Yeah, your career takes like a, like a weird turn. Everyone's like, what happened to jt? It's like, well, he went on part of my take and they tried to extort him For tipping.


It's Been weighing on his mind. Is There a s speed moment for you? Yeah. Yeah. When you were caddy for Jordan, would he tip you out For, what do you mean Ca Did you, didn't you caddy for Michael Jordan? Oh yeah. Yeah. Sorry. I was, I was thinking s speed. I was like, I don't think I caddy for him. Yeah. Oh yeah. He, he did when I, yeah, back in the day for sure. Yeah. Good tipper. He helped pay for my first car. So that would, that was huge. That's pretty good. That's, that's the Nick Saban way. That's exactly right. I didn't even have to get, get gifted one when I went to college. I Already had it. Yeah.


Alright. I got one last question for you. JT Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code, take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos. Hoodies, joggers, shorts, great golf stuff. Rollback dot com promo code take, you have nine professional course records at different courses. Which one is your favorite? That's pretty sick by the way. Just, just saying it out loud. Nine different courses. You have the course record. Do you have a specific one that is your favorite? And can you name all nine? I mean, I, after seeing it or after I, I really didn't know until it kind of started going out last week. What is last week? TPC Sawgrass. TPC Stadium Course in Palm Springs. Ku Lumpur. Kalua. Yep. Wingfoot, Aaron Hills. Medina, yep. And Wildlife. Yep. You got it. So which one's your favorite? I mean the, the 63 in the US Open was pretty cool. That was wrong answer. That's a good one. The next one. Wrong Answer. Well, the 59 is really fucking cool. Yeah, it is. Yeah. Well, fortunately for me, I had nine pretty cool ones, so I had to, I could choose, you know, some, some different ones. Yeah. It's a good list. Yeah.


How many holes in one do you have? 25. That's, That's Great too. Seriously? Yeah. Is that normal for a professional golfer to have 25? Probably not. I don't know. I'm not sure. I Feel like you either hear like, it's like 30 or like there's somewhere it's like I have two. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I'd say that's, that's a good way to to Describe it. Do you even get excited when you hit a hole in one like 25? Fuck yeah. 25. Oh, That, that'd be an old hat for me. I'd be like, oh, I guess I got another hole in one again. I gotta buy everybody drinks. Yeah. Let me have one of those 25. That's an insane number. How many, how many while playing? Like professionally?


Let's like four, five. Four Or five. Okay. So a lot of those are like, are are when you're playing privately Beforehand? Yeah. Yeah. Well not in, yeah, not in professional tournaments. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have, do you have a favorite hole in one Sunday of the masters? The Your Tiger one? I made one. That's pretty, That is Pretty cool. That's actually what I think most people remember about that Sunday. Yeah, definitely. That's actually the fir. It's always like, wow, tiger. He won the Masters. Like is that, didn't Justin made that hole in one? Right? Yeah. Yeah. When people are like, Hey, yeah Tiger, he won the Masters. Like, well he wanted a bunch of times. Are you talking about the time he won it win JT got that hole in one.


That's how we gotta, there we go. Like that. That's gonna cost you more money for us to get that narrative going. We'll give you our wire information after this. JT though, thank you so much man. We appreciate having you on. Best of luck the rest of the year. Hopefully see you. The Ryder Cup. We gotta win the Ryder Cup. It's a must win. It's a must win. Absolutely. Okay. All right. I Feel good. Absolutely. Thank you guys. And please don't try to extort me for too much. That's okay. It's very polite.


Justin Thomas was brought to you by pardon my cheese steak. The NFL draft is here and ordering part of my cheese steak for your draft day meal or late night eats is the best pick that you can make. Part of my cheese steak offers a wide variety of cheese steaks, loaded fries, popular desserts, all delivered right to your door so you don't have to miss any of the action on your couch. Pick your favorite cheese steak made with thin sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions on a toasted hoey roll. And you can order the popular Big Cat combo. Get your choice of a cheese steak, fries, and a drink. Go to part of my cheesesteak.com. Use promo code draft day and you get free delivery through Saturday night, April 26th. Just go to part of my cheesesteak.com and use promo code draft day and you get free delivery all the way through Saturday.


Justin Thomas was brought to you by our awesome new friends at Fast Growing Trees. New sponsor Alert. New sponsor alert. Did you know that Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the United States. They've got thousands of different plants, over 2 million happy customers. I don't know if I ever told you guys this. I used to sell trees back in the day. Not just Christmas. What? Not just what? Not just Christmas trees. What about Dogs? Used dogs too. Wow. But these were brand new, like right off the factory line. Trees and plants worked in a nursery for a little bit from The soil. I I would grow them in the soil sometimes. But this plant, this tree that Hank's got in front of him right here. That's beautiful. You know where he got it from? Fast growing trees. They shipped it to us. We took it outta the box and it looks beautiful here in the studio. I got a bunch of my place too that they're great. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. Put, are you gonna put any outside for the spiders to Live in? No. You don't want that. These No, I don't. You know, Those spiders Are dead. I thought spiders are dead, but I'm not trying to attempt them to come back. Right. These Trees are, are beautiful trees. Call it the spiders. Fuck the spiders come at me. I got, I got, I got a crazy contraption for 'em. Any spiders listening mount up? Yeah. You, you have a public enemy right now. He's calling You out. It's like a heavy dude or heavy duty spider sprayer. Well that's a Swiss cheese plant is what you have over there. So it's probably a Packers fan now that I think about it. But it's a beautiful, beautiful plant and fast growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online. Get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. I am redecorating some of my rooftop. I think I'm gonna have to get some fast growing trees up there. Yeah. Hell yes. Really turn. I want it to look like a rainforest cafe on my roof. Yes. So I'm gonna be in touch with fast growing trees about that. Whatever plants you want. They've got 'em. They've got all the plants that your yard needs. They've got fruit trees, privacy trees, privacy. If you're in Great Britain, flowering trees, shrubs so much more. I love this new plant. We gotta give it a name. Maybe Blake. This spring they've got the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show. Get 15% off their first purchase when using code PMT at checkout. That's an additional 15% off fast-growing trees.com. Use the code PMT at checkout so they know that we sent you fast-growing trees.com/pmt. Now is the perfect time to plant offer valid for limited time terms and conditions may apply. What about No, I was gonna say JO tree. That doesn't really work. That would work. It could Work. Yeah. We'll workshop It. We'll workshop it. Okay. Hank from Behind the Tree. That's a fast growing tree right there.


Fire Fest. Yeah. All time Fire Fest this week. Oh, All time. Good. I love this. This is when we, we roll up the sleeves, let's get it Going. It's, it's been, I've been rattled all week. It's just I'm a bad, I'm a bad, bad person. Yep. Bad son. My dad. Oh. Oh. No. Greatest Dad in the world. Big listener of the show. Big supporter. Supported everything over the years. Driving into work Sunday. Oh No, you missed His birthday. And I saw, you know, I saw like, I think I saw Billy Strings set list from the night before. I was like, oh, go listen to it. There's an app where you can listen to the, the shows the night before. I open it up. I see the date of the show, April 19th. And it hit me that I didn't, I realized I forgot his birthday.


When's his birthday? April 19th. Oh. So I saw it April 20th. Like I was gonna pull it up the show and it was like Billy Strings April 19th. And I was like, yesterday. It was April 19th. My god. And You didn't even root for Duke this year either. Yeah. Bad son. So you sent him a text? I called You called? And what was his reaction? He Was, he just, he just laughed. It honestly isn't the, it's happened before too, which is bad. But it was just, it was tough. He was giving me, you know, giving me shit for it Now. Rightfully so. But it was, it, I I, I felt really bad. I felt really bad Not to make excuses, hank not to make excuses, but I think that in this situation you should maybe not think about like, Hey, what did I do wrong?


And maybe blame the other people in your life because you have siblings. Yep. How do they not give you a heads up? You need the heads. Like, I've been close to missing it before, but I've always gotten the heads up text. I know, I know. That's where I kind of did that double check was like, did I miss, you know, 'cause we have a family group text and stuff. I was like, did other people say anything in that? No. Oh, that's actually even dirtier. So they were doing the side text. I don't, yeah, I didn't even, I I honestly haven't even reached out to find out because my Family group text would just be like everyone else. And then I'll just, I'll be like the, the sixth birthday. Yeah. Happy birthday. Still no excuse. But yeah, there wasn't any, any assistance there. Oh no. So What are you gonna do to make it up to him? He loves Rollback. I got a, I got a fantastic, well no spoilers, but might have a fantastic Rollback Care package.


But it doesn't, you can't really, it's tough to, to make up. I just gotta Do better. So did you b did you buy the Rollback or are you just Getting looked at it? You have in the checkout, You're just getting free. Rob Rollback sent to 'em. Well, I hit, I hit Rollback. Great. Great partners Love Rollback. Dads do love Rollback. They do. My dad, my dad loves Rollback. I'm wearing Red Loves Rollback. And I hit them up. I was like, is there a coat I should use other than promo code take? And they were like, we'll, we'll help you out. Let us know what you want. So That was a good move on your part. Hey, I'm at the checkout. I'm wondering if I should use the promo code or if there's a special promo code. I mean, we love Rob back. They're, they're, they're great partners. And my dad, it's like, maybe you know my, my niece and nephew and then Rob back. Yeah. Well that's The good news is like right now he's like, he's fully into grandfather life probably.


Right? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like he loves being a grandfather. Yeah. The, the son that he has without a child. He's like, yeah, of course. Of course. He didn't wish me happy Birthday. Yeah. It's, it's Tough. Do you think he's, do you think you're in his will? Yeah, I think so. I, I'm just asking 'cause like that's definitely something like if as if I get older, as I get older in life, like I will definitely be one of those people who will be like little tally sheet of like, which yeah. That could be the case. Which it out. I don't dunno if it's an even split and I that could, it could be going down by the day. Yeah. You're in his won't now. Brutal. It's really bad. Brutal. Really brutal. That's one of those things where it's just you every day. You're just like, when, you know, you can't like make it up. Yeah. You have to wait 365 days and it's Just like, fuck You got Set yourself a calendar right now.


Yeah, I did. I did. Because it will be on a Sunday. Man. I think you have to take on the responsibility next year too of like letting all your siblings know. Hey, just a reminder, tomorrow's dad's birthday. Mm. Yeah. I got a good idea to make it up to him. What maybe Master's next year that's around his birthday. Oh, Hmm. I'm, I'm down Maybe Taco Bell next year. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You're in the doghouse. Yeah. Yeah. That, that is the worst. Missing a birthday. 'cause you're just like, well, I got, I got nothing here. Yeah. The only explanation is like, sorry, wasn't really thinking about you. I I missed one. It's really just, I Just don't look like the calendar when it's a Saturday.


Like I just, yeah. I wasn't like, what day is it today? What's the, but I should have been aware of it earlier in the week is probably where I went wrong. But I just, you know, looked and I wouldn't have even seen it Sunday. Like, I don't know. I don't, I don't You check Because it's not even like, 'cause I missed a birthday last week, but it was a cousin. Like that's not Yeah, that's not mandatory. No. Like I feel like cousins are like, you know, you either get it or you don't care. Put Yeah. If you see it on Facebook. Yeah. Right. It's like, all right, we're good. But it's immediate family is, you gotta get the birthday, you gotta get it right. I did do that one year, I think on my mom's birthday, I called and my mom picked up and I was like, Hey, is dad there? And I was like, and then he picked and then he got on the phone. He's like, it's your mom's birthday.


I was like, yeah, yeah. No, I was joking. Can you put mom back on so it happens. Yeah man. Sorry Hank. It's All right. Brutal. My fire fest of the week is, I played in my first softball game last night. Nice. Oh Good. And we lost unfortunately. Ah, shit. Decent showing. Decent showing from the guys. We got one bad inning and that'll take it out of you. Yeah. What position? I played right field. Nice. And it kind of sucked 'cause there's no lights out at night. Yeah, no. It's very hard to see on that Field. You don't really see anything. Didn't make an error though. So I'm pumped about that. And, but then the last inning of the game, I was batting lead off in that inning, get a little base knocked first base, no big deal. And then I tried to leg it out from first base to third on a single from the next guy up.


You got To run on a third. No, no. I'm too fast for that. Yeah. But as I'm running the third base, I pull a hamstring. Oh. On like my second to last step. It was A muddy field. It Was a bad field. It was a bad field. And like, you know, the feeling, have you ever pulled a hamstring before? Yes. Yes. You immediately, you know exactly what it is. Yeah. And so, but since I was only like two steps away from third base at the time I get to third, I'm like, well, I just pulled my hamstring, but I guess I have to stay on base and try to run home. The very next ball that was hit was like a short, short fly ball to like the, like deep shortstop. Yeah. So you couldn't run Right away. And I, I tried to tag and I took one step and I was just like, Nope. Oh, it's not happening. So this stark reminder, I'm 40.


Yeah. So are you out for a while? I don't know. We'll see, I iced it down last night. That's brutal. But yeah, it's brutal. First, first game back. That field was a dangerous field last Night. It was injury concerns. Maybe, maybe you guys were right. Not having me on the team. It's like this guy is a, he could, if, if he put it all together and stayed healthy, he'd be a force. But best it never was. Best it never was. But we'll see A lot of you going getting treatment on myself. But the, the squad was awesome last night. You're, you're Hockey tough. You're you're You'll be good. I'll be fine. Lower body injury. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I'm so short. My entire body is lower body injury. But I, my squad is fun. Like the guys Cick had an all time performance last night. He told me about this. Yeah. So he was a little bit late getting to the game because he was at the Cubs game last night.


And For listeners this Cick, Mike Cick was a, he played center at Indiana A lot like Yeah. Center for Indiana. He's A big boy. Yeah. Big boy. And he took a pic like maybe an hour before their game. 'cause we played two hours before you. So we, we weren't on the same, we left before you got there. But I saw, I got back in my car an hour before the game, CIG posted a picture from Wrigley with two beers in his hands and a hotdog. Yeah. I was like, that's interesting. Well, That's, that's a solid. Listen, if you're his age and you just graduated from college. True. That's, That's what you live for. Yeah. Is those nights when you go to a baseball game, get a little drunk, then go to a softball game. So he tries to make it all the way over from Wrigley before the game. Halfway there, he realizes I have to shit. And he runs into a hotel on the way to take his shit.


Realizes that he shit his pants a little bit. Okay. So he had shit pants and he also tore like Ezekiel Elliot style, tore the bottom off his shirt, let the belly hang out a little bit and just dex the first runner of the game who's trying to score just like, runs into him and knocks him the fuck out. So that was fun getting to play with those guys. That's a football Player playing. So that sounds exactly like Yeah. Yeah. An offensive lineman drunk playing softball And do Yeah. And then at the end of the, at the end of the night, we played the night game, which started at nine 30. And so when I was leaving my house at like 8 45, I was thinking about going to sleep. Oh Yeah. Dude, I, I used to play the league where the le league game was 10 30. And it was just like, it, it was the worst feeling ever at 10:00 PM being like time to go play softball.


Exactly. Yeah. Like I would much rather be getting ready for bed Right. Than leaving my house to, to go to a softball game. But it was fun. And then I leave afterwards and all the other guys are like, yeah, we're going out to a bar if you wanna come along. I'm like, I can't go out to a bar and drink alcohol. So Wednesday night And you have a hamstring Injury, I have a hamstring injury. I gotta get home and ice it down. So yeah, I'm on, I'm on like the three day dl. Okay. I think that's not bad. Yeah. We'll see how I stand after this weekend. Yeah. Yeah. That feels sucks. You Can rest it up this weekend. Maybe I had, I'm gonna be doing a lot of walking on Friday. Yeah. I'm gonna, Montreal. I'm gonna, you're Gonna end up with a purple leg. I'm gonna be with Oldie. Oldie is gonna be taking me around Montreal.


I'm sure he'll, he'll want to just chill out and sit still in one place. Yeah. Yeah. But by the way, I don't know if we mentioned, I think I mentioned on the Yak, but oldie, we've hired oldie at Barstool Sports. He's not gonna be moving here from Canada, but he'll be here. I dunno, we'll have him for some hockey streams. I think We talked about that like a week ago. Yeah. Oh we did. I did say it on the show. Yeah. I don't think I said it on the show during the Whitney interview. Oh yeah. Yeah. We, I, that was right before we officially did hire him this week though though. Your mic is, we had not hired him yet, but we have officially hired him. That was before we had officially I'm A grind. Fuck. Yeah. I'm, I'm so excited to go through Montreal with, with oldie. Oh, it's gonna be great. Montreal I've heard is a very fun city. And then having oldie show me around, I don't know if he speaks French.


I think we're gonna try. But he put out a video this morning where he is like, get into a cold tub and he's got the side pouch Off with the speed up. Oh, I saw It. He is oldie. He's like doing a drug. Hanging out with oldie is like being on drugs. Yeah. I'm pumped. Yeah. Alright. My fire fest, I get a couple. One was we do our Pittsburgh radio hit every other week. PTI alternate great guys, bill and Randy this morning I was very tired and I joined on the radio and they played sound from two weeks ago when I was on. And I didn't realize that it was from two weeks ago. And I was just responding to questions and then I heard my own voice. And so I was just talking to myself in the car and I was like, this is really Embarrassing.


So you heard the interview where it was the two of them and then you Yeah. And then, But before I could answer, I started answering again. Yeah. A conversation I had already had. Right. Were you getting into an argument with yourself? I was just, I I my answer. Did you have the same take? It was pretty similar. That's good. They're like, do you want jy? And then a week ago you were like, no. And now you're like, yeah, No, it was, it was something about the pirates like screwing up. They were selling like the bricks in front. Oh yeah. Yeah. And I was like, oh, that's a Cubs move. And then I, so I said that two weeks ago and then as I was driving on the call, I, I started saying, oh, that's a Cubs move. And then it was like an echo and it was my voice saying, oh, that's a Cubs move. I was like, Jesus Christ, dude. There are times when I get into the car and I'm leaving work.


I think it's, it's on Wednesday. That's when you do your ESPN hit in Chicago. Yes. Yes. Yeah. On Wednesdays, sometimes I'll be wrapping up macro dosing and then I'll get into the car at like three or three whenever you do the hit. And I'll hop in and then the first thing I hear is me is Big Cat being interviewed on the radio. Yeah. And I feel like I'm still at work. Yeah. Yeah. It's a weird feeling. And then my other fire fest is, I don't know if this is a fire fest, you guys can tell me. I think, you know, we do a really good job with our interviews here. We, we make guests feel comfortable sometimes maybe we feel too comfortable with the guests. I didn't even think about it until Wednesday show went live. And then I got a bunch of tweets and they're like, Hey dude, you called an NFL head coach a pussy.


And I was like, oh. Oh yeah, I guess I did Well. That was weird. Well, I don't think I've ever done that. Did you call him a pussy? I did. Or was, Or was it? I said Stop being a pussy. When we were talking about the tush, I'm talking about Matt Lele, who is a very good guy and we appreciate him coming on. But that was like one of those ones where I probably shouldn't have done that. Well I think the Packers thing helps out a Little like that. That Yeah. But still it's like, oh, it's a Bear's Packers. Yeah. So I, I saw the clip. I didn't still, I didn't think that you called him a pussy. Were we talking about the Packers being in general being a pussy? No, We were saying the tush push. Right. But I think we were saying saying The Packers are pussies. No, he was like, I don't want to give my real opinion. I said something like, oh, don't be a pussy either way.


Probably gotta clean that up. I Did notice that when the word pussy exited your mouth, he like blinked. Yeah. He's like, I don't think He was, nor I don't think I like, and I've, I texted him and we've met him a couple times. He's a great guy. I don't know if we're at pussy level yet. Yeah. If you're a head coach. But think about it, if you're a head coach in the NFL, it's probably been years since someone's called you a pussy. True, True. Yeah. Actually, you might think, think about it might like what if this is the, a undermining of the entire package organization. Right. Like I called him a pussy and was like, you can talk like that. Yeah. And then it's just chaos. Or what if it just adds more fuel to the rivalry? Yeah. Like Ben Johnson pays basically called him a pussy. Yeah. And then He called him a pussy.


Either way. I'm gonna say hand up on that one. I probably should just be a little, little more aware of that, you know? Would you say that to Dan Campbell? Absolutely not. Because Dan Campbell is Not a pussy. There you Go. Yeah, that's true. He Just called Matt LaFleur pussy Again. Again. Yeah. Yeah. No, I don't think he's a pussy. He might have had pussy behavior when he didn't answer the push question. Well, reading between the lines on his answer, I feel like maybe the people in the front office that are pushing it. Yeah. So he's not, the pussy are doing it without consulting. Matt LaFleur about it. And he's probably like, I wish the Packers weren't the face of asking for this play to be banned. Okay. So that's, that's a good conclusion for pussy gates.


So, you know what strip map, the floor of the pussy title erroneous. Okay. Disavow of myself. Max. You get a fire fest. I had a pretty clean week. I was pretty good. Yeah. No, I had a, I had a bad week. Getting the stomach bug is by far like the worst thing that can possibly happen to a human. I think. Cancer, I feel like stomach bugs gotta be up there. Just kidding. Just kidding. Just kidding. Oh No, you, you feel like you're dying though. It's terrible. My, my ribs hurt from puking so hard. Yeah. So like every time I laugh or cough right now I'm still getting that, that feeling in my side. And you laugh and cough a lot even when you're healthy.


I laugh a lot. Yeah. I don't, I don't necessarily cough a lot, but I do laugh a lot. So Yeah. It was a tough week. I put my pants at one point. Oh no. Doesn't count If it's sick. Yeah. Doesn't count. Does Not count. Yeah. No, it was bad. I was in bed too, so that was tough. Oh. Did you ever have the moment where you, you were pooping and puking at the same time? No, I didn't have that. That's The worst. Yeah. Going number three. Yeah. No I didn't I, but I did have the plastic bags next to the toilet. That's thing. In case, in case that situation happened. You think That's a hungover thing Hank? When you It can be. Yeah. I've Never done that while hungover. That's A cra that's an unbelievable Hangover. I hang, I've done it once or twice and it's worse.


I've definitely had a hangover or whatever. That's an insane Hangover. I think it's crazy 'cause like, you know, when you're about to puke and you simply don't start pooping, then no, This, yeah, this was a once It's the other way Is it's happened twice and it's like, it's Obviously puking. You're pooping and then I have to puke. Yeah. That's happened hungover before. Yeah. Where you're like, holy shit, I think I have to puke. What do you, what's your move? Do you, because you, I've Had you gotta flush really quick and then just Yeah, it's Terrible. It's been through food. This is a terrible conversation and then I just lean over the tub. Yeah, No, that was like when, that happened to me one time and I still remember it when I lived in Massachusetts. It was, Yeah. One time when I was a kid I was peeing and I had a stomach bug and I like sneezed or something and as I was peeing like shit came outta my ass.


This Is disgusting. You, I mean we, we opened this can of worm Know. Yeah, yeah. It is what it is. Yeah. Come On this. I opened this can of worm. I dunno why I said wait. So how much weight did you lose? I don't know. I don't, I don't necessarily believe in scales. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I didn't, I don't have any, I don't have any before File that under something you, we already knew. Yep. The, I feel skinnier. Yeah. There is, that is the, the benefit of like getting a stomach bug is you feel so skinny. But then what happens is you get your appetite back after like you do the, you do the test meal and then you're like, alright, I'm good. And then you do the real meal and you just get so Fat again. I still, I'm still not at the real meal yet.


Yet. Oh. I'm still, I'm still getting, I'm, I saw You hitting some soup today. Yeah, It's a good, yeah. That's not, Yeah. Easy Way back. I had, I had a, I had a noodle. I had noodle soup. Okay. Not even, yeah. From like a Jewish deli here. Is there a is I'm not gonna say what kind of deli it was. It was a Jewish deli. It was Manny's. Yeah. That Manny's is great. Yeah. Is there like a meal that you had right before you got sick that now you associate with being sick? Oh, that's worst because that happened to me one time when I was younger. I, and I ate honey mustard pretzels right before I got sick. And then I didn't fucking touch a honey mustard pretzel for probably 20 years. Yeah. That that, that ruined Emmy squared for me. The, the really good pizza place in love. That place in Brooklyn.


Yeah. Yeah. It just killed me for it for like, I couldn't, I loved that place and I got sick right after. Not because of them, but it just ended it. Yeah. I stuffed peppers right before it. I don't think I'm having stuffed peppers anytime Soon. It's like everyone's got that one liquor that they like. Mine's gin. I drank too much gin when I was like 16 years old. Puked everywhere. And I have not, I don't drink gin. Mine was rumple mins, but then you get back on the horse. Yeah. I gin. I was that way with Chipotle. I got sick after eating Chipotle one time and it took me like years to start eating again. Now, now it's fine. Blake's got diarrhea too. Oh no. Bonus fire fest. Have you considered wearing a cone? No. I should wear a cone. You, you should. I don't. Yep. I should just wear it.


You Should wear a cone. You should wear a, a cone. Not an ice cream cone, but Yeah. Regular cone. You should wear a Cone. Yeah. Oh, I want some ice cream right now. Yeah, that sounds good. Not me. It's Getting warm out. It's time for ice cream cones. Gonna get back on my shit. We're gonna get an, we're gonna get a soft service machine in this office. And a gravitron. And a gravitron. Okay. Good. Show boys. Numbers. Three. Three. I think I, no, I think I was main shit. Yeah. 1777. 1 95. 99. Pug me. You think you're gonna get it today?


That would be so cool. I don't think so, dude, if, if I get it, whoever the jet strap is gonna be helping. What's your pick? Wiper? 54. 89 89.