
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, week three in the NFL we're gonna talk about every game from Sunday. We got a lot, some more upsets. Andy Dalton. the Vikings The Vikings are three and oh. Gino Smith and Sam Donald. They're three and oh. Huh? We got who's back of the week. We'll do a little Monday night preview. PF D's gonna be in the house in Cincinnati and talk Jags bills.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Td Tudy, taking it to the house in for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure Touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sportsbook partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or defense. We don't care how they score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns? The Draftking Sports book is delivering Ready to place your first bet, Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Or. how many tds will be in a game? Go to the DraftKings Sports Book app. Make your pick Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get 200 in Bonus bets instantly. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download. the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five Bucs only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. My Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings Download, the Draftking Sportsbook app. use code take, that's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five Bucs only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, September 23rd.


Week three, Whaling, stumbling, bumbling up, going to get him. We start in Minnesota where it's time to give this defense their Flores As Kamo are you? Ka Kamo had an interception and CJ Stroud looked greener than he had in previous weeks. As Jonathan added three sacks. Uncle Sam Darnell beat the Texans like it was the Civil War all over again. Throwing four touchdowns on the way to a three and zero. Start the Vikings 34, the Texans seven.


What, what Down to Nashville. Where Malik Dontrell Willis gave the Titans a high leg kick as his fastball was on all Sunday. Ram Emmanuel Wilson used all his fingers to haul at a touchdown. And er Alexander dropped his truck nuts on will Levis as he scored a super chill Pick six. Brian Tommy Callahan got the brake pads beaten off him and the Titans fall to oh and three. The Packers 30, the Titans 14. Stick it in the a FC South where dj, please sir, I want some more. Held his porridge bowl out, but had to go to bed hungry. Jonathan Taylor Swift said, I'm feeling 22 as in two touchdowns as he gased the Chicago defense in the second half.


Unfortunately, a black hole has been created on the bear's offense as they have Shane Waldron, well drawn Collider on the sideline where brain cells fired each other at millions of miles per hour and nothing ever happens. Remember ti remember when Hank thought the, that the world was gonna explode? It did. And the wall drawn Collider in 2016, the world ended. Boom. Shane wall drawn Collider living in simulation Colts 21, Bears 16 over to Pittsburgh, where the Steelers looked at the Chargers and said, did your defense stop work in when Joey Bosa broke down? You're still here for 30 years. You can't cover Calvin Austin with two sacks on the day. Nick, her big justice said, that's a poem. Boom.


And another poem. Boom. You're absolutely right. Boom. As Mike Tomlin said, I can't tell you what's in these chicken bakes. If I did, you might give a do do the distiller's 20, Chargers 10. We head down to New Orleans with our reporter Max Ante on the sidelines Max. We head over to New Orleans as the Eagles fans were asking, Hey Siri, Ani, do you think you'll ever make the right decision on fourth down? No. This rock track Who was was trying to get Siri? There was, sir. That was Siri, sir. Ani getting involved. We finally had the ar the arrival of Jian Carter as he was forcing close encounters with the quarterback all Day.


Are you trying to talk in a British accent, max? Nope. Nope. This is just, this is boom. Boom. Speaking of which Playboy, Derek Cardi was seeing plenty of Dean, Dean. Dean. Dean. Dean. Dean As was flying all over the field. But in the end it was once again sequent Tony starkly that was saying, I am the grid iron man while carrying the Eagles to their second win. Eagles 15. Saints 12. That's great. Great job. Boom. Out west in the late slate, Dave Canal said, I like sex in can. Dalton, as the Panther's new quarterback had a throwback performance shooting the red rifle to 300 yards and three TDS Gardner just for men's shoot died.


And I'm not talking about his beard as the Raiders offense sputtered all day. Chubba old Mo mother Hubbard went to his cupboard to give Dave Teper a bone. We're not talking about sex. Dave Canals. You freak The Panthers Won a game, huh? Huh? The Panthers, the Carolina pants are football court. Panthers 36, the Raiders 22 Down to Dallas, where Kendrick Lamar Jackson said, da da Dak dak d I'm gonna fuck him up. Dear Jerry's girl. I'm sorry your father's not active inside your world. See, Diddy Lamb looked like his hands were covered with a thousand bottles of lube out there and track Doto.


The Ravens avoided. Oh and three. Oh, Justin Tucker can't kick Filko with more necklaces than a Guido track. Doto got the ball running for the Ravens. The Ravens 28, the Cowboys 25, Standing on the corner. Jamis Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fun side to see. Azi O Drew Laurie. Not Aziz on. Sorry, has the Sean crying. Me Too. Jeez. Come on James. You gotta save us.


'cause the Browns are looking like a, a big a Giants 21 Browns 15.


And that was your Fastest Two minutes brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado is a partner, a partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using Silverado for all kinds of Pardon, My, Take jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Well, Silverado has been our ride for a cross country chip to the Super Bowl. They've been with us for the biggest hole we dug in Ohio. Last grit week. They went out west with us last week, or last grit week. This summer we drove the Silverado. They're also a presenting sponsor, the Low Man Award. Silverado brings the grit, legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to the chevy.com to build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week three in the books PFT. It was a crazy week three, I think. So the, the, the big picture for me before we get into all the games is Sam Donald's three and oh, Gino Smith's three and oh. and more than anything, this start of the 2024 season has just been a red blinking light of coaching matters a lot. Yeah. Yeah. It turns out that Minnesota might have one of the best coaches in the league. Yes. And I would also put McVay's performance this week right up there too. Kitchen Sink, which you get to Yeah. But beat the lab. But when you look around and we, we will get to all of them, but like Sam Donald's playing great ball. Malik Willis is playing great ball.


Justin Fields is playing great ball. What's the difference? Oh, they coaching. They have coaching. Yeah. Coaching. They've got good coaching Guys who've been cast off and then coaching now. Alright, so let's hop into it. Go through every game. We'll start with the Eagles 15. Saints 12. Huge win for the Eagles. This is a weird game because the Eagles on paper dominated this game. They moved the ball. They had, I think they were, they outgained them 460 to 219 yards. They just couldn't put the ball in the end zone, couldn't score points passed up, field goals, turnovers. But justice was served at the end in the fact that the Eagles probably the right side ended up winning with a Saquon Barkley 65 yard run in a Dallas Goddard.


What? 61 yard catch that brought him down to the goal line. So the Eagles are now two in one. Nick Ciani was probably the hottest seat it's ever been at halftime of this game. According to our good friend Max And, it felt like everything was crumbling and now they're two in one and they could easily have been three and oh. And it's like, hey, we're, we're good for a minute. I would say that coaching matters a lot and the Eagles should have won this game by a lot more than they did. Correct. So I, I'm hoping I haven't talked to Max about this yet, but I'm hoping that Max doesn't let Sirianni off the hook. Yeah. Yeah. He doesn't deserve to be left. Let off the hook. They won the game and they were the better team in this game. And the, the Saints offense did not look good. Yeah. Came back down to Earth.


I think. So going into the fourth quarter, the Saints offense, Derek Carr was eight for 15, for 59 yards. They were missing Tays Hill. Yeah. They also had an offensive line injury in the first quarter. But doesn't, you can't make excuses for that because the Eagles on the other side. No, AJ Brown lost Devonte Smith to a dirty, dirty play and then lost Lane Johnson. So the Eagles were the grittier team. They deserved this win. And the Saints, maybe we crowned the whole like Derek Carr renaissance a little early. I do hope that the streak of no murders in New Orleans continues. So it hasn't. I got, I got some news about that. So there've been, it was up to tonight.


18 days. It was up to 19. It got up to 19 days. And so when the Saints were winning football games, there was peace on the streets of New Orleans. Ray Lewis taught us that. Yeah. That with, when the NFL is gone, you get this thing called violence. Violence. Yeah. And yeah, city of New Orleans was very happy with their Saints. They weren't killing each other. But then I looked into it a little bit more. It actually started the other way. So it's almost like the Saints feed off the city. Ah. And so, chicken in the egg, this was a game where there was a, a murder. I think that happened on either Saturday or Sunday morning before the game. And then the Saints lose their first one. So it's like, if you're a murderer or if you see a murder in the, the state of Louisiana, if you see somebody about to murder someone step in and say, sir, sir, please don't do that.


You're gonna ruin it for the rest of us. And the Saints are gonna lose. Sir, Sir, do you know about the motion offense the Saints are doing this year? Yes, sir. Clint Kubiak has changed how Derek Carr's playing. I Like to think that Clint Kubiak is just a crime junkie and he just refreshes like the news every morning. Yeah. He gets in a bad mood if he sees violence out there. So this is, this is Help Clint out. This is the Kylie Jenner handing a Pepsi. Yeah. Instead you're handing like a play call sheet to, to the murderer being like, look at this. Think about how pre-snap motion. Think About how excellent Derek cars looked in the first couple weeks. Yeah. Do you wanna ruin That? He didn't look great today. He did not. They, that also is credit to the Eagles defense. They were flying around. Looks like maybe the Vic Fangio defense is starting to take hold. He Didn't do the the prevent. Yeah. Which by the way, why is that the only time you pronounce it?


Prevent and not prevent. Prevent, yeah. Prevent, Prevent. Yeah. Prevent, Prevent. It's not, it's not prevent defense. It's, it's prevent defense. It's prevent defense. But I don't know. It's the only time we ever prevent inflection on it. Yeah. Yeah. So Max, will you let Nick sirianni off the hook? No. That was a horrible display of coaching from him today. Thank You, man. First one Good man made no sense because I, I don't Wait. The first what? Max The first fourth down go for it made zero sense because they would've had to use their last time out. The, the risk reward was to get one shot at the end zone from the, from the 13 with 10 seconds Left with 10 seconds left.


Yeah. It was stupid And. it was, it made whatever. Very dumb. And then the second one, I think it was just him being stubborn of like, oh yeah, I know everyone wants me to kick this field goal, but I'm just gonna go for it again because I'm Nick Ani and I don't really give a fuck what everyone else thinks. So, no, it was really, really, really, really bad, really bad coaching from him today. There's something about Nick Sirianni too. I think it's just all the memes. Just when he does dumb shit, he looks Real Dumb. It's just extra dumb. He looks Very dumb. Very dumb. Right. Like, there's some guys that can go under the radar. I mean, Dennis Allen's done a lot of dumb shit. We don't really even think about it. Yeah. I don't think about Dennis Allen at all, But Nick Cii, it's like he does something dumb. And then you just, and there's also the funny meme culture that started where Nick Cii does something dumb and it's like Nick Siri without Shane Steichen.


It's a guy like standing next to a pizza oven. Yeah. It's cooch. He's doing a video. I also Think it's the video of Nick Sirianni being like, I know what I'm fucking doing. Yeah. That whenever he does something dumb that gets brought up, And it. I don't think you do. It's It's the one where in the NFC championship game, maybe when he looks right in the camera, like got right up to the camera. Yeah. And did, did the point that one fucking sucks. Yeah. It, he's one of those guys when anytime he's absolutely certain about anything, the more confident he is, the more wrong he is. Yeah. That's kind of how it boils down with him. And then after the Game Max, what was going on with Big Dom? Big Dom Was, oh, well you need a big Tom for Jalen Carter. He had to get in front of Jalen Carter. Right. Well, Jalen Carter was an absolute beast today.


Yeah. He was a game wrecker. That was the best game he had. He's had as an eagle. And he gets a little fired up. The Saints players are dirty. I guess he did, he took that up with the fans. Yeah. And he didn't like it. Yeah. But it's okay. There's a little bit of fire in our defense. That's fine. CJ Gardner Johnson. Yeah. Talking all the shit. Would You like to disavow for our good friend Derek Carr? Guess The program. I'm program recurring Guest. I'm not gonna, I'm gonna let cj That Was a very mean thing that he said. What Did he say to Derek Carr? No, no. He said afterwards in the locker room, I think it was overheard. He said, they ain't no contenders. They're pretenders. They have Derek Carr. Remember that? Mm. That hurt. That's hurtful. That Seems mean.


That's very hurtful. Yeah. No, his post game was insane. Like, he, it, it, it was like he just kept talking shit and then he was like, gimme another one, gimme another one. And he's like, we're the best defense in the league. Front seven. Best secondary, best D-line. Best. So is, is he one of those guys that you love having on your team? Or is he one of those guys that you secretly hate having on your team that you have to pretend to support? It's, I love it. I love it when we're winning. He's in The, he's in the category of, you can't have too many of him. Correct. Like the, the, the crazies. He's Crazy. It's good to have, but it's good to have a couple of 'em. You gotta have one or two to play on the edge. But if you have like a, if the whole team, if you made the whole team outta CJ Gardner Johnson, it'd be a real big problem.


Be, I'd be like the old school Raiders. So How are you feeling overall? Because that, that was, like I said, the, the Eagles kind of dominated that game. It feels like the, the pressure got fixed a little bit. They were in the backfield all day. They shut down the run. Jalen hurts. Still a little up and down. Yeah. No. Jalen Hurts was about as up and down as you can have of a game today. He has 26 turnovers since the start of last year. That's leads the league. But Is that true? Yeah. Is that a real stat? Yeah. Sounds insulting. It's, it's just A stat. Okay. He's up and down, But he also was 29 for 38 for 311 yards. And yeah, I think over a hundred quarter. The good Is, the good is great. The good is great with Like, he had a good, he had two really, really, really, really bad plays.


And then the rest of the game, he was really good with nothing to work with. Like when Agent, when Smith went down, it's literally Dallas Goddard and nobody else. Like Johnny Wilson, the six round pick from Florida State was like a go-to receiver to, to try and win the game. Which by the Way, a fun fact about Johnny Wilson, he's got the biggest wingspan in the history of the NFL. How did Yeah. Yeah. Threw that out. Broadcast. Broadcast. How did we not know that? That Was insane. I feel like that's a stat we should have been all over. He's massive. Massive. He is a large human Being. And I saw his arms. He does have like that. Yeah. He's got the wimpy top of the arm going on where his like top arm bone, whatever the humerus maybe. Is that what it's called? I that thing is fucking long. Yeah.


He's, he's, he's a big boy. Dropped a big ball from Fastest to him and, and that last drive. But, so How you're feeling overall, I mean, two and one and also your one loss is, I mean, it was an insane loss. You can't take it Back. This one was also like if the Saints don't pick, if, if it's not a, if the Saints don't pick each other in that Dallas Gotter long. But you guys kind of dominated the state. Yeah, we did. We dominated the game. That's, that's his Kellen Moore win right there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. We crossed The defense up. And Vic Gio. Yeah, Vic Van Gio Was awesome. And you, you lost Lane Johnson. We lost everybody. Do we know what's going on with Lane? I Think it was a concussion, right? Yeah, it was a concussion. But apparently he was puking on the sidelines. Yeah. So that can't be a good good Sign. And Devonte Smith got Devonte Smith also a concussion, which is was such a dirty play.


It was very dirty. Also, Darius Slay got hurt on a dirty play. The, the, what's his name? K what? Okay. So this I think might be, I don't know. You got it. You got this. I I wanna say Car Ryan Carrigan? No, not Ryan Kerrigan. Yeah. Kering. This might be an example of why having CD Gardner Johnson on your team is not necessarily always a good thing because he pisses everybody off on the other team so much that they wanna take it out on your guys, I guess. But like, we didn't do any, they were the ones doing all the dirty plays. Our players. Yeah. But it was also the Saints defense was the one that hurt Devonte Smith. They, they probably don't care about CJ Gardner Johnson. Correct. I think everybody hates cj. Yeah. But no, you're right. Like the Saints were playing very dirty today.


Yeah. And the one and the guy who heard Devonte Smith allegedly spit on him after he hit him. Yeah. Did you see that? I did not see that. I didn't. I didn't. But we should do something about that. I'm gonna, I'm gonna trust your, We should do something about that. We should send someone to jail or something. Figure that out. Who Is it? Who? I need you to pronounce the name of the guy that spit on him. Good. Oh, here it is. Disgusting. He spit on him. I I the spit videos are always tough to decipher. 'cause You can see a little, a little lougie right here. Oh, Oh yeah. He might have Is is that What that is or is that just a, a clip in like the film of the video.


But you won the game so you don't even have to use this. Like, they're lucky Saints fans are lucky that the, the Eagles, you know, Twitter wasn't enacted. If they had lost this game, it would've, this would've been a bigger deal. Yeah. So we gotta see what's going on this week. A win. You're two in one, But then we go to go to Tampa next week. And if we don't have anybody on offense, it could be, it could be A long day. I do think you should like, take something away. The fact that Vic Fangio, it takes a while for his defense to start working this. It usually takes more than two games. But this was the first sign of like, okay, this is starting to work. That was the best defensive effort the Eagles have had in a long time. Long time. So Against a really good offense. Yeah.


Like Yeah, It was, which we might have crowned a little too early. I mean this week three is we, we, we, we came back down to Earth on a couple things. Yeah. Cowboys could just stink. I still think the Saints are good. No, I did too. I think you beat a very good team today. Yeah. And. it was a hard fought game. Okay, next up team. That is definitely good. Vikings 34, Texans seven. the Vikings are just good. Brian Flores, that defense was everywhere. They made CJ Stroud look bad. They, he hit two picks. I think he, he got sacked five times. The, the like, the epitome of what Brian Flores defense has been doing to other teams was that end of half when the Texans took three consecutive false start penalties.


Yeah. And then an illegal procedure. They Get so confused. They don't know he'll, he'll look like it's cover zero than it's cover two. He'll look like it's cover two, it's cover zero. It's very, very confusing. And it was crazy. CJ Stroud had that, what he did to CJ Stroud was actually worse than what Brian Flores did to Tua. Yeah. He just, he just made him look like dog shit the entire game. Yeah. The Texans just never got going. The, the Vikings defense is very much for real. And we said at the start, but Kevin O'Connell has Sam darn playing great football four touchdowns for Sam Donald. It was the only, only one other time has he done that in his career. It was the first time he's had multiple touchdowns in three straight games. And he now is the fourth quarterback to start three.


And Oh, for the Vikings. Dante Culpeper, Fran Tarkenton, Brett f and Sam Arnold. It's, Who Would've thought That's quite a list. It's quite a List. Yeah. He looks awesome. And yeah, it's, I'm rooting for Sam. Yeah. Because he kind of, well, him and Baker, it's like the 2022, the Panthers had one of the best quarterback rooms in the NFL, it turns out. Yeah. And yeah, Donald studs everywhere. Donald's he's, he's having fun. And you have to root for a guy like that. He seemed like one of those, you know, he was a, a dog that had been kept indoors, just chained up for a while. And now he's actually, Kevin O'Connell has Hyperdrive. Yeah. That's what he needed. He needed he, Kevin O'Connell had to unlock him. But It's coaching like Kevin O'Connell is coaching Sam Darn to be the best Sam Darn possible.


And he also is, was smart enough to bring in Brian Flores and be like, take care of this side of the ball. Yep. And I think the Vikings like this isn't a fluke. I think they're, they're very, and obviously you have a guy like Justin Jefferson who's just a game wrecker. But yeah, the Vikings look awesome. And Aaron Jones has been awesome. He's been awesome. And they're doing this without Addison and they're doing this without TJ Kinon too. Yeah. So the, the Vikings could get better on offense. Yeah. Who I think they play the Packers next week, which will be big for the NFC North. This was also a, a wife's a wife swap of defensive ends game. Yes. So you had Danielle Hunter, who's now on Danielle Hunter, who's now on the Texans. And then you had Greenard, who's now on Jonathan Greenard Yeah. On The Vikings.


And Greenard had the much better game between two of them. Three Sacks, three sacks. It was, it was a fun game. And I, I have to believe in the Vikings now. Like the Vikings are fun to watch. Yeah. And it and, and the game could have gone different. We should say that if the Texans hadn't fumbled going in, but Yeah. I'm just kidding. Don't get mad at me. Vikings fans, I apologize again for last week. But yeah, the Vikings are for real. Like, I, they're, that defense is just, it's fucking people up. I mean that it back to back week, you know, week one, obviously the Giants are kind of a mess even though they won this week. But the 49 ERs and the Texans are two teams that are, teams that have Super Bowl aspirations and their offenses have a ton of dudes everywhere.


And Brian Flores basically put 'em in his back pocket. I really wish they did have a little interaction afterwards. I really wish Sam Dar had big CJ Stroud. Yeah. Come on. Hey little bro, little bro. Things are gonna turn around for you. Okay. Listen, that was, it's tough to follow up that CJ Stroud to have that performance after that clip. Well, CJ Stroud had to clarify that he did not intend to big bro Caleb. He definitely bri big bro. Him though. He's just, I mean, I guess I understand where CJ Stroud's coming from. 'cause he was so phenomenal last year that you'd be like, yeah, this is just every single year. But today was, was kind of a wake up. 'cause I, I really do think that was probably the worst CJ Shrouds looked. So I gotta imagine that if One interception was Tipped Pass, but still he was, they were all over him. I have to imagine that if Malik Willis plays next week for the Panthers, that's gonna be the game I finally win betting against for the Packers Will Packers.


Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That will be it. Yeah. That's the one. Well, it confuse him. Flores is gonna confuse the fuck out of him. Yeah. But Malik will might just be next Up. But that's what I'm saying, Flores, he has the ability to confuse really good quarterbacks. I think Malik Willis though might just start, he might just slay defensive coordinators. He Might be, it's just pro, it is just the Packers uniform. It's, it's their organization. Okay. Anything else on this game? Hank, what'd you think about this game? Good game. Yeah. Yeah. Hard fought, darn Hard Fought stud. Yeah. Anything else? What do you think about CJ Sout Didn't play well. Yeah. Yeah. Is he no longer him? No. I don't think one game determines Too much.


Is CJ Trod washed? I don't think so. Okay. I think he might be washed. So you, you would, what would you rank the game on the Hank Meter? Five out 10. Five out 10. Okay. Pretty boring. I mean, Brian Flores great coach. What about that Eagles Saints game on the Hank of Meter? I had the Eagles hungry dog. Okay. So I was, I was happy. I was, I was pulling my guy Max. Okay. Alright, next up we've got the Colts 21, Bears 16. Whew. I don't really know. I, I don't really know how to start this other than the fact that I've been taking a lot of shit. Nothing has changed about my opinion about Kale Williams other than the fact maybe everyone was right.


That Matt ifu is a fucking moron. And we should have fired him, which I actually was in favor of. But when it was clear that they weren't going to, you kind of had to just fall in line. But yeah, that was, that was a very winnable game. And the Bears didn't win it. And I'm trying to stay positive. I'm trying To stay positive. That was like the most winnable game Ever, ever. I'm, it Was super, on a scale of one to 10, I'd say that's a nine. It's Matt, Matt IFU is 11 and 26 as a head coach. Now. We've seen enough, I I'm just so sick of Caleb Williams, obviously. He's, he's a rookie quarterback. He's gonna be up and down. The turnovers weren't were bad, but he also had some really nice throws threw for 363 yards.


I know. People were like, oh, the Hail Mary at the end of the first half, which didn't go in that counts too. Yeah. He still would've been over 300 yards. Whatever. I'm Caleb Williams is not my worry at all. I know people are gonna say he is a bust and all that shit. He's not my worry. I swear to God, I'm not worried at all. I'm worried about the coaching staff just like ruining him in a way that, that makes me worried. I I also think that we're addicted to busting people now. Oh yeah. I get it. It's funny, the Earlier you can call a bust the better. Yeah. What's that Truck? It's LOL Bears. Everyone's gonna, you agree Shit on em. Yeah. You guys love busting people. Yeah. Do we do? We do. But I, I don't, I we bust A lot of people. I'm not worried about Caleb Williams. I swear to God I'm not.


And I know people be like, you're just making excuses. The Shane Waldron special of that for that, that first and goal, first of all, Matt Ebra flus didn't challenge a clear spot to challenge. Yep. With Cole. They ended up getting the first down. But you were such a fucking pussy. You, you basically got bullied outta doing challenges. We didn't want you to not challenge, we wanted you to not challenge fucking things that you were gonna clearly lose. So with, with I flu, it's Yes, he's a bird brain. He's not very smart. And he mismanages in-game decisions all the time. And then you compare him to the other coaches that are in that division right now. Yes. He's in a division with Dan Campbell. Matt LaFleur. And It's a joke. O'Connell. It's a joke. And if you look at those other three coaches and then, and then you look at Ilu, it's very glaring that he's probably not the guy to stick around for a long time.


He's, it's, and and I knew it. Remember when, when Hard Knocks came out and I said, they're trying to make him look cool to make us forget that he sucks as A coach. Coach. He did make, he did Look cool to Do that. They, that's the cool, he looks Cool either way. That fir that that person goal, they did a wildcat run ban the fucking Wildcat. It hasn't worked since fucking the Dolphins and Ronnie Brown. Like stop doing the Wildcat. You just take the ball outta your quarterback's hands. It makes no sense. Even When the Chiefs run it. And, and they're one of the most well coached offensive teams when they do the Wildcat. That's exactly when they're being too cute. It's crazy. So he went wildcat waist of a down run, straight up the middle, nothing run straight up the middle, nothing. And then an option play to the short side of the field when, by the way, it's the end of the first half.


So you should probably just take the points because you're not gonna get the advantage. I know they ended up getting the ball back because the Colts are the cults and they have their own issues, which we'll get to. But God damnit, do I fucking hate these guys? Shane Waldron is a Moron. So Shane, Shane Waldron is, he loves all the gadgetry he gets so gadgety, none of Them Work. And they're all the very slow developing plays behind the line of scrimmage too, where somebody gets tackled for like minus three yards on a jet sweeper. An end round. It was, it was sad to watch that. It was a painful game to watch. They can't run the ball. It was painful to watch DJ Moore too, because DJ Moore, he's got, he's got some bad body language in him. It's, it's not good. They can't run the ball. Deandre Swift should not be the starting running back anymore.


Rojan Johnson should, should or Khalil Herbert. Like he can't. He just has shown that he's not getting any of the yards. I know the offensive line sucks. He Had, he had 1.5 yards per carry this week. He had 1.3 last Week. It's so bad against the Colts defense. It couldn't stop the run. It's fucking, it was painful to watch. Painful to watch. I have a little fun fact for you. This is a insult that my own expense. The Bears have run 59. The Falcons just fumbled. Of course they did. That's just the cults. I mean that's just the Chiefs. That's what the Chiefs do. The Bears have run 59 second down plays. How many of those do you think have turned into first downs? Almost none of them.


Five. Yeah. Out of 59. Think They're the lowest in the NFL by a significant Margin. Oh, more. The Panthers I think are like 18%. The Bears are like 6%. Yeah. It's crazy how bad they are. As for the Cols, listen, the Colts defense was great. They stood up, they stopped the run. Anthony Richardson is, I, I'm not changing anything I said I know that. I know people will be like, you can't say that after you just said you're not worried about Kale Williams. I'll say it again. Kale Williams was good in college. I don't think Anthony Richardson was. I, I watched the whole game. Anthony Richardson tried to give us that game a hundred times. Yeah. He's not a mid-range quarterback. He's not a short range quarterback leader.


Short, mid, long range. He is. Anthony Richardson is best when you just watch him throw Yeah. Like And I know they won the game, so I can't, which is perfect. I can't really criticize. Like at a pro day, hypothetically, he would look awesome at a pro day. Yeah. But in an FL game when he need to manage an offense. Listen, I was one of the biggest Anthony Richardson fans after week one of this year. 'cause I remember watching him last year and he is fun to watch when he runs with the ball, he runs super violently, which is cool. He throws the dick off the ball, which is cool too. But yeah, there were a few throws he had today where it was like that that told me right there, if you're a Colts fan to this, you remember the interception at the goal line that pass that. Trust me, I've seen a lot of bad quarterback play in my day.


That should be a play that you should file away as one that's like, is he the guy? Probably not. It's it's, and it's not even like the interceptions were bad, but it's more just, there will be a guy standing wide open and he'll throw a 10 year, 10, 10 feet over his Head. Yeah. Maybe he needs to work out before games No touch and get the arm super, super tired. Yeah. So, but again, I, it seems like 10% off everything. I lost the game. So I can't, I can't criticize too much. I just, I, I feel confident in, in, in my analysis o on Anthony Richardson. But the Colts deserve credit. They want to game hard fought game. And the Bears are just, I just fucking hate the guys who are making the decision so much. And I just, I want Kle Williams to, I think he's on the path to being very, very good.


But I think that there's a big blinking sign of Shane Waldron and Matt Ebra fleece. I've got some cheer up Big Cat stats for you. Okay. So I'm actually surprisingly like this, you, you guys did the hypothetical every time where it's like if Caleb Williams throws for this many yards, like he did have some insane throws. There was one that, I think the one that got called back where he, he scrambled and hit Cole ment, like on the run was just an insane throw where you see it and you're like, that's it. Obviously the pick on the sidelines was brutal. Like can't have that. The strip sack brutal. Can't have that. But that's a rookie quarterback. I've seen the parts where I'm like, if those other things get cleaned up, that's what we got. And it's good. Yeah. But Go ahead. So your cheer up Big Cat stats.


Yeah. Caleb today has the most passing yards by Bears quarterback since 2016. Yes. That's pretty cool. Cheer up Big Cat. Here's another Brian Hoyer. I believe it was Brian Hoyer. Yeah. That's sad. Caleb's numbers keep doubling every week. His yardages. Yeah. It doubles. He had, so he is gonna get infinity. He had 93 week one and then week two he had what? Like a, it wasn't quite double, it was like 180 yards. Week two. And then week three he has 363. So Infinity, we're on the way to infinity. Yeah. Just wait. Learn about investing. Right? Yes. If your money doubles every single day, then you could retire at the age of tomorrow. I love that. That's pretty, I love that stat. Also. You're gonna get Keenan Allen back. Yeah.


And there's that. Caleb had That would help a lot with the middle of the, the field also the passing chart looks good. He's doing things that Bears quarterbacks don't do. Caleb also had the first touchdown pass in your rookie quarterback. Yep. And he had two of them. Yep. His first one was funny 'cause he threw it to Romo. Dunay. Yep. And then he ran after Romo. Dunay. 'cause Rome ran off the field with the ball. Yep. Then there was a big controversy about who gets that ball. Yep. Is it Caleb Williams' first touchdown pass. It was cute. Or is it Rome's first touchdown reception. Yeah. Of all the time in the NFL. Yeah. I think they should do the, the Solomon Riddle cut the ball in half and then if one of 'em says no, I'd rather see the ball go to the other guy than to see a football cut in half. That's the true owner. I'm, I'm down for it. Rome looked good today.


He did look good. Yeah, he looked awesome. So that was very encouraging. And the defense still is awesome. They just, they get gas, they get gassed at the end of games because they just have to do so much. Also just, there's a total side that's very niche. But our good friend Tom Ferelli, he has to stop texting me. This is the drive that Caleb Williams does it, because I think we're like, oh, for 15 now. Yeah. He texted me that again tonight. Today. You gotta believe And. it was the strip sack. You gotta believe like two seconds later You gotta believe you can't get two seconds later. It's too early to get negative. But I'm, I am staying more positive than I'm, I'm sure there's people who want me to be very negative and there's gonna be people who are like, Hey, you're such a idiot. He's a bust, blah, blah, blah, blah.


I don't think he is. I just fucking hate this coaching staff and I'm so sick Of him. Well, Tom's also a White Sox fan, right? Yeah. So he's, yeah. He, he just has to pour all of his optimism into One thing right now. Yeah. Would you? Illinois football is four. No, Hank, would you like to criticize, say anything? You usually like to jump in here, told you so blah, blah, blah. No, Just the coaching. I mean, I did, they they kept him around for a reason. That was, that was Kinda, yeah, it was a stupid reason. It was a stupid reason. What was The reason I wanted Jim Harbaugh? No one wanted Jim Harbaugh more than me. I was fucking on the like standing up saying, bring us Jim Harbaugh. I don't know what the reason was because the ownership. What was what Honestly, what was The reason?


The ownership doesn't want to pay someone to go away. And they also like having people they can control. And Jim Harbaugh would've been a nightmare because he is an alpha and it's so stupid the way they set this up where you brought in a guy and he should have, you should have brought in someone who could coach him correctly. Instead, we get Weber flus and Shane Waldron. And I honestly think Shane Waldron is by the way, the the end of the line of if you, if you like, were around Sean McVay at any point. Yeah, That's, we figured that's how we figured out what that line is. Yeah. If you, I I think the Bears ownership probably just saw Matt Ebra flu's got a better haircut and like he's really turned around. He Got funk up. He got funk up. I do like our guy funk.


But yeah, I'm, I'm more positive than I think people will probably want me to be. I'm just, I'll play Anthony Richardson. I mean, that's not hard to do, But that's that. Imagine if, if, yeah, that didn't happen. Yes. It's more about, I agree. It's more about how the running game couldn't do anything against the Colts. They haven't been able to do anything all season. It's a joke. The Colts stink on defense. It's A joke. So bad. Painful to watch. That was a painful game. Who's next week? Rams. So that's a, who's every, I mean, every game, every game is a coaching mismatch. Yeah. It's, it's in Chicago. I'm gonna say the Rams are one point favorites. Oh, I think Bears are one point favorite.


I think the Bears are favorites. Yeah. One and a half. Okay. Well, we'll see what happens. That's why they play the games. I'm, I'm still, I'm still all in on Caleb. I just wish Shane Waldron would go away. That fucking clip of him shaking against the Texans. Alright, let's move on. Giants 21. Browns 15. I thought for sure this was gonna just be, holy shit. The Giants have completely bottomed out because they fumbled the opening kickoff and then Deshaun Watson hit Amari Cooper on the very next play. And you said to yourself, this is, this is gonna be one of the worst teams in the league. The Giants have the worst vibes in the NFL on kickoffs. Yeah. Just real bad, bad things happen on opening kickoffs.


Opening Kickoffs. But then Daniel Jones played a pretty damn competent game. And Malik Nabors is the real deal. The real deal. And the Giants win this game. And it's probably says a lot more about Deshaun Watson being the worst quarterback, starting quarterback in the NFL right now. But credits to the Giants. Because if I were on that giant sideline and we fumbled the opening kickoff and then they scored the next play, it would've been like, pack it up, let's go. Yeah. So it turns out that the Giants have a new motto for this year. Oh, they came up with this this week. Tell me, tell me it's Fuck it. Nice. Fuck it is the Giants motto, which I love. That's perfect. Fuck it. Fuck it. Let's just beat the Browns today. Oh, they, they scored on us after 11 seconds.


Fuck it. Let's just go beat him. Fuck. And Malik nab is the ultimate fuck it guy for Daniel Jones because he could just throw the ball up. And do you see that one catch that neighbors had on the sideline where he like he took it away from the defender. He actually, he's kinda like Travis Hunter. Yeah. He could, he has to intercept a lot of passes that are intended for the other team to intercept. Yes. Yes. And Malik Nabors, if you just throw it near him, he will make a play on it. Daniel Jones look good in contrast. But also Deshaun just got beat up today. He got beat up eight sacks had eight sacks. Yeah. The offensive line for the Browns. I don't know how much you can chalk up to injuries. How much you can chalk up to losing the offensive line coach who's like the best offensive line coach in the NFL now that skunky is not around.


But Bill Callahan left to join the Titans to coach with his son. And the offensive line for the Browns just looks like absolute shit. What about, can we chalk any of it up to Rust? Yeah. We could do rust, Deshaun, Watson's, rusty. We could do rust. He needs to clean those pipes out. He's Never been anyone rustier in the world. He's Still ru he's got lingering. He's still rusty. Lingering rust. He's Still rusty. No. Deshaun Watson's ba I don't know what you do if you're a Browns fan with Deshaun Watson. I think you just hope that he's like, I I I don't even know that you get outta the contract. I dunno. You just is Implicated with Diddy. Yeah. That's what you gotta hope for. If you're a Johnny Fanta, you just have to laugh at this Point. We, we have the clip. Johnny Fanta are the preeminent Browns fan. I love this. It's about a minute and a half.


Another Sunday, another backyard. And what we just watched was a, He's got a really nice backyard circuit On Lake Erie. Two weeks ago I was ticked off. Now I'm just laughing because that was comedic On the first play, you recover a fumble on the second you score a touchdown, you're inside your own building against a team that threw two weeks was one of the worst in the league. And you give up 21 unanswered. How about those apples? I'd like to be apple picking somewhere in the woods right now. What a joke.


What a joke. First off your offensive line. Five turnstiles right now. And I know what, what being a turnstile is like because when I was an offensive lineman back in high school, quarterbacks feared their lies when they entered the huddle. That offensive line is, is not good. So certain quarterbacks overcome a bad offensive line. This one's, he needs everything situationally to be perfect. I'm sure all his defenders will be out this week saying how there's no way anybody could function, not even Tom Brady with this offensive line, but Tom Brady could because franchise quarterbacks figure out ways around it. Facts. The other thought though, I think we're finding out why Jim Schwartz was available in the first place a little over a year ago.


Because clearly he can't adjust. Danny Dimes is back. Big blues rolling Giant fans. This is your day. Make your Sunday sauce because right now I'm eating. You know what? Oh no. Oh no. As a fan of this team, What is he eating? Embarrassing joke. I don't get it. This dog, it is having a lot easier time than I am. Happy Sunday. Happy Sunday was the best part. Oh, I gotta do is Happy Sunday. Yeah. He's like, I I disagree from The Shining or something. I Disagree with him about De Sean. If there's a knock on Shun, he has overcome too much in his past.


Yeah. He's fans is the best. He's he's the best. But yeah, I I 'cause you had last week we were like, Ooh, maybe the Browns are not as bad as we thought. And they're like, Nope. Deshaun, Watson's bad. Yeah. Yeah. Browns Iran tweeted at him afterwards and said, this mighty little man knows the ball. And if you ever travel to Iran, I will take you to the Goat Racing Championship and then you can have sex with my wife. I'm guessing that might not be an actual Iranian that's tweeting those things. It well, I think, I think fans should at least take him up on the offer. At least the goat racing. Yeah. Yeah. The goat race sounds like a great time. Goat Racing sounds awesome. Yeah. Now, there was a, a moment in this game that must have driven Brown's fans crazy.


They had an interception that they returned for a touchdown and they had everybody on the team. Yes. And I counted more than 11 people. They had 13 guys doing a, a choreographed drum line celebration in the end zone and there was a flag on the ground the entire time. Yep. And they get called back. Yep. And that's a very sad you, you can't, if you, if you do a celebration for a touchdown that's scored, that is taken off via penalty. Yep. That should be a flag too. Yes. You should get another 15 yards on that. They Emptied the clip on their best celebration for a play That didn't happen. Yeah. So tough, tough day for the Browns. And I don't, I, I mean I Good, good for the Giants. They, they kind of, 'cause this was, this is week three feels like the bottoming out week.


Yeah. If you go oh and three and you do it in bad fashion, we're gonna talk about the Titans feels like it kind of bottoms out. So they, they at least recaptured a little bit of it. And it was like, Hey, this season's not fully, fully over. And Maleek Nabors is awesome. Malik Nab is really, really, he's awesome. He's right now Rookie of the Year and Giants fans also got a massive dub over any Browns fans that have ever talked shit about the Daniel Jones contract. Yep. You can be like, it's actually not the worst contract in the NFL. Yeah. It's not even close. Deshaun Watson will go down as the worst contract ever. And you know what? Fuck it. What? Fuck it. Fuck it. Oh yeah. Fuck it. I forgot their new motto. Fuck it. It's a, It's a great Motto, isn't it? I was like, wait, what were you gonna say? No, just fuck it. Fuck it. Yeah. Fuck. It is one of the most versatile things you can say.


Yeah. I Don't think you'd say it if you're a really good team, but I If you're in the giant situation Yeah. Say fuck it. Yeah. Say fuck it. Just go out there and fuck around and win a couple games. Fuck It. Who? Why not us? Fuck it. Alright. We're watching by the way, the Chiefs and Falcons game and the, the Falcons have fourth and five with four minutes left and they're definitely not gonna get it. And they didn't get it And. it wasn't even close to getting it. And now the Chiefs are gonna just run out the clock and win this game. That's how it happens. And This is it. That's how It happens. Okay, next up. Steelers Chargers. Steelers 20, Chargers 10. Holy shit. This Steelers defense is for real. Justin Fields looked awesome, goes back to coaching, which shouldn't be a surprise that the coaching for the Bears is not good.


But Justin Fields, like this was the first two weeks I think Justin Fields was okay winning football. Didn't get asked to do too much. This one, he, he threw the ball very well and had a couple running plays. And, it feels like he's kind of rounding into form to being a winning quarterback that's not like, Hey, we just gotta make sure he doesn't screw up the game. He's now contributing. 'cause that was a good team win for the Steelers. And the interception that he had was not his fault. Yeah. His receiver didn't catch it. And the charger, we should say the Chargers did lose Bosa, alt Slater and Herbert. Yeah. So Chargers are Back the Saints or the Steelers defense, excuse me. They have held the three opponents.


They played to a total of 26 points. There's 23 teams in the NFL who have held their opponents to double that or more. So 26 points, obviously leading the NFL. They also are the first team in 20 years to allow sub 300 yards on each game and 10 points or less was that They're awesome. Was that also the Steelers? That feels like a Steeler stat, doesn't It? I don't know who it was before. It probably was. Yes sir. You either the Steelers or the Ravens in The second half, the Chargers were held to minus five yards of offense. Yeah. Which is crazy. And whenever TJ Watt was allowed to rush against Alt, he ate his lunch. Yeah. In the first half. They were doing a lot of chipping. They were like double teaming. Him and TJ couldn't really get anything going.


But then Herbi started to pick it up too. This is the, and the Steelers defense is, it's just fucking crazy. The Steelers defense is basically just gonna be all the wins I get for Wisconsin Badgers this year. Yeah. Because her big's a badger as well. And they were awesome. I we love Jim Harbaugh. We love him. I don't know why they started Justin Herbert in this game. Yeah. He definitely did not look like he should be out there playing. And they play the Chiefs next week. And a high ankle sprain is a, is one of those things where it's just not gonna get better overnight. And you know what's really not gonna get better is when you have TJ Watt and Nick Herberg like jumping on top of you multiple times in a game. I just, I feel like that was maybe a mistake. I said this before so it's not hindsight is 2020.


I thought maybe just sit him out, try to win that game with Te Taylor Heineke and get, get him healthy because this is gonna linger now. Yeah. Like he's, he looks very bad moving around and I know he had that Quentin Johnson scored another touchdown. So shout out to him. He does have hands, but it just, it, it looked like he was very injured. Yeah. Harbaugh strikes me as a coach that would tell Herbert when he's like, Hey, I have a high ankle sprain. Harbaugh would be like, oh yeah, I played through that a bunch of times. Yeah. And then just stare at him. Yeah. And be like, so what are you gonna do? So your choice. And so then Herbert's like, yeah, I guess, I guess I'll, you're right, coach. I'll play. Yeah. And then this happens. And yeah, he did not look, he didn't look comfortable out there. They showed a picture of him on the sidelines and you could see his ankle swollen through his socks.


Yeah. They were like two different socks. It was bad. Yeah. It was a bad, bad second half for the Chargers. I feel, I do feel for Chargers fans though, because you were so excited about this season and now it's like everyone's hurt again. Yeah. But you're two in one. You got a big game against the Chiefs. As for the Steelers, the Steelers are, I mean, they're good. Their defense is incredible. And I I I do feel like it's Justin's Field's job now. You can't bench him for Russell Wilson. You think if Russells Wilson's a hundred percent. 'cause we know That they, you cannot bench a three and oh quarterback. They've Got a game plan for Justin that features his readiness. Yeah. And so if he's ready, I feel like you go with him. But I could see, I could see Rossi getting the nod.


No way. I could not Right now you're saying next week. I personally would not. There's no way Will it happen? I Don't know. I don't think Tomlin would do that. I think you got, you got a three and Oh quarterback Justin Fields is playing better every single week. I I You can't do that. You gotta wait until something bad happens and like he has a bad game and then maybe make a switch. But they're, they're def they have a formula. Like they have a formula that I feel like can beat 90% of the NFL. Just Don't turn the ball over. Yeah. Run the football when you need to get, like, don't go on any quick drives. Don't, don't try to showboat out here. Just get some nice like 10, 12 play drives put together. Yeah. End up with points.


And Calvin Austin is good. Yeah. Like, that was a, a revelation today. Calvin, Austin, George Pickens, friar Moth. Run the ball. They're gonna play the Colts next week. You, you think, you think that defense isn't gonna be able to, to pick off a couple? I think that's gonna be, that sounds like a 17 to nothing victory for the Steelers next week. I just, well, Anthony Richard will hit a big one. He does hit big ones. He does hit big ones. He does hit big ones. But I, yeah, you cannot, you have to keep riding Justin Fields. This is also first time Justin Fields won three, three straight games in his NFL career. Is it really? Which again, is just insult stat against Bears, which we deserve. Well, Justin Fields is, We deserve that insult stat. He's now two and Oh, against Harbaugh. Yeah. He's the Harbaugh Slayer. He is a Harbaugh Slayer. He beat him at Ohio State, right?


No. Wait, I think he did. What year did we draft Justin Fields? 20. I'm pretty sure he did. Yeah, you're right. He did 2020 is when we So he's got Harbaugh's number. Yeah, he does. He does. Okay. Next up Steelers are they're, they're, they're fun in an ugly way. No, I like 'em. I like, I like the Steelers ugly Football is fun. Yeah. And they're playing ugly football in a fun way. Yeah. And Justin Fields is also fun when he's playing. Well, ugly Football's only fun When you win. It is. But like, They're in the past, their offense has been ugly and they've been winning ugly games that are not fun. Now they're winning ugly games that are fun. Right. And I, I think when you have a defense, like they have a defense, it's fun.


And this might just also be coming from someone who never has had an offense. But when you get a really good defense, it's fun. Do you know why? Because that way when you have the ball on offense, you think maybe we'll score on this. So you got some optimism. Then when you don't score and your defense is on the field, you're like, maybe we'll have a Pick six here. Yeah. Maybe we'll have a fumble here. Yeah. This is So, it's almost like you got two offenses. Yeah. Alright. So the Kirk Cousins is trying for another heroic drive to win this game for the Falcons Prime time. Kirk 2 21 Left. We'll, we will, we will recap that game when it goes final. Next up, Packers 30, Titans 14 Fucking Malik Willis. Matt LeFlore is the coach of the year through three weeks. It's insane. He then, he just last week was like, okay, we're gonna play to Malik Willis' strengths.


We're gonna run the ball a ton this week. He's like, Hey, you wanna see another trick? Malik Willis is really good. I don't, and he was just bombing it. He threw it for 200, two yards. He rushed for 73. Coaching Matters. I don't think it's the same Malik Willis coaching. I think they, I think they changed him out with somebody. And Offensive line helps a lot too. He doesn't look like the same player at all. The Packers just know how to do it. They just, it's, it, it drives me insane. But it's also, it would drive me more insane if I didn't expect it. And I expect it. And I, I did take the Titans today 'cause I didn't expect exactly this, but there's nothing that shocks me when it comes to Packers and their quarterbacks. I mean, He was throwing great passes today. It wasn't, it wasn't all, it was a lot of scheme.


Don't get me wrong. And LaFleur, him and O'Connell. I think those are the two guys that you look at for Coach of the year so far. Yeah. But Malik Willis was just making plays. Yeah. He was just throwing seeds. He was, his running ability was so good. It, it's frustrating to watch as a guy that thought that he knew exactly who Malik Willis was. Yep. And I, I missed Joe Berry so much because Jeff Halfly seems like he can coach a defense. The Titans. They will, Levi had a good first drive and then we had a Will Levi moment where he threw that Pick six. That was tough. But the Packers are now two in one without Jordan Love. They have two wins without Jordan Love. I I, it seems like Jordan love's gonna come back any day now. Well, They made it seem like he might start this week, but I always, which about Smokescreen it was, was Smokescreen, which is, this is also what the, the Packers are smart.


They're like, Hey, we play the, the Vikings next week at which they're gonna be the team, you know, one of the teams that we're fighting for in the division. Why would we start Jordan Love in a game that we think we can win with Malik Willis? And that's what happened. They won a game, another game that they thought they could win with Malik Willis. You don't think that Will Levis is listening to this show, right? Probably not right now. He's probably turning it all off. This was the first time. Yeah, I would, I would turn it off. So, yeah. Will, I'll just say something about Will Levis, his coach said he's our quarterback after the game. Oh, no, that's bad. That's a bad sign. Who's their backup? Mason Rudolph. Oh yeah. Is it? Is it is. Mason Rudolph. Mason Rudolph. We also had the first ever guy who stole another guy's job off.


So it was, so Sean Clifford is the backup for the Packers. Yep. He stole Will Levi's job at Penn State? Will Levi decide transferred to Kentucky, then Will Levi got drafted and stole Malik Willis' job at Tennessee. And then Malik Willis went to the Packers and stole Sean Clifford's job. That's wild. Wild. That's Wild. That's a full circle of Jobs. Jobs. So full circle. So I think Ma Willis won all of it. So who's, who's creating these jobs is Malik Willis? I don't know. He's the one who won the job off. But then Jordan Love is gonna steal his job. True. And then, I don't know, we'll have to Beat Sam. Darn. Whose shot did he steal? I don't know.


I guess he stole JJ McCarthy's through Injury kind of. Yeah, that's, no, that's concerning. Kind of a cool circle though. It's a cool circle. Yeah. Congrats Emily. I am actually, I'm happy for Malik Willis. He's always seemed like a good guy. In fact, that, That seemed like a great Guy. That was part of my formula when I was originally figuring out how to bet against Malik Willis. Was that all the reports about him when he was getting this starting job in, in spot duty for Jordan Love was they'd all lead off with talking about what a good human being he was. Yeah. And that's not what you want to see. Yeah. When evaluating somebody. But I guess good for him. He's a good dude. He's playing well. I just, It's an organization win. I Just, I will never financially recover from experiencing Malik Willis in the 2024 season.


Yeah, No, it, you gotta you gotta keep going though. You gotta Keep going. But I might not have another Oh, oh buddy. If, if Brian Flores against Malik Willis. If you don't think I'm loading up on the Vikings, you got another thing coming. And it all back. It's a, It's a, what is it? Martingale strategy. Everyone's, everyone who's ever gambled has seen that you double, where you just keep doubling. You keep doubling. You'll eventually, it's like Caleb doesn't work like that. Like Caleb Williams passing Yards doesn't work like that. Well, this time it might. But this is, the organization went just like the Steelers, like we've talked about with the Steelers. Yeah. They, they're just organizations that do it Right. And know what they're doing. And they can win games like this. And that's the difference between the haves and the have nots in the NFL. And also Green Bay's got a very good running game.


Yeah. And their offensive line is good. Yeah. And, and, and their defense again, Jeff Halfly looks like he's, I I know that Joe Barry, I miss him because I know Packers fans hated him. And I liked him because they always failed. Their defense always failed him. Now Their defense. Now their defense is good. Yeah. Okay. Another one that was a little bit of a shocker, but not really because maybe the Bucs coming back down to Earth. The Broncos 26, the Buck seven Bo Nicks no interceptions. Maybe Sean Peyton found a system for him. Well, Everybody else on the team finally stepped up to Bo Nicks' playing ability. But Sean Peyton said afterwards, this guy's gonna be something he is. Which could mean anything. I think he's Already something That could mean anything.


He is something, he's a noun. He's an NFL quarterback. He's something. But yeah, this was, this was maybe we, the Bucs start was, I think they're still a good team, but a little too quick to anoint them. The best team in the NFC South. Our good friend Steven Cha scoffed at me when I said, do you think there's any chance the the Broncos can win today? He said, no, this is gonna be Bucs 20 to six. It was Broncos 26 7. He also said that Baker Mayfield's touchdown run against the Lions was a franchise altering run. Maybe it was just in the other way. In the other way. Yeah. Yeah. The Bucs look very, very bad today. Bo Nicks, he, he can run with the ball. Yeah.


He was pretty quick out there. And Sean Peyton, I think he, I think there is some truth to him knowing the division. Well, okay, so here's a fun stat that I wish I had. I I didn't bet the, I didn't bet this game, my official pick on all the shows was the Broncos. But I, I didn't bet it. I wish I had, because here's a fun stat. That bad job by us to not find it on Friday's show. Sean Payton in regular season games is now seven and oh against Todd Bowles. Coach teams, whether he was a coordinator or a head coach. Seven and oh, Sean Peyton scores 29.7 points per games and he's done it with four different quarterbacks. Drew Brees, Jamis, Winston, Tasso Hill, and Bo Nicks, he owns them in the regular season.


Now he did lose a playoff game to him, but still Sean Peyton just knows how to play against Todd Bowles and he proved it again today. I'd say he has his number. I don't think that the Broncos are a great team. I don't think that they're even really a good team. I think that this was just a matchup. And we talked about it on Friday a little bit. That Baker's getting pressured a lot. Yeah. Like even in their wins, he's getting hit quite a bit. And so the Broncos defense, they kind of did more the same and we're able to shut down the Bucs offense pretty good. Like Mike Evans stunk today. Yep. Godwin didn't really do that much today either. No. That Offense, he scored a touchdown, but Yeah. Yeah. But that, but the offense was pretty much shut down. Yeah. They got pressured a ton of times. Bakker was running for his life. Seven Sacks. What was up with Sean?


Peyton in that locker room afterwards? There was smoke. There was a lot of smoke. He was probably smoking. Yeah. Remember the time he smoked the bong Yeah. With the kids. Yeah. I Remember that. Allegedly. That was an awesome video. Sean Peyton's just four. The boys. Yeah. Listen, Sean, Peyton, you're allowed to smoke whatever you want after a win. Yeah. But also he's, did you See the locker room? It was very smoky in that locker room. Yeah. It was also very smoky on the field. Was that in Tennessee? Tennessee? They set off the fireworks in the third quarter For some reason. It was, yeah. Random smoke was happening. But yeah, I I think this was a correction week for a lot of things. And one was the NFC South being like, Hey Baker and Derek Carr are the best quarterbacks in the league. They're still very good. But everything kind of came back down to earth a little bit.


Yeah. I don't know if we brought this up on Friday's show, but when it comes to getting Baker under pressure, he had the lowest average time before pressure got to him. Wow. Across the NFL going into this week. So it probably got worse this week. Yeah. They're just hitting him. Yeah. He, we by the way, we should we, should we pause for this end of game? We have fourth and one for the Falcons. I don't know why they ran it. I guess they have their two timeouts. Andy Reid is so de demure. What is the other line of it? Max de very Cutesy. Very mindful. He's very mindful in demure Ata. Look at him. He's just, he's so cute. They had it said on the broadcast last night that, or tonight that Andy Reid loves watching Tuesday and Wednesday night max action.


And that's how he found Carson Steele. Yeah. No shit. It Was awesome. Yeah. Just like, no duh. And I, I love that I'm watching, you know, bowling Green Ball State and Andy Reed is also watching that game. Eating a cheeseburger. Just loving life. That's how it is. Alright, so yeah. Days off from football. What am I gonna do? Football. Maxin, Maxin. Alright, so fourth an inches. What's the play call here are, Are we, you said that we're gonna pause. Were you actually recording this? No, We're recording this. Oh yeah, we're pause. Yeah, we usually talk about it. Yeah. Fourth an inches. What's the play call here? My Play call is Give the fucking ball to Bijan. I'm, I'm gonna agree with that. Bootleg. Is they gonna do a touch sneak touch push?


Nope. No QB sneak. Oh, that's so Bad. And nothing over. Why did they do a stretch Play game over? That was fucking dog shit. That fucking sucked. Couldn't have done that last week. Arthur Smith vindicated Shut up. And the Chiefs are three and oh again. Three. And they didn't even cover the fucking Falcons couldn't even cover the spread. God, what happened? Damn. Who are they circling on defense here? Oh yeah. That guy just wasn't touched. Bad play call. Fuck yeah, that was, I don't know that, that's a tough, that's a tough play call.


Like I, if you're gonna do something outside, dude, just do a play action. It feels like someone would be open. You know, BJ Robinson, That's, that's a tough play to, to when you have a stack box. Fuck yeah. It's Patrick Mahomes man. Patrick Mahomes does it again. Patrick Mahomes. He did blow that lead against Illinois though. Yeah, He did. Yeah, he threw a bad interception. Okay. Yeah. Broncos look good. Yeah. Yeah. I actually think that Baker and Sean Peyton are the same guy. Just one's about 40 years older. 30 years older. Yeah. They got kind of got, kind of got a little shit to Him. They got a lot of shit to him. Yeah. But yeah, this gets, this gets Sean, you know what I predict for next week?


I don't know who the Broncos are playing, but Sean Peyton's who Play whose line is it anyway? Who are they playing? I don't know. Hank. Hank. Bring it up. Yeah. Find it out. Hank what would you give this On the Hank meter? They play the Jets. The Jets. Okay. Well the Broncos play The Jets And it Where? At? Jets. Oh, that reminds me of that Thursday night game. Oh, that means is looking cocky. The Blake Bortles Bowl. I think it's Jets. Seven Jet. Seven Jets. Yeah. I like that. I'll go with you on that. Jets eight. Ooh. Okay. Well my prediction was gonna be that Sean Peyton feels himself a little bit this week. Sean Peyton off a off a win a game.


No one expect him to, to win. He's feeling good. He's gonna be feeling himself this week. He's Ready to go. Yeah, But I, I'm not saying that it's gonna mean that they're gonna beat the Jets. I'm saying it might actually be a bad thing. Yeah, he's feeling himself too much. He's He's doing a lot of feeling. Yeah. Okay. Hey, Which shirt is that? Billy Strings. Oh, nice. Oh, you like Billy Strings? You never talk about him? I mean, I don't talk about him. You guys bring him up. Is this shirt Hank? This is NFL. That's the NFL. Oh, you like Football? Love football. Yeah, we do do a Whole podcast about It. Love football. Well, I don't always love football. You do a podcast about Billy Strings? Pretty much. Do I? Yeah. Alright, let's take a break before we talk about afternoon games.


Football season is here. We can't wait to get out to some games this fall with help. But Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now? With their brand new Gametime Picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime Picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats, so you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We're looking at tickets for the Bengals and Commanders on Monday night, about 150 to get in the door with the GT picks. So go check it out now. If you want to go be in the same building as PFT, just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? We're gonna buy those seats. Go to Bengals versus Commanders on Monday night. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. Coors Light College football is never short on intrigue, especially when they're iconic rivals. But you can add to the excitement on Saturdays. Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for the free to play college football pick and pools where you pick winners for a chance to win big. When the rivalries heat up, it's time to choose chill and then reach for a nice cold Coors Light when you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue. When your beer is cold, Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Coors Light is cold. Laggered cold filtered cold package. When the college football rivalries you're watching Heat Up, choose Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 plus eligibility restrictions. Apply void, wear prohibited. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors light. Pick them. Celebrate Responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado Coors Light is the best beer in the world. Great for tailgating. Great. If you're going to a game college football, Coors Light 21 plus eligibility restrictions apply. Coors Brew Company. Golden Colorado.


Okay, Panthers 36 Raiders 22. Let's Go. Panthers. Andy. Dalton. Now what I'm about to say is going to feel like a lot of hate towards Bryce Young. I do not hate Bryce Young. I'm just gonna say some stats and you can decide whether Andy Dalton should have been the starter to begin the season or not. Andy Dalton threw more TDS in the first half than Bryce Young did in the last 10 games. Yep. Two. He also is the only QB with 300 yards and three tds this season so far. The Panthers also broke their streak of 20 straight games without a fourth quarter lead.


They were kicking the shit out of the Raiders and they were leading in the fourth quarter. Also, fun fact, Andy Dalton with his three touchdowns today went up to 25th all time in touchdown passes by a quarterback surpassing Who's the, who was the 25th. Yes. It's pretty much impossible trivia Question. Jake Plummer. Tony Romo. Okay. So See ya, Tony. That's Good. I like that. Yeah, that's A good answer. Yeah, it feels good and Young. Yeah. I was thinking myself why there Was any other name I wouldn't have brought Up why the Big Cat asked me about the 25th because, because it's Tony. I like that a lot. Yeah. Annie Dolton looked really good out there. If, and we kind of predicted this, we said that if you're the Panthers, the fact that you have not Bryce Young playing quarterback is gonna make everybody on the Panthers play a little bit harder.


Yep. Including Javian Clowny who is on the Panthers. Is he really? Yes. He had a couple sacks Respected Javian, cloudy, the king of the one year deal. Yes. He just keeps bouncing. He's seeing the country, he's getting to know different cities. He was all Over the Place checking out different scenes. He's basically a hobo that goes around playing for shitty football teams. It Would be great if we had, like, it came out that Jian Cloudy was doing like a catch me if you can type of scheme. He's trying To, that's why he just keeps traveling from city to city. He's got like six families. Yeah. Good for him. But Andy Dalton looked awesome today. The Panthers looked, they looked like a competent football team like this. This was an as Exceedingly Competent, this was an ass kicking that they handed the race. Yeah. So shout out to Andy and he looks good too. Yeah, he Does.


Andy 37 years old. Is he really playing the Bengals next week? He's The 25th leader in a touchdown passes. Yeah. In the NFL. Yeah. That's pretty crazy. Yeah. So we get an Andy Dalton revenge game against the Bengals next week, which Has happened a couple times. He's two in one, I think, against the Bengals. Okay. All time. So, but yeah, th this was thi the Panthers. If you're the GM who, I don't know who the GM is, it's probably just David Teper, Mrs. Teer. Mrs. Teper. But she gets overruled by the owner. Sometimes You've got to trade Bryce Young right this second because what could happen is David Teper could be like, Hey, maybe this team isn't so bad, Bryce Young, get back in there. Don't do that. Play with Andy, Dalton Trade, Bryce Young for anything you can right now.


And just go forward and be like, we made a mistake. We are gonna draft a quarterback next year. Maybe. Maybe Bryce Young just needs to watch Andy and then he'll get good. This Was bad for Bryce Young. The fact that Andy Dalton looked this competent, 300 yards, three tds and Deontay Johnson like finally was unlocked. He had a a hundred twenty two nine catches and a touchdown. I just want a Xavier Legette game so we can hear him in a post game. Just like talking that awesome accent that he has. Yeah. We need that. That's really the worst thing that Bryce Young has done is taken Xavier Legette away from us. Yes. And not getting him anymore any more screen time. But yeah, Bryce Young, I don't know what his trade value is right now, but I do know that it's probably not gonna get any higher than it is right now.


He got back in like, do you think, could you see a world where, 'cause if he comes back in and he plays well for the Panthers, then they won't trade him. Right. And I don't, I don't think that's even a, It's not a, not really a possibility unless Him playing Well, no, just playing. Well true. Yeah. But there's no way, I guess his trade value right now is gonna be at its highest because after more time people will forget about his college tape. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I agree. They gotta trade him. But if you're the Panthers, this is a weird space that you're in where if you win a few games here and there with Andy Dalton, does that really help your future? Not really. But you also can't play Bryce Young because if you play Bryce Young, then your entire coaching staff is gonna be just looked down upon by all the players know.


Right. They'll lose the locker room. The, I mean that the, I bet on the Panthers today because it was like, this entire team knows that Annie Dalton's a better quarterback and they're all gonna play a little bit harder knowing that they have a chance to actually win this game. And they were dominant from the beginning. I, yeah, I don't know what you do. I, I understand not winning right now, but it's so early to be like Tank. Yeah. You can't tank in week three. Right. You can tank in week 15. Tanking in week three is just, you're poisoning everything about your entire organization, which is already pretty poisoned. But Any, anything could happen if you're the Panthers. Like you could, you could in theory make the playoffs, they'll Probably beat the Bears now.


I don't know. Andy Dalton, Andy don't change revenge Game. He changes the equation. He does. He's a, he's a, he's an equation changer for the Raiders. This was pretty, pretty bad. And Antonio Pierce said afterwards that some guys made business decisions today. So I'm gonna imagine there's gonna be a lot of running Yeah. In Raiders practices coming up. It's Like, imagine every Disney movie that you've ever watched about a football team, what the coach does after loss. That's what Antonio Pierce is gonna do. Yes. Yes. There's probably a hill, if there's a hill anywhere in Las Vegas, you're gonna have to like climb up to the top. You're gonna do steps up to the top of the sphere and back. Yeah. Pretty much. So it, that was, yeah. I don't know what you can say about that game other than that was a really bad game for the Raiders.


And you like off of a big win against the Ravens and then you come and drop that egg. Yeah. In Mark Davis' house, There was some definitely individuals that made business decisions and will make business decisions going forward as well. That's a scary, scary quote. If you're someone who on the Raiders and you weren't giving Max effort, I'll tell you what, if you are a, a player in the NFL and you hear your coach starting to like lightly delve into cop talk using the word individuals about you, that's a bad sign. Yeah. Yeah. He's talking about you like you're a perp. I'd agree. Yeah, I'd agree. So, yeah. I don't, I The Raiders, that was, that was awful.


That was, that was really, really Bad. At least Alexander Madison keeps scoring touchdowns. He does. That's cool. He does. And the Panthers, who knows, who knows where Andy Dalton can take 'em. Probably a loss of the Bengals next week. But that doesn't, you, you can't say no, You can't say no to Andy Dalton. You can't say no. They, the, their schedule is not hard because they're, they were the worst team last year. So, I mean, with Andy Dalton it all starts to look a little bit different. It didn't look great for for Thelan though. No, that looked like a pretty bad hamstring. That was an awesome catch. Awesome throw. Yep. But Yeah, shout out to Panthers. If you're a Panthers fan, you get at least one happy. That wasn't the worst torturous thing I ever watched. I think someone actually, I think it might've been Ian Clowny was like, take those bags off your head.


We're coming back home. Yeah. To a parade. Yeah. Throw a parade. Why not? You won a game. So you talked about Antonio Pierce making his team run. He remember he did that to his high school team Yeah. Than he coached. Yeah. Yeah. They were up what, 63 to nine at halftime? Yeah. And they had to run sprints and he thought They should have been up more. Yeah. Yeah. So tough, tough one for the Raiders and you're Yeah, I, I would not want to be in the Raiders facility when Antonio Pierce walks in the door on Monday morning. Nope. Alright. Rams 27. 49 ERs 24. The kitchen sink game. Yeah. I knew it. Sean McVey And the Rams did it. They did. They had the, the fake punt. They were running all sorts of weird trick plays. Was It, I told you, was it Kyron Williams or was it somebody else that threw that pass?


'cause they threw a hell of a pass. Kyron Tutu Atwell. Yeah. Tutu Atwell threw a hell of a pass. Yeah. They, they, the ra I don't know. I just, I I felt it going in the Rams kitchen sink. Like Sean ve is such a good head coach. They are down so many guys, they're gonna find a way. And I know it was, it looked bad for a little bit there, but they end up saving the start of their season with a huge win. And Sean McVay's, this is why coaches, like coaches win games too. And that was a coaching masterpiece by Shawn McVey. Yeah. And you can't waste the Juwan Jennings game if you're the 49 ERs. Yeah. Because you had, you had, he was so good all your guys out. Auk doesn't, auk looks like he could use about three and a half, four weeks of football Practice.


Turns out missing all training camp does not help. Yeah. When playing Football. And so you're missing Christian McCaffrey Deebo and you're missing Kittle. Kittle not a great formula for the 49 ERs. But then you look at who the Rams are missing and they're missing everyone, everyone. Every single person. And this, you could tell that McVeigh was pumped to win this game. Oh yeah. Because it was, he was so excited. This is a line in the sand. Like this is our season. If we start Oing three, it's completely over. We got embarrassed last week against the Cardinals. That's Gimme Sean McVay all day in that. Now I don't know what's going on with the vi with the 49 ERs. You could just say, Hey, they're very injured. But those are two games. Like I know they, the Vikings game, they shouldn't have won, but this game they should have won.


They were up 10, you know, in the fourth quarter And. it was just big play after big play that the, the Rams were able to make and the Vik and the 49 ERs weren't. And now they're one and two, which is kind of shocking. Yeah. No Puka, no Cooper Cup. Yeah. I have a fun staff for you. This is more to our, I've, I've said it for many years. I think people are starting to come along with it. Matthew Stafford, hall of Famer, Matthew Stafford has 99 total wins in his career as a quarterback. How many of those wins? Did he need a game winning drive to win? It's gonna be a lot of 'em. I think.


I'm gonna say 60. No, not 60, but 45. So almost half of his Still a lot Games. Yeah. Almost half of Matthew Stafford's wins have needed Matthew Stafford to have a game winning drive. Yeah. I mean He, he's six all time in game-winning drives and fourth quarter comebacks. He's the active leader in both right now. Yeah. In the NFL. He's got 45 game-winning drives, 36 comebacks. It's crazy. But Also you, you could say that he's just been really shitty in the first two Quarters that you could, or he played on shitty teams and he had to carry them. Yeah. So he's, I mean, Matthew Stafford's a, an absolute baller when it comes down to late game situations. You need a big play. I got a question for you. Big. Cat. Yeah. You're a 49 ERs fan panic button.


Where is it? Where is it in your house? Is it on your desk? I'm gonna look, I'm gonna look at their schedule. No, they play the Patriots next week. Okay. Yep. So they're good. They're good. That's a get Right. But yeah, I always like to do this like imagine yourself as a fan of another team and what you would've felt about that team at the start of the year looking at the schedule. Well you probably had the Vikings as a w you probably had this game against the Rams as a W because You might have, you might have had that as a, but you Beat mcfe. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Historically. Yeah. No, this is definitely not a good start for them. We set it, I can't remember who before the season with Prisco maybe, but they were the number one like vibes might be off team because of all the holdouts, because of the fact that they've been right there every single year and they've fallen short and eventually the air has to come out of the balloon and Yeah.


That's a bad start. Yeah. The vibes aren't good. I, but a lot of it is also because you're missing Christian McCaffrey. Yeah, That's A pretty big part of it, I would Say. Yeah. Jordan Mason, fine player, not Christian McCaffrey. Yeah. Everyone thought maybe he could be Christian McCaffrey. He's not Christian McCaffrey. And then is it too soon to have the Brock Purdy contract discussion? Oh, is this actually, is this actually a good start for the Niners for Yeah. Yeah. Because now they could maybe get him for cheaper. What doesn't matter. 'cause if you have a, I thought he played well Today without a lot of weapons. No, I know, but I'm just saying like, if they missed the playoffs somehow he did play well, No. 'cause here's how it, here's how it works in the NFL. If he like, it doesn't help Their case whether he plays well without the stars playing. True. Yeah. If you have a quarterback and you plan on that guy being your quarterback and not making a change, then you have to make that quarterback the highest paid quarterback in the league.


Yeah. That's how it works. Yeah. So like, if you have an average guy that you don't plan on moving on from, boom, now he's super rich. That's a fact that that's how it works. That's, that's, that's how business is Done. Because guess what? You gotta pay him. Gotta Pay him. He's gotta get $1 more than Dak. Yeah. You think, I don't think Brock Freddy would do that. I don't think he'd play the dollar game. No, I don't think so either. But ah, But also taxes in California, No one's NFL career is guaranteed. Yeah. So you want to get that money. Yeah. We can't do that to Brock Purdy. We can't be like Brock Purdy. He's such a nice guy. He should get $10. He's a Farm boy. That's what I would do. Farm. He really only needs a couple million. I I request $2 more than Dak Prescott.


Yeah. Or just a huge farm. Yeah. Buy some land. Yeah. But the, the I Rams Sean McVay kitchen sink game. He's, that's, that's the type of dude he is. He was very pumped up. You saw how animated he was Yeah. In the locker room after the game too. Yeah. Okay. Lions 20. The beard's looking good, by the way, for McVay. Yes. Those PRP injections. Yeah. Nice job, Sean. It's Not natural, but it doesn't matter. Lions 20, Cardinals 13. We had the pitch play. Ben Johnson in his bag was awesome. Perfect. Yeah. It needs to be done more often. Yeah. I think we told Dan Campbell to do that. Yeah. So the Lions, this is a weird game because the Lions dominated the first half. Jerry Goff was, I think he had a perfect passer rating in the first half.


Looked like they were gonna score a million points. They kind of stalled out in the second half. Well wait, wait, at the end of the first half. Yeah. There was a big play that happened. So there was, I believe it, it was either a, a Pick six, I think it was a Pick six that Jared Goff threw. Yes. That got called back. Yeah. Two minute warning Because it was the two minute warning. And according to many screenshots that I've seen, I have not gone back and watched the full videos. But screenshots from the opposing fan base are good enough for me in a court of law. And Cardinals fans have the clock at Two minutes. And one second when the ball was snapped. Oof. And the refs blow it dead. That could have been a big play right there. That could Have been a huge play. Yes. That was a huge play. But yeah, the, the Lions looked incredible in the first half.


Then they, their offense kind of stalled out, but their defense was playing great. Kyler Murray. It felt like the Cardinals, the, the entire second half, the first half, I think we all sat down and were like, this is gonna rock these two offenses look like they're humming. It's perfect. It's gonna be so much fun to watch. And then the off the second half was essentially Lions, get a couple first downs, punt Cardinals, get the ball, take three deep shots. Punt. Yeah. And Then they just did that the whole second half. Yeah. And, it was, it was also Jack Fox legacy game for the Lions. Did He go off? Jack Fox went off a WL punter for the, for the Lions. He had five punts.


Four inside the 20 and a long of 68 on the other big game, by the pun, beast Punt to win sometimes Beast. Yeah. The, the Cardinals offense essentially was deep shots that didn't work. 'cause last week they were, Kyler was five for five on them this week. He was one for seven. And you could tell like they doubled Marvin Harrison after he scored his touchdown. Lions Def I feel like this was more Lions defense. And the Lions also got back to basics of just pounding the rock. Because Montgomery and Gibbs both had over 80 yards. I'd say best running back tandem in the NFL. Who would be up there? I don't know who else. Braylin Allen, Brie Hall. I saw memes to look up at me. Yeah, They're pretty good. They're pretty good.


What about Izzy three headed Monster? I'm, I'm sure he'll be cut soon. Oh will he? Yeah. I don't think there's, yeah, I mean, I, I don't, I think it's pretty clear. Yeah. And also the Lions. Yeah. They might not be scoring like crazy amounts of points. Like they, they have in the past. Their defense is one of the best in the entire Yeah. Their, their offenses looked clunky. Yeah. It's looked good at times. And then at other times just stalls out, which I think they'll fix. But this was more, they got back to their basics of running the ball. And I thought they were gonna do that in this game. And it's gotta feel good to get back on track after that weird game against the box. I think they're also missing Josh Reynolds. Yes. I said it before the season. I was like, he's the one piece that he, he was a big piece of their offense that you now are expecting Jameson Williams to, to step up.


And he's a different receiver than Josh Reynolds. But that Josh Reynolds was an unheralded guy. He was like the 14 yard guy Was very important. Yeah. Mr 14 yards. Yeah. And Laporta got banged up, which didn't help. Yeah. But yeah, Lions Lions look good. Speaking of which, so next game, the Lions, so the Seahawks 24, Dolphins three. I didn't have a lot on this game because it was pretty much over the minute. The DK scored that long touchdown. And I am getting very close to buying in on the Seahawks. I am very excited for Monday football next week when the Seahawks play the Lions because that will be the test because I was thinking about it. Me, Mike McDonald seems to be a very good head coach in three games. He was obviously great with the Ravens last year.


The Seahawks offense has moments where it looks awesome. Has also had moments where, you know, got safety a billion times against the Broncos, was in a like, rock fight with the, the Patriots into overtime. So it's there, it's just gotta be ironed out. Their defense I think is for real, I need to see it against the Lions because they easily beat Skylar Thompson. They beat Jacoby Brit and they beat Bo Nixon in his first start. So also, Tim Boyle. Tim Boyle. Tim Boyle. So I wanna see it. But I'm, I'm dangerously close to believing in the Seahawks. I Think that they're a very well coached team. Yeah. You can just tell sometimes. But They Do the small stuff against bad teams. Skylar Thompson, Jacob Brit and Bo Nick, which It gets bad teams.


You play Who you would play. Yep. But they seem to be, they seem to be run in a competent manner. I'm, I'm very close to buying in on 'em. I Haven't seen anything that McDonald's done that has made me go, what the fuck is this? What's this guy doing? Yeah. He seems to be in control at all times on the sidelines. Yeah. And he is made adjustments. Even that first half against the Broncos Week one, they came out and there were lights out in the second half. I, but yeah, I'm, I'm I I'm gonna say the Seahawks Lions game is gonna be the winner of that game. I'm gonna be like, okay. They're, they're ready for a deep, deep Run. Yeah. Now, if you're the Dolphins, how quickly do you make a call about Russ? Mm. We got Tyler Huntley, Tana Hill. He's Out there. Well, Tyler Huntley's already signed. Yeah. But Tana Hill's out there.


Tana Hill's out there. I don't think you can bring back Tana Hill. He knows how to get to the stadium. Yeah. The Dolphins are gonna end up being the bummer team of the year. Yeah. Because I don't even know what I mean, if we did the Colin Coward analogy, you, you have a Lamborghini and a 5-year-old is driving it. Yeah. With, with no offense to our guy Skylar Thompson. But yeah, you d Skylar Thompson is not ready for that type of horsepower. He's a, he's a power wheels kind of guy. Yeah. He's got the Lamborghini, but it's a power Wheels. He's not ready for that type of horsepower. Tim Boyle was actually, he came in in relief and wasn't that bad. I like Tim Boyle. Yeah, I do.


I think Tim Boyle might be the best third string quarterback in the NFL. He's Been on like eight teams in the last three years. I like any guy who can somehow stick around eight teams in three years. Yeah. It is a skill set. Like, actually gotta look it Up. Being a, a second string quarterback is, that's its own skillset compared to being a starter, being like a career backup. But if you're Tim Boyle who has been the backup, backup on so many different teams, that just means you're probably a cool guy. Yeah. Alright. So I was wrong a little bit. He's been on six different teams. He went Packers, Lions, Bears Jets. Texans Dolphins. Yeah. I like Tim Boyle. He's, he finds a way to, to stick around. He's finding a way to stick around.


I also Feel like Tim Boyle, he matches the skillset of a lot of backup quarterbacks pretty well. He's so like going from second string to third string with Tim Boyer, you're not having to change your offense around. Yeah. He's also just, yeah. He's the prototypical backup quarterback. Yeah. In demeanor. Look, everything Tim Boyle. Tim Boyle, he's, He's almost like a AI version of a backup Quarterback. But, but you're right. The the Dolphins bummed me out. Big time. Big time. Big time Right now I don't, because, you know, you know that they could be fun. They could be so much fun. And this could have been a fun game. And it's just, you know, maybe this is a, a credit to Tua if the Dolphins keep going for, I I, we set it on Friday the minute the, the, the Dolphins coach and then some of the players saying Tim or Skylar Thompson's a different guy this time around.


You knew it wasn't true. Yeah. He said he's a different man. He's run our plays in a walkthrough setting, probably more than anybody on our team. It's just not true. But also, if you have to say he's a different guy this time around. No, it's, chances are he is probably, it's almost like a guy trying to get like a second chance after cheating on a significant other. Like I'm a different man. Different. No, you aren't different. Probably not. I'll write a book about it. Yeah. Trust Me. Probably not. But no, that was actually a quote from, from McDaniel. He said that he's run our plays in a walkthrough setting, probably more than anybody on our team. Yeah. But correct me if I'm wrong, the Dolphins have a lot of speed that doesn't really translate at all to a walkthrough. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. That again, that's, that's having a Lambo and he basically, yeah, he had a Lambo and he just was, he was driving it in like a 15 mile an hour school Zone.


So I had the under in this game. So I went one in one. What are the standings for everybody else? What, what are Oh, I think I had a bad week. I think I had a bad week. I was one in one. I got a bad week. Panthers. I lost the Rams and I got the under night in Washington Cincinnati. 47. Okay. I think I had a bad week. Big. Cat over and Atlanta. Plus three and a half Atlanta plus three and a half L Get ready to learn Bachelor party. No, you were in first though. No, I wasn't. I was in second tied with everyone. It's early. It's early. Bad week Though. Turns out a lot of our fans are getting married. Yeah. Yeah. I was Shocked, man.


Card. Yeah. It's gonna be fun for whoever we loses, but not really The picking. I don't know how we're going, like how it's gonna happen. Yeah. It's gonna be quite, I'm never, I'm never, I mean, I'm not looking like keep People. We've gotten thousands. People Keep sending everything. Tens of thousands maybe no One's looking until months from now. Yeah. Months. Months. So So, So stop sending. Yeah. You're not gonna, you're it's not even gonna get eyes on it right now. No. It's gonna, it's gonna be like a holy Shit. This is coming. And me and my 14 buddies are going to X place for a bachelor party. Like no one that's, it's not, no one's gonna look at it. Yeah. We'll, we'll, we'll have to make, we'll have to do like almost a dating show to figure out who we're compatible with.


Gotta find the chillest, bro. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna be the least chill bros. We, the, the winners should get to pick. I agree with that. Oh man. I agree with that Man. I agree with that. It's a good take. That's, did You, what was your record this week? I'm 1 0 1 right now. Okay. Just making sure. I thought you were First place gets to choose. First place gets to choose. Okay, that's fine. That's gonna be fucked up. If someone fucks someone, How could you fuck someone? I don't know. What wouldn't you want to hear? Depends on where the, the bachelor party is. Has to be in the us.


Has to be in the us. Has to be in the us. It has To Be in the us. I like that. So Hawaii Can't Yeah, can't have someone. So Hawaii. Hawaii in play. Anchorage, Alaska. Yeah. I'm not going to any Guam these places. Gu who does their bachelor party? Hawaii. That'd be crazy. It'd be fine. Hawaiians. It's Crazy expensive. Maui. Maui Invitational. Maui Invitational. Yeah. That'd be a sick bachelor party. That would be, I've said I've You've said that before. I've Said that before. Interesting. Interesting. Okay. Last game. Ravens. Cowboys. Ravens 28, Cowboys 25. Do the Cowboys stink? They might, I think their defense stinks.


I So Cowboys last three home games, they've given up 143 yards rushing. 190 yards rushing. 274 yards rushing today. That's going back to the Packers loss in the playoffs. They have given up in their last three home games in 11. First half possessions. 10 touchdowns. Yeah. They obviously one of those was against the, the Packers in the playoffs and the Packers just kind of do that to the Cowboys in the playoffs all the time. But the games against the Saints and the Ravens, the defense Mike Zimmer has looked like he's lost on the sidelines, which somehow he's also still, he's only coached really indoors and he's always sunburned.


Yeah. I don't know what's going on with that. But the Ravens just had their way with him in the first half. Ran all over 'em. All over 'em. And then in the second half, the Ravens did what the Ravens kind of sometimes do, which is give up leads. Yeah. They get hit by a blue shell in Mario Kart. Yeah. And And, it almost happened. It felt like it was gonna happen for a little bit today. It did. It did. I mean, the Ravens good for them for winning. They needed to win bad. They could not start oh three so Bad. Yeah. And they came out like a team that needed to win. The Cowboys came out like a team that they think they're just really good and they're not on defense anymore. I can't believe we didn't bring the stat up. Bad job by us. Lamar Jackson now 21 and one against the NFC. Oh wow. Yeah.


He kills them. He kills the NFC. Yeah. Absolutely Kills them. Hard to game plan for him. We also had a passing of the torch in this game. We've talked about it, but Justin Tucker missing a 46 yarder and Brandon Aubrey making a 65 yarder. I think it's official washed. Yeah. Brandon Aubrey's, the, the, the new goat. His 65 yarder. It was so casual too. So casual. It would've been good from 66 Easily. Yeah. But I, he's got a, he's got a fucking Howitzer on his leg. Do we think, Jerry, what, what do we think the vibe is with Jerry? Is he freaking out? Is he looking up penis length for any players that are coming around next year? That video did come, that video did drop. I don't know when it was taken, but it was him and Jamie Fox and he was just talking about his players' penis sizes.


Well, the most shocking part to me about that video. I think he was talking about Deuce Vaughn, who's their running back. Yeah. Because he, he said he's five eight and a half with an eight and a half inch long dick. Which that's weird for a lot of reasons. A lot of reasons for your team owner to say that. I think it's also weird because like eight and a half inches, that's a great dick. Yeah. That's outstanding dip but Incredible dick. But one of the best dicks. But if, if you're Jerry Jones, I wouldn't imagine that eight and a half is like blowing your mind if you've been in locker rooms your entire life. Is that noteworthy? It probably looks bigger on, yeah, No, that's totally a damn in relation. Dick over here. No, I'm saying What do you, eight and a half, eight and a half inch Dicks a big Dick. I I'm not saying like, if I were hanging out with you guys that, oh, you guys see this guy's cock, it's eight and a half inches.


No. Like I would, I would reserve that for like, what is this dude's got a foot long cock. You've lost me a little. Yeah. I'm saying bringing up eight and a half inches. You seen a foot long cock? No, I'm not, I'm not saying that. I'm saying for as many dicks as Jerry Jones' seen in these locker rooms. 'cause apparently he takes notice of these things for him to like stand, stand up and say to Jamie Foxx like, this guy's dick is eight and a half inches long. That I I would, that's a notable size dick. I think that's notable no matter what. It's a, it's a outstanding penis. I think that's notable no matter what. But If you, I don't think there's a lot, I don't think if You're bragging about, I don't Think they make him much bigger than that. You're bragging. You're bragging about an Eight and a half inch Dick. Well, okay. Do you think he, what do you think that he's seen it like full, full mast or now if it's eight and a half inches Probably that's, That's Noteworthy.


Probably not. That's noteworthy. Well, I would imagine that's how he's seen it. And I do think that no matter what, eight and a half inches is very big. Oh, I'm not saying it's not. But you're saying Jerry Jones shouldn't be impressed by it. No, I'm saying Jerry Jones. Like, it's weird that he brought that up to just Jamie Fox. That is weird. Well, yeah, of course. That's, that's the whole point of the video is it's Weird. Yeah. It's it's very weird. Right. That's the video is like Jerry Jones is a weirdo. Yes. He's very, we agree on that. I don't know where we, I don't know where we got lost. Okay. Where we got lost is that, I'm thinking that Jerry Jones is, Has seen bigger, Has seen way bigger. And so for him to just drop That again, I think eight and a half, that's a, that's big no matter what It I agree with you.


I feel like you're not impressed by eight and half. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like you must have taken a lot bigger hog Reveal. I'm impressed for Yeah. Hog five foot eight and a half inches. How much do you think I could get for a hog reveal? Probably like 40, 50 Bucs. Way more. Yeah. Way, way, way, way more good for the Ravens. Should we talk The Chiefs won another game. I can't believe they called that stretch play. Yeah, that was, that was a boneheaded play. That Sucked. That sucks. I mean, the Falcons, the Falcons felt like a team of destiny going into this game. Yes. On Arthur Blank Knight. Nonetheless. And They could have won that game so easily.


But the Chiefs just do it. They just find ways to do it and they just win games like this. And the Falcons had two chances. 'cause they had, they had the, they got stopped at the goal line too. God damn. That's a bummer. Falcons could have been very fun. Yeah. We saw, we saw Carson Steel. Crocky J make his return. Yep. Crocky J had the, the rubber band around his mouth. And, it looked like he was doing an Andy Reed impression. Yeah. I thought it was, you remember like baby Andy Reed? Yes. I thought this was just like reptile Andy Reed that they were showing Croy j Croy J who's an alligator by the way. Yep. Come to Crocodile. Yep. The Chiefs. They just seem like they, if you, if you have a close game against him. They're gonna win every time, every time, every Single time we said it, I said it at halftime, I was like, this is going to, this is a game that Chiefs are gonna end up winning, even though the Falcons have looked a little bit better.


And it's not even the worst part about the Chiefs and Chiefs. I, I've, I've been saying for a while now, Chiefs fans need to just embrace the fact that they are like the death star and they can't do the what we had a bunch of bad years and all that stuff. You guys just embrace it. It feels like Chiefs haven't even played a, like an A plus game. They haven't. And that's, that's the most disappointing part, is that like, they have not played an a plus game in their three and l And they, they were playing these types of games last year and they were losing those. Yeah. And now they, and everyone's Like, oh, what's wrong with the Chiefs? Yeah. They w the, the Chiefs won a Super Bowl without an A plus team. Yeah. And now they have what seems like closer to an A plus team and they're like, well, we'll just do like B minus games for a while.


Yeah. Their defense is very good. But yeah, Chiefs three and, oh, I don't, Falcons are fun. I should say that Falcons have, have, have escaped whatever it was we watched the last five years and they're officially back to being a fun team. I Think the Falcons will be just fine. Yeah. They have a big, they they, they do the NFC South gauntlet coming up next three weeks. Saints, Bucs and Panthers. Yeah. I don't think that Kirk didn't look bad tonight. He had a couple real, real bad throws. But overall, I think that Kirk is good enough for you to be very optimistic about yourself if you're the Falcons. That one ending of the half was kind of what screwed them a little bit too, because they had Bijon kick the ball outta bounds.


Yeah. Which I love whenever they do the illegal touching And then Kirk fumbled the snap and then the Chiefs were able to get a field goal. And that's how, that's how the Chiefs win those types of games where if you make one single mistake, like, okay, we'll just go get points out of this. When Kirk like batted the ball forward off the snap. Does that count as a pass or is that a running play? They said it counted as a pass. Okay. It's a dime. Yeah. Okay. PFT, why don't you do a couple ads and then we will talk some Monday night and who's back of the week


Before we get back to the rest of Pardon. My Take, it's brought to you by Supercuts. This episode is sponsored by Supercuts. Supercuts knows that it's not super convenient to hear this ad, but what is convenient is getting a haircut at Supercuts. You can check in for a time you want at Supercuts dot com or you can just walk in to any of the 2000 Supercuts locations. What makes Supercuts super well, it's got 10,000 stylists who just do their job. They use Supercuts own technique for cutting hair perfected over decades. And they do it nearly 25 million times a year. That's a lot of reps And. it shows Supercuts has an incredible average of 4.8 out of five stars on Google. Find a salon near you at Supercuts dot com. Supercuts Real smart hair.


This episode's also brought to you by Mugsy Jeans. We're teaming up with Mugsy for an epic giveaway. What's the prize? Well, it is a two night all inclusive weekend getaway for two to the Bass Pro Shop Pyramid Hotel in Memphis, Tennessee. Mugsy created two exclusive pairs of the mega jeans. The mega jeans are so sick. They're the widest legs I've ever seen. They have one for me, me. They have another one for one lucky customer. How do you enter? Will you place an order@muggsy.com for any pair of jeans and you use the code mega at checkout? You're gonna get $10 off your order of jeans and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to win the week. Can getaway for two to the Bass Pro Shop Pyramid Hotel in Tennessee. And you get the one of a kind mega genes as well. You get those. And if you are the lucky winner of the Mega Genes, you get the we can getaway for two. How do you win? Well, one lucky order will randomly receive those mega genes with their order. If you get the mega genes, boom, you win the sweepstakes, you win the trip, plus you get 10 Bucs off if you're gonna order a pair of jeans. Mugsy are the most comfortable jeans in the world. They're the only pair of jeans that I own. I own I think six or seven pairs of Mugsy Jeans. I don't own any other pairs. It's all Mugsy now. They feel like sweatpants. They're the best jeans in the world. If you're gonna get 'em, you're gonna get $10 off when you use promo code Mega at checkout. Plus you get entered to win that trip for two. And you also win the Mega Genes. If you get the Mega Gene, you get the sweepstakes in the trip this weekend only. Don't miss out on your chance to win. Reminder. It's your last chance to place an order@muggsy.com. Use code mega at checkout to enter the giveaway. I might rock the mega jeans in the house, in the barn in Sensei. I need all the clutch I can come up with tomorrow for the, for the Monday night football game. So get a pair of jeans from Mugsy 10 Bucs off and be entered to win the best weekend trip ever to the best pro pro shop Pyramid Hotel. It's actually a really, really sweet hotel. Check it out. muggsy.com.


Okay. Monday Night Football. PFT. Yep. Would you like to give your thoughts? You're going to the game. I'm gonna be in the barn. Yep. Yes. I've been promised numerous, numerous skyline chilies. I've been requested to go to Mass. Have you heard of Bengals Mass? Oh yes, I've seen the videos. It's pretty awesome. Is it cool? Is it just church? Am I gonna church? Yeah, a guy comes, they have a big speaker. It's in the tailgate lot. It's pretty Cool. Okay. So yeah, we'll see what happens there. But my diagnosis is that the Bengals are a dangerous team right now. Mm. They're dangerous, They're wounded. They, they need a win. They're a Wounded animal. They Need a win. And in years past, I'm not saying this with Jaden, but in years past in the pre Jayden era, this is a game that the commanders would lose by 35 points.


Yeah. And. it would be like the most embarrassing night of the year for me. But the good news is there's two Monday night football games going on at the same time. So it won't be like the nation's eyes upon me if it's very embarrassing. But again, this is all pre Jayden now. Jayden and Dan Quinn, everything's different. We recalibrated. So I don't know. I don't know what's gonna happen, but the Bengals can't start. Oh and three, I agree with you there. I think you got a bad draw going up against the Bengals team that desperately needs a win. I wish they'd beaten the Chiefs Last week. I know. It feels like they got, they got their mojo back a little bit last week. Yeah, I think T Higgins is gonna play. That's what I heard.


So they're gonna have their full arsenal. Well, we got a really good secondary Big Cat. Yeah. Also a really good defensive coordinator. Going up against a rookie quarterback feels like a tough task, but hey, that's why they play the games. I do think we'll be able to run the ball. Okay. So, but ideally, if you wanna run the ball, you can't be getting your teeth kicked in at that point. Yeah. As for the other game, I, everything tells me the bills should win this game. And then I just am like, Hey, it's the 2024 NFL season And. it feels like every single time we've gotten to a spot where there's a team between four and seven point underdog leaders went outright. Is it some big scheme about the NFL to make all the bills Florida games played at night?


I don't know, maybe Taking the sun outta the equation. Yeah, I just, well, this one's in Buffalo. Oh, Okay. Well there you go. Yeah. So this big, Big big NFL back at it again. I just, I do, you know, do you feel the same vibe? Like the bills should win this game. And that's why I would probably take the, the Jaguars because like, it's like, that's just what's been happening to me. It's like they're owing too. They, they've looked like absolute dog shit. Of course they'll come out and look awesome To me. It's like, they're also very dangerous right now. 'cause they're hungry dogs. Hungry dogs run fast. It's literally the night of wounded cats. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I wouldn't be shocked if the Jags pulled it Off. Yeah. I wouldn't be shocked either. Okay. Cat Pet, You're gonna do the Cat pet.


You gotta, You gotta, There's two money lines. You gotta do the Cat Pet. How are you gonna watch both games? One TV guy? I have no, I, I have a TV in my kitchen and a TV in my living room, so I can just kind of So you're gonna, where are you gonna stand in your hallway? I'll pace around Your pace. Get, maybe you should get like a ball of yarn. There's, they get a cap at, I, I can't get, I can't get eyes on both, but I can watch one turn. Watch the other one. So You have a TV set up for a hammerhead shark? Yeah. Okay, perfect. Which, which cat are you most confident in? The jags? Yeah. They, that fee doesn't it feel like That? Oh and two. Oh and two. So the other cats. That's what I'm saying. But the, I say this and that, what I'm gonna end up doing is just parlaying the, the bills and the, and the Bengals.


So just pick one of the other, one of the underdogs is gonna win out. Right. That's guaranteed. Just the hungry Cat parlay. Yeah, It's guaranteed. What do you, what are you making of that face Max? Yeah, I just don't think it's gonna be the commanders. Oh, What? Nothing. What we're all saying that. Yeah, we've all just been set. We just Said that Max. Did you hear my game preview? I was like, I hope I'm not embarrassed. Yeah, No. Yeah. We've all said that they're gonna lose, But Jayden Daniels. But Jayden Daniels. He's so good. That's Different. That's different Now. It is. Everything's different. Okay. Let's do who's back of the week? Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase.


Accusative polos hoodies. Joggers shorts. Rollback dot com. Hank seems like you don't have a who's back of the week? No, I did. I don't want to do it immediately after the Rollback question. Oh, okay. So let's, Alright. You what? Say golf. I say golf. Golf is back. No. Yeah. I was gonna say, how'd you golf Today? Golf is back. You Golfed on a Sunday when I golfed? Well, yeah. I mean, Whitney was in town. He wanted, he wanted to get taken out. It was pouring rain. I tried to get out of it and he was, I was like, dude, it's pouring rain. It's gonna pour rain all day. And he was like, I haven't golfed in seven days. I'm down to do it if you do. So I was like, all right. Got, we got to, Got to You didn't want to do it. You Were Basically dragged. I once, once I got out there, I was happy. We did, we only played eight holes and then we watched the second half in the clubhouse and we came here.


So I actually didn't really miss that much football. I was four over through eight. So it was, it was a Good time. Yeah. Whitney texted me, I think when you were in the clubhouse watching, were you watching all the games or just the Bears game? It was just cable. So we had the Bears and the Packers on. Yeah. He said, not even trying to be mean, this guy sucks. And I just replied. I know you said you were not trying to be mean, but that is in fact mean. So it was mean. It was Mean. Yeah. But, But golf was also bad. Golf was great. I, I reported on this podcast not too long ago that the President's Cup was sometime in the summer. Turns out it's this weekend. Yeah. Like it just happened. No, It's The weekend. Oh, I was gonna say, I could have totally missed it.


Yeah. Max is locked in. Max hoa. Max hoa. Yeah. Yeah. I gave Max a winner on Saturday. No big deal. Let's go. Yeah. Dodgers look great too, too. Buffalo plus 13 Dodgers look like a team to fucking beat in the nl. Yeah, They do. They do. Real team to beat Real team. To beat Real team. To beat show. Hey, what, how many home runs has he got now? 63. 53. 63. 53. 53. 53 home runs. And 53 I think should go for 60. I think he should try to go for 60. I don't know if he's thought about it. Yeah. Like every time he gets on base, give him the green light.


I just miss playoff baseball. I wish I was involved in playoff baseball. Same. Yeah, it is. By the way, shout out to CJ Abrams. That was quite a story. He was out till 8:00 AM gambling in Chicago. Was that illegal? Yeah. No, not illegal. Well, no, but then he got, he got demoted that, that like he finished gambling at 8:00 AM and then just immediately got sent down. Apparently he may have been still under the influence When he showed already. Well, yeah, because the Cubs played day games. It was an afternoon game. Yeah. It Was a, it was a one 21st pitch. Was it confirmed? He was there all night. Yeah. There was reports that he was there until 8:00 AM Am maybe he woke up early. It was like part of his routine. Oh yeah. True. Good point. Yeah, Good point. Yeah, no, good point. I think he was at the roulette table and I saw a picture that was taken from at the roulette table and he was just betting on black.


Like you would think that if you're staying at the roulette table for a long time, you're spreading the chips around. You're trying to make it as fun as possible. Yeah. Or he is on a heater. You never know. He Might be. Yeah. I want to know how much he won. Yeah. Because if he won a lot, he could have just said that to his manager. Yeah. Then you can't leave. Yeah. What was the one you wanted to do? Shoving a burrito up your ass? Yeah, it was mine. Okay. So you can do it. Yeah. This is just, I, I'll just do it right now. Th this is just the trend of college football this year is just, it started with the FSU guy who didn't eat the poop. But then a K State fan said that if they lose to BYU, he will shove a five five layer. Yep. C Taco Bell burrito up his ass. Seems like this guy's actually gonna do it.


Like he was making videos, like he's gonna do it. There's no way. What do you mean? I mean, it can't, that's not that like you just shove it up there and then you're like, all right, I did it. Why? Why don't you think there's any way Hank? Yeah, I guess. I guess it's more like, is he gonna show that? I don't know. Yeah. What platform can he show that on Also? Is it possible? I feel like it's just gonna like fall apart. Right. I know that's, but that's all you do. And then you say, leave me alone. How many inches is a five layer burrito? Man, it's only eight and a half. Yeah. Take that like a champ. This is just The new, this is new college football. This is the story of college football this year. I think if you want to get eight and a half inches of a five layer burrito up your ass, you gotta put in the freezer for a little bit. Right? Yeah. That's, yeah, I think so.


Or just A lot of hot sauce. A Lot of hot Sauce. Yeah. A lot of hot sauce. Yeah. But yeah, this is, and he, I think he also did it because it was all late night games. It's like people won't remember but they got fucking killed. Killed by BYU. I also think he wanted to Do it. I think so too. I Think that these guys, yeah. Now these guys are just like, I think if I say I'm gonna do something crazy, I'll just, they need to start doing like, like Kbs been doing it. He, I think he said that if the Jets lose by 21 on Monday night football against the 49 ERs to open the season, he was gonna go to Punta Kana. Yeah. That's, those are the bets you gotta do. Could you imagine the horror No. Having to go on vacation? No. Yeah. But they, if BYU was really about that Mormon life, if they saw this bet, they would've not won that game.


Right? No sir. We'll save you. Yeah. Yeah. They Should. Don't sodomize yourself, sir. Yeah, but there was actually, I mean, it's now gotten so far into the culture that like BYU was tweeted out Liv Moss. Oh, I love that. And, and there were signs at the game. So I, I mean, I like it. I just, they gotta start doing them. Yeah. No, we're gonna end up in something horrific happening, but I'm, I'm here for it. I I will watch, and I say this as I, my pinky team just had maybe the win of Sunday against the 49 ERs. Oh yeah. I forgot about that. Yeah, no, No, I would actually be a little bit nervous about that. Yeah. I would No shit because the Rams won this game. And it, Sean McVey.


Yeah. They've literally proven they can win a Super Bowl. They're gonna get healthy. Correct. Correct. They're gonna make the playoffs. Yeah. Okay. PFT. What's your, Who's back? My who's back of the week is fall. Yeah. 'cause we're actually officially in fall now. Yes. I feel like we've been there for just whenever football is back on. I feel like that's fall. Yeah, that's the real start of it. But yeah, we're, we're officially in fall and the weather, I think in Chicago is gonna be nice. It's gonna be football weather. I think we're gonna get From bit the seventies, like fifties in the mornings. Yeah. And we also remember Sweatshirts Max, It was 85 this weekend. See? I know, but it's, it's gonna rain and then it's gonna get cool. And we're gonna get to wear Sweatshirts now that, now that fall is officially back this weekend.


Remember set your clocks forward. Yep. Because it is the autumnal equinox. It's the Saturday After the start of fall. Yeah. So, and today was the first Day of fall. So wait, does that mean that we're gonna get, we're gonna have to wake up earlier for football? No, you wake up. Oh, It's fall back. Fall back. Okay. All right. So we're gonna fall, we're gonna save some time. Fall, fall back. Oh, that's awesome. I can't, that's coming up this Saturday. Make sure to set your clocks. Yeah, I'm pumped about that. And also, college football was awesome this weekend. Yeah, it was. We're gonna talk about all of it on Wednesday. Yeah. But it was, it was great. I had a great time. Gonna Auburn cool place. Yeah. Very cool place. That place is, I was there for Thanksgiving Once. It's like a, it's basically if you just close your eyes and imagine SEC campus.


That's it. What were you there for? St. Thanksgiving, Dexter tour. Oh. Spent Thanksgiving at a RV park. Yeah. In Auburn. Yeah. We went hunting That rocks. The planes of a Alabama beautiful Fall. All the leaves were, were orange. It was a good vibe. The Downside's. Great vibe. Yeah. I hunting and, and watched football and tailgated. Yeah. I, I gotta put the El Camino in storage. That's a summer drive. It is. I can't have that out in fall weather. Yeah. Anything from the booth? Any Who's backs max? No wedding this weekend? No, this is my bye week season Finale. Hell yes. Season finales this weekend. You gotta finish strong. The kisser, the kisser iss getting married this weekend. What? Yep. Wow. You have to kiss him. Of course. The first kiss you have to The first kiss, post kiss.


No, the first first kiss. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Up behind them. You may kiss the bride. Yeah. Yep. Are you in the wedding? I am. So you can, you'll be in position. Yeah. I guess. Or do you have any jobs? Are you, are you bearing a ring? No, I think I'm an usher. Okay. So I don't, I don't, yikes. Not great these days. Do you do the thing, do you, when you're in a wedding party, do you, do you joke with the groom Right before because I, I've been in a few wedding parties and I'll always before just be like, Hey, you wanna just get the fuck outta here? We can like, no problem. I'll just do it with you. We'll get the fuck outta here. You gotta give 'em that option. This will be the first one that I'm in the party with a friend.


Like I've only been it with my brothers. Got it. So it'll be give 'em that option. It's fun. Yeah. And, it breaks the ice. Yep. And I don't, it's never happened where someone's like, yeah, let's get outta here. But I would do it. Yeah. For the story. Just be like, let's, let's fucking get outta here. Let's do have you guys, let's get outta here and we'll just, we'll pretend none of this happened. Have you ever been to a wedding where they do the speak now or forever hold your peace thing? Yeah. Or is that just in movies? No, They do it but it, they just say it and then no one says anything. I don't think I've ever been at a wedding where that's actually said. It would be cool. Yeah. Can you imagine if like you actually had the goods to break it up and then Actually the loser of the pit pool will have the chance to, to not for, to not forever hold their peace. Yeah. Don't keep that. Yeah. They'll find out the drama at the bachelor party and then they can Rat on everyone.


Alright. Good. Show boys numbers. 9 3 70. Whoa. 77. That bad juju. That was a lot of numbers. You guys didn't wait to talk, right? 77. 3, 9, 9. Oh, he's back. I'll go with, I'll go with 18 for kill 40. 40. Damn. Love you.