
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon My Take. We've got football and a lot of it. Week 16 in the NFL, some pretty big results. The Chiefs keep rolling. The Commanders take down the Eagles. We had the Vikings continue their path to controlling their destiny to the one seed. We're also gonna talk some college football because we don't have a show Wednesday. We'll be back on Friday for a preview of week 17, but we're gonna have to talk college football playoffs as well.


And we're gonna start with Fastest two minutes,


all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. It's the most wonderful time of the year for getting in all the hoops. Football and hockey action at DraftKings Sports book. In the season of giving, we're being gifted college football and basketball, pro football and basketball and pro hockey too. Almost 24 7. So many games every day. So many opportunities to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app Place your bet. And here's a gift for all New customers. Bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Download the draftking sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet, just five bucks. Happy Holidays from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope y or text Hope y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go Football. My my yeah and my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks. Happy holidays from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, December 23rd.


Week 16. What? What? They're not gone. No. Get 'em stumble. What we start in Kansas City where Patrick Swayze Mahome said, pain don't hurt as he bounced off Texan defenders for a first half score on a bum ankle. Xavier, we are not worthy. We're scum. We suck. Was the opposite of that, as he said. Game on. Garth has the Chiefs come down the home stretch of the season. The Texans fought hard, but CJ can't read cloud coverage through two picks. Spoiling the upset bid as Kareem Bergen Fish and Hunt Club said murder.


What? Murder? As the Chiefs continue killing their competition Chiefs 27 Texans. 19. We go over to Baltimore. Where? Najee. I see Harris, I see France. I dumped a log of burg in my underpants, had a costly fumble and Ben hooked on Niks. Gave Russell Wilson some very difficult reads. Mixing up his Ls and Ws the Ravens tight touchdown Du was the answer to the question of what Air Force pays is closest to m and t Bank Stadium like Lee Andrews, Derrick Henry the eighth took the Steelers for a pride while TJ turned down for what got outplayed by Little John Harbaugh. Sing the ball. Downfield giving shot.


Cho cha cha Cha shots to everybody. And let us be the first to wish you all a very Lamar Christmas as the Ravens roll. Baltimore 34 Pittsburgh 17 over to Sunday in Indianapolis, where Jonathan Taylor Swift coming off a game where he was called the anti-hero, decided to shake it off and tell the haters, look what you made me do as he ran to all the blank spaces on Sunday. Amassing 218 yards on the ground at three touchdowns. Rudolph the backup. QB made some very shitty throws. Remember when Miles Garret assaulted him? I would even say he blows Colts.


38 Titans 30 to Carolina where we say Murray Christmas to all and to all the Suge Knight as the cards playoff. Chances are on death row. In this matchup of the two shortest QBs, Cuba Indian in the Hubbard has turned into a real young adult running for two touchdowns and the game winning score. Dave Panama. Canales says It's not so easy to travel from west to east as the Panthers get their fourth win on the season. The Panthers 36. The Cardinals 30. We head now to DC where Max was on scene for the Eagles and Commanders.


We had look, we had to land over Maryland where Jalen got hurt and was replaced by Kenny. Let's just kick it. Who did a great job of leading field goal drives all game long. Hey Braden, turn in your man card for being a pussy who couldn't kick the ball into the end zone one time today. And they allowed the Commanders to start at the 40 on every fucking possession with a chance to win the game Late. Devonte Smithy Elliot said, is it third down? Let me work it. Put my hands up, drop it in reverse. Sit ball's. Your SM Mickey Wiki man, yet ball's your SM Mickey Wiki man yet Commanders 36 Eagles 33. Thanks Max. We now head to the Meadowlands where memes was there for a great game between the Jets and the Rams.


It met Life Stadium. The Jets try to breeze deck the halls with bows of Holly, but turned into the nightmare before Christmas for Jet Superfan Fireman Ed as he wasn't shown on the Jets Jumbotron. Not one time I Kai ran. I Kai ran so far away. I Kai ran Iran all night a day just to get away for 122 yards and to touchdown Tyler Higg B said, I'm pouring honey on you goat as he walked into the end zone for a go ahead score. Joshua Playboy. Cardi said he wasn't going outside today to seal the Rams victory for a field goal with a field goal. Rams 19 Jets nine Takes memes in Chicago where Bears fans just want to be put in their Miss MCCs and go to die. The Lions decided to clown them one last time.


Hey tj, remember that song you just said? I remember that song. Boom. Shot, shot, shot, shot shot shots. Everybody as it was shots of Jameson as Williams scored an 80 yard touchdown and Bears fans want a shot to the head talking suicide. In the third quarter, Jared Goff goes back to passing fumble. Just kidding. He did a fake fumble because Ben Johnson has the bag deeper than the Mariana Trench. Someplace I'd like to be right now the Lions 34, the Bears 17 to all our listeners. Lock the door, get the lotion out and get nice and comfortable because it's men's sea time. As the Vikings head out west of Seattle, Randy Jackson Smith Najiba said, that's gonna be a Gino for me dog.


As he scored to tighten the game before halftime, Justin Timberlake Jefferson probably gonna be popping a few battles of patron vacationing in the Sams with Donald stacking up First Downs, reminding fans at home and Long Island police officers that the yellow line is not official. The Vikings 27, the Seahawks 24 we finish in Western New York where Hank is on the scene for the Bills and Patriots. Or the Patriots in the Patriots In whoa, in Buffalo. It was Drako season with the book bag. May who started the scoring early with a touchdown to every kiss begins with K Sean Booty. James double jump dog cookie Score twice and until Ron Burgundy Johnson had a very important announcement.


And he needs all of you to stop what you're doing at once and listen football recovery, touchdown. And no one circles the wagons like The Buffalo Bills 24 Patriots, 21 Standing on the corner. Jameis Winston Cuyahoga. Such a fun sight to see. It is. DT Yard won't Make your PPE hard 'cause you'll never see any tds. Come on, you're looking.


Please don't jerk around PMT like you, you were man. The Bengals 24, the Brown six. And that is


Fastest. Two minutes for week 16 in the NFL brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we're never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because, Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that Silverado as a partner or partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of, Pardon? My Take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. They've been with us for a cross country trip to Super Bowl. They've been with us for every single Grit week. And they've been with us for the Low Man Award that we awarded last week. So Grit, Silverado is there for us. Silverado's there for you. Silverado brings the grit, legendary grit paired with modern truck tech inside and out. Massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, week 16 in the books as we watch the second half of the Bucks Cowboys, which will recap at the end. Cowboys Cooper Rush might be, is Cooper Rush a franchise quarterback? The Cowboys Better with Cooper Rush. I don't know. Mike McCarthy saving his job right before Christmas. So we got a lot of ball to talk about boys. We had Saturday football. Yep. Hank, did you watch it? Did you see it? Yeah, sure did. We had Saturday football, we got Sunday football. It's just awesome that finally we get football on Saturdays now. Yeah, we finally get it. So, and we're gonna talk a little college football because reminder, we do not have a show on Wednesday. It's Christmas day. We'll be back on Friday. That's gonna be our schedule for the next two weeks.


Also have an hour long doc on Thursday though on YouTube. Okay. So a little, little, little extra. There we go. Love. That's huge. That's huge. So yeah, it'll be Monday, Friday for the next two weeks during the holidays. But let's get into it. Saturday Football Chiefs 27 Texans. 19. The Kansas City Chiefs are going to do it again. They're gonna win the Super Bowl. They're 14 in one and everything is rounding into shape Exactly as we expected. And exactly as they always planned. Xavier worthy is getting Target. He, I think he had 14 touches. Hollywood Brown is back. Yeah. The offense looks legitimately good now. Yeah. Their defense still like is, you know, the secondary's not great, but they still make big time plays in the fourth quarter.


It just felt like they needed a, whenever they needed a sacker or pressure that second half, they were all over CJ Stroud. And they're gonna do it. It, I just, I, it's crazy. But they're rounding into form Between Hollywood, brown, Xavier Worthy, Deandre Hopkins, Travis, Kelsey Gray. It, it's like they can go anywhere they want with a ball. Yeah. At any point they can, they can beat you in whatever way they want to at that given point. Like they, they just have so many options right now and they're looking good. And the games get winning is getting boring for Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. Who's yawning on the sidelines. Yeah. They still can't block for Patrick Mahomes, but it doesn't matter. Yeah, because he, he, his ankle is not hurt. He ran for a 15 yard touchdown in the first half and you're like, oh, this guy's not hurt at all.


He said That his plan was to not run and then he got in the game. He's like, fuck it, I'm gonna Run. Yeah. Because he just, I think his body, I think he's got a freak body that just can be contorted in all different directions and he'll be fine. Yeah. And he bounces back. He's Wolverine. This Is now their 14th win this season without scoring 30 points. That is now an official NFL record. Yes. Second place, the team they passed was the Frankfort Yellow Jackets. Oh. In 1925 led by punk Berryman. You remember Punk Berryman? Yeah. Punk Berryman. Punk Berryman. They had 13 wins without scoring 30 points. The crazier stat with the no no game over 30, it's 31 points. 'cause they did score 30, I think, against the Panthers.


But the teams that have not scored 31 points this season in a game are the Kansas City Chiefs. 14 and one. The New York Giants two and 13, the Las Vegas Raiders three and 12 and the New England Patriots three and 12. Yep. That's the company. Yep. That's what you're in. Yeah. The stat was most wins with 30 or fewer points. They're just doing stuff just for fun. It's not even like, I mean that that, that, that's a stat. Like the Chiefs don't have to score 30 points. They're proving that they can do whatever they want and Yeah. I, I really do. Like I watch that game and I was like, yeah, this is, they're rounding into form exactly like, like Xavier worthy, just like rash rice last year, the beginning of the year.


You know, he had that first game where he has that electric touchdown and everyone's like, how could you let Xavier worthy fall to the Chiefs? And then he has a stretch where he didn't look that great and they didn't really feature him much. And he would get maybe one or two catches a game. And yesterday it was 11 targets and it was, I know he didn't have like crazy eye popping numbers, but he had seven catches. He had another three rushes, he had a touchdown. They're just rounding into form and they've got, they've got everything cooking. So I feel like they're practicing getting, hitting the ball a lot right now because they're, they might dial back on that a little bit in the playoffs, but they'll go to him a few times a game and they want to know that he's ready when it happens. Yeah. And he'll be ready. And the Chiefs, yeah. Congrats to the Chiefs.


Congrats to the Chiefs Threepeat. As for the Texans, that game sucked a lot for them. Not only did they lose, but Tank Dell horrific injury. That was brutal. Brutal, brutal. Especially 'cause he was just felt like he was rounding in a form after his season ending injury last year. They also lost Jimmy Ward and Shaq Mason. And their offense just, it continues. Like, CJ Stroud struggled and Joe Mixon couldn't get running. And I just, I don't have any, any hopes for the Texans to make any type of impact on the a FC Playoffs. No. That was a tough, tough loss when Tank down went down. But we should say tough motherfucker. Yeah. He held onto the ball after getting his kneecap Dislocated.


Yes. And you could tell it was serious. And it happened as he was catching the ball simultaneously, his knee gets bent to the side by some, some friendly fire and he hangs onto it as he rolls over as he's calling the cart onto the field. Yeah. Unreal. He's outta the hospital now and he's going back to Houston. So that's good. Yeah, That is good. But it's gonna be a long Yeah, It's a very long recovery. Yeah. It also, just as a side note, Zach Miller did catch it 'cause that did happen. Remember when he That's true. Yeah. Like basically went sideways and like you hear the news right away, tank Dale has to go to the hospital. You, you're like, oh shit, that's, I think that's because the artery and they gotta make sure the emergency surgery. So Yeah. Really, really tough. CJ Stroud was obviously shaken up by it and yeah, I don't know.


I don't know where like the Texans are in the playoffs. Yeah. And they have, they now ha they're down now down to just Nico Collins in terms of their weapons that they started this season with, which sucks and yeah, I don't really know. I don't know. Like their defense is still good, but not like elite. And yeah, there's just gonna be a bummer to watch because you, you're like, man, that season everyone had hopes that they could be one of those Dark Horse Super Bowl teams and it kind of just fell apart for 'em. And CJ Stroud has had a sophomore slump. It's like, I, I don't know what Tomako's gonna do. Just tell 'em, reimagine yourself as being a run first team. Just ground and pound. Yeah. But they can't even run the ball all the time. I don't know what, like mixing wasn't able to run the ball in this Game.


I don't know what they're gonna do, but it is a bummer. Yeah. Total bummer. But yeah, the Chiefs are gonna win three in a row. Does anyone feel differently? Like, I don't want them to, I'm gonna be rooting for the bills to beat 'em. I think they will, But I watched this game and I was just like, yeah, everything's kind of just starting to, to click for them and it's, yeah, they're just gonna do it again. Yeah. We'll see you on Christmas. They're Just be like, how did that happen? See you on Christmas. Patty Mahomes 14 and One is crazy. I mean, there're, I know that there's been a lot of close calls, but still 1414. It's hard to win in this League. And they're getting Harrison Bucker back and healthy. He looked Okay. Why Does he do the thing where he falls now? I don't know, after every kick. I don't know. It's, it has something to do with his follow through.


Yeah. Like making sure he gets enough, like hip flexibility on it. I don't know. Very Bizarre. Very bizarre. Also, the Chiefs, the, the other part is their, their defense is starting to take the ball away. Which I, I I think I mentioned this stat a couple weeks ago where they were third to last in takeaways. They had 10 total through 14 weeks. They've had eight in the last two weeks. So it's all starting to work and it's all gonna just, I, I don't really know what else to say. The Chiefs are gonna win the Super Bowl. Congrats to the Chiefs. Yeah. It's inevitable. Yeah. And, and your fan, the fans can post a meme and be like, oh man, this game's gonna suck. Just kidding. We won. You guys will just figure out a way. You'll Figure out A way no matter what happens, there is a path for you.


And you will find that one path. It's gonna happen. It's gonna happen. Okay. The other Saturday game Ravens 34 Steelers 17, this was basically, I felt like it was freaky Friday situation where the Ravens and Steelers switched bodies because it felt like the Ravens were playing Mike Tomlin Steelers football in that they were getting opportune, you know, turnovers. Lamar didn't play like out of his mind. Good. And they just, you know, the Russ Fumble basically changed the game. They were going in seven, seven. Russ is going in, all he has to do is slide at the two yard line instead. Tries to jump and be a hero fumbles. And then the Ravens turn around and go on a 98 yard drive.


And that was it. That was tough. 'cause I thought Russ was gonna score on that too. Yeah. And he got in the open field and then he had just unlucky, unlucky play for Pittsburgh. And then you couldn't do anything about Derrick Henry. No. I don't know what kind of angles Mka Fitzpatrick was taking against Derrick Henry, but they were the wrong ones. Yeah. Derrick Henry, he took the wrong angles. Derrick Henry was just an absolute, he was a hammer and the Steelers were the nail on Saturday. And it was, he had a hundred, what do you have? 166 yards, I believe. 162 yards. He's the fifth player in NFL history to have four 1500 rushing yard seasons. Which I always feel like running stats, like passing stats have gotten outta hand, like running stats those count because Yeah, they used to just run the ball all the time.


So it's Ed and James has four. Walter Payton has four. Eric Dickerson has four. Barry Sanders has five. And I, I feel like we're seeing more of the good Derrick and less of the bad Derrick where he, he's slow around the line of scrimmage and gets hit for a loss. Yeah. Because that, that was the formula in Tennessee for a while. It's like, just keep feeding him. Eventually we'll figure out a way to break him on a long one. And then a lot of the times he just would have gains of like one yard, no yards minus one yard. And Baltimore feels like they figured out how to get him on the edge and get him even going downhill before he hits the line of scrimmage. Yeah. And then you good luck tackling him if you don't take the perfect angle on him. I feel like. Yeah. This is like the thing they were missing last year. Yeah. It's, it's, it looks pretty good in Baltimore now. The Steelers had some, they're a little bit banged up in the secondary.


Yeah. That was tough. Joey Porter, Porter getting hurt early that that didn't do him any favors. And they are getting Pickens back. Yes. For, for the Christmas day game. Yeah. Who he's their entire offense. If you listen to some of our friends, it, I Mean, it looks Jersey Jerry, it looks like they don't know how to pass the ball down field without Pickens. Yeah. I mean that Russ pick too. Marlon Humphrey who's been incredible this year. That was also the game. It was. Yeah. Russ didn't play. He had to play clean football. The, the Steelers had to go into that game doing what they usually do against the Ravens, where they basically just trade field position, get a couple fumbles where the, there, the, the Ravens put the ball on the ground, but the Steelers just didn't recover it. Yeah. And get to the end of the game and find a way to make one more play.


And Russ just didn't keep him in that spot where they could be like, oh look, we're just a TJ Watt strip sack away from winning this game. Yeah. Stupid thing I noticed after this game was over, it was like 30 minutes after the end of the game, Kyle Van Noy, he posts on, on Twitter a picture of him just deleting Russell Wilson. And he says like, it's hunting season. And it was such a sick picture. That's gotta be an underrated part about being an NFL athlete is like right after a game's over the, you get to look at all these incredible pictures of you doing superhuman shit. Yeah. And be like, yep, that's me. Look at me, I'm sideways. Look how Sick I look. Hitting the fuck out of Russell Wilson and making him look like a rag doll. Yeah. Me smashing some guy the ground, like just having A professional photographer follow you around and like send instead of like, here at Barsol, the worse you look.


Those are the ones that get posted. Yeah. Hank just tries to find the worst pictures of you and post it over and over. Yeah. It's just, or memes just to, you know, memes us to Death. You have a, a staff of people who are assigned to find the best looking pictures of you that they can get their hands on. Yeah. And amplify those to the masses. You looking like a Greek god in action. Yeah. Yeah. I Agree. That's why I wanna play in the NFL one day. We need to hire a personal photographer that just makes us look Good. They'll be corrupted soon Because we literally have the opposite. Yeah. I mean, I don't know Shane with the, with the YouTube thumbnails I does he edit us to make us look ugly. It's crazy. We don't even look like ourselves half the Time. He has a filter where he can add 30 pounds to you. Why Wouldn't it be, do you think it's, I feel like if you're scrolling, you'd want us to not look like ab we we don't look well half the time.


Yeah. I know that there's listen, we look when we look bad naturally. That's funny. But he distorts us to make us look weird. He's not Gonna like this discourse. I mean he does a great job, but This is it not, does he do that or No, I don't, there's times I see my, I'm, I see myself, I'm like, well I do I look like that. No, I look like an alien. Yeah. One point I think he added 40 pounds to my body and he, he drew circles under my eyes. Yeah. Or like I have like a weird Yeah. A smile I've never done before. I think he just kind of, I think he's just like a sicko who just like, oh that's not a bad one. He just likes to, to see us in the weirdest positions. But yeah, you're right.


PFT we need to get a photographer does that for us. Yeah. Yeah. Look at this. I don't even know. Yeah. You're making the little yikes. We're both bad bad pig. The Skip Bayless thumbnail all Time. Yeah. Somehow Skip looks Awesome. I think they look good to us. Thank you. I appreciate that. By the way, the Steelers still can win out and win the A A FC North so they have the record, it's verse common opponents. They have a better record verse common opponents. So they control their own destiny. Now will they, because they have to play the Chiefs in the Bengals. But that wasn't for the a FC North. It was obviously makes it a little more difficult, but they they absolutely still control their own destiny.


You know, as crazy as this is gonna sound because the last two recaps we just did. I kinda like the Steelers on Christmas. Yeah. I like 'em on Christmas. I do not like them in the playoffs. I also, I have them in my Texans category of team that I'm not expecting to be in like the a FC championship game. Yeah. But I like 'em on Christmas. Yeah, I do. But it's also the Chiefs. Yeah, that's true. And the Chiefs. But it's Tomlin as a dog at Home. Tomlin dog at home Christmas. Everybody in Pittsburgh's gonna be at the, if you're not, you're not anybody unless you're at that game in Pittsburgh. That's A fact. That's a fact. Alright, anything else on this game? I wish these teams would just play all the time. It is fun. Although this was, this is the rare one that wasn't close. This is a blowout.


Yeah. Russell Wilson is matchup didn't really help us because like I said, it was, I, I was expecting this game to be close down the end and the Steelers be able to have a chance to win it and Russ kind of ruined that. Yeah. With his fumble in his pick six. The pick six was the big part of it. Yeah. Well, I mean, the fumble was, they were gonna go up 14.7. Yep. Yeah. Fumbles happened though. Fumbles do happen. Okay. Sunday. So before we get to Sunday, shout out Scott Hansen. He did mention me and us for the witching hour. But also shout out Scott Hansen. He's now changed the tagline to seven hours of Red Zone football starts now. Tough. Yeah. He, his apology that he issued on Saturday was great.


First of all, it started out with a football in the camera. Yeah. Letting you know who you're dealing with here. And then he, he took ownership. He said he wrestled with the concept of whether or not to say commercial free football before he knew that there would be commercials. And I, I can only imagine what an internal struggle, struggle that must have been for Scott Hansen. So he discussed that. He apologized, which I appreciated as a football fan. Yes. I think some people still know how business is done. The Red Zone is one of those entities. So thank you Scott for acknowledging it. Appreciate it, Scott. But Can we maybe just lose the commercials? They put you in a bad position, Scott. They put 'em in a terrible Position. They don't care about you, Scott. Yeah. If they cared about you, they wouldn't have marched you out there with a gun to your head and made you say that. Yeah. It was, it was very funny how serious you took it.


Which I ca I I liked it. He cares that much. Yeah. I want him to take it extremely seriously. Yeah, He was, he lost sleep this week. Yeah. That's a fact about, you know, the fact that people were like, you lied to us about commercial free football. Okay, so Sunday Commanders 36 Eagles 33. Who would like to start? Actually, no, I wanna start real Quick. Okay. You can start. I'm gonna start and then I I'm gonna kick it to you. Okay. I'm gonna start with just the Is that the gorillas? That Was the cackle Actually. No, that was, wait, You guys are hypocrites. FFSU Brando made a remix of that one. You guys are Hypo list.


I love that clip. I love that clip. We still lose. It's either, it's either scared. I love that clip. Scared and I'm not confident enough. Or Wait, wait, wait. I talk some shit. Max. We'll get to you in a Second. I talk some shit. Or Max, we or other. I just wanted to play the clip. It was funny. Yeah, it was a funny clip. That's a funny clip. I rebuttal. I get to rebuttal that. I got to rebuttal that. It was a funny, I liked that Clip. What was that clip? Rebuttal? What? That was Max laughing after They lost? No, probably after one of our five turnovers that we had. Yeah. Five to one turnover for the Eagles today. PFT go. I mean Max and PFT Go Ahead. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Here, here's some analysis. Number one great hit by Max. He hit a plus two 20 Commanders money line part. This is just a lie money line bet that you put In.


This is just a lie Max put in a Moneyline bet on the Commanders. I ca I I was pissed about the drop. I immediately said, fuck, this is the Falcons. They are gonna lose this game. Bet it. And then cashed out within maybe 30 seconds. You keep saying that. And I did not hit the bet. Max. Max made a great bett. I I lost. I I You made a great bet. Made you made a great bet. No, you didn't make it. Yeah. You made it Sick dude. You made a great bet. Sick. That's so cool of you. Keep going. Okay. Fuck face. Here's, here's some stats. Jalen Hertz to AJ Brown. Zero completion, zero yards. Oh. Kenny Pickett to AJ Brown. Eight completions, 97 yards a tudy. And we can tack another 60 yards on there for pass interferences that he drew.


Mm. So the chemistry I I'd say is like best friend status between Kenny Pickett and AJ Brown. The Eagles pretty much wrapped up the, the division. So that's good for them. And Max, it's tough to beat a team three times in a season. So that could be good if we end up playing you again in the playoffs. 'cause we already beat you once. So then now it's like, oh, you don't have the pressure of having to beat the Commanders three times. But as several smart people on this podcast have said, you know, everybody gets, everybody gets injured, everyone gets nicked up this time of year. It's not like the Detroit lines are the only team in the NFL that's injured next man up. Gotta play through it. Injuries can't be an excuse.


And so someone really smart said that. So I wanted to make sure to amplify that we're a national sports podcast. Injuries happen next Man up. I don't think the Kenny Pickett is the reason the Eagles lost that game. I think if Jalen hurts plays the whole game, the Eagles definitely win that game. But I don't think Kenny Pickett is the reason they lost that game. Does that Yeah, That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Who is it? Braden man has to get the ball in the end zone. The commander started at midfield every single possession. It's Luke McCaffrey Every single possession. Okay. I don't understand. Like that is a huge thing. Devonte Smith has to catch that football and the defense can't give up 22 points in the fourth quarter. Yeah, that's what, that's what it comes down to.


Yeah. The none of that has to do with Kenny Pickett. Right. Agreed. Yeah. And listen, Jayden Daniels was fucking awesome today. Did. Jayden Davis threw a fourth quarter pick with two and a half minutes ago and then, you know, that would've lost the game. Did if one of the the best achieves in football caught the fucking Football, then you know what he did? He went down, he threw his fifth touchdown Pass. He's a rookie. He's a rookie that makes very good plays and also very bad plays. Yeah. He Made some rookie mistakes. He had two bad picks today, but he's still fucking awesome. If Devonte Smith catches that ball. You are sitting here talking. Jayden Daniels is a rookie that I wish that he didn't make that rookie mistake. He did. Are we gonna do the IFS game? I'm just saying like you, like you like to just nitpick plays.


But he's a rookie that makes good plays and he makes bad plays. No, I always, he almost lost the Game. I always say when he screws up, he Should have lost the game. Threw, he threw two bad picks today if Devante Smith catches that ball, he lost the game. He threw two bad picks today. Put them in a position where they could have lost. But guess what? Where they should ball and Then he won the game. And Devonte. Yes. Correct. The last drive was very good by Him. But the drive before was very bad. Yeah. And you can't, and you ha and you have to say both. Yeah. You have to say both. I'm saying both. Bad, bad, bad. You didn't pick No, no, no, no. You didn't say both bad. I said both bad Picks. He did say both bad picks. You didn't say both till he said both Gay Drive. He also had some dots, some downfield dots. But Max is right. He w he was that little around. You have To acknowledge the good with the bad. I I fully admit his Picks today.


You weren't going to until I said it. His picks today were bad when the game was on the line line. Two bad picks actually when it matter When it was on the line, he threw an interception with two and a half minutes to go Hank then When the game was on the line Again No, but The Be on the line was really on The line. The game wasn't on the line then Yes it was. Well he knew That he hit because if it was on the line he threw that pick, then we would've lost. Right. That's true. Game wasn't on the line. I point back to PFC. It was, it was getting close to the line. Okay, fine Max, you lost the one seed today. Correct. That's fine. That hurts. Realistically Though, the way that the rest of the game's played out, they probably weren't gonna get it anyway. The Vikings beating the Seahawks. They would have, the Vikings would have to lose the next two games.


Well, no. Or they, no. If you had won today, the Vikings could have easily lost the Packers and then beaten the lion. Yes. That's the, that's like the only exact scenario that that could happen. They Lions, it could've also been the Lions losing to the 49 ERs and then beating the Vikings. It's not that crazy. Yeah, just one loss regardless. You had a lot of ways to, Let's see, let's see how, how it shakes out. But odds are they weren't gonna get the one seat anyway. Well Then no, that's not true. They were, they were very much alive for the one Seat. Odds are they weren't gonna get the one seat anyway. They, Are you worried about the defense? You have one bad game. It's best defense in the NFL up for 13 weeks and then you have one bad game.


But you gotta admit to bad with the good. Correct. And this was a bad game. Correct. 22 points in the fourth quarter. Correct. I what did, how did I, you want to, you wanna remind me how I started off this segment? One Bad game. You wanna remind Him? I said you ca the defense cannot let up 22 points in the fourth quarter. Yeah, let's just go around the circle and keep saying stupid fucking shit. Alright, so I guess I have to talk about what I don't like about my own team. 'cause that's how we should properly appreciate a win in on this podcast. Is betting against your team when they're, the game's almost over. Is that stupid Shit? You will bet against your team whenever never You dont give a fuck about your team. You Would Never, you are watching your games wanting to lose. Yeah, but I'm not betting against him.


Guess what Max you are watching your games wanting to lose also Hank is at least consistent with that. Didn't I would expect that from Hank. I didn't expect that from you. You're better than that. That was, that was a moment where I was like, this is gonna lose. Maybe if I bet on it, they won't lose. I I was putting that money in. So then Why'd you cash Out? Because I got bullied. I always get bullied. There was, you don't always get bullied. There Was a point when, when Kenny got into the game and Max you bullied me. Initial reaction was, I hope Kenny plays well, but not really that well. Do you regret that? Because I regret that Because you were saying That was bad. I regret That You Didn't think that Ja, that that I will, That you think Jalen put my hand up, could take it. He couldn't take a little No pressure. Not Jaylen. I just didn't, I just hate listening to the fucking media.


You are the media. No, We are all the media with x Other media. So Kenny, different media. Kenny Pickett not, do You think you win that game of Jalen Hertz plays the whole game? I I don't know. Yeah. Ball bounces a couple weird weird ways. Who knows? I'll Say, I'll Say no. Also another thing have to talk about. Two things we have to talk about. Okay. Two things we have to talk about please. CJ Gardner Johnson getting thrown outta the game. For for being mean For words. Yeah. For words. Have you, has anyone ever seen that in the NFL? Hank has Number two. Hank Said he has. I don't, I guess, I guess what has a concussion? We don't know what words. I guess Jalen Hertz has a concussion. The NFL needs to be consistent about when they're taking players out because there are hits that are so much worse than what happened to him than that never get addressed.


He Gave thumbs up. Yeah, He went, he gave thumbs up, went to the medical tent, put his helmet back in to get back in the game. And then someone from the NFL took him out. What? Explain this, explain Josh Allen against the Texans. He was knocked out. Oh, you Have this pulled up. Oh, you have this pulled up. How What? Why I I get it player. Your safety. I, I want everyone Be safe. Alright. Why ex make it make sense. Make it make sense. Make it make sense. Memes told me the memes was like the Josh Allen thing. You gotta talk about five seconds. Five Seconds before he started recording. Yeah. Like I, I had no what that but Did Josh give thumbs up that? No, but hold on Ma, hold on. Max. You don't know what they said. They could have said, Hey Jalen, do you have a concussion?


And he gave thumbs up like, yeah, I do. Thumbs up. The CJ Gardner Johnson getting ejected for being mean. I Got you. Well, we don we don't know what I got you there. We know. That's Just so dumb. It doesn't list Response. It's not dumb. You don't think they could have said it's, Hey so dumb. Jalen doesn't, do you have a concussion? And he went, yeah. He doesn't deserve a response. Thumbs up. Yeah, I do. He doesn't deserve a Response. And we don't know what, what CJ said. We don't know the words that he said. Do you wanna come outta the game? Jalen? Maybe. Maybe. They asked him, do you have a concussion? Yeah. Jalen, do you wanna come outta the game? Are you, you feel like you have a concussion? He give a thumbs up. Maybe He asked, maybe he asked cdd, Hey, he took off his bike. Hey cj, do you have a concussion? He was like, and then they threw a flag. They're like, okay, I'll just, I'll I'll kick you out 'cause you're concussed. Where's He going?


Did he say where he was going? No, he just left. No, he just Left. Jaden Daniel's last drive was awesome. Yeah. Yeah. He, he had a few really good drives today. The legs were working. Not having Noah Brown out there is, is a pretty big impact. Although, hey, credit to Jameson Crowder, who's still very much in the league. Yeah. Caught two touchdowns today. Yeah. Max, you're back. Yeah, I'm back. Okay. Okay. So where'd you go? I just, I just took, did a little pacing outside. Took A lab booth. What are they, the anger sharks? No, I was good. I was good. I should do that more often. Just Okay. That was just a quick timeout. Quick Timeout. So I sometimes I need a quick timeout when you guys are just being so fucking Dumb. I also feel like this, I Mean that I was, this loss was, I think I kind of, I think, I think if we're being honest here, I think you had not even thought about the fact that the concussion spotter could have said, Hey Jalen, do you have a concussion?


And they went Yes. Thumbs up. Like that dawning on you, crushed you. 'cause you realized everything you thought about the thumbs up was a lie. Yes. I think, yeah, I Think I'm right. This, this loss was pretty much designed in the lab to piss max off the most the way that it went down. Because Yeah. Kicking, kicking an impact player out for words like two personal fouls on words. Yeah. Pretty crazy. Yeah. I don't know what he said. I don't know what they were looking at. But the the first one was nuts because he says, he says something then he gets punched in the face. Yeah. And then they throw a flag and they say, yeah, personal foul on CJ Gardner Johnson.


Yeah. And it's like, wait, what happened there? Nobody knows exactly, but the ref was like right in between him. So I guess he heard something. But yeah, it, it feels like this was just designed to get max, the Anchors as mad as possible. Good job. NFL. Yeah. No. Max got as mad as possible. I mean, I think Max here something positive. I think you guys win that game easily with Jalen Hurts easily. Easily. The way Saquon could not run. Like he could run in the first quarter, first half without Jalen Hertz in there. 'cause they can, they basically can play Kenny Pickett completely different. They basically just said we're gonna make Kenny Pickett beat us. Correct. And Kenny Pickett unfortunately could not do that. Yeah. But I don't think Kenny Pickett, Kenny Pickett did enough to win the game.


If Devonte Smith catches the ball, That's also a Win The game. Like that's, why's not going gonna put this, put this blame on Kenny Pickett also Saquon quarter back dropped too. He did. And so did AJ Brown. Yeah, Saquon had a drop. He Had a drop. Yeah. 'cause he's dropped a couple. Good defense by Bobby Wagner. Saquon shot the ball. We should say that. It was good defense, correct. Yeah. Also, So was the AJ was good defense by Latimore. But the Devonte Smith, there was no one within three yards of him. Oh. La Latimore did not look that good today. AJ Brown kind of abused him. Yeah, it was, it was not looking great. He got a couple bad PIs and he was getting cooked out there a little bit. Made me pump my brakes on Latimore a little Bit. Credit to you. Credit to me. Credit To you. That's huge.


So Max, we might be on a collision course. There's a chance that, I mean the Commanders, what are they, 94% right now? Now I want, now I want you so bad. Oh, Okay. Well, oh, But you want 'em, The way it shakes out, I With Kenny or Jalen that shot With Jalen. Oh, okay. With if, if Kenny. Well, because Kenny wasn't the reason you lost the game. So I didn't know if that was wasn't It was more on their kickoff. Yeah. I thought maybe you were like, Hey, we can beat him with Kenny because that would be the ultimate revenge. I still think that, I still would be confident if we had Kenny at home in a week to prepare. Because if you're a man game with Kenny, if you're a man, you beat him with Kenny. No, No. I'm just saying if you're a man, you beat him with Kenny. Yeah. I mean, the way that you're talking right now, a week to prepare with Kenny.


I, I'll take that. I Don't get the kickoffs unless they were trying to not Put it Your special teams is just bad, Bad, bad. So bad that and it's one third of the game. That's, That's a thing that will rear its ugly head. That's the thing. You gotta be what what's the, what's the quote? Two thirds of the game. Two Thirds of the game is, is mental. A third of the game is, is Jalen Hurtz not getting concuss? No, This isn't. Nope. Oh, it's a third of the game. A third of the game is the N nfl. The NFL didn't want Jalen Hurtz to play play today for some reason. You Don't think so? They didn't want him to play. He Thumbs up and then he had his helmet on the sideline ready to go back in. What if they asked him, Hey, what month is it? And he gave a thumbs up. I'm happy he's safe.


Yeah, me too. I'm happy He's safe. Me too. I'm happy he's safe Player Safety. Yeah, player safety is important. But again, he might have just said, yeah, I have a concussion. Thumbs up. You didn't even think about that. So Max, should sirianni shave his head? Oh yeah. Yeah. We Scout him. He, he has his Head should old school also. Huge, huge weekend for the Commanders. Got RFK stadium back as a site. That was like in the middle of the night on Friday, Saturday morning. That's huge. And then following it up with this, listen, this is, this is a game that we probably had no, no right to win. It looked like we Don't apologize. I'm not, no, I'm not gonna apologize. We lost this game like five different times. Yeah. Maybe more so I'll take a win. It's hard to win in the NFL. It's hard to win in the NFL max and, Okay, so Max, I'll take another shit on my team.


'cause apparently I have to do that. Dan Quinn, his time management at the end of the game was terrible. It was awful. But then Jayden said, doesn't matter 'cause I'm Jane DI would actually argue that it was great. It ended up working out Because you can't can't, and you can't leave time for Kenny. No, you can't leave time for Kenny K. It Ended up working out perfectly. But I'm a process guy. Six seconds is actually maybe a little too much time for kp. Yeah, No, that wasn't, that unfortunately was not enough time. All Well, it's Good that you're not yelling at us and getting angry. I didn't get angry at all. No. Oh, not at All. I didn't get angry at all in this segment. So this was, this was a mature conversation between colleagues. Cause Cause number one of the loss was your, your kickoff specialist not being able to reach the answer.


I was, IIII was so mad about the kickoff team today. Every single time he brought it back to midfield every time. And you, but give credit to Luke McCaffrey. I will. For give credit. Sure. And I'll give credit to your return team for blocking. Well, yeah. Thank you. But Why did, did, why couldn't you just put it in the end zone? Like we couldn't like that That's a, that last drive is a different drive. If, if he, if it's starting from the 25 instead of the 45. Yeah. True. Absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. Well congrats. PFT 93% chance to make the playoffs now. Love it. Love it. And holy shit. Would it be great if you guys played First time since 2012?


I won that. We've had 10 wins. And looking at a record like this, I believe that's the first time since like 1991. Yeah. That it's happened. That's crazy. So it's been a long ass time. Do you have any last words for Hank? Because you were very upset at Hank in the gambling cave as well. Hank's just a prick that just like wants to be showing away At all times. He just wants to exist. He just wants to be so like you that there was going I was going to yell at PFT regardless. Right. Like that had nothing to do with you. The clipping question. We could play it. I literally started the clip by saying, I just don't want drama. You were being, you're being totally serious. No, No. He is been legit because he was talking about the Kenny Pickett.


Oh yeah, yeah. The Jalen Hurtz thing. Like I just don't, I just someone else to just collapse in the Playoffs this year so badly. That's all I want. That's all I want. That's the Only way You can hurt Santa. Are you listening? I would be sitting right next to you with my face. Right in your fucking grill as Jalen Brown or as Jason Tatum. Just bricks. The three that would've sent the team to the finals. Is this, To the Sixers. Sixers dead. See that? Damn. See No, they're not. They could get to 10 Wins. No, no. Sixers are dead now. My So my sole goal is to just somehow have the Celtics lose and, and look at your face when it happens. Oh, not the Super Bowl. Look at face. Not winning the Super Bowl.


The NBA season. He's talking about the, he's on the NBA season. This loss ended at the No. You guys love putting words in my mouth, But congrats Max second place in the NFC. Pretty good. And That's also not true. Also, the laughing clip was incredible. Like, I, I played that because it's it's a great clip. You laughing was very funny. I don't even remember what part of the game that was. Yeah, I mean we, one of the Turnovers. Yeah. I think it was after maybe the DMI Brown fumble. I think it was Brian Robinson fumble. Mm. No. 'cause Brian Robinson fumble were early. There was so Many Yeah, it was early. It was the the laugh was early. Yeah. L Yeah. Losing a game where your five to one turnover battle is pretty crazy.


Yes. It's hard to do. That's really hard to do. But Jay Daniels is fucking lost. Kenny. Yeah. Except for those pitch back. Not playing With Kenny on the loss. Not playing with Kenny. Not blaming Kenny on the loss. But if you could like, keep a drive to going together like a little bit longer. Yeah. That would've been great Max. Do you think that by the end of games, opponents actually like Jaden Daniels as a friend because He, it is crazy. Crazy. Does, he's spend like half the time between the plays talking to the other team and like joking around with him and they're like laughing and shaking hands and playing grab ass. Like I feel like by the end of the game they're like, fuck, I respect that dude. Like, they kinda like him. Him and Jalen Carter were like boys during the game. Yeah. Jalen Carter is a mean guy. Yeah. Yeah. Like why were they, it probably took him outta the game a little bit.


Yeah. Jayden. 'cause he, he's killing you. Kindness. Probably likes to play with a little bit of edge. Yeah. And you And he's too nice. They they were, he was just dapping 'em up after like a good like passer rush. He is a good play. I thought I see you. Good play. I hate that. I hate that. Yeah. But For what If Devonte Smith just catch that caught that ball, you would've hate that a little bit more. Is That what you meant when you said it was the Falcon scheme all over again? Yes. Oh, because you remember Saquon dropped a wide open pass that would've won the game. I do, I do. Devonte Smith did that today. Now I'm thinking about It. Okay. So like, but, and then the Falcons went down and Scored and scored Her cousins. She was like very little time left. It was Monday Night Football. That was Jason Kelsey. I, yeah. Yeah. Yep. So, so that's, that's what I was And Both so Saquon and Devonte Smith catch the ball.


You one seat. Correct? Oh yeah. Minimum both of Those. If two of like the best players in the league just catch a wide open ball to win the game. One Seat. One Seat, One seat. So now the Commander's Falcons game next Sunday night. Big game. Very big game. Falcons Commanders. Yeah. Well, not as much for you. No, it's big. But the, the Seahawks losing. I mean even if you lose like you the Seahawks, I mean the Seahawks have to win out. No, but it's a big game. Like you fuck you have succeeding still Succeed still. Yeah. You still have six seed Potential. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Seeding, it's a massive game. Oh, okay. You I guess that is a big gamet. The packer. That's the Packers haven't I Want your, I want your ass. The Packers are about to win.


Yeah. But then if Packers lose to the Vikings next week. Got it. And we win out, then I think we get to succeed. You, you'd have 'em even if you're, if the Packers, if you have the same record. I, I think so. The same record? I think so. Let's find that Tiebreaker. I've been screwing around with the playoff thing that I have no idea what's up. The, the, the, the, the Tiebreakers all are very hard to get Out. So here, here's what deal. Put it. If the Saints win now both teams 10 to five. It's got the Commanders over the Packers. If they're both 10 and five. Oh. So I would assume that yeah, if we can win out and the Packers can lose one game, then succeed, then we're looking at Ty breaker Rose Commanders.


Yeah. It says right there. Then we'd be going to the Rams. Wow. And then the Packers go into the link. That would be scary. Max. Now who would you rather play? I, I've already made that statement. Yeah. The Packers. N no, literally like 30 seconds ago. He wants Said to get he, he wants your as officially with Kenny. He said he wants your ass with Kenny. Yep. Kenny. I would prefer Jalen hurt. He with Kenny. But even with Kenny, I would still, I, yeah. Okay. Alright. P ft. You want to rip a couple ads? Good. Good job, max. You didn't get so, so mad A couple times you got a little mad. Not so sad. I mean, he took a time out. He had to take a time out


Before we get back to the games', brought to you by our Good friends over at Gametime. Can we look up and see what it costs to get into the Monday night football game in Lambo? Find it. Hank Football season's here. Guys, we can't wait to get out to some games with the help of Gametime. They're the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime Now with a brand new Gametime Picks feature, they're making it easier than ever to get to a game. Gametime picks filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats, so you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Plus, if you're trying to see the Organ Ducks and the Rose Bowl on New Year's Day, Gametime has an exclusive discount for you. This is the Rose Bowl, the granddaddy of 'em all. You can get 10% off tickets in the home, corners away, corners, and end zones only on Gametime making their great prices even better. Just select one of those zone deals and Gametime will choose your seats within the selected zone. Go out to the Rose Bowl. You will not regret going to the Rose Bowl. You'll have a great time. See that sunset in person, old school Rose Bowl type matchup. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Hank, what does it cost to get into Monday night Football? $109. $109 in the Cathedral of Football in Lambo Field. 109 bucks Monday Night Football. Use Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use promo code PMT. Get 20 bucks off your first purchase and get 10% off your Rose Bowl tickets. With Gametime terms apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT. Get 20 bucks off and you get that 10% off the Rose Bowl tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. What time is it? Gametime?


These games are also brought to you by our great friends over at Morgan and Morgan. Morgan and Morgan is America's number one largest injury law firm. We all know that 2024 has been wild so far. So let's talk about something important. If you get injured by a person, place, or thing, you deserve to get paid. Life can be crazy sometimes one person's negligence can result in another settlement. If you're in an accident, not calling a lawyer means you could be leaving money on the table when you're seriously hurt, your injury could be worth millions. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. They have over a hundred offices nationwide, more than a thousand lawyers. They've recovered over $20 billion for 500,000 clients. They have a proven track record. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is so easy. If you're ever injured, check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement.


Okay, Bengals 24, brown six. The Bengals still alive. Joe Burrow, that touchdown pass he made when he was falling down was so goddamn sick. And this was, we, we talked about this on Friday, but it was Joe Burrow's, DTR and DTR should probably not be playing quarterback in the NFL. Probably not. Probably not. And then Joe Burrow, what did, what does his teammate say about him? Like, that's not Batman. That's that motherfucker's Superman. Yeah. And I guess T Higgins said that. Yeah, T Higgins said he got, he got knocked down by his own player and was able to throw the ball with his body horizontal, his knee on the ground. And it just feels like the Bengals, I mean, there was nothing the Browns could do really with DTR as a quarterback. They couldn't put together A drive.


Well, the, the, I mean the, the start of the game, they ha they get a huge run from Jerome Ford. They get to goal line and he fumbles on like the, maybe the, the inch line. And it was like, all right, you c if you don't score there, it's not your day. And Joe Burrow, that was his seventh consecutive three td, 250 plus yard performance. That's the first quarterback ever to do that in the NFL. He now has 39 touchdowns, 4,229 yards. He leads the league in both. He's having an MVP season without the MVP because of the way the team is played, but they're still alive also.


Jamar Chase, I believe will get the Triple Crown. He's, I mean he, I know he just eclipsed 1500 yards. I feel like he has a hundred touchdowns. Yep. How many, what, what does he, He broke his own franchise record. He leads the NFL in receptions. He's got 108 Yep. Receiving yards with 1,510 and touchdown catches. So Yeah. For 16 Triple Crown. So he is defeated. Everybody in the NFL, including himself, he beat all of his own records from last year. Yeah. And he's, he's up, he's up four on the touchdowns. He's up, he's up a couple hundred yards. Yeah. It feels like he's gonna get, I guess the only thing that could be close is receptions. But he's, I mean, he's been incredible.


Yeah. So it's, and this is all, this season is gonna drive Bengals fans even crazier, although not dead. Again, week 17 is gonna be that game against the Broncos, which I believe is Saturday Hanks. Saturday football will be massive because if they win that game, now they, they desperately need The Steelers to beat the Chiefs, the Steelers to beat the Chiefs because the Chiefs will rest everyone. Although maybe they wouldn't, because that would be, I was thinking about it. If the Chiefs win on Christmas day and then they decide to rest their starters in week 18, Carson wins. That would be, I don't know exactly the exact amount of days I'm gonna look at it right now because it, it feels like it would be a massive amount of days.


It'd be one 14. I think it would be, it would be almost 25 days, 24 days that they would be resting rest Versus rust If they rested their starters and got the buy. That's a lot. That's, That is, that might be too much. Don't you agree? It's A lot. Because, well, that's also like a little mini buy for Andy Reed to cook on though. Right? He probably scheme something up in, in that week 18 game, even with his backups. True. True. But I, that's, that's, feels like that would be a shit load of time to, to having everyone sit out If Mahomes is, is dinged up at all after the Steelers game. They'll just sit 'em anyways. Yeah. If they win that game either Way.


The point is, the Bengals are still alive going into week 17, which at many points in the season thought wouldn't be possible. We said they were dead like five times A million times. And I don't know, there's nothing really to say about the Brown season because DTR is playing right now. So it's not even watchable Miles. Garrett, I, I guess to say this, miles Garrett the first player ever to get a hundred sacks before turning 29 years old. That's pretty cool. Pretty good. And he also probably wants to trade, he, And you know what I say, trade him. Dude. I, I don't know why anyone would have any problem with that when he's, he's such an incredible player and he's like, yeah, I don't really want, I like, I'm 20, I'm about to be 29. Don't really wanna be here for a rebuild.


Because if I'm here for a rebuild, by the time I'm like 33 and we're rebuilding, I don't, I don't know if I'll still have it. I mean, most of his career has been for rebuild. Right. That's what's so infuriating. He, he should not, I wouldn't wanna do that if, again, if I were him, hell no. Hell no. Setting free. Yeah. I, I I I would love, I would love to see the Bengals somehow crash party. Yeah. It's gonna be, I think, I think they still need the cults to lose and the Dolphins to lose. So they still need a lot of help. But again, they're still playing for something, which is cool. 'cause that's really what it, like I wanna see Joe Burrow and Jamar Chase still playing for something Just from a a, a pure enjoyment standpoint. Stefanski not playing Jamis. I guess he's got a bad a badge shoulder, right?


Yeah. So we're going with a shoulder excuse. But at least in games where you're coaching Jamis Winston, it makes you use your imagination as a head coach. 'cause he gets you into some jams that you wouldn't normally be in. Right. And you have to figure your way out of him. Right. And then you can actually use the whole playbook and have him throw the ball down field. It's gotta be a lot more fun to coach him than it is to coach DTR. Yeah. So hopefully once he's healthy, put 'em back in. Yeah, Put 'em back in. Get 'em back in. I don't think they're gonna put 'em back in, but get 'em back in. Make us, make us like enjoy watching Browns games, please. Yeah. For a, for the ratings. We Really appreciate for our, for our personal enjoyment. I'll be, I'll be selfish. Yeah. I want it for myself. I want it For the, for the good of the league. Yeah.


For the good of the league. Yeah. And ourselves. Yeah, There. Listen, there's probably like 50 or 61st time watchers every weekend for Browns games. Yeah. I've never seen a, a football game before. And They want to see Jam Jamis. They want, let's give them a show. Let them see Jameis. Let them see Jameis. Okay, moving on. Next up Colts 38. Titans 30. This was a crazy game. Oh. Oh, we got a touchdown. No, we gotta pick the bucks. Have found every single way to fuck up this game. That was crazy. That's bad. That was crazy. All right. Actually we're gonna do the Lions Bears. I was gonna do the Colts Titans because I thought the Bucks were gonna maybe score and I wanted to half watch see if Mike Evans so we could get the TD Parlay for the people.


But that doesn't look like it's in the cards tonight, because that was an insane interception. How do you intercept that? The Cowboys? No one wants to play this Cowboys team. No one's gonna have to play this Cowboys team after week 18. But no one wants to play the Cowboys team. That was crazy. Just took it away from all the way down. Oh no. Do you have to play the Cowboys team? Yeah, I'll be there though. Oh, okay. Are you gonna save the season? You have to play the Cowboys season. I'm Gonna save. Yeah. Wait, so you just said that to you just Said No, I seriously, no, I, I was saying that because they're like actually playing decent football right now. Alright. Lions 34 Bears 17. I don't know what to say other than the Lions just clowned us, which I expected.


But the fake, the fake fumble play that Jared and Ben Johnson cooked up, that was extra clowning. And Then it's crazy. Like how, how many more trick plays does Ben Johnson have? If he's, if he's asking his quarterback, Hey, can you accidentally on purpose fumble the ball during ball fumble the play, and then fall down and then stand up and throw? Like, that is not a, that's not a play that a normal sane person would use in a matchup. No offense. Big Cat. No. In a matchup against the Bears. No offense taken. I mean they well, they said they liked the look against the Bears. I, alright, so here's what I'm hoping Ben Johnson was just, he's just trying to make the Bears pay even more money for him by it's negotiation.


Because there was a report that he's intrigued by the Bears, which I don't even like, I he might be just intrigued, like, how can they be so bad? I meant How has this franchise been around for 105 years and been this bad? But He also said he likes the sound of Caleb Williams pass. He likes to wi the ball. How the ball whistles. Yeah. Loves his balls. It would be funny if he came out and was just like, yeah, when I said I was intrigued by the Bears, I was literally just like, how is this possible? We all should be intrigued by the Bears. How, how have they never had a 4,000 yard passer 105 years in the league to Invent a new genre of play the stumble ruski and then pull it off? It just the balls that it takes to do that. And they're good enough to execute it. It's crazy.


And Then, so it was, so When, when we were, when we were saying last week, like, I don't know how much new stuff the, the Lions can try on offense with all the injuries they have defensively, how many more games can they keep winning? I think Ben Johnson just has a never ending bag of tricks. Cheapest bag. And then to add insult to injury, I did text our good friend Jared Goff, and I said, was the fake trip play necessary? And he replied, sorry, big guy. Next year is the year, Hey, Big guide you. Which I've also thought about this. Maybe he knows his offensive coordinators going to the Bears. That's why he said next year's the year. Or he was just saying that to get your hopes up at That also could be the case.


Yeah. I don't know. I mean the, the, the, the Bears suck. The defense is awful now. Caleb was, I mean, he, he had a nice pass. Keenan Allen, I don't really know. I mean they just, the whole team just bums me out so much. Do you think the big guy was meant as like a pat on the head? I think he's probably saying I'm fat. Yeah. Yeah. It is what it is. It's tough. Yeah. I mean the whole, I mean we, the b the Bears are a four win team that kicked a field goal down 20 points on fourth and seven from the 12th. Thomas Brown. There's the door. Well, they, yeah, they don't really have a coach. He should be coaching up in the booth. He should be coaching up in the Booth. The head put the head coach up in the booth. Let's see what happens.


It's, it's, it's hard. I just wanted to end And we have to play one more game on national television on Thursday night. But the Lions deserve all the credit. They, they bounce, they get off the mat. There's seven and oh on the road this year, which I know there's, you know, talk like, can the Lions go on the road? Yeah, they can. They're seven. Oh, on the road. Jamir Gibbs also answered the bell of like, can he, can he be the guy? Because he carried the ball 23 times at 109 yards. So yeah. The Lions are just, that's how a good team bounces back. That's what a good team looks like when they, when they get punched in the mouth, they come and take care of business. And it was never in doubt. And Jared go, like it was never in doubt Has has learned how to defeat the cold. Yeah. The narrative's over. He looks gr he looked great today. And the, and the only, the only, the only thing that was the, the only cold that bothered him is I, I thought for a second that Dan Campbell's nose was gonna fall off.


He had the reddest nose of all time. It was very, very red. Yeah. You could tell that shit was running probably crusting over a little bit. Yeah. The lion are just very, very good. And, and their defense. I know they have some no names, but they, they played well. And so yeah, I just want this season to end. The only thing I'm, I'm rooting for now is that I want Caleb to, so he's the first rookie quarterback in Bears History to go over 3000 yards. I'm hoping that he can somehow, I think he'd have to throw 364 yards twice. So average 360 4 yards to break the all time record for Bears rushing, or sorry, passing yards in a season. That's all I'm rooting for. For defeat the graphic. Yeah. The, the Bears.


This is, so Caleb went over 3000 yards. That is the 13th time. The Bears have had a, a passer over 3000 yards in their 105 year history. To put that in perspective, Matt Ryan and Eli Manning both have 14 seasons over 3000 yards. So Matt, Ryan and Eli Manning by themselves have more 3000 yards than a team playing football for 105 years. That's pretty crazy. So right now you guys are, are drafting ninth. Yeah. This is the worst year to be bad because every so team Is bad teams. Every team's really bad. Yeah. Have you thought about what direction you're going in the draft? I would like an offensive lineman, but I don't know if there's gonna be one there. So then just take defensive line, whatever it ha whatever, whatever the draft pick is, it has to say line Take a big guy Has to be line.


That's it. It just has to be line with a letter in front of it. That's it. Okay. Nothing else. If you, if you tell me anything else, I'm sending it back. And Ryan polls should probably not be the one making the pick. 'cause there's some things that have just listen, I like the guy personally, but we took a project thir in the third round who can't even be on the field From Yale. Yeah. And then we took a punter in the fourth round. Who I like Tory Taylor. 'cause he had a sick punt today. But aren't You glad you took Tory Taylor? Yeah. Maybe not. Maybe, probably could have used an offensive lineman. Yeah. He's A pretty good punter. Congrats to the Lions though.


13 wins is the most in the history of the franchise in a single season. So that's pretty awesome. And yeah, they keep rolling. Yeah. And they, they have endless trick plays that will just keep coming out. And I'm hoping that was Ben Johnson showing. I mean, the McCaskey, even if he was showing the McCaskey what to do, like they, they don't know. I Don't see, I'm kind of with you that that might have been more of a no negotiation thing. Yeah. Like he Knows price Just went up. He knows they want 'em. That Was another million dollars that Trick out. But, but now look what I can do. Right, right. You're gonna have to pay a premium again. Take out the sorry big guy part. Next year's, the year Ben Johnson might've told Jared like, Hey, I'm gonna go to the Bears. This Bears the last dance. Yeah. I'm going to the Bears. Yeah. I'm intrigued by, I wanna see just how dysfunctional this organization could be.


I wanna hear his balls whistling by my ears all day. Hear, hear those balls. All right. Cults 38, Titans 30. This was a crazy game. And the fact that it started seven nothing Titans then it was 38 7 cults, then it was 38, 30 final. But I'd, I'd say, because this game doesn't really have a lot of meaning. I know the culture technically still alive. This game was the game. And everyone knows this. Listening to this right now, every year in the fantasy playoffs, there's one guy who, if you have him, you won. And if you went against him, you lost. And it's just cut and dry. Black and white as as clear as that. And that was Jonathan Taylor this year, this was the year.


If you go, you could have the best team in the world. And you go up against Jonathan Taylor today who had 218 yards and three touchdowns and you're gone. Well Also, if you went up against Jonathan Taylor last week, you probably won. Yeah. Like a lot of Jonathan Taylor teams got bounced last week. Yeah. And we're, this is probably like a big consolation prize game. Well I Have, I have Jonathan Taylor and her team. I had a buy. Okay. Yeah. Congrats. So you could have A buy. Congrats with Jonathan Taylor. So Jerry had Anthony Richardson starting for us today. Mm. J-O-J-O-C-J-O-C. And it's gonna be a big Monday night game for the boys. Mm. We need Brandon McManus to get 13 points. Okay. Can that? And we, and then we advanced to the finals. He can do that, Jerry.


He can Do that. Give him a pump up speech. Jerry. Yeah. Anthony Richardson. His stat line was very funny. Today he was seven for eleven, a hundred thirty one yards. A touchdown and interception, but did have also 70 Russian yards. Yeah. It felt like when he threw the interception, Shane Steichen was like, no, we're done. We're done throwing today. We're not doing this anymore. So one thing I noticed on, on both of Taylor's long touchdown runs and Richardson's long run Quentin Nelson. You remember him? Yeah. He's Beast. He's still beast. He Fucking awesome beast. And he's still just beer Games, Bowling people over, just destroying people out there. Yeah. Very fun to hang out with at beer games. Beer Olympics. He's one of those guys where you stand next to him and he, this is a different species than I am.


Fun Fact, I chugged faster than Chick Quentin Nelson at Beer Olympics. That's fine. I I told literally the whole place probably too many times. 'cause I was drunk. That's a Off of three beers. That's A man. Yeah. And Quentin Nelson was like, okay, dude, you've said this to me 17 times. Why are you so drunk off three beers, But a sneaky fun game. Yeah. Yeah. This was, it was, it was up and down fun game. The so the only, so the cults are technically still alive. What do the cults have to win out? And then they have to have the Broncos lose out and I don't know. Can you, can you do that for me real quick? The cults Still alive. Yeah. I I also, we, we are, we should have mentioned this on Friday, but Anthony Richardson is on Tebow watch. I dunno if you knew that.


So he's at 47.7% completion percentage this year. Tebow ha Tebow has the worst completion percentage for a starting quarterback in the season at 46.5%. So today actually was a good day for Anthony Richardson. 'cause he went seven for 11. Okay. The Colts can make the playoffs if they went out and the Chargers lose out. Okay. So the Chargers would need to lose to the Raiders. And the Patriots got it. Probably not gonna happen. Probably not gonna happen. Probably not Gonna happen. But it could Also Mason Rudolph. Not the guy. Not the guy. You were going for a spark. He's not a spark Mason. Rudolph, we've, we've seen enough Mason Rudolph to know that. That's not a Spark guy.


No, he's not a spark. This game was a spark. This game was more fun than we expected it to be when we were getting ready for this slate. But yeah, Mason Rudolph not the spark. But you know what, the Colts are gonna remember that they played the Titans. Yeah. They're gonna be like, I I know we remember that. I know who we just played. We Remember that shit. Titans go to two and 13 also. Really? Two and 13 against the spread. Sorry. Are they two and 13 as well? No, three and 12. Three and 12. But they're two and 13 against the spread. It's not great when you say your team's not soft and then you give up 335 yards rushing. But you know what, because I like Brian Callahan positive side.


His team was down 38 7 and they did not give up. That's true. That's not a soft team. That's True. They kept Fighting. That is not a soft team. They Kept fighting. Yeah. So when they come off the field, they know they just played us. Yeah, Exactly. Listen, they there's gonna be no mistaking. We were only able to do that against the Titans. Remember the Titans? Okay. Do we have anything else from the Colts Titans? I don't think so. We're, we're watching Baker Mayfield try to get the, the bucks down the field to maybe get Mike Evans Evans touchdown. Which would be incredible. Incredible, incredible. But I don't think it's gonna happen. It's gonna happen. I don't It's gonna happen. It's gonna happen. How Are they gonna happen? Do you want to, you wanna announce it Hank here? 'cause they're, they're going fast enough that we could just, you could just say it.


Yeah. The Bucks have the ball somewhere near the Red Zone. We could do our, our recap of this game while we do this. Baker Mayfield snaps. He drops back. He's looking at Mike Evans. He fakes. Is he crush it all night? Mike Evans complete to not Mike Evans. Yeah. The, the, I'm, I'm impressed that the Cowboys did not give up. How about Ezekiel le getting a touchdown, huh? Yeah. Just rolling them out there being like, Hey Zeke, you've been around. Give it, get up for the hometown fans real quick. Let you take one best B for 'em. It's Christmas Time. It was bad. Let's give It's been a bad game for the Bucks. It's been a bad game for the Bucks. But I, again, I'm I'm more impressed that the, that the Cowboys just have not given up. Like they've, they have no reason to play and they've kind of been playing good football recently.


Yeah. I do think that McCarthy saves his job a couple weeks ago. I do too. And, and Jerry and Jerry can be like, Hey, you know what? Win before Christmas feels like the win before Christmas means more counts as a double win. So Jerry always does the opposite of what we think he's gonna do. We've we've pre-fire Mike McCarthy several times on this podcast. Yeah. And then Jerry's kept him around. Is this, but Remember We are, we're saying McCarthy has done enough to stay around. We and then Jerry's like, we gotta move on. We've said This before, but like Jerry Jones from the nineties is not Jerry Jones of the last, you know, 20 years. He kept Jason Garrett around for five years too long. Maybe We've just got Jerry wrong. Maybe we just can't get inside that head of his He, Mike McCarthy's a great coach.


It could all be true. Alright, ready? Hank? Yeah. There was an injury on the field. The Bucks are huddled up. They're gonna call the Mike Evans play. You sure Score touchdown. Yeah. This is it. They really need to, they Really, really need to. Steven Cha is watching in the other room being like, we're the game's not over. He's been saying that for the last three hours. 26 17 Dallas with 2 43 Remaining. And the Bucks only have two timeouts. So they have to score before the two minute warning to have any chance of possibly winning this game. And they just showed the graphic in the Bucks. Losing this game is very detrimental to their right chances of making Playoffs. 'cause right now the Falcons would have, they'd be ahead of em.


They would be ahead of him. Alright, Here we go. You'd have to, you'd have to beat the Falcons for Stephen Shea. Mike Evans bottom screen. Baker Manfield snaps the ball slot. He looks at Baker. He's throwing it to him. That's not Him. That's not Mike. Touchdown bucks. Whoever the fuck. That's not Scott Miller. S Scotty Miller. That would be Scotty Miller right now. I'm sorry. Ryan Miller. Ryan Miller. Scotty Miller. Scotty Miller's on the Steelers. Yeah. We knew that. It's not, that's not fair to us to have two. Another Miller also Hardworking. Scrappy. That's also where Mike, Kevin usually is. Right. Catching touchdowns. Yes. Fuck. Damn Hank. Alright. Alright. We'll go to the next game. Now declared onside kick coming up for the bucks.


Or do they kick a deep? I think we, oh No, they could kick a deep Yeah. Two time outs together. Two time out In the two minute warning you could kick it deep. What would the pussy thing to do be? What Would would the wrong decision be? I don't know. And also, Hank, they're not gonna, they're not gonna go for a touchdown. So that's out. Yeah. I think the wrong thing to do Yeah. Would be to onside kick it. No, I, yeah. I think you gotta kick it deep because you can win with a field Goal. That means that Todd Bull's gonna onside kick it. Yeah, Probably. Yeah. That's definitely what's gonna happen. Okay. Rams 19. Jets nine. This game was weird. Very Strange. The Jets opened the game with a 99 yard touchdown drive.


They did not punt a single time this game. And they scored nine points. They're The first team in 25 years to not punt and score fewer than 10 points. Yeah. How did that happen? Memes, This game was incredible. Yeah. Memes said that they're the most electric watch. Yeah. Well, I, I noticed we're the most entertaining team in football. I noticed team made, that's Just not true. Put out a post. Not from a football perspective saying that they turned into the greatest show on turf today. No, no, no. When the Jets get eliminated from the playoffs, they turned into The, they scored nine points. Yeah. They scored nine points And then they didn't score after I, I press in on that tweet. Ah, there Was a great drive. It was a great drive. So, yeah. So what happened today? Memes, The weather happened. A lot of wind.


A lot of drops. That's pretty much it. Okay. Fireman Ed. Fireman Ed continues to be banned from the jumbotron. Yeah. Fireman Ed made the game about himself as soon as we lost. What'd he say? He Put up a post saying like, I once again, I've been frozen out from the jumbo tron. Yeah. They keep, they keep squeezing him out from the jumbo tron. Yeah. Very sad. I, we need to, we need to get in touch with firemen Ed not to talk to him or have him on the show, but just to then get him in touch with Marlon's, man. Okay. Here we go. Because I feel like they need to talk to each other. 'cause if Fireman Ed was like, Hey, I got squeezed out. Marlon's man would be like, dude, same with me. Jets Nation. I'm at the game, but this is the second home game in a row.


I'm not included on the jumbotron to do the chant with the Scott and Jet man. Oh Man, They froze him out. That's crazy. What he needs. He needs to pull a Tebow and like rescue somebody in the stands having a medical emergency. Yeah. And then Jet then Jet Man is sitting over there with his thumb up his ass. And Fireman Ed steps into action. Saves a life. That would be nice. Yeah. I'm gonna need a statistic on how many games we've won with Fireman Ed on the jumbotron and not Probably bad both ways. Yeah. Yeah. If I had to guess the Rams are a very big issue for my pinky because they're gonna win the NFC West now.


They, they control their own destiny. And they have gone from a one in four team to a, what are they, nine and six? So they're eight and two in their last 10. They're one of the hottest teams in in the NFL. What's Kind of crazy is, although you don't think of Sean McVay as being a, a cold weather coach, they're kind of built for it a little bit. Now they're just running the football like Kyron Williams. He's so consistent. Yeah. He's just always out there getting just enough to win And, and their defense played well. And it was cool to see Tyler Higg be back from his ACL injury. This is his first game. Back scores, game winning touchdown. Nice. Jump into the end zone. Yeah.


I mean, this is a bummer to watch memes. I don't know how they could be exciting in any way. I'll give credit to memes when they missed that fuel goal. Memes correctly was like, yes. That's good. Yes. I also knew they were gonna miss It was a four nine yard fuel goal into the wind. Wind. Yeah. Yeah. And you want them to lose. Yes. I think it was a perfect game up until ou ano got hurt. He hurt his foot. How bad. And then it was like, why the fuck no, we don't know. But a lot of people thought it was his Achilles. Oh no. But it, it's his foot. And So right now you have the eighth pick. This really is the worst year to be bad. You're four and 11 and you have the eighth pick. But I think, I think this is actually good for the Jets though. Okay, Go ahead.


Jamis Bridge quarterback. Bridge quarterback. But there's so many bad quarterbacks. You let the other teams take that so it limits your options. Then you get the good quarterback. No, no, no. None of these quarterbacks. You're Not taking a quarterback this year? Not, not in the first round. Okay. Because one shado cam ward, once they go, it's going to Yeah. Yeah. Then you need that third team to take the reach quarterback. Yep. So that limits you to take the best player available. Hopefully a D line that drops Mikel Williams would rock or Mason Graham. A lot of people say we have Mason Graham. I want him, I want him The Jet. The Bears have lost nine in a row and have the ninth pick. Yeah. We're I, its crazy. That's, that's insane.


It's crazy. Like we, the Bears are like the worst team in football right now. We accidentally tanked, but we have the ninth pick. Like, I, it's, it's, I think someone tweeted it, but like the A four win team last year at this time would have like the third pick. How many wins did you guys have last year? I think we had four. Yeah, you had the second pick. It's crazy. So I'm looking at what's the, the teams that are now with four wins and three wins. Do any of 'em play each other? I'm not sure I would. Does Jacksonville play Tennessee Again? Yes, they do. Yes. That is that. That's gonna be a big game. Oh My God. Oh, you could hear Steven Shea go screaming. Oh, I don't think that was actually potential fumble either way.


Third down, stop by the bucks. They're gonna get the ball back A minute and 50 left. No time out. Yeah. There's no way that Was a fumble. No, there's no way freaking Out For no Reason. He is, he, he is somehow watches so much football and still doesn't really know how football works. I, it's actually, he knows how football works. He just always takes the most optimistic view of things, even though the facts are right in front of his face. I can Hear what he's saying. I'm pretty sure I just heard him scream. Fuck. 'cause he realized that it wasn't A fumble. It it was never a fumble. He was always, he was always down. He couldn't have been more down. Also always crazy that Vita Vey does not wear gloves. It was funny watching him. That was, he was slow down. Jake Ferguson was laying on the ground.


Like that's, that's what Steven Cha does though, where he'd be like, ball. He's like, dude, are you watching this? It was very funny watching him tackle Turpen in the first half. Yeah. He's like the smallest player on the field. And by far the biggest player on the field. Yeah. The, so the bucks have a chance here. All right. So Rams are dangerous. I don't know. They're gonna what? I don't think so. Why not? In the cold? You need them to play Philly. In Philly. Okay. They Just beat Matt Stafford had a hundred yards. Yeah. Kyron Williams ran the Football 'cause he didn't pun. And we would just go in. We would, we would go for it inside our own third. I did like that Jeff Ulbrich was just like, fuck it, this season is over. He was basically coaching it like a bowl game.


Yeah. It was incredible. He was just like, I'm going for it all the time. I don't care. Except the field goal at the end. Yeah. Yeah. The the not punting thing is a little bit of a fake stat because I think a lot of teams would've punted a few times. Yeah. Yeah. No, there was only 'cause they did go, they went for it on the, on in the red zone. Yep. I think they only went for it on their own side of the, the, They went a couple times, Like maybe twice. The Field goal at the end. Yeah. Was Off Turnover on Downs. Yeah. It was kind of, yeah, it was fun to watch Big Three. Turnover on Downs. Three. Turnover on Downs. But how many were on their own side? How many were the, like, would've been punting? Definitely Two. That was, oh my God.


He's screaming. Mike Heard What a Play. Mike. Kevin's Bomb. Something big is about to happen. Oh man. We're about to watch it. Maybe it's a Mike Evan's touchdown. That would be incredible. Oh. Oh Baker. That was a crazy play by Baker. Oh. Little shovel pass. Rashad White. That was a pretty nice play. Oh, they fumble. Oh they fumbled. Oh, they fumbled. They fumbled. That's very funny. Was he screaming about that? No. He said I heard what a play. And then he probably got quiet once the Oh my, once the happened. This is, this is chaotic. Yeah. Wait, First out Dallas Cowboy was ball game over.


How was he knocked down? They did all that to get that. A fumble. Oh, he was holding the ball like a loaf of bread. Yeah. I think he was. I think that was a fumble. Let's see. Here comes the replay. This is great podcasting by the way. That is a fumble. It pauses out. Game over. Tell Steven Che to get in here. Okay. I wanna hear a recap real quick. Just to two seconds. I want to, because I bet on the Bucks I want yell at him. Ball security's very important in this league. And the Bucks just didn't do that. Memes. That was so, so Jets are most electric team.


Most entertaining. Most entertaining team. Most entertaining team. Yeah. It's like a choose your own adventure. When, when you watch 'em, you never know where you're gonna get. Well, I think you do kind of. Yeah. So when they're Gonna lose, You're gonna go to Buffalo. Maybe play spoiler. No. Okay. No, But Electric. Electric, yes. Shootout. Probably not. Yeah, Probably Not. Patriots played 'em too close. Now we're gonna get fucking Yeah. Killed. Stomped. How can you be electric if no shootout Electric in the sense that you don't know what's gonna happen. Okay. Yeah. You don't know what's gonna happen. What the fuck? I mean, you gotta hold onto the ball, Steven. No shit.


How do we have A timeout right now? Did NBC not fucking update the score? Graphic? What? Steven, what? You, you couldn't have thought that that was a fumble by Jake Ferguson. What? The, the play before the, the Cowboys. When they, when Vito vey hit him. You thought that was a fumble? No, no, no. Oh, okay. He's gonna talk to the mic. All right. You gotta talk in the mic. Are we recording something? Yeah, we're, we're in the middle of the show. Oh, Okay. I mean this is fucking, they're fucking un victory formation. What the fuck? Oh, this was brutal. Did you see Vita hit Stick on third down? Yeah. Did you think that was a fumble? No, But it was fucking sick play. Yeah. Where would you say tonight went wrong? Che, I mean Million Turners.


The Jalen McMillan. That was a touchdown and or he's down at the one The interception. The interception. Yeah. Yeah. No, he intercepted him. I thought that at least deserved a review. I guess they did review it, but They definitely reviewed it. They needed a second Review. Yeah. I mean, where it went wrong, the, the, the, That was your biggest thing that you take away in all Touch up. And I, and I tweeted this out when it happened. Bucks drive it down into the first half, 54 seconds left. They get a first down. They've one time out left. They're on the 11 yard line. It's first and 10 from the 11. They called a timeout with 54 seconds left. That's crazy. It was their last time out. Yeah. So you have nothing left. They score the next play. Yeah. So they give the ball back 48 seconds left the Cowboys go down and kick a field goal so we don't get, you know, just the seven point touchdown.


We then go in, you know, that score difference goes from seven to four And we lose by two points. So yeah. I think things went wrong there. Yeah. So You need to beat the Panthers next week. I want, I need you guys to handle business. But now things get really weird because if you guys, if the Falcons win And we win, then you and I are now duking it out for the seventh spot. No, No, I don't think so. The Fal, we have a tie break against you. Oh Yeah. I guess it's the Falcons win. If The Falcons win and you win next week, we're still in the seventh spot. But then Would be in the seventh spot, but then it's gonna come down to the last week. Then It would come down to the last week. Oh wow. Where Oh wow. You've got the Saints.


Yeah. Probably a win. Yeah. And then we've got the Cowboys. And the Cowboys Are playing well and hate you guys. If they beat us then That's horrible. Yeah. What? Yeah. Does this room Christmas Knocks us out? Yeah. I mean this is horrible. I also had a giant future ticket on the Bucks parlayed with two other division winners that I could have cashed out and I didn't. Yeah. So this is bad. But I mean it's not, it's certainly not over. I knew this would be a tough game, but this was bad. Brandon Aubrey is a fucking weapon. Every time they got, every Single time Anywhere near midfield, he's kicking it right down the middle. And he, And he does it like so effortlessly. Yeah. Like no doubt. Fuel wheel. As soon as it touches his toe, it's like right down the middle. All They have to do is get to the 75.


Yeah. All they have to do is get to the 40 yard line. It's three points. This is really deflating though, because when the buck stopped him right there on third down, it's like we're about to fucking win the game. Yeah. We're take first and maybe Mike Evans would get 10 more yards If he got 11. Luke Blattman was one yard away from a 10 leg parlay, Whatever we were. It's the whole, the whole night sucked. It was Bad. Alright. It's great. Well you should feel bad. You ruined. This is horrible. It's neat. Little shovel pass by Baker though at the end. Right. So that play, I was thinking in real life, the Bucks tweeted out from their official account 25 years ago this week it was Bucks fan, super Bucks. Fans probably don't remember this. There's a play on Monday night Football. Sean King to Warwick done where he's getting dragged around by his jersey, shovels it to work done.


He gets like 20 yards in a first step or no war done shovels it to Sean King. He goes outta bounds to get, gets clocked 15 yards. They go on to win that game because of that play. It was 25 years ago this week. That was a very similar play. And then I'm just freaking out because he is about to get sacked, gets a great shovel pass forward and then all of a sudden I'm seeing a guy and the Cowboys run to the ends of like, what the fuck just happened? I'm unfortunately very clear that it was a fumble base. Yeah. Rashad White should probably have gone high and tight there. Tough situation. But yes. I mean he, he was holding it loose and then he did bring it in, but it, he got stripped. I mean the Cowboys, the Cowboys, if they're gonna play lights out, special teams and just get three every time they cross midfield and they're, they got four takeaways I think tonight like that.


That's a tough situation for us to win in. Yeah. Okay. Thank you Steven. Thanks Jay. Good recap. Yeah, it sucks. It's brutal. It's over. Hey. Hey. I'll beat the Falcons for you. Yeah, if you could Do that, that'd be great. You got it. That would actually be better than us winning tonight. So. Oh, that'd be better than you be winning Tonight. I always wanna win. I'd rather win. That's Just me. I mean, Retroactively. Yeah. No, that's just me. That's stupid. Okay. D up Panthers. Hank, that's, that sucked. We're stupid Panthers 36. Cardinals 30. I don't really have anything from the scheme other than, well the Cardinals are officially eliminated the Panthers, it's crazy to say because the Cardinals were six and four going into the bye week and they're one in four after that.


They look, they were top of the NFC West. They played the Panthers today. And this might just be way too knee jerk, but I think I'm buying more Panthers stock than Cardinal Stock going forward. So do you think Jonathan Gannon's safe? I don't know. I he might not be. Is Kyler Murray the franchise quarterback? So they had, I think they had seven penalties in the first quarter. The Cardinals have stunk. Re I mean James Conner getting hurt did hurt, did did fuck things up. 'cause he was going off and he had 111 yards in the first half. But I don't, Kyler Murray, like I know he has incredible plays, but I don't know if I feel so confident about him just going forward.


I don't know. So he's now eight and 14 in December. Mm. So it's, and that was like a Cliff Kingsbury statue. Yeah. Still might be. I don't know. But yeah, Murray has not looked good at all the last couple weeks and yeah. Bryce Young, you know what? I'm amazed by his touch passes now. Yeah. Because he, he had absolutely no feel for the football. Oh, nice. Bryce until like a month ago. He's pulling up the trade, The trade right now with, I'd still rather have all those picks on that side. I just, it was, And I think that Caleb Williams is better than Bryce Young. It was a topic of conversation today, so. Got it. I thought maybe We could talk, talk about that. Who was having the conversation? Barcel Sports Twitter. Oh, Okay. Big Cat. Would you rather have Bryce Young or DJ Moore?


Darnell Wright. Caleb Williams. Tyre Wrighton. Oh, Tyre Stevenson did kind of, that is a sliding doors moment. Yeah. I'd still rather have, You'd rather take Caleb. Yeah. 'cause we're probably gonna get a future hall of Famer with the second round pick this year. There you go. Yeah. Did you want to, did you want to have this be a topic conversation right now? I Don't know. You, you like to have topics of conversations? I, We can, but just you, you passively pulling it up. Like say something with your chest buddy. It's not my show. Say something with your chest. It don't just, it's not my show. I don't put put stuff up on the, on the, you could make on the computer. You could Decision talk about it or Not. No. Say it with your chest. Let's Go. I'm just saying. Say it then I thought I wanted you to say it.


No, no. People don't wanna, you say you don't care about what I have to say about it. Say they care about what you have to say About it. You say, I would still rather have the bearer's side of this trade. There you go. What would you rather have? 'cause you pulled it up. Probably for people who don't understand who listening to the podcast. There's a computer monitor right in front of me and PFT and Max will sometimes scroll like Sidney Sweeney tits just outta nowhere. Nope. He, as we started the Panthers recap, he just went and scrolled and pulled up the Panthers Bears Trade. But then didn't say anything as passive aggressive as it gets. What do you think about this Max? I think that I would probably still rather be on the bear side. But it's a, it's a discussion that was, that was left the biggest haul.


It's A discussion. Yes. Because you're making it the discussion right now. I didn't make this discussion. Barlow sports main account tweeted what a great trade for the Panthers with the trade and it got 23,000 likes on Twitter. Well, Oh no shit. LOL Bears gets instant memes back me up here. Discussion numbers. Yeah. Any dunk on the Bears? The, the Ty Stevenson thing is wild. Yeah, that part is, that part hurts. That that is a, that is a sliding door moment. I, I still am going to take Kle Williams over Bryce Young going forward. I still, I I am impressed with Bryce Young and what he's done and I do think the Panthers have a quarterback going forward. I think I, which is crazy. I'm kind Of impressed with canals. Yeah.


Big time. I mean, Bryce Young looks good. He was dropping dimes. I'm Impressed with David Tepper. But memes back me up if you post anything that's LOL Bears. It's instant. Yeah. Lol Bears ll Jets. It's like instant. Just spawns. Yeah. Alright. Good. Good topic of conversation. Good Producing Max. Well next time when you produce, actually say it instead of just putting up, I can't interrupt your conversation. Yes, you, yes you can. I can't do that. Okay. I've never, I Don't even, is this the, the Panthers have, wait, so it's, since Bryce came back, they're almost 500 since Bryce came back. They are, That's they're three and four since the buy week and three of their four losses were by one possession to division leaders.


Although, I guess the Bucks aren't division leaders anymore. But yeah, they're playing good ball and they're, they're building something and it feels like their future, which was nothing, you know, a like a month and a half ago is actually something now I think Bryce Young is the starter next year. Dave Canals has proven that he's a good coach. 'cause he took a, a horrific situation and has made them a competitive football team. And yeah, I think the panther, like they're also playing in a division that no one's, no one's incredible right now. I think they're gonna win one of these next two. I think they're gonna be either the Falcons I do too. I think they're gonna be spoilers. Yeah, absolutely.


Yeah. I mean, I'm impressed with the Panthers. Yeah. I think Bryce Young is good. They're Prob they're the ones I'd still, I'd still take Kle Williams. Would You rather play the Panthers or the Cowboys Now I can say both things. What Would you rather play? The Panthers or the Cowboys? The Cowboys or No, the Panthers, Because the Cowboys beat the Panthers just Beat the shit outta the Panthers. Yeah. But that was also the Panthers being favorites, which wasn't fair to the Panthers. That's not the Panthers. They shouldn't have done that. That was actually very mean to the Panthers. But Yeah, I I think they're they're prime for spoiler season right now. Yeah. And then the Cardinals are dead and I don't really know what their future is. I don't know. See, I don't know if I'm saying sticks around. I'm Saying future stock. Yeah. Right now I would buy the Panther stock over the Cardinal stock.


That's crazy to say. Maybe, maybe, maybe it's too in the moment. Would you buy it? You buy the Panthers. Panthers over the Cardinals? A hundred percent. Yeah. Going forward. Which is nuts because if you said that to me, if you said that to someone six weeks ago, you'd be like, what are you talking about? Are you, are you crazy? I don't know. It's close. It's close for me. I just don't, I I kind of, I mean it's the two short kings and I've, we've seen a lot of Kyler Murray, But Kyle's thicker, There's some great flashes. I don't know, maybe It's, I take Kyler September, October, November, Bryce in December.


And I know that this Cardinals roster isn't stacked and it's not all on Kyler, but if you're paying him that much money and you're six and four, he feels like, and especially the fact that he's been in the league for, I think, what is this, his fifth year, sixth year like this felt like a stretch that Kyler could've ascended a little bit and carried the pan, the Cardinals to a Playoffs spot and they'd just fallen on their face. Is is Marvin Harrison Jr. Awesome. I don't know. I don't know if he is or not. Yeah, I'm not sure. He hasn't really, you'd like to see a little bit more outta Marvin Harrison Jr. You'd probably like to see a little bit more outta Marvin Harrison Jr. But yeah, if, if Connor doesn't get hurt, I mean this game went to overtime. Yeah. So it's not like the, the Panthers are leaps and bounds ahead of the Cardinals.


No. Agreed. So it was a close game. You were down, your starting running back one of your best players. But the, but Panthers also did come out to a pretty big lead, but yeah, It just seems like things have not, they haven't gone well recently for the, for the Cardinal Cardinals. The Cardinals, yeah. We, where they were six and four going to the bi week and I was like, they're impressing me. Turns out they had just beaten the Bears and the Jets and I think the Patriots How much time That should have been the sign. How much time do you think is gonna be spent on Arizona Sports Talk radio, talking about Gannon and whether or not he should stick around? I think it's gonna be about Kyler. You think so? Yeah. I mean, Gayden's only on year two. Yeah. So I, I think he's probably gonna have, and, and I mean they've, they are better than they were year one.


What did they finish last year? What was their last year? They were very year. I mean, they, they were picking what, fourth, so they were pretty bad last year. So they're definitely, they've gone in the right direction if you wanna just go Wins and losses Overall Yeah. Overall in the season. But recently it feels like it's been a lot worse. Yeah. I don't, I I I think he probably is. Okay. I'm just saying more as Kyler as like you're, this is the guy for the future maybe. I don't know. I I have no idea. I can't, I feel like we're six years into Kyler and I, I still don't know. Yeah. There's sometimes where I'm like, oh my God, there's no one like him. And there's sometimes like, what's that? That interception he threw in the, they got the, with like three and a half minutes left. They got the ball back.


But that was so bad. I also think he throws some of the saddest interceptions. Yeah. He gets very down on himself right after he throws 'em. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Last early game. Falcons 34. Giants seven. Michael Pennix, instant offense. First time Atlanta put up 30 points since October. Huge offensive explosion. Yeah. Going by points. Yeah. Two pick sixes is how that happened. This is, it's more about, I mean, Michael Pennix is actually not bad. He, I feel like the Falcon's offense worked better. They were better. It felt like they were better on third down. It felt like they were pushing the ball further. He, he was more mobile. I know he threw a pick, but it was not his fault.


Kyle Pitt's like basically babbling the ball into everyone else and it felt like Bijan had more lanes because Michael Pennix, the threat of Michael Pennix was, was a lot more than Kirk has been in the last few Weeks. Yeah. They couldn't just count on him to box himself in the pocket. Right. So did you see the clip of, of Mr. Mera? I did Reacting to the very mean graphic that they showed about the Giants. Yes. I didn't realize because the giant star historic franchise had been around for forever and this season, even amongst recent bad giant seasons has stood out as being, it can't, it can't get any worse than this. Correct. This is the first time they ever had 10 losses in a row. First time ever. 10 losses in a row. Everything looks just bad about the future of the franchise.


And then you're looking forward to week 18 where Philly comes in and Saquon potentially sets the NFL rushing record in your home stadium as like the ultimate nightmare. But the good news for the Giants is you are now drafting first overall. Yes. And Shado Sanders is on the clock. Potentially He's ready to Go. Or Cam Ward. Yeah. Or somebody, somebody else who's really good. But yeah, that, that clip where Mr. Mera saw him, I think he saw himself on whatever screen he was looking at, up in the suite and he got pissed off at, at Fox Broadcasters. My prediction is at the, the league's network partners are gonna be told under no circumstances show Mr. Mera during a broadcast anymore. Yes, they'll get a letter from that.


There was also a report this week that Brian DaBell might be fired, but Joe Shane might keep his job, which makes no sense To me. That's the opposite of what they should do. Yeah, I agree. They're on the same timeline, but that makes no sense. I don't know who leaked that. Joe Shane, how do you say his last name? Sean. Shane. Sean Shane. Anybody watch hard knocks? No. I mean, I've seen that clip a million times. He is. So the Giants have been outscored 140 to 59 since he famously said they're not far off, which was five weeks ago.


They're, they're the worst team in the NFL. Would we all agree? I don't think that's up for debate anymore. I would agree with that. They're the worst team in the NFL and it's like, it's pretty clear that they're the worst team because I, I actually think they probably would've won and they, they actually probably did it correctly by getting rid of Daniel Jones because they might've won a couple of these games with Daniel Jones and now they are gonna get the one pick and they're gonna get to pick their new quarterback. So the, the graphic, they showed the worst outright record of the NFL. It's been since 1966 that, that Giants had that winless at home since 1974. Winless verse division. Never, that still remains to be seen though.


And then the last time they had the number one overall draft pick was 1965. Wow. It's been a long time. I think that it was the right move to get Daniel Jones outta there. He definitely would've won one of these. But I, it's, it's also hard to watch the Giants now if you're a Giants fan. Oh yeah. It's very hard to, they're A brutal watch. Like You definitely want to lose at this point. You want the number one overall pick. Yeah. That's worth a lot. But at what cost? You have to watch alternating Tommy Cutlets. And it's Only two more weeks through Lock. Yeah, it's two more weeks. Just, I, I'm in a similar boat where it's two more weeks. Just get it, get it over with two more weeks. One Of those could be a Meetingless Eagles game too, which would be so funny if they want, If they won that one. Oh wow. Eagle. That would actually be the mean, that would be the meanest thing Max.


Wow. If the Eagles beat the Cowboys next week, I they lock in the two seed, But Play the Giants and I think their, their strength of schedule. Oh yeah. Their strength of schedules. So they would, they would, they would screw themselves if they, if they won a game, they have to lose out. Have to lose out. So they could go, if they win a game, they could potentially go all the way down to six. So what could happen is they win a meaningless game against the Eagles and then Hank gets the number one overall pick. Mm. That's interesting. Travis Hunter. And also that strength of schedule would be the Yeah. The Eagles are gonna raise that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.


So they gotta, they gotta lose out. So it's actually a good thing that they're, they suck so bad an incredible day for the Falcons. They went, they, they're back controlling their own destiny. Michael Pennix looked decent in his first start. You got him a first start against the Giants. So it's not like he has to go on the road for his first NFL start. Now he gets to, you know, you get to prove its Sunday night football. Pretty big stage for 'em. But Falcons defense is playing a little bit better. They also, I don't know how the Falcons always do this, but I become obsessed with them just because of where their players are drafted. They were the first team in 40 plus years to have a top eight pick at qb, wide receiver, tight end and running back.


It's wild. And their tight end is w Cal pits is just Not good. Cal Pits dropping that. Yeah, that was, that was a bad, bad drop for him. But he might get unlocked. But Michael Pennix is Drake London. Okay. I Don't know, I think he had a hamstring at the end of the game, so He might not be. Also, I'd like like to say that Malik nabs putting up these type of numbers, considering who he's had thrown on the ball this year. It's impressive. We should not underestimate how good Malik Nabors is. Agreed. He's, he's very, very good. Even Though he's the king of like checking himself out for a couple plays. Might be hurt coming back in, but Now he gets Shado Sanders. Yeah. I mean Kyle Pitts that that interception that Michael Pennix technically threw Kyle Pitts threw the interception. Yeah. Threw it to him. Yeah, you're right though.


Malik Neighbors and Tyrone Tracy's really good. That touchdown he had the body control to get those feet inbounds. Yep. Was insane. So yeah, they got a couple pieces. Dexter Lawrence will be back. Maybe you get, yeah. You just need a quarterback. Yeah, sure. Sanders right there. Alright, PTE, you wanna do a couple more ads before we get to the afternoon games? Yeah. Before we get to the afternoon slate.


Brought to you by our great friends over at Experian. Experian for all the AWS who really know us. You know how responsible we are with our money. The secret reason we have so much to gamble is because Experian helps us save money across our other purchases. League rights are getting outta hand. We have to subscribe to way too many streaming services so we can watch every key game and keep our listeners informed with our hard hitting analysis. That's where Experian comes in. They'll find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions for you so you don't have to worry about paying for services that you forgot about. They'll also save you time and money by negotiating bills like cable and internet. That's right. They're gonna stay on hold for as long as it takes to make sure that you're getting the best price so you can save money and focus on what really matters. You can also have Experian negotiate your bills like cable, internet, cell phone, and you keep all the savings all round. Experian does the work so you can save money. It's a one stop shop for your financial health. Get started in the app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed. Some may not see any savings. Not all bills and subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation and eligible paid. Membership required. Get started in the Experian app and you can see how much you could save today.


These games are also brought to you by a great friends over at Biotics. Let's face it. After a night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I have to make a choice. I can either have a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool Zio. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. I had Z biotic on Friday, went out to the bar for about hour and a half, got force fed, four shots of my Lord, had my Z biotic before I went out, came back, ordered a pizza, watched football, felt great the next day. I have been taking Biotics for about, I think 10 years now. The stuff actually works when you drink. Alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember, make pre-cool your first drink of the night, drink responsibly and you feel better tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference The next day. Even after a night out, I can confidently plan on coming into work recording the next day without worry. With the alcohol, with the holiday season upon us, I know I'm gonna be consuming a bit more alcohol than usual. With pure alcohol, I can stay on track, not let the season throw me off course. Go to biotics.com/pmt. You can learn more. Get 15% off your first order. When you use PMT at checkout, Biotics is backed with a hundred percent money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions. Remember, head to z biotics.com/pmt, use code PMT at checkout for 15% off.


Okay. Dolphins 29 9 ERs 17. You guys ready for the craziest stat ever Hit me? So the San Francisco 49 ERs have been eliminated from the playoffs and that means that the streak continues 22 straight years. The San Francisco 49 ERs either do not make the playoffs or get to the NFC Championship game. That's wild. That's it. Those are the only two outcomes. Pretty impressive. That's pretty insane. And so the Dolphins, If they get to the Playoffs, they're going to the NFC championship game. If they, if if they're not going to the NFC championship game, they're just not going to the Playoffs. And so the Dolphins are technically still alive. Yeah. Right.


That is So what do they, what do the Dolphins Have to do? You liked that meme. Memes liked it. He's thinking about it hard. He's really thinking it through. That's a good one. Almost the same with the Jets. Yeah. That's why you like it. Almost. You could say that for the Jets the last 16 years. Yeah. That they either go to the a FFC championship game or don't go to the playoffs. That's actually nice. Yeah. A FC championship game or have a losing season too. Okay. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. That's, That's even crazier Now. The difference being that the Niners have been to like five NFC championship games. Yeah. They're better than Us. Yeah, they're better than. Yeah. I mean they're, I'm, I'm with you.


They're better. So for the Dolphins to get in, they need to beat the Browns. They need to beat the Jets. And then they need to have some help from the Chargers, the Broncos and the Colts. That Was way too much shit. You just said They gotta win. That was, you just said like, they need help like five people to help them. They gotta win. And they need, they need the Chargers and Broncos to lose a lot. And the cols to lose. Here's The, and maybe one lost by the Jaguars. I I don't know why they need the Jaguars. Oh no, no. They need the Colts to lose Lose to the Jaguars To either the Giants or the Jaguars. That's too much shit. Yeah. That's, that's, that's one of those when when we get do the playoff iterations, if you need three teams to help you, I'm out.


I don't like, let me know when it's, when you get it down to one team to help you. Yeah. But Tyreek Hill's back. Yeah. They found him. Why Mike McDaniel doesn't need to wear those glasses. Especially when they're not good. Yeah. It's it's a weird look when he's cold. Yeah. And it just, I, I don't know. I feel like those are, those are, we're scoring 50 points on the opponents. We're 10 and four glasses, not, we're fighting for our lives And we need whatever you just said, all the things that you said that need to happen. Glasses. He's just, he's too far into We gotta believe mode. Yeah. Sometimes it's okay to stop believing.


Yeah. Sometimes it's okay to give up Journey said that it's Actually really fun to give up. It's fun to give up and just be like, just give up. It's never gonna get better. Why don't you just play well so that you have the ability to look back at what you just accomplished with pride. Yeah. And be like, we won this game. Not because it means anything. Here's the d here's the difference. Like the, look at Hank, he's happy. Look at memes relatively happy. I'm relatively fine. Max has a, has the best chance on this, on this entire podcast to win a Super Bowl and today pissed him off. He's miserable. When you come into Sundays with no expectations and no hopes and no dreams and, and no future. You can't really get hurt.


Especially if you're looking at the draft. Yeah. I can't get hurt. I I'm gonna get so hurt. You're going to get so hurt. Join us. No, That was a, that was a cute No, no. I mean there's, there is something to that. Not having any expectations whatsoever. Can't get hurt. Yeah. Can't get Hurt. So the Dolphins should just not try to do this. You're gonna hurt people. Yeah. Because just give up. Yeah. You what's gonna happen is you're gonna win maybe next week and then what do they play next week? So I just had it up here a second ago. How many teams they need? Well, they gotta win out. Well, let's start with that. They have to win out. They gotta win out. They could, they can beat the Browns next week.


Yeah. They can beat the So what's gonna probably probably happen next week is you're, you're gonna beat the Browns and then you're gonna get mad because the other three or four teams that didn't have to help you out all helped you out. Yeah. You're gonna be like, God damn it, I can't believe that the Chargers beat the Patriots. Right. Browns are the Jets. You're gonna be pissed. Oh, so they will Win out. Yeah. Most likely. But next week if they beat Oh, meme stop. If they beat the Browns, it gets cold in New York. True. And then the Chargers True. If the Chargers beat the Patriots next week, then they're done. Yes, They're out. So you're gonna, you're gonna put all this work in. You're gonna look through all the scenarios. If your Dolphins fan, you're going take care of your business. And then you're gonna get super pissed off Patriots Chargers a Saturday at Least.


So, So. Oh, okay. There You go. So they'll figure it out. All right. Now I guess we just turn, 'cause the ni the Niners have been eliminated season from hell. How much are we paying Brock Purdy? You gotta pay him. How many hour, man? How much we paying him? 50. Paying him 50. By the way, shout out to Brock Purdy. They did the whole like, look at what these QBs gave to their offensive lineman last week. And he gave out. What did, what did he pass out? It was something awesome. They were trucks. They were All trucks. And it was an Ad. Yeah, it was an, it was a Thousand percent an ad. This is what I've noticed is like with Mahomes one too. They took like glamor shots of the pictures. I think they're all ads. No, not Joe Burroughs katanas are not ads.


Yeah. The Katanas not Ads. Those are sick. Great gift, Joe. So The lineman wanted guns. Yeah. And he was like, I'm not gonna get you guns. You brought swords to a gunfight. Does Cooper Rush have to get the gift? He should. Yeah. Or just Dak still. I mean, Dak got hurt. D's hurt. Yeah, yeah. No. Yeah. He got them Toyota tundras or something. And they were like, everyone's like, oh my God, he can't, how can he afford this? It's like, well one, he he still gets paid a, a decent salary and he also has a lot of endorsements. And two, it's an ad. It's an ad. Yeah. These are all ads. Now I don't like that. We've we've turned this into the ad season for Not, not the batana, not the And the worst trucks and Chevy Silverados.


That's For sure. Yeah, that's right here. That's a facts. I got. I got you a death box. Yeah. You probably killed his offensive lineman. Oh, we should get, we should get our offensive line. Chevy Silverados. Yeah, Chevy. Let's do that ad next year. Do they have A wheelchair ramp? Yeah, we'll get memes. Max Shane. Pug. You're you What? The wheelchair ramp. Wheelchair. The Whole wheelchair thing. I come back, I was so pissed off at PFT and he is like, I don't you This really expensive wheelchair. Can you just like, yeah. Can you just like roll around in it? Please. Like, It not, is it not sweet? The Chat? Really? I'm, I'm, I'm literally never, I I'm walking. I'm, I'm walking. You might have to have surgery. You Keep saying that. Like, you want me to have surgery?


I don't want you to have surgery, but at least if you do, you Covered it. The doctor told me I'm not gonna need surgery. Wait, So you were, you just came back and he had just put a wheelchair out in the middle and didn't say anything? No, No. Kind of like you did the fucking Panthers Bears thing in the middle of our conversation. That's not true. That's The wheelchair arrived. I ordered at the max. I ordered the That's really nice of you. PFT. Thank you. The second I found out that my boy Max had a broken foot. That was huge. Without knowing the, the diagnosis. So let's not act like I did this after knowing that you'd be fine, max. I thought I thought the worst. I thought maybe you'd never walk again. I ordered a a motorized wheelchair with a joystick. So you learnt how to lift a Finger? It's a stick. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. It's an awesome, unbelievably. You know what Max, if you don't need it, guess what?


We can, we can use it for other stuff around the office. Oh no, that's just a toy for the office That you just didn't like that he, you were, you had lost and he was like, here's a wheelchair. Go be my monkey. Correct. Got it. That's fair. Yes. Yeah, That's fair. I I Were you in the cave? I said that again, those Exact words. No, I was upstairs. No, I Was upstairs. I said those exact words. Us fighter jet accidentally shut Down. Fine. I'll get, I'll fine. I'll be your monkey. And I just got and Got and then you did. Yeah, of course. You gotta stand up for yourself then. Well, you can. Can't I always have to, I Because You're a broken foot. No, I can stand now. I'm basically, I'm basically walking, Basically walking. I'm not even bringing crutches home for home for Christmas. Wow. Is that a good idea? Great Idea. What about the wheelchair? N no wheelchair either.


Why Don't you bring a Wheelchair? What about the wedding? I'm going to the wedding. What About when you go to the Eagles game? Going to the Eagles game. Are you Gonna bring a Wheelchair? No, I'm gonna be walking. It's Gonna be sore. You're gonna try to get big dom to carry you? No, I'm not. Yeah, you are. You're gonna ask big dom to carry you. And he will. 'cause he's that type of guy. I'm gonna be walking. I'm I'm, I'm good. It, it like barely hurts now. Oh, okay. Alright. Vikings 27 Seahawks. 24. Oh. I had Jake Moody sucks. They, I think they used a third pick on him or a third round Pick on him. Did they? Yeah. He Sucks. He just misses kicks. And Jason Sanders is good. Vikings 27 Seahawks. 24. Sam Donald baby.


That was a, he got hammered on that play before he threw the game. Winning touchdown to Justin Jefferson. It was, I think he got his leg and he also got face mask. They did call the face mask. He just stepped up there and did Next play Dart to Justin, Jefferson. Sam Donald. He's a fucking, he's just good at football. Jefferson got penalized for Griding while making eye contact. Yeah. I thought the grid was okay. I thought that had been established like case law in the NFL. You can't Do the eye contact, but You can't look at another man in the eye while you're gritting. Yeah. Through the flag. Can't Do eye contact. I didn't like that. One thing I also, I, I actually can't figure out if I like this or didn't. Maybe you can help me figure it out.


Jason Myers kicker for the Seahawks trying a 60 yard fuel goal, I believe one minute, 57 seconds left in the fourth quarter. He missed the 60 yarder. Right afterwards the camera caught one of his O linemen jogging past him. Sack tapped him. Oh, hit him in the nuts. I think I liked that after he missed the kick. Can you try to pull that, that video Up? I think I like that. And here's why. Just look At Sack tap. Jason Myers. I I think that, I think you, you basically give him something else to think about in that moment. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Boom. Yeah. His Home boy got Him. Like, that's good. 'cause like you see the, you're thinking about the kick.


You're like, man, that sucks. I can't believe I missed that. He's like, here, think about me. Sack tapping you. I think that was a plot line in major League two. I feel like they catcher Yeah. Got kicked in the balls. Distract him By by a donkey. Yeah. And then like his grandmother died to think about his balls hurting so much. Yeah, that's that's exactly what just happened. That's good. The Vikings control their own destiny for the one seed has not been talked about enough. They're just really good at football. Sam Darrow's just really good at football. Their defense is just really good at football. Kevin O'Connell should be Coach of the Year. He's now 25 and nine in one possession games, which is second best in NFL history for a head coach.


He should be Coach of the year for what he's done with his team and for what he is done with Sam. Darn. And they are a, a serious threat in the playoffs. Especially if they get that one seed. I feel like there's gonna be a lot of casual NFL fans who if the Vikings went out, they'd be like, wait, what the hell? I thought the Lions had the one seed. Yeah, but they play the Lions. Yeah. Right. And I mean they have a big game against the Packers who they've already beaten. But that, that will be a tough game. But yeah, the Vikings are just, and Justin Jefferson is, it's Justin Jefferson or Jamar Chase, depending on, you know, they're both just the best receiver. Is that okay to say? Can I just say that?


Can we just say, can we make that a official declaration? Justin Jefferson and Jamar Chase are the best receiver in the NFL And Malik Nabors is the best rookie receiver. Brian Thomas And Brian Thomas pretty good too. Yeah. Graphic. Yeah. LSU. Yeah. LSU makes good receivers. So What's going on with the Seahawks offense? Is it time to have a conversation about Ryan Grub? I just, I don't, I don't know if it's a Seahawks offense. Well, they couldn't run the ball today. It's, they couldn't run the ball Today. Well, they don't try to run the ball. They tried but they couldn't. No, Not really. Not really. They, they didn't really try. Well they also got down, they got down in the game pretty quickly. I mean, they were down 17 to 14 at halftime.


Yeah. And well that they scored to make it 1714. Like they Yeah. But they were down 17 Seven pretty, like even in the second half, they never try to run the football. That's the thing about the Seahawks, every week they say, you know what, we're gonna recommit to the run, try to run it. We're, we've learned our lesson, we're gonna establish the run. We're gonna go out there and put our heads down and we're gonna play off the run game and then we can go and play action. And they never fucking do it. They never even try to establish the run. Yeah. They don't try. And I feel like we've had that same conversation about the Seahawks for Years. Yeah. I don't know. So, I mean, Kenneth Walker's been banged up a bunch. But yeah, it's, I, I don't, I also just don't know what to think of Gino Smith because he is at times great. And then he just tries to throw picks half the time as well.


I Also think that if you at least tried to run the football, then you could do play action and then Gino Smith wouldn't be doing these things where he is like sprinting away from five guys throwing off his back foot while closing his eyes and saying a prayer and getting picked off. Yeah. That happens a lot for the Seahawks. Happens a lot. A lot. Yeah. Memes. Did you like the three-way Jets quarterback thing that was going on? Yeah. Fox is just highlighting that the Jets are a QB factory And we know how to develop quarterbacks so they have success elsewhere. Yeah. Yeah. So Mark Sanchez is calling a game with Gino Smith and Sam Donald All first Round Jets quarterbacks? Or was Gino first rounder? Yeah. Yeah. I, I I don't know what to, I think Gino's good.


I think he's fine, But I then I think he's bad. Gino would be a good bridge quarterback for the Jets. He would be to maybe get to Maybe jump off that bridge. No. Get, get Gino as a bridge quarterback and then sign Sam Darn as your long-term option. Yeah. I'll take Sam back. Just, there's a lot of, oh, you'll, there, there was a lot of Sam discourse. I don't know if you want, I just, every time a guy like sucks and then we should just remember that coaching matters so, so goddamn much. Kevin O'Connell is just a really good coach. Coach of the year. Yeah. No, Sam darn would suck on the Jets. Yeah. He'd suck at, he'd suck at a lot of other places.


Kevin O'Connell's a great coach and they have great receivers. It is the perfect landing spot for a quarterback right now. Yeah. Okay, Hank, welcome back. Bill's 24 Patriots 21. Good game. Did Gerard Mayo save his job with that first quarter? Maybe. Hopefully not. Oh, well your quarterback disagrees with you. Oh yeah. Your Quarterback. I like this. I like this. I like this Colin from Drake. So Drake may said that he, he's had enough of the bs that there's a mutiny going on. That they don't want Mayo back. They want mayo. But except for Hank, Hank doesn't want Mayo.


What did he say? Is that exactly what He said? I, I think he said, I Think that was exactly what he said. Said, I think he was Worded backing up his coach was his sign of a good leader. It's Maturity. I, I'll look it up. I'll look it up. He said, I like the Gerard Mayo did the fake punt. Fake punt was good. Drake may threw a couple dimes. Patriots were Patriots had league. Okay. Here's what he said on the ne this is him speaking on the negative dialogue surrounding the coaching staff. Stuff like that. I think it's some BS to be quite honest. Coach Mayo, like I said, we've got his back. I think we're building something good. I'm proud to be a patriot. Yeah. So he doesn't say I want Mayo, but he's, he had his back, which is respectable. Well he was referring to the negative dialogue surrounding coaching staff as as being some bullshit.


Yeah. Yeah. Which again, he's having his coaches' back. That's again, sign of a leader. Commendable. He played pretty good. He had the, the touchdown pass in the first quarter was an absolute dot. But they lost obviously when there's a lot of bad teams and, and you know, the draft, That Was a good loss. You win, you win a game, you can, you can drop like six spots in, in draft field. That was a good loss. That was a good loss. Yeah. How about, how about Drake May being the best scrambling quarterback ever. Yeah, that's great. Draft Draft. It was a great draft for you. Huge graph. And the bills had their like, like let down spot after a huge win against the Lions and still won because that was, they didn't look good.


I mean, their defense got bullied in the first quarter. They did kind of bow up in the second half getting, forcing three turnovers and then the, the backwards pass was kind of all she wrote for that game. Josh didn't play great. He also banged up. He banged his funny bone. James Cook though. James Cook is a weapon. He's awesome. And I also liked, I liked Jordan Phillips. Did you guys see that on the bills? He wore a full coat under his uniform to warm up. He Learned, he learned from the Tennessee volunteers. Yeah. I Mean it, I still don't understand why those, why guys do that. It makes no sense to Me. Yeah. It's actually bad for you to warm up without a shirt on. You do look cool as hell though. Yeah. But it doesn't do anything for like the tough intimidation.


It really feels like you're just trying to prove it to yourself. Yeah, it looks, yeah. You kinda are. Yeah. Because it looks sweet. But the minute you do that, I'm like, you're gonna lose because you're just trying to do it to yourself and you, that means When you guys went tarps off at Buffalo, It was cold. Yeah. Because you were like, Hey, let's take a picture. You fat fucks in the, in the snow. And we're like, okay. A sick picture. The thing is, if you, if you have to prove it to yourself And We put our shirts back on two seconds later, if you, and then when sat in a suite, if you're Trying, if you're trying to prove to yourself that you're not cold by taking your shirt off, you're actually admitting that it does affect You. Yeah. You're, it's in your head. But The cool is already won. Yeah. It's also like the, they make clothes for a reason.


That's true. It keeps you warm. It's pretty awesome. Yeah. You can wear like warm clothes and stay warm. Yeah. Do you have anything else? This game? No Good loss. Good loss for Hank. Good loss. Good win for Buffalo. Yeah. It was weird seeing them wearing the Patriots uniforms. Yeah. Yeah. That was a little weird Trash. Like there were several times when actually I, I think Drake may launched a bomb down field. It got picked off. But then I thought that it was a patriot receiver that caught it. Yeah. Even though the other uniform it was, it was a mind fuck. I didn't like it. What do you have in your, what? What is that? Max was playing with dolls.


You're playing with dolls. I'm at the A DD Portion. Yeah. Alright. It's a Chucky thing. I've been scaring memes with it. Well we have one last game. Memes. Don't look at the light. We have Raiders 19 Jaguars 14. And we have a special announcement. Okay. Breaking moves.


You guys remember the Pop-Tarts bowl? Big surprise last year. Oh yeah. Well we got a big surprise, Hank. Let's see it. What do we got Hank? We got the Poptarts Bowl trophy. It's beautiful. Right here in studio PFT. Guess what? Wow. This trophy has a built-in working toaster. Can we get some Poptarts going? Yeah, We sure can get some. Poptarts Got some the Frosted Cinon roll Poptarts. I've never had this kind actually. And it smells delicious. So this is the actual trophy they're gonna give at the game. They partnered with GE appliances to make the first ever championship trophy in all of sports. That includes a built-in working toaster Pop-Tarts, delivering it on its promise of delivering crazy good surprises and a bowl experience like never before. I'm so excited for the Pop-Tarts bowl this year. You gotta check it out. It's gonna be an incredible game. December 28th at 3:30 PM Eastern on a, BC two teams, three edible mascots and a packed camping world stadium in Orlando. So mark your calendars. There's tons of surprises. And we have the trophy right here. This thing's a masterpiece. This is the coolest trophy I've ever seen. I Love that. It is actually, it serves a purpose. Yeah. Besides just being a trophy. You, I would have this on my kitchen counter winning This trophy. I'll say it better than winning the national championship. Yeah. Would you rather drink out of a trophy or eat out of a eat? Eat, eat out of a trophy. Eat. Eat out of a trophy. I mean, how many people have eaten out of a trophy before? Yeah. I would say probably none. Yeah. So I'd like to be the first. I would too. We're well, we're about to do it. So catch all the crazy good moments and get a sneak peek of each mascot by following at Poptarts us and at Poptarts Bowl on social and visiting poptarts.com/bowl this year. Pop-Tarts, bringing more flavor, more fun and a whole lot of excitement. Don't miss it again. It is December 28th, 3:30 PM Eastern on abc. Two teams, three edible mascots, and a packed camping world stadium in Orlando. So mark your calendar. Oh. Oh, It's ready. Let's go. Let's eat. Hank, you want some just on diet. Love some. Okay. Oh man, that's delicious. Pop Poptarts. Hank here. Got a share. Oh man. That's an incredible trophy Max. So how good does this look? It's incredible. I'm So jealous. Greatest trophy ever. So again, check it out. December 28th, 3:30 PM Eastern on a, B, C. Two teams, three edible mascots in a packed camping world stadium in Orlando. And the greatest trophy ever created the Pop-Tarts trophy. That is actually a toaster as well. I can't wait.


Okay. I think that's the best Raiders Jaguars recap kid ever have. Just getting to see the awesome Pop-Tarts trophy. It was incredible. Also Brian Thomas Jr. Very, very good. Yeah. And the Raiders screwed themselves in the draft pick. I think that might be the worst win of the season. Yeah, I'd agree. Right. They went from the first pick in the draft to the sixth. That's crazy. Yeah. And they need a quarterback. Worst win of the season by far. That might, I don't know, Jacksonville, Tennessee, whoever wins that game. That might be the worst win too. That could be very bad. Yeah, that Could be very bad. Because they're in the same division. Implications. Yeah. I mean, although Jacksonville doesn't need a quarterback, but yeah, that's that the Raiders need a quarterback.


Yeah. And they won that game. This is a must lose. Yeah. Also, Brock Powers continues to be incredible because he is 10 yards away from Dick's rookie record. And he also is the first rookie tight end to have over a hundred receptions. He's Awesome. This is what happens when you have two good of a coordinator. Yeah. Like Scott Turner. Yeah, He's, yeah, that's Exactly what happens. And we got an update on his dogs. Did we say the update on the air? We did not. Okay. So his dog is a Rottweiler. Right. And then his parents' dog, is it a dachshund? Yeah. Small dog. So We were right on the half of it. We were right on the, on his dad being a small dog guy. Yeah. But he's not a small dog guy. Rottweiler. Yeah. Man dog. Also great offensive coordinator because he has not been dealt the best hands.


No, but T O'Connell not, not so bad. No. But again, you'd rather he's He might be too good. He might be too good. He might be too, too good. He Might go back to Desmond Ritter. See what you can do with 'em. Yeah. Okay.


Let me ask a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts. Rollback dot com. Promo code. Take.


Do you guys wanna talk a little college football? 'cause we're not gonna have a show on Wednesday. Yeah, let's, it's a Rollback question. How d are you? Big Cat? What Hank No. I'll let you guys go. I got some. I got some, some. No. We'll let's hear It. What? I got some fun. Go ahead, let's hear it. Go ahead. You're gonna, you're Gonna be so miserable In what, what You're about to say. No, go ahead Ev. All week long. This is gonna be the greatest weekend in football. The greatest weekend in football, college football. Like you don't watch college football. How can you not watch college Football? Wait, I said this was gonna be the greatest weekend of Football. Many people were saying that. Okay. It was terrible. It was basically, it was essentially like reminded me of week one when you're playing random other teams from other conferences and it's just blowouts.


No good games. Not exciting whatsoever. Just trash. Yeah. It was a bad first round. Bad football. It was a bad first round. I, college football is, is the only sport that I think that people are more obsessed with arguing online than actually watching the games. Because we had just the whole, you know, Indiana loses Indiana shouldn't be in, by the way, Kurt ity biggest coward pussy of all time. That was a bad punt. You should disavow That was I, that was the most haunted point. You know what I disavowed that punt. You can't talk shit. Like, he talks shit on game day being like, whenever we play a 20 top 25 team, we beat the shit out of him and then punt down 20 points, 20 plus points on midfield.


Like what a pussy. He Has mastered the art of losing to like way, way, way, way, way better teams. And then having the final score make it look like Indiana was still kind of in the game. Yeah. He was literally playing for resume. Like Indiana fans That there was another Playoff Indiana fans at the end of the weekend were like, we actually lost by the least amount's. Like we watched that game. That is true. That game was never close. You were never in that game. Also, I, I think you shouldn't like Kurt ti Okay, so here because He's gonna, he he's gonna take more of your players this year. I'll, I'll explain why I rooted for Kurt ti this year. It's because at this point I have to accept reality. I can fight reality or I can, I can, I can deal with it.


JMU is a stepping stone school. We might as well be the best stepping stone school. So we get the best coaches that want to coach for us. But still, he took your whole team. He's gonna take more of your guys this year. Might I'd hate, I'd hate that. He might like, That'd be a bullshit thing. It was a, it was a pussy punt. Insane punt. It was crazy For if, listen, if you don't talk like Kurt ti talks, whatever you can be like, Hey, we're the game's over. We, we we're just gonna get our ass. We're never gonna get it. It's fine. It would still be a pussy punt, but it'd be like whatever. He talks so much shit and then he does that. That was crazy to me. But either way, Hank, back to your point.


Yes, the game sucked. It is the first year of a 12 team playoff. I think the seating obviously was a, was a flaw in the system that they'll figure out. It should have been Boise State and Arizona State should have been playing this weekend. That's what like, that should have happened. You know, a team like Penn State should have had a buy, you know, Texas should have had a buy. They should, they should have done the buys based on the four highest ranked teams or whatever It would've been, I don't know if it would've been, would've been Notre Dame and, and Penn State. Either way the, they obviously have to figure out the seating stuff. Here's my counterpoint to anyone who's complaining about how the first round went.


Because people, again, college football fans, there's a whole group of 'em that would rather complain online and do the debates and like h how SEC hypotheticals, where the s secs never lost a hypothetical. Like all Friday night it was like Alabama would've been better in this spot then you didn't hear 'em when Tennessee got boat raced by Ohio State. They kind of went away when you heard that. When, when the, when the two win team from the SEC got absolutely smoked by the Big 10, the team That beat Alabama, right? Yeah. Right. Got smoked and then Alabama lost to Oklahoma. Yeah. A shitty team. Correct. And then Ole Miss you lose to Kentucky. Right. Another shitty team you don't know. But yeah, no, they, they are right in that if you're an SEC school, a fan of an SEC school, you can just straight up say like SE C's the best conference.


We would've done better than that. Yeah. They, they, they've never, they're undefeated and hypotheticals. So obviously the game, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna pretend that the games were good. They were not good. I also think like you had four teams playing home games that were better than the four teams that were coming into their home stadium. So I wasn't totally shocked. I mean the closest point spread was seven points. My, my, my pushback on anyone was like, this doesn't work. Blow it all up again. First of all, that's insane. It's the first year. Second, what would be the alternative that you would rather have? Would you rather have Ohio State and Tennessee playing in the Peach Bowl? That doesn't mean anything that has 30 guys on each side opting out and transferring.


Because that's what we did have. We had guys opting outta the ro the Rose Bowl two years ago. Listen, listen, It was bad football, but it was still, they were trying Meaningful, they were trying and it was also meaning it means something. 'cause they're going to the next round and you Get to look at the brackets and who moves on and what those next matchups are gonna be like. And then that's where you run into some real complaining like Ohio State by losing to Michigan and credit to Ohio State, by the way. Oh, they were awesome because they played really, really well in a situation where like we didn't know if they were just gonna have given up on the season. Correct. But they went out there and they just beat the fuck outta Tennessee. But you're also in a situation where Ohio State, by losing that game to Michigan, ended up creating a, a great scenario for themselves and a bad scenario for Tennessee.


Although Tennessee would've had to play Indiana and Indiana lost by less to Ohio State. That's true. Yeah. If you Look at the score, like I'm just saying, I I the scoreboard what I think Tennessee probably would be to Indiana. Probably. I but Indiana did play better. I mean, again, they scored late 'cause Kurt sign Netti. That is what he does. Yeah, no, they said that that Was, he's really good at that Number one at, at sign netti ma manufacturing a final score. Yeah. 10 point loss, best loss of the weekend. But yeah, it was, it was not a great weekend of college football. But I don't think, I, I think as soon as they figure out the seeding, which would be a lot better. So Yeah. What what would it be, max? So it would be, if you, if you go off the AP and then you switch Bama and SMU, like let's just say they, they keep Bama and Well, no, you'd have to switch Clemson too, obviously.


Correct. So it would've been Penn State, Clemson, then it would've been Ohio State SMU. That would've been an absolute route. Yep. But then it would've been Tennessee, Arizona State. That would be a fun game I think. Yep, yep. And then Boise State, Indiana. I also Would've been a grateful, also would've a fun game. Great. Yeah. So I think if, if you go off of that, it should fix something like the five 12 kind of will look like it, look like a route again. But it kind of should be like, Yeah, that's exactly A point. There should be some of, some of that. The fifth ranked team should beat the 12th ranked team most times. Especially in their home place. Like that's, that's just a fact. And it's also not like college basketball. Right. It's not, it's a different, Football's never gonna be like that. It's a different sport where if, if you have one program that has by far more talent, it's not like you will find yourself lucking into a, a, a road victory against that team as a vastly inferior opponent.


That's just not gonna happen. And I, the other, the, the only other point I had, and this is where, you know, we, we are react, we, we react to these things in the moment. And I get it. 'cause I do the same thing all the time. I'm way too react reactionary with all this stuff. This weekend sucked. But remember the college football playoff going to 12 teams, in my opinion, made this season so much more fun. Like we had weekends that didn't have, that would not have meant anything. Mean something Oklahoma beating Alabama meant something. Whereas in the 14 playoff, Alabama probably would've already been out. So this weekend sucked.


But like, you have to take what, what the 12 team playoff is, is not just this first weekend. It's everything that happened all season long that got us to this point. And it's also everything that's gonna happen going forward where we have some really good, I mean, Penn State, Georgia's gonna be a great matchup in my opinion. Or no, that's not, no. Notre Dame Georgia. Notre Dame Georgia, Notre Dame, Georgia's gonna be a great matchup. I mean, we know Ohio State, Oregon's gonna be a great matchup. 'cause we saw the game earlier. Again, the seeding part is kind of fucked up because they should have reseed at least this year, where Oregon should have played Arizona State or Boise State because Oregon got screwed. Having to be the number one seed only undefeated team in the country and having to play Ohio State.


But it's a, it's a flawed first crack in it and I'm sure they'll fix it. Yeah. Yeah. So if you were to go off of like the 12, it would've been Oregon would play the winner of Boise, Boise State, Indiana. Right. Sure. That makes more sense. That makes sense. Right. They got screwed. But that's gonna be an awesome Rose Bowl. I Mean, the best game was probably Texas, Clemson. And that wasn't even that close. No. Just for a second you thought, oh, Clemson not as dead as I thought they were. Yeah. They, they, they came back in that game and, but yeah, I also like the NFL Playoffs sucked sometimes too. Yeah. The first round, first last year I think Sometimes stinks Wasn't great. And again, Penn State's a really good football team. Notre Dame's a really good football team. Tennessee or, or Ohio State and and Texas are really good football teams.


I expected them to win. I wish it was closer, but that's just kind of how it goes. Oh yeah. People are pointing out like, last year was awesome, so they ruined it. So we still have this coming. Yeah. The semifinals are still two, two rounds or a round away. Like we still have more chances for great games. Yeah. I still think on a to on a hole. We, we had two great playoff games last year. I think we'll get more than two great playoff games this year. Do you think people are gonna, would be upset of a Penn State, Notre Dame semifinal and then a Texas, Texas Ohio State. Like Yeah. That's good. Those are good games, right? Yeah.


Right. We're gonna get there. I also, you complain about the appetizers. You haven't even ordered your entree Yet. I'm not sleeping on Boise orders. It's Penn State's winning. No, I'm just saying like, we're gonna to get, and That's good games. Now can we talk about that game real quick? Because that was, but I did bet Penn State and it was based on the fact that that was the least big game of all time and that's why James Franklin Was gonna dominate. Oh yeah. That wasn't a big game at all. It was like, even like waking up. It didn't Even feel like a big game. Say that you, Kevin Jennings got, the minute he started throwing those picks, you're just like, yeah. What is going on? Yeah. What Was the mood like in the stadium? Did have big game feel? Oh Yeah. Stadium. It Looks awesome. The stadium was popping. All of my buddies were there. My brother, his wife were there.


I I heard unbelievable things from within the stadium. But, but that's also like, I'm ha I'm happy that we got that. The people that were at that game that go to a bunch of games every year got a college football playoff. Yeah. And got to be there for it. Yeah, But when, when, what is his name? Jennings? Yeah. Ken. I just said Ken Jennings. Ken Kevin Jennings. Yeah. Yeah. Ken Jennings. Like he, he did the thing where he put it, he did the me where he put his hands over his ears. Yeah. And then they had to call a timeout and then he immediately threw the pick six to Tony, Tony Rojas. And it was like, there's no way they were ever going to win that Game. Ever, ever. Penn State didn't even play well. They, they had, they did not play their best game at all.


Yeah. And they just smoked them. How about the, the big game environment inside the, the horseshoe pre-game, the band on the field? Yeah. That what, what instrument was that lady playing where she just was like, love it. She hyperventilating and crying. Probably seen you going out. That was, that was, I felt something. I was like, this means more. Yeah. Also very funny where Penn State put s U'S band Oh. All the way up top. Couldn't, couldn't have been a worse, like a worse section than the entire stadium. Yeah. So Hank, are you going to give the next round of college football a shot? Yeah. I mean, I'm gonna give him a shot. I just, I I there's a lot left. I love how we ended up desired. We lucked into a real Rose Bowl matchup. Yeah.


Yeah. That's, that's pretty cool. Yeah. The Rose Bowl's gonna be awesome. And then you have Notre Dame and Georgia playing right after. Yeah. Like And again, even if these games aren't close, I don't, I don't wanna say like that's sports. You can't, that's the beauty of sports. I you, you don't know what's gonna happen. We, you can't just say every time there's a blow up being like, everything's broken. Fix it. We had, do you remember when they went to the 14 playoff? I remember sitting and watching on, on New Year's Eve that sucked. Alabama verse Washington. Yeah. It was verse Washington or was it Michigan State? There was Michigan State won too, where they like didn't score any points and it was, it was brutal.


And then it slowly got, you know, it got better over years. But like, this is just a new system that they'll slowly figure out. And I get it, there's probably only five teams realistically every year that could win a college football national championship. I still like having more teams involved and you, you can have the chance of something special happening. You know, a single elimination tournament. There probably will never be a Cinderella to win it all. But I never expected that. This, I mean, if you have teams that are loaded at the top with five star players and then you get like SMU going into Penn State, that's always gonna happen. Yeah. But if you're, if you're SMU at least you have that one week to be like, you know what, what if Yeah, we could win the entire thing.


And, and if we keep, And I mean, and the game does mean something too. If We keep playing this, I dunno, 25 years, there will be a 12 that beats a five. Like it will happen. 'cause that's just football and that's sports and it's weird like that. We used to have a computer pick the winner. Yeah. There would be a computer and be like, okay, I'm gonna spit out a bunch of numbers. Oh, we have co national champ this year. Yeah. The, the two teams would play in separate bowl games and have a chance to win a national championship. Yeah. Like, oh, you beat them and Then, and then your team could win their bowl game and then the computer doesn't pick you and then you get to claim a national championship that nobody else will respect for the rest of eternity. Yeah. We're doing Better. Which actually kind of rocks. Okay. Should we do who's back of the week?


Wrap it up.


Who's back of the week is brought to you by ourselves? A pardon? My cheese steak. Go get pardon my cheese steak right now. It's football season. Pardon? My cheese steaks. Brings you awesome cheese steaks loaded, fries delivered right to your doorstep and be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. Take your pick of our delicious cheese steaks made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions on a toasted hogie roll. We have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken, cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, and many, many more. You can order the popular Big Cat combo and get your cheese steak of choice, fries and a drink. Find a pardon my cheese steak near you and order yours now at pardon my cheese steak.com. Use code AW l for free delivery.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. Listen, it's it's holiday season from overcrowded stores and flight delays to awkwardly awkward family dynamics and dinner mishaps. The holidays are far from perfect, but that doesn't mean we have to lose our chill, forgotten ingredients don't have to ruin dinner. Takeout and Coors Light are always crowd pleasers when the mountain turns blue. It's as cold as the Rockies Coors Light is cold. Lager cold filtered in cold package. For a smoother finish, choose chill this holiday season and then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate responsibly Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado. We love Coors Light.


Henry, who's back of the week. My name's back of the week is a WL Charlie Woods. Yeah, that was mine. Yeah. Congrats Charlie. Love that. He Hit his first hole in one. I think it's just in tournament play. I'm sure he probably has a bunch otherwise. No, I think he said it was his first Even better. Yeah. Hit a hole in one him. And that's What they always say. Him and Tiger lost in the playoff so they almost won the whole thing. Yeah. Fuck Bernard longer. Why? 'cause he's old. Well, Apparently you guys coming back from like an Achilles injury and he's hitting from the seniors tees. That was crazy. 67 years Old. He gets an initial like 120 yards on every drive. Whose Side are you on?


I mean, he's 67 years old. It's like, So then don't play golf in a, in a tournament like this. He was sitting, he literally walked like a hundred yards up to hit his tee shot. Senior tees. It was, was crazy there in front of the, he was playing, he was teeing off in front of amateurs where Off. Yes. See me personally, I'd have too much pride to do that. Same, I wouldn't hit from those tees. Same. Maybe I go one, one ahead. I hit from the blues Also. He's won the tournament like seven times in a row. Enough dude. Yeah. Well 'cause he's got a system, right? This guy's a hustler, but yeah. Charlie Woods sick hole one. You got you thinking about it? No, I was, I was, I was just, his, his press conference afterwards was funny when he was like, yeah, you know, I, I thought I'd seen my dad's best, but like, this is actually the, he actually played really well today.


Yeah, He played Great. Charlie said that. Yeah. That's funny. You could tell Tiger was like, yeah, it used to be good. Like, I, I can be good, you know, I have the ability to be a good golfer. And Charlie almost nailed that putt too on, on 18. Oh. I wanted it in so bad. We love Charlie Woods. He's our guy. You Got it stolen away from him. Yeah. A moment taken away. Taken away. You just can't feel good if you're Bernard longer and you're hitting from the the, The son's like 35. Yeah. His son's like, yeah. Charlie's 16 years old And this guy is, his son was in college like 10 years Ago. He's like, he's like a doctor. Yeah. I didn't like that. Yeah. It's bullshit.


Okay. PFTI was gonna say Charlie Woods too, but I'll just say people talking about Ricky Henderson. Yeah. Because he passed away and it's sad. 'cause Ricky Henderson was such a awesome, awesome baseball player to watch all his base stealing records are just insane. They're the stats that you can look up and be like, it would, oh, it would take somebody like 30 years, stealing 70 bases a year to do what he did. And he played till he was old, but he was still, still really, really fast. And he was great to watch. Best lead off hitter of all time. Yeah. But I'm just glad that people were talking about Ricky Henderson also The stories, you know, whether it be the, he framed his million dollar signing bonus check. Yeah. When he was a rookie or the famous John Ood story where he, he went up to John Ood and, and was like, Hey, we, we used to have a guy like who used to wear the helmet at first base when I was on the Mets.


And John o was like, yeah dude, that was me. We were teammates. Ricky. Yeah. So he was the best. It's sad 'cause he was what, 65 years old? Yeah. And he, he also was like one of the only guys who I feel like was everyone was really, was okay with him doing first person. Yeah. Like he just say, would say, Ricky thinks this and be like, yeah, that's cool. Yeah. He was like, you're Ricky Anderson. He was a Flashiest dude ever. But it matched up with watching him play. Yeah. So's like, yeah, you can get away with anything that you want. Ricky. He was born on Christmas. That's cool. Yeah. So flashy from day one. Yeah. Yeah. A player could steal 60 bases a year for 22 straight years. And Ricky Henderson would still have more stolen bases.


Did he invent taking, like, actually taking the base, like when he had a, a milestone stolen base where he just take it outta the ground. I don't know. This is my base. Now. The, the best, the best tweet some baseball writer said is like, Ricky Henderson was actually the first guy to pimp and showboat home runs. But he would do it right in the pitcher's face. And the pitcher knew they couldn't bean him the next time he was up because if they beamed him, he'd be on third base in two pitches. Yeah. Like, you couldn't put 'em on base like intentionally. So Yeah. What, what was that one? Ricky Anderson trying to find a seat on the team. Bus teammates Tell, tell one of 'em to move.


You got tenure, Ricky Tenure? Nah, Ricky's been in the league 15 years. Yeah. They're, I I don't even know if half of these are true, but they're funny and he feels like he was just a legendary, legendary guy. Yeah. That was good. I had, I had his my who's back as well. I don't know what my, who's back would be then, or Well, oh, I have one buy Mike Florio's book. Well, actually you don't have to. It's free on Amazon. On Christmas day and Christmas Eve. Mike Florio our good friend, we love him. His ebook is free on Amazon Tuesday and Wednesday. So please go download it because we love him.


It's called Father of Mine. It's free on Tuesday and Wednesday. Go do it. Please help him. He, he's, he's done more for both of us in this show than we can really put into words. So we love him dearly. It's the time. You, you, you, you say you love your family and Mike Florio is family to this show. So the ebook is free on Tuesday and Wednesday. Father of mine, go check it out on Amazon. He would appreciate it. We would appreciate it. Yeah. So he's the best. He'll always be number one. Florio. Yeah. Number one Florio for sure. Do we have anything else boys? I mean, we're not gonna do a show Wednesday. We're gonna do Friday our regular show. We'll do Zoom on Friday and Zoom on Monday and then we'll be back together the following Friday.


Max, we good? Yeah. I feel, I feel okay. Yeah. Yeah. One hour fourth episode of PMT Doc Thursday. Can't Wait. You did you, there was one moment where you were screaming it, I think you were screaming at PFT. That's Okay. It happens. I love it. I love it. Yeah. In this episode. Yeah. I love it. I think it's the best. 'cause you're, it's, listen, we all have our passion. I got mad at you when you pulled up that fucking meme. Yeah, I know. That's, that was payback. But that's, but we should, we should be okay with getting mad at each other. That's what Yeah. That's what makes this show great. Right. And we keep it in between the white lines. Yeah. Except memes. He hates us outside the white lines. Yeah. That's actually, He carries everything with him afterwards.


It is funny, whenever I see, whenever I see anybody out in public, pretty much the only thing that they say is, fuck Hank, that's me. Like, they think that I like genuinely hate Hank. Yeah. I don't, It's like I, they're like, I fucking hate Hank too. It is funny when people think that, it's like, yeah, we spend like 60 hours a week together. Yeah. We genuinely love each other. If You know Hank, you know, he's, he's not about the drama. It's also like literally I don't, I don't, I I he's trying to exist. I don't know. Do you think there are friends? That's probably when you're in Philly, do you think there are friends out there that like root for each other's teams to do Well if they're, if they have different teams that's I root for your guys' teams.


No, you don't shut the fuck up. No, you don't. You literally Bet against us to make the Playoffs Like genuinely root for like, there'll be times where I'll root I'll, I'll like you liar. Like I bet on the one in the Super Bowl too. There, there there'll be times where outside of bets. Outside of bets. But there'll be times when I'll root for your guys team. But like gen genuinely be like, I want, I want my friends teams to fucking rock. That's crazy. Yeah. You want them, you want your friends to be just as miserable as you are. Right. I just said my, my goal for the NBA season. Yeah. Right. You still laugh at his face. Right, right. I want both of you guys to have maximum pain in the playoffs.


That's me. But it's the truth. I actually would like PFT to win one game. That's me and Big Cat. I would like PFT to win one game. I was you Max. Actually, you know, I'd like maximum go to the Super Bowl. That would be fun. It'd be great for the show. Would You, okay. So would you actually be upset if the Commanders went to the Super Bowl? If they won the Super Bowl? I'd be like, this is fucking bullshit. Yeah, absolutely. But if you won one game, I'd be happy for you. Genuinely happy for you for one game. That would be cool. What if I beat Max? That would be very cool. But That would just, he But he would like that more for my pain than your eye. Correct. No shit. Correct. Yeah. So yeah. So that actually would, I don't know. 'cause like it would be like kinda wasting, like I'd rather you win like if you played the Packers, I'd be fucking, I know that's not possible, but that would be incredible.


I'd be rooting very hard for Well, okay, so what about this scenario? The Packers play the Eagles in the first round. That's on the table. I'm rooting for Max Heart. You won't get hard. That would be the meanest thing the Packers could do to you is take the joy Correct. Out of correct, out of enjoying an Eagles loss. I would be heart, I would be more heartbroken than Max. Yeah. I think I would. 'cause he would, I I wouldn't be able to enjoy your loss. They would, the packers would, would rob my joy. They still all the joy. Yeah. They would rob my joy of your loss from me. Think about that. Yeah. Yes. I mean, Paint the picture again real quick of, of is it game seven of the, of the, of the Eastern conference finals?


What is it? Maybe? Yeah, like, I don't know. There's 10 seconds left. I don't know. I just wanna see Hank like upset. Like he always, he he's never upset ever. He almost died the other week. No, but no. Losing to The heat. That's, that's different. Upset. But I'm pretty sure that we weren't even together during that. I know. I'm pretty, actually, no, He was pretty upset after losing the heat. I was thinking that was Memorial Day, but that was Memorial Day when they The, he was pretty upset when they lost the heat. Yeah. I'm so chill. Happy guy. I'm sorry that upsets you. The chillest happiest guy. Alright. Merry Christmas everyone.


Hap Well, no, we'll be back before New Year. Yep. Happy. Happy Annika. Happy Kwanza. Happy every, oh, that kid rocks. There's nothing like a, like a 12-year-old fat kid in New Jersey. He was just going nuts for the game. This is great podcast. Great podcasting. Alright. Numbers 17 11 3. Hmm. 33, 89, 21. 80. 80, 80. Saw it on the tv. I think 80 might hit It's meme. Said it. So no.


Can I change my number? What meme say? Can I change my number? Yeah. 81. I'll take three. Fuck. What is that? 89. Oh, Is That you? You got it? Yep. Fuck. Alright, let's go. Wait, Wait. That Better be. Oh, this would be great. Nope. 68. Oh, you can, Let's go. Oh man. Sorry. That's bullshit. I, I sorry. I didn't do that. That's your job. You have one job. I understand. But like that's a, that's a, Have You ever got guess it by yourself. Pt, look at PFT. Look at it. Yeah, but that's bullshit's.


That's 89. It's your job. What? What? What a great lot of That's bullshit. It's 68, you go into, What's it called? Yeah. Christmas shit. Im sorry. Christmas. I apologize. Pg. It's been a long day. What's it called? That's my bad. See, I'm totally tomorrow. I'm not broken up by it because I've gotten it before I fucked up. Yeah, you have. Yes he has. Yes. He's gotten it. He has gotten it. I got before he's won. And also the Commanders Beat The Eagles today. So it's a good day. That's true. They did. Yeah. Max congrats. You won the national Football. All we're done with this podcast. And volleyball. Oh, Penn State. Congrats. Congrats. Good job Max. I didn't go to Penn State. I'm a fan of their football team. Love you guys.