
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we've got a twofer for the people. We're talking hockey with our guy biz Paul Bissonnet, after his leafs lose in game seven, previewing the conference finals. We're gonna talk some Panthers who look real good. We also have our good friend Chris Berman, the schwam on the show to check in with him because he just signed his new deal at ESPN and he's gonna be there for 50 years. So we're, we're, we talk to him.


We talk a little football with him. A little golf, great. Catching up with him. We're gonna talk about the, the conference finals in both hockey and basketball on Tuesday night. Then when we get back into studio, we might have an engagement. Jordan has maybe said that she's engaged to Bill Belichick. We get Hank's thoughts on that. We talk about some beefs in the media world. Ryan Clark verse RG three. All because of a foul Hot Seat. Cool Throne FAQs. Great show coming your way.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. It's the best time of year for hoops fans, playoff, drama, buzzer beaters, all the chaos we live for. And if you're done just watching and ready to actually win some cash, you gotta check out. Pick six from DraftKings. Nobody's dropping better payouts than pick six. Hit six picks and that's your 25 x you your cash. And if you beat your competition, you could be looking at 500 x your ca bag in your pocket. It's super simple. Select your picks, track your score, and go for those big time prizes. No gimmicks, just straight up fun. Pick six is live in most states like Missouri, Cali, Texas, Georgia, and plenty more. So yeah, don't settle for week payouts. Make your picks with pick six and let your basketball brain pay off. New to DraftKings. Pick six new customers. Toss in just $5 on your en first entry and you'll get $50 in bonus picks instantly. Download the DraftKings Pick six app right now and use code. Take. That's code take play $5. Get 50 in bonus picks. Better payouts, bigger wins. Only on pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdraw. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos. Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy, take, Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app right now and use code. Take that's code take play $5, get 50 in bonus picks. Better payouts, bigger wins. Only on pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, May 21st and the Oklahoma City Thunder are going to win the NBA title. You're probably right, but that doesn't mean I have to like it Big Cat. Yeah. The the game. It Doesn't mean I have to like it. Yeah, the game game started. I'm part, it was very funny that the game started in, I think SGA had seven free throws in the first quarter. I, I wanna hear what you have to say because I agree with a lot of what you're about to say. But let me just say this first. Oklahoma City's defense is very fucking good. They're elites. Yes. They pack the paint so well. They make you take threes. They close out on those threes. The wolves could not hit a three to save their life. I don't know if the wolves strategy of having their bench shoot 28 threes and hit like three of them is sustainable.


Actually, I know it's not sustainable, but that is a lot of credit to the Oklahoma City thunder defense. Their defense is so goddamn good and Chet Holmgren, I feel like is going up another level. The way he was playing in the fourth quarter, how he impacts everything. He is so good. Their team is so good. Their defense is so good. I don't, they don't have a weak link on defense. Any SGA The floor is yours. PFT. Okay, so you're right. Credit to the thunder. I think the thunder are a good team. I think SGA is a phenomenal basketball player. I think he's an awesome basketball player, but he doesn't have to do this shit.


He doesn't have to do it. It pisses me off watching him play. It pisses me off when they show the replays. I have to watch the foul baiting like three times in a row where I have to see the same non foul three times. You force the opposing coach to decide like, do I want to use a challenge right now on this? Or do I wanna wait until later on in the game? Yeah, they would've won the game no matter what. They were the much better team tonight. But it pisses me off. Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. And I don't feel like being silent. 'cause it pisses me off watching SGA play and Doris Burke is compromised too. She's com she was like complimenting the Fal dating that he was doing. He just, he leans into people at the last minute and then falls down. And to his credit, he's very good at hitting these off balance shots as he's flopping.


Yeah. He practices those and he is very good at it. And so you have to like, take your hat off and be like, that was a really good shot that you made when your body was like completely parallel to the floor as you were falling down because you didn't get touched. It. It, that one he made on the baseline in the fourth quarter where he was, he was literally on the floor and he Yeah. And he got, he shot, he did get foul in that. No, it's, it's, it's similar to the start of the playoffs when I said the same thing about Jalen Brunson, ISG a's probably worse than Jalen Brunson, but it's, they're such good basketball players and it's so annoying to have to watch that style of basketball. And I feel like Jalen Brunson actually has kind of n like not done it as much than the, and he's been so clutch and in such tight games.


But SGA is is, is the number one. He is taken the mantle from James Harden. He's the number one fator and he's so good. And, but it's, it's, it's partially rules. Like it's gotta, something's gotta change because, and maybe this will be, if they win the title, which I think they will 'cause I think they're the best team. Maybe something changed because it is not fun to watch when he is doing the foul baiting thing. And he is such a good player. He's about to win MVP and deservedly so. But it's still, you can, you can say the, the, those two things at the same time. You can say SGA is an incredible, incredible basketball player. I don't enjoy watching it. Yeah. And if you're a Thunder fan, you have to defend your guy.


I get it. You're gonna hate what I have to say about SGA, like I'm attacking your guy. So yeah, I'm, I'm I'll be the bad guy in this situation. But also everybody else thinks that it sucks to watch him. Yeah. Everybody else that watches it, it's, it's very tough to get through. Again, the the foul where you're like, wait, what did they just call? And then two replays from different angles that you watch and you get progressively angrier as they keep showing these replays. I don't know what they can do. May, maybe it's like in hockey where yeah, you have, you've got penalties, you've got whistles, but in the playoffs you, you lose those whistles a little bit. Yeah, well, you lose those whistles. You know what, it's, you know what the shittiest part is. It, it's, it's, it's kind, it, it's very similar to like the Jalen Bruns thing where we, when it, when it happens in a bad way, it takes away from how incredible Jalen Bru Bru Brunson is, how Clutchy is.


When as does this, it takes away from how great the thunder are as a team, just because it's aesthetically not a fun watch. And like that second half the thunder just suffocated the wolves. The wolves were just, were terrible. I don't think they had a single transition point the entire game. The, like I said, they, they basically were like, go ahead, shoot these threes and they'll probably make some threes. They'll have a game where they make some threes. So there'll be at least a little drama in this series. But I don't know the thunders defense, there just is no hole. And I do not know how you, like, it's a nightmare series for Ant It's, it's gonna, I mean Julius Randall got hot for a little bit there in the first half where you're like, okay, maybe you can carry 'em. I think if you took away Julius Randall's threes, I was looking at it.


I think if you took away his three pointers, the rest of the team went 10 for 45. That's pretty bad. Yeah, that's pretty bad. And it's, it's again, it's by design. They don't let you score 20 points in the paint was the lowest amount of points in the paint for the Timberwolves this year. Timber the Timberwolves have to get out and transition. They have to get in the paint. They have to let ant go downhill. And the thunder just do not allow that because their defense is so goddamn good. Yeah. There was absolutely no cutting to the basket. So they didn't even get the opportunity. 'cause the defense was so good. They didn't even get the opportunity to get a lot of those fouls in the n ones that, that Oklahoma City was getting. There were virtually no fast break points for the timber wolves tonight either. It was, yeah. It, it was a dominant performance by the Thunder for sure.


And also, yes, Julius Randall great. The first half I think, I think the wolves are still gonna get a, a couple games outta this because, and he, he went down the first half, sprained his ankle again, came back very, very tough performance on his part to come back and still like, have some of the explosiveness that he normally does. If he gets healthy in this series, I think it'll be, it'll be competitive. It's not gonna be as lopsided as it was tonight. But as of tonight, the thunder clearly the better. I mean we spent, we spent several years being like, I wish teams would stop just taking threes and dunking and then the thunder do it. And we're like, no, not like this. Yeah, well, not like this. I, I mean, I don't wanna overreact to one game, but this was the game that it felt like the wolves would've had their best leg up because you had the thunder playing in a game seven, two days ago.


They came out a little slow, like the wolves kind of jumped on him. But that second half, it was, maybe it was the kisses that SGA got from his kid. It halftime. Do you see that? They were they also, I think everyone should just, we're gonna be the first to report it. Breaking moves. Is Hank here? Mike's here. He was in his breaking moves. Breaking moves. SGA Go ahead. Hank. SGA is cousins with Quiel Alexander Walker. I don't know if you heard that. I don't know if you heard that. I don't know if you heard that. Here's the other thing. PFT. So they brought that up a million times. It was the Kershaw Stafford thing.


I have a, I have a take on the 'cause I agree with everything you said about SGA and it, it's, again, it's just the, the extreme FB dating is just not fun basketball to watch. That's just what it comes down to. And and everyone knows it when they see it and, and it goes game to game. It can be one game on, one game off, but when it happens, it sucks. Here's what also I, I was thinking about it because I don't know if you noticed, like, it didn't feel like the Thunder crowd had a lot of juice, but I think they did. I think the ESPN just turns down their mics so much. They did that. Yeah, that they do 'em disservice because you could see moments when it was like popping and you're like, oh, that they are loud. This is a loud crowd. So I'm not gonna, I'm, I I think, I think OKC was loud.


I think the EPN for some reason they do this with hockey too, where they turned down the crowd. It's like, I want to hear the crowd. I also, the, the booth, the Richard Jefferson, Doris Burke that there's not a lot of Aura. I, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just smashing the Aura button on everything now. Yeah, I'm smash but I'm smashing it there. It don't, we like rj I like Doris Burke as a team. It just doesn't feel big game ish. It just, I don't know. It's like, but let Mike Green just do it himself. It just didn't feel something was off. And it was like all the pieces, the crowd being low SGA fab dating that booth just didn't, it didn't feel what I needed to feel for Western Conference.


Final game one. Yeah. And like I, I agree. I've watched maybe I think I five or six Thunder games in the regular season before the playoffs started. And I, for some reason, I don't have a problem with SGA when he does this in the regular season, it's fine. But in the playoffs it's like, come on man. This really pisses me off. It's James Harden used to do it. I mean there's a lot of guys have done this. This is, and and a lot of guys get criticized for it. It, yeah. It just is what it is. Like guys have that in their game where they just, they go to the hoop and they try to get their, their initial, they're not trying to score as much as they're trying to get contact. Yep. Did you see that ESPN did a horoscope reading of the NBA Playoffs?


No. This is real deep stuff. Real deep stuff. Okay. So they predicted the Pacers and the Thunder based on everybody's horoscope signs going into this. Oh, Oh yeah. I So I might've missed that because I want to, I wanna shout out our guy because, so I, I'm, maybe I'll give the main booth a chance again, but I'm gonna recommend it. And this is, yeah, this is partially biased because he is our guy. But Legler and Goldsberry were on ESPN two. Watch the second half on that. Great watch. Great watch. I'm gonna have to check that out. Yeah. Yes, I would check that out. You're right. There were, there were several times in the broadcast night where I was just, I wanted, I wanted to, to pretend like this game was closer than it was.


Well, and a good announcing Booth will do that. They'll bring some, like, you know, they'll, they'll make it a big moment even when it might not be this one. It felt like it was a, yeah, I was watching the circus And, and it's, it's, I mean, it happens all the time in, in announcing booths. It's like, you can tell when they're not, they don't have a ton of chemistry rapport, years of rapport together. The, the Jeff Van Gundy, Mark Jackson booth is, I know we made fun of it, but like, they, they genuinely made each other laugh and they genuinely like to be around each other. I feel like this is more, they're just going and punching a clock, so whatever I'm, maybe they'll get better. But it was a weird, it was a weird clunky game. And then it was also a game where the thunder, it looked like it was gonna be a tight game.


And then the thunder were just so much better in the second half than the Timberwolves. And it was, it was easy. Like it was just, they, once they, the thunder have done this, I, I don't know how many times there's, I think it's probably half of their playoff games. It feels like they've been able to empty their bench at the end of the game, like in a playoff game. And it's because they're so good. And when they hit that turbo button and their defense feeds into their offense and they get, you know, multiple stops in a row on the defensive side. 'cause it, this game was close and then it just wasn't, you blinked and it wasn't, it was like, oh, yep, this game's over, they're gonna cover and they're gonna win by a lot. Yeah. I I actually do think that the wolves are gonna win two, maybe three games.


I think that that's possible. I know it doesn't feel like it after what we just watched tonight, but I mean, crazy shit happens in the playoffs, I think Thunder. So it was one game. It was dominant. The Thunder defense was really, really good. Like when we watched Game one of the Thunder and, and the nuggets in the last series, we were like, oh shit. The thunder in real deep trouble here. Because they're not gonna be able to do anything on the inside against the things happen over the course of a seven game series. So it'll even out a little bit, I think. But I think if they need to get, they need to get ant healthy, that's gonna be, that would be a problem if his ankle lingered on for a little bit, max, what's the, what's the injury prognosis? I think you probably have the exact same ankle injury that Anne has.


You know, it's one day, one day of a tough walk and then, you know, you're fine. You're fine. Tape it up. They probably got better painkillers than me. He will be fine. Yeah, you're, I mean, you're fine. Speaking of games that are series that are not gonna change. I The Panthers are so good. Yeah, they're so good. And we're gonna talk to biz about all hockey, but they're so good. And this, I don't think, because it's similar, like the Panthers go from a game seven. They go from Toronto to Carolina. This is where you can get them. And it wasn't even, it wasn't a, a doubt. Like the what, what was the final score? I I I turned it off.


Five one. Yeah, it was five one and, and the and the or five two. And, and the goal, the first goal that Carolina scored was that kicked, he kicked it in. He did like a back kick. This just reminds me, this is, remember this is from last year the series when their coach said, after getting swept by the Panthers. I believe it was last year, right? Memes. I think they swept 'em last year. I'm gonna look it up. Is Hank here? I'm looking at, I'm looking at a stat that matters here. Big Cat. If you want to talk about shots on goal, if you're a Carolina Hurricanes fan, the Carolina Hurricanes had 33 shots on goal and the Florida Panthers had 20 shots on goal.


Mm. So you guys won the shots on goal? Yeah, shots on goal is huge. Massive shots on goal is huge here. Filibuster real quick. Hank, are you here? How you doing Hank? Yeah, I've been here the whole time. What's up boys? What, what did you think about, what'd you think about the, the Thunder game They took over? They they dominated good second half. I was doing a stream for a majority of it. But What do you think about SGA Not fun to watch Unethical. Yeah. Where, what is this, where, where are you going with this Big Cat? It was, it was, I'm not going anywhere.


It was two years ago. You're going somewhere At some point when Panthers swept the, the hurricanes remember? And their coach said, that's the unfortunate part of this. People are gonna look back and everyone's gonna say, you got swept. That's not what happened. I watched the game. I'm there. I'm cutting the game. We're in the game. It could have been four games the other way. They did get swept, but that wasn't what happened. But it feels like this might be the same thing where, where Kate are gonna have to be like, we, I swear we didn't get swept. Did you see what happened at the, I think it was like 10 minutes into the third period where it got to Spear took that shot from like the opposite end of the ice and tried to hit Marshan with it. Yeah. 'cause he got a Marshawn got in a fight. They got a little bru. Haha.


Yeah. That would at least we've got some intrigue now. We got some real bad blood between the teams. Yeah. The Panthers bring the bad blood outta anyone's. That's just what they do. They're dirty. But but like in the, that's a, a compliment when I say it about the Panthers. Yes. They're like, they're a big bunch of assholes. That's how Yeah, that's how, that's how h playoff hockey should be. Absolutely Hank. Yes. So we're gonna kick it back to ourselves in the studio and we're gonna talk some Jordan and some Bill Belichick. Oh, do we wanna do predictions for the next Pacers series? Did we already do 'em? We did. Yeah, We did. We did. I think I just said game seven. I'd like to Change my pick though, before it starts.


I can do that, right? Yeah. I think I said Pacers in seven. I'm gonna say Nixon seven now. Oh. 'cause I just found out that the Pacers are changing their uniforms. They're getting off the city connects. That was NBA league mandate. Yeah. So yeah, The NBA said you can't do that. You have to go to your core colors. So We've been demanding that they get off the city connect jerseys, but now that they actually did it, I'm like, wait, they, they won a lot of playoff games wearing those alternate uniforms. Yeah. But again, I feel like it's different that the NBA mandated it versus the Pacers doing it in free will. So they're gonna be upset that they're not playing in the city connect. Right. There's nothing they can do. They, Hey, their hands are tied the, the NBA correct move by the NBA to be like, you have to wear the real jerseys.


Yeah. Alright. Before we kick it to ourselves. Hank you great stream tonight. Thank you. You're, why are you nervous? Because you called me And we like, I have a question. I was like, what is it? Like I can't tell you. Yeah. So I've been thinking about what the question could be for 20 minutes. Okay. But why did I, why didn't I just, I could have just asked you on the Well, yeah, no, hand up. I told you I, we signed up to do the stream, which we had to break Scottie Scheffler Sunday round. And however many times it took us to do it was how long the stream was gonna go. So I was planning on just being on a stream till 4:00 AM So I, I assumed, you know, I was not gonna be able to make the, the first 10 minutes of the show.


We finished early. Everyone was so happy. Like, we're going to get dinner. I was like, I'm in. I literally, until you texted like I, we were sitting down for dinner and you're like sending the draftings out. I was like, oh no, I forgot it's Tuesday. Oh no, I do. Pardon My Take. Well, no, but you know what I'm saying? Like, in 90, like we, we, we were dialed, we had some clutch, clutch shots to, to beat minus we were minus two or minus one. But I, if the stream was still going, I obviously was not gonna be on this part of the show. Right. If anybody out there is like, Hank cares more about golf than about the podcast. I Didn't want do the fucking, Didn't wanna, this is foreshadowing example. It's work. I think an honest mistake.


Hank Honest mistake. Honest mistake. But you're here now, so it doesn't matter. All is good. I I, Yeah. I was here the whole time. Hey, You were here the whole time. Hank here's my question and maybe we can put in the video. Could, do you think we could put this video into the YouTube stop? Do you think we could put this video in the YouTube? No. Probably not. So for the listeners, no prob Definitely Not. Go watch the video. Go watch the YouTube to see what I'm talking about. This crazy for the listeners though. This is the Question. Hank posted a video on Instagram today. Well, let's Talk about like my, lemme explain my, let's talk about my, my my history though. With, With, okay. Okay. Let me explain it. Hank has a history. He loves to post whale videos. Love it. It was, I think it goes back to a Mount Rushmore. Yeah. Slow best slowmo videos in the world.


Yeah. So every time there's a whale breaching water, Hank is posting it. I look at it Hank's Instagram stories. Tonight Hank has posted a video of whales on boats being cleaned by like tractor vacuums. They're driving the tractor over the back of the whale and They're cleaning off the barnacles. It's a, It's the fakest video I think I've ever seen in my entire life. Insane. And I really do think Hank posted it, thinking it was real. Did you see my next story? Hank? Did you post it thinking it was real? Did you see my next story? I didn't.


Did you post it thinking it was real? No. You Want me to play? I'll play, I'll play what I posted. 'cause a lot of people were confused, but I cleared it up. Okay. So can, can you be honest though? Be honest with the listeners. That, that that was it. That was enough. If the video's posted, like, it's like a beautiful, like thinking about whales that have barnacles stuck on their backs and they're just floating through the ocean, stuck with these barnacles. And then there's this group of people who get the whales onto a boat somehow and then power wash them to clear the barnacles off. That's not power Wash. It's, I actually was gonna send it to you.


PT That's what I thought at first. But it's a, it, it was, I felt so good. Happy for the whales. Yeah. Yes. At first Glance, I'm not joking 'cause we were doing the stream. I opened my phone and like, I got scared because I had like 10 dms from people. Like people I know. Like, you know when you see that number, like when you see it's usually like one or two or whatever. It was like 11 new messages from people being like, you fucking idiot. As an ai. Oh my God. I mean, they were tractors, I'm, they were full on tractors on top of whales, power washing them.


They were driving. There was a guy like sitting in a driver's seat driving the tractor up and down the back, the spine of the whale as the whales just sitting there not moving. Like, thank you. Like the whale knows that he's getting power washed. They were making noises. They made noises. Like they were like, They made Thank you and thank you. Yeah. I agree with Hank though. If, can you imagine how cool that video would've been if it was real? Oh, Very cool. But I just, this is, everyone's talking about ai this AI that new, new evolution in ai. It's gonna be a problem. It's gonna be a problem for the Hanks in the world. He's the one who's, who's going to be spreading this. And we, we like, But like, who's this? I didn't say it wasn't ai.


I didn't say Anything. No, but you and you, You shared a cool video to my followers. You set it up. You just, you just said right now that you thought it was real. Again, this is like trust tree. I posted on my story. I was like, just for the follow up, like obviously it was ai, but like I just, I share cool whale videos and this, this fell into that category. I Probably like, maybe it's not real now. Here we go. Here we go. Go. Maybe it, it helps start like the, I just feel bad for the whales with barnacles, like stuck on like, You're ahead of your time. Yeah. Maybe your post is gonna give somebody a, a great idea for an invention and they can actually do this for real to the whales. Yeah. Think about what Hank, Hank is spreading the message then, Hey guys, we have the technology now let's start cleaning whales with tractors.


I love it. I love it. I like it's, It's good AI man. It's not that good. It's Not good at All. But I also didn't hear the whales saying thank you. I didn't hear how, how accurate the whale sounds. Were The whales. Yeah. Power washing, Cleaning. Have you guys seen, have you, the other one that almost got me that I had to literally do research on was the, These guys are sliding on the back of the whale with the freaking, with the zoni. He's doing like Tokyo drift on the back of the wheel. This guy's driving a full on John Deere also. The barnacles wouldn't spray It depends on the power washer.


Oh my God. All right. That was all I had. Hank I'm gonna, I'll post it tomorrow. Just, just for, Can we put it in the, are we allowed to put it in the YouTube? Yeah. I don't know. It's a, it's toss up pug. Pug. President Pug. Probably fine. Okay. It's ai. Yeah. It's Not real. I'll post on my story tomorrow. I won't, I won't give any, any updates just so people listening. They know. But there was an Anaconda video. Yes. Max know's what I'm talking about. It almost got me too. It's like, it was like a 70 foot, like a, it was like the biggest anacon of all time. And I was like, that's real. We're fucked. I believe all of 'em. I I, there's not a video that I've ever watched that I thought was ai.


Did you guys see the one that Steven, she posted a few months, like maybe a month ago. It was a polar bear with what looked like a leach on its back. And it was like, it was like, it was the, the lech was bigger than the polar bear. And it was people going and scraping the leach off the polar bears Back. The polar bear was probably really appreciative. You thought that was real? It's very bear sounds. We Gotta be better. PSA We gotta be better. Listen, I get tricked all the time. Our boss got sent today so it happens. But the AI thing scares me because we can't let AI take us over. I know, I know. We're, we're smarter than ai.


We are. Although if AI does take over, just shout out ai. I actually seriously love you. That was just a joke earlier. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. We Gotta tip our cap. Like, please give us a job. Please give us a job to make like different faces into a camera and pay us $2 an hour. So, well the great thing is, I I don't think that they make AI that's dumb enough that could ever do part of my take. Like AI would never be dumb enough. Don't, Don't Temp them. AI would never be dumb enough to fall for an AI video of a whale. That's true. That's true. The computer would figure it out. You Can't program that. No. You Can't replicate these moments. No. Okay. Alright. Well let, let's kick it to ourselves. Back in studio, then we got Biz and Chris Berman.


Okay, before we get to the rest of the show, Gametime Football is back. The 2025 NFL schedule is out. And the only place you should be getting tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports. We're planning our fall schedule. Gametime is the perfect place to do it. I know the Bears go and play in Las Vegas. I think it's week three. You can go to Gametime right now with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets. Gametime makes scoring NFL tickets faster and easier. They have exclusive discounts and you can find seats for as low as a hundred dollars. The Gametime guarantee means you can get a hundred percent authentic NFL tickets on time in the for the best price. Plus fees are always included. So what you see is what you'll pay. We also have NBA and NHL playoffs still going on Wednesday night Game one Eastern Conference final. Hank The Garden. The Mecca. It's gonna be a pricey ticket. $669 I'm seeing as the cheapest. Okay. But Gametime, get $20 off. Get know you're getting the best deal with Gametime. So take the guess. Who outta buying NFL tickets. NBA tickets. NHL Tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime Henry? Yes.


Congratulations. Are in order. Are they? I think we're gonna have a baby. Who? Jordan and Bill Belichick. What? They're engaged to be married. Well, at least Jordan is saying that they're engaged to be married. I don't know if Bill knows yet. I don't think that Jordan would make this up, but apparently she's told at least one friend who then talked to the New York Times. Maybe this All seems, Or maybe without Jordan's direction to talk to the New York Times to, to let the world know Happy News. Save the date. Save The date. We're getting married. Little May December relationship. I could Ima I I also imagine this going as like Jordan just takes Bill Belichick being like, Hey, we gotta do some shopping real quick.


Let's go to, we're gonna stop at Whole Foods. I gotta go to Lululemon. And then also we're just gonna go pick out a diamond real quick. Yeah. It's just a ring. Yeah, just a diamond ring. You've got, you've got several of them. Yeah. Can I get one? Yeah. So Hank, I will wait until you know, Ms. Hudson and, and Mr. Belichick report this themselves. I do not believe, you know, the New York Times, fake news media. This is just a report as far as I'm concerned. Well, it it's true. It sounds like you, it sounds like you don't want to believe it because you don't want it to be true. Right? It sounds like you're Against Bill's happiness. No, I think everyone, everyone should be deserved. You know, in life, personal things. Everyone should be what? Like everyone's deserved the right to, you know, tell the world themselves. Everyone is deserved. Right? Everyone is deserved in life.


P ft I think it's bigger than that. I think Hank's rooting against love as in general. Would I love, love? No, you don't. I do Because when I, I don't know about You, I don't love the fake news. But When you, when you hear about an engagement of a young vivacious couple that is gonna plan the rest of their life together, my initial reaction is always congratulations. No, but you guys have a lot of friends, you know, that have gotten married, maybe are possibly talking about getting engaged, things of that nature. Do you want to hear it from them? You don't wanna hear it from, you know, a source of a source being like, oh, did you hear? Oh no, I like the team. They're gonna get married. Oh, I know what's going on. Big Cat. Yeah. Hank is just upset because he thinks that, that they're engaged and he didn't find out from Bill.


Oh, he was expecting. He's like, I I would've thought that I would've been on that text. Yeah. I listen, I wanna make it a personal, I don't think Bill knows I Well, he's gonna be so excited when he finds out. Imagine that. Imagine you find out through the New York Times that you're engaged to be married. That's so cool. That's romantic As fuck. I mean, this is like the, the, the elite class of this country always does their wedding announcements via the New York Times. If Bill Belichick had to find out a way that he was engaged, he would've liked to see it in the press first. Yeah. He loves journalism. The media has always been his friend. It's your favorite thing. Journalism and love. So, Hank, I I wanna make it a, a pledge. I don't know how we're gonna do it.


I don't really have any connections, but I will not rest until we get Henry Lockwood an invite to the George Bill Belichick wedding. What's the hashtag gonna be? I think at the very least Hank should be invited to the Bachelor party. Yeah, That would be fun. That Would be A great time. What do you think it's gonna be? What, how many rings? He he has eight. So not something with nine. I think it's probably gonna be just love story. Bill's version. Oh, I like that. I like that. That's a great hashtag. I You might be able to go to the, oh dude, think about this. Bill Belichick, we all know, listens to the show religiously. What if he's the a WO who we pick for his bachelor party next year?


That would be sick. Sick. I'd like to be sick. Preemtively say that. That's the guy That would be sick. Bill, if you, we know you're listening. We will send Max to your bachelor party And, And when he has a sprained ankle, you can look at it and be like, you fucking Pussy. I think Bill just would get back out there. Bill just wouldn't tell the media about the nature of the injury. Yeah, but we'll see how he does this. He's got a lower body. We'll see it. I'm excited for you, Hank. Why aren't you excited? I just, I think a baby's on the way. I don't like the way, I don't like this reporting. I mean, the hashtag's definitely gonna be chapel bill. Yeah. Yeah. Although she might have that, she might have to sue herself. 'cause I'm pretty sure she, she trademarked that already. She would love that. There also was a report that the denigration of hard knocks and Carolina, their, their relationship might've been because Ms. Hudson soon to be Mrs.


Belichick. Jordan. Belichick Jordan on Belichick. It's got a great ring to it. I Wouldn't be shocked if they do hyphenated names. Bill Hudson Belichick. Yeah, bill takes it. Yeah. Yeah. Bill Hudson Belichick. I mean, you gotta think about the kids. You want the kids to also be Hudson's Ooh. When they, when they consummate the marriage. If he's able to get it up, this's gonna be the miracle on the Hudson. There was a report in this same article that Ms. Hudson demanded she be granted content approval and partial ownership of the show. She said this to NFL films Allegedly. Allegedly, I believe. I don't believe that part. I believe the engagement.


I think we're choosing one thing to believe from this article. It's that they're engaged. I think that HBO just heard that everyone's gonna call it tarred knocks and then they backed out. I don't think this has anything to do with, with Miss Belichick Hudson. This, These might, they might be the new Kardashians doing a reality show. Their marriage, their wedding. Honestly, it's everything. It Is it's squad goals. Me and who, it's the Ultimate, like your attitude. It's the ultimate zag for Bill Belichick. I'll say that much. It's The ultimate zag. Like you think Bill's gonna go one way, the way he is won his whole life, Which is Straight and narrow. Stay away from the media, stay away from the drama. Focus on the team sometimes. And football, sometimes the opposites attract.


I I do think that there, There, and this is the all Opposite. There's a, there are a lot of very rich, powerful people that get attracted to women that just completely dominate them. Maybe I'm just basing that on the show Billions with Paul Gidi. But Bill is a control freak and he finally met somebody that can control him and now he's like just going hog wild. He loves it. Yeah. He loves being in the passenger seat for a change. Yeah. I'm happy for that. He's riding shotgun on the George Dawn Hudson show. There was also a report that she was attending Patriots practices in training camp and that she would wear bright red sweatpants so that bill could see her from the sidelines. I Love that. That's Love. And that's, that's the year that, well we don't have to talk about that year. What happened. That's inconsequential to the story, which is about true love.


And I don't think that has anything to do with football. But apparently she was, yeah, she was like staying in the team hotel with him. That's normal. That's very normal for completely normal. A couple that's engaged. Yeah. For a coach. His girlfriend I think. No, let's stop with the girlfriend talk. It's fiance Time At the time. It's a fiance now. At the time. At the time. But it's a fiance. Let's respect it. She's also meeting with senators according to this article. What's Wrong with that? I don't know. Like Power? Yeah. No, we don't. Why do You think I thought there's something wrong with that. I was very clear. I think it's, it's wonderful. I think we need more women speaking truth to Power. I want you to say fiance. I can say the word. I want you to say it in when it comes to Jordan and Bill Belichick, when JR Fiance, when they do a collab Instagram post, then I'll believe it.


Okay. Okay. There was also another part in the story. I didn't realize this, but when he was watching the Miss Main pageant, when he was, which again, very supportive fiance moved to do huge. I like that. Him sitting front and center rooting for her. That's Fiance goals. It is. It really is. And he was sitting next to her dad. I didn't realize this part, but her dad is 49 years old. Oh. So Bill is old enough to be her dad's Dad. Yeah. What, that makes sense. Yeah, that does make sense. I mean he, he was, it's a little weirder that he's a only 49, but he always was old enough to be her grandfather Is Bill, like when they get married and it's gonna be a lovely wedding. I hope that you're an attendance sank.


Is her dad going to take, walk her down the aisle and give her away to Bill Belichick? No. I I think he'll be, he's still young enough to be the ring bearer. He Probably could. Yeah. Yeah. He'll come down and he'll be like, he, he and his, you know, Jordan's mom will come down with the flower. She'll be the flower girl. He'll be the ring bearer. It'll be so cute. I think it's lovely. It is. It's beautiful. What Max? Beautiful. Yeah. No, I Do you think he asked for permission? Oh, oh. From the dad. Bill Belichick had to ask. Oh, I think think the dad might ask permission from Bill Belichick. Will you please marry my daughter? Yeah. Will you, are you okay with my daughter telling everyone We're enga, you're engaged. This is Romeo and Juliet all over again. It's fucking beautiful.


Except for the ending. The ending is gonna be great in this one. It's Fucking beautiful. It really is. Two star cross lovers. I Love, love. Has Belichick ever done like a big documentary about his life? I don't. I I know he's done NFL film stuff. No. So she'll be in that. Well I think it's gonna be a documentary about her life featuring Bill Belichick through The eye. Yeah. Bill Belichick through the eyes of Jordan Hudson, who's More famous, bill Belichick or Jordan. I think it's Pretty neck and neck right now. Bill's marrying up. Right. And like non-football fans probably don't know who Bill Belichick is. Anyone, any pop culture fan knows who Jordan is. She's, she's the hottest thing going right now.


She's it girl. Alright. Other thing we had to talk about, we have the world's worst Twitter fight because both, both guys can be a lot on Twitter. Ryan Clark versus RG three all based on afoul in the WNBA. So quick summation. RG three did a podcast, which I didn't realize he does his podcast with, with his lovely wife, Greta. Oh yeah. Greta, yeah. RG Three sitting in the background. Yeah. Is that RG three in the ones? Yeah. That's, so she sits in the background. She's like Glen, Glen Humper Dick. Oh. From the Tom Green Show Show. She's one Of the most insane podcast aesthetics I've ever seen.


She, She's, it's Quite something. She's a little more, more active than Glen. Yeah. But she's sitting there and then RG three did an entire podcast basically saying that Angel Reese hates Kaitlyn Clark. Which, why is that wrong? I don't understand why anyone would be upset about that portion. I understand there's, there's racial, again, this story, Kaitlyn Clark and Angel Reese just becomes a race war instantly. But I believe that Kaitlyn Clark does dislike a, or sorry, angel Reese does dislike Kaitlyn Clark very much. I I kind of think that by now, it goes both ways. Where, where Kaitlyn got, she was very upset I think rightfully so. Last year when she got that hard foul and Angel Reese was the first one off the bench clapping and then Angel hit her in the head.


I think that there's like, there's definitely some animosity between them, but yeah. Oh, you think, I think that obviously it's clear that Angel Reese hates Kaitlyn Clark, or at the very least, hates what she perceives to be Kaitlyn Clark's audience and what they stand for. I'm just gonna go outright and say it. She hates Kaitlyn Clark. I think she does. And that's fine. 'cause rivalries are good. I'm Sure if you gave them both true serum, they both hate each other. Yeah. They like, that's, that's the fun part about sports. I think Angel Hates Kaitlyn Clark more though. Yeah. Probably. And Angel Reese. 'cause a, again, this goes back to what I said on Monday. The, the, the issue with this rivalry is Caitlyn Clark is just a lot better and more entertaining of a basketball player. If Angel Reese is a power forward, it's not gonna be the same as a a as like the Steph Curry of women's basketball and Caitlyn Clark.


She's fun to watch. Hitting deep threes and everything. Getting rebounds is not as, as fun or appealing to, to the viewers. Not saying Angel Reese isn't a good basketball player, but Caitlyn Clark is a transcendent basketball Player. I'm lightweight upset that we're taping part of my take right now because this is time that I could be using to scroll x the everything app to read more takes about Angel Reese and Kaitlyn Clark. Yeah. And what it means about our society and all the think pieces about the WNBA. Can we just take some time to appreciate the fact that we're at a point where people are now engagement farming off of the WNBA. Oh yeah. Which Should be a Toxic, that should be a massive win for the WNBA. Right. Big time. Like they're, they're now to a point where content about the WNBA is leading the news cycle, but it does get, it gets absolutely exhausting.


Oh, reading all these takes, like I am, I'm worn out from reading these takes It. It's exhausting, but it's also so entertaining because I'm, I I don't really have a dog in this fight in that I'm just watching from the sidelines being like, yeah, yeah, that is ra. Oh no, that is ra. Oh no, no. That is racist. Yeah. It's back and forth. I, I made a list, I made a list yesterday of the best takes or the strongest, most wild takes I've seen about this because people are on their shit right now. They see this and they're like, I gotta come up with a threat. I'm gonna, I'm gonna compare the situation to Israel Palestine. That's next. Very important thread. But the best takes that I've seen. One Kaitlyn should be arrested for getting a triple double. Okay. Yeah, I saw that because She asked her coach to put her back in the game so she could get another rebound.


And that is literally illegal. That person is going to, I hope that person is sitting down when we show them a tape of Ricky Davis. Yeah. That would, that would shock them. Ricky Davis famously throwing the ball off the opposition's hoop to try to get the 10th rebound for a triple double. Yep. Number two, what if Angel Reese had gotten killed on that foul? Oh, What if she Gotten seriously injured or worse? Now, I'm gonna be honest with you. PFTI didn't think about that. And now that I'm thinking about that, it's problem. I love that take. It's problematic. I love that. Take. What if anyone died? Yeah. I mean, ever. Listen, when you have hard foul, it's a hard hardwood court. She could have hit her head on it. That's true. Number three, Caitlyn Clark is a racist. Yep. And then number four, Caitlyn Clark is not racist enough.


Mm. So everyone's a angry at everybody. And it is, it's something to see on, I I personally think that this is a big p siop to distract you from the fact that the Boston Celtics, they blew a zero to two lead against the New York Knicks in the playoffs. The, the, the other one that I have, I I I enjoy very much is people basically saying Caitlyn Clark has to speak for all of her fans. Yeah. And say something about them. You know, you, you can't, you can't hate Angel Reese. She needs to stand up and, and, and do her responsibility and say, Hey, fans, stop it. Which she has done in the past. Well, she, she literally did that.


I think it was after the NCAA national championship. Yeah. And she was like, don't treat her badly. And, and Angel Reese has also done the, she did a speech, I think last year where she was essentially like, I, I'm the villain here and I like it. Like I'm gonna help help grow the game for being a villain. And then they asked her about that this year and she said, no comment. But so, so back to RG three verse, Ryan Clark. Ryan Clark then did a show. This is all very stupid, but also very funny. Ryan Clark did a show, his podcast where he basically said that RG three can't talk about this because he has a white wife. He has his ex-wife was white as well, is obsessed with making milk jokes.


And then RG three came over the top and said, Hey dude, don't bring my family into this. That's fair. Everyone knows in mafia and podcast wars, the family stays out of it. But if the Wife, if the wife is literally in the podcast point True. Good point. She is in the, she's in the show. And then that's a very good point, Hank and then Ryan Clark. I feel like Ryan Clark does this like maybe four or five times a year where he gets in a, a fight and then he does the like, well, yeah, I hope your, I hope your, I hope your dad dies and then walks away. He, he, he basically was like, yeah, hey, RG three, you are the worst teammate I ever had. Both on the field and at ES espn. Everyone hates you and you suck at your job.


Why did he just went all the way. It is funny how the podcast scene turns even like the, the hardest professional athletes into just middle school girls. Yeah. Just little bitches just like, dude, you're fighting, you're, you're fighting over a foul in the WNBA. Hey Robert, guess what? You're not invited to my birthday anymore. Yeah. So suck on that. Hey Robert, I heard, I heard in, in fifth grade you pissed your pants during lunch and, and people called you pee pants. So man, it's, It is kind of exhausting to keep up with all this. And I, I just know that I'm, I'm the big winner in this situation. Oh yeah. Because I just get to sit back and scroll, baby. Yeah. Just refreshing the timeline. It is, they should just play, they should play one nmb WNBA game a week so that we can have the other six days to just think about what that game meant.


Yes. And discuss it. Think So this is what Ryan Clark said, this was the final for now. And again, he just goes, he just goes right to the like lowest point being like, Hey, every, every, you don't realize everyone hates you. Yeah. Which is such a shitty thing to do. But he said, Bru, you know what it is with me and you. I saved you the entire season of Mennonite football. I urge people to let you be you. No matter how corny, how bad a teammate you were. I had your back. This is really, this is like, Hey, I don't care what everyone says about you. Yes. I think you're an okay guy. What did you do? Invite someone on your show, you know, I don't fool with to ask questions about me and then hit me weeks later to tell me you're gonna challenge one of my takes.


You're a phony bro. One of the worst teammates I ever had, both on the field and in tv. You gotta do what you gotta do. I didn't attack your wife. I spoke on what you do on social media and tv. Like I said, I met your wife and she seemed like a lovely lady that was worth more than the color of her skin. You be good, bro. Oh, It was a foul. This, this is like, it was a pretty common foul. And that that's, that's, that's what RG three should come back with. He'd be like, Hey dude, are we still talking about a foul? This is like heroin to me. Yeah. It's, it's quite something. It's so good. And, and by the way, the one thing that the Ryan Clark is correct on is RG three is corny. He is. But he'll Be the first to say that he makes some, and listen, I, I am compromised when it comes to the RG three situation because I have no choice but to support his wife.


Yeah. I, I think his wife is a, a strong, powerful woman with a great voice. And I will not ever say anything bad about her. I, I Am not compromised. And I would say my ruling is RG three. Yes. He is corny. Yes. It is kind of uncomfortable when he's like, makes a joke about like his wife's milk. That does kind of creep me out a little bit. But other than that, Ryan Clark is kind of a psycho and just went like nuclear on a take about a foul in the WNBA. I think Ryan Clark gets very, very emotional. Very emotional. That's kind of the thing with his podcast is the, the times where I see him go mega viral, it'll be like that soft somber music and he'll just be like almost crying into the camera Yeah. Talking about something getting worked up.


He's, It is in Touch with his feelings. It basically comes down to RG three had a misdemeanor of being corny online and, and Ryan Clark put him in front of a firing squad. Yeah. The, the, the, the punishment does not make meet the crime here where you say, Hey, I just more, I, I've been thinking, you know, my biggest takeaway is just thinking about the conversation between RG three and, and Greta about Greta setting up the podcast. Yeah. If you guys are podcasting trailblazers, do you ever think like, well, thank you, appreciate that. Just sit someone, let's just have someone sit without a mic 10 feet behind us. Yeah. Was that, is that a joke about yourself? We actually have thought about, But behind my Whole goal for But behind, you're right behind.


Yeah. Actually, that's the crime. If RG three really wanted to do a podcast, he'd put the person scrolling their phone on a couch next to him. Well, you Guys obviously have not watched RG Three's podcast. This was a clip that RG three did in the podcast. Greta is a very important part, and she does have a microphone, and she's allowed to Oh, okay. She's allowed to voice her opinion. Hank. Ah, that's good. That's good. Got it. Yeah. Now, if you had asked me when we started, Pardon My Take, what's the reason you're starting this podcast? I would've told you so that one day RG three and his wife can also do a podcast together. And also one day we can do 20 minutes on Jordan Hudson marrying Bill Belichick and RG three, and Ryan Clark having a fight that literally does not mean anything to anyone except its very great entertainment.


What I love about this entire situation, going back to the Angel Reese Kaitlyn Clark dynamic, is that this is just a, but a small taste of how toxic sports fans can be online. Yeah. And the Wwn Bs just get, Sports fans are mean and ugly. They're, they're just getting a, a tiny nibble of the, of what really goes on. Like the WNBA. If you are, if you compare that to NBA Twitter or what's, what happens on NBA social media. It's way, way worse in the NBA, although, I think, but now it's like a new gr a new fan base being exposed to how crazy sports fans get online and Yeah. That's kind of, that's kind of the world that we live in. I think though, the only difference is like NBA Twitter is fun for the most part. People are trying to have fun to get jokes off.


Not for, not for Hank Well, Hank is specifically talking about the other night, WWN BS Twitter just takes itself way too seriously. It just can't, it can't. Every, every foul. Can't be, can't be the most egregious thing that that's happening in race relations in the world. Where I get lost is kinda like the white boy Rick. Like when, like NBA Twitter is absolutely ruthless to every single player. Right. Right. Making fun of them. Right. Like every single night's a meme, doesn't matter how good they are, jokes are made at their expense. So like the angel people getting mad about a clip where Angel Reese is dribbling the ball at her face. Yeah. And kind of like poking fun at her. That's, that's what sports Twitter is. It's Just like, that's where NBA Twitter.


Yeah. Like they, they have a, a, a, a quiet agreement that you can just be mean to everyone and no one's gonna really take it too personal. I Saw, I saw Jalen Brown's face as Osama Bin Laden the other day. Yeah. So now if I'm Angel Reese, it some advice for both Angel and Kaitlyn just don't be on social media because I, I would imagine that most of the really, really bad shit that you deal with is from people that are DMing you from anonymous accounts, probably saying some really, really bad stuff. And then you take reading all that into the real world, and then you just assume the worst about your opponents fans and all this shit. I would just log off, have somebody else run your social media, do your ad deals, do all that shit for you.


But don't, I, I would stay off. I'd imagine they are. That's Also where I lose Ain't the angel argument a little bit too. 'cause I do think, which is rightfully so, and, and, and not a bad thing at all. Like, it's good if she kind of flip flops between like, I'm a villain, right? I have a podcast, right. I do all these magazine shoots. Like I'm, I'm putting myself out there. But then she kind of takes the other side of like, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm just a basketball player trying to do my job. Like, She doesn't fully want to get embraced, like the Bill Libe role. Yeah. I think you have to be, that has to be in you to begin with. Yeah. You can't, like LeBron said, think gonna, I don't think so. 'cause like remember when LeBron went to the, it's even Like the ring. Like that was funny. Yeah. It started the Original. That was good though. Like, she's a good heel and she knows that.


And she says that sometimes, but then will also play victim. Yeah. See, yeah. You can't, you can't need, you can't hate to be hated and love to be loved at the same time. But That's also the problem with the, this entire rivalry again, is that I think that, I think she likes to be the villain in it until they play. And it's like, oh shit, Caitlyn Clark's really good. This kind of sucks. I think she likes to say, I'll be the villain. Yeah. 'cause it makes her feel good in the moment. But she really does not want to be the villain. I also Think that if the Sky beat the fever in a playoff series, she would be the villain. Yeah. She would go back to being the villain. Right. Right. Like, you can't see, I I, I agree with Hank that like, you can't pick and choose when you're on top. You can't be the villain. And then when you're on, when you're losing, be like, oh no, I don't want this.


Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Like, you can't have both. You can't, you can't. You need that both. I mean, It's a dream line. It's kind of like Dream Line. Yeah. Dream Line does something similar. Yeah. All I know is that they should just play these, these games every single week. There should be a Sky Fever game every Saturday and they're playing in, in Chicago next. Love it. We should go. I feel like we should go to that one. We Should go Just supporting both sides. What is the date? I forget. It's on a Saturday though. All Right. I'm out. But I'll watch the highlights on Twitter when people have Yeah, I don't think I was ever in, I think I'm gonna go just as, Yeah. Hank was not in just as A peacemaker. June 7th. Is that a, is that a Saturday? 7:00 PM Yeah. Nope.


Definitely. Okay. You know those, you know the, I'm Gonna take a rain check. You know the Wait, what? What is it in Rosemont? No, it, its at the United Center. No, it, no, It's the Win Trust. Oh no, they played that game at the United Center. Oh, they, they moved that game to the United Center. Yeah. The Sky Fever. You better Believe it. Oh, that's awesome. I thought they Played their games. Kailin Clark Effect. I might. And Angel Reese effect. I might go to the game. You know the guys that wear the Orange United around around Chicago and they try to neutralize situations. Yeah. You know them. Yeah. I think I might do that at this game. Just to try to calm everybody down. I forgot they were moving a lot of these Caitlyn Clark games to bigger places. What were you gonna say, Hank? I'm still out. But the United Center makes it a little more appealing. Well, Wintrust is downtown too. They play At, Oh yeah.


They, they played the, they they played their games at Wintrust because of Caitlyn Clark. They're playing it at United Center. Nice. I think they did the same thing for some other games. I can't remember where. I think maybe San San Antonio have a team. I don't think so. Okay. Sparks? No. No. Dallas. I think Wings. You know what we're, we're just Sky Fever guys. Yeah. Just let me know when this game is happening. We're Sky Fever. Yeah, The Stars The Star? No, that's the Oh, the Stars. The San Antonio Stars. Yeah. Is that a, I'm pretty sure they moved that one to the Alamo Dome. Oh, they do have a team. Yeah. Yeah. We knew All we know we A-W-N-B-A. Come on guys. All I know is that every National sports podcast for a reason.


It's, This is all a big distraction and the mystics are two and Oh, and nobody's talking about that. There you go. They're all about these, these other teams. Alright, let's do Hot Seat Kolter and then we'll get to our interviews. We got, oh wait, no, no. San Antonio Stars. Were a Professional basketball. Okay, so we listen hand up. We we're fans. We have a nostalgia brain with the WNBA bring back the Stars. We were bigger fans 10 years ago, if we're gonna be honest. That's All I'm saying is bring the stars back. So they didn't move the game to the Almo too. They moved one of the games. I don't know where. One of the games. So find the game. They moved so I could, so I can take a half a point.


One of the games they moved to a bigger arena similar to the Wintrust to the United Center. You're talking about they moved at some point in WNBA history. They moved a game in San Antonio from No, no, no, no. I'm saying they moved, they've been moving games for Kaitlyn Clark to bigger arenas, so that's why the Oh, okay. So Dallas. I was right. Texas. Yeah. They moved it from, they, they moved it to a bigger arena. That's the Kaitlyn Clark effect. Is that like when they go to these cities, they've been moving the venue. Yeah. Similar Wintrust United Center to a bigger venue because the tickets are so crazy.


Alright, let's do Hot Seat. Cool. Thrown. It is brought to you by our friends at Body Armor. This segment is brought to you by Body Armor Sports Drink. Body Armor has great tasting flavors like strawberry banana and orange mango with no artificial dyes. Flavors are sweeteners in a bold new look with the same great taste. Get your body armor today at Walmart or a local grocery store near you. Body Armor. Choose better. We love Body Armor. They got the new look bottles. Strawberry Banana. My absolute favorite. Go get it today. Body Armor. Choose better, bold new look with same great taste. Get your body armor today at Walmart or a local grocery store near you.


Hank Hot Seat quilt. Throw The Hot Seat. Is Juan Soto? Yeah. Probably might be regretting the, the crosstown move Yankees to Mets and, 'cause I do think this is like, a lot of the reports I've seen are from Yankees kind of bias media. Tommy Smokes. Tommy Smokes. Michael K Well, it's like Tommy Smokes John Boy. Michael K Yeah. Are the ones, you know, pushing this story forward. Michael k said, people in the know say one soda wanted to be a Yankee. He chose the Yankees, but his family wanted him to be a met. So he chose the Mets. This Feels like cope from the Yankees And, but the private Jet one, they're they're, What was that? He's taking private jets instead of traveling with the team.


Good For him. How, How common is that? Can't be common. I can't be common. Jeff Passin denounced this. Oh, okay. So that was from John. Boy, that one. Okay. So That that alright. That I'm thinking he might have taken a private jet at some point for some specific reason. Like there could, yeah, there could be a a a a series in the middle of summer where he is bringing his family. Yeah. He's like, oh yeah, I'll just hop on with them. Or he, there's like no way he's taking a private jet for every, that's just a waste of money. Or He is got like a family event that he's, he has to make it back for. Yeah. So he takes a slightly earlier flight. I, this is big time cope by Yankees fans. And I get it. You're not used to losing out on the big fish and especially not losing out on a big fish that goes just right across town.


So listen, you gotta you gotta get through it somehow. So if you just wanna tell yourself stories that that's fine. Yeah. Deal with it. But Mets fans, I mean memes, you, you, you tell us Mets fans aren't happy with them either. Oh. Why is he hitting one 50? That's what Frank said. Oh, He doesn't look happy. He didn't run first base against the Yankees. But that's the thing. It's like there's one play where he didn't run as hard as he possibly could to first base another. I'm gonna, I Personally don't give a fuck. He's on the team for however many years, so it doesn't matter. You Never met. I guess what memes, he's awesome at baseball. I got A bad take that I'm gonna say out loud. If someone paid me $700 million to play baseball, I would sometimes not run to first base. 'cause I would probably just be distracted and be like, shit, why am I running to first base?


I have $700 million. That was an out, That's the thing is like, if you reach that point where you get that massive contract, you won. Yeah. Right. You won. Be hard to get motivated. I'll just be totally honest. It's human nature. You're one and Oh, lifetime. Right. And you're gonna retire with that Record. Like imagine striking out with a $700 million contract. Can you be that bummed? No, I don't think he did. Yeah, but have you seen his projected numbers for his 15 years? Other than That? Oh, tell me about the projected numbers. Point. Oh, 50 average. This isn't the whole 15 years. 34 home runs. 120 rbis in 2087 Double plays. Wow. 2000. Would that be a record? When Was this? 34 Home runs baseball Reference This, this was Frank the Tank.


Fleming. Oh, Okay. That's crazy. Two th over almost 3000 double Plays. Wow. And only 34 home runs. Two home runs a year for, yeah. Oh Man. I mean that Probably means that Where, where's he hitting in the order? Fourth Probably. Yeah. That means that whoever's hitting ahead of him is gonna be basically like the hit king. Yeah. He'll get 370 caper in doe Double play. Mm. By the way, speaking of home runs, Kyle Schwarber hit his 16th, his one back from Sho. Hey. He should maybe be MVP Cubs are good, right? Kyle Schwarber is not on the Cub. I mean the Kyle Schwar. Oh, he should. With a San Antonio. Stop sch on The Cubs. I'm an idiot. Oh, That Bad moment. No. Our guy, Kyle Stowers, who, if you didn't listen to this show on Monday, Kyle Stowers and Tyler Phillips were awesome on the show.


I, it's a little different. We obviously don't have a ton of baseball guests, but they were just cool dudes. He had a, a big hit and beat the Cubs on Monday night. That sucked. Kyle Tucker maybe not running out to get a a a final out. Maybe not running as hard as he can, but he actually doesn't have an excuse 'cause he hasn't gotten the $500 million contract. Yeah. He's got no quit. He can't, He's not allowed to quit. Might've could've gotten it. I, it became one of my favorite things that we do as sports fans, especially online. I dunno if you could pull up the, the Kyle Tucker. He, he might have been able to get to it. He's not the fastest guy, but he, there were two outs and there was a ball hit to him and it went past him.


And then the, the Marlins ended up winning an extra innings, or sorry, in, in they walked it off. And just having a bunch of people being like, I would've caught that. Like me, I run a lot harder and I fucking get that ball. I do love that discourse though about Juan Soto. Like, I wish that he would've run harder to first base on this. He therefore he's not worth the money that we paid him. Yeah. On this one hit. Ideally, yeah. You'd like your players, but yeah. To your point, Big Cat, if you won the lottery, would, would you, would you still take the trash out every single day? I'll tell you what, if I won the lottery, I would podcast and then like, if you guys brought up a story I hadn't seen, I'd just be like, I don't care. Yeah. That would be me not running to first base. I'd just refresh my bank account. Like ab in a team meeting.


Yeah. She's be like, what are you saying Hank? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm looking at all the zeros. You Max is just in a torture chamber trying to Find, finding like, ba baseball highlights are so Hard. Well x If they're not, if they're not ho Yeah. X the everything app doesn't exactly have the best search bar anymore. So it is what? It's alright. Hank, what's your cool throne? Cool throne is the All American rejects. Oh yeah, I saw this. This is, this is very cool. They're doing a, a backyard tour. Oh, that's awesome. Across the Midwest. Yeah. They're Just showing up in people's backyards. I think they're plenty. They have Bit, they have a signup sheet that you can book them for a backyard park. They were In Chicago.


Yeah. Yeah. They did Backyard did this the other night, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's Awesome. Like they just, were at a house party, which is one of the coolest things. This is something if I were a very famous musician, I would do all the time. Like remember when we were in Atlanta for the Super Bowl And we went to the Northside Tavern Great fucking bar. Shout out Northside Tavern. Everyone was like, oh, you should have been here last night at two in the morning. Dave Grohl came up and played for like an hour. Yeah, I would do that too. That's so cool. It's like the, I I would get dressed up though as an old guy like Uncle Drew. Yeah. I would just be like, can you believe this old man got up there and then sang a song and sounded exactly like, good Charlotte remember? And they'd take the mask off. It's me Bingey. Yeah. Jewel did that. Yeah. I remember that video.


She dressed, she like put on prosthetics and did a karaoke night. Yeah. It was like, holy shit. This woman's incredible. This is very cool. I like the All American rejects. Good for them. Yeah. Very cool. Cool term. Okay. PFT My Hot Seat is the tush push. Mm. Again, so they've, they've officially put this rule out there. They're gonna be voting on it this week about whether or not the tush push should be banned. And it's all the reporting on it makes it seem like it has a possibility of getting banned now. Breaking moose, moose breaking huge moose glass banger's outta jail. Okay. Murder glass bang's outta jail. Talk to to about B, but that's pretty big.


Oh, you, you were holding the cow back in case it was Jordan. Yeah. That's, that's illegal. You have to do breaking. Well, I didn't know if you, it could have been satirical. Yeah, he's, he's outta jail. He spread the word LFG stars. Bang. He's tweeted. So, So how did that come across your timeline? Liam Bluman sent it to Me. Oh, sick. Yeah, He, he, he just said outta jail. Okay, well that's, yeah. That's, that's gonna affect how I bet on that series for sure. Yeah, Absolutely. Okay, sorry. Touch push. So the Packers propose the rule change. We know that, that way there's no owner that everybody can get mad at. You just get mad at the entire city of Green Bay and Matt LaFleur has to go on podcasts and take the bullets when it's not him that's proposing the rule change, but And be and be called a Pussy.


Yeah. It does sound like, sorry about that Matt. It does sound like it might get banned this year. And again, I'm opposed to banning the tush push. Just figure out a way to stop it. But also if they do ban it, I'll be pumped because I was on the side saying don't ban it, but now I don't have to deal with it anymore. Correct. So I'm playing both sides As a podcast. We do not want the tush swish band. It's very unfair. But if it got banned, I will not get in front of It. It's very unfair to to ban it. You can't ban it a play because one team is way better at it than every other team. Oh. But if it does get banned, that's awesome. Congrats. By the way, on Nick Siri's new contract, max, you wanted him fired how many times in his tenure at the, with the Philadelphia Eagles? Zero Times's. Why? I don't know what you're talking about. I never said that.


I think, I think the real issue that they should deal with, with the tush push, don't ban it. Just let the defense do the exact same thing where you can throw guys at the play. Yeah. Fight fire with fire. Yeah. I think they do that. I don't think that you're allowed to Well you're allowed to push. Yeah, you can. He's saying throw guys over the line. Yeah. What are the rules on defense? You saying launch, Like People Like miff them up and throw Well, can you, can you propel a player on defense? Can you grab a player on defense and then push them? You can towards the ball. Yeah, you can Definitely It's reverse Mike Leach. Yeah. Like getting a, a shorter person and and launching them over the line. Yeah. I don't understand why they keep saying player safety when no player's ever gotten hurt from the play.


Yeah, no, it, It makes no sense. They're trying Chris Jones, they're trying to scare you. Yeah. No player has ever gotten hurt. Chris Jones. Max, let me just follow what you're saying real quick. Are you saying that the NFL doesn't care about player safety? Yeah. No. What? But they're, Are you serious? They're just, they're just whiny babies. Max. The NFL does not care about player safety. They just say players. It's basically the all due respect of the NFL where they can say whatever they want afterwards. They say player safety and then they're like, yeah, you know what, let's send a team to fucking Spain and play on weird grass and then have them come back and play a game six days later. But we care about player safety.


That's That's fair. That's fair. That's Fair. That's the whole, that's the whole thing they do Also, Defenses are, maybe this is just kicking plays. It might be on, they're not allowed to push or pull their own teammates is what I'm reading in the rule book right now. Might just be on kicking plays though. PFT the other rule that is up for grabs this week, which I am gonna be upset about, is they are proposing to do playoff seating one through seven strictly based on record automatically get in if you are a wild card or if you win the division. Yep. But they're gonna do it on record. I hate this. I Don't like it either. 'cause it's fun when you have a team that's below 500 that somehow wins a playoff game.


It also doesn't make sense if you, if you're gonna have like the division winner should get a home playoff game, that should be it. Like some years it sucks. Last year, this is all reaction to one year where the NFC North was really good and, and the Packers and Vikings had really good records and they had to go all the way down to the wild card. They're making the argument because they did this whole slide show. I read this article that they essentially showed that week 17 and 18 will have less starters sitting because they'll be just more up for grabs. Like last year the Eagles could have gone down to the three seed. The Texans were locked into the four seed last year. They could have gone all the way down to seven. So their argument is you have to play the whole season.


I get that part. I just think that if you're gonna play a lopsided schedule where you play six teams in your division, you should reward the winner of that division. I Agree. If you're, If if you're not going to then get, then get rid of divisions, which would also Suck. If you're in a great division, then Yes, absolutely. If it, it means more if you're able to beat that division. Get ho it puts more on the line in those games. Yeah. So I, I agree with this. I think it's reactionary to like this one thing that happened that could have blown up in their faces, but it didn't even really blow up in their faces that much. Yeah. I'm just scared that once. 'cause my, my knee jerk reaction was like, this is stupid. They're, they're being, being reactionary. And then I saw that someone put together a slideshow about the ratings and week 17 and 18 starters.


And that makes me nervous because if there's one thing the NFL will do is change everything so that more people watch. That's True. So that's where I'm scared that this could pass. There're Also voting on whether or not to allow players to play in the Olympics in flag Football. Yes. I think that passed. Which did It officially passed. Okay. It passed. And so you can make the rule saying that the players are allowed to play in the Olympics. But I don't know if you've seen the flag football players that we already have playing flag football. Oh yeah. And I don't know that Patrick Mahomes would be an upgrade on what we got at quarterback. No, we got we got that guy who's like five eight. Right. 170 pounds. Who throws It? So weird. But he said he is better than Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. Flag football Specialist. Patrick Mahomes wouldn't understand this game.


Pretty sure Patrick Mahomes would be able to be good at flag Football. No, not better than this guy. It's true. This guy is, he's dialed in. He doesn't, Patrick Holmes doesn't understand the rules of flag Football. It's so arrogant for NFL players to think that they can just go in and dominate football. Could you imagine Lamar trying to get Lamar Jackson's flag? It would be so funny. Oh, I can't wait for the schedule release video that we do for the US Flag football team. Yeah. Just roasting every other country. I'm just imagining like a, a Croatian dude trying to grab the flag of Lamar Jackson. Yeah, That's that. We he would never, he would never be down or Tyreek Hill. Yeah. Oh man. Alright. Your cool throne. My cool throne is, I got two.


One is Friendship. Oh. Friendships on the Cool Throne. As we discussed a couple months ago, I, I drunkenly ordered eight tickets to go see ac DC and then I had Greer give away all the tickets. 'cause I didn't wanna feel anyone to feel left out in this office. Smart Move. I got a little notification yesterday from one of the people that had committed to going Ben Menz. Oh no. And he got an offer for another ticket. A better offer. I think. I think my ticket might be better. I didn't ask, but Ben was like, is it cool if I take this other ticket and then you can have my ticket? Wait, so he gifted your ticket back to You? My ticket back to me. What a guy. So now Hank, I'd like to formally invite you to go see a CDC on Saturday at Soldier Field.


I actually, I mean, I appreciate the offer. I do have a, I got family in town Man. 'cause you've been complaining about not getting to go see a CDC. Well, I accepted it initially and then when you took it away from me, I made other plans. Okay. Well Hank, I want, I want to give you, don't you Have someone else you need to get a ticket for? What about me? I'll Pick out. Would you like to go? I'll Accept the ticket. Okay. Hank, would you like to take my ticket? No. Oh, All right. I'm gonna give my ticket back. Tell you what? No, I'm giving you have someone else you need to give a ticket to. I'm giving big cat's ticket back to Big Cat. Ooh. And now Big Cat gets to decide who gets the last ticket to the ac CDC. I can't go. You're not gonna take a free ticket. I would love to. I got, I got other, I got res commitments.


You got got Kohls. What Was that? Responsibilities? Do you have 18 commitments on Saturday? No. What if we got you another ticket? Let's Get him two. Two tickets. Yeah. Alright, so, so we just gotta get you one more ticket. You know what, let's get, let's get, let's convince mi he's gotta give us that extra ticket. The new ticket that he has. That he has. We'll get that one from Give two to Hank. Okay. Hank's in No Big Cat. You are now officially in charge of giving away this last ticket. Okay. To somebody. I actually think there might be a ticket up for gr I think, I think I heard someone, someone bailed in the, in the Greer crew. Okay. So Now we got two tickets. Am I gonna end up with all the tickets now? Do you want me to ask if there's an extra ticket? I could, I could. Yeah. I I Got extra ticket. Well, Hank Wants to go and Greer's got an extra ticket.


So we've got two extra tickets right now. So Hank's gonna go then I would go. Yeah, you Would go if there were two tickets. Yeah. You would take two tickets and then just not use one and use one. No, he's gonna, he's gonna use the other one. He's gonna go with someone. My cousin is, is staying like, he's moving in on Sunday. So he is staying with me Saturday. So I don't wanna just leave him high dry. Okay. He's moving. He's moving to Chicago. Chicago. Oh, nice. Where'd he get a job? He's interning. He's got an internship. My other cool throne is acting, acting on, I can't believe we didn't talk about this on, on Sunday or maybe even Friday when it came out. There's a movie coming out about the Raiders and Yes. Oh yeah.


Yes. It, It's, I thought this was Ai. I me too When I first saw it, it's gonna start Nick Cage and Christian Bale. Nick Cage is gonna play John Madden. It looks so good. Which is incredible. By the way, I watched The Rock on Saturday. It still holds up. Oh Of course. It's A fucking banger of movie. Movie. Oh, I'm gonna watch it. Yeah. It's so good. Loses Cry about their best winners. Go home and fuck to the prom queen. It's so good. Look at this. This is and yeah, Christian a Yeah. Christian Ba and Nick Cage. Christian Bale is Al Davis. Nick Cage is John Madden. I saw Somewhere. Shane Gil is in it. Yeah. I gotta I gotta say they nailed the pants and Yeah, they did. I've seen a bunch of pictures of Nick Cage walking around wearing pants and it's like, those are John Madden.


1970s pants. A Hundred percent. I'm so excited. It's hard to do a good sports movie. Like there's a lot more. I feel like there's more bad sports movies than good ones. Yep. So I'm, I'm rooting for this. Well Here's the thing about, I think The F1 movie with Brad Pitt will be good too. Ford verse Ferrari. No, that movie's great. Shout out Peter Turner. No, there's a new one that's coming out. Oh, Okay. The, the thing with sports movies, they get a lot better if they have the official logos. Yes. So like draft day would've sucked as a movie. Yes. Like terrible acting from whoever played the running back that was drafted by the Browns. I forget that guy's name. Anybody sucked. But if they didn't have the official logos for the teams, that movie would suck. They had the official logos and the movie was awesome. Yeah. This is gonna have the official logos.


So now I'm gonna watch 'em be like, is this the NFL? This is awesome. I think I'm watching the NFL right now. Yeah. I'm watching football. It'll trick me into thinking the movie's Good no matter. And also with those two acting, fuck yes. Sign me up. Yeah. Okay. My Hot Seat is the Phoenix Suns. Phoenix Suns. As everyone remembers, they sold their team. Who was the old owner's names Robert Sarver. That sounds right. Yeah. For kind of institutional chaos in the Phoenix Suns. I think he was a wee bit of a racist. Maybe allegedly. I can't remember the, an NBA owner. I can't, I can't remember the details to it, but that's neither here nor there. Matt ish B bought the team. And guess what, they're back in it because there's a lawsuit now out that son, CEO Josh Bartelstein might have had an inappropriate relationship with Sophie Cunningham who played on the Phoenix Mercury.


Hmm. So the sons are back in it. So this guy Bartelstein, I looked him up. You know he was a, a college basketball Player. Yeah. Michigan. He's a Michigan man. He Played in Michigan. This is what I think of when I think of Michigan. Man. This guy. And yeah, I, I kind of like having chaos around ownership groups in the NBA. I don't know what to think about this one. Was this an affair or was it, or Allegations of an affair. There was a, I think there's been three different lawsuits filed against the sons for like, you know, bad workplace, unsafe conditions, discrimination. They basically have just been getting the same thing the old owner got.


And then in one of these lawsuits, I think it was an old, an ex security guard, like team security guard who filed a lawsuit about racial discrimination and demotion. And in that he was like, oh yeah, the son CEO and Sophie Cunningham are fucking, So do we know that that's true. It's all alleged as right now. But it's just also very funny because the suns are just backing it. If true, you probably need to fire that guy. Yeah. I don't think that you can be bang At least fire him from the mercury side of it. 'cause he is the CEO of both. Yeah. Well, unless he's sleeping with any of the dudes. That's True. You, you're gonna have to do a little research. Gonna have to do a little research Also. My Hot Seat is, and this guy seems like a nice guy, but I have a problem with his reporting.


I dunno if you guys saw, but in the, in BP the other night, on Monday night, there was a Reds player who hit a pigeon with a, I think it was, I think he hit the ball and hit a pigeon. Yeah. Charlie Goldsmith reported in batting practice today. Red's player hit a pigeon with a line drive. Unfortunately the pigeon passed away immediately. I immediately was like RIP to the pigeon. I feel terrible that we love that pigeon. I missed his update. He said update the pigeon is alive, but he is essentially on life support. I don't know what pigeon life support is. So maybe they, they injected him with that stuff that lowers the body temperature. Yeah. And just put him up, put 'em in the coma. Yeah. It's a miracle on ice. Yeah. Yeah. I think that this pigeon, if it, if it pulls through, then the reds are the team of destiny.


Yeah. I I haven't gotten an update on what's happening with the pi. I mean the pigeon also could have had, do not resuscitate on his license. Is the pigeon brain dead? Yeah. So they, so they could have, the pigeon family could have pulled the, pulled the plug. So they've just got maybe a pigeon in a hospital bed with like a feeding tube of, of mushed up sunflower seeds that's just going right into its stomach. Just trash. Yeah. Just, it's just, it's just like a solo cup and trash going just ground up into his feeding Tube. Yeah. This is, I mean this is sad stuff. Real sad stuff. I hope, I hope the pigeon's okay. It would be a amazing comeback. Would be amazing. It's, it's actually Cincinnati man. Yeah, Yeah. Something with the animals There, right? Yeah. Well said Hank.


We can throw it in there. I mean the It's true. Yeah. The advancements they've, they've made in bird health. Yeah. DeMar Is kind of crazy. Birds for DeMar Harambe or Sweet Prince. Yeah. I mean bo both those things. Yeah. Yeah. I mean this happened on a, on a Harambe obviously part of it 'cause the animal. But DeMar died for a second on a field. So did this pigeon. Yeah. I mean if this happened at a Bengals practice, the jokes would just be like, oh, another season curse by injuries for the Bengals. We need to get a name on this pigeon. I need an update on this pigeon. And then my cool throw is Tom Cruise. 'cause he eats two buckets of popcorn at the movie theaters. And that is awesome. That's very relatable.


One bucket is never enough. You guys do I try to do what, what was that face mask? One, one bucket is is plenty. One bucket Is, no, it's, I Have You seen that? I've never One bucket. I'm the fact guy. I've come close to even like putting a, I don't even put a dent in the, I Don't get a second bucket, but I finished my bucket before the movie starts. That's soft on Hampton and Max part. I can't True dude. Because you never that, that one bucket of popcorn. You can finish that. But there's studies. I I Don't believe that you, you guys have never, I don't believe for a second You've never finished a popcorn. Oh, Never. I finished my popcorn before the movie starts. Maybe if I was in like a, like me and one other person. I've, I've, I've never like gotten gotten to the bottom of The person.


You're soft. Yeah. That is soft. I finished, I finish one popcorn every time. Also the end of the popcorn is always kind of like, you know, when it's like ground up when you, the the bottom of the popcorn can't be great. So that's where I would go. Get a second. I never really get up and get a second because usually that's right when the movie's starting and I don't wanna miss it, but I like this move by Tom Cruise. That's a beast move. I went to a movie and He definitely knows like the best parts time to get a popcorn. Right. That is true. I'm Not in this scene for the next five minutes. I went to a movie a couple weeks ago. My very first bite of popcorn got a kernel stuck right in between on the very first bite. Ah, nothing will ruin your day. Like bite number one. Worst, the worst, worst feel. We should do that for Mount Rush for Worst minor inconveniences.


Yeah, We might've done that. We did definitely probably twice. But I don't, I don't remember ever talking about the popcorn kernel in your Mouth. Tom Cruise. Just throwing on the charm there. Look at him. Look at that. He's just popping it back. Oh, that's not even a bucket. That's a small, yeah, That's, that's Different. That is different. He's eating a small, like a, a bag. You know what that bag is? That's like a bag that give you at a, a screening of an important movie that comes out, Hey, here's your, your popcorn. And if you get a small, when you're actually at a movie that you pay for, the small is about like, it's the size of a, a keg. It's crazy. Shout out Tom. These are still small. I'm, I'm looking at another picture of him eating buckets. Another, it's another smaller Bucket. Yeah. See this is free popcorn Shadow Tom Cruise. Like the whole Scientology thing is very weird.


And you probably knows where Shelly Miscavige like is her body is buried and everything. He just was like, yeah, I'm gonna put out a new Top gun and everyone's gonna forget about that. Yeah. I mean Scientology say what you want about the religion, but they picked the best spokesman that they could ever get Tom Cruise. But seriously, like he, it felt like the block was getting a little hot with the documentaries and everything. He's like, I know. Top Gun Two. Yeah. Yeah. People won't care anymore. It was a banger of movie. It was such A good movie. It Movie was really good. I can't wait for Top Gun three. Alright, let's get to our interviews. We've got biz and then we've got our guy Chris Berman, the Schwam


Before we get to Biz. He's brought to you by truly and they're truly unruly Lemonade. It combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite Lemonade. Lemonade Let loose. It's 8% a BVA hundred percent delicious. The most refreshing flavor I think is the bump and Blue Ra Great on the golf course. Great. If you're grilling, great. If you're having a party, great. If you're just hanging out in the summertime, the perfect summer drink is the truly unruly lemonade bump and blue RA is my favorite. They've also got OG original Lemonade punched up pineapple and they've got wild pink. Can't go wrong with any of those flavors. It's the official hard seltzer part of my take. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly, find out a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com. That's truly hard. seltzer.com. And now here's Paul Binet.


Okay, we now welcome on our very, very, very, very good friend and very special guest. It is Paul Bissonnet. You can listen him on Spit and Chiclets. You can see him on TNT. He might be the saddest guy in the world right now. We're two days removed from the leaves, getting absolutely shit pumped at home in a game seven and biz. Let's start with that game because we wanna talk about the conference finals and who you have to win, but how are you doing your fully, like, do you know that you can take off the Leaf skier now? I just figured I'd come in costume. Right? I've been a clown for them all playoffs long, but not so much sad, just disappointing.


Like, you know, I knew Florida was a, a great team defending Stanley Cup champions, but for them to show up like that in games five and seven at home, I, I just, I couldn't believe it. I thought they took their shit in game five. So coming back, especially after the way they played in Game six on the road where they locked it up defensively, you know, they, they didn't make many stupid plays. They were great defensively. Penalty kill was good. I was just shocked to see them come home and, and lay an egg like that. But ultimately the pressure was too much. And credit to the Florida Panthers, man, they fucking beat the shit outta the Leafs. Like as far as defensemen and, and hits taken throughout playoffs. I believe the Leafs, their top five defensemen were in the top seven as far as hits taken.


Chris Tana being the, the most over a hundred hits he took throughout the first two rounds. So Warriors back there. But yeah, just disappointing on, on the effort in game seven. So Where do we go from here? Yeah. Leaf fans. I, I mean, Marner during the game, the cameras obviously caught him, you know, get, maybe he was getting the team fired up, but he looked disappointed. He did a press conference today. Seemed to be non-committal about whether or not he was coming back. I he Ain't coming back. Do we blow it up? Are we blowing it up? I I, I got a question be before that about the Marr clip of him yelling at the team. Was his hair too dry to be yelling like that? Listen, like the, the, I'm asking The, the, the internet's gonna run with it.


I think that like, you know, obviously he's wearing a letter and he is trying to be a leader in that situation. I think it's a little bit difficult when it's a guy like that at that particular time saying something where maybe he hasn't been at his best, especially come that second round. There's a stat, I think he's played like 20 to 22 games, games five to seven throughout his playoff career at the Toronto Maple Leaf. And he doesn't have a goal and he is got seven assists. Ooh. So based on his regular season performance and numbers, like he just hasn't lived up to what, not only he's being paid, but what the hype is in, in crunch time. And I think that that is a little bit of the criticism that's being snapped around as far as the whole Core four.


For those of you listening who are not fully aware of this situation, the Toronto Maple Leaf have had these four guys, John Avaris, Austin Matthews, William Neander and Mitch Marner, who, you know, make it a lot of money. The, the the core group for the Toronto Map Leaf have constantly been criticized about not being able to make it outta the second round. Sometimes they can't even make it outta the first round. And ultimately this was kind of the last season where you were gonna see the four assembled where Mitch Martyr's contracts up, they try to trade him at the deadline for Miko Rotan and that became made public. That would be good. Along all the other, along all the other things where like, I guess you could say Mitch and his camp have felt disrespected and where the Leafs have maybe lacked loyalty towards him.


But at the end of the day, like the Core four hasn't gotten it done. They're all making big, big money. Mitch Marner off his entry level contract sign a deal where he is making $10 million. So there's only been one player who makes $10 million or more who has ever won a Stanley Cup. And that just go speaks to the volumes of how with the hard cap you have to snap the money around and you can't just rely on a couple guys throughout these runs. Like it has to be like you, you, you have to snap the money around. Sergei Browski is that guy who has won it. He's got a cap hit of exactly $10 million. John Avaris is at 11. Austin Matthews who just resigned a contract.


He's making 13 and a half. He was playing hurt throughout these playoffs. I think the diagnosis and what exactly he was playing through will come out later on. He did score in game six. But as far as offensive output compared to the regular season, just like Mitch, he, he struggled also. But I think people are a little bit more lenient on Austin Matthews because he has to play center and he, he's good defensively. He breaks up a lot of plays. I mean in the first two games at home on, in the series against Florida, you know, he, he was there were, there were plus three, like they'd score three goals. They line against Sasha Barkov, who's an incredible two-way centerman for the Florida Panthers. So they were, maybe he wasn't lighting up the score sheet, but he was doing his job stopping him defensively and doing everything else that that is involved in a good 200 foot game.


So John Avaris, who was the older guy who was from Toronto, who was brought in as a free agent, signed a seven year deal where he, when he left the New York Islanders and Frankie, he's, he's done that contract. So I would be surprised that they brought him back. But they might with a hometown discount. So three of the four Core four members might be back. My theory would be that you bring back Lander, you bring back Matthews and you can build around those guys. And with Marner and Riss coming off the books, you have 21 million to spend right there in free agency. Mm. So that's kind of the synopsis as what, as to what's going on. And it's, it's shitty man.


It was brutal. Like to see w with described it perfectly. Like Mitch Marner is a Toronto kid who was drafted top five to them, played for the London Knight in the OHL, gets to live his childhood dream playing for the Toronto Maple Leaf. He's making all star games, putting up 99 point a hundred point seasons. Obviously we talked about his playoff performance, but you know, his last game is a Toronto Maple Leaf. They get beat six one at home and they're getting booed off the ice jerseys on the ice be's being thrown on the ice. Like, just like, not how you thought that it would end for like, you know, a dream scenario of this kid getting to play in his hometown so he won't be back. It sucks. I do feel bad for him as far as the amount of heat that he's probably taking personally.


I don't think that, I think that when you are very vocal and, and a little bit greedy in contract negotiations thinking that you're worth a certain amount and you don't live up to that, especially in crunch time. I mean, it's Toronto. Yeah. You're playing in a big market. You wanna put yourself in that situation and not snap the money around a little bit more other places. Well you're gonna have to fall in the sword, right? I Think that getting guys that are from Toronto might actually just make the problem worse because they've grown up as, you know, the, the, with all the, the Leafs failures that they've had in the Playoffs, like that moment becomes bigger if it's a team that you grew up rooting for and now you're in that moment. Right. Yeah, I, I would agree with that.


'cause you really can't escape it, right? Like your roots are in Toronto. Everybody who knows a Leaves fan like you, you just can't get outta your bubble. And and that's where I, I sympathize for these guys. We had Matthew Uck on to come stuff me in a locker for the what, 14th time this season on yesterday's podcast. And he goes, I feel for those guys they competed, but he goes any other market if they're living somewhere else, I feel like they're a way better team essentially saying that the pressure and of how ridiculous fans are in Toronto, it's counteractive It's not even necessarily home ice advantage. In fact, you'd rather go play on the road like they did in game six, get away from the noise. But Buddy, you're playing in the big smoke.


Like Yeah. Like, you know, I I, you know, be vocal about not not signing there or don't bend them over in contract negotiations and, but, but, but going back though, that is the one of the bigger issues that I have with who was in charge and when they handed these deals over, like I think that, you know, bitch Marner, Austin Matthews, William Lander are incredible players. Neland actually out of his entry level only ended up signing a $7 million deal. So he was being fairly paid, if not maybe a little bit underpaid, but Matthews and Marner got the big tickets. Right. And that's where I feel like they, because they were restricted, if I was the general manager, I would've said, Hey, I, I get that you guys are, are gonna be superstars in this league, but you haven't proven shit.


So this is the number we're prepared to offer you. You're restricted if you don't wanna sign it, sit the fuck at home and we'll get the job done without you until you wanna sign something That's more of a fair deal. I got, I got a fun little game that we can play and then maybe we can move on to some things that aren't maybe Leaf's related. But I'm gonna give you a list of things and you tell me if these things happened before or after. Ooh, the Leafs won their last Stanley Cup. This is good. Okay. Okay. All right. Post-it notes were invented. I would say that those were invented past post and And for people who at home the last time the Leaf won the cup was 67. 67 67. Yeah. That's bang on.


That was, that was after they won the last Stanley Cup. Yep. The Rubik's Cube. I would say the Rubik's cube is after they won the Cup, it's also after they won the cup. Yeah. Next one dialing 9 1 1. I would say that you could, I mean were phones. Yeah. I would say that was before, No, that was after also that was after they won the ATM. Mm Oh for sure. After That was also after the Nation of The Bahamas. After That's also after, yeah. Star Wars After Also after. Correct. And landing on the moon.


After Also after. Yeah, they were all after. Wow. These are all things that have happened since they won the Stanley Cup. Wow. Wasn't that a fun game? That's a tough one. That's a Real tough one. Yeah. That, yeah. Leaps fans are cursed. It's much like the Boston Red Sox before they won theirs, the curse of the bambino. And, and I actually thought that there was a chance, chance maybe there was a chance in that game where kind of like when the, the Boston Red Sox were down in game four. I weren't, weren't they down like three, four, nothing in that game and rallied to win game four and then rattled off four straight wins. Yeah. I thought maybe at, maybe when Max Doy put that in for a split second, I thought there was a possibility they could come back in that game. But 45 seconds later they made it four one and, and and then the onslaught of jerseys and beer started flooding the ice and, and they got booed.


Ty Domi knew when they showed him in the stands. Yeah. He was just like, he didn't even think about celebrating down three one. No. And he was just, it was just steel jaw. Alright, so let's go from bad to worse. So you, the maple leaves lose, you get like mocked online relentlessly. Everyone's laughing at you. Yeah. And then one of your number, one of your like top foes two days later gets outta jail glass banger's outta jail. Correct. And he's gonna go, he's gonna go to the games and see the stars. The rest of conference final. Oh, he might not. I I don't know if they're gonna, I don't think they're gonna let him in the building.


Okay. Okay. So, okay, So for, for those of you who don't know, they've had this long time fan in Dallas who wears an all white suit and he has a, a cardboard cutout that says hashtag bang. And when the play goes in the offensive zone where like when Dallas is there or when the play even comes near him, he's like standing up and banging on the glass and like body checking the glass. He's essentially there sixth man in on the Ford check. But he's so obnoxious and he brings like hookers to the game. So he just completely annoys everybody in his section, including the people who are sitting behind him. Like they don't wanna see this guy standing up blocking the, the vision and, and and creating all this noise.


And nobody likes glass bangers at hockey games. It's a full pot. You don't bang on the glass. Like those people are the most painful, annoying people on the planet. So he apparently had a bunch of DUIs and then like didn't show up for his court date. And in December of 2024, so about what, six months ago, five, six months ago he got thrown in the clink. So he was gone. Obviously he wasn't in his seats for the first two rounds. Well I think he just got out in the last couple days. Yep. So the Dallas Stars have been rolling. They beat the Colorado Avalanche who, who people a lot of people thought could win the Stanley Cup with the roster they had. They didn't have their top score and best defensemen the lineup they get through Colorado.


Well their top score comes back. They still were waiting on their best defensemen while they end up winning the last round and getting through that one against the Winnipeg Jetson six games. So all of a sudden, hey, smooth sailing, they're gonna play the Edmonton Oilers a very difficult conference finals. And then he drops the hammer today on, on Twitter that he's back And they get their best fan back. Holy shit. So I would say best slash worst depends who you ask, right? I think in his own Mind, I just love the rivalry you have with him. Yeah. It's not, I'm just, I'm just fascinated by him. 'cause the leafs have never gone against him. It's more about like, is he aware that his own fans hate his guts? Yeah, I'm sure he is aware of that.


Is he actually gonna be in his seats come game one of the, the conference finals? 'cause they have home nice advantage, right? Wit's loving this. Like, he's like wit might buy his tickets to put him in that seat. 'cause he's such a mush for them and he's more of a distraction than a, than a fan. Including rattling all the other people who have had peace and quiet for this last six months at Dallas Stars games. Yeah. Yeah. So, So, but think about the prostitutes. They're gonna be happy. Oh yeah. The the the money train. The money trains back. The bartenders. I'm gonna show, I'll, I'll, I'll show your, your viewers a, a picture of him unless you guys are able to pick it. Yeah, it You can send it to me and we'll put it in the YouTube. Yeah. Yep. Look, I'm back baby.


I'm back baby. Oh man. I just love any fans that think they matter this much. It's the best. This is what makes sports so funny. But he think, he thinks you should be paid like Mitch Marner. Yeah, Right, right. This is so, alright, so let's talk about this series. Who's gonna win and how is wit feeling? So I picked the Oilers and then Whit said, no, you can't, you're done. You're a mush. Stay away from my team. So then I switched my pick to Dallas in seven. I, I'll be, I'll be heartbroken for either of these teams because Pete Debo, the Dallas Stars head coach, he's never won a Stanley Cup. He's, he's been to the conference finals, I want to say the last seven years guys. And he's been fired in two of those years.


So he went with, I believe San Jose Sharks was one of 'em. And then Vegas, golden Knights was the other one that he went with. And he's just kind of been shipped around and he's found a great home in Dallas. So he's nine and oh in Game sevens in playoff history. So if it does go seven Lookout, he's undefeated. And also Jamie Ben, their captain who hasn't won a Stanley Cup, I would put Jamie Ben up there with like Joe Thornton. And, and the list goes on of a, a certain few like Jerome McGinley like Legends who have, who have never won the big one, who you feel bad if they retire and they never got the hoist to Stanley Connor McDavid, Connor McDavid at this point, but he's only halfway through his career, But he hasn't won the big One and he's in his prime.


But boy, he is like, I, I have a hard time betting against the Oilers right now because you got Leon and Connor the, the biggest dynamic duo in sports right now. And the fact that they're getting secondary scoring finally like the, the, the, I believe that that that they've gotten goals outside of Connor and Leon. I think they have 16 goals right now contributed by like they see their, their like their bottom six slash role guys and all of last year's run, they only had, I believe 12 or 14. So already halfway through playoffs, they've outscored last year's role players, which is huge man, because I talked about it like you're, when you're like with the Toronto Map Leaf, when you're paying all the top guys, like, it's hard because you can't just rely on a few players.


You really truly need everyone. So they've been getting great contributions from everyone. But I Dallas has Home Ice, they're a wagon. They got that Miro Hasken in back who will be the best defensemen in that all around defensemen in that series. Evan Bouchard on Edmonton's side is a lethal offensive defenseman who's been playing incredible. So guys, it's, it's like both of these teams could easily win a Stanley Cup, but the problem is, is they're gonna beat the shit out of each other and then Florida gets to play Carolina, which I think they'll make damage of in about five or six. Oh, and then a little bit easier of a path to get to the Stanley Cup finals. In my opinion.


I think everybody would agree that that Oilers in Dallas playing each other, like those are two, two juggernauts going at it. So With the, with the hurricanes, you think that this is a matchup where the Panthers should dominate. So there's a few things that Carolina has on its side. They have home Ice advantage. They were able to beat Washington in five games. So they do have rest. So they've been sitting there waiting at home for the Leafs and Panthers to finish the seven game series. Well they finished Sunday. I just talked to you about how physical Florida is. Like they, this is, this could be if they make it pass this round, their third straight Stanley Cup final. So that's a lot of hockey being played boys. Like we're not talking about, you know, a, a sport with no with no contact.


We're talking about the one of the most physical, if not the most physical sport in the world, especially based on the grind 82 games and then going through playoffs every other day. So, so Carolina, they got a, they got great goal tending, they have rest, they have home ice advantage. And the fact that Florida has played so much hockey to me, I, I wouldn't be shocked if it goes seven games with Carolina, but I think that Florida should win this series in six, if not maybe five games. Yeah, that's, that's my opinion. And, and and a lot of people have been criticizing Carolina about maybe playing boring hockey. They do compared to like boring hockey.


When the New Jersey devils were doing like the left wing lock and hanging out in the neutral zone and two one games. Like they, like Carolina goes like, they might not get all these amazing glor glorious scoring chances because they tend to just throw a lot of pucks towards the net, maybe from non-threatening positions, but they're also sending guys there and then like on the four check, like they're d you're pinching like they're getting up and they swarm you. So at least it's like fast and in your face where it's like, you know it, it's not just sitting back and, and necessarily extremely boring. And I feel like Florida and Carolina have very similar systems in the sense that they're very aggressive with their d they're great at filtering back and, and like protecting, like the forwards are great at supporting their defensemen who are pushing up.


They both have great goal tending. They both have extremely good penalty kills. I would give the advantage to Florida on the power play. Carolina did struggle earlier in that series against Washington. They started figuring out towards the end. But Florida comes at you like so hard. And then as far as Carolina's concerned, I wanna say they were top one or two penalty kills all season long. And that's, that that's the case every year, year over year. So Interesting. That was, that was the one thing that I came away really impressed with the hurricanes on is their, their penalty kill on the penalty kill. Not only do they stop you from getting shots off and stop you from getting through the neutral zone, they also counter attack really well on the penalty. They get, they get opportunities for shorthanded goal almost every time as a, as a player what makes a great penalty kill?


They, they are just well connected. So they don't just sit back in, in, in like a, a little like they call it the box or sometimes they call it the triangle depending how the offense sets up. You basically like rotate it to take away what the, the offense is trying to accomplish. But they'll have one guy attack where, okay well then the offensive player will move it to the open guy but that next guy for Carolina knows that his guy's going so they anticipate one another. So they all close on you very quick. So you have to make like two, three quick really, really good p plays in order to beat their, their defense where, you know, with how hard they come and how fast they pressure, it's hard like at that, at that level to make like two, three really quick good plays.


And if you're, you're able to accomplish that, you probably will end up getting a scoring chance. So Florida, Florida is, is very strong on their power play because they have good high options with guys who can shoot the puck and have bombs. But they also have really good low plays. So they have a good option everywhere Florida, including Sam Reinhardt who is up for the, one of the best defensive forwards in the NHL, like him and Sasha Barkov on Florida are up for the SY trophy. So not only are they amazing offensive players, but they're being recognized as how good they are defensively. Like Sam Reinhardt's a 50 goal score. So he, he is in their bumper position where if K Chuck doesn't like the low play, he'll hit it, hit him in the slot and boom it's off the stick top corner.


Just a lethal sniper. So I would, like I said advantage power play for Florida but both of them lethal lethal penalty kills and Carolina, they, they roll four lines and they're high energy all game long. They have six great defensemen, four great lines. So they're able to maintain that, that high pace throughout the course of the 60 minutes. Rarely do you see lulls 'cause they're not just relying on the top guys all the time. They spread the ice time out very evenly as does Florida. Yeah, like Florida's got two guys two forwards sitting out that could easily be inserted in the lineup and you wouldn't even notice And we wouldn't even blink and they could put one of those guys like Quist on the top line with Ovv and he would fit right in 'cause Ovv iss just that nasty.


So I think that high, high-end superstar talent also advantage Florida. But let's see if the rest and the home ice and the fact that Florida's beat up can pay dividends for Carolina. 'cause the last three times Carolina's been to the conference finals, they haven't won a game. They got swept by, I believe they got swept by the Pittsburgh Penguins, the Boston Bruins and then last time two years ago, the Florida Panthers like we had the series, the games were very close, they were all, I believe one goal games. But you know, they just, Florida can play any way you want. That's what makes them dogs. Oh you wanna play the up and down game? We'll play that. Oh you wanna lock shit down? We'll lock shit down too.


Oh you wanna try to be physical? Oh yeah, we'll fucking stuff you in a locker. So they are just, they're a Florida's a well well-oiled machine. And who are the two best, most noticeable players on the ice in Game seven against the leaves? Brad Marshan, Seth Jones, the two guys that make deals for at the deadline. So as far as management top to down, Florida's looking good. Rank the four goalies left. Oh wow. So I would probably have to put Bob at the top, but Brosky okay. Just 'cause he's been there, done that. He seems very dialed like maybe not as good early in the series against Toronto, but he tends to figure things out as a series progresses.


And like I said, he's just locked in right now. Guy's got a couple, couple SNAs Stanley Cup champion, he gets the Nod two, I would put Ottinger up and coming. USA goaltender just beat out hella buck who is the starter for team USA at the Four Nations. He, he's really trying to prove himself as the number one American goaltender, especially ahead of next year's Olympics. And he seems very dialed right now. And yeah, I would put him as the number two. And Freddy, I would say shared position at number two with Freddie Anderson. Freddie Anderson's with Carolina, he's dealt with a lot of injuries, blood clots, you name it. Didn't play the whole season this year, he shared the net.


But these playoffs, I think he has the best save percentage right now going in to the, to the conference finals. Like he's been unbelievable. That's a testament to also the guys in front of him and how they play Team defense. He also looks like Ed Sheeran. So there's a little fun fact that is fun. We as him is for Halloween one year. So if you guys wanna check out that costume online. And then last I would put the Oilers Gold tending. It's been shaky. Picard Pickard went in for Stewart Skinner. Stewart Skinner got the reset and he's gotten shutouts in his back to back games in the last round against the Vegas Golden Knight. So no disrespect to him, he's an Edmonton kid. You talked about pressure of being a a Toronto kid playing in Toronto.


He's been, he's been pretty vocal about like the anxiety that he deals with because of the amount of pressure playing in a Canadian market as a starting goaltender. He's got the net back after Calvin Pickard kind of saved them a little bit. And he's posted back to back shutouts against the Vegas Golden Knight. So he's the fourth guy, but like last year he turned it on the later it got in the playoffs. Yeah. So Yeah. And, and the bounce back from the, I mean the horrendous goal he led up for the one game, the Knights one he then bounces back with, with back to back shutouts. So it's like he, that might be a change in like his toughness grit. Like he answered the bell in that It's, you know what Big Cat sometimes when you're maybe playing a little too much hockey, especially as a goaltender, you get away from your fundamentals and you start being a little bit like, like, like slipping around too much, not being in position.


And you know, when I was doing radio for the Phoenix Coyotes, Rick Cockett was the head coach and we had Darcy Kemper and this year he had an incredible year with the LA Kings. He was nominated for the SNA trophy and he was scrambling like that and they gave him like a week to reset with Corey Schwab, the goal tending coach. And then he came back and he was one of the best goaltenders of the rest of the year. So sometime as a goalie, because when you're being put out there, you have to stay focused the whole 60 minutes. Like guys are getting a change in, you know, they make a mistake. Well they got the defense to help 'em out. Well if the defense makes a mistake, they got the goalie to help 'em out. They're the last man there. Right, right.


So sometimes they just need that mental reset, get back to their old techniques and that could pay massive, massive dividends. And, and I'm happy for 'em, man. That's, it must be a mental grind going through a season in Canada like that. Yeah. Yeah. So are you rooting for Ryan Whitney to get a Stanley Cup? Like how, how intolerable is he gonna be? No, he's not nearly as intolerable as I am with the Toronto maple leaf. Like I, I actually give him full marks and full credit and, and you know, for me it's, it's been over 30 years now since Canada has brought home a Stanley Cup. A lot of Americans like to use that against us. I want the Americans to keep in mind these American teams are like built of 50% Canadian players on these rosters that are winning on the Stanley Cup.


But I would like, especially this season after winning four Nations and you know, the, you say all the barking going on in USA, I would like the cup to come back to Canada for that reason. And of course like Conor McDavid man, what he's done for the sport, the most electrifying hockey player we've seen since Wayne Gretzky and just for every, you know, every fiber of his being that he's put into the game and you know, living up in Canada, I I hope he wins the big one. Yeah. 'cause ju just like, I was happy when Ovie won the big one. Right. That was something like a Scarlet letter that was being used against him where, you know, he got that and then nobody ever talked about that again. He can write off into the sunset and I, I really hope that Connor Mcda David and, and Leon Dry said are able to help them win a Stanley Cup and, and like Edmonton, the people of Edmonton are the nicest people on the planet.


Like I really want them to like that's all they live for. Yeah. Yeah. It be, that's it. It'd nice. That's it. It'd Be nice. I I I have one, one question about Ovy because after seeing him in this series, I had some dark thoughts about Ovy after Game five. He didn't seem to really skating around that much. He was kind of just getting out on the ice skating that he looks slow when he was skating. Is this something, should I be worried about Ovie going into next year? I think that next year, like it's the last year of his contract. I think he, he, I believe he signed a three year extension a few years ago. Yeah. He Said he wasn't retiring And he Yeah, he's not, he, he, I I figured he would come back for sure next year. I mean, why wouldn't you? He, he scored what he have 42 goals and he broke his leg and and missed some games.


I think he played just over 60 games. So when you're on that type of heater, like why would you, and they have a solid team around him, so it'll be enjoyable. I would assume they make playoffs again next year. He's just slowing down a little bit. Like it's just, you know, the, the, the, the, the what, what's the term Father Time Is undefeated. Father time fucking writes Big Cat. Yeah. Where to save me there. And I think in playoffs, I think that did hurt them a little bit, if I'm not lying, like yeah, I think that he should have been playing around 15 minutes a game for them to be efficient. And I think that he wanted to play more thinking that he could help the team, but with how fast the Carolina was like they were getting exposed in, in that area.


Like I don't think that Ovy is a 20 minute a game guy now. So I think that next year he will return, I think he'll be playing right where he normally plays in the power play. And I wouldn't be shocked if he scores another 30 goals, but if he continues to slow down, it's just hard in today's day and age to keep up as far as skating. And he has been vocal about wanting to go play one more year and finishing off his career in Russia. Don't know if that's still the case, but I could see him after next year going back to the KHL and, and playing one more year and, and really having his final Swan song and goodbye. Yeah. I really, really hope, and this is not a political conversation at all, next year's Olympics, Russia's not gonna be playing.


It's, it would suck because like politics out the window, it would be probably of Guinea malkins in, in o v's. Last opportunity to play in the Olympics. And there's just so much momentum for the league and there's so many good Russian players that are now coming into the NHL. Like you had Mech Co this year who was in Philadelphia, Caril, Capri Soft, like this kid is a top 10 player in the NHL, no doubt worth the price of admission. This Nian kid who just showed up in Carolina who I didn't mention during my breakdown with them. Like they, like, they would have, like, they could win the a gold medal. That's how good their young guys are along with the nostalgia of having Ovy and Malcolm kind of passing off the torch as well as the fact that it, it probably would be Sidney Crosby's last Olympics, right?


Yeah. Those two guys entered the league at the same time and have carried the torch for 20 years. Like we are blessed as hockey fans that the fact that these kids lived up to every bit of hype and surpassed it like Insurmountably. Yeah. So to see all of, not only Russia, Canada, the list goes on Sweden. Finland, I think Germany's gonna be there with Leon Dry side all like, it would just be so good for the sport with the momentum it has off of four Nations. And would you guys not agree, like, I don't know how hardcore of of hockey fans you are compared to other sports, but nothing has even came close to what the playoffs have provided in the first round. Oh, it's Been great. It's been, yeah, hockey Playoffs are the best.


They're the best. It's insane. Yeah. I Think it, I think the Stanley Cup is the hardest tournament to win. It is, no doubt. I think it's harder to win a Stanley Cup than NBA championship. I know it's impossible to actually measure those together, but just by the vibe of how things go and how hard these teams play, it feels like it's an absolute grinder to get to the Playoffs in hockey. Buddy Florida just finished a seven game series. They went to Toronto, packed for three games and then won that game. Flew to Carolina and now they're playing tonight. Yeah. Like you have the broadcast, so less than 48 hours you're suiting up again for another seven game series playing every other night in these humid temperatures, Carolina, Florida. And then if they win that they gotta go play another round against Edmonton or Dallas and then start on the road.


Like, it's, it's a fucking grind boys and agreed hockey's on a heater. And I have so much respect for these players. All Right, I got one last question for you, Bizz.


We always love having you on Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


I want you to be honest with this question. Game six Leafs Panthers happens. Was there a small part of you that was like, holy shit, oldie is my good luck charm. We're gonna win it all with oldie. I thought that by the time that Toronto's run was over, there would be a statue of him outside of Scotiabank. I I, 'cause I had the same feeling. I was like, oh my God, I think maybe this is, I think oldie may, may be able to pull this off. So you, the craziest part about all this, so like, let's talk, let's talk about oldie for a second. How this all came to be, I believe during Four Nations. I came on your pod and you guys were talking about the stream you're gonna have and I said we need Canadian representation.


Yep. You guys kind of got the ball going on that you had about four or five people who you were considering for applicants to come in and watch it. And then Yans must have, I think he listens to every single one of your shows and he said, boys, I gotta send in this oldie guy. Yep. So he put you guys in touch with this oldie and you're, you saw one second of his videos and you're like, this guy's electric, we're bringing him in. So he does what he does on your guys' stream. You guys hire him, he becomes famous overnight. Rightfully so. Even though he'd done a bunch of stuff for NHL guys and teams in the past. So fast forward to the other day where I, before he za came on your podcast, I mentioned that I was going back to Wellon, Ontario for game five to go to a local watering hole to bring luck to the Leafs.


So Yans was trying to figure out where I was gonna go and he said on your show, he is like, I'm gonna have oldie buddy him up oldie buddy him up. Yeah. And, and try to get information so I could send Panthers fans to where biz is watching the game to fuck with their mojo. Well, oldie listened to that and then he dmd me on Twitter, then he tried to call me on Twitter. I didn't even know you could do that. He's A big facetimer, big Facetimer Loves, loves the FaceTime. So I'm like, well, I'm going home. I said, I texted De I said, Hey, can I get Allie's number? And I invited him down to Wellen and after just spending three hours with him, even though Toronto got shit kicked, I was like, he's like the most positive guy in the world ever, ever. He's like, well, he's like, we'll get him in six in four. And, and and I'm, and then, and then Merle's texted the chat.


He goes, you should send him down there. So I had my lucky shirt on me. I said, would you go down there with my lucky shirt to, to bring the leaf some mojo? Absolutely. He's got a wife, two kids. Yeah. He's on the next plane down there like, you know, takes the day off work and then does what he does behind the glass and makes friends with everybody. And I'm like, well we gotta send him to gain seven. And that didn't work at all. It Was close though. Did he get kicked out? Is that what happened there? I saw a cop escorting him up the steps That was in Sunrise. They, they couldn't handle his, his little, he calls it his pocket pussy. Yeah. Little thing. Oh, we're very familiar. Intimately failure. Yeah. The reason I brought up Yans coming on your show was because Yans has been rooting for the Panthers played there, still hangs around with a bunch of those guys.


Like they love him there. He banged the drum with the biz idiot shirt on. It got them going for game four and then they fucking smoked the leaves too. But he almost ruined the Panthers like their own guy. Yeah, yeah. Created that, put it into the universe. And that's how old he came to be, at least for the least in this round. So it would've been so poetic that if, if Yans would've said that and then Oldie would've pulled off victories in game six and seven and then he would've been off to the Eastern Conference finals. But it didn't come to be. And there's one other thing I wanted to mention, and I'm sure you guys talked to Witt or even Yans about it. Is that that Miko Rotman? Yeah. Yeah. Have you guys been following this story? Yeah, unreal.


So this is a guy who won a Stanley Cup with the Colorado Avalanche and he, they were going through contract negotiations and basically they never, they never gave him a final offer and said, Hey, if you don't sign this, we're gonna trade you. And I believe that he would've taken eight years times 12 million in Colorado to stay. Well they were kind of going through the negotiations things went a little bit silent and then boom, he gets blindsided, goes to Carolina. He didn't want to go to Carolina at the begin with Carolina asked to start negotiations even before they made the move. And ranting and his camp were like, Uhuh, no, we don't want to go there. That's not the style of play.


We want to try to work things out with Colorado. They make the trade regardless. He goes to Carolina, he's there for three weeks, obviously it's not gonna work out. And they ship him to the same fucking division as Colorado and Dallas. And then he goes on that heater that he's been on. This is the dominance that he performed over the first two rounds as some of the likes. We've, I think him and Wayne Gretzky are the only ones that had that many points in that period of time in the Stanley Cup playoffs. So talk about a kick in the dick. But I'm so happy for him having gone through all that bullshit for whatever it was, six weeks, two months to now find a landing spot, sign an eight times 12 extension, and then no state tax and then be on the heater he is on.


And I would say right now he's probably the favorite for the con smite. And I just wanted to mention him before I logged off because he deserves his flowers and he's an absolute playoff beast right now. Yeah, he's been awesome. And yeah, you're right. The playoffs have been incredible And we love watching you. So everyone tuning in TNT biz, you're the best. We'll have you back on. Sorry about the leaves. We love you man. I love you boys. Keep doing your thing. And I appreciate you guys having me on as always. And, and thank you for not of course thank you to Jans for bringing oldie into our lives. But thank you for really putting him on that pedestal that he deserves and snapping the love of what is oldie around. Yes, He's Absolutely the best. He's Yeah, he's the best. He is the best. Alright, we'll see you biz.


Was that the, that might have been the biggest free agency signing of like the year oldie Easily. Easily. He's oldie easily. He is. He is the absolute best. He has the ability to just talk anybody down. If anyone's mad at him, he becomes their best friend in about two seconds. Yeah. Two seconds. I love you boys. Thank you as always. See go Leaf skull, baby


Paul Binet was brought to you by proper 12. It's PFT here making my Irish entrance with proper number 12 Irish whiskey. How do you make an Irish entrance? You might ask. It starts with a proper number 12 Irish whiskey shot. Because real friends don't let French Irish exit a party without a story to tell the original proper. Number 12 is a rich and smooth blend of golden grain and single malt aged four years in bourbon barrels. Mix it up with some ginger ale. Get a classic and refreshing proper ginger if you're in the mood for something smooth but a little sweeter. Try proper Irish apple. It's a delicious blend of Proper's award-winning Irish whiskey with crisp, fresh notes of Apple. So get out there and make your Irish entrance. Anything else just wouldn't be proper. Make your Irish entrance with proper number 12 Irish whiskey.


And Chris Berman is gonna be brought to you by Barstool Golf Time, the Barto Golf Time app. This golf season. Are you looking for an easier way to get on the course? Hank? Always. We've got you covered. 'cause the Barstow golf time app makes it easy for golfers to find the best tee times and the best prices. Stop searching all over Google for your next tee time or going through the hassle of calling courses. You can search multiple courses in your area from one app and get your tee times set within seconds. For every action you take in the app, you earn reward points. Those can be redeemed for free merch in the Barstool store. We have a big promotion going on throughout May. The top five golfers who play the most rounds through Barstool Golf time through May 31st, we'll win a barsol Chicago HQ tour experience. Plus one additional winner will be selected at random from golfers who play at least one round through the app in May. All you have to do is get one round in and you're eligible to win spring's finally here. So come golf with us, download the Barstool Golf Time app today, it's golf season. Download that Barstool golf time app today. And now here's Chris Berman.


And Now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very, very, very special guest. It is our schwam, Chris Berman. And you're probably thinking, hey, Schwam outside of football season, huh? Huh? Well, we wanted to have on, because he just signed a multi-year contract extension with ESPN and it will run through 2029 when he will be become the first employee at ESPN to hit the 50 year mark. So we wanted to congratulate Schwam, have him on catch up. First of all, congratulations.


Incredible. I think you, you, last time we saw you, you said that we get to plan your 50 celebration the party, right? Absolute. Oh, absolutely. I mean, you guys are the, the contour. I mean, I thought we'd be really speaking. Well, Toronto's not French, but at any rate, I appreciate it. I fooled them one last time, fellas. I Mean, you know, you can only fool 'em so long. But I, you know, like I said, you read it, I, I started at 24. I mean, our grandfathers or my grandfather's era, maybe you worked 40 or 50 years at a company, not now, and not in our business.


And I, I pitched myself, it's pretty cool. And you guys have always been so kind. You had the imitations right outta the gate. Yeah. So I Appreciate that. Yeah, it, it really is cool because it, it is something that in this business specifically, you don't, you don't make it that far. You don't, you don't work 50 years at the company. You don't work 50 years in the spotlight and you've done it. And it's, it's really cool. It's, it's just a really cool accomplishment. So have you had, I mean, I know that this is the, the contract extension. Have you, have you had thoughts like, Hey, I got one more in me after this one too. Just keep, keep running it. I want to see you keep going. I, I mean, look, I'll be 75 when this is over.


Let, let's hope I have, you know, I'm not worried about Well, let's just hope 75 is an easy accomplishment and we'll go from there. But look, I I, I never thought of 50. I think we might have talked about this. I don't remember at the Super Bowl. I don't think so. I never thought of, okay, EP was very kind. 45 years, they made a deal of it. I was, you know, my god, I I'm looking myself in the mirror. Is this really you? And I was asked a couple of times, so do you wanna make it to 50? And I, I never, that was never a goal, fellas. I mean, that's not, I mean, not in my wildest dreams and I, you'd you'd hope to be in the business 30 years, let alone the same place.


50. Right? So I started thinking about it and I brought it to our, our president's attention. Not in negotiation or anything, but in the fall he goes, oh, you got, you know, you got, you gotta be here through our first Super Bowl in two years. I said, well, I hope so. I'd love to be blah, blah, blah. I guess that's up to you, wouldn't it, Jimmy? He goes, yeah, I guess it is. So I just told you and I went, you know what will be cool? Not 'cause it's me, but you may, we may never have a 50 year employee again. I mean, we probably will, I mean, in engineering or a lot of different departments, but 50 years, you gotta start young, right? So what are the odds of even starting in your twenties and being still hopefully very good at your job?


I'm not saying I am, but let's say an engineer is in his or her seventies. So Yeah, I'm not, one more, I haven't gotten this one done yet. Yeah, yeah. Let's, let's reconvene after the party, then we all may be hurting a little bit. Yeah, I think that would be an all time record that would probably stand for forever. Yeah. And you put it in perspective. We've been doing this show for 10 years. Imagine doing this five times as like, not even 10 years. Yeah, yeah. For us. But imagine doing this five times as much as we've done it. It's a testament to you. It's a testament to people that you've worked with. But like, you have been a mainstay, I think, for a lot of people's sports childhoods all the way up through Adulthoods. And so we're glad that we're gonna see there.


It, it would be weird if you went somewhere else. Did that thought ever occur to you? Were, was it gonna be ES, espn or nowhere? Or were you thinking like, Hey, maybe I could join, maybe I joined Barstool Sports would be cool. Well, You never know. There's time for everything. But, but to, to, to be honest, no, I, because my guy said, you know, if this gets tricky, which it wouldn't, are you interested in that? Absolutely not. I, if you, my bio, of course everything changes, but I mean, this was written really 30 years ago, fellas, or 25 years ago. And unfortunately a lot of the people in the quote in my bio have passed.


I said, I wanna be Walter Payton, for example. I wanna be Tony Gwynn to, to, we've lost George Brett, maybe now more modern terms, you know, a Derek Jeter, maybe a, you know, someone that started and finished what my very first job, but really for all intents and purposes, it was someone that started and finished with the same ball club. I mean, that's, no, I nowhere, I I wouldn't, you know, I I thought of Fran o' Harris carrying the ball as a Seahawk. Yeah. IIII thought of Tony Dorsett and Tony and I have laughed about it.


That's Franco another one we've missed. And he and I have laughed about it too. Tony Dorsett, his final year was a Bronco. Yeah. Like, I know it, some of them are fine, but that was like the last year. So if this is my last No, there, no, I, I couldn't, Yeah, it's, I would be the card. No, thank you. Emmett Smith on the Cardinals. Always. Whenever that pops up, I'm like, whoa, I forgot about that. Alright. So, so you were definitely staying with the SPN this time. What was the closest you ever got to maybe leaving in your 50 years? Because I'm sure now that you've, you've stayed, you can laugh about it, but was there a moment and do you remember that moment of like, oh, well these people, I don't know, we gotta see what happens.


Well, I guess once you turn 70, you can give some secrets up, right? Right, exactly. So we're good now. Well, one I've, I've talked about and, and, but that was a different time. So the real time was 10 years in, started in 79, 89, the ESPN and even cable. The cable was big by then, but ESPN was, was different. Okay. So basically, I'll try to boil it down. NBC Dick Ebersol inquired, would you like to come over? Well, I, I mean I, you know, my contract's running up in a little bit.


They, they essentially offered me times four. Now, whoa, let's not get carried away. This isn't just 1989 cable tv. To be honest with you, I wasn't a, you know, it was 160,000 maybe. Okay, so this isn't oh, 20 million versus 10 million. I mean, I've never gotten to those, nor was I thinking, I mean, so this is a different time for our company, which is fair. But actually there's another story I'll tell you right before this too. That's interesting. I hadn't thought of it, but get back to this. I, you know, and, and Bob Costas was doing their football show at the time, so that wasn't open.


They said it was gonna be soon, but that wasn't open and I was already doing it. Admittedly, just two years at ESPN 87, 88, when we got the NFL and primetime had started. We didn't have baseball yet. So it was interesting. And I went to our guys, Steve Bornstein wasn't the president he was about to be, but it was, he and I really, I said, Steve, I went to Brown. It's times four I can add. Yep. Because I can too. I said, so we've not broken the mold, not only on somebody on the air, but really, really anyone, let's say high up in programming or any, I know this is a tough decision, but, and it, it inched along for a little bit for a couple months.


Never rough, never nasty. I mean, and I finally said to him, I said, Steve, you're not a golfer, but you gotta get to within a nine iron. And I don't know what that means and I wanna stay. And he got, I said, I will tell you one other thing, and maybe IIII, I'm telling stuff I shouldn't, I reached a little farther and I said, the company may be watching this one not 'cause I'm so good, but where we've gone, where we've come, if I go and they're the top in their area, well they're not gonna help me out either, if something Yeah.


He actually, no, no. To give Steve. And there's a actually, he said, thank you for saying that. And within another week we had, he got within an nine iron. And in the end, look, the beauty about one of the many beauty bad things that saying at ESPN was 10 years. Like you guys, you built something from the ground up. There's a lot to be said for that. It wasn't only me, but we built brick and mortar from the ground up. A lot of us names you'll never know for sports. Like, you guys get to talk golf, hockey, NBA college want to talk darts on this show for 10 minutes.


You could, we cover everything though. We may not have the Super Bowl or the, or the World Series or US Open Cup. I got to go to all of them. Right. Cover 'em all. Well, or talk about 'em on the air every day. So if you love sports, there was that part. Why would you wanna leave Now to fast forward where I didn't think I'd be going in this story, bringing up Steve's name when it was announced a week ago, I heard from him right away. I mean, he's long been out. Right. George Bodenheimer, I heard from George, those two guys were president added up maybe 22 of the 45 years.


That's the kind of place we had. And I'm, I'm my release at the time the press release said it was a Brian Adams decision. It was straight from the heart. And I couldn't go. I, I, I couldn't. And it was the best move I never made, even though more money bigger at the time. But was it, you know, and that's not a knock on NBC of course. It, it just, I live, I'm from here necessarily. Wanna live in New York City. I I didn't necessarily wanna do that. Yeah. Young, young kids. Now one other interesting story that, that I never, I rarely bring up, rarely.


This is a year before. So it sounds like I'm looking to leave. I'm not, but I'm, I'm like this from 85 to 89, I'm like this. Okay. And the ESP was like this, more importantly. So I'm a San Francisco giant fan as you know, above everything. Even though I grew up northeast Willie Mays seven years old in the World Series. He's a giant, I'm a little kid Giants, that's my team. The owner of the Giants sent Bob l Great San Franciscan said, I got a call from it. I got to know them a little bit.


I'm, I'm going on here. But this is a story I, I rarely tell. I get a call from his office. I'm so and so, I'm Mr. Lori's assistant. When the Giants are playing the Mets late in May, he'd like to have lunch with you at the 21 Club. Now I have you first of all the 21 club. My club is McDonald's. Okay. So what can you get for 21 bucks in 1988 at McDonald's? Hell meals for a week. Yeah. So, so we meet and there's nothing, you know, my god, I'm a young guy. Take the train in a couple hours we meet and he goes, well, up till now, most teams, the announcers are hired by the station they work for.


But just about a year or two before that teams were hiring the man, guy or woman. But let's just say Guy at the time was a team employee. I don't know when that happened in Chicago with Harry or with Jack Buck. I, I don't know. But it was starting. But only like one. He goes, next year we're going to hire, it's going to be our hire. We think you'd be a great San Francisco Giants play by play guy. Oh man. Well, I've not done it other than Brown baseball. All right. But if you, it was one of my goals to do the Giants right. And I told him, I said, well, we just got football and I'm kind of that guy.


We didn't have baseball yet again. And I said, but this is, and it would've been a salary increase at, at that time. Oh God, yes. Not times four, but times two. Maybe never discussed, moved to the Bay Area, which I love from afar, young ki family. I'd be hired by them. Hmm. He goes, well, think about it. You call me in a day or two, which I did. And I said, Mr. Laurie, I can't believe I'm telling you this. It's been my life dream, but I'm gonna have to turn it down. And here's what he said.


Said what good guy he was is after what you told me yesterday about SPNN, about the NFL. And you're the host, you're Brent Musburger. You made the right decision. That's a guy who offered me the wow. So that's 88 and 89. Since then, I'm a Taurus. I'm stubborn, I ain't leaving, you know, But, but your agent loves to hear that. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy though. I mean, that's a, that must have been very difficult to turn down because calling baseball games for your favorite team, that would be incredible. Yes. Yeah. And Bay Area, not even, I like the team, but do I? No, I, San Francisco to me, I mean, I know they've had after Covid More trouble than many other cities, but that's not the discussion.


My favorite city. Yeah. Even though I grew up 2,500 miles away from it. So, but again, I was smart then he said it and by not leaving the Spen, look, we're having this discussion today. Yeah. I mean, I probably would've been ne I would've been neither place in 2025. That's for damn sure that's True. Yeah. Yeah. If you built that place, that place also shaped you. So it's, that's gotta be tough to walk. I think it's been a great fit. I'm, I'm very glad that you're sticking. Right. It would be weird to see you if you just popped up on like Fox Sports one day doing like A-A-N-F-L pregame Show. It would Look so weird. Yeah. It would look really, really strange. Yeah. I, I saw that the MLB All-Star game in 2029.


They have not announced who's got the TV rights to it. If that's ESPN, can we please get you doing the Home Run Derby? Mm, Well I guess we have one more year, but, but we're losing it now. I mean, yeah. Okay. We, I'm, I'm in it if they'll have me. Okay. Yeah, I'm still signed. I mean, yeah, there you go. We'll have our 50th party at the home run derby. How about that? Yeah, that Sounds perfect to me. Yeah. When I think back of all the years of you on E-S-P-N-I, I also think of the SportsCenter commercials that this is SportsCenter commercial. Do you have a, a list of your favorite ones? Well, you know, those ads were great. I was never in 'em because by the time they were doing all those, I was, well still doing plenty of Sports Center Charlie Steiner.


Well, what is it? Send welcome to Freedom or Send Me to Freedom with the headband and the Yeah, the Y 2K one. Yep. Yep. Yeah, that, that, that was a pretty good one. There are a ton of them. It's funny. So I really was never, if I was in one, it was like one of the first ones when they weren't great yet. The football ones, to be honest, other than Bristol University, which was funny. I mean the, they were funny. We, the ones I was in weren't of the same caliber as the Sports center. I don't mind, again, I'm 70. I can say whatever the hell I want. Yeah. Hell yeah, you Can, I'm not even senile and I could say Right?


Not yet. Yeah. I might be for our in, in in five years. But What are your, what were your favorites? I mean, you remember probably more of them than I do. I mean, that one was actually, I think my favorite. The Y 2K scare. I like the don't walk the PSA that you guys did for NBA players to stop traveling. Right. That was a great one. The crocodile hunter where he sees the Florida Gator Yep. And wrestles him to the ground. Yep. And then my home charisma. I like, I like when, when Ovy, and I think it was Alexander Simmons lowered through the ceiling, like they were in Mission Impossible like Russian spies. I like, I like the, the LT one when he was wearing his visor trying to sort the mail. Yeah. That one was Great. I gotta say they were, they were sharp.


Yeah. They were. And and everyone related to it and, and the players and the and those in sports bought into them. Yeah. But the great ones I wasn't in. That's probably why they were great. I wasn't in them. What, so, so it is off season right now. How's the golf game In and out? You know, you, you struggle with, okay, 65, you were still hitting the ball. Not far. Let's not get carried away. But far enough, you know, it's, yeah, you're really gonna move up to not the golds yet, but that you gotta, you playing the hybrid, but now you're the white because, and so you end up hitting the ball off the tee and you say to yourself, honestly, once you get over a macho thing, ah, this is where I used to hit it.


It's okay. I mean, I'm played yesterday was pretty good. Played the day before was pretty mediocre. Yeah. So I'm a usual 14. That an occasion you want. And on other occasions you wish you never knew me. That's, how about you guys, you, you never get to play. Right. Yeah. We play on camera a lot. We're bad. We're our, our hank our producer plays all the time. He plays every single day. So, but he's also still bad, which is crazy. Yeah. I mean, you have to get to a point where you play all the time. If you wanna be good at golf, it's not something you can like parachute in and out of. Right. But yeah, on, on a good day, I think we'll probably shoot in the nineties on Hank's.


Good day. He'll shoot in the eighties. Yeah. What's your best round ever? I don't think I ever broke 80, maybe 8 81. That's pretty good. That's a while ago. Here's the thing, I did look up the chart. If you get to 70 in the United States, average life expectancy. Male 85. Female 87. I have a shot to hit to my eight. Yes. There you go. Yes. I will tell you this though. I played in the ProAm at New Orleans. You remember I did Once Upon a time with the, with your guy down there. So I'd never met Andrew Novak. And we, day one, media day the next week, travelers, which I've done forever, right?


Interviewed Scottie Scheffler, Byron Nelson. That week we just saw the PGA. It ain't my game, but how's my game influencing others? Yeah. Not bad, right? Yeah. What, what do you think we, we threw this out there on today's show, but do you think there's a chance Scotty could, could, could creep up into that? Hey, we're talking about him verse tiger at some point, because it does feel we're joking. He, he feels like he's 40 years old because he just has the look of, not in a bad way, but he just looks like he's always looked a lot more put together than everyone else. He's 28 and he's won his third in 22 starts in the majors.


It feels like he's gonna be, you know, in the next five years. What, what like, call it, you know, he wins, you know, five more in the next five years. He's now at eight and it's like, oh, now we're starting to talk about this. Well, let's see how many tour wins again. He is only, he's done 'em all really the last few years, right? He had nine, I think seven on tour, but nine, oh by the way, the gold medal. And now here's two more. I mean, here's of the, of the current day or the last 20 years. It's really Does he approach Phil? Yeah. And where do we put Rory, who's not a genera? Tiger's not a generation ago, but Rory was a little, you know, was after Tiger 2010 and all that.


So by the way, what a perfect, we have Rory Hay, he's back. He wins the players, he wins the Masters, he's playing the, the open, the British Open at Port Rush Home Game. Oakmont is the hardest course I've ever seen. So you better be really good if you plan to win there, by the way, I dunno if you guys have ever been, but of all the Media day courses by about the eighth hole, you can't wait to get back to your Muni. Okay? So, so what an interesting setup. I I I, here's one thing about Scott. So you don't want to go to Tiger yet 'cause geez, do we talk about Tiger to Jack?


This was a little early even in Tiger's run to go, Jack, but where are you going? Is he Arnie? Right? So he's he's still underappreciated. I know. I mean, day after the PGA. Okay, but here's an observation that I thought of knowing. I was gonna talk to you guys today. And, and, and the PGA would come up. He won the Travelers last year of one of his seven, like I said, I think he won nine worldwide and President's Cup and gold medal, et cetera. But the travelers you might remember, you know, signature event. There were, they, they, we had the little thing on a team, but that's not the point. And he playoff with Tom. Kim Batia was also in the last threesome was in it, but by then, not really, but close.


And I'm looking at these three guys because Travelers here in, in, in Hartford. I, I do the trophy honors afterwards. So I'm, I'm dialed in there. Now here's Scotty at six foot three. Now we have a playoff with the two of them, with Kim and, and Scotty. Here's Scotty at six foot three. Here's Kim Short, which by the way, golfers come in all shapes and sizes. Look at the three of us. It's proof, right? And, and Batia, the next stiff wind is gonna blow him into the sand. And I'm not knocking him. I mean, my God, I'd like to be that skinny, right? Yeah. But by the way, you could really have fun with, but Padilla Padilla, that's all folks. But nevermind.


It's actually debut right here. Oh, That's a good one. That's a great one. Oh, a fun. Nevermind. Or Bug's Bunny. Can't believe I said that. At any rate, then Kim goes in the bunker. So Scotty has a, a, a a two put to win with no sweat, just trundle it down, kinda like this. Bogey up by 5 0 1 by four. But who cares? Right? And I'm thinking this is like the old movies where there was a pie fight, or let alone a gun dole. And the, the Knight in White Armor is standing unscathed and everyone else goes down one by one. And as I'm watching yesterday, or at this time when we're taping it, oh, is ladies' tied with Rom?


Or you know, here Bryon and here's maybe one of the other two. Then all of a sudden he wins by four anyway. It's like he's, this stuff's flying around and he is there like, no bull ain't gonna hit me. No pie's gonna dirty this nice white suit. And I know that seems crazy, but being at the event, unlike yesterday when I watched like You tv I was like, this guy, wow. It is just something about his demeanor. He's not, I mean, tiger was tiger. I mean, we don't have to go to Jack and Arnie. We know what they were. Phil flamboyant, but the way he played, the shots he invented, et cetera.


Scotty, Rory bombs. It Does Scotty hit it just about as long? Probably. Now, I don't know that, but maybe not quite as Rory's. Unbelievable. Right. But so Scotty name what he does unbelievably better than anyone else except everything. So you, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. He, he's not, this is him. Here's swashbuckling, here's, he's so impervious to, oh my God. He is gonna lose this. No, he is not. It's unbelievable how he does it, isn't it? Yeah, It is. It is. It really is. He makes it look easy.


One of the, one of the craziest stats that I saw this week was that Scottie Scheffler, he's right now, I think, how long is this that he's been ranked number one 82nd time, 82nd consecutive week being ranked number one in the world to bring it up to a total of 116 weeks. 116 weeks is what Scottie Scheffler has been ranked number one at Tiger Woods has 683 weeks ranked number. So he would need to be ranked number one in the world every week for the next, what, 10 plus years? Yeah. To catch what Tiger did right. Is unbelievable. It's crazy. But conversely, how many are in the hundreds?


Admittedly, they didn't have, you know, when, when even Nicholas and Palmer, I mean, I don't know that they had that then. They certainly didn't. When, if Byron Nelson just to pick up a name or Sam Steeda won more than anybody else played. So, but how many are in the hundreds? Not many. Yeah. Yeah. I think Tiger's got the number one and number two all time rankings for the longest streaks being ranked number one. It's crazy. It's absolutely insane to think about. Yeah. Yeah. Greg Norman might be a name that I don't know about a hundred. I, we'd have to look it up. Interesting. Yeah. Norman got up to 96 weeks. Okay. I believe. Yeah. So, yeah. Pretty close.


And Wwa, one thing we love about you is you're, you're such a football fan, even though it's the off season. I know that you've been thinking about football through the draft, through free agency, through the schedules coming out for next season. What, what are you thinking about the most, what are you looking forward to the most in the 2025 football season? That's a good, you know, here we are. It's not a any of the, you know, last year we had all the quarterbacks picked at the top and, and you're wearing a Doug Williams shirt. So obviously you're quarterback now you're Washington is on 8 million times on primetime, whereas the year before. Yeah. Why are they on, right. What am I looking forward to the most What I mean, what Philly did, it was pretty darn strong.


I mean, that, that, that was, I mean, we don't even need to rehash it. That was from the beginning. It was, whoa. Okay. This is gonna be trouble for the chiefs. However, all you know what? I'll give you one, it's, it's kind of obvious, but is this the year Buffalo somehow avoids Kansas City? Mm. In the playoffs? I don't know what that means. It means someone would've to lose or somebody, I don't hope nobody gets hurt. IE Josh, I, IE Patrick, et cetera. But somehow they don't meet. And then how does that flush out, by the way, I only thought of it today and not even though that the Eagles are the champs.


God, they play week two, right. At Kansas City right out of the gates. Yep. Which I don't know what that'll decide. Not a lot. The chief, you know, the bills are the only team. Again, it sounds like all I'm worried about is Buffalo. I'm not, the Bills are the only team to make, you know, to get the four in a row. Admittedly, they didn't win any of them. Well, chiefs could get the four in a row, even though they didn't win last year. And we were trying, they were trying to win three in a row now. Yeah. Philly could get to three out of four. Yeah. 'cause we discussed last year. Year. That's a short list. Getting to three out of four. So, but then where, who are the Washingtons this year? Now? I don't know. What do you guys think? Who are, I mean, it's hard in May to say, well, I'm just telling you Atlanta with Pennix for example.


I'm not saying that's a team. Like what, what are the teams that are, are the Rams much better? I mean, they gave every time in the playoffs. They're a tough out. Are they better? I'm talking about a team. Of course, Washington was not on the playoff radar. What's that? Team? Because we know like five or six of them don't go back to the playoffs. So who's that? I've got a, I I've got an answer. It's kind of a cheap answer. But the 49 ERs. Yeah. They might get healthy if they stay healthy this year. I, I wouldn't bet against them making the playoffs. Yeah, I got an answer. That's a little, I'm still working on it. I think the Giants are gonna be better than people think.


And I don't know what's gonna happen with Jackson Dart, but like Brian DaBell, good quarterback coach. If you can get just enough, I think that defense is gonna be elite. Their, their defensive line has just monsters on it. So I think they might be one of those teams where, you know, they, maybe they're not playoffs, but they're, you know, go jump up to 7, 8, 9 wins. And it's like, ooh, look, they're, they're not, you look at the schedule this time of year and you're like, alright, that's a win. That's a win. I don't think the Giants are gonna be a, that's a win team. Well, I think you're right. Of course now we think Dallas Healthy Quarterback along with Philly and Washington, the two, like that's a tough climb with those six games.


Absolutely. And they go two and four. That would be a win for, for what you just said. Who else, you know, is there room to move? Well, we know the NFC is is tougher. You and, and and overall. Right. Because obviously the, the central, I still call it the, the Norris division, you know, but the Bears lost a lot of cases that they're gonna be better. But the other three teams are also gonna be good. Yeah. Even though Quarterback Minnesota, Detroit's gonna be them. Green Bay's gonna be good. Very good. Again, so hard to move. So the Bears have a much better record. Again, they gotta play those teams. The West is, I agree with San Francisco.


They either miss the playoffs or they get to at least the championship game. Right? Yeah. Yeah. They're gonna be good. The Rams are gonna be good. Don't overlook Seattle, Arizona. I don't know, but let's just say two and a half teams in that division South. Well, that's the opening, right? Like could, but it won't be, it's a little early for the Panther. You, you know what I'm saying? So, so, so in the A FC where Miami fell and the Jets fell, and will they be back or back the jets? Will Miami be, or, or can the Patriots move like the Giants to your 0.7 and tens, right?


Eight, nine. We still don't know who Pittsburgh's quarterback is in that division. And we, we think the Bengals will be, won't start out one and four or whatever the hell they always do. The Browns. I mean, I Sad. Good Luck. Yeah. Yeah. He's a good coach. Yeah. He got a coach with one hand tied behind his back. Kevin. Very Good coach. Yeah. You know, we know Baltimore, you know, we haven't brought them up as usual. Right. I actually looked at knowing I was doing this show, and again, analyze the schedules. I kind of just looked at the upper echelon off of last year.


I, I looked at Kansas City, Buffalo, Baltimore, just real quick, like a half hour ago. Just, it seems like Baltimore's schedule as they play the, the good teams on the road and the others have more of the good teams at home. Again, that doesn't insure anything, but they're gonna be formidable. At what point does, is this a year for Lamar? But again, it all depends on the Chiefs, but somehow the Chiefs and the Bills will miss each other in the playoffs. What does that mean? I like that. I, I like that as, as a Bills fan, you're, you're thinking, okay, well we've tried to take the bad man out. It hasn't worked for us. Maybe somebody else just does it for us.


Maybe Lamar gets, maybe Lamar elevates his game, becomes a playoff quarterback and then we don't have to worry about Patrick Mahomes. That that would be a better formula. Could be. Yeah. Or something else. Or the Bengals just beat the Chiefs, which they have. Right? Yeah. So I betting against the Chiefs will be foolish too. I'm not claiming the bills will get there because they won't play the chief. That's why we talk about it in May. Yeah. Even talk about it has me. Yeah. Even talk about it has, has me juiced up just football in May. Alright. I, I, Schwab, I got one last question for you. And again, congratulations. We love you and, and it's awesome and we're, we're so pumped for you to be able to still get to watch you for another five years here.


My last question,


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code, take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code. Take my last question.


Is this in the off season? Do you ever catch yourself? Maybe it's in the shower, maybe it's in the car. Just throwing a quick whoop just to make sure you still got it because you're like, I don't know, I haven't done it in a few months. Do I still have it just to do you just test to make sure that it's still there? That's a better question than you'd think. And I'll tell you why. Because I do go to Hawaii after the Super Bowl. I lived there part-time. I mean, you know, I get go get about eight week whatever, and I don't do the draft draft. The first time I even put a tie on after I from the Super Bowl is how do you tie this?


So week one, now I do the, the Hall of Fame at Canton. So that's a different deal. But other than it showing up at the ESPYs, I kind of started Canton the way it is now and the way it's been the last eight, nine years. Primarily when ESPN needs me for something. I'm here, some big football matter. Can you come in in two hours? Yes, I'll be in, you know, but week one is why it's this really intelligent question. Intelligent question. Yeah. Well I have it. I know I'm really stepping out now. Right? But, but week one, that's when I know how to do it. We know how to drive a car.


You know, it's not all of a sudden a stick shift that you rented in Europe and it's like, find them, grind them. Week one. You go in, it's like, do I, did I bring my little earpiece? Did did I remember to bring my three or four times? 'cause I always am a Gametime decision, by the way. I always bring three or four and and decide about 20 minutes before we go on. Okay. That's the one tonight. Gotta you gotta have a Gametime decision. Yep. I have little butterflies, not nervous, but it's not so much texting the whoop. Although I might drink grapefruit juice week one, but better for the throat than orange juice in the morning.


Okay. A little better. A little citric acid action. So I don't practice the whoop in the shower in the car. I blast music to quote, I remember Joe Tory telling me this and it's kind of the answer and at, at that point when he was managing, but he told me how many opening days it was. I had them whoop day a few times, you know? And I went, Joe, it's opening, you know, opening day you've been as a player and as a manager, whatever the number was, 35. I mean, whatever it was, it was Boomer. I don't care who you are.


If you don't have a couple of butterflies in your stomach on opening day, there's something wrong with you. And I never forgot that. It's not, can I speak? It's not Can I tie a tie? It's not, he could go all the way. I'll probably come up with it. But it's week one and you ain't as good as you thought you were because you haven't been doing it lately. Yeah. You guys do this every day or two. I used to be on the air every day, didn't make me good, but it made me, I just did this yesterday. I mean, I, what's the problem? Right? Well the problem is you haven't done it for six months. So there are some days that okay, week one, let's give 'em everything we got in the garage.


Maybe not, maybe not, maybe haven't checked some of the toys out lately, right? Yeah. Probably not. We might give you a Batia Batia. That's all folks. But we might not give you 12 of them. Right. But I, you know, and you'll see when, if and when you ever get to the point where you're still a regular, but for whatever reason, I know you can't imagine not doing this every day and neither can your, your fans, but butterflies opening day Joe Torry, who would know better than him. Right? It's a privilege. Yeah. It's a privilege to feel those butterflies. Yeah. I got one last one for you. Boom. Because e every year we have, you know, when we do our, our recaps of the games as a tribute to you, we talk about Jamis Winston.


And when we bring up Jamis Winston's name, we put him in the Eagles song. We put him in, take it Easy Standing on the corner. Jamis Winston Cuyahoga is what it was last year on the Browns. Now he's on the Giants. So we had a couple ideas. We want to get your feedback or maybe you've got something else where you're thinking, Ja, standing on the corner, Jamis Winston down in Soho or standing on the corner. Jamis Winston and Hoboken Hoboken. Well there's a, there's a, there's a thought. Hoboken Soho. I go to Warren Zon, which is before your time Really? Oh yeah. Is werewolves of London so that it's a different Soho. It's a London Soho.


So that put me off the track for a minute. Well either works 'cause you want him to represent New York. And I, it's funny, Jamis, I know he, you love him on your show. I ran into him New Orleans and dinner and, and eating the next table. And we had a couple of chuckles and I've told you we, we love him and I know you, you gotta know him. He's so enjoyable. But not a but he's one of the most exciting players in the league. And here's why. I think we've talked about it maybe off the year, bill Walsh once described Steve de Berg not a bad quarterback. As and I, and I've taken this to Jameis giving Bill Walsh credit. He keeps both teams in the game.


Yeah. I mean that's as a, he's must see, I mean, I don't know the Giants, I don't know what they're, I mean the rookie and two vets, like who knows how that plays out, right. Is that a trade? I don't know. Yeah, Yeah. My, Somebody gets hurt August 10th, you know what I mean? Yeah. I I think he would probably be one of the first calls if you have a starter that goes down. At least I hope he would. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't You think they, I mean they gotta go Russell. I mean what? I mean, how do we think the Giants start the year quarterback not the rookie Yet. I think he's probably gonna go Russell Wilson. I would think so. But if it's a, if it's a truly, truly open competition should be Jamus.


It could be Jamus. Yeah. Should be Jamis. Well, unless Sierra thinks a national anthem. That's true. It's true. That's true. So what I'm hearing from you is, is J stand on the corner of Jamis Winston and Hoboken such a fine sight to see. I like that. You like that? Yeah. Hoboken, you're going? I think so. Unless You, you, you know what, if you think of one, you text us Standing on the corner. Ho it's it that Hoboken make it an Eagle song is a pretty good left hand Turk. It's Yeah. A blacked Ford that has a flat Yeah. Yeah. Which reminds me of, again, the Poor, the Fumble by Joe Pesic, Herm Edwards, you know, the miracle in the Meadowlands not far from Hoboken instead of Broadway.


Joe, poor, poor Joe ic. They called him Patterson Plank Joe. You know, like Yeah. Yeah. But Hoboken, there's a ring to it. Yeah. It, it'd be the only one including that in a song. Yeah. Okay. I like it. All right. We'll continue that. And that's So be consider. Yeah. Yeah. We'll continue, we'll continue to consider. Yeah. We'll, we'll, We'll, we'll throw any other ideas we have off you Schwab, you're the best though. We love you. And thank you for coming on and congrats again. Very well deserved. And we can't wait for the, for the 50th party. We're gonna be there no matter what. Well, and maybe we'll join in the middle of the year or something. We all, we know we got the end of the year.


Whatever you want. Yeah. Yep. I can't wait to hear what you come up with in your Monday morning. I tell you if it's great, it's on TV and I give full credit. You don't Have, Oh, all right. Well thanks so much, Schwam. We'll talk to you later. All right guys. Have, have a great spring and summer work on the golf when you can sneak it in. Yes. All right, sounds good. Thanks. Boom.


Okay, before we get to FAQs, Stella Blue, the weather's heating up. So stay cool with Stella Blue Cold Brew. Whether you love a bold, dark roast, indulgent flavors, or our newest variety, Ms. Peaches, a hundred percent Colombian. We've got a cold brew for everyone. Better fresher cold brew at home in just three easy steps. Steep refrigerate, enjoy. In the best part, every purchase helps homeless pets find their forever homes. Grab Ms. Peaches or any of our cold brew varieties now at Amazon or still blue coffee.com, where you can use promo code PMT for 20% off orders of $25 or more. Sip with purpose all summer long. If you love dogs, if you love coffee still blue is the place for you. We give money back to Polish Chicago helping homeless pets and it's delicious coffee. So go right now. Go to still blue coffee.com or Amazon and grab your cold brew. It's super easy. You just put the packets in water, put it in your refrigerator. You got cold brew all week long. So go right now and buy some cold brew.


Hank Dan. What's up Those shoes look small. Small. Yeah. Black shoes always look small. Leming Your shoes look small. 10 and a half. Yeah. Not the biggest, not the smallest. Same. When I was younger, my brother's a size 12 and I tried to convince myself for like a couple years. Well, crowd clown shoes, You White Sox steved it. Yeah. Yeah. FAQs. Hey there. Men and Loser, Henry. Oh No, that's mean, that's mean bad start. Hank, how are you doing now that we're a few days removed? I'm fine. It, you know, it gets easier as time passes, but once the east finals, like the conference finals start, it'll probably be sad watching the games.


You don't sound fine. No, I'm fine. You're Onto golf. You're onto Golf. We talk. I'm al always like, I've never been off of golf. Right. But You're Onto golf, but you're onto golf. Less distractions. Sure. But yeah, it's really, I'll be watching the same amount of ball and playing the same amount of golf. Would You say that there's less distractions from your distraction so you can focus on your distraction? Well That's the thing, as I said, I realized it's really not true. Like I will, I will, I will watch every game and I will play the same amount of golf. So in that sense, but May, but maybe there's a, maybe there's a Easter conference final game that starts at 7:00 PM and you're like, man, I'm having the round of my life now. You don't have to go home and be home at 7:00 PM Yeah.


Just Watch the first half from the clubhouse. Yeah. Whatever. Love that for you. Whatever. No you don't. I Do love that you get love to golf. Thank You. I love you for loving that. I love to golf. Wow. Love fest. I've love, love. We talked about that. What is your, I've reached a summit moment in your life. Something you are hoping to achieve or have already achieved. Love you all and thank you. Ooh. I mean, I don't wanna say something that I've already done because that implies that I'm, it's all downhill from here. You peaked. But it probably is like I'm 40, I'm a man. Yeah. I mean I had no right being on the duck boat and I didn't deserve it. I didn't like, it wasn't like a achievement that I worked hard and, and and reached that goal.


But it was that. That was it. Now Don't tell yourself Short. It will be all downhill from there. And that's all right. I think Barcel getting purchased was definitely there. Buying a house. I was late to buying a house, but bought a house. Getting a house is cool. That was very cool. Playing Freebird. Playing the Freebird solo. That's very cool. That's gonna be it. Something that I've worked for, I mean on stage with my brother, it was a pretty cool moment. Yeah. Going to the sphere kinda reached that summit. Big time. Stanley Cup winning night in Vegas with the Cup is, that's a tough one to beat. Yeah. Yeah. Being anywhere near the Stanley Cup is pretty fucking Sweet. Yeah.


Has it, do you think anyone's ever fucked the cup? The Cup has watched someone, fuck. Oh for, I don't If anyone's fucked. I'd say like hundreds of people. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Max, what's your summit? Max is turning 30 this weekend. Yep. So huge Partying with the Eagles after the Super Bowl. Yeah. The Mount Joy concert was, was a big like what? What am I doing here? That was Pretty fun. Yeah, They have a new album coming out this weekend. Good. Throw that out. Joy Free Ads. My summit was John's summit when he was un pardoned my tape. Yep. I guess I'm just a bigger John Summit fan than you. Max Facts Big Cat l Williams fan pf caps Shank.


If we see an A WO in the wild, what's our calling card? What do we say to acknowledge the other Aw No, we don't say it anymore. We don't say it anymore. Just so what's up. Also, I want to compliment the, the AWS out there, because there were a lot of them at the CAPS game. All very well behaved. I was around my mom, not one person said the thing that we don't say anymore. And I appreciate that. Yeah. They've done a really good job of like, it was a long time ago. Yeah. Long time ago. But like the max home of pervert stuff where we were able to stop that like, good job. You could, you know what you could say, do you think memes will ever get it? That's a good one. And Then the other guy says, no, no Chance, no way will he ever get it.


That's a good one. Yeah. That's the inside, you know, baseball like, oh, memes won't Get it. Or just say, Hey, what's up pug? Yeah. A bunch of my friends are starting to listen and to really enjoy PMT. Oh. But they can't understand the booth. And we, my a WL Friends tried to explain to them that it used to just be Hank. Yes. But then they ask what Hank does other than golf, which is funny to try and explain. They get max and memes, but they don't understand Shane slash Pug. They think they're the same person. Mm. Very different people. Pug does the YouTube edits. Shane creates incredible. As in the graphic department. No, Shane does our graphics.


Pug does our YouTube memes and Max obviously are in here while we're recording. Jack Wiper is our, our new guy. He harasses us for ads and Hank does a lot. I don't, I don't want, I don't want people to be solely Hank here. I don't know where they get the idea that all Hank does is golf from. I really don't. I know. It's crazy. It's like a narrative that's run away. It's crazy. Yeah. Hank is, We we're playing Friday, right? Hank's my most trusted guy. He's 10, 10, 11, 10. He's got Hank's an ideas guy. He's, he's got the pulse of the nation Just working behind the scenes. It's one of those things, you don't want to have it defined 'cause then, Right. 'cause then someone might be like, Hey, you're not doing much.


Move in silence. Listen, I Take care of business. But yes, there was a long time where Hank was the, was the sole proprietor of the booth. He was doing it all. I miss It sometimes. No, you don't. Then go do it. Do it for max and memes one day. I did, I I edited the Super Bowl a couple years ago. Our sound guy. Fuck me. That's true. A couple years ago, I would, I mean The first time the Eagles were, well, not the first time, but Chiefs, the first Chiefs Eagles Super Bowl. Why don't you do? Yeah, why don't you, why don't you do it just, just one random time. Just be like, Hey, you know what? I got it tonight boys. Let's get Outta here. I got It. Actually, I would actually like to, Because I don't ask him. I have to ask a million questions. Give Hank You've learned the ability to do it or you've lost the ability to do it.


No, but there's just more at backend and, and I don't know. I forgot. I I be fine. You could figure it if Yeah, if I, if I had to, if the booth disappeared, I, I could make it work. But yeah, I'd like to give you the keys to the socials for like three days. Hank weekend. Like a Monday. Hank Hank early week. Hank Monday. Yeah. No, but it is crazy 'cause I'm Like, just to Twitter. Yeah. The beginning of the podcast, we didn't have YouTube. We didn't have a video for a lot of our interviews. Now we've gotten a full team and the guys are awesome. They're, they're, they like keep it run. Like when we leave on a Sunday night after a football Sunday, we leave at like midnight or one o'clock.


They're here till five in the morning. So shout out to those guys. Hey guys. Was wondering, since you are the number one sports podcast and have so many people listen, do you ever think about the amount of famous people slash athletes that listen to the show and their reactions to the things you say? Mm. I feel like the idea of a pro athlete laughing along while listening to you guys troll each other or hear you guys talk shit about one of their teammates has got to be pretty surreal. Yes. The teammate part. I sometimes think about like, when we're really, when we're getting deep into it and we're laying into somebody and they're like laughing at it and they have to stop themselves. 'cause they're like, oh shit, that's actually my good friend and teammate they're making fun of. Yeah. I I just have more of like, when someone says, Hey, listen, like when we had Pablo tore on and he is like, yeah, smiley, arey smiley.


Yeah. I'm just like, why? Like, what, what are are you doing? I think with Pablo It's important to hear how bad POS podcast can be. Yeah. So he knows what to avoid. But I still get a little, like, it still gets me a little excited. Even retired guys, even when like our, our guy Ys will text me being like, oh, that was amazing. I'm like, oh fuck yes. I made Ys laugh. That's cool. That's fucking awesome. And I definitely think there's a, a phenom, not phenomenon, but just like, there's a lot of guys that are now professional athletes that, you know, when they're just high school or college like grinding, it's not weird for them to listen to podcasts. It's just weird that now they're as famous as they are. But it is awesome. Like I, it never loses, it never loses the awesomeness factor where if someone says they listen, I'm just like, that's fucking awesome.


But also why you gotta have better things to do. Yeah. No, I mean I, I have always been in, I think it works, but denial about the listeners. Yeah. You can't think about it. No. You can't think about the amount of people listening. 'cause it will fuck you up bad. Yeah. As far as I'm concerned, it, it's just us. Yeah. And then somehow everybody else finds out. Yeah. It, it definitely will mess with your head because it's like, it, I don't think it would mess with my head if we were, if I were smarter, but it messes my head because like, oh, this many people heard me say something really stupid. Ah, that sucks. That's the part I think it would always mess with your head though, If you're Like, if, if you think about, if you're smart And The amount of I get worried with I, I was sarcastic, like the amount of sarcasm and just like laying on thick where people, like, they might a lot of, and I know a lot of fans, like they'll get seriously upset about it.


I'm like, is there like an athlete that's like, Yeah. Yeah. What a fucking idiot. No. I mean everyone thinks we're idiots, but that's the beauty of it. 'cause we are. Yeah. And we don't, we don't run from it. No, we're, We're, we run into it. We're the Marine we run into, we're The Marines of idiots. We're The first responders of idiots. Things happen. If there's a problem we'll be there saying dumb shit. Do you guys ever get fomo when you don't immediately record? Max talked about it a little bit. Yes. With hanky Sing Bang Bong. Yes. And not recording after any games, but other stuff like LeBron Stephen a or big trade news. Is there anything you really wish you recorded right after? Yes. Yeah. I mean, we changed up how we do 4th of July week because of the NBA trade deadline. Yeah.


But there's definitely Or free agency, not trade Deadline. Yeah. Free agency. When, when there's a, when something big happens on like a, a Monday afternoon, I'm like, shit, we gotta wait. You know? Or something happens on like a Friday night that does always gimme a little FOMO that we're not, we're not recording right then. Well, It's also because stuff is gonna happen over the weekend. So by the time Monday morning comes around Yeah. We can't react to the same news on Friday. Like we would if it, if it had just broken. Yeah. Big time. That's It. Oh, great job Hank. Thanks. We love love. We love each other. Yeah. Well being around each other So much.


Who would be your plus one to Belichick's wedding? If you can only choose one? I don't know. I'd have to go back. Tiff. Oh, actually come with me. Oh, TIFF. What? A power couple. Show the tootsies. Show the tootsies Tiff. Should we Jerry's here? No, We just, Jerry bing bong and Hank randomly just the bing bong button. Okay. Good. Show boys. Great. Show big guests on Friday. Get excited before the long weekend. Let's do number three.


Three. That was like a three way tie. Oh man. I think you guys have to do odds or evens for this. Just say it again. No, no, no, no memes. Max and Hank all you guys. 1, 2, 3. Shoot. Throw out a one or a two. I Throw high. I'll take odds. Three. No, no, no. What? What? No. Throw out a one or a two over your head. All right. Max pick one or two. No, shut up Mees. And then Hank you pick one or two, you know and I'll pick three. No it's not. It's you draw a one or a two. Yeah. So the one of 'em is gonna pick one and one of 'em Gonna pick two and Then I'll pick three. Alright. That Count as Odds. 3, 3, 2. 1, 2, 3, 3, 1. Alright, so Max gets three memes.


Got you got oh memes. You got got by Hank. So I get three. He's getting it back. Okay, I'll take, what was your second number you would pick? I don't know. I'm gonna punch his computer if it's three. Okay. Dude, things are good right now. Lemme go. 95. Think they're good. I'm gonna go 57, 6 9 9. 44. 55, 21. Come on. Three. Come on. 53.


Oh damn. What was yours wiper? 55. Oh, 55. Damn. He's the next person that needs to get it. He's gonna get it before memes. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Memes is just sad. It's just sad at this point. I guessed it for you. Then I got it again on my own. It's true. Raising your face. Love.