
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music


On today is part of my take. We have Super Bowl, MVP, Nick Foles In Studio. Don't shake your head, Hank. Great interview with him. Awesome time. Great dude. We're gonna do week 15 Picks and preview with a little special conspiracy time with the Jets Jags. We have Fire Fest of the week. We're gonna talk about the God awful Thursday night football game, and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner, the NBA Will LA repeat. We'll find out soon. There's sure to be rim rattling slams. And no look passes that bring the crowd to their feet. Get behind your favorite players in prop bets you can make on DraftKings the home of NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app and Make your pick. First time. Here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If you are bet wins Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. A w Yeah, my take.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Score big with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Today is Friday, December 13th. And boys, that was a tough, tough watch and PFTU should be nervous and I should be nervous because the Rams are now eight and six. Yeah, the game was terrible. Terrible. That was a, it was a bad game. It was raining pretty hard for the first half, but it looked like neither team could, they couldn't get the ball going on the ground. They couldn't get the ball going in the passing game. Nothing happened in the first half. Nothing. That's like the first game that I can remember where absolutely nothing happened in a half. PKU made a good catch. The camera misidentified a player as being Trent Williams. Yep. That, that might've been the highlight of the first Half.


That might've been it like Looking at the TV and being like, Hey, that's not Trent Williams. The first, the, the, the first quarter specifically went three plays, punt four plays, punt five plays Punt three plays Punt three plays punt three play plays, punt punt six. This is, this is going into, wait, we started the game. One, two, oh, I guess there was a field goal in there, but 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 punts. 10 punts and one field goal. Yeah. Was the start of the game. Yeah. When, you know, when I watch games like this, especially in primetime, because if it's in on a Sunday and it gets swallowed up by the rest of the slate, you can overlook it. But if it's a, a primetime game like this, I look at watching it like we're making a deposit into the future football bank.


Yeah. We're that money is gonna go ahead and make money. You don't always see immediate returns on your investment. But I know if I watch enough games like that, then I'm gonna watch. If, if you don't love me at my 49 ERs Rams, you don't deserve me at my bills. Rams. Yeah. That was, I mean, it was bad. It was bad. I mean we had the Yeah, the Lions Packers game last week was great. This just happens late, late season Thursday night football. Just a little bit of rain fucks everything up. We also have to have a conversation about Brock Purdy. We should probably walk back. Well, you know what, I'm not gonna walk it back because last year he was playing like a top five quarterback. But there's been talk about him getting an extension. I know a lot of guys are hurt, but how much can you pay Brock Purdy knowing that he's a good quarterback?


He's not in the level of, make everyone better quarterback. I think he is. I I think he had a, he had a very bad game tonight. Like he looks, he looked stupid and shitty tonight. That's my analysis. That last throw was so bad. It was stupid and shitty in one throw. It was dumbed to throw it and it was a bad pass. I think he's still a very good quarterback. You think he's gimme a number? How much I would pay him? I mean, 60 has been floated around. It's not my money. 60 a year. 60. 60 What? I think it was 60 was floated around. What was the, what was the number? I think 60. Does anyone know the number? I I have a question for you. Yes. If he was in the NFC East, would you Want Good question.


A rival team to sign him long term. Good question. 65 million a year was this Report. I have question. I have a question for you, max. Holy shit, Would I want the Giants to sign Brock Purdy? Yes, I would. Yeah. Yeah. But if he's on a team that's got weapons, I guess Malik neighbor's pretty good. But if he's on a team that's like, if he's on a good team, he can be a very, very good quarterback. We've obviously seen it from him, But that's the point that once you pay them, then you have to actually, I don't get the cat. I don't get the cat. No. Cat makes so said Cap doesn't exist all. So this, yeah, I I think you make kind of a valid point though, which is like, if he's not on a team with good players, then no, he's not like a, a difference maker that can take a team to the Super Bowl.


The, the projections that I'm reading right now. So there was a report 60 a year. That's insane. You can't pay Prock pretty 60 a year. A year, a year. Again, all these things are like fake money, but Yeah. 'cause you don't know how much is guaranteed, like The cap is going up. You could just be like, we're gonna pay him 60 a year and then you can cut 'em after. Hey, what, how, how did you think that salaries were broken down? You thought it was just 60 total? Yes. Just give him $60 million. You're a quarterback for like five Years. So you're saying like for 60 for five years for Brock Purdy. I would do that in a second. I'll do that in a second. Yeah, no, I think it's, it's gotta be more in like the thirties. I don't know Steve, he's, he's not it Brock Purdy.


He Yeah. Yeah. This is, this is the conversation that's going on. I mean, we've seen Brock Purdy be a good football player. Yeah, very good at times. But it's also when a lot, when all his guys are healthy and everyone else is very good at him. Also, the thing with around Tibo Samuel my ass, The thing with, the thing with Brock Purdy is John Lynch kind of owes Brock Purdy. He can't play like that. No, But think, I mean, think about can't play. Think about the move, the move that John Lynch made on draft day to move up, get Trey Lance. He's not talked about as being one of the bigger draft busts of all time. He just needs more snaps. But the fact is Brock Purdy saved John Lynch's ass by being good with the very last pick. Yeah. I don't know what they're gonna pay him.


The Niners need a full reset though. I feel like this was the game. If they win this game, they were like, all right, maybe we'll make it the Playoffs. I don't think they're making the playoffs. What are the odds? Can we get the odds up? They're You, us watching. They're some stupid show right now on This. They're not gonna make the Playoffs, sir. Yeah, We're watching a show. We're watching a happy holidays show. Maybe this game just taught us that Trent Williams was the most valuable player of this team. And Brandon Iuk and Less Than 1% chance. And a and a and a what, what's less than One for the Niners? And Trent Williams is very important. Brandon Iuk is very important. Debo Samuels four years ago was very important. Or I mean, even last season, Christian McCaffrey's very important, very, Very important. I they're gonna have to make some hard decisions and, and shed some of these guys.


So less than 1%. What about the Rams? Because the Rams, let's talk about the Rams. The Rams credit. The Rams, they've won games in very, I mean, you can't win games in, in two different ways than what they did against the bills four days ago, five days ago. In that shootout where they score 44 and then figure out a way tonight to grind it out and win a 12 to six game where it felt like nothing was happening. Cooper cou Cooper Cup. Did he have a catch? I know he didn't have a catch until going into the fourth quarter. I don't think that he Did. Yeah. I mean, pka Nacu had a couple big plays, but they, they, you know, that was a gutsy find a way to win Tough, tough game for the Rams. And now they are eight and six. They play the Jets.


They play the Cardinals. They play the Seahawks. Again, I I mean, I'm the biggest Commanders fan in the world now because let's go. This is, I can't Well, Hank too, Hank has a Superbowl future on it. Hank too. I can't have the Rams in the playoffs. No, the Rams have a 48% chance right now to make it to the Playoffs. And what are, what are the commanders at? The Commanders not 50. That, that was current. If win it jumped up to 50 from 48. Oh, Max. Thanks. Max. Max. Max. Max. The way Max said 50. There he is. So excited. Well, that was also like, it went from 48 to 50. It wasn't Like a, the commanders, if they win on Sunday, have an 86% chance that I control my own destiny If they lose 57. Oh My God. But There's no way.


Yeah. Oh my God. Jake can't, There's literally no way. All right. Yeah, we're gonna get to that. Well, we, we talk about it in the preview, but Oh my God. Yeah. Listen, I can't have the Rams in these playoffs. Max, You would still rather play, you'd rather play the Rams than the Commanders. I mean, the Rams and this, which world are we in? Yeah. World. Oh yeah. Yeah. I I might paint myself green if the green that's core the ram. That's actually a fair question. I'm gonna say this. Say it. Who would you rather play That game we just watched? I didn't watch a game that'd been like, holy shit, I don't wanna play this team. Yeah. Weather. That was the worst football game ever.


But the Rams do, the Rams do deserve credit for finding a way to win that game. 'cause it was ugly. It was terrible. And the Rams, it was horrendous. The Rams did look much better in a very, very shitty game than the Niners did. I said during the game. But if that was the first game ever played a football, they would never play a second game of football. Maybe this is maybe like, this sport is not good. Let's retool, get back together. We're playing rugby now. Maybe this is a solution. 'cause Al Michaels is back for another year. So they announced that this week he's back for another year. Really? Yeah. He's year to year. Listen, I've, but, but hold PFD I've had my sword out for Al Michael's last two Cs. I don't know if I've got a throw in Me. Hold on. PFT. Maybe the solution is they just have to guarantee that there's no touchdown scored on Thursday night football.


Because Al Michaels was not a problem tonight. He matched the energy perfectly. Yeah. Like he was the perfect announcer for this game. When he's annoyed at an appropriate time, then it's okay. But I can, I can't do another season of defending Al Michaels. Yeah. I just can't do it. What Were you Looking at? My men are tired. Do you have anything for us? Oh, I thought you had one other thing for us. Looking up. What are the chances? Oh, no, the, the, the Niners. We already did one. So wait, what are the commanders that right now? Max. 78%. 78. Okay. That's good. You guys are acting like, wait, Max, you never answered the question though. The End of the world. Oh yeah. You never answered the question Max. In, in what? Wor The playoffs start tomorrow. This this World. I would like, I would like the Rams. But in the real world.


In the real world, Would is it? Yeah. The Same world. It's the same world. But see, Hank doesn't get it because Hank never loses the big game. He always wins it. Hank Who The fuck is the guest on this show today? Dude. Hank. Hank. Oh, Hank there. Nick Fos on the show. And Hank had to leave midway through Once he started talking about the Super Bowl. Hank gets up, watch for this in the YouTube. He Actually, he took his headphones off and he was just going off what Nick Foles was saying. Yeah. By like, my reaction. And he was getting, he was getting angry and I was looking at him. He was like, oh, can't hear. Everyone was acting like the fucking president was here. It made me sick. You, you And Hank are pretty much the same person. Max, did you know that like, deep down in your core, you're the same guy.


Also. Bruins lost game seven like two years ago. Oh, Hank don't even you. I saw you retweet that. That horrendous, horrendous stat of all the, I watched Chicago to be good. Did you guys see That is insane. It was insane. It was actually insane. I read it as a good thing because the tides have to turn. It was Actually Insane. Chicago is a very fun city. I love living in Chicago. Great sports town, passionate fans. They deserve better. Here's, Here it is. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you guys some guesses. So this is from Jay Cuda. So in the last seven years, he did a combination of wins, playoff wins per city last seven years.


So Boston has 133 wins between their four teams in the last seven years. Philly 72 wins the Bay Area, which has five teams. 81 wins Phoenix 38. Atlanta 38. Atlanta only has three teams. Denver, 94 Tampa, 83 Toronto. Only three teams. They have 50. Doesn't Tampa only have three? Two. Tampa Has three teams. 83 wins. Toronto has 51 wins. They have three teams. How many playoff wins do you think the city of Chicago has in the last seven years? Five teams. Seven, by the way. Five teams. Five teams. So the Blackhawks, none the Cubs.


This does not count 2016 or does not. Okay, so none for the Cubs then. None for the White Sox. The Bears don't have any either. You Are off on a couple. Wait, does the plan count playing Counts? I guess five, Four. The answer's four. The White Sox have two. The Black Hawks have one. The bulls have one. So shut the fuck up. Hank Max. I got your back. He doesn't understand, doesn't it? Alright, but, but again, you Couldn't take Nick Foles sitting in here for a Minute.


The fact that you want to play the four, the Rams Super Bowl champion Rams stud quarterback. Great coach. What year are we in? No, like they've won a Super Bowl recently. Yeah. Like they have super, they have, they have the Super Bowl three. But Like Aaron, Donald, Same, same coach, same quarterback. Aaron Donald's Very important. Same coach, same quarterback. Yeah. Like that's the same, same core. Okay. Okay. Or the most dysfunctional franchise of all time with a rookie quarterback, Hank. And you're taking the Rams Hank Three Super Bowls. Okay. Joe Gibbs. I don't wanna lose Aga again to another person on this podcast in the playoffs.


I've done it to you twice. And it's the worst feeling. You don't understand how bad the feeling is. He doesn't you lose to somebody in this podcast in a playoff game. He doesn't, he does not Wrong Jake Marsh. He got you there. Gotcha. Either way, I, the Niners are dead. It's over reset everything. It's over. And then the Rams, we got, we got a Rams problem on this podcast. Yeah. It's a big Rams problem. We got a Rams problem. I'm, I'm knee deep in the Rams right now. I'm with you. I'm a brother in Arm. You got a great coach. And somebody sent this scenario to me. And the more this is sick, the more it plays is sick. It's Perverted this person go to jail.


It's disgusting. Pre cry. They should be arrested, pre executed. There's a scenario that is looking more likely. I don't wanna say it's probable, but it it, the scenario's out there and it's talking to me every day that week 18. Hank is so, do you wanna take off your pants? I'm Excited. I'm very excited. I need to beat the Cowboys. Or maybe I, maybe it doesn't matter if I beat the Cowboys or not, but the Commander's playoff chances come down to the Bears beating the Packers. When PFT told me that, I was like, dude, that sucks. And he's like, no, I'll, I'll root for the Bears. I'm like, no, no, we won't beat the Packers.


It's a, it's a, it's a scenario that's out there. There's That Would and that's all I'm gonna be thinking About. It would be the worst scenario ever. Because there's no chance they're Gonna be, the Packers is separate Gametime, is it separate time? They Don't do that. They don't announce it till before. But I think, I think if the Bears lost that game, That might be, there's not an If that might be the top part of my take. There's not an if PFT, they're gonna lose that game. If you lose by like 45 points to the Packers again. Sure. That's de Possible. And then that knocks me out. And then that makes Hank's bet win. And then Max is happy. That would be real sick if it like, if No, It would, no not 45 1. If it came down, it would be really sick if it was like all the tie breakers, then it came down to Point differential.


Yeah. The Packers. Yeah. Packers won by like 50. Yeah. Yeah. We're, we're rooting in the fourth quarter because the Packers are only winning by 40 points. And the Bears have four yards. Yeah. And then the Packers score a meaningless touchdown on the last drive. You just gotta Beat the sense. Can you send me that? I want to try. No, don't I He's gonna send It to me. Do your own homework. Okay. Yeah. Someone send me the notes. All right, well we got the rest of week 15 Picks and preview. That game sucked. I am impressed with the Rams just because if you could win both again, if you win those two ways in five day span, that's, I mean, they weren't the problem tonight. The Niners were the problem. Yeah. Somehow Sean McVay looked less wet than Kyle Shanahan and he wasn't even wearing a Hat.


Yeah. Kyle Shanahan had that hood up where it's like, I wanna be anywhere but here McVay Was just gliding between the raindrops. Someone asked him if he wants to leave again tonight. 'cause I know he said no after he won by a million Better weather in Chicago. Listen, you don't have to pay Caleb Williams for a few years. Brock Pro's gotta get paid right now. Right now. Okay. Let's kick it to ourselves. Picks and preview Nick Foles and then Fire Fest.


Okay. Before we get to our weekend preview, it's brought to you by our friends at Gametime. Gametime is focused on togetherness This holiday season. When you bring people together at live events, the experience is that much better. And it's the perfect gift. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime Picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime Picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We're looking for Bills, lions tickets, tickets. It's pricey, but it's Gonna be a Superbowl atmosphere. You can get in for 380 bucks. Alright, hit that GT pick steal and they've got some great deals on Gametime. So just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime pick Steal near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Buy those tickets to the lion's bills. Get there. It's gonna be an incredible atmosphere. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. We all know 2024 has been wild so far. So let's talk about something important. If you get injured by a person, place, or thing, you deserve to get paid. Life can be crazy sometimes in one person's negligence can result in another settlement. If you're an in an accident, not calling a lawyer means you could be leaving money on the table. When you're seriously hurt, your injury could be worth millions. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over a hundred offices nationwide and more than a thousand lawyers with over $20 billion recovered for over $500,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is so easy. Dunking is hard. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan Morgan is easy. So if you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement.


Okay, boys week 15. And we have no more buys. And we have maybe the grossest early slate and just a incredible treat in the afternoon with all the games that have, I mean, the early slate has some games that have playoff implications, but it's a lot of good team, bad team matchups. The late slate is everything. The late Slate is maybe the most perfect part of a NFL Sunday that we've had all season. Yeah, You'd rather have it better late than early though, right? Yeah. Like you'd rather have this be this way than if you reversed It, you know? Yeah. Shout out to people that go to church. They're gonna get back have, have great NFL matchups ready for 'em? Yeah. Yeah. This Might be the slate of the year.


The afternoon slate. Week 15. Church Normally ends before. Yeah. Church is like 10:00 AM Yeah. Or maybe if you guys, the way you guys worship, maybe. What Time did you go to church? Yeah, I was, I went to Quaker meeting that was a little bit more relaxed. You be hung over. Stumble on in. I went to 1130 mass, but it would be done at 1230. And you'd be home by, you'd be home by The one. What time do your game start in central time zone max? Well, 1130 is East Coast time. I think they, you think Church starts at 10 30 and Central times. They schedule church for Football. Do they? Yeah. Smart. They should or Yeah, there's multiple masses, you know? Yeah, There are. Yeah. Okay. So we, that's the setting for this weekend. We gotta get through the early slate.


We just gotta get through the early slate. First up, let's do some games. First up, chiefs at Browns. Browns plus four over under 43 and a half. The Kansas City Chiefs are on a seven game against the spread losing streak, which is pretty crazy. It is. Especially 'cause they are 11 in one. Yeah. Well, maybe, maybe they're just, They're 12 in one. Are they 12 in one? They're 12 In one. They're, they're just perfect at not exerting themselves too much. They don't waste any energy. Yeah. They don't waste any energy. They're 12 and one and they've lost seven games against the spread in a row. It basically, they're testing everything where it's like, we're gonna be so great. But also anyone who's like, don't, you don't get rich betting against Patrick from Holmes.


Actually you do this year. Yeah. It's been the year to do it. Yeah. I I just want Jamis to play well enough in this game that he doesn't get bitched next week. I agree with that. 'cause next week it will be Browns Bengals, and I just wanna see Jamis Winston and Joe Burrow dual it out. I wanna see 85 points. Yeah. Yeah. The, the, I think Jamus is gonna be okay. The chiefs past defense, the Chiefs have a couple problems. Their offensive lines a problem. Their past defense is a problem. Their past defense since Jalen Watson, one of their great defensive backs went out for the season is 28th in EPA. So Jamis might be able to cook and also DJ Humphreys is already questionable. So he had a hamstring issue. So they might be back to like, holy shit we're shuffling along the line.


Did they get that MRI back? Yeah. I don't know if they got that. I know that Andy was waiting on that. The MMR mri. The MR mri. He Said that. Yeah. He's like, I'm waiting on this mri. We ordered an MR Mri. Yes. We'll see what happens with that. I, I like what the Browns did this week. They cut caius Tony, which is smart. Yes. That's addition by subtraction. It also tells me that they probably asked Caius, Tony, Hey, can you give us any information about the Chief's playbook? Realized that he had absolutely no help on that regard. Yeah. And they're like, well, that's really the only reason why we're hoping to have you around this week. Yeah. Yeah. So we'll see you. Yeah. Yeah. I I I like the Browns of this game. Do you like him straight up? I don't know if I like 'em straight up. Also, another stat that might be pro Jamus. The Chiefs are third fewest in the league in takeaways.


So they've only had 10 takeaways this year. Not turning the ball over on opposing offenses that much. Maybe we know he is been, Jamis has been. So he had the, the game against the Broncos pick six after pick six. He asked the Lord to deliver him from pick sixes against the Steelers. No pick sixes did throw two Picks. Maybe the final iteration is no Picks, no Picks this week. I don't know. I I wouldn't mind if he had, like, I don't, I don't want James to throw no Picks. That means he is not taking enough chances. True. I want full blooded Jamus. Yeah. We need full blooded Jamus. You're right. Yeah. I, I don't know, I don't know which Jamus we're gonna get this week. It could be good. Could be bad. I'm hoping for good. I'm hope, I'm hoping for Great Brown's against the spread. Not a bad play.


Brown's straight up. I don't know. It's up to you. I don't Know. Well, here's the thing too, is this is probably the best game in the early sleep just because it is the Chiefs and it's Jamus. Yeah. Like this is the game that I'll be watching the most, I would say for Ball Knowers, this game should catch your Eye. Yeah. This game, this game will be, will be the best. So I I, I will have something for this game. What do you say, Hank? I know no one cares about your fantasy team, but I do. I am wrestling between Patrick Mahomes this week and Jane Daniels and I, this game could mean a lot for me if I go with Patrick Mahomes, but I don't could. Yeah. What do you guys think? Mm, I think that's a, a man's fantasy questions are between him and the Lord. I, I, I want to answer this, but I gotta buy in both my leagues.


Okay, thanks. I mean, well actually no, I have my, the big league. I don't have a buy, but that Ebo and Bluman are gonna handle that. Say the question again. I got You. Jay Daniels. Patrick Mahomes. Jayden Daniels Easy. Alright. No Question. Just in general or this week? Because I would Say this week in fantasy. Okay. This week in fantasy. Got It. This week in fantasy, that's, yeah. Jayden Daniels for sure. Smart man. I mean, Mahomes is, could, could do great. But like, I've done that too many times where I'm like, it's Mahomes and he just, he sucks. Yeah. I mean, I think he's gonna, I think the, the Brown's defensive line is gonna be all over him. So I like they haven't been able to protect him. Have They been saving Kelsey for the playoffs?


I thought so, but also they, yeah, maybe they have. That's what we, we have to give them the benefit of every single doubt that we have. I don't think the Chiefs are bad. I'm not one of those. They're just lucky. I've, we've said this before, I think that the chiefs, the, the, the championship, DNA, they have Andy Reed, Patrick Mahomes, they're a type of team that if you make one mistake, they will capitalize on it and they will make that into winning football. I'm just more pointing out that like the, if you're a Chiefs fan, you know, there's holes like the Secondary's been struggling, the offensive line's been struggling. Can they, can Patrick Mahomes overcome all of that? Probably, maybe. Yeah. Probably. I don't Know. Probably. You probably still can. Yeah. But I like the, I like the Browns are live here. Okay. Next game.


Bengals at Titans. Titans are plus five and a half over under 46. All the lines on DraftKings. Does the words Brian Callahan revenge game mean anything? A little bit. I think, well, maybe not because him and Zack Taylor are like best friends. Yeah. So Callahan would say that like after losses. I think it actually was the other way around. I think. I think Zack Taylor was saying after losses, the only people that hit you up, or like your wife and maybe like your, one of your parents Right. Hit you up. Right. But apparently Callahan would hit him up after every loss too, and know exactly what to say. So these guys are like very, very close friends. So I don't know if revenge is gonna be the right thing. Yeah. So there's a maybe a, a little bit of a ha hybrid revenge.


I love this guy. Yeah. It's, and I love this guy game. Yeah. Joe Burrow got robbed when he was playing Monday football. That fucking sucked. Yes. There's a criminal syndicate out there that is targeting players based on their Monday night football schedules. It's Nuts. And then just invading their homes while they're, while they're known to be away. I feel bad for Joe. I feel bad for Joe. He said his privacy has been invaded in more ways than one. So I won't, I won't touch on the other part. I'll just say that like, Joe Burrow is so handsome that literally everyone finds him attractive. Yes, that's true. Regardless of your sexual orientation. That's just a good looking human. That's A good looking human and a cool dude. Yeah. I, I like the Bengals just because the, the Titans are so bad and the Titan's given up.


I don't know if they've given up. I don't know if they're good enough to, like, if they were trying their hardest, what would worse? I don't think it would look good anyway. What Would be worse if this was them trying their hardest right. The last two weeks. The loss against the commanders and then losing to the Jaguars. Would it be worse if they were trying their hardest in those games? Or would it be worse if they were just kind of giving up on the season? I think it'd be worse if they're trying their hardest and I think they still are trying their hardest and it's so bad that it looks, it masks as giving up. I feel like everybody except Calvin Ridley is trying their hardest. Yeah. Calvin Ridley kind of gave up. Yeah. Yeah. But it's, it's bad. The Titans are really, really bad and the Bengals are alive ish.


Yeah. We're gonna, we're gonna keep doing it. Listen, If the Bengals, they get to play the Broncos. If the Colts beat the Broncos this weekend and then the Colts lose a couple games, the Bengals are, they kind of start not controlling their own destiny, but they have a, at least a little more say in their destiny than they would otherwise. Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean, I want the Bengals to keep winning. It'd be great just because it'd be great going into the, the last couple weeks of the season, if they were still theoretically alive. It also would just be a great playoff. Like it would just bolster the playoff matchups. If we were like, oh, first round is Josh Allen versus Joe Burrow. I mean, Bo Nicks would be awesome too. So I'm not, we're we got good options. But the Bengals, at least we know they are statist or technically still alive and still playing for Something.


Yep. They sure Are. And they're doing the whole, I'm sure they're doing the Playoffs start now. Speech. Where's the ping pong table at? I don't know. That's gonna be key for me. The Playoffs start now. Every game is a must. Every Game is a playoff game. Yep. For them. And they still might not even get in the playoffs. This A super, super Wild Card weekend. Yeah. Alright. Commanders at Saints. Saints minus seven and a half over under his 44 PFT. I think there's gonna be a whopping, It should be a whopping Can I, can I, can I, can I give you some confidence? Well, so my first question is, because I don't know, I haven't seen anything out there about this. Are we getting Spencer Rattler on the Saints? Or are we getting Jake Hanner on the Saints? I don't think it matters because I have, I have some things that are going to maybe fill you, fill you up with confidence.


Okay. The first is Jaden Daniels seven in one against spread verse teams under 500. The Saints are under 500. The second is, here's a list of games. And I want you to tell me what they have in common. Bucks. 51 Saints. 27 Broncos. 33 Saints. 10 Chargers. 26 Saints eight. He over hit in three outta four of those. Those were the three games that Derek Carr missed. Okay. They got fucking smoked. Derek Carr. You could say whatever you want about him, but I think he masks a lot of the badness of the saints. Even though they're still bad with Derek Carr sometimes I think it's gonna, I they can't, how are they gonna move the Ball?


No. Derek car and No ta. Hill Hill. Two of those games were no Ta Hill one. You know, they lost by Yeah. 20 plus they lost by 20 plus. Yeah. Also, Jayden makes his return to Louisiana. Yep. Gonna be in the dome. Yep. I feel like he's fully healed now. I think this is gonna be a shit. They're probably gonna Shit. You know what, you know what they're gonna do this weekend? They're gonna turn him loose. Oh, this is the Jayden Daniels gets turned loose, weekend off A bi Off, off a bi feeling good. Going back to Louisiana playing. I think this is his first game in a dome on artificial turf, because he played in Arizona, but that's grass. And he played in Cincy, but that's not a dome. Yeah, it's, it is turf. But this is the first combo. Artificial turf.


Wow. He's anti-air golf. He Might be, I feel like this is gonna be a, this, this could be a whomping. Yeah. I don't wanna get too confident, but it's a must swamp. I think you, I, I think there's no thing as like, I think you guys are gonna win this game. I, I feel confident in the commanders and it's a must win. It's a must swamp. It's a must swamp. No. Yeah. Don't say must want for Me. For me, it's a must swamp. I think it's just a must win. Yeah. So anything, and then You gotta look at it over there. If they, if the Eagles lose, then you're starting to think, whew. Yeah. Next week. Don't look in that rear view Mirror. Watch out. So watch out buddy. I'm not gonna over, you'll still don't drop the soap. I'm not gonna overlook the Saints though. Saints are a good football team. I'm just trying to do like coach speak right now. Yeah. You know, they're good football. Jake Er does a lot of good things. JK Hanner.


I've, he's looked good in some of his pictures that he took. The official team photos were very interesting that Jake Hanner took this season. Spencer Rattler five star guy outta high school. We know he is got the talent. Yeah. It's somewhere in there. Alvin Kamara. I mean, what hasn't he done in this league? Says, that's all you gotta say. He does it All. You gotta just say that. Alvin Kamara, they got some play makers on defense that have been around good kicking game. They Pay those guys Too. They pay, they pay those guys too. Being a road favorite, like this is a, it's still a very unusual sensation for me. Yeah. I'm not, I, I don't know how to feel about it, but Marsh on Latimore should play this weekend revenge Game for Him. Revenge game for him, which will be nice and good vibes in the district.


It looks like we're getting RFK stadium back. Oh wow. Yeah. All we had to do was trade a squadron of F sixteens to Maryland for it. Oh hell yes. Which is, I think thats An awesome trade. That's a story that was, I think only written for me there. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. What does, why does Maryland need DC's F sixteens? I don't know. We Thinking about naming an RFK Junior Stadium. RFK Junior Stadium. That would be kind of cool. Yeah. No shots allowed. Yeah. There's some dead, dead animals in the end zone. I kinda like that. Yeah. Put one at midfield. Yeah. Yeah. Not, not bad. Gotta play around the whale carcass. Yeah. You get brain worms if you play there. Yep. Hank, have we mentioned any of your hungry dog teams yet? No. Okay. So the Saints are not in the hungry dog.


So you're in the clear. Yeah. You're In the, the Browns are not in the hungry dog. Nope. Titans? Nope. God No. Okay. Okay. Hank, are, you are What's, what are your thoughts on this? If the commanders win, I know you put that bet in for them to not make the playoffs because you're Jake hater. I did. Well, if the commanders win my, my Super Bowl future gets that much better. So I'd be excited. Mm. Okay. I love you, Hank. That's so nice. That's very nice. Yeah. That was very nice of you. How about this one? Hank Raven's a giant. There's no way they lose this game. Like it's, it's, oh, Okay. Now you're being mean further. He went a little further. Now you're being mean. There's, gimme everything you just said. Gimme Hank's supercomputer projected outcome for this game. The things We just said were coach speak, talking up the Saints.


You could simulate this game a thousand times. The Saints might win twice. Oh, okay. But what is it, what's the aggregate projection? Aggregate projection 35 7. Okay. All right. So that's, that's your statistical model. All right. So you're taking the, are you taking the commanders this weekend? I mean, that's a pretty powerful model. A thousand times. They only, the Saints only win twice. Seven and a half points. NFL team though. It's a lot Teasing. Why, why don't you throw the commanders in the hungry dog? Yeah, I'll Tease 'em. I'll tease 'em. Why don't throw the commander's money line in the hungry dog? Just choose Soat. That's not how the hungry dog Works, man. But I mean, you could just, it's just, it's a thousand times they play. Only two times they would lose.


It's, I'll tease him. Yeah. If you Tease him, what would that be? Seven and a half down to one and a half? Yeah. Yeah. Something Like that. Yeah. There's no chance, right? Literally no chance. Well, no, you said two, 200,000. I'll hop on that teaser too. Yeah. Just lemme know what, what you do with that. Gimme the second leg. Find the second leg for that teaser. We'll find it as we go through the games. How about that? Yeah. We'll make a PM tease. Okay. This is not a teaser game, but Ravens of Giants, giants plus 16 over under is 42 and a half 16. It's a lot of points. It's The, the Giants have not been underdogs of double digits in the last 50 years at home.


It's a lot, a lot, a lot. A lot of points. Okay. So this is the centennial season for the New York Giants. So hundredth season there is a chance because their last two home games are against the Ravens and the Colts. They're gonna be underdogs, I would imagine against the Colts as well. Yeah. If they lose those two games, they will become the first team in NFL history to go oh and nine at home in a single season. Damn. That's crazy. You gotta redo the centennial season next year. Yeah. You just gotta pretend this season didn't happen. Well 'cause there's no year zero, right? Right. So do that. This is also, it's only the 10th time in the last 40 year, 48 years that a road team has been that this big of a favorite.


It's an insane spread. This is a college football spread. No home team has been this much of an underdog since 2021. You know who it was? The Jaguars? Mm. When they hosted the bills, but the Jags won nine to six. Oh, I remember that game. Who, Who could forget that game? Yeah, that's, yeah, I do remember that Game. Was that, was that like week two or something? Was it the week two or was it the last week game? Remember the, the season? Wait, Jaguars verse, who was it? Jaguars. Bills. Bills. Oh yeah, that was, that was that week two. Yeah. That was like something some early in the season. I remember that. Yeah. So we'll see what happens. Tommy DeVito, he's back. Tommy DeVito, remember him. Italians are back also, we had a, a weird story this week that Lamar Jackson shared that his mom was mad at him for not running enough.


So he said, my mama just told me that she cussed me out. This is after the game against the Eagles. I'm mad we're gonna get after it. I'm not gonna lie to you. We're gonna go get after it. I can't wait for this by to get on. We got the Giants coming up. She said there were lanes I should have taken and ran. I was just trying to let guys develop routes, yada, yada, yada. He then also had a tweet yesterday that said, I can't wait for the internet to crash. Yeah. Is that because people were like, Hey, your mom tells you what to do. I don't know what that was about. Why the buddy pregnant? Yeah. Why the buddy pregnant all time Tweet? I don't know. Yeah. Why, why was Lamar Jackson? I, I would imagine that most people, most of the feedback Lamar gets online has, is generally positive.


Yeah, I would think so. Right? Unless he's missing a, a practice for diarrhea. Yeah. Or losing in the playoffs. Or Losing the playoffs. Yeah. That's probably not a good time for him to go online. This would make more sense if he tweeted that out in January. Yeah. But the Ravens are also prone to weird games. But the Giants are really bad. That's a good point. Counterpoint. The Giants are so, so bad. So in their seven home losses, they've been outscored 164 to 71. No Dexter Lawrence, they're just so bad. Yeah. They're such a bummer. Are they the worst team? They might be the worst team. I don't know. Titans. Titans might, I would, I'll say this without Dexter Lawrence, I think they might be the worst team.


I think they, I think they would take the key. So it'd be, it'd be be between the Giants, the Raiders, and the Titans. If Daniel Jones was starting, I don't think that they would be the worst team though. I, I agree with that. But it is kind of crazy that like he definitely would be, he probably would've found them a win somewhere. Yeah. They're doing elective surgery Right. To make themselves uglier right now. Right. Okay. So the next game cowboys at Panthers. Panthers minus three over under 43. So the Panthers, I think we all agree have been playing good football. I think If you just look at the pan, if you throw away everything before Andy Dalton got into a car accident. Yep.


Then I think the Panthers are like an average team that has actually been trending in a very good direction. Like an above average team right now. They're the one of the bad teams that is still playing really hard and, and pushing teams to the limit. And I was thinking about, I was like, man, what, what is this turnaround like, you know, Bryce Young obviously has been great. There was a report this week that David Tepper has actually taken a hands-off approach to the team. Smart. So that might be why the Panthers are good again, Very smart. And I Good is a relative term. This is the first time they have been favorites in 33 games. So I kinda like the Panthers this week. I do too. I kind of like 'em straight up. Oh, I mean they are, oh, Hank's going Hungry Dog with the Cowboys.


Gomas Hank, They let down spot Hank Gomas A let down Spot for the, for the pan. Listen To you guys. They've Lost three in a row, But you guys are talking about them like they're a good team. That's fair. I said relative, I said they're a good team relative to PFT. Just said above average. I think they're playing above average football right now. They al they should have beaten the Eagles last week. They should have beaten the Chiefs. They should have been the Eagles. They were, they went to overtime against the Bucks. Let down. But they haven't won those games. But They're riding high, But they haven't won them. Hank kind of makes a little bit of sense, like the Panthers. We are, it's the Panthers. We've never talked about the Panthers. And they're, it's, it's like Mike Tomlin Steelers as, as home underdogs.


Panthers as Favorites, as road favorites. But The Cowboys stink. They almost beat the Bengals. Well the Cowboys also have some bad injuries. Yes. And it over Sean's out, right? Yep. And he, he's Out for a Long time. So to me over Sean, the way that he's played this season, if you compare just straight up to how Micah Parsons has played this season, overshot I think has been their best defensive player. Cooper Rush isn't good. Neither are the Panthers. Okay. I They're playing good ball. It it, it's just Panthers road favorites. No, they're not road. They're home. Home. Panther's favorites. Fade. You don't want to go into the The bank.


Probably Bank of America, I Think. Type of bank. Yeah. You don't, you don't go into the bank Like that. Yeah. Yeah. You don't do that. You don't go into that bank. They're gonna pound that key pounding drum. Somebody's gonna break that drum this weekend. That's my call. Chub Of Hubbard memes. What do you got? What? What's up with the sunglasses? So there's a light in there that I, I guess I haven't noticed still now. And I've just been staring at it now. My eyes are all Fucked up. You couldn't stop staring at the light. It's literally been there since we've been in this studio. Which Light? It's Above your left Shoulder and you just started staring at it and couldn't stop. Yeah. What are you Moth? I was looking at the screen and then I was seeing dots. So now I got Sunglasses. You look ridiculous. Wearing sunglasses for the podcast.


Don't see Above this one. Yeah. Oh, I, it doesn't even look like it's On today. It's very bright. Got it. It's literally been there since we've started the show In this. And you just caught eyes with it. Yeah. And it's just, It's all I could see. Are you still staring at it right now with the sunglasses? Is this a rebrand? Yeah. Make me like PFT. Yeah. Okay. You wish you got the lottery ball? Maybe set myself up There. So you're going, you're going cowboys, Panthers have covered five straight as well, let down. They've lost three in a row. I mean, Hank Black out Hank is kind of right in that nobody has talked about the Panthers in such glowing terms as everybody's been talking about the Panthers recently. But that might just be because they've been playing well And we're so shocked that Bryce Young, like it's been shocking.


Yeah. 'cause we thought it was, we thought we had written the book. Yeah. Classy guy, very classy. That Bryce Young. Did you see him? He, he said, Said a prayer. Oh Yeah. During the game. Who was it that got injured on the Eagles? I don't know. But there was a guy who got, went down and CJ Gardner Johnson went down twice. I don't know if it was him, but he was, he said a prayer. Yeah. I I didn't see this. Yeah. You would never do that for an opponent. No. Yes, I Would. Is CJ Gardner Johnson? Okay. I believe so. Oh, so the prayer worked. Yeah. So, wow. Bryce Young. Maybe You should thank Bryce Young. Say thank you to Bryce Young. Thank you to Bryce Young. Okay. I I I have no problem with Bryce Young. He's, he's a good quarterback. He thought some prayers do and it worked. Yeah.


Okay. Next game. Jets at Jaguars. Jaguars plus three. Over under 40 and a half we have said, we're not talking about the Jaguars anymore. We also said that this would be when Hank can maybe unload some conspiracy theories on us. I also have a very funny anecdote I'd like to share with the boys before we hear from Hank. Remember on Wednesday when we were talking about Juan Soto and the fact that Yankees fans are now doing a spin zone where they're like, oh, that guy, he can't even play defense. Well, we actually had a similar situation happen for a murder, because I overheard Max in the gambling cave yesterday.


Say, yeah, I heard actually Luigi is Greek. Mm. A real tweet, a real thing. He said tweet saw, he's like all that Greek guy. Max, his full name Luigi Mangione. He's Greek Greek guy. He's a Greek guy. I saw a tweet. Okay. But that was an all time spin zone to be like, yeah, someone told me that he actually might be Greek. Justin. This guy. This guy right here. Greek individual. Greek And Italians are sometimes, Yeah, close. Luigi Mangione is Mangione. Is that, what's the country of origin on that? Greece? It could be. You can't find anything. None of these say Greek.


I know. I don't know where I, it was like an ancestry thing. Wait. And me. Oh my God. But it's just so funny that Max is like, I gotta move away from this murder. He's Greek heard. He's Greek. He's actually eastern. Eastern Italian. Yeah. Which is pretty much Greek. There's, you know, there's countries in between will Find East Italy. I just never thought that would happen where you'd get that kind of spin zone where you're trying to disavow by, by changing where he's from. Manjii. Alright, so Hank Yeah. Your conspiracy Theory. What do you got for us? The government Has, Okay, all right. Good start. Good start. They have technology that's illegal to use to track and find someone like Luigi, which they used the Greek guy.


The Greek guy, which they used illegally to find him. And then planted, you know, they planted all the evidence. The McDonald's worker, the written manifesto to cover their tracks about the fact that they illegally, they basically just like Edward Snowden type stuff, where he uncovered that they were, you know, illegally surveying people and illegally tracking people. They basically used that type of technology to find him and then planted evidence that fit the narrative. Okay. How'd they know it was him though? They used illegal stuff. Okay. And then the McDonald's worker also a government employee.


The McDonald's worker was a plant and that's why they're not gonna get paid. Oh yeah. So I did hear about This. Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So The, the person in McDonald's that allegedly called the cops is not going to get whatever, the $50,000 reward. Yeah. There's, which seems honestly like a low reward for this, but 50 grand reward because they did not call like Crime Stoppers. They, they dialed 9 1 1. Who, What is Crime Stoppers? Crime Stoppers is the company that you call. If you see a criminal, they give you money. That's Crazy. Yeah. So this guy's not, or this man or woman is not getting paid for that. That's nuts because it now have 9 1 1 That makes no sense. It's a loophole. What do you think about the eyebrows? Eyebrows are suspect there's no match. There's some pictures where it's, you know, there's a much bigger separation in the pictures they use to try and find them than what he actually has.


And then, I don't know how this connects to the drones, but I'm still working on that. Are Jersey drones? The drones? We need some reports in the drones. I'm drones happy. We're out Jersey. I was in Jersey. I'm happy I'm out there. Those drones are just hovering. Huh? Someone said someone was like, not to be an alarmist, but I've figured out what the drones are doing and they're looking for atomic bombs. Okay. Not to be Alarmist. Yeah, not to be alarmist. So, but the drones, I've, I've heard that they came outta the ocean. Somebody like in the Coast Guard said that the drones came, sea drones came outta the ocean, which means that they could be aliens too. And then President Pug was reporting that they might be aliens, but good news, they're aliens that are fighting against other aliens protecting Us, ah, From the other aliens.


So President Pugs got it. By the way, max is still looking for the Greek thing and he, I can't even, you made this up. I, I may have just made this up in my head. I could have swore I saw The whole time we've been talking, he's been furious. We could see his computer. He's been furiously typing in different things. In the, in the search bar being like Greece, Greek, there's just no ancestor. It's like there's no way that an Italian could commit murder. I saw Does Luigi man Gioni pay his taxes? I saw You ever hear of Soko and Ti? I saw like an ancestor.com thing that was just like a scre, a screenshot of his, it could have been any screenshot. Now that I think about it, I don't, I'm just gonna shut Up. How about his cousin though? His c or not his cousin.


His, his old roommate throwing him under the bus. Dude, His, His roommate called up, was it the Daily Mail? Called up a newspaper and said, yeah, you know, I lived with him for a while. His back was so bad that he couldn't fuck, he never had sex. 'cause his back was too bad. I'm pretty sure that if you are able bodied enough to like, get up, go to New York, shoot somebody, ride a bike. Yeah. Get on a bus, go to Altoona, Pennsylvania. You could probably have sex. Yeah, I'd agree. The, there's nothing, whenever like something happens, whether it's a murder, tragedy, whatever it could be, and you have the news the next day and it says former roommate or former friend. I immediately am like, that guy's a scumbag.


Yeah. He literally saw something and was like, oh, ask me about this. What the fuck, dude. Also, this is just conspiracy theory. I'm not saying I believe this. Just connecting dots. Diddy allegations come out. Bridge blows up. Right? Remember that? Good point. Jay-Z allegations come out. Drones happen. Oh. So like, whenever something in the news happens, then there'll be another news story that happens after. Well, there's these elites rings that there are, you know, the, the, the elitist and the people in the Illuminati, they're worried about getting busted and they're pushing the, like The button, Distraction button. And it's like, distraction button is drones. Drones bridge.


Where, where does Mangione fit into this Distraction? We just need to send him back to Greece. Was he a distraction from Jay-Z or was Jay-Z a distraction from him? He was a, because he, because Jay-Z happened before, Before what is going on? Arrested with Jay-Z. Can someone tell me? Yeah. Did he Yeah. Did he, did he, oh, he's related allegations. There's a, a woman that is suing him. So it's a civil case and the same attorney, David Busby, I think that's his name, Busby, whatever it is, he's out of Houston. He's the same guy that represents all the Deshaun Watson accusers. Okay. Him and his client have filed a civil case against Jay-Z claiming that they, that he raped like a 14-year-old girl.


That's bad. And then Jay-Z said like, take my name outta your mouth. You're about to find out where I come from. Got it. And then Roger Goodell said, we're still doing the halftime show. All's good. Yeah. He's Like, and Roger Goodell would never lie. Roger Goodell said, we're gonna stick with Jay-Z and wait for all the facts to come out. Got it. Yeah. I'm, I was yawning. So I asked President Pug to grab me a coffee real quick. Pug, do you have any thoughts on the drones real quick? Do you wanna just say it in there? Yeah, it's probably alien. I've heard it's aliens protecting from other aliens is what I've heard. Okay. Pug Got it. That kind of wraps it up. I wonder why.


I don't know what anyone else is gonna look for. It's Marvel v DC situation. Probably aliens protecting from other aliens. That's what I've heard. So that's what I've heard. Make that a whole quote. It's good aliens, Probably good Aliens are protecting Us. Okay. Why do they, why do the good aliens want to Wait? Come back in. Come back in, come on. Why do the good aliens, why, why are they protecting us? What's in it for them? Are they just nice? No, apparently they've been here the whole time, but just in the water. Okay. And then when the bad aliens, I guess, are threatening now. So they came out to protect us. Oh. Against the bad aliens. So there're are saviors. Yes. And how do I tell the difference if I'm outside and I see an alien? How do know if it's a, a good alien or bad One? That's a scary part. I don't think we know. Okay. Okay.


But you know, the other part? Yeah, Because like saying I don't think we know would imply Is this just the plot of transformers? You understand saying, I don't think we know would imply that everything else you said before that is like, well, that's facts. Well, We know they're protecting us, but we don't know. Like the war with the bad aliens. Don't know. Got it. Okay. We don't know like the result of that Yet. Yeah. 'cause it's ongoing. Yes. Okay. Okay. Well keep us updated. I'm on whoever's side wins. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All right. Who's who Just said all this stuff. Pug. All right. Thank you. Pug Memes. Do you have anything about the Jets? We can talk about the Jets. I think this is gonna be a shit kicking By The Jets.


Okay. Okay. This is actually my game of the year. Oh, Okay. I think they're gonna take all the frustrations out of this dog shit season onto the Jag horses Sunday. And that's it. I Think, I actually don't disagree. And it's also just a simple, like Aaron Rogers versus Mac Jones. Yeah. You guys wanna hear the sad stat of the day. Yeah. Aaron Rogers averages 260 yards for the next four games. He'll be the single season passing leader of the New York Jets. Wait, say it again. If he averages 260 yards a game for the next four games, he'll be the single season passing leader for the Jets. That seems like a lot of yards though. Mm. Yeah. But he, he's kind of in that range and it's an extra game.


Yeah. Yeah. But it's still, those aren't like the, the Bears passing sad stats when they do the thing like the, what is it, 4,000 yard passer? Yeah. And it's everyone's, it's all the pictures and they're just blank for the Bears. Caleb on track for That. I don't think this year, but next year, yes, he is. Okay. Yeah. Me, I, I don't disagree with you. It feels like this is a weekend for the Jets offense to actually do something. Well, the Jets offense hasn't been bad. They've top five. They top five. They put over 20 the past couple games. Mm. Not the offense for Seahawks, but, mm. Okay. Let's see the last couple games for the Jets here. Okay, So the last couple games for the Jets six.


Yeah. He scored some points against the Dolphins. The Seahawks game. They did not score 21 on offense. Did 14. Okay. And then you scored 27 against the Cols. Was that any, none of that was pick sixes or anything? Nope. All offense hall. All offense. Bri Hall. Okay. And then you scored six against the Cardinals. So two outta the last four games. The offense has scored over 20 points we're They're figuring it out. This Is actually less few games of the season for the Jaguars. I know we're not supposed to preview him, but we have a, a potential narrative that could stick around for a while, developing that. Okay. So I'm sitting up Head coach of the Jaguars.


Doug Peterson still the head coach. They should, if he wins this game, they should fire him because that would put him one game above 500 Lifetime. Oh. As a head coach. I Like that. And you don't want to be like one of those statistics where it's like this Super Bowl winning coach is actually below 500. Below 500. Yeah. For his career. Yeah, you're right. The nice thing to do for the Jaguars would be to fire Doug Peterson with a win. Yeah, I think you're right. Yeah. Fire 'em after a win. Let 'em get above 500. They're not gonna win this game though. Memes is right. I think memes is right too. Okay. Dolphins, memes is always right. Dolphins and Texans. Texans minus three is the last game of the early slate.


This, that one actually has some playoff implication because Texans are eight and five off a bi. Dolphins still technically alive. So Texans minus three over unders 46 and a half. Can I point out one thing? Because two has been hurt this year. We haven't been able to do the like, Hey, fraud Dolphins thing two is five wins this year. Or the Rams Good. Good-Ish team. Yeah. Good team. Are they above 500? I Don't think. Yeah, they're six and seven I Think. All right. So Right, right, right, right. Close enough. The Rams, the Jaguars, the Raiders. The Patriots and the Jets. Oh, they're seven. Oh, the seven, The seven steps.


Alright. They're So, lemme say it again. The Rams, the Jaguars, the Raiders. The Patriots and the Jets. The losses for two of this year. Buffalo twice Arizona, green Bay, Texans are above 500 w We should remember the fact that the Dolphins just can't beat a team above 500. Yeah. But I think I liked the Dolphins straight up this weekend. But did you hear what I said? I did. I heard that. I still like 'em. I still like 'em. 'cause I don't think the Texans, they're not in that obviously the, the Cardinals, they don't kind of qualify the same way that the bills would, would qualify as like a very, very good team. Or the Packers would qualify as a very, very good team.


But I don't think that the Texans are a super good team. But are the Texans closer to the Bills and the Packers or the Jaguars? Raiders. Patriots and Jets Probably closer to the Packers. That's my only, that's my only thought in this game. Not really deep level thoughts, but that was my thought. So I mean the, what you're saying is essentially if the Texans beat the Dolphins, then the Texans are a good team and if they lose Yeah, then, then they're A bad team. They're Bad team. Yeah. Yeah. It's, this really has a lot to do with That side of the ball. Yeah. Tell, tell us what happens. Yeah. Yeah. Basically. That makes sense. Anything else for this game?


I got nothing else. This game. That's about it for me. That's the early slate. Let's get into, you know what, let's build up to the, to the three games. Let's build up to the three great, great games. Let's start with the, we'll start with the ones. There's a couple mixed in there that are not actually there's four great games in the afternoon, but one bad one. Hank Patriots of Cardinals. Cardinals minus six over under 46. I'm happy This game's in the afternoon. Yeah. Get swallowed up. Swallowed up. Should we talk about Bill Belichick? Yeah. UNC. Happy For him. Your beloved Tar Heels. Yeah. Think it probably will work out. It was funny seeing that whole, like Bill Belichick basically was saying fuck you to the NFL. While I believe that, I also think there's an element of Bill Belichick being like, if I'm not gonna get, I don't want to do another hiring cycle where I don't get hired, I'm gonna go take this into my own hands.


Yeah. And I think he's gonna be successful at UNC. I really do. I don't know. I, I'm not Saying that he's not. Yeah. Because he's obviously one of the smartest and best football coaches of all time. But there's a lot that's different about college. Yeah. From the NFL. Well That was the fun. And like to think that you're gonna jump into it and immediately be able to run the best. Oh, definitely not the best program. Yeah. I don't think that, I think it's gonna be a lot more complicated than even he thinks that it's gonna be. It's, I mean, bill O'Brien has done decently well with Boston College this year in terms of like writing them. And I don't think they're gonna win the a CCC next year. I think they'll just look a lot more competent than they have. But did you read that article where he was like, I'm just tired of like, the bullshit in the NFL.


Yeah. Feels kind of weird to be like, I'm tired of the bullshit in the NFL. Let me go to somewhere where there's significantly more Bullshit. Yeah. College football is the bullshits sport. It's, it's, and that's what, that's what we love about it. It's all bullshit. It's insane. There's so much crazy shit that happens all the time. Like the NFL is pretty buttoned up for this part. Yeah. Yeah. But there's wild stuff that he can't even account for in that. I like the, the people that are pointing out, some coaches have been successful as NFL coaches that then transition into college coaches. And I love the fact that they're including Nick Saban in that list as like a great NFL coach that proved that he can make the transition to college football and win there. Yeah. So Hank I think he spent, you know, obviously he wasn't coaching this year, his son was.


So I think he obviously got to, you know, hear and see how the way things worked and made the decision that he thought he could handle it. I don't think he's going into it blind and it's gonna be blindsided by the way, you know, college and recruiting and all that stuff works. He's, he's seen it. He knows how it goes. And he made the decision himself to take the job. He obviously has the 400 page. I would love, love, love to get my hands on that, his manifesto on his manifesto. I think it's gonna be exciting. I think you're gonna see a, a difference side of Bill. I think, you know, you saw it this year where it's like he was a hardass NFL coach because he knew that's what it took to win. I think he's going to know that he has to show his softer side, which he did this year in the media.


And he's gonna do it with coaching where it's like, it's not gonna be the same NFL Bill Belichick. It's gonna be a different type of Bill Belichick where it's like he's gonna do what he has to do to win. It's like Back to school with Brody Dangerfield. He's gonna be, he's gonna be cool guy Bill. To an extent. Yeah, to a certain extent. I think he's gonna be more like the NFL, you know, the NFL players will be like, he was such a hard ass. But it's different when, you know, players are under contract. They're getting paid so much money. Obviously with NIL it's a little bit similar, but I think he's gonna be successful. I I am happy that he's at UNC. Yeah. Yeah. It's cool. I mean, You've always been at Tar Hill. I Ha I mean listen, I obviously the Duke stuff, I was a Duke fan growing up, but like, again, I am very close with Caleb. I've known him since I was 22.


When I first went to UNC, it was like Mitch Mac, Hollands, Switzer, Jeff shocker. Like you boys. I've had some, some Carolina football relationships since I've been like 22. So I, I don't, I don't ha I have nothing against Drake. May I have nothing against Carolina Football. Drake may great. Some of all time friends. Unc Yeah. And if, if like Bill Belichick is using Caleb to recruit, like that's gonna be awesome. Can we make you A split jersey? That would be awesome. A UNC football Duke basketball Or Yeah. And golf three. I'm gonna get a Drake May Patriots UNC split. Oh, I like that a lot. Those would Be hot. Yeah. So you think he's gonna be, when you say successful first year Playoff, What?


College football playoff We show win the a CC. Yeah, I know. Okay. Playoff in the first year. Yeah. What kind, what kind of props is old bill gonna have on the sideline? You know, the turnover chain turnover hoop. You gotta, you gotta appeal to the kids. How? I feel like he's, he's going to build a staff of people that do all that shit. Do you think he's like, he's got Lombardi as the gm, which I didn't even really, I guess that's a new thing with NIL but he's going to build a staff and he's like, he knows what he wants to do and he's going to build a staff. He's got his son, he's gonna build a staff who do most of the shit he doesn't wanna do and he's gonna focus on winning.


Do you Think he's gonna ban TikTok? No. Yeah. Probably can't do that. I, I, I agree with you that I think, I don't think he's gonna playoff in one year, but I think if he sticks it out, like I, I think I said this on Wednesday, but there is a compelling case for Bill Belichick shows up to your living room and says, Hey, I can get you in the NFL. It's kinda like the cal, like I can get you in the NFLI know what it takes to get you in the NFL. I know what it like takes to play NFL football if you want. Like, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna sit here and pretend that you need an education and like UNC is like some, you know, all this. I I'm just gonna get you the NFL Go back to what works at UNC, the Butch Jones era. Like I would be, I wouldn't be shocked if Bill Belichick gets a program running that's like, maybe they don't win, get to the playoff.


Maybe they don't win like a ton, a ton of games. But they're like getting guys in the draft every year and The transfer portal. Like he's always been good at getting the most out of guys that you wouldn't expect. True. He's gonna be able to, you know, watch film and watch other teams and players and stuff and get them in the transfer portal and all of a sudden they're gonna be good. Can You evaluate a quarterback? I think That there will be some people in the portal that would take less money to play for Bill Belichick. Yeah, Sure. Can he evaluate a quarterback? Yes. Sure. Yeah. With the new rules. Matt Jones. So there's Cam Newton. Cam Newton was good. Ken Newton got hurt. He was good his first year and then he had a little bit of, he got injured.


Well How come he didn't start Tom Brady initially? Why didn't he draft Tom Brady in the first round? He had a sixth round. Great on Tom Brady. I actually agree with you. So I don't know. I'm just trolling you. I think he's gonna be good. And it's also just gonna be hilarious watching him be like pissed off at, at like 18-year-old kids on the sideline. Yeah. Like it makes the a CCC significantly more fun with Bill Belichick. Also, if you're a college ref and Bill Belichick screaming at you from this call, you think you're I fucked that up. Yeah. He's gonna hate Dabo so much. I I saw t tweeted it's like the, like Bill Belichick's face when he sees Dabo running down the hill. Yeah. Oh he's gonna, he's The anti Davo. Yeah. I also think there's, part of this was just the colors, because I've said it before, like if you're thinking about going to a school and you see the Carolina blue Do it, is that gonna mellow him out?


The nice calming shade of blue, good Weather. Yeah, I think he's been chilled. I mean I think like you've seen, you've seen the good side and, and the, the chill side of Bill Belichick this year. I think he's gonna, to some extent, the only thing That shocks me is gonna be like that. I did think he wanted that Shula record, but maybe he also was like Andy Reed is hot on his tails and Andy Reed's going to like, if you go, if Bill Belichick goes takes over another NFL team, there's no guarantee they're gonna win 12 games a year. Andy Reed's almost guaranteed 12 games a win a year. Andy's Ki I think he's a control freak. Yeah. It also would be crazy like Andy's a family man. Well and it Also would be like his legacy's already cemented as one of, if not the best coach of all time.


If he does successful in college, that's like insane. He's like, oh I did it. I just did it for fun. His girlfriend gonna enroll at grad school Maybe. I think She probably already is. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. Okay. Cardinals. I like the Cardinals. I don't disagree. I think they need this game. I also think they're gonna be able to run the ball and that's like the big thing. The Cardinals can run the ball, everything else works. Yeah, I agree. I think, I think the Cardinals by a, a decent margin in this game. If Kyler can stop turning the ball over. 'cause he's had, he had two last week. Yeah. And then one or two interceptions each in the previous two games. Yeah. He needs to stop turning the ball over. Kyle. Stop turning the ball over.


Okay. Colts at Broncos. Broncos minus four over under 44. This is a crazy swing game in the playoff picture. So the Colts, if they win this game, will have a 66% chance of making the Playoffs with a loss. They'll have an 11% chance and the Broncos with a win will have an 89% chance of making the playoffs in a 42% chance with the loss. So holy shit. It means a lot. Yeah. I mean I'm kind of rooting for the Colts in this just to keep more chaos in the, in the playoffs because We don't, this is the first time in a while I feel like where we're kind of almost set other than this and you know, I guess the Rams and Commanders, but it's not, there's not like a ton that's still up for grabs in the, in terms of we have at least in both division or both conferences, five or six teams that are almost guaranteed set.


And if, if you're rooting for the Bengals to still be in the conversation at all, then you're definitely rooting for the Colts this weekend. Yeah. Yeah. No, no Hungry dog. Hank Hungry Horse. Yep. Colts no Riley Moss for the Broncos. That's, that's significant. Shane Steichen off of bi. Both teams are off a bye, right? Yeah. Both teams are off a bye. I kinda like that ink. I, I don't know if they can win out. Right. But Anthony Richardson, he's kind of showing me something. Col col Dickens's not that great recently. Yeah Bo Nicks might go off. He is Bo Nicks, he's got so much dog, he makes people uncomfortable. Yeah. I want, I want the Colts to win this weekend but I feel like it's the Bron.


The Broncos have been playing much better football. Yeah. Okay. The the other one that's significant in the afternoon, but not one of the Marques ones Bucks at Chargers. Chargers minus two and a half over under 45 and a half. I need Lab McConkey to play. That's really all I got. Yeah. People are pissed off charges. Fans are pissed off because Lad was left off of ESPN's list of top 10 rookies. Oh that is actually very, I would be pissed off. Yeah. So they're mad about that and I think they're mad fairly not just because he should be on there, but when they listed what the like stats for each rookie were. Yeah. They had the wrong number of receptions and yards for him. I think they shortchanged by like 150, 200 yards.


Oh shit. Yeah. So there were charges. Fans are pissed off. They have every right to be pissed off the Bucks. This is a big game for them. Huge. So if they lose huge Game for the Chargers back To percentages. If the bucks lose their playoff, chances are down to 59%. If they win they're up to 87%. Hmm. And no Antoine Winfield, which is big also. Do you guys know that Justin Herbert's only thrown 1 1 1 interception this Year? Yeah. Was it 14 touchdowns? Week two One pick. So he is gone. 11 straight games with no interceptions. Week two. And I think is is that the record or he has like one more to go? I think he has one or one more to go. So If he throws no Picks against the Bucks.


Yeah. Then he has the record for most consecutive games. Started with like a minimum of 15 attempts I think. Yeah. Also the Bucks are gonna wanna blitz and Justin Herbert's the best quarterback of the NFL this year against the Blitz. So what do, what do you got Max? Go talk us through the top 10 list here. Lam McConkey just missed is is the category that they have Here. Yeah, I don't agree with that. And I think they updated those receiving yards for 'em because they, they used to be wrong. Yeah, those were lower. It was like 600 something. Wait, lab McConkey just missed and they did a top 10 with 11. 'cause they have a Tide for 10th. Yep. Brian Thomas and Cooper Jean top 10. Okay.


I mean those guys are both Marvin Harris. I don't think Marvin's. Yeah. Marvin Harrison shouldn't be on there. Joe Alt. Yep. That makes sense. Zach Frazier. Malik Neighbors. Yeah. Quin Mitchell. Bo Nicks, Nicks number four. Jared first. Wait, hold on. Daniel. Daniel number Two. Brock Bowers one. Brian Thomas isn't there? He Was tied for 10. Oh he is tied for 10, but he was the first 10. I missed it. That's crazy. Yeah, he's been Good. Rookie class. Good rookie class. He should be in there instead of Marvin Harrison. Yeah. Marvin Harrison. 45 receptions. Brian Thomas also has been very consistent. Like Caleb Williams also just missed.


Just missed. Okay. I got no issues with that except for lad. Lad should be on there. I don't know if Brock should be number one. He's broken records in his position. He's great. He's great. But quite literally what's the most important position in the NFL? Tied. Okay. Oh yeah. Bucks Chargers. I kinda like the Chargers. I kinda like the Bucks. Mm Mm Kinda like the Bucks quite. I, I don't know. What are they gonna do with Bucky Irving? Is he gonna play or are they going to dangle Bucky around for us again? They're gonna Screw Us. We're gonna have to file a lawsuit. They might screw Us. They might. Okay.


Max Steelers at Eagles. Eagles minus five and a half over under is 43. Will Jalen Hurts play better? He said that he will. Oh. Oh, How'd he say that? He said that I do well when I'm, when criticized or something like that. So He is saying that, wait, so AJ Brown's criticizing him Wrong. He said that when the media and the fans are criticizing AJ Brown did say BG was just being bg talking about Brandon Graham, which means everything Brandon Graham said was correct. Yes. Jordan Milot had the best response to it. He was just joking around saying he was like, I'm happy that, I'm happy to be talking about it now. 'cause the more we can talk about it now, the more we can eliminate and just focus on the Steelers.


Doesn't There sound like a joke? That's a good spin zone. No, what a Joke was joke. He was joking about it at first. He, well they start off, he was like, you guys think I did the, you guys think I spread the rumor? You guys think I spread the rumor? And then he was joking and then he was like started It's classic. Then he went down to it's Classic Jordan Otta. Are you nervous? Max? So the, the steel I, I like the Steelers in this game. Just 'cause Mike Tomlin is an underdog. The st the e Steelers have not won in Philadelphia since 1965. Been a long, long time. And, but Mike Tomlin is an underdog. We've said it a million times, 65% against the spread. He's five and oh this year straight up and against the spread. So every time he's been an underdog this year they've won straight up and more than anything.


This is, I max, I'm wondering what your thoughts are on this. This feels like it could be a recipe for disaster where you have an entire week of everyone being like, the passing game's broken Jalen hurts doesn't look good. So now he's like, I'm gonna play better. I'm gonna throw it more versus a really good Steeler's defense. I don't think that that's necessarily gonna be the case. You Think they're gonna try to, They're still gonna run the ball. Okay. It's a very good defense though. Yeah. Correct. And we have a very good defense and their own, their best weapon is out. So that's Where are they gonna score? Well, they got other receivers. Mike Williams, who's Yeah.


You played good last weekend. Okay. It sounds like you're overlooking the Steelers. I'm not overlooking the Steelers, but the way it seems like you're under looking the Eagles. No, I don't think we are at All. I mean, you just went for 10 Steelers stand favored. We're under looking. The The Eagles are favored. Correct. So how can we under look them? We're under looking the sealers or the the Eagles. Yeah. We're under looking them. We just said that Pittsburgh hasn't won in, in Philly since 1965. They've lost 10 straight. I know, but you were saying that as like, I don't know. Are you, how are you feeling on this game? I feel good. You Feel good? I feel good. You Feel strong? Yeah. You feel confident?


Yeah. I should, I feel confident every week. Jerry Said he wasn't gonna bring his gun. Jerry doesn't feel confident. Jerry said he was not gonna bring his gun to the game. Like It. I know that was nice of him. Yeah. You can tell Jerry when He I'm scared of I'm, I'm, I'm scared of Jerry. Yeah. What do you mean you're scared of Jerry? He's, You should be, If you, if you have to clarify that you're not gonna bring your gun. Yeah. No, but he's saying, he said, I'm not gonna bring my gun. Correct. So that's, that should make you not scared of Jerry. Wow. How clear could it be that he's not bringing his gun? Jerry, you know what? I'm not gonna bring a gun either. There You go. Facts. When, when Jerry doesn't say that before game back, that's when you should be terrified.


Yeah, you should. When he says he is not gonna bring his gun, it's like, damn. All right. Great. Like, it's not even the point. Like he Told me that in the con in the context of if I bring my gun, I may shoot me. So I'm not gonna bring my Gun. You can tell Jerry's nervous though, because he, he is doing the thing where he walks around. He's just telling everybody, I don't think George Pickens is gonna play at all for the rest of The Yeah, he's like out. He's, according to Jerry George Pickens has retired from the NFL. Yeah. Because his hamstring hurts. Max, can I, can I overlook you? Can I stop under looking you for a second with a stat? Yeah. Overlook 'em. And I love these stats. The Rushing yards leaders. Saquon Barkley isn't first. Right? We know that 1,623 second place Derrick Henry with 1,407 yards.


You know who third place in the NFL is Saquon Barkley in the second half. Saquon Barkley before contact. Wow. With 1175. Wow. So your offense, your offensive line has done a very, very, very good job for, for your boy Quan as you call him. Yeah. I mean, good offensive line. Good running back. Good run game That From Jacob Nira, by the way. That's his stat. Steelers have a very good defensive line. Yeah. Jalen Hertz is take sacks on his own slides. Are you worried about TJ get, are you worried about TJ Watt hitting Jalen hurts very hard. Lane Johnson.


What about Alex Highsmith? Jordan Otta. What About Nick? Ick? I don't know. I don't know what you want me to say. Just ran outta guys. You just No, I Said God forgot. Yeah, but I just, I also don't know where that guy plays, so I don't know. Are you worried about getting Rusty? That I'm worried about? Yeah. It's gonna be an awesome game. I'm so excited for it. Should, Should we talk about the Stegel at all? Sure. So the stegel, the team that was put together during World War ii, a combination effort. They're on jaw between the Steelers. What did You just say? Whi me. Say, Ah, your mic was On Wood. Mem say I keep Accidentally ordering hot chocolates. Oh, how many, many, many hot chocolates you got?


Oh no. How do you accidentally order a hot chocolate? Yeah. That sounds like something you've ordered before you order hot chocolate as an adult. No. Yeah, I did take a couple sips of this hot chocolate. It's, it's fire. But You, but you, you, you don't accidentally order hot chocolate if you haven't ordered a hot, like you've just been reordering. What? You always order hot chocolate. No. How do you accidentally order a hot chocolate? It said hot and then I large and then I press, I pressed a word Hot and large. You just missed the middle word, the actual thing. But he made a mistake once and then he did it again. Wait. On the same day In the same episode of this podcast.


And I had pug get it twice. Where are you ordering these from? No free ads. Okay. But you've placed the same wrong order twice in a row in the last 30 minutes. Correct? It's a place down the street. Correct. Stop looking at the sun. Memes. Alright. What Stegel? Yeah, the Stegel. There were a team that was put together 1943, I believe during World War II when a lot of players had to be shipped overseas to go fight the NFL tried to carry on and they, they combined the Eagles and the Steelers into one team. Yeah. Called the Stegel. And they finished five, four and one, which is the Eagle's first winning season officially. Hmm. Is how it's been written down in the record books.


And I looked at some of their players that they had. Their leading receiver had 17 receptions named Tony Bova. And he was blind in one eye. Oh, I love it. Because in order to get outta serving in World War ii, you usually had to have like a disability To become a stegel. You had to be the few of the proud. Their center was deaf and their kicker and punter. Troy Smith had a fake leg. Oh, I would love to go back and find footage of this. I wanna see the Ste action. This team won five games. That's awesome. With a deaf receiver and a kicker with one leg. They also did a draft in 1940, I think it was in 1944. They drafted together and they, they selected a guy named Max K Basa.


Mm. Fucking great name. Max K Basa. Great Name. That's literally Just Max at lunch. Yeah. Or that's translates to Nick Foles. Yeah. I don't think I've ever had a KBA though. Yeah, you have. Yeah. You definitely, you definitely have. Don't lie. Don't. I don't even lie. Is it a brat? Is that also a Brat? You don't lie. You've had a lot of kba. I, I don't know what to tell you. Remember I, we made shirts back that was actually a really cool shirt. It made no sense. We were just the, the bears and the eagles were both bad at the same time. And we made Philadelphia beagles shirts. Yeah. Which would've been, that's a sick name. It is a sick Name. It's a Philadelphia beagles. It was a cool shirt. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that dog. It's chill.


That's A chill ass dog. It's just a chill guy. Philadelphia Beagles. Those are fucking cool ass beagles. Do They still sell Stegel merchandise? I don't know. I want beagles merchandise. Stegel merchandise. Yeah. I'm sure like Canton probably has something. Oh yeah. Do you think there's anyone wearing a stegel? Yeah. Are there any stegel still alive today? No. Probably not. I mean, there might be but it would be. There's only what? There's only 40 stegel. Well, yeah. And it would also, And they all have to get like to, they'd be a hundred plus right now And it would have to be somebody that probably had a disability And it also had to be someone who played professional football in the forties.


Yeah. Which is also creates dis disabilities. Probably not. Yeah. Probably not. Probably lost all of our stegel. But I do wanna see highlights if there's any highlights out there of Stegel games. They need to make a movie about this. Yeah. Stegel. Okay. So Max, you think they'll cover the five and a half? I don't care about covering anything. Okay. Alright. I like the, I like the Steelers plus five and a half. Okay. Wait, why is that funny? It's Just funny. I don't care about covering anything. I know. I just wanna win the game. I don't Yeah. Okay. The big one, the big kahuna bills at Lions. Lions minus two and a half over under 54 and a half. Thoughts. This is getting an awesome game.


This, my thought on this game is if fucking rocks, rocks that we're getting this game in week 15 rocks. So you got two teams, double digit wins playing each other in week 15. The last time that happened was all the way back in 1985. Mm. So it fucking rocks. Rocks. This is a historically fucking rocks matchup. Yeah. I, I'm contemplating a game of the year in this game. Contemplating On the over. No, This is a very fun over It is. It'd be on the Buffalo Bills. Okay. I love this game for the bills. Okay. Last week I had the Rams.


I kind of saw that coming where it's like, hey, they just clinched the AFC East. They went all the way west. I think Josh is just playing out of his mind. I think this is the week that the, the lions all their defensive injuries. I know they might be getting a couple guys back, but this is an elite, elite offense. And Aaron Glenn, I know this from experience because they'll, Justin Fields used to play well against Lions. Aaron Glenn's defenses don't do well against running quarterbacks. He refuses to do a spy. The only thing that's holding me back is I think that the lions are gonna be able to run the ball. And like, if I get into a situation where the lines are just grinding them out and then Josh Allen's scoring quick touchdown, then they're grinding them out. That feels scary.


I'll know on Sunday, if I have the balls to do it, I'd love it to get to three. I don't think it will. What's the over under on this game? 54 and a half Over. Yeah. Yeah. Over The funnest, over possible. You, I should just do that as the game of the year. I mean, the game of the year is personal. You're gonna do a game of the year. I might not this weekend, Hank. It's called responsible gambling. But yes. Would, there is a, people are like, oh, you're gonna do a game of the year 12 hours after Travis Hunter wins the Heisman possibly. Oh, that's right. That makes I need to recalibrate my thinking about this weekend. Correct. Because my bank account, That's all I've been thinking about is I'm gonna have Game of the Year. Like fucking Arsenal basically. Someone's just walking over and just, and just loading my gun with bullets and I'm just firing everywhere.


I'm fast as I can. I'm, I'm Ukraine right now. What I, this I I'm still nervous about. Genti. Don't No, don't worry about it. Don't worry about about it. Stop saying which done is done. Which done is done. The Votes are in which done Is done. Yeah. But it doesn't matter. We still don't know. Alright, here's something, here's something that, that will help you. Ready. Travis Hunter won the AP college football Player of the Year. And every player who's won that has won the, hes been since Christopher McCaffrey. And that award goes out to the best football player of the year, I would imagine. Yeah. Although Genti did win the Maxwell. That's fine. Okay. I'm a Little nervous here.


Maxwell, there's So many people on Twitter that keeps saying that, That Genti When I hear Maxwell, I think second place. Yeah. True. That's, that's my, that's my name. I mean, listen, I, oh, I, if, if That's a coincidence I have to go to, I have to go to a, a Christmas party on Saturday night and I'm gonna have to ask for them to put on the Heisman Trophy ceremony while I stand, like antisocial, just staring at a TV with probably no sound on it. This is, I'm, I'll just go home. I'll just leave if this happens. I think me and Blake might get dressed up in suits Yeah. And sit down on the couch like we're the family and watch this game.


But yeah. No, you reminded me. I I'm Ukraine right now. I have no bullets left. And then there's a, there's a shipment coming over Saturday. Yeah. Saturday Joe Biden's on's about to come on. Give us a little package and Then Sunday you better fucking watch out. NFL That's why I'm saying Game of the year might have, might be on, but I, this feels scary because it's like this, the lions are so good. I'm not saying that. No Game of the year. It's gonna be a nuclear missile whale play. Okay, let's just do that. Bill's nuclear, missile whale play is what I'm gonna do. And we'll save a game of the year for maybe the playoffs. Possible. Super Bowl preview. Possible Super Bowl preview. This would be my dream Super Bowl matchup in terms of fans. Yes. In New Orleans. Holy shit. Would it rock just like partying with lions and Bills fans all week Also would be heartbreaking for whoever lost that game.


Yes. But also maybe the most merchandise ever sold the day after the Super Bowl. Yes. Regardless of fan base. For We, I I threw out this trivia question the other day, last time. If it was Bill's Lyons, when was the last time there was a chance for a first time Super Bowl winner? Double chance for first time Super Bowl winner, The Indians and the Cubs. No. Super Bowl. And also No. Oh yeah. It's like a hundred years. Yeah. Yeah. Double chance. First Time. First time. Super Bowl winner. So you walk, go the Super Bowl guarantees a first time Super Bowl winner.


Patriots Rams. No close Bucks. Ravens Rams. Titans. Yes. Patriots. Rams. Rams had won the year before. Oh yeah. Yeah. Rams. Titans. This would be fun. Very, I mean, it doesn't happen very often. I hope it Does. It doesn't happen very often where you get a chance for a you guaranteed chance for a new Super Bowl winner. Yeah. I Or so the other parts about the bills. Keon Coleman and Kincaid I think will be back. That might be, that might push me over the, over the ledge of saying, I'm gonna have to take it. Josh Allen's also good against the blitz.


Aaron Glenn's gonna wanna blitz. He's gonna want to, you know, like I said, running quarterbacks not the best. And I just think the Lions, I mean the defense of the lions is good, but it's also been very banged up. And this is the Bill's offense is one of the top what, three, like the most elite offenses. So, I mean, the Lions obviously have one as well. I'm just excited for this game. Yeah, me too. I'm so pumped up for this game. Me too. I should not, I should not make a game of the year because I'm, I wanna wa I could not bet on this game. This game is gonna be so awesome. That's Not true. I could not, No, you couldn't. Just Like Jerry could not bring his gun. I Bet you, I bet you a thousand dollars that you'll bet on this game. I'm not gonna take that bet.


I thought that there was a chance that you could not bet on this game. Yeah, I'm not gonna take that bet. Okay. So I'm Gonna That's a great bet that I just saw Nuclear missile whale play. It's offered you a thousand dollars to not lose money. Well, no. 'cause the minute I say yes, you're gonna be like, well you just bet on this game. I would've said that. Yeah. I'm You're not Max. I'm not Hank I'm not Max. I'm not means Max would've fallen For that. Come on in a second. In a second. I would've walked right into that. Okay. Last game. Seahawks Cardinals. Did you guys see that? The Sea, the Seahawks are plus two and a half. Over under is 45 and a half. We Seahawks or sorry, Packers. Yeah, Packers at Seahawks. Seahawks plus two and a half over under 45 and a half. Did you see the Seahawks are calling their defense the death zone.


Okay. How you like that? In what way? Are they at the death zone? Is that like on a mountain? You just die when you go up against 'em once you get up a certain altitude. Yeah. They, they have been really good. Seems to buy. I like Legion of Spoon better. Legion of Spoon. Oh no. Death zone. What? Death zone. Yeah. You gotta earn death zone. Legion of Spoon. Yeah. No way. In terms of intimidation. Death Zone. You gotta earn death zone though. Death zone. Death zone. Rocks. If you're an elite defense, that is like dominating people. They have been in since the by. They've been well since the, the by top Top five and d Well that this is a name that's come about since the by. So we entered the death zone after the Buy. They have just started being the death zone. Okay.


So yeah, I like it. Also a reminder of the NFC North, which this goes against what I just said about the bills, but the NFC north is 28 and three outside of the division. Yep. Or sorry, the, the Packers. Vikings and Lions or 28 and three outside of the division. Those three teams. Those Three teams. Not the NFC North, not the Bears. It's not the whole division, Not the Bears. Definitely not the Bears. Yeah. I like, I like the Seahawks though. Yeah. This is one of those games. I'm sure we all have 'em, but if you have a certain matchup, you just think of like the iconic, like they had the Fail Mary and then obviously the NFC championship game. And it's fun when you have these matchups where you think you can immediately be like, oh yeah, I've seen this.


And it was fucking crazy. You just might Yeah. This might just be a, a wild ending to a game. Right. Right. You just have wild innings in your head when you see that matchup. This is gonna be a great afternoon of Football Boys. I can't wait for it. Max is stressed. I Can't wait. I wish one of those games was in the afternoon. I do too. They could have given us. Well no, they couldn't have given us Bucks Chargers. They couldn't, they could've given us lions. It would've been nice. I would've taken Lions Eagle Steelers too. I would've taken Eagle Steelers. That would've actually been the perfect Sunday. Yeah. If Eagle Steelers and you swap out like the, the Jets and the Jags, put them in the afternoon. Just forget about it. Set it and forget it.


Okay.


TD Parlay. Do it on DraftKings. Every day is game day at DraftKings Sportsbook. And now through the end of the year, it's extra special. All customers would get a special daily promo every single day from profit boosts, odd boosts, no sweat bets and more. There's something for everyone. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Use code. Take that's code. Take and take advantage of special daily promotions only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER (800) 327-5050 Or visit gambling helpline ma.org in Massachusetts in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY 4 6 7 3 6 9. Please gamble responsibly in Connecticut. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland 21 and over in present in most states, 18 and over in Washington, dc, Kentucky, New Hampshire or Wyoming offer Void in Ontario. Void. Were prohibited. Eligibility restrictions apply terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. One plus promotion per day promotion, sport eligibility and requirements vary. Ends 12 31 24 sponsored by DraftKings.


So I'm gonna sit out. You guys pick conviction Ahman Ross St. Brown. Hmm? Like it, AJ Brown. Oh, okay. This is crazy. Rashad White. Yeah. Wow. Brown. Brown, white Brown. Brown White. Brown, white Brown Oreo kind of. Yeah. I like it. All right. What The, they're not Twinkies. They're Hohos. Hohos. Hohos Hos. Hohos. The Hoho. This is the Hoho Brown. Brown Brown. White brown. Alright, so it's Aman Raw. Aman Raw.


Rashad White, and then AJ Brown. All right. Good luck, boys. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna bet it I'm riding. Let's go. Sorry again to everyone last week. Okay. Let's do our Picks. Our Picks we're so bad. I think we're, are we all under 500? Collectively by a lot. Yikes. Yikes. Yikes. Who's up first? That'd be me. I, I feel like you went first, last week. Hank went first. Mm. I feel like it was you. You Sure? Yes. I feel like that was you. Memes. What about the graphic that you put out? Besmirching. My NBA cup Reputation. My apologies. I don't make the graphic.


You don't make a lot of graphics, huh? Buddy? I make memes. My name is memes Because every time there's a graphic you're like, I don't make that one. Yeah, I I mean putting Owen three up there when it was not oh three is a dirty move. No, that was McCarthy's Fault. He's a scumbag. Yep. Everyone knows that. My Apologies. I'll take the Jets minus three. Okay. I am going to take Colt's. Broncos under 44. Ooh. Okay. Interesting. I am going to take the Arizona Cardinals minus six mm Love that. Number six. I'm gonna take the Buffalo bills plus two and a half.


I'm going to take the over in that game. 54 and a half like it. And I'm going to take the Yeah. Box plus two and a half Box plus two and a half. Okay. You know what? Give me the over 46 and a half. Patriots. Cardinals Give me what's I I didn't look at the weather. Mm. Bad Mistake. Do you mistake need? Do you need I got, I need the Cleveland weather forecast.


Don't have it. Thought I had ya. If you had asked me Seattle, I would've said rain. Can I, can I ask Max to bring up the weather forecast? Yes. Sunday Rain Sunday should have said rain. No, that's, yeah, that's rain. May be rain. That's grapple. That's could be rain. Okay, I'm gonna stay away. Glad I looked at the weather forecast. I'm gonna take the over in the Kami Saints 44. Nice. Dome. Dome. I will take the Bengals minus five against the Titans. Okay. Memes. I will do Texans, dolphins over 46 and a half. Okay. And a reminder, lemme see this, the, the standings again, we, we, we gotta remember for standings, we gotta start going back to the point system because that makes it a lot easier to follow.


Memes has 14 points. Hank has 13 and a half points. I have 13 points. PFT has 12 points. Max has 11 and a half points. So it's anyone's game. Anyone's game. Yep. It's anyone's game. We are all within. Yeah. We're all within two and a half points. Whoa. That's crazy. We're all so, so bad together, which I appreciate. Yeah. It would be really a bummer if one of us was just like insanely good right now. Or one of us was insanely, insanely bad. We all just are like bad. We're Very bad. Yeah, we're very bad. But we're not insanely bad. Right. We're all, we're all Well, no memes is bad. Hank is bad.


I'm really like, not really bad. I'm, I'm really bad. Pft is really bad. Max, you're really bad. Getting close to insanely bad. I'm half, I'm, I'm just telling you what the records are saying. Yeah. Look, I don't get Me wrong. Wait, I'm a half by Looking at it. Half a point behind bfd. Yeah, But he's 12 and 17. You're 11, 17 And one. But you and how are you and PFD the same when you guys are a full point away from each other And we different. 'cause 13 and 12 look very similar. 11. 11 looks as a different, but it's 11 and a half. But 13, 13 and 12 look very similar number wise. 11 is totally an outlier, But you're forgetting about the half.


Yeah. I get that. But Max, you, you just have to accept where you are right now. By the time next week comes around, I might be insanely bad. Like if I go oh and two, 12 and 19, I would say that's insanely bad. Yeah. I'm insanely bad territory. I think like that's, that's pretty much I'm losing almost twice as much as I'm winning. Yeah. 13 and 18. I'd be insanely bad. I also feel horrible about my Picks this weekend. Yeah. What were they again? Yeah. One was bad Bengals minus five. Yeah. It's a bad pick. What Was the other one? Colts. Broncos under 44. Yeah. That's a bad pick. I mean, do you No, I actually like the Bengals pick. No, I hate the be It's a bad pick. I like that Pick. Good pick. It's a bad Pick. Anyone could be in last, other than memes. Anyone could be in last place at the start of next Week.


And also for the AWS sake, Me and Hank could be bad. Memes is the one that everyone should be rooting against or, or rooting for. Why do you, I don't think they want you at your bachelor party. Why? I've never You're a fun guy. Yeah. You're a fun guy. Yeah. Imagine going to the bachelor party and having them just like bust your balls the entire time. Me And Hank would also be boring. No. Oh No, no. That's Wrong. But, but we're both in bachelor party age. I'm saying for the listener, that's Why you'd be great. You'd be great. Maxie. But it would, But the funniest outcome would be Either I understand the funniest, but I also would not like I have, I could, I could, if I went on, you would find a way to go for like six hours if I went on a bachelor party.


I have, I I'm like, I got, I got four innings of like, like low nineties fastball. You Would do a Chicago bachelor park? Yeah, I I'd to a cub game. We'd go to a Cubs game. I'd get drunk, I'd go home. Yep. I now, I'd have to travel. I'd have to travel. I would be a lot of fun For one night. Yeah. One night. And then after that night's over, I'm, I'd just be miserable. We Have very, I'll just be talking about different aspects of my hangover for the next seven hours. Yeah. We have very few details. We have like, we have, we haven't put out any ground rules to this. Yeah. Hank might just not come back. Hank might have such a great time on your bachelor party that he just goes wherever you go.


He's just hoping it's a golf trip. Yeah. Max, you'd be fun on the party. Yeah. We also need to figure out who's film filming, whatever. That's a later thing. Yeah, that's Whatever. Forget It. Alright, let's, let's do Fantasy Fuccbois. Before we get to an awesome interview of Nick Foles In Studio


Fantasy Fuccbois, brought to you by Body Armor. This segment's brought to you by Body Armor. Real hydration, real ingredients, packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing Artificial body armor sports drink has great tasting flavors like strawberry banana. And blue Raspberry. Not only do we hydrate with body armor, but some, some of the best athletes in the world do as well. Like Christian McCaffrey, Joe Burrow and Sabrina Escu. Get yours today. Walmart or local grocery store near you.


Yo. Yo. Yo. Yoyo. What up? Yo? My name's Mario Mangione. Hey, Mario. Mario. Hey To me. I, Mario. My stardom is Greeks. Yeah. Yeah. Oh wait, that was my sdo. Fuck it. Greeks, Greek Freak Giannis bucks are playing good. Greeks are back. Fucking love Greeks. Alpha males Gyros. Yeah. My sit YouTube tv. Ah, yeah. They're jacking up the price. They banged Us. I just made the switch to YouTube TV this week, and they fucking yacked up the price. $9 a month. Some Bullshit. Absolute Bullshit. It is bullshit. When they started, it was $40 Court cutters.


They, they should have just kept stuck with cable. It's a shit show now. You gotta have every fucking app. You gotta pay outta your fucking ass. I Would pay, I would pay a lot of money to have just one app and My, oh Wait. X The everything app. Love it. It's all happening on x. My sleeper. It's talk tour. She did a spaces, she was getting called out. She said, I'm going to sleep. Ah, haven't heard from her since. So she's sleeping. She's having a good time. I, I thought that was a respectful way to get out of a very awkward conversation. Just being like, I'm tired. I'm tired. Who hasn't been tired? I'll see you guys tomorrow. Respect hasn't woken up yet. It was like a Cartoon voice Too. Yeah. Respect. Respect. You know, she makes some money. Respect. Hey, respect way. You make respect, you make the money.


Yeah. Hey, this is Luigi, man. Gioni. Oh, Luigi. Which just heard from my brother Mario. I'm starting to McRib. Oh, it's back. Fuck yes. If loving the McRib is a crime, then lock me up and throw away the key. I just want to get a McRib. That's why I go to McDonald's all time. Love that. It's great. I'm sitting, I'm sitting in a jail cell right now. And then my sleeper this weekend. It's, fuck, fuck. Winter. Jack Frost is my sleeper. The sleep weekend. Yeah. Fuck. Winter. I woke up this morning, my balls was up in my stomach. Had no balls. No balls. No balls at all. No Ball. Like a castrated ball. Wasn't that bad. No balls. It was bad. And then Tougher had A friend, Luigi.


Mario, You're tougher. I had a friend, I had a friend last year. He said, Chicago winner. Not that bad. Kind of a pussy. That was Mario. That Mario Today wasn't that bad. Mario's staying with it. He's sticking with it. This, this winter's bad. Get a fucking coat, Dude. You talk, you talk shit to the wrong guy. I ain't scared. You're not made. You thought you was made. I was born in, I was born in the winter. Yeah. I am winning. No, you, you were born in June. No, you're born June, bro. Bro, you're born in June. You fucking June. June. Still Australian Winter. That ain't winner. What's up? Fuckers. It's Wario. Hey, what's up Wario? My, my stardom this week is our, our Pal, I can't remember her name.


Is it Olivia or something? The girl who took a thousand thousand dicks. Yeah. She's a A hundred Dicks. She's The world's gumma. That was something You watched a documentary about Her? No, The documentary. Fuck. No. It was sad. Fuck no. It was very, very sad. I ain't watching that. It was Sad. Mycin is lasagna. I think it's overrated. I like a little pasta. Just lasagna. Too much. Too much going on. I never Liked lasagna. That's a bad take. I don't Like ko with Nah, You don't like lasagna? I hate Lasagna. Doesn't matter with my, my sleeper this week is Josh Allen touchdown machine. Josh Allen. Rock it off. Wow. Yo, I'm not gonna win. Is that Mario? I think so.


What does Waro say? I'm not gonna win. It's a me war. The the documentary thing about that girl. It's Just, she was like, they interviewed the dudes. The dudes were like, yeah, you can, you can, Oh, talk to me about it. You, you watched it. I saw clips. You Watched it? No, I saw clips, but I think He watched It guys. I did not watch it. And I don't think it was, I don't think that there was porn in it. If you did watch it. No, I, I think the, like, the sadness of it, It's very, the clips I saw Source and the porn, The clips I saw, she was like crying afterwards. Oh, bad choice. Yeah. And somehow my algorithm is just, it's like Luigi memes and the woman who took a thousand Cocks.


Well, she took a, I think she took a hundred. A hundred. And she wants to take a thousand. Oh Man. Yeah. I just, I wanna know more about the, the order that the guys got put in when they went there. If you just showed up and you were put in a waiting room, or if there was a lottery ball. Like the NBA draft. Yeah. If you're a virgin, you get to go first. I don't know. I don't know how it works. Yeah, It's crazy. Crazy. Okay. Should we get to our interview? Maybe That's what Lamar Jackson was talking about. Oh yeah. That is what he was Talking about. Because that's what I thought when I saw it. Like the internet was a bad idea. Yeah. Do you guys really, you I lasagna just like, in terms of pastas, It's great. I'm not a lasagna fan, Neither. Lasagna. It Depends on the lasagna.


If they're, it's it easy, it easy to fuck up lasagna. It just Bad lasagna. It too bad. Much on. But if You have the lasagna, it's like, Yeah. Fuego. It might, yeah. It might be like a good lasagna. Might be my favorite Italian dish. No, nah. You, you just haven't, you're telling yourself you're never eaten Good lasagna. No, I've had good lasagna. I just don't, it's just too much. I just like a little, you gotta gotta get good. I gotta, you gotta good lasagna. Make Some, make some Las You've offended the booth. Make Me some lasagna. Okay. Let's get to our interview with Nick Foles. Yeah. You got a couple ads? Yeah.


Before we get to Nick Foles, he's brought to you by our great friends over at Coors. The mountains are blue Coors Light. You should be drinking Coors. I'm gonna drink a lot of beer this winter. That's a promise. Get through this cold Chicago winter by drinking some ice cold. Coors Light. Stay nice and toasty inside with refreshing beer. Nothing beats a cold Coors Light. It's the only beer that's mountain chilled. And they've got the blue bottles, the blue mountains on the bottles. Blue Mountains on the cans so you know when your beer is cold. I actually, I put my beer outside last night as a science experiment. The Bluest Mountain I've ever seen in my entire life. It was, it was gorgeous. But this season you've got overcrowded stores, flight delays, awkward family dynamics, dinner mishaps. The holidays are far from perfect, but that doesn't mean that we have to lose our chill, forgotten ingredients don't have to ruin dinner. Takeout and Coors Light are always crowd pleasers. It's cold lager cold filtered cold package. For a smoother finish, choose chill. This holiday season. Reach for Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Nick Foes is also brought to you by Chevy. There's a reason why we've never done the Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because Hank would lose that too. But the real reason why we've never done it is because for, Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck. It's the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Well, Silverado's, a partner, a partner that you can depend on. We've all spent time driving using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take. Jobs, adventures, shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. They helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year at Grit Week and this year, Chev Chevy Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week as we went surfing, driving around Southern California, it was all done in the Chevy Silverado. They bring the grit too. Legendary grit. Paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the Chevy series of trucks. We love the Silverado HD Trail Boss. That thing looks awesome. Head over to chevy.com. Build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover strength, a world of strength and capability. All behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


And now here's Nick Fo. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. He is Superbowl champion. Legend forever in Philadelphia. Super Bowl. MVP, super Bowl, MVP. Played a, played a bunch of different places. Nick Foles qb one in studio. First of all, welcome. Thank you so much for joining us. Thank you for coming here. Have you had, have you been harassed by any of our Philly fans yet? Because they're lingering. Like the buzz of Nick Foles in the office was, we, we said it I think a couple days ago, and all the Philly fans were like, oh my God, I gotta wear my best Kelly Green shirt.


Like Nike shoes and, and all that stuff. They dressed up for you? They did. And I wouldn't say harassed. I'd say it's, it is love. Okay. And you know, it's just, you know, there's that Philly love. There's something we were talking about last night when you, you've been a part of Philadelphia, you're from Philadelphia. There's just something special about it. And you know, I know you being a Bears fan Yeah. You're, you're longing for that. Yes. It's been since the mid eighties. Yes. So, you know, we've had it more recently and we're, Eagles are doing pretty good right now. So there, there's a lot of love to go around. It Was, I mean, he walked in today and Paige was showing the inside of her shoes to Him. Yeah. Hey, Like, look at this type of green. I got. Hey, you know what? Inside the shoes, it's like the streets of Philly, of South Philly, the heart of Philly.


I mean, Nike did those shoes, right? Yeah. Yeah. You gotta show 'em. Yeah. I, if there's one city to be a legend in, I I feel like Philadelphia would be a pretty good one. Yeah. I mean, it's a, it's a, it's a awesome city. I mean, if any of y'all have ever been to a game in the link, I mean, it is a amazing place to be the home team. Yeah. If you're the away team, it sucks. But there's also a lot of places in the NFL. It's that way. Right. You know, there's a lot of home field advantages. But Philly's amazing. You know, going back there, I'm not one to want all the limelight. So going back there and walking around and I love seeing everyone, but I'm not built for that. Like, I, I'm more of a laid back, like even keel. Like, I don't mind going to the grocery store, not getting recognized and stuff. So. Yeah. But it's a lot of love in Philly. I mean, you have a statue, right?


Yeah. There, there is one of You a statue outside the stadium. It's a good statue. It's a Great statue. Yeah. There's some bad statues recently. It, it looks like me. Yeah. It actually looks like me. There's been some statues the last several years that just aren't great. So whoever, you know, created the statues. It's fantastic. Yeah, Yeah. An iconic moment that will, that will stand the test of time. That's gotta be cool to think about. It's like Philadelphia will always remember this one moment and you're, you're a hero forever in their eyes. And yeah, Philly fans, they can be a little bit over the top sometimes, but they also have your back. Were they ever down on you as a quarterback where you felt like the wrath of the Philly fans? I mean, I would say down never the wrath, but yeah. I mean, I think part of being a Philadelphia athlete or a quarterback is they're gonna be down at you at times.


'cause you're not perfect. You're gonna, you're gonna throw intersection, you're gonna have some bad games. You might even have a length of bad games and it's gonna be tough. You're gonna get booed. I mean, I've even had a great game thrown like three in completions. You're gonna get a couple boos. Right. But I think you just have to start owning that and realize, like, that is the city and they, they have your back. They love you, but you also have to buy into that. And you have to understand their perspective. Like blue car, hardworking city, like, you know, their grandparents, their, their moms, their dads took 'em to games. Now they're taking their kids to games. It's a generational like place. So there's a lot of heart, lot of heartbreak. And that's where like the Super Bowl year was so special. Special because we finally were able to break that heartbreak. Yeah. And now there's a Super Bowl there. They want more. But that's just part of, you gotta understand that.


Do, do you think that maybe you screwed up by that one season that you had, I forget how many interceptions there were Just like a few, just two interceptions, right? Over the course of one year, 27 and 2 27 Touchdowns, two interceptions. Was that a mistake on your part to do that? 'cause you set the expectation. So if you throw perfect football, you throw like nine interceptions the next year. They're like, this guy sucks. You know what, it was amazing having that year and I was having so much fun playing in chip system. It was like playing basketball. You're just, you know, letting it rip, playing a point guard. And then, you know, it was different. You know, the next year, halfway through the season I got injured, but I think I thrown like 10 interceptions. Everyone thought like the, everything was falling apart. But like, I was still, like, we were still playing. Well we were six and two. But I think you do set expectations so high that you can't keep meeting that.


'cause there's always changes in the off season. The offense starts evolving, coaches leave, players leave. So, but yeah, I think I definitely set expectations really high in 13. Yeah. Yeah. And, and also I would assume, like is playing quarterback, you know, like there's a element of luck to have that specific like 27 and two, you know, like, okay, a couple of them might've been dropped. That won't go my way next year. Oh, For sure. Yeah. I mean, I had one, you know, we're going back in time, but I think it was after the seven touchdown game we were in Green Bay and I threw like a post route down the middle to, to DJ Jack. And I think it went through like two corner in a safety's hands and then just popped up and DJ Jack caught it and just walked in backwards. And I'm just like, alright, you just feeling it. You gotta take the luck and the juice and the, that favor when it comes.


Yeah. But we had a lot of it that year and you know, we were fortunate to, you know, unfortunately we didn't win the playoff game, but we still had a good year. Yeah. So, so your Super Bowl season, Carson Wentz gets hurt in that Rams game. You come in and you're like, what, what's going through your mind when you come in? Because you, you're a really good team. And that's a, it's a, it's a weird spot to be in, in the fact that you've been rolling as a team and you know that this team has big time aspirations. And now everyone's gonna look at you and be like, all right dude, don't fuck this up. Was there, did you feel that pressure? Were you like, this team is so good? I, I'm, I feel like almost supported by everyone. I mean, Carson, as we all know, was having an MVP caliber year that year.


Right. And then when he got hurt on the play, he actually stayed in, threw a touchdown the next play. And I knew something was wrong. 'cause I had been around him enough. I knew how, I know how tough he is. So I knew something was wrong when he came off and they took him up. I knew it was gonna be probably bad. Just from being around him and knowing his toughness. And I, you know, your body like knows when something like that. Like I'm about to step in. So all of a sudden the adrenaline changes. The nerves start coming, your stomach starts getting the, what we say butterflies. And I think the key in that is I just took a moment, took a deep breath, you know, just set a prayer and just was like, you know what? I'm not gonna be out there alone. I'm with 10 other guys in the huddle and I have a great team around me. I, I need to do my job. I still have to execute at a high level. Right. I can't just go out there and just sit there and hope someone else is gonna make a play.


I'm a quarterback. I have to make a play. But I also know there's like an acclimation period. So there was grace and understanding. But that was from my, you know, previous part of my career in playing football my whole life. Like I think you have expectations to go out there and if you don't meet 'em then all of a sudden it gets in your head. I knew I would need to acclimate. So I gave myself grace and eventually it hit at the right time. But yeah, I mean the nerves start hitting. I'm human man the next day. I mean I'm in a QB room, just Nate sub felt and I watching film And we know what's happening. We get the news about Carson and I say we were watching film, we had the film on, we did not watch film that day 'cause we were both going through emotions. 'cause we're a, we're going to the playoffs, we have a great team. And then we realized it's on our shoulders. So we just talked about that and hashed it out as humans do.


'cause it's a lot of pressure. But having that brother like Nate there during that time, you know, we developed such a brotherly bond that will last for life. Yeah. But I'm so grateful I had him. But that was the realness after the situation. It was like, we're not in there like watching film. We're like dealing with the emotions. Right. What is about to happen, right? So you get to the Super Bowl that year and you're going up against the Patriots. What did you, what were your feelings? What was the mentality that you had going into that game? Because the Patriots obviously dynasty one of the greatest football teams of all time, right. In the, the thick of their groove that they had. What was the mentality going into that game to prepare yourself to, to compete and eventually beat them? Yeah, I think the biggest thing leading up to that, I mean you get a bi week before the Super Bowl. So you have that time at home to go through a normal prep week. So the biggest thing was preparation and then eliminating distraction.


So a lot of going into the Super Bowl, there's a lot of hoop law and then, you know, you got a lot of tickets and you're trying to get family there. So my wife was the instrumental part of like taking control of all that so I didn't have to deal with it. So I could just focus on ball wasn't on my phone a lot. Wasn't like, you know, I might have talked to my dad once. I was just so locked in. 'cause we have so much respect for the Patriots. One of the greatest dynasties, if not the greatest dynasties in NFL sports history. We know what we're going against. So just the preparation, the hard work, you know, testing things at practice, being super aggressive at p at practice to test my limitations. And you know, going into the game, I felt like we had a great preparation in those two weeks and you know, we shredded all our papers And we hit all our stuff. And in the walkthrough we had 13 to 15 guys.


So if they did have cameras in the stadium, you know, yeah. We were set. So like when we do our walkthrough in the stadium And we did our Super Bowl picture, like we literally had 13 guys in the huddle And we just said, do whatever you want. And we're like hiding simple place. Oh, that'ss Awesome. Oh, you had like decoy guys running your Routes? We did. You know what? I think it's just, you know, that's crazy. Understood that you want to take precautions. Like even like when we got sheets of paper at the hotel, they're like, you done with that? And I'm like, well yeah, we got a new one, they'll give it to me and they shred it right there. Wow. Took it's 'cause You talked to pages are like going through your trash maybe. Hey, you know what? Any, you know, teams want the advantage. I mean, we see it in sports all the time. Every team's trying to find the advantage to get the upper hand. So, but going into the game, so much respect for the Patriots, but I, you know, Doug Peterson and you know, even like when I played for Andy Reid, the biggest thing we, they talk about is faceless opponents.


Like don't like think about like who they are, their history or what's on their helmet. Just like they're objects out there. So just treat 'em as objects and play 'em and do your job and just execute the play. So I just kept it simple. Alright. So I need an honest answer here. Was there any part of you when you got, you know, in the huddle, you're getting in the game, you're getting in the flow of the game, you're like, man, it would probably be a lot harder if Malcolm Butler was out there. You know what, I didn't even think about that. I I wasn't faceless opponents. Yeah. I was, I I didn't even like, even like, you know, Gilmore out there, like I yeah. Was one of the greatest dbs of all time. Like, I didn't even think about it really because I had so much trust in my guys that I didn't really care who was on 'em.


And I know afterwards that was the topic and everything. Yeah. And you know, Malcolm Butler, ama a great player, physical player, you know, they were talking about how he'd, you know, be up in the grill holding on the guys, getting him off the line. But I still take Al Sean any day of the week or any of my guys and I have so much respect for Malcolm. Like that's not me sticking a slide. That's just my mindset with them. And my, my, my teammates know that. Like, I would tell them like, I don't care if there's two guys on you make a play. Right. And worst case scenario, knock the dang ball down but make a play. And I think when you tell your teammates that and they know that that gives them a little bit extra juice when they're going out there about, hey, he's gonna throw me the ball even if I'm covered. So I better just be ready and I better be aggressive. Yeah. And Al Sean was one of those guys who could make, you know the play whenever he was covered, he would go up and get it and be physical.


What the, the Philly Special play. When that happens, we walk us through it because I mean, it's still a really cool thing to watch. Even the micd up where it's like the, the moment where you guys kind of, I, I dunno if it was you or Doug who first said, Hey, should we do this? Yeah. Was it You? Yeah, I ran over there. Yeah. We had a play call beforehand And we call it timeout. So I ran over to Doug and it just, you know, sometimes you have this instinct like, Hey, this play could work. You go run over to your coach almost like you're in high school or middle school and you're like, Hey, you know, you want Philly, Philly And the headset goes quiet. You know, Doug's gotta make a decision. Like he can say no. But I, you know, Doug was the quarterback coach. My, my quarterback coach, my rookie year, he, he worked me out at Westlake High School. So there's a lot of history between me and Doug and a lot of trust. So I think in that situation he knew that my instincts were, you know, he trusted it.


I mean, if I'm gonna go over there and ask for Phil Philly where I'm running a route, right. And Trey's throwing the ball and Corey's pitching it to him and we're doing the lane lane stuff, like he's probably thinking like, if Nick's feeling confident about this right now, this is the one time we probably should run it. So I'm just grateful he, he allowed us to do it. And then, you know, going into the huddle, the biggest thing was just not to smile. 'cause I was excited to run it because I didn't think we'd be like talking about it here and I'd be signing Philly Special autographs all the time For the rest of your life. Yeah. It, it was a play that has a great name that just worked. Yeah. You just needed six points on fourth and one going in the halftime. Like I, to me that's what that play was. It was not like, Hey, I'm gonna run this play and I'm gonna sign autographs for it afterwards. Like, no, no, no, this play will, they're not gonna expect me to go on a route.


Yeah. They're gonna be in man coverage. They're not gonna account for me and it's gonna work. We just have to, you know, get the lane lane stuff. Corey's gotta get the snap. There's a lot of moving parts in it. Right. But that was the best we ever ran it. And Trey threw an absolute dime. Was there any part of you when the ball is in the air where you're like, don't fuck this up because that is, it was so, you were so wide open. Yeah. And it was right there that it's like that actually can happen where guys will Oh no doubt will like, they'll stare at it for so long, they'll drop it. You know, previous in the game, this is no slight of him. 'cause you know, Tom's the greatest. Yeah. But Tom, they had ran a similar one. It was different, but you know, a quarterback going out and pass and you know, it was right where I was standing on the sidelines. So like I saw it go through his fingertips and drop it.


And in my mind that might even put it like more at the forefront of my mind watching him do it. Like, alright, we're gonna get this called, but I'm gonna make sure I look this thing in and I don't care if I look like an idiot. I'm gonna look it in like, I'm like in elementary school. Right. And catch the ball. Yeah. Because I just need to catch it. I don't wanna drop it or act cool. Not that Tom was, I think Tom just had taken a rib shot or something. So yeah, he was feeling it. But no, I, I felt confident. I mean, I, you know, basketball player growing up, I, you know, they, the reason they had me go out on routes because before every game I go out there catching one handed passes and throwing it all around like I'm a kid so I can get that like kid feel warm up the body so I can catch the, the ball one hand and all that. I was not gonna do it on that play though.


I was gonna look that thing in and you see me, I make the triangle and everything. Yeah. You, it was like picture perfect. Yeah. And yeah, you, you look like a 12-year-old or like trying to figure out how to, you know, catch a pass. So now when I coach you sports, I say even, you know, when you're in the Super Bowl, I'm making the triangle. I'm, I'm peeping my hands together. I'm not, you know, trying to do all this stuff. So I have a teaching photo and a teaching tape of me going out on route. Yeah. So when you guys practiced it that week, you said that was the best that you'd run. It was during the game. Yeah. Were you confident in the play like you had, how many times did you practice it beforehand? You know, we had it in before we played the Vikings in the divisional realm. We put it in the bi week and you know, any great trick play, you know, Doug Peterson in Reno say needs marination. There's always like food terms with those guys.


Yeah. They love food. So marination, you gotta let it set marinate till it's ready. You know that, that does sound like Andy Reed, right? Yeah. But that's where it comes from. So, you know, we had it in And we probably ran at full speed, maybe like twice the whole month and then walked through a few times. So it was, I don't even know if I asked Doug right now if he really thought he was gonna call it that game. We had talked about it, but he might have just been making me feel better. I mean, I just talked to Jason Kelsey about it a couple weeks ago and he said when I called in the huddle, he is like, we're calling this play. So I, I didn't know he felt that way, but you're not now we can all look back and, you know, be really happy about it. But that was the best we had ever ran it and you know, the best trade through it and everything.


The Craziest part about that play, if you watch it back is too that it, Tory Smith was wide open as well. Yeah. He was not, I was the only option. Yeah, I know you were the only option, but it was like such a well written, drawn up play. Like he was running over the middle wide open. Yeah. Yeah. He's just suppo al Sean's supposed to, you know, create confusion. Tori's supposed to create confusion and then they're supposed to drop me. Yeah. And it worked like that. So You, you mentioned Tom Brady and how he was not able to catch the ball earlier, but do you know that to this day, like he has a hard time saying your name? You're what? You're like his kryptonite. He, he just won't even acknowledge you. You know, I, and honestly I think that's a, you know, a huge sign of, so I respect Tom so much and I feel like that is his way of giving me respect.


You know, I, I've actually had a time to FaceTime him and he actually shared that, you know, there's just a lot of respect and he, you know, he's such a competitor. There's a reason he is the grace of all time because he, he has those emotions and you know, he's not focusing on all his Super Bowl wins. He's focusing on where he could have been better. And that's why he's so great and that's why, you know, I know even in broadcasting he is, you know, working to continue to grow. I mean, everything he does, he's always working. That's like in his DNA so I take it as a sign of respect for him. And you know, that's saying a lot to have that from Tom. Yeah. There's a, there was a famous clip in, in the Patriots documentary, the Dynasty documentary. Did you see that? Where I, I didn't watch it but I heard some things. Okay. So, so they had, they had the NFL films Yeah.


Version of the Philly Special and they put that in and he edited out Foles, like the word fos has actually been removed from that. Yeah. As they broadcast. I think that's a pretty healthy mentality to have to be like, you know what, Tom Brady wouldn't do this about somebody that he isn't Yeah. That he doesn't respect because you beat him. No, for sure. And I, I, I, but I think you have to like realize that I think at first like, oh man, but then you realize like, you know what, that is a sign of respect. So you just, it's perspective. Yeah. So all admiration for Tom and that's cool. You know, we, like I said, we've FaceTimed since then and I, I know for a fact it's just a, you know, he has a lot of respect for me and that means a lot. He Probably thinks about you all the time. Yeah. I mean I, I hope, I hope not. I don't think about it All.


So Hopefully, hopefully think about better things than me. Yeah. She mentioned something there when you were talking about like the, you know, you played basketball and you, that's how you'd warm up. You a lot of guys obviously in the NFL are like, yeah, this, I had another sport that I was really good at. You got recruited by Georgetown, you got offered by Georgetown recruited. I would say, you know, I could have played potentially D one. I, I mean those guys are so dynamic though. I was a good basketball player. No, I mean you, it sounds like you were a great basketball player if those, if Georgetown, Baylor and Texas were all looking at you. Yeah. They were all looking, you know, potentially would've had a chance to play at Baylor. But you know, ended up at Michigan State my first year. But, you know, basketball and football, you know, if you, there's just, there's such a different feeling when you step on the court.


You know, basketball, I mean football when you're playing quarterback, like you're, you're trying to think about execution, you know, making sure, you know, you're always thinking about like, alright, protections, you gotta be protected first. All these different things. Basketball, you're just like, I'm gonna let it rip you make a mistake on the basketball court. You can fix it on the defensive end if Right. You know, all that, that and that's Possession is right. Football is very Different. Yeah. Different. You know, football is very different. So there's a different emotion. My brother-in-law, you know, both of 'em played basketball in college. One, you know, was a two sport. Evan was a two sport athlete at Stanford playing in the NFL for five years, you know, as a tight end. And we talk about it all the time. Like, you know, going to the football game, you're just thinking about execution, doing your job basketball. You're just like going out there and just letting it rip. So Yeah. What was your game like? What was your, You know, I was all over the place.


I was a big, you know, three point shooter but obviously being, you know, six five and I was probably in high school, you know, 2 35. I take it down low, big, you know, aggressive with rebounding. A little bit of everything. Yeah. But, you know, definitely, you know, shot some threes. When Could you, when could you first palm a a basketball? 'cause your hands are huge. Yeah, I palmed it in middle school. First dunk. First time I dunked it was eighth grade. Wow. Jesus. So That's pretty cool. Cool. That's pretty awesome. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. So when you went to Michigan State, I know that IZO likes to get basketball players sometimes to compete against the football team. Yeah. To like toughen 'em up and to learn how to rebound. Did you ever get that call? I never got that call when I went to the University of Arizona though in the off season, you know, we did a lot of pickup ball. We had a lot of great basketball players on our football team.


So we would scrimmage the basketball team at the rec center. So we had a lot of good battles with the basketball team and that was fun. 'cause those guys, I mean basketball players and I just went to an NBA game not long ago. And those guys are just so talented. Like the, those the guys on the court are just so athletic, big fast. Like the way they can play, the way they can shoot. I mean I think I saw like 10 straight baskets made. Yeah. And then you go watch college, college players are amazing as well. But it's definitely different than the NBA little more Chaos. Yeah. It's always the shot making. The NBA always just drive, like it's, it always shocks me because like, they just do not miss open shots. They don't no matter what. No. It like, it just doesn't happen In college. You see it all the time. Yeah. NBA they just drain it. Yeah. Every single time.


Alright, so I have to ask you, and I don't know how much insight you can gimme, but you, you obviously you played for the beer bears for two years. You also were kind of on a team that's kind of like, this year's bears in the fact that it's young quarterback and they're transitioning coaches and you were there for the last year. Nagi how, shoot me straight. How much of a cluster fuck is it at h House Hall just from an organizational standpoint, You know what they're sort of in this cycle that it is just not a healthy cycle. Yeah. And and and what I, why I say that is, you know, you look back to their last three draft Picks at quarterback and you know, you got Mitch, you got Justin, you got Caleb, right?


So their coaching staff at the end of their, like their prove it year, they draft a quarterback in the first round. So they get that rookie quarterback for one year. They throw 'em out there with, they've been struggling, they're on their last leg. They have to win that year to stay there. And if not, they're gone. So they bet on everything. So then they get, the rookie quarterback gets one year with the coaching staff and then they're, it's they've just been fired. Yeah. 'cause it it, and then that rookie quarterback who, mind you, all three of those guys are outstanding players. You know, Caleb's a great player, Justin, Mitch, all outstanding players. Then they have to get a whole new regime with a whole new offense after taking a beating and going through that psychological battle as a rookie, where you come from college, you're the man, you're a first round pick.


You have all this confidence. I'm not saying you lose it all, but it takes a, you know, it takes a hit and then you have a whole new staff and then you, you have to deal with that again. So it's not a great cycle. You'd rather, you know, as ownership and everything if you know that like don't let 'em draft a quarterback, even, you know, at, at the end of their leg. You want a new staff come in, choose a quarter. Now fortunately they've inherited three great quarterbacks. Yeah. It just hasn't worked out. So my hope for them is 'cause you know, playing for Chicago for two years and just seeing how much the Bears fans love the Bears and how much they want to succeed. You know, they had the great year in 2018 that, you know, I was with the Eagles and put Yeah, we'll bring I I brought that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That was the only great year for a long time. Yeah. Yeah. But They just, you know, they're not far away.


There's, you know, I was in the locker room there Feels far away. It feels far Away. It Feels so far away. It's just, you, you literally were in you 'cause you were last year Mitch, first year Justin, right? Yes. Yeah. So you ha you've seen it, you've, I've seen I know it, You, you know it as intimate as, as a kid, you watched it happen where it's like, and then not only first year Justin, but last year, nay. Yeah. And they, and you know, when I was there, like the locker room was so good. Like the, we had good talent, we had great leadership, we had great guys. We had a locker room that could win because I had seen winning locker rooms. Yeah. And I, I, I was like, we have a winning locker room. They're just missing some pieces outside it. And what I've seen, you know, through my career is when I started my career, I always thought it's the locker room. It's the locker room.


And that is a huge part. But what helps create the locker room is top down, you know. Yeah. You know, when I was in Philadelphia, you know, just with Mr. Lurie, just how he approached ownership, you know, in Kansas City, you know, the Hunt family, you know, I always say about Mr. Lurie is like, he was at a lot of practices and before every game he's in there and he goes around and shakes everyone's hand and then, you know, he wants to win just as bad as anyone. I'm not saying that's different like in Chicago, but I just, you know, they're gonna make those plays. You know, Howie Roseman super aggressive Right. With getting guys. So I don't know. I mean, I love the locker room when I was here. I love my teammates When I was here, it was unfortunate we didn't have success. I mean, coach N's had great success since he's gone back to kc.


I mean, now what does he have two rings? Yeah. I mean, Patrick Holmes, I mean Pat, pat definitely helps, but you know, they have a Yeah, I'm gonna give those to Patrick from Holmes. Andy Riggs, I'm not gonna let you do that, but yeah, no, I, I, so, so what is a locker room? Like a win? When you say a winning locker room? Because I, I agree. Like obviously yeah, we don't, we don't know the, the intimacy of an NFL locker room, but it does feel like culture matters a lot and yeah, talent is important, but like guys who feel like they want to like die for each other can go a long way. Yeah. And, and how does that, like, is, is there a certain amount of leaders? Is there a certain amount of, or or is it, like you said, top down? The owner, the, the gm, the coach, they all have to be aligned.


You know, you definitely want to alignment up there. I think you gotta have a strong head coach. You gotta have a strong personality that when they take the job, you know, you're, you see a lot of coaches that take a lot of input from outside sources. Yeah. Or like maybe the ownership. Like, and then it changes the way that they view how they'd run a team. I always go to the example of Andy Reed. I think Andy Reed's the greatest. I love Coach Reed. Andy Reed has a way he knows he is gonna coach and you're not gonna change. He's unlist to input. But Big Red's gonna make the best decision. Like you might think like you have said something that's really gonna impact and change the way he thought. He knows what's best for the pulse of his team and he's gonna take you that direction he's gonna lead. Whereas sometimes we listen to outside sources and then we'd like, you know what, because so and so said this, I need to do it.


Maybe ownership said, Hey, you need to do this. And then you do it. Coach Reed, they trust Coach Reed, rightfully so. Right. To make those decisions and do those things. So in my opinion, you know, ownership's gotta be strong, but you have to have a head coach that can take the reins and you, he just goes, right. And he makes all those decisions. But when he is in front of the team, like you have a lot of guys and a lot of different personalities and a lot of different backgrounds, which I think is so awesome about like football because you come together as one and you go on the field as one and you, there's, you know, all these different backgrounds. But you need someone at the, you know, lead of it, the head coach that's like gonna, you know, do all that. Like, you know, coach Tomlin, like how much success has he had in Pittsburgh with all these different things. You know, he has a way he leads that is his way.


Yeah. It's no one else's. He's not gonna beat anyone else. So if I'm getting a head coach, I'm gonna be like, Hey, I want to coach with a personality that's gonna move a room. Now the locker room, you gotta have talent, you gotta have guys and you gotta put egos to this side to be great. 'cause if egos come in, it can be, you know, toxifying to a locker room. But what helps that is a head coach that sees that and stops it before it gets started. So I don't know. Andy Reid was always a great, you know, example for me in doing that. Yeah. And He also had big dom. I help, I think big Dom helps the locker room too. You know, big Dom, you know, he has a great pulse on the locker room and the guys Yeah, he does. And you know, he's one of my, you know, just being in Philadelphia, just going and sitting with big Dom and his, you know, his office is one 10th this side, it is literally just like a little story.


Yeah. And he loves it. He loves it. You know, he has a great 'cause He, they're not gonna let things fly. They're, you know, if something's going on, they're gonna, you know, nip it in the butt. They're gonna knock it out. Yeah. They're not gonna let it fester. They're gonna find a way to get through it. And that's why they have success in Philadelphia. That's why they, the teams that have success, when things become toxified into locker room, they stop it before it gets started. Whereas, you know, teams that ultimately fall apart, it's the coach feels uncomfortable to like step in because of the, you know, mag. Maybe it's like a high paid player or something like that. And it's scary, but like, we're all human beings. We're all players. We want to succeed at this level. Sometimes we just need a coach to come in and intervene and like, you know, separate and then let's talk this thing out. Yeah. Usually when you talk it out and you put everything on the table, we usually get through it.


I mean, that's just part of it. Do you think big Dom had AJ Brown and Jalen Hertz have a sit down? You know what, I have no information on that. I do know if Phil, would That surprise you if Big Dom was like, Hey boys, we gotta have a sit down. It, it would not surprise me. I love that. If, if Big Dom came over like he would know, like, that would not surprise me. Yeah. But I have no idea if that happens. If it happened. Yeah. That's fair. For Your answer. I, I do have another big dom question. Just walk me through like what's big Dom's day to day? What does He do? You know what, when I was, there's very different, the guy, you know, big Dom's a celebrity now. I mean, he's going to like, you know, take pictures and sign a ask me. He's, he's big sexy. So, you know, his day to day, I mean, he is there in the morning, goes to his office. I mean, I could not tell you everything that man does.


That man is a secret whipping for the Philadelphia Eagles. Yeah, he is. He's been that way for a long time. But yeah, it's funny just seeing him, you know, being around him and that's my guy. And just seeing him in his track suits and yeah, He's the best. He used to be the best kept secret. And, and me and Big Cat were upset that we didn't know about Big Dom until just a couple years. We were mad at Max on the, the 49 ERs game when Big Dom was introduced to America. We're like, you've been keeping this from us. Yeah. Why isn't big Dom here with me right now? I he should Be. He he sent us some footballs. I think he autographed some footballs. Yeah. He called, he, he text me, he calls me my, he says, you're my Peans to us. So he's, we're I think we're big Dom approved And then at the Super Bowl and he was, I, I forget what he said. Like, I was like kid rock on mushrooms or something like that. It was the highest compliment I've ever He almost arrested you.


I, yeah, at some point he is got, he is gotta write a book. He, he needs a book. We'll get back to Nick in a second. But


let's face it guys. After a night with drinks, I don't really bounce back the next day like I used to. I have to make a choice. I can either have a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-Cool Z Biotics Got 'em right here. Fun fact, I've been using Z Biotics for years. I was using them before they came on to Pardon My Take as a sponsor. It actually works. I take one of these before a night out and I feel much, much better the next day. Biotics pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut is this byproduct not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember, take pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you will feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I noticed a difference The next day, last Friday night, went out to a concert, had Z biotics before I had my first drink of the night. Saturday morning. Woke up feeling wonderful. The stuff works. If you come over from my house, I make sure to pass out a round of pre-cool Z biotics to everybody before you start drinking. And the stuff actually works. I spend money on it. I'm on a delivery system from Z Biotics with a holiday season upon us. I'm gonna be consuming a bit more alcohol than usual with pre-cool I can stay on track and not let the season throw me off course. Go to biotics.com/pmt. You can learn more. Get 15% off your first order when you use Code PT at checkout z Biotics is backed with a hundred percent money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied, it'll refund your money. No questions asked. Remember head to z biotics.com/pmt and use code PMT at checkout for 15% off. They're good people. It's a good product. I endorse it. I personally use it. Check 'em out now. Z Biotics now more Nick Foles.


So Max is a huge Eagles fan, big Philly sports guy. I'm sure he has some questions for you. He, he said many, many questions. Oh, we gotta put the headphones on. They're right next to you. Oh, I got it. Yeah. There you go. Look at that. I said few for the record. Okay, few. So how many is a few? I think I have three, three questions. I didn't write any of them down, but you Also screwed up Nick giving him like a short cord on The It's all right. I'm making it work. That's Hank. That's Hank, yeah. Hank Also, by the way, couldn't listen. He didn't have his headphones on the entire time back here. He couldn't listen, couldn't listen to a single word that he was saying. Hank's Hanks. He's like Tom Brady fan. He literally left. Yeah. Yeah, he walked out. This is an ultimate sign He walked out for, he walked out for a meeting. I'll give him credit for that.


But as soon as He was, how he got, yeah, Right. He was talking about the Super Bowl. He said he couldn't, he couldn't listen. He couldn't Listen. All right, go ahead Max. First of all, I want to thank you for everything you've done for the city of Philadelphia and for the people of Philadelphia. You're the best and I love you. This is, this is, this is very similar to what Luca Braze and the Godfather like, you know, practicing his speech. Like, hey, I just wanted to thank you for your, on your daughter's wedding day. Yep. He's got, He's got his notes right in front of him. So he is good. Of course he, He's good. I got nothing. You can see, you Did see what I'm looking at. Yeah. First question. Philly, Philly call. Had you ever gone to Peterson before and like recommended another call? Or was that a one and done situation?


You know, I've definitely had times in my life where I've gone over to coaches and recommended plays. You know, before the Philly, Philly call with Doug, I'm sure we talked about things on the sideline. The next big moment play call that I ran over to Doug for was actually against the Bears in the playoff game. I was like, Hey, let's do Q eight to Golden Tate and let's just run it. 'cause we had two plays called and they were doing like a zero zero hole coverage, which basically means it looks like they're bringing everyone, but they can also drop out. And so that was the next time. But that was the next year. So there's only a few times that I've run over there. 'cause usually, you know, Doug's a great play caller. So I mean, most of the time when he'd call plays I'd, I'd approve and I, I, I knew what he was thinking.


That was the biggest thing with quarterbacks that if you ever quarterbacks listening to this, the biggest thing you can do is you know, know your, your play caller and why they're calling a play. You know, that's the, what's the intentionality of the play. So I knew that with Doug. So I really never had to do that. Other than that. Were you confident that he was gonna say yes to that? I mean, that is crazy call. You know what, I think me mispronouncing the name of the play, the Philly Special and asking for Philly. Philly, I don't know if it was all the commercials on TV or what it was that were going Philly. Philly maybe rattled his brain to where he just said yes. But no, I, you know, we had talked about it, we were more thinking second half go up by two scores, you know, safer place to do it, not fourth and one in that situation.


But at the same time, like I said, you know, when a quarterback runs over there and you trust the quarterback, a lot of times the coach goes with it. Okay. That was great. That was it. That was, no, no, no. I got, he's soak in. He's just vis, he just, Just thought about that memory one more time. That was great. That I'll never forget where I was. Okay. I know it's been said before, I think in like different media outlets. What, where did the Hungry Dogs thing start and like what was the story of that came from there? Yeah, hung Hungry Dogs Run Faster was from, you know, and this is from my knowledge and you know, I'll get fact check, but from Jeff Stalin, the offensive line coach who is still at Philadelphia and you know, he is with Chip Kelly, Doug Peterson, and you know, now with Ani, he's just an amazing O-line coach.


Does a great job, has love the guys, love him. I mean, the line play consistently since 2013 has been fantastic. And that's one been because of the O linemen and the quality of alignment, but also because of Coach Stalin. So that's one of his sayings is, you know, hungry dogs run faster and that's the mentality he wanted from his O line. And then, you know, the underdog stuff came in because, you know, we were one of the top teams statistically going into the playoffs. But then when I took over, we then became the least feared, which they, we printed all over our facility. So even when you went to the restroom and you went number two, where you thought you could have peace from everything you looked to your right and it's just on the wall. So there was, there was a reminder, like, what it reminded me of was like, don't take anything for granted.


No one expects every anything from us, so put in the work. So Coach Stout, like that was forever. That wasn't just because that they were underdogs in every game. Like all year he was saying, hungry dogs run faster. That's, I feel, from what I know, that's always been one of his sayings in the O line. And then it just sort of transformed to the underdog mentality. And then, you know, underdog mentality with what, what is underdog? Well, hungry dogs run faster, but once again, now I got another host guest for y'all. Get, get coached out on the show. Yeah, he be, he'd be better than Me. Yeah. No, I think he just, they just came out with the NFL films about him last night. I didn't get to watch it. Yeah, he's fantastic. He's, I mean, he's Fantastic. Yeah. Eagles o line. Always the best. Yep. Alright, last question. I think we talked a little about, a little bit about the Philly media.


They like to emphasize drama. What was the quarterback room like when you were, when you were taking over? Yeah, I mean they're, they're always gonna emphasize drama. I mean, we had a really solid quarterback room in Philadelphia. I mean, with Carson, Nate and I, it was really solid. Obviously with Carson going down. I mean that, you know, the one thing I always do with my teammates is try to put myself in what they're going through, whether it's an injury or you know, what car that's difficult. So, you know, with Carson having such an amazing year and then getting injured like that down the stretch and then, you know, we keep going. That, that's tough, man. He handled that so well and it was, it was a really great quarterback room and we've all stayed in touch. I'm, you know, I was in Nate Felds wedding and you know, when Carson went to Kansas City, I, I texted him, it was like pump for him.


'cause I, I got to play for Kansas City in 16 with Andy and just said how much he's gonna love it. And, you know, I was like, Hey, go get some burn ins. You know, make sure you enjoy it while you're there. So really, you know, for the NFL stance, it's a great quarterback room. I love what Max did right there because he was like, you know, the Philly media, they always try to get drama. Can you please talk some shit about Carson once? That wasn't what I said. Yeah, it was, I was like, he was Doing, Hey, I was just acknowledging that that was so that was something that was being talked about at that time. Yeah. I also like how you say the word drama, like with a j Dr Was a lot of Dr. Drama. I mean, drama. That's what Philly Media likes to do. They're doing it right now. You're doing It now. You literally are doing it. Max, you're It, I want him to give the opportunity to say that the Philly media overemphasizes things, and that's what's going on with Jalen Hertz and AJ Brown right now.


Mm. They were saying that Nick and Carson were, that Carson was pissed off that he was there and I wanted to give him the chance to say that wasn't true or if it was true. So yeah, you got it from me that we had a great quarterback room and li the life emotions definitely go in, but we had a great quarterback room in the sense of like caring for one another and having like, you know, being there during an injury, deep being there during a difficult situation. And, you know, the Philadelphia media is nationally known for, you know, being, you know, putting stuff out there and being aggressive with it. I mean, that's what they do and that that's their job to do that. That's how they put food on the table for, you know, their family. And that's what they're asked to do. It is a, you know, when you go into the media and the thing with them is, I always had a great relationship with the media because I eventually just took the perspective.


I was like, listen, these are human beings. I know what they're doing. I know they have to ask these questions. They have, maybe they want to ask you or their boss is telling them like, you have to ask this. It's my job to not get offended or be upset about it. And if I can't answer a question, I just have to pivot it and give them something to write about. Like, they have to write something. So instead of just being upset and like, oh, why'd you ask that? Like, you know, I'd eventually be like, you know, I can't answer that, so nice try, but what I can give you is this. But it was more just having that. 'cause I mean, you don't want the media mad at you. Right? Like in Philly, I mean, if they're mad at you, they're gonna go at you. So I always wanna treat 'em as human beings and have that perspective. And in doing so, I felt like I had a really great relationship with them and I never really had an issue with it.


I actually had fun going into the media. I, I changed my perspective. I was like, when I go into this, I get my, you know, heads up like, Hey, here's some stuff that's going on. But I'm like, all right, let's see what they're gonna try to ask. As opposed to like, I hope they don't ask this 'cause I'm gonna get pissed off. I was like, let me see if they go this way. Yeah. And if they did, I just had fun with it. Yeah. Would you listen to Philly Media? No. Would you find yourself in the car tuned in? No, I actually don't listen to much Me. I don't literally listen to media. I listen to country music, some Christian raps and Christian music, and then my kids running around screaming. Yeah. That's about it. Yeah. For me There would be like a little bit of morbid curiosity where I, I would know that it wouldn't be healthy for me, but I'd find myself on the drive into the, the facility and I'd be like, let's just see what WIP is saying. Yeah.


I would, I would do like one minute of radio on, one minute off. Yeah. Just be like, all right, give me a little taste. You're Gonna do like a little interval set of The radio. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. That that's your mental, so, so the problem with that, okay, if you're a normal fan, I get it. But if you're a player or a coach, and I know the coaches, you know, there's coach out there actually do listen and they could say it's their prep work for the media and stuff. But my thing is this, it goes back to what I said at the beginning with like Coach Reid and stuff. Like, you have to have a clear cut direction of where you want to go without the outside sources coming in. So the second you bring in someone talking potentially bad or ill or dramatic about your team, no matter what you do, it's gonna be a part of your mind. Yeah. It's like you're, you're not tough enough to say, I'm not gonna let this affect me.


It might affect you 1%, but that 1% you're gonna need to be the best that you can be in the NFL. So that's why I think, you know, anytime you do that as a, you know, coach or a player, you're creating clutter in your brain that you don't want in there. It's Better to just ignore it completely. If you hear him say like, one thing nice about you, if you have a good game and you tune in real quick and they're like, oh, Nick fools, he's the best. This Guy's the best. You don't want that either. And then you don't want that either because when you have a bad game, they say something bad about you, then that's gonna absolutely crush you. Yeah. Because you already put, you gave them power in the first place Yeah. To, to like have your emotions affected by them. So you don't want it to swing the other way. What about the off season after the Super Bowl was there, did you think that like, Hey, I might just stick around in Philly for a little bit?


You know what, I knew that I was signed for two years, so I was signed to go there as you know, the backup Carson for two years. So I was under contract and I love Philadelphia. I wish, you know, it's one of those places you wish you could put your whole career. And that's why I retired there. But I, we restructured my deal. I, I wasn't gonna be like, Hey, I wanna be trade, I want to be released. Like, so we restructured it and added some bonus protection and all that if I played again. But, you know, after winning the Super Bowl, you know, that never crossed my mind. You're so busy too. We wrote a book, you're doing different tours and it just happens. You know, we, our daughter Lily was seven, eight months old when we won it. You're going on shows. So it then all of a sudden the off season hits and it was really nice going back to Philadelphia and you know, I took all the reps in the off season as Carson healed.


But you know, once he came back I was running Scout team and it was good for my heart though. You know, you go from winning the Super Bowl and being Super Bowl MVP and then all of a sudden you're running Scout team and it's just part of it. But it, it was a lot of, you know, I love the, I love the guys the locker room and I really love going to work there. But I knew after that season when Carson in 18, when we beat the Bears in the playoffs. Yeah. And I say that, but I'm also, I also a bear. Yeah, I knew that, that that game Broke Matt NA's brain Forever. I know. Yeah, I know. I remember running that same play in practice as a bear and, and I completed it. It broke his brain and I and I and they were just like, oh, we can't have you run that play. Like, I'm like, dang, there's some ill will to here. But yeah, I think, you know, I was excited to go back And we restructured it and I'm glad I had 18.


I'm glad, you know, I didn't have to go reset somewhere else after winning the Super Bowl and being there, you know, we love it. Yeah. Like I said, that's why I retired there is how much I love the Eagles. Was it, was that a humbling moment? Like you, your Super Bowl MVP and then boom scout team? You know what? It's definitely humbling. But you know, God had worked so much in my heart through the years and you know, when I almost stepped away from the game after my year in St. Louis that I realized when I came back to the game, I was like, you know, whatever I do, I want to glorify God throughout that. So I just looked at that as another, you know, opportunity to do so. And you know, he, God had done such a work that he took the, you know, maybe the football being an idol or my identity and was like, you know what, you know, your representation of me, you're not perfect.


I'm, I'm a, you know, I'm a human. I'm sinful. I I'm, I've fallen short, but like, I, I got to be an example in that situation. So you definitely have to fight the demons of like, man, like when I'd walk into the facility, like the first picture's like me catching the Philly Special on the Super Bowl 52 logo. But then I reminded like I get to be an example in the locker room with the young guys, the guys coming in, the guys that are here. You know, even I remember when we were going to London for the London game, you know, all the starters were in the first class 'cause they're playing. And then I'm in the back of the plane, you know, with a lot of the, you know, scout team and guys who are, you know, back up. 'cause I was backup and you know, we even had some starters come back there with me. He's like, well Nick's in the back of the plane, you know, I'm gonna be back there too. So it was one of those things where it was really cool and I just didn't want to let that ego, you know, take over my heart.


'cause if it does, it can become toxic to the team. Yeah. Max was just shaking his head like, don't fucking let Nick fo crazy in the back of the plane. Crazy. Yeah. He was upset about that. So when you look back, because it's, it's really interesting. Your career is fascinating 'cause you had the highs, the lows, like backup bunch of different teams. Do you look back and you're just like, well, at least you know, there was that, that year I proved that like what my peak was and like that was, I was able to find, I was able to show everyone, this is the guy that was inside me the whole time. And yeah, there was some time, you know, the Jaguars didn't go so well and you know, there's, there's times where you bounce around. You even said you, you thought about retiring, but do you, do you look back and the first thing you think of is like, yeah, see that I, I was able to pr prove to everyone I'm a Super Bowl, MVP You know, I look back on, on my career just 'cause it was such a, a wild journey, you know, from the beginning to the end.


And I look back with gratitude and the one thing is funny 'cause like you're, you know, growing up and growing in my faith and through different situations in life, I always like prayed for wisdom. So like, I feel like you want to be downloaded with wisdom. I just download it. Like we downloaded update on our iPhone or Android, whatever Y are. Yeah, Yeah. No, we're iPhone. Oh Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But we're not crazy. The green bubble sucks. Are you Android? I go back and forth on my iPhone right now, but I go back and forth. I go I, I like technology. That's crazy. Yeah. Hey, I like testing out. I always try to, you know, test different things out. Okay. But when I, when I look back at it, I, I, I gained a lot of wisdom through the ups and downs and, you know, even the, you know, when we got to the high, I had the heart to realize that, you know, this is really special.


Embrace it, enjoy it. And it's about the journey and the people alongside it. It's not about the trophy, it's about, you know, you remember the moments, the tough moments 'cause it was so hard to get there. And then why was I able to endure those moments with my teammates? Well it was because of the, the bad moments before that I thought were bad. That taught me something inside. When every time we'd step on the field, we'd get killed. Maybe when I was in St. Louis, when I was struggling, when I got benched, you know, where I almost left the game and came back to Kansas City. All those different moments come to fruition. And I realized how much wisdom I gained to where now I am retired and you know, raising three children and raising kids is not easy. Yeah. 'cause you're being intentional and all the different things go on. But it's also the most special thing in life. But I say that as it's also very hard.


So, you know, even coaching you sports, there's a lot of wisdom. And I'm grateful for that. So when I look back, I know what I was able to do. I showed moments of that. But I also think it was a great example of how gr how important a team is. Yeah. You know, it wasn't me, it was my teammates and our coaches and everything together. So whenever I had success, everyone always says like, why'd you have so much success in Philadelphia? Well, they have a great owner. They have, you know, Howie's done a great job as GM and they've done great with coaches in the locker room. They, they have a system that they hold too. And then also I think the fan base, the fan base really like makes, you know, it's like we said, like they're going to hold you accountable just as much if not more than any fan base. So like, you better lock in.


'cause you can't go out there complacent on Sunday or Monday or Thursday whenever you're playing. Like, you have to bring it every single day because those fans are gonna let you hear it. Yeah. So you, you remember that when you step on, it's not that way all the time. Sometimes the stadium's not even full. Right. So there's not that accountability. Wait, so when you almost walked away from the game that was in St. Louis. After St. Louis. I just, it was such a turmoil year. It was the year, the last year there in St. Louis going to LA and there was a lot of different moving parts that happened. And I had just been traded from Philadelphia and it was just, I, I just did not have fun playing the game. Lost heart for the game and really needed to take a, you know, deep breath. And I just feel like playing football, you know, when in the NFL it's a business, but at the same time, like you gotta play the game with a childlike heart and a love for the game.


Like that's gotta be a part of it. So I had lost that part of it and I didn't know if I was gonna get it back. And then, you know, went through this journey and, you know, it was all based on journey. Got it presented before me. You know, my wife was such a huge piece of that, you know. Yeah. I read that she wrote you a letter. She wrote me a letter that I keep in a bible at my house. And you know, I have several different study bibles and everything. And occasionally whenever I'm using that study bible, it'll be there and I'll reread it. And it was, it was her being an amazing wife and best friend and just one challenging me, but two, realizing like she was there no matter what I decided. But she also felt like I was going through something and I needed to face it head on and let not let that darkness overtake me. So this A was it a handwritten letter?


It was. She typed it up. I think she probably hand wrote it and then typed it up. Yeah. But it's, it's, and Then she just handed you, she's like, she's a great writer. She's like, here are my words. And then you sat down, you read a letter that's, that's very old school. But it sounds like it was powerful. Yeah. It it was a long letter. Yeah. It was like four pages. So it was a long letter. I mean, you have to think back now every now and then being like, what if I had retired? You, I, I know money's not everything, but you ended up making like 60 more million dollars and won a Super Bowl MVP. Yeah. That's an all time What if? Yeah. I mean that, that's crazy. Yeah. I mean, in the moment that I decided to go back and play, I'll never forget it. You know, we were in California and I was, you know, I just got back from a camping trip with Tory's brother Ryan. We went camping and fly fishing and, you know, it was actually the first time I had peace since I was probably a kid.


'cause football did not consume me. I had just been released from the Ram. So I was free. No team controlled me. I got to go on a camping trip. Andy Reid and I were texting 'cause I was free agent and you know, he wanted me to go to KC and I just told him like, Hey, I, I think I'm done. I'm just gonna go on this trip and just enjoy being out in the wilderness and fly fish. I, I never got a chance to do that 'cause I was always training. And then I got back and I had to deal with, you know, six teams that called and all these different things. And Tory and I are talking about everything and it's just really hard for me to take 'cause I'm not ready to make a decision. And I just didn't feel like I could do it. But then I remember just saying to pray, you know, prayer to God, like, God, like I really don't know what to do. I'm struggling and you know, there's this, the calming voice or something inside me, whatever it was discernment from the Holy Spirit that said, just move.


Yeah. Like stop being paralyzed. You're living in fear that doesn't come from me either. Retire and I'll be with you and I love you and I'll be with you. Or go back and play. Yeah. And then the ultimate deciding factor is what are you most afraid of? Yeah. Like what is, and I was more most afraid of going back to play. So that's why I made the decision. I was like, that was the thing I did not want to do. But I was most afraid of. And I knew that he'd be walking alongside me. So I called Andy Reap, I left. My wife thought I was calling my agent to just put in my retirement papers. Wow. And she had no idea. 'cause this, the conversation had gone where I was probably gonna retire. Yeah. Because we're like in tears and stuff. It was that close. Yeah. It was tough. And she was there and she's our rock of our family. I walk outside, I call Andy Reed and I'm like, Hey, if you'll have me the training camp's already a week or two in.


I was like, I'll come. I was like, and I told him a hundred percent what was going on in my heart. So he knew. I'm like, Hey, but if the love of the game can come back, I know it's playing for you in Kansas City and if you'll still have me, I'd be honored to come here and give it a shot. Because training camp you have so many guys. So like if I don't cut it and I lose heart, they're just gonna cut me anymore. Yeah. Right. So called my agent, told him, and then I hadn't thrown a ball for like three, four months or something. So that night, you know, I called Tory's brothers, Evan and Ryan, who, like I said, both great athletes. I'm like, Hey, we gotta go find a field and throw, I gotta see if I can still throw this thing. So went through and then like a day later I'm on a fight kc, you know, get the training camp. They don't have like pads or shoes or helmet that fit the quarterback. 'cause they didn't account on that. So like, I'm wearing number one, I'm wearing like lineman shoes, receiver shoulder pads, and like a random helmet.


And I felt so dumb. Like in, I just felt like in an imposter. Right, right. But it was the fourth day of training camp where I woke up and I was doing my Bible study and watching film and honestly like full transparency, like tears came to my eyes because I realized it was the first time in a long time I was pumped to go to practice. I hadn't felt that in a long time. So Wow. That year in 2016, being with the Kansas City Chiefs was my favorite year of football because of everything it led to. And that's why when, you know, I cook on with Chef Donnie and you know, I do all these different things like Big Red is always a big part of like my journey. And I'm super grateful for him having me and the leader he is as a head coach. Yeah. I mean, and it sounds like Andy Reed, like not not save your career, but like he be having that relationship with him and having someone you can call and be like, Hey here's, 'cause if you, if you call, you said six teams called you.


If you call one of those other teams and you're like, Hey, I don't know if I really wanna do it. Oh yeah. They'd be like, all right, fine, fuck you don't come on. No doubt. You know. But like, ha Andy Reid being like, you know, I want to give you this opportunity. That's awesome. Yeah. And he drafted me so he knew me for my rookie year and playing and going through the draft process. And we stayed in touch after. And you know, even when I was with Chip and having success, I'd always get a text from Andy and, you know, that meant a lot to me. And that was, you know, really, really special. And that's why, you know, he means so much. And I had so much fun, you know, Alex Smith, Tyler Bray, our QBI room, you know, coach Nay was our offensive coordinator. It just, you know, it showed me so much structure. Alex's preparation was amazing. So I got to learn a lot from him and his preparation and just the, the man he is.


And we had a really great quarterback room that the environment was healthy. We had a lot of success. You know, I played in two games that year and, you know, had success and sort of got my mojo back. I So Andy Reed gets credit for the Eagles Super Bowl. Yeah. And also Alex Smith might be the best starting quarterback of all time to be a backup quarterback for Yeah. He's, yeah, he's, you know, yeah. He done, you know, durable, done, you know, just such an amazing player. Such an amazing leader. And I'll tell you this, like Alex in the facility, the way he locks in at the facility is truly amazing. 'cause then we'd have like quarterback date nights and I'm like, so used to like, like with the wives not quarterback. Alex, did you have quarterback date nights in Philly with Carson wi Oh, how close were y'all?


We, we did a couple. We did a couple. They were, So Carson was not, hold on, hold on. Nate, Nate wasn't married. Nate just got married a year ago. They're about to have their first kid. They might have had their first kid like right now. And then Carson was not married at the time. Okay. So it was much Invited to date night. Got it. Yeah. We, so I did date night with my wife. Okay. So you had Skip so you and Carson were not as close as you Were. Yeah. But context is everything. Yeah. Not married. So like, but he had a girlfriend, he had a new, he had a new girlfriend who's now his wife. Oh, okay. And they have, you know, sounds Like you've gone a Date. Yeah. Sounds like things weren't so rosy in That's interesting. Yeah. See, see y'all just like, I see y'all do, this is why y'all do what you do. Yeah. This is why y'all do What y'all do. In In, in Philly. Did you ever learn all the lyrics to Dreams and Nightmares? I did not.


But I, to to this day when that song comes on, I, so I listen to like the beat and everything. Yeah. When that song comes on, it's got like, there's something inside me that just like juices me up. Yeah. 'cause of like running outta the tunnel and what it meant to our team and Meek Mill and everything he is going through like that song forever will like get me going. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That was, I mean, yeah. That was a time and place. Max is smiling ear to ear.


Alright, I got one last question for you. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take. So my last question was, do you want to give, we've kind of been, you know, singing your praise Nick, full Super Bowl, MVP, everything. Do you wanna give us any credit for not asking a question about everyone saying you have a big dick? Well, I mean, in a way you just sort of did that. No, I didn't. No, no you Didn't. No, no, No, no. The question was not give us credit. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I did not ask the question. So, so We're, we're we're doing this and you know, like when I going on the show, I'm like, all right, you know, is it weird that the first thing I thought of is like, that's gonna be the question? No. Didn't ask the question. Didn't ask the question. The tape back. I asked if we, the question is do we get credit for not bringing up the fact that other people say that you have a big dick. So it's really, the question is, do we get credit? Y'all, y'all, y'all do get credit? Okay, There we go. Nice. But you know, it's, you know if, yeah. I mean y'all get credit for not asking. Now we get, we get the awkward likeness of it all. So you get what you need. We Get credit, speaking of Rollback, they've got very roomy pants. Yes. And joggers and shorts for all types of bodies.


Well You can say Max, I Was gonna ask if there's ever anyone affiliate ask you to that who has asked you to sign their dick? What? Alright, so now you can take the credit away because he made it even worse. That, that, that, That, that arguably was a little worse. Because then like when you ask the question then you're like thinking about like what he just asked. You're like, What? I Feel like Good question, man. Crazy. No, it's Crazy. I could see It. I mean, or like tattoo gr Great. Gratefully no. Yeah. But there's a lot of tattoos of the Super Bowl Fizzy two or me, funny story, funny story about tattoo. So I was in San Francisco doing a speaking thing and you know, I had been in Philadelphia for a few days with San Fran before I went back to SoCal.


And I really needed to go like, get a shower. 'cause I travel across country in the morning. So I'm like, all right, there's A-Y-M-C-A. So I go to the YMCA, I'm like, all right, hopefully, you know, these gyms now with day passes. I don't even know, I just work out in my garage. So I go in there, walk in, I'm in San Francisco and I'm like, Hey, do you have a, and the guy just pause, he's staring at me and my marketing agent buddy Austin's with me. And I'm like, he, and he just lifts up his shirt and it's just a full Super Bowl 52 tattoo. And this is San Francisco. Wow. So I was like, oh wow. And you know, I was like, so I can get a day pass? He like, yeah, we get free day pass anyway. But I'm like, but you're gonna give me a free day pass, huh? So I Need a shower. Yeah. But yeah, that's just sort of the, you know, they're Phil, every Philly fans are everywhere. They love the team, they love the city and it's a amazing fan base.


Max, was that you asking him if he would sign your penis? No, No, no. Were you soft watching? No, no. That's not what I was saying. That's what it sounded Like to me. That's not what I was saying. I just, I really wanted to ask like, what was the craziest Philly thing that you saw? And then you talked about that and then it made me think, damn, I wonder if that has ever happened. Listen, In terms of rumors about you, it's the best one. You could have The best possible one To have. Yeah. And I don't even think it's a rumor, but, but in terms of people talking about something, Yeah. I mean, I mean, it could be worse. Yeah. Very worse. I mean, listen, I have a small dick, so like, that sucks. I've never had That rumor start about me that never, I've never had like former teammates go on podcasts and be like, Hey, yeah, I'd just like to confirm the size of PFDs dick for you.


That's really the Dream scenario though. Wait, so what is the last, last question? What is the craziest Philly fan story or weird or, or request that you've gotten? That was basically what I was meant to Ask. Yeah. You just did a terrible job. Like, hey dude, they won't ask you to sell your dick. Yeah. I Mean, you know, you'll run in occasionally like maybe an image of, you know, a dick that they want signed or something. Okay, Okay. You know, stuff like that. But you know, usually it's, it's not too crazy. Yeah. They, I think they know me too, so they, yeah. You know, a lot of It's just like a Philly Special thing or something like that. So they Were always like us. They, you know, they always, you did not ask the question. We did not ask the question. You didn't ask the question.


He brought in a worst question Max. I didn't even ask him. But my thing is, can we other People's, But Max back there is thinking like, what, what can I ask? Like, my question is like, how do you get to That? Yeah. Because he was, he was thinking, he was thinking in his head, he was like, I think Nick Foles had a good enough time on this interview. He'll sign my dick late. That's not what I was saying. That's absolutely what was happening. That's not what I was saying. That not what I Saying percent. Oh, not what I was saying. Because He's done this before with guests. He's had guests sign his dick. So he was like, and then his incorrect. Then he goes and gets it tattooed. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. No, his dick Is like a wall of graffiti Right now. No, this is incorrect. This is incorrect. I, this is not how I wanted this podcast to end. You became, You, you became A huge part of this podcast.


Yeah. Nope. Now on social media, when we pump out, y'all pump out all the, this is like what you're pumping out. Yeah. He's gonna be very upset about it. That one Just popped into my head that, Oh man. Alright. Wait's. The last, last question. You, you have a merch brand now? Yes. So you are wearing the hats. Yes. Dad season. Dad Season. I like it. Dads need more representation. Yeah. We, we deserve credit. So yeah, A story, a story about it. So like Pat O'Donnell was punting for the 49 ERs. Yeah. Teammate in Chicago there. Yeah. One of my best friends, we, you know, we, we co-founded the brand dad's season and, you know, at the beginning of any brand, like, you know, the idea was 2023 really got going in 2024 throughout the course of this year is like, how are we gonna do this? You're, you're figuring out what is, is it a podcast? Is this? And we're like, you know what, let's do great hats.


Let's, let's do merch. You know? So right now, in 2025, we have a great plan to scale more merch, more hoodies, more shirts. We want like performance, golf performance. We, the hat I'm wearing right now is a hydro performance hat. So, you know, moisture wicking, water repellent, these will come out in like January. Love it. So we want to create and spec out great hats. So we have a line of that and you know, it's DA ds zn.com and then on our social. But you know, it's been a lot of great feedback and we're also gonna make things for, you know, we have a mom brand coming out, we have kid stuff coming out, you know, a Philly Philly girl hat. 'cause we have a Philly line that's really cool. Love it. And then we're gonna do stuff for people that are not dads. You know, we have, you know, we're gonna drop a lot of our performance hats without, you know, just our logo on the side that even if you wanna wear it, like you can wear it and then, you know, you want Philly, Philly beanie just 'cause we have the Phily Philly dad line.


Yeah. So we have a lot of great ideas. My brain is always churning with ideas And we have a great team. It's, we're truly small. It's, you know, pat, myself and our wives are heavily a part of it. And then we have, you know, a small team of people that, you know, live the love the brand. They're dads and they love what we're doing and they help with the, you know, as we grow in content and merchandise planning and scaling. So it's pretty awesome to do. Nice. Love being a dad. Rocks. Yeah. It's fun. And sometimes it's not fun In Chicago. It becomes a little more difficult 'cause of the cold weather, huh? Yeah. Well they, thank God we have this office. I just have my kids just come here and run around. Yeah, that's, that's part Of it. That's a lifesaver. Yeah. Yeah. Of it. Because this office is like a Yeah, it's an adult music.


It's amazing. Yeah. They, they love it. So. Alright, well Nick, thank you so much man. It was awesome having you on. Awesome meeting you. Max is gonna ask for the Dick signing after this. Nope. Nope. Yep. We Won't do that. Gonna cut on something. We'll sign shirt. No, we're not gonna cut any of this. This is, this is what didn't ask that. This is what goes on. This is the real nitty Gritty. He actually did a good job too with his previous questions. No, no. I got like, I was proud of Max for not asking a weird question earlier in the interview. You know what, he's a true Philly fan. Yeah. A true Phil fan. Yeah, he can, you can only contain it for so long. I just wanted him to know about other Philly fans. Once you go Now, max, you know what you've done is now Philly fans are going to ask Him all the Time. It's all because of you. Yeah. You actually just created a lot of issues for me. Cut all.


No, you did it to him. All right. Thanks so much, Nick. All right. Thank You'all, I appreciate it.


Welcome back to another Fire fest of the week, brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. You know what really sucks, having to dunk over the course of the next couple weeks. You know what else really sucks getting injured, but you know, it doesn't suck calling Morgan and Morgan so they can help you get what you deserve. While they can't help add inches to your vertical leap, they can't help fight to get you full and fair compensation when injured. The fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law from your cell phone.


Okay. Fire fest the week boys. It's time Henry. Yeah, my fire fest is dunk related. Oh, next week is the day I'll be attempting. I think I will be close-ish. Yep. When is PM MTV coming out Today? Eric's out now. Okay, So PFT. Yeah, we have some negotiating. I we did some pre-negotiations. I said to Hank when we were negotiating that none of this counts because PF t's not here. Yeah, I Heard, I heard some, some things from the walls regarding the pre-negotiations that there Were some slander, There were some s Well, I no, 'cause slander's when it's not true. Oh Yeah, yeah. But just some insults that Were Yeah. Insult stats That were thrown around very loosely. But yeah, Hank, this has been like a, a six month fire fest for you because you've just, there've been so many ups and downs and having this challenge just looming out in the distance has really put you through a mental wringer.


Yeah, I mean I've, I've enjoyed the training. I, I've, I've seen progress. I will see if I've seen enough progress. I think it will be close. I probably didn't go as hard as I should have in the beginning. And you know, much like a project or whatever in school. I procrastinated too long. I was going through the motions. I just wasn't, I've been locked in for like two months. I just needed to be locked in for like, probably an extra two or three. Yeah. But there's a second part of the dunk bet where it's like we went back and watched the footage when we recorded it, you know, last year. Yeah. Change. It was to go perfect change. It was goal. Can I, alright. Okay, go ahead. You want No, no, you can explain it. No, you wanna explain it? I Knew this day would Come. You wanna explain it?


You got it. My bad. In the, when we, the discussion was Big Cat said if you go perfect from three point contest, 25 or 25, then you win as well. I said that's never gonna happen. You said okay. 20 IM That, that's not how it was said. Oh, Alright. You explained it. No, no. Explain. No, you explained it. You explained, You explained. Explained it. So Max is walking around showing everybody this clip yesterday, trying to figure out what this clip means if you watched it. Oh no. Hey, put it back. Put it back. I, I watched clip hank My initial reaction was Put it for 20, put back, we Got a mic off right now we got two, two podcasters and just not talking into a Mic. Put it back, put it back. We got a mic Off. Put it back. Hank what did you think that the, the second part of was I, I don't know.


PFD maybe if you let me fucking speak I would explain it but you guys got it. You take it away. No say my fire fest is, I'm not good at shooting threes. No, That's it. Say it, say it. You didn't, you didn't say you Literally didn't, lemme finish. I Did let you finish the part where you said that I was Wrong. You time, I'm speaking You. That's not what I said. Okay, Restart. I misinterpreted what the initial discussion was. I'm not gonna be able to shoot 20 threes in a row. That's it. I have a question, right? Yeah. What was the initial discussion? Do we have a clip? Could we play it? The initial discussion was 25 for 25. I said that's never gonna happen. You said, okay, 20 there was disc, you have to go perfect from three point 25 25. I said that's never gonna happen. You said okay, 20. I heard that as 20 outta 25.


When I rewatched the clip this week, I realized you guys meant 20 for 20. So I attempted to shoot, I I had three shots at it. I took 25 attempts at it on Tuesday and I didn't make it more than five times in a row. So that's, that's, that's Over. So we have to, we have to figure out something that I don't want you to be as down as you are because I actually still think you might be able to dunk. You're not giving up on the dunk are you? Nope. You, So why are you this upset about the, the three pointer? I'm not, You're not a text you sent me last night makes me think that you might be close to Dunking. I thought Big Cat lowered the rims, which you said he wants to do to fuck with me.


I can't. I try. I don't think I'm gonna dunk. I think I'm gonna be, I'm just not. I'm, I'm, I can jump 10 feet, four inches. I think I probably need another inch. I don't think I'm, I'm gonna run outta time. Alright, so let's negotiate. Yeah, let's negotiate. Because here's what it comes out To. I don't mind it. It is what it is. We made the bet. No, no. I'm gonna honor my bet. Like I'm not, I'm not trying to get out of it. No, No. So what I told him, PFD is like we, this is for the viewers. We want it to be fun for the viewers. So obviously if he can't dunk and he can't do the 20 for 20, we should come up with a like redemption bet for Hank where it's not us at stake. So we don't have to pay him anything.


It's just him getting out of paying us. Getting back to zero. Yeah. Okay. So Here's the, here's the clip. Okay. If you wanna play it, if you can't dunk, I'll give you three chances to go perfect from three point contest. And if you get that, then you get the money. Okay. That was smart by me because now he's gonna like halfway through not training, he's gonna be like me. I'll just straight three Pointers and he'll stop drinking to dunk. That works. So three, three times through you'd have to make 25 3 pointers in a row. Yeah. That'll never happen. Alright, we'll say, we'll say 20. That is so much more likely to happen than you. So I, again, like I didn't, I remember talking about it and I remember 20 in my head for the last few months, it was 20 outta 25 watching the clip back.


I realized it was 20 for 20, which is impossible. I think 20 for 25 is possible. Obviously that's not what we discussed. So the thing we could do, and I propose this, is that we could do you get a redemption rack or a a run through and I get three chances to beat you and if I beat you or we could do the average of me in PFT. And then the difference is what you pay us was the other thing I proposed. Say that again. You and PFT both do one time through We get No, no, no, you go one time through.


That's your score. So let's say you get 20, okay? P, FT and I go three times through e each And we average our best scores. And then the difference is like, you know, like, so say our average is 14 and you get 20, we would then take off whatever it is. So what do you owe Would owe us eight grand. Eight grand. You'd owe us two grand. So it'd be like a thousand a point or something. What do you think about that? PFT? What Were the, the terms that you guys were throwing around yesterday? That was kind of it. It was like that it was us going. Is Hank gonna risk anything more? It was gonna be, it doesn't, Not necessarily money Pf it was gonna be PFD versus Hank straight up one time going through for a million dollars.


He would've to pay us a million dollars if he beat him And we wouldn't have to pay anything if you, if or no, he, if he beat you, we wouldn't have to pay anything. That was where the insult came in. Yeah, he was willing to do a million dollars and get a cat and shave his face. I kind of wanna take that back. A million A dude, a million. It's not the million is cool, but getting a cat. Yeah. And shaving. I mean I'm open to either of those. Okay. Oh, we could do this. All right. So how about we do this because you owe, you would owe owe us, you'd owe us four grand. Four grand, right? Correct. I would be willing to go heads up with you one round verse one round.


If you beat me, I'll wipe mine clean. Okay. And then PFT go heads up with you. If PFT beats you, you gotta get a cat And shave And shave. But here's what I'll do. Wipe it clean. What? I'll also Wipe it clean no matter what. If I beat you matter what I'm willing no to trade $4,000 cash for Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's wipe. So you'd be wiped clean on P fts no matter what. And then if he beats you, you gotta get a cat and shave your face. Why wouldn't you take this? You just said a million dollars. Why would you take this And listen, I'm, I do not shoot three pointers. I mean it's just, and we're just going heads up one, one time.


One time. I feel like I would probably you have to go first. I would probably make four three If PFT goes first, remember I have A broken, a broken P piece. If PFT goes first, I'll do it. I'll go first against you. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I don't care when I go. Yeah. Alright, So why, why don't you want me to go second? It's pr it's a lot of pressure for me. Oh, I think he's gotta go second. I think he's gotta go second for the Viewers, I think are my, those are my, I Think there's way more pressure on you if you go second. Yeah, that's true. Way more. I don't know more. I want Hank to go second Against Pft. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. Alright. Alright. Accept. I want Hank to go second against fd. Accept. I don't, I don't. I'd rather you already, You already accepted.


No, I didn't. I literally did not. You just, you just Said if PFT goes first, I'll Do it, I'll do it. And I said okay, I Accept. Alright, fine. I think this is fair. This is Very fair. So, so you're gonna go, so you're gonna try to dunk. If you don't dunk, you're gonna try to get 20 threes in a row. You have three shots at that. If that doesn't happen, we owe you or we owe you nothing. So we've won that side of the bet. And then we have the, the elimination is essentially me and you heads up one time. One time. If I beat you, you owe me the, the four grand. If I, if you beat me, we're clear. And then one time, one time you're already clear with PFT.


But if he beats you, you have to get a cat and shave your face. It's the shaving the face, isn't it? Oh, it's the Cat. Oh, it is. Oh, I thought it was the shaving, the Face. The cat might take care of the spiders. Yeah, true. Spiders have gone away for winter. The cat. The cat. Listen, a cat is fine. I love Hank's ongoing war because the spiders, I think this is a fair deal. Yeah. I mean, I don't want to own a cat, but I also, you could also, you also know I'm gonna be PFT. So whatever. You could also adopt an elderly cat. They need homes too. True From paw. That'd be so sad. If you just adopted a cat for it to die like six months later, you would definitely love that cat.


All right, We're Good. All right. We're good? Yeah. Okay. So, so already you've, you've, the most you're gonna have to pay is four grand, correct? Yeah. This is, this is a win. This is a massive win for you, Hank. And you've been shooting a lot more than me, so I think you're gonna beat me. Although you've never beat me in a three point contest. Yeah, but I Think you could beat me, but I, I'm I'll, I'll walk in. This Is gonna be great. Imaginative. PFT beats. So PFT you gotta fucking get I'm gonna talk Tight. I'm, I'm texting tightest. Right? You Gotta get tight. You gotta get your shit on. All right. Pressure, pressure makes diamonds or I can just dunks Or you could just dunk if you dunk you just, what, what would you get?


18 grand or something? 20. 20. Damn. What a, what a I mean that I'm rooting for you to dunk. Yeah, me too. Would you still do heads up against no PFT just for the cat. Come on. The people need the cat. Hank, if You can dunk, I think you should go heads up against me and I'll double how much I owe you For a cat deal. Oh my god. Deal. Deal. So you're, you're shooting for a cat no matter what. Yeah. I love that. I love that. All right. And what day are we doing this? Friday. Friday, okay. I'm texting Mark. Yeah. There also might be someone who could help you Like a week from today.


Yeah. There's also someone who might be here who could help you shoot to PFD. Yes. A coach Of some kind. But I gotta put the hours. That Won't add any pressure to you. No, I mean, I'm, I'm gonna fall apart. This is gonna be terrible. I'm already falling, falling Apart. Oh, but you know who wins the Ws and that's all that matters. That's all that matters. Gonna Sleep for the next week. Not gonna, they're gonna win. This is going to be a big win for Them. And we're, we're doing the racks, not the guns. Yes. Okay. Racks. Racks. Also, This will be the finale of the PMT. Yeah. Also Air Christmas Week. Yes, yes, yes. So just so Every, be out for everyone who's been asking about that.


This will air Christmas week. This will air Christmas week. Yeah. At the end of the last episode of the PMT documentary. Yes. Yes. Okay. PFT Year Fire Fest. That was good. That was good talk. Good Fire fest. I'm sorry for interrupting you at the start. It's okay. I Apologize. My fire fest kind of addressed a couple of 'em already. One was that Hank brought back winter by provoking it. Dude, it was, it's fucking like, whatever. It's not that bad. Bad. No, It was negative five wind chill this morning. It's okay. My other fire fest. It's, It's gonna get, it's gonna get to be 40 degrees again tomorrow or, Or Friday. It'll be okay. It'll be okay. My other fire fest is that I have entered the metaverse. Oh. And I think I like it.


I think I enjoy it. So I I got the Apple Vision Pro like seven months ago. What a waste of fucking money that was. Yeah. That was, that's probably the, the biggest waste of money I've ever had in my entire life is buying that. But a couple days ago went out, picked up the, the meta Quest three. That thing rocks. So you can watch NBA games and feel like you're actually court side at it. This is not an ad. I just enjoy being in the metaverse. Oh Shit. I might have to buy it. You feel like a court side. It's great for flight simulators. I know you love those Big Cat. Yeah. So I'm just like rocking my meta helmet at home. I was watching college football on Saturday. I had three games on at once on like, big screen TVs that were just floating in my room.


It is, it's awesome. I think I'm just a full-time metaverse guy. I guess I gotta get it. I'm going You trolling the metaverse too? Oh, you can like go up to other people and start fucking with 'em. Oh yeah. It's fun. Okay. It's fun. I'm gonna be a MedQuest guy. I'm I'm in the metaverse right now. That Sounds, was it hard to set up? No, it was very easy to set up. Did you get any headaches? No headaches. No headaches. I remember, 'cause we had this in the New York office and I played like two games of something and my brain could I also have fucked up brain. It's that's a me thing. That's me thing. Yeah. No, just stop talking. I know that like, if you don't adjust it, if you don't adjust the, like, tightness of it or the lens distance or whatever it fucks with you. But if you have it set up perfectly. It's man, I'm telling you, the Apple Vision Pro was like five grand.


This thing was 500. This kicks the shit outta the Apple Vision Pro. Mm. Apple Vision Pro sucks ass, but this rocks, I might have to get it. Alright. My fire fest, I get two. One is I do think I have a broken pinky. I've had it for two weeks. I don't know what to do about it. I don't think you can do anything for a broken pinky. You cut it off. It just hurts really bad. It hurt really bad when I hurt it and then it got a little better and now it hurts again. So, yeah, I don't think you can, they don't do anything for a broken pinky, right? Oh, you Can like tape it I Think. Yeah. I'm not doing anything, so I think I'm just like a hurt hand guy for the rest of my life. Yeah. And then the other one was that my, my son just threw up all over my car on Saturday and that was fun. So, oh. And we were in a parking lot after lunch and I said to him, I was like, you look like you're gonna throw up.


Do you need to throw up? And he is like, no. And then we got in the car everywhere. Spin zone though. Big Cat. At least now you have a sick car. Yeah. Real sick car. Real sick car. Oh, it was everywhere. And then I got blamed for it because he was like, you shouldn't have made me eat the single noodle that he ate for lunch. That was your fault. He was like, I told you I didn't want that single noodle. It would make me, he's right. Sick. Like, damn. You're right. You got me. Alright, Thank you. Okay. You're fine. You're, We just, we, What just happen here is, is that you already are down. You, you already don't have to pay four grand. You're, you're half. I, I would Pay four grand to not have a cat and change my face.


You're like, the money is, you're gonna lose to Pft. No, I Know, dude. I suck. It's Pressure. P ft. You shouldn't practice. No. Shut. No stop. Stop. I mean, it's not gonna make a difference. It, I think I would honestly Shoot, I'm probably like 7% from three. Is that fair? And You're also gonna be on, you're already gonna done it. Like, you're gonna do it like what, three times. So you're gonna be warmed up and you're in great shape. Yeah, I'm excited. I'm, I'm nervous, but I'm excited. You shouldn't be nervous. I think you're good. I think you're gonna walk away from this and probably not owe anything. Hopefully. Yeah. Or be up 20. Or be up 20. Yeah. You could dunk.


That's Dude. How, how sick would it be if you were to dunk and you'd have that video for forever? Oh, the, the way I'm gonna dunk. Pretty Wait how many times does he get again To Dunk Unlimited? Yeah. 'cause you'll stop being able to jump as high after a little bit. Yeah. You'll quit means Are you still staring at that light? I show him. Pug off the light. Oh man. I can't stress enough how long this light has been there Forever. And you can also forever just stop looking at it. Alright, so Now I have to look at it. All right, we ready for numbers? Yeah. 11 three.


Nice. What the fuck, man? Two. That's a big thing for me. 94 pug. 35. I'll go 10 21. Thanks. To the Nationals. Oh yeah. The national. Yeah. The nationals tweeted at memes after they won the ladder saying, memes. Have you ever gotten this? You've never gotten it. Names, you've never gotten.