
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube. Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's Pardon My Take. We have some college football. We got two guests, great guests, head coach of the Notre Dame fighting Irish Marcus Freeman. On the show, we also have our good friend Andy Staples, previewing college football, week one and the new playoff football, real football. We're talking real football. So this week we're gonna do college football. Next week we're obviously gonna do NFL. We have the Mount Rushmore business jargon with special guest Hank's Dad.


It's come down to a two man race between Hank and PFT. So Hank's bringing in additional people. That's fine. Yep. Hank can do whatever he wants. Bringing in help. Yep. We got who's back in the week.


We got a great show for you and is brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. We had the appetizer last week. Now it's time to feast. College football is back. Don't miss any of the action. Jump in at DraftKings Sportsbook. It's a full slate for of games for week one, including the big matchup in Atlanta between the preseason number one and number 16, Georgia verse Clemson. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win Go to the DraftKings Sports book app. Select your team and place your first bet. This is gonna be DraftKings biggest college football season to date. Enjoy the ride now all the way through the expanded playoffs. And for all the newbies getting into college spirit, here's something extra special. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big with DraftKings all college football. Season long. Download the DraftKings Sports book cap now Use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Bye. In the street there is violence and work and And it down.


Pardon My Take presented by bars. Team sports. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Score big with DraftKings all college football season long. Download the DraftKings Sports book app now. Use code take, that's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, August 26th and football is back. And for the feels like 75th year in a row, I lost money thinking that DJU UL was gonna be the DJU UL from the CO year. And that Notre Dame game that he played, he played against Notre Dame with Clemson and I got burned. Yeah, it seems like he doesn't like to run with the football that much anymore. He doesn't do the thing where he is like, Hey, I'm 245 pounds, I'll just put my head down and run over you. This is, it's tough. Just every year, every year I'm like, this is the year DJU u and I feel Bad for Florida State fans this whole off season. They were gonna be on like a fuck u tour in college football this year because of unfortunately how last season ended for, and we do still stand with Florida State at the end of last season.


Correct. You did what you had to do. But this was a a, a bad way to start out traveling all the way over to Ireland. I would assume that some Florida State fans probably imbibed one or two beverages over an island, got drunk off Guinness. Your poop's black, and then you get to see that stinker. Yeah. And then you had on top of that, that Kirk Herbstreit twisted the knife saying, man, tough loss for the Knolls over an island for to a good Georgia Tech team. The great news is with the new 12 team playoff, there's still plenty of opportunities to climb back into the bracket, regroup, and keep battling. Yeah. It's Point now he he is technically right that they're not out of it with the new playoff.


It actually, Florida State has controls their own destiny now. Whereas last year they won all their games and didn't control their own destiny. So they actually control their own destiny even though they lost the first game. So they're not out of it. But man, does that suck, especially how last year ended. And then to be like, you know, revenge tour starts now. DJU U I'm gonna believe in him for once. Well, no, I believe in him every single year that one game. I, I actually think we should actually maybe do like a, maybe it's, maybe it's a Mount Rushmore, maybe it's just a segment where it's like, If, you didn't watch this one game. You would think about someone totally different. If I had just somehow missed DJU u throwing five touchdowns against Notre Dame during the covid year, I would, it would, it would've stopped me from having so much pain in and lost bets.


Yeah. Every year after that, I'm pretty sure there's a couple Carson wince games out there that Right. Definitely apply to this. Yeah. That just like, you see one movie, 73 degrees outside, See one game, October And, it just fucks you up forever. Yep. Then you're never gonna get outta that hole either because you keep, you know, deep down in your soul, like this guy is capable of accomplishing the unthinkable. Somewhere in there is that Guy And. It's up to somebody to bring it out of him. Yeah. And. it just didn't happen. It didn't happen. but it, It is a Terrible one. I feel like Georgia Tech always fucks people up in, in like these weird situations too. Yeah, They're, I mean they're, they have played spoiler obviously last year, the Miami game. Yep. Oh, that was bad. The biggest spoiler. And they only had I think, 14 possessions total during this game. Yeah. Right. So they just controlled the clock And they, they they did it and Yeah, you have Kirk Kry twisting the knife.


It looked like a great time out in Ireland. I did love how, how mad everyone got about Pat McAfee doing, getting drunk at a bar. Yeah. You, you had him do a show at an Irish pub. That's exact. I I stand with Pat McAfee. You. That's exactly how he should act. Absolutely. You're in Ireland, you want to adopt the culture Right. Of that town. Like how Could he, what do you mean, how could he You what? You put him in a bar When you send him to Utah, guess what he does? Doesn't have a single thing to drink. Right. You just win In Rome. You make him do a show in a bar, he's gonna get drunk. And when They cut to the booth in the actual game and they, they were holding Guinness. Right. People took that and were like, you've got ESPN people getting drunk at their shows and in the game. It's like, that's, it's a crazy reach.


Yeah. It's Also, I'm Fi you're in Ireland. I'm okay with that. If announcers want to drink beer while they're announcing a football game, it would make things a lot more entertaining If Al Michaels, well, he probably already has a couple glasses. Scotch nothing big. Yeah. But yeah. If, you had, you know, if Tom Brady wanted to crack open a, a couple like zero carb seltzer and tequilas. Yeah. I'd be okay with that. I So week zero. I hate week zero by the way. I think it's, oh, I don't, I I hate it. I just think, just give me like four more games than what they give us because they, the Georgia Tech, Florida State game ended and I was like, all right, next game. The problem let's, The Hawaii game was not, it's not even a real game. I find it. I I am okay with having the appetizer with having just four games, but I want them to be back to back.


Right. There you go. So I, I want, I want you to, to start that second game was Montana State and New Mexico. Right. Which was incredible. Montana State covered big time underdog. Great game. So won the game outright. Won The game. So I, I would've loved to see that start kickoff right afterwards, but, and then have the next one right after that. And then have Hawaii kickoff late at night. In theory. Week zero. I'm fine with, it's just the execution of it. Give me eight games, eight games, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme one time, gimme a morning, an afternoon and night big game. And then sprinkle in a couple of these other, you know, Nevada SMU games. That's what I want. And they just don't, it just sucks. My problem was after the first game was over, I was at a bar and then I was like, man, I can't wait for this next game that I'm kind of pretending to care about because I'm betting on it.


Don't really care about this game. If it was in any other week, but then you have like 45 minutes to an hour of just like reminding people, Hey, we gotta stick around because we gotta see what happens with Montana State later. And it. And it's like everyone goes through the motions of College. football is back. But like, it really isn't. I really, I just, I just wish there was more. That's all. It's a good appetizer. It's, it's a fine appetizer, but it just give us more give I, you can't football's a drug. They basically were like, here you go have, have this drug and then, whoops. Sorry. You're gonna have to wait another five days. For more of the drug. Yeah. I, I I need, I need the drug right now. We need to have, because I can cut it off in the summer. I can, I can live without the drug, but the minute you put the drug in front of me, I'm gonna get fucked up and want to just go, you know, lose my whole life and just sit in a motel for the next six months.


What about this, what if they put a, a new week before week zero, week negative one. Fine. And there's just one game. No, I, I need, I need, I need more of the drug. They just gave us a taste. I want, I want the whole thing. What if it's the worst possible football game you can imagine? No, I want, I want more. I need more. They, they got me hooked. I mean, I'm already hooked, but they got me extra hooked Like D three. You get 1D three game in week, negative one game. And then they put on week zero, then you get eight games. It's like easing yourself in. I just, I just needed more. I needed more. I, I left, I left being like, man, I wish I had more. I watched the entire SMU Nevada game and I was like, gimme another Game. It's another great game. Yeah. Well it was college football. It was an interesting game.


It was, it was a wild Game. SMU had a player kicked out for spitting. They were like burning timeouts at random times. I don't even not being set. Don't, I don't even know if he spit on anybody if he just spit on the ground. It Was the craziest thing ever. And Nevada was going to punt and then they blew the whistle through the flag and I was like, oh, it must be, you know, delay a game or you know, false star whatever, move him back and they're like, no player spit. He's outta the game. And now Nevada has the first out. It really was a good weekend of, of just quintessential college football though. Yeah, because you had the weird stuff going on in Ireland. You had a wind delay in the Montana State New Mexico game. Yep. Where in the fourth quarter Montana State got the ball with what looked to be like a 55 mile an hour wind at their back the entire time.


And then you had the weird shit that happened and the craziness and the chaos at the end of the, the SMU game. Yeah. And we also had the, which I, I didn't realize I should have done a better job that now college football has a two minute warning, which I don't really like. Yep. Yep. They do. I don't like that. They reminded us several times that, which I appreciate that. You know what, that's why week zero is important. Yeah. I just two minute warning was kind of fun that they didn't Have it. Yeah. It's week zero. 'cause it also was a, a great casual, like you could, you could spot the casual watching like an NFL guy who just tuned into their first college football game and they're like, oh, he was out of bounds on that catch. Nope. One foot. One foot. Yeah. Or You know, oh, where's the two minute warning? Nope, they don't have that. Why Is the clock stop right now? 'cause they got a first down.


I want the games to be slightly different so you can kind of spot 'em in the wild. Yeah. But at the same time, when you watch a receiver make a catch in college and he gets two feet in, you're like, that guy could play in the nfl. Yeah, He could play on Sundays. Yeah. He could play on Sundays. Any other i I saw, I mean we're just going through the roster cuts. Trey Lance threw five picks. I feel bad for Trey Lance. He almost had skip Baylis on his side. Yeah. I skip was loving it and then right on QE threw a, a pick six. I actually feel bad for Trey Lance because it's not his fault that he got drafted number three or Yeah, number three, top five. Yeah. It was at least top five. He threw five picks. Someone had a, a tweet. I, i, I should have bookmarked it, but it was basically like Trey Lance in the last five years, it was like high school.


He played, I don't know, like 300 snaps. College he played 300 snaps. And then since being in the NFL, he is played like 150 snaps. He just hasn't played Football. He hasn't played that much. He's an all time guy of this guy could be great because I saw him really, really play well in one game. And he had that run, he had that touchdown run that looked Awesome. It was in the, the FCS national championship game against JMU. Right. It was absolutely crushed. I don't Did he throw like one interception when he was in college? He Was, he was zero. Incredible. Zero interception. He was awesome In college. And then he got his entire senior year taken away for Covid. But yeah, he, I feel bad for Trey Lance. I, I officially feel bad for Trey Lance. I think he'll be okay. Yeah. I mean he did make a lot of money being picked third overall. Mike White also got cut.


Yeah. So sad. They're doing Skylar Thompson right now. Yeah. They're gonna bring Mike White back to the Jets. Yeah. Mike White could win you a game on the New York Jets. I don't care who he's playing against, I don't care. He could come off the bench in the first quarter and Mike White has that ability to just somehow throw for three touchdowns for the Jets. Right. But who's your backup right now? Memes. I didn't realize you had Jordan Travis, but he's injured. Ty, rod Taylor. Oh, Ty. God. He's gonna have some freak injury that nobody else in the history of football is gonna have. Yeah. I mean, I didn't ask for your backup. It's not, your backup probably is irrelevant this year. Yeah. At least for the first five snaps. Come on man. Izzy's back though. Memes.


Izzy had a great game. Izzy. So back. Yeah, it's Izzy season. It's Izzy season. Defensive line backups look good. I know. Everybody cares About the Jets. That's great. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Its huge. It getting way down in the deep pit. I was, I was actually thinking about whether I should bring up that the Bears made a trade for a couple defensive linemen. Don't know if it moves to the needle, but they did Jalen Through his first pick of training camp. Good. Oh wow. That moves a Needle. He got that out last Last day of last day of ING training camp. Yeah. Probably Bounced off Dotson's hands. Somebody scraping. Probably not. We're gonna get Brandon IU on the Commanders and we've got Luke McCaffrey and Marvis Bryant. We don't need John Hunt. DODs just Ready for football. I'm just ready for football. We did have the, I I'd say the best NFL story from today was Jim Harbaugh in the elevator.


Yes. It was incredible. So The Chargers, a couple Chargers players, including Justin Herbert got caught in an elevator before. It might have been, I think it was before the game against the Cowboys this weekend. And Harbaugh was, is it the Same hotel or the, like a room blew up? No, I think that, that one, that Was in Oxnard. I believe The fire was in California. Dallas and hotel. Something's going on. So Harbaugh was asked afterwards. So Harbaugh I guess was the elevator right before, which makes me believe that Harbaugh had probably did this on purpose and got the elevator stuck on purpose. But afterwards he, he did an interview and he said, talking about the elevator, there's stuff for two hours. Justin Herbert and some Chargers players said, you get in those situations and it's a test of wills.


I was proud of each of the guys and the two women that were on that elevator. That's a win. You feel good about yourself, you were challenged. It was a test of will and you pull it it down or pull it in. And then talking about Justin Herbert, this is my favorite part, getting off the elevator. And, it was hot as each person came off the elevator sweating and some had the shirt off. Justin Herbert, his hair was a little wet, but his shirt was completely dry. That was another thing that blew me away. He said it, I might Bet on the Chargers now. I think You left out the best part of that quote. He said for Justin Herbert, his hair being a little wet, but his shirt completely dry. He said that was another thing that blew me away. This guy is just a beast. Yeah, He Is. He's a beast. Hank, when you were stuck on that elevator, was your shirt dry?


Yeah, we were only in there in there for 10 minutes though. Two hours a long where it's ass time to be stuck in elevator Very long. Somebody peed on that elevator. I wanna know about that. I want to know who pissed on that elevator. Yes. Honestly, I would say that if, if Justin Herbert didn't pee on that elevator, selfish teammate because that means that he wasn't hydrated enough. That's True. You should be. That's good point. You should be peeing all the time. If Harbaugh had come out and say it was incredible, Justin had to piece six times on this elevator 'cause he was so hydrated. I'd say that's a guy setting an example and a tone for all the rookie guys on the team that need somebody to look up to for hydration. I, I am, I have to say I like, I know we did that whole talk with Will. He's picking the Chiefs to not win the a FC West saying it's a scrappy division.


And I, I am still, I think we announced that the chiefs were gonna win the A FC West like six months ago sticking with that. But I, I might put a little something on, on the Chargers just because not to win the a FFC West, but to maybe just win the Super Bowl because Harbaugh, the guy just does things like this. Yeah. I mean, he said the winner. He also said that Friday was a key step in the team getting good at making yourself harder to break. Love that. We gotta get stuck in the elevator. Love That. I'd sweat so much. He would, he'd be like, this guy's a wimp. I would, how long would it take you to start complaining when you were stuck in the, I'd say less than a second. I Complained before the elevator's even stuck. I'm like, damn, I'm in another Elevator when you're getting on an elevator. You know, that's time my great grandfather died.


It Sucks. And then he said, who's got it better than those guys that were on that elevator? No one. No one. No one. Nobody. Do we have any other football stories? I had a couple other things I wanted to touch on. The elevator one was really my favorite. Yeah, That was the best. Hank, you had something. No, I well I I had something for you On the way in. So on the way in, I was talking to, I ran into the guy in my building who helped us get outta the elevator and we were talking about the incident and he kinda made a joke, oh, you're gonna get stuck in the elevator again. I was like, no, ha, thanks for helping. And he was like, tell me a story about, I thought he was talking about my building. He said, oh my friend, like it happened to him. The woman came, went to the floor, he didn't tell anyone and she died What?


Like they were looking for. And, and, and I was like, the guy just didn't tell anyone. Like she, he knew she got stuck down there and then hes said, yeah, he got arrested for being dumb. And I was like, here. And he said, no, a different building. And then I was like, alright, see ya. It was, She stopped because she didn't tell anyone. It was, it was, it was one of those wild small talk conversations that he was was like, yeah. And my friend was, you know, he had a similar situation happen, but the the thing fell down and he didn't tell anyone and the family was looking for her And. it s smelled bad. And I was like, so she died? He is like, yeah. I was like, is he arrested? He is like, yeah, 20 years. Oh my god. That's, that's, could have been you. I was like, all Good to see you, man. That's a nice little Yeah. Fun conversation to have.


Hank, did you want the other thing I had for you? Yes. Did you see Jason Tatum's tattoo? Yeah. What'd you think? Did you see a PFT? I have not. I'm gonna look it up right now. I think if I had accolades. Gimme your Yeah. Yeah. Your immediate Well, no, no. First before you look it up, guess what the tattoo is? Jason Tatum's tattoo is of his son. Nope, but his son's dunking on him. Nope. It is a trophy. Okay. It's of the Larry O'Brien trophy. Nope. You'd think because he just won it. It's, you also won a gold medal. Is It? Of the gold medal? No, It's better. It's even better. Jason Tatum got a tattoo of himself lifting the all star MVP trophy Named after, Named after his, his good friend that who he corresponds with frequently.


Kobe Bryant. But he just won the gold medal in the, in the Larry O'Brien. Those aren't named the Kobe Bryant. The, the gold medal is named. Come on Hank the Kobe Bryant medal On Hank. Come on. What people get, you know, touching tattoo tributes to people that they've lost and, and they care about. Come on, Hank. What, What does it say on it? It says like something GRA. Come on Hank. Is that Grail? Did he say This is my grail? I mean, dudes get crazy like pe everyone's tatted up. But Hank he just got this tattoo. He just won two of the most impressive things. No one gives a fuck about the all-star MB Well ta He did not win NBA finals mvp. That's True. Tattoo outta three of them.


Tattoos take a long time to, you know, sketch up and, and plan out. He probably, Yeah, it's hard to do a gold medal. He probably is waiting to get those ones, but they're coming. Oh, so he, he got this designed at the, like the second he won this trophy. Do You know, you know what it is, Hank and I, I know like, listen, I know you're sensitive about his aura. This is a Joelle s this is a Joelle B tattoo. No, that, Yeah, that that's the p like you get that too if that's the most you've ever won. If he Hadn't The winner, just the NBA shit. Yeah, he is. He just won Winner. He's won. Say it again. He just won the final. I Understand, but that's not a, you don't get the Allstar MVP as trophy If. You win the Allstar game. MVP, the NBA finals and a gold medal in the same year. You can do whatever you want.


You Yeah. Like, and you should get anyone criticize. You get NBA finals and the, and the gold medal tattoo For you got who, who are you to Criticize? If I won an NBA finals, if I won an NBA final an Allstar MVP and a gold medal all star MVP with the last tattoo I'd put on my body. But it's what if he gets the other two then is is it forgiven? I think it's better Than It would be. It would be slightly forgiven. Yes. It's It's better than if Joel and Bead had gotten this tattoo because that would've been, it would've been. That's loser Talk. It's Yeah. But that this is a a, a tattoo Joel em bead would get, He doesn't even have tattoos. Yeah, But he would if he got one. He, because he's never won anything Gold medal. First of all, pick Would it Be he won a real MVVA sketch of himself a draft night. Yeah. So he, you're upset that he doesn't have a real MVP tattoo.


No, I mean all Star MVP is more important than real MVP, But to me this, this just calls into question his, his aura even further. It seems like he's forcing the aura Negative 5,000 Aura. How's getting a tattoo of force? He gets what he likes. Okay. 'cause he likes All Star MVPs then. That's also a terrible trophy. What is that trophy? That's a Kobe Bryant trophy. I know, but what is it? It looks like a, a bad building. It looks like a, a giant martini shaker. Yeah. Or like a, a really shitty wedding cake. Or if if like the, the looks like a if the World Series chandelier, if the World Series trophy just let itself go. Yeah. Yeah. Got really fat. Yeah, I did A crystal butt Plug.


That was the other thing I wanted to talk about briefly with the boys. I wanna talk a little baseball because we've got two guys having probably the like, craziest years that we've had in a long time. Aaron Drudge hit his 50th and 51st home run today. He is on my dingers only. He's Closing in on the Al record. Who Had first pick in Dingers Only That would be me. Who'd you take? I took Shhe and Shhe. Yeah. Just Joined The 40 40 club fastest. The fastest of all time to join it. He's gonna demolish the four. He's probably gonna have the most combined or like, I don't even know how to phrase that. No, no one's ever been to the 50 50. No one's been 50 50. So He has a a legitimate chance to go 50 50.


He could get 50 50 on this. I think Arod has the record, right? It's like 44. 44 or 43. 43. He Was, but he was So the 40 40 it's pretty steroids. Yeah. The 40 40 guys. He did it show Shhe did it 126 games. And the second fastest was Alfonso Soriano in 2006. 147 games. So he's got a full like 30 plus games to get to the 50 50 club, which has never been done. He also did it in the most dramatic fashion. Hitting a walk-off Grand Slam. It's just crazy. On the first pitch with two outs, shhe and just casually the next day threw off the mound for the first time. 'cause Oh yeah.


If, you don't remember. Shhe has a career era RA of 2 33. Yeah. He is also like the best pitcher too. He is. He's just taking a year off now. It's insane the fact that he, he's like, oh yeah, I have a UCL so I'm just gonna become one of the best base dealers now. And the home run Soho Hay's doing that in, in LA And then Judge hit his 50, well he hit his 51st, so he's now three guys, or sorry, four guys total before this, have three seasons or more with 50 home runs. Babe Ruth, Sammy Sosa, Mark McGuire, Alex Rodriguez, Aaron Judge Own joins that group. He's also the first player in MLB history with 50 plus Home runs 120 plus rbis and a hundred plus walks before September.


And he's on pace for 62 this year. It's pretty crazy. Yeah, It's, it's absolutely wild. If MLB was competent, if they had a way of, of rigging the games like some of the other leagues do, sometimes they would make sure that it was gonna be a Yankees Dodgers series. Yeah. Instead we'll probably end up, I don't know who's the Cleveland and San Diego. It's also like, why the constant who the MLB needs a face of the league and the MLB, what's the marketing problem for the MLB? It's okay to just say the ML Bs just ne they're, they're just so far behind football that once September hits it's football season because these two guys and what they're doing is so insane and so awesome that MLB unfortunately has become more of a regional sport where you root for your team and don't probably tune into everything else, but these guys are the face of the MLB and they're like, couldn't be better.


Yeah. Two of them. I mean, shhe is having an incredible season And they're both awesome. I'm loving watching and outside of, of not talking to the Little League World Series Aaron Judge seems like a good dude. I Was gonna say, I, I think the face of the league is the United States Little League World Series team facts. Because we win, we win again. We beat Taiwan. I said Taiwan, it's disgusting that Little League World Series Ft is in the pocket of the Communist party. China, what are they called? Chinese Taipei. Ah, the, the Little League World Series has now officially That's crazy. Decided that Taiwan belongs to the Chinese government. It's crazy Weird. Huh? Weird. The Little League World Series. Hank, what are your thoughts on that?


Do you recognize the sovereignty of Taiwan? I think it would help to give some context to our maybe younger listeners who aren't fully aware what the difference is. Maybe Like somebody that's eight, nine years younger than us that might be listening out there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hypothetically on a couch somewhere. So you're saying that, okay, So The team identifies as Taiwan Post World War ii. What happened was like, Where are the players on the team? Say, wait, I'm gonna, I'm gonna set that up for you. It Depends on who they're saying. They're allegiance to Hank Post World War ii, the communists and the nationalists had a big war against each other in China before they were fighting big hold. They were fighting on the same side against the, the ese. And after World War ii, the communists won.


The nationalists flew over to Taiwan, they set up their own country there. Now to this day, the Communist Party in China, the Chinese government still claims that they own everybody that's living in Taiwan. And it's called Chinese Taipei. Like you remember a couple seasons ago when ESPN drew that seven dash line or whatever around the South China Sea and they gave fishing rights to the Chinese government and the South China Sea. That's what the Little League World Series is doing with Taiwan. They're just giving it to the Chinese. So the Little League World Series is in bed with the Chinese in bed With the Chinese, correct. No better than LeBron Or Steve Kerr. Yeah. Yeah. So the the, the ti the Yeah, I'm with, I'm with Taiwan.


That's fucked up Taiwan. Weird is Taiwan's name. Yeah. So we beat Taiwan today. That's all I'm saying. Not Chinese Taipei, but it was all The fuck out of Taiwan. Two to one. Yep. Yep. And Extras. Small small ball's back Baby Florida. No, that's a real island. That's Yeah. That's how we, Florida probably declares itself as its own country. Hell yes. We Would never do that in the United States. That big boy on Florida was awesome. He was Electric. Yeah. They he still home. They they had two big boys just mashing. Yeah. The United States. We stand for something. And that's why I was glad we didn't have to play against Puerto Rico. Yeah, Exactly. We, we, we got this. So baseball's back though. Baseball's fully Back. So back both those guys, should we do our, who's back and then we'll get to two interviews.


We got Marcus Freeman and Andy Staples,


who's back of the week. It is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Book your fantasy football draft at Buffalo Wild Wings to get a championship ring book@buffalowildwings.com slash fantasy. There's no better place than Buffalo Wild Wings, cold beers, great food, million TVs. Why not have your draft there? And guess what, If, you have your draft there. You can have a Buffalo Wild Wings championship ring for the winner of your fantasy league this year. Order a fantasy football bundle. If you're hosting a fantasy football draft party at home and try our limited time sauces. Hot BBQ is back and Buffalo bacon sauce is new for a limited time. Bdubs is football. If you're going to a sports bar, let's go to a sports bar that is Buffalo Wild Wings. Oh, we gotta do, let's go Sports Bar Buffalo Wild Wings is the best though. Also get the mini corn dogs that are absolutely incredible. But yeah, Buffalo Wild Wings, football's back. If you're gonna do your fantasy draft, even If, you wanna do it at home, get it catered by Buffalo Wild Wings. Go to Buffalo wild wings.com/fantasy to learn more today. You can get a Buffalo Wild Wings Championship ring. We, we have a couple in this office if that's up for grabs. You're taking it seriously. So book it buffalo wild wings.com/fantasy today. Buffalo wild wings.com/fantasy. It's wing season Boys It's wing season. It's Buffalo Wild Wings season.


Hank, who's back of the week, my Who's back of the week is Oasis. Oh Good. Yeah, I don't think I talked about it on the show. I definitely talked to PFT about it, but there is an HBO o documentary. I think it came out a while ago, but I stumbled upon it in the spring, maybe early summer. And I was, went down a Oasis rabbit hole and just became obsessed. I definitely was talking to PFT about it for a while before the Pup Punk show. So I'm pumped. I was not really, I I was, you know, in the I know, you know, wonder Wall category, like I knew Yeah, yeah. Some of them. You got Bangers. The documentary was great. They were like the biggest band of all time in the nineties. And they have bangers. Yeah. Bangers and just, and they got war and the drama.


The brother drama is so funny. Yeah. He got Aura. Like the Liam, Liam has got Ara Liam Gallagher has Aura like through the moon. Yeah. He, he is one of the funniest characters. So I'm very, very, very, very late to the party. But like me and Robbie Fox will just send each other. Like, I, you know, it, it was in my algorithm for a while where I was just getting, you know, all the old videos and, and when I'm drunk I'll just like turn on some of their live concerts and stuff. It's All the concerts have like 700,000 people. Yeah. All 700,000 people in bucket hats. Yeah. And they're wearing, they're like waving giant, giant ass flags. Yeah. They only perform at the biggest music festivals. It's Incredible. And, and Meanwhile, like they're on stage and Liam is calling his brother Con Yeah. Between songs. He, his roasts are so good.


If. you ask Liam Gallagher about like any modern musician, he'll just talk to you for about 30 seconds about how bad that guy sucks. He's like, he's on the Mount Rushmore of haters, but in a hilarious way. Have you told Billy about this? No, I'm sure he is excited. Okay. Hey, Hank found a second band. Yeah. Are you, are you worried what Billy Strings is gonna say? No, I think I more is excited. Is there room for Two? Yeah, there's room for two. My YouTube like If, you went on my YouTube. 'cause that it's not, it was, it was definitely a phase kinda like food. Like I was in like a three week oasis obsession phase that petered off. But sometimes when I'm, when I'm drunk, like you come home, I think I saw like a meme on Twitter. It's like, you know, you're drunk when you're just, someone's turning on full length concerts. Yeah.


That oasis like turning on their old like the Wembley or whatever like that happens still Glastonbury. Yeah. Yeah. They're the, Yeah, they had a, it was like 400,000 people. Yeah. No. Every single concert is the same way. And I, I was watching documentary, I was like, yeah, I knew one song. I didn't even know they were this big. And they were like the biggest band in the world. Nine nine. How long do you think this reunion's gonna last? Will they put over under, I'm gonna say one and a half concert? Do they have to go to a different country? Probably. It feels like a lot of the beef always starts whenever they have to fly anywhere. If Okay, if got A beef in America, Spain, one, one a time. I'm guessing the first concert's gonna be in England somewhere. Yeah, they'll Stay Together. The second one, let's just say hypothetically it's Scotland.


If they have to come to America for a tour, it will not last. They won't make it over that, that body walk. Absolutely not. Did you See a, where is it If it's drivable? If It's drivable They do. If they separate cars there. Yeah. Our colleague Dante, the Don had a very funny, okay, my favorite. This is Dante the Don, my favorite Liam Gallagher story from 2017 Lollapalooza. They stick him with the worst slot of the weekend. 4:00 PM Friday, I show up at three, get on side stage show, pumped for the show. He goes on immediately starts bitching out his sound guy and guitar player three songs later says, fuck this. And walks off stage. Yeah. He does that all the time. He's just like, I'm not doing this. And He's, he's talented enough where he can keep getting away with it. He did that. I think he, they were supposed to do like MTV unplugged and he, he, he said, I just don't like how acoustic sounds.


Yeah. I like it. And just didn't do it right before The, the documentary I part of I liked. 'cause they, they were right before the internet and technology. So like, they were really like the last kind of like big rock star. Yeah. Liam Gallagher is a rock star And the new Beatles Doesn't Yeah. Doesn't Give a fuck. Yep. Okay. Back. Who's back? You're back. Who's back? I got a couple who's backs of the week. My first is Logan Paul. Yeah. Logan Paul's back. Yeah. Wait, when he pushed his dog. Yeah. Apparently he pushed his dog off a speeding boat. Yeah. That was bad. I saw that. So that he could then rescue his dog and then get a lot of hits on video for being like, oh look, my dog fell in the lake and I saved it. Yeah. But you can see his arm pushing his dog. Yeah. That was bad jail. Really Bad prison. Now I wanna see Mike Tyson beat the fuck out of him.


Noted dog lover. Mike Tyson. You'd Think the videos, the amount of videos they've done and like different height. Like they could figure out a way to push a dog off a boat without having to be so obvious. Yeah. Not that I'm condoning that, but I'm saying it was so obvious that he did that. It should have been like somebody else's arm. And then the video is, yeah, I beat this guy up and saved my dog, but I beat him up because he pushed his dog. We left him for dead in the water. Yeah. Yeah. So my other, who's back the week? Cute Dog by the way. Very cute dog. My other who's back of the week is Jamis Winston. Yes. Jamis Winston. For some reason he's still in charge of giving all the pre-game speeches to the Browns. Even though he's not technically QB one. But he is pre-game QB one. I Think he's Heart and Soul QB one. Deshaun Watson is I, what, what's gonna happen this year with him?


I don't know. I don't what we're, We're gonna do some previews coming up, but like Deshaun Watson has to be one of the biggest question marks. Is he good still? We don't know. No one knows. We don't know if he's good or not. He had a couple games last season where he looked like, okay, that was, that looked like an NFL quarterback. Right. And then a lot where it was like, this guy stinks And he is got a great coach. He's got a great coach and Jameis is now in the building and Jamis will be the most popular person in that building. And his video, his pre pre-game speech videos continued to go viral. 'cause he talked about cece's Pizza in this one. Yeah. And. it just gives you goosebumps and you're like, I, I just want, I wanna get out there and play for Jamis. He's the best. Yeah. So Jamis is the best. If they, so he gets paid $4 million a year and I think if he only acts as a motivational speaker, he's worth $4 million a year to have on retainer.


Yeah. When he retires. Just, just to give speeches, we, We'll hire him at parcel to just do That. Just give us speeches every single day. Yeah. Him and Ben Herbert, we, we we'll be the drill tweet. Yeah. Can someone help us with bar stools, finances, rent this, you know, sound equipment. This Ben Herbert trainer, 10 million Jamis Winston, 4 million and all they do Pregame speech Jamis pumps us up and then Ben Herbert makes us harder to break. I Just, I would love to. Yeah. It, it is worth paying Jamis Winston $4 million a year just for vibes. Agreed. And that's what they're doing. Agreed. Okay. My who's back of the week is hilarious. Hit pieces that don't really land. Now this is very, very specific, but not to get political, but if anyone is paying any attention, RFK dropped out and then endorsed Trump and then there was a bunch of people coming out against R fk, his own family.


Again, not to get political, I just saw one story that made me laugh that I thought was good for the show. There was a explosive bombshell that was dropped that is titled RFK Junior Accused of being a cocaine dealer at Harvard University. As former classmate speaks out. And it's just this dude who's apparently been sitting on this for like 40 years that he is like, yeah, I bought $40 worth of cocaine from RFK in college. I don't know If you, you, you realize that that does not help being like, this guy sucks. So it was, he said that his excuse for it was I was offered to purchase cocaine from a Kennedy. Yeah. So I did it. It's like, yeah, that's, I would, I would've done the same thing. The whole point Of a hit piece is to be like, we all now feel bad.


Like we feel like this person's a scumbag. You're like, yeah, 40 years ago this guy sold me coke. It's like, oh, that kind of rocks. I did read it at the very end. It, it put it in a note saying like, the point, the reason why I'm writing this right now is because Trump has suggested the death penalty for, for drug dealers. How do you feel about endorsing guy that would've had you killed when you were 18? It's like, I'm sure he still, I sold me coke in College. Cool. I'm sure I still would've done it. Yeah. He he's a fucking Kennedy. Yeah. That's what they do. He Probably was the coolest guy at Harvard. They break the law. That's what they do. So, so I just, it made me laugh and I I like, again, we don't talk politics on the show, but that political Now did you story definitely made me laugh 'cause it was just so ridiculous. The the biggest back. This guy has been sitting on this.


Did you see the He literally was a story. Yeah. Did you see the other story story though, finally coming forward about the whale? No. Oh yeah. Chain saw the wa the whale was a, a much more normal store. Very Chain saw one. So He took his daughter to goals. He found like a beached whale that was dead. And he took his daughter to the beach and used a chainsaw to cut off the whale's head. And then bungee cord, the head of the whale to his minivan and whale juice started leaking into the car. Oh my God. Onto his daughter. Jesus. That's, he's a weird guy. Pretty normal. That's pretty normal I'd say. Yeah. He's a weird guy. But yeah. Coming out and being like, guy sold me coke in college. Got 'em. Wow. I'm gonna change everyone's mind now. You gotta Lead with the whale story. Alright, Huey, finish this off My, who's back conference realignment.


The Yukon Huskies. Yes. Are are seems like they're trying to get into the Big 12 and they're, they're big pitches that they'll spend more money on football particularly. And that Big 12 is very bullish on basketball and they want more basketball to be a little bit higher of an income for them. They tried to go after Gonzaga a couple years ago that did not work out. So now they're, they're trying to go after a Hurley and, and the Huskies and trying to bring in some basketball eliteness to that conference. Max. Max, what do you think about the idea of Yukon switching conferences? You would love it. Hate it. Hate it. You would love, love It. Hate it. Absolutely hate it. Alright, so this would suck because I do love like the Big East as it's currently set as a basketball conference.


And Hurley's talked to us before about, you know, like Northeast, the Italian League, all that stuff. It would suck. It also would make the big 12, the greatest college basketball conference of all time. And I'd like, it just would 'cause it would, now you'd have Kansas, you'd have Yukon, you'd have Arizona, like Cincinnati. It'd be just crazy college basketball. Every single Baylor. So I don't want it to happen is I want UConn to stay in the Big East, but I also realize that the Big 12 would just be so fucking good with basketball. But I, I don't want to happen. No, I don't want to happen. I don't want happen Because you, you have, you have these thoughts in your head of like things that are just known to be true.


Correct. All the time and will never, ever change. And that's Yukon is a big E school and that will never change. It's never changed. Even though they were in the east, it's never changed in the past. And it'll never be any different than that. But no, I don't want, I don't want that to happen. Yukon should be in the Big East. Yeah, they're home right now. Let's leave them home. Yeah, I did look at the get in price at Fog Allen for when NC comes to town. First time UNCs ever played at the fog. Do you know how much it costs to go to that game? $700. I think it's like 1800. Wow. Or like $2,000 just to get, just to get in the door of that game. We Gotta go to Fog Allen this year. Yeah. We've been talking to our, our friend Eric Chenowith. He's gonna take us there it seems. Want To go an Awesome place. Actually, you know what would be great is we could take a road trip in Vanny.


Yeah we could to the fog. So we'll be ready by the winter. Yeah. Really. But winter of what year have we have We, we'll circle back but yeah. Have we got the timeline up here? I got faith. That's subject to change. No, I Dunno. If Faith is faith a mechanic Faith fix a car that ha a van that hasn't driven summer's over Wheels are in motion. Summer's not overhanging. No. The wheels literally are not in motion. The wheels have not been in motion for five years. You're the one who keep, who always says hold on to summer. Oh Wow. Locked in Labor Day Summer's over. So I better not see golfing. Yeah, That's not, I mean you could the fall golf is the best. Golf What? All winter golf In Arizona.


Yeah. Summer's not over week After Super Bowl. Oh, Don't do this to us. Oh man. Yeah. I don't want this to happen either. It would suck. I also feel like Danny Hurley should like just get all his money and be out of his contract. If this happens, It should be in his contract that UConn stays in the Big East. Yeah. Yeah. And it. It was just so perfect that it was right before college football started. We're like, all right. New normal new conferences. No PAC 1212 team play out. Oh yeah. Here's another one. We're not done yet. That's why it's been my take from the beginning. Just get us to the finish line. Tell us when we're done with this stuff. Okay, let's get to our interviews. We have Marcus Freeman, head coach of Notre Dame fighting Irish and then Andy Staples talking college football.


And.


it is college football season. It's brought to you by Coors Light. Big rivalry game coming up. Choose chill with the world's most refreshing beer. Coors Light Mountain cold refreshment that can chill. Even the most heated rivalries when you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So you know when your mountain cold, refreshing is ready for you to choose chill when things heat up, choose chill, and then crack open a Coors Light. Coors Light is the one to choose when rivalries heat up. So when you're looking to cool things down and enjoy the game, choose chill and reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart or goPuff by going to coors light.com/take. Thank you to Coors Light, our wonderful sponsor. The coldest beer out there. The best beer out there. The best beer for college football.


Okay, here he is, head coach of Notre Dame. Marcus Freeman. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. It is head coach of the Notre Dame fighting Irish Marcus Freeman. They have a new series out called Here Come the Irish. It will be out August 29th on Peacock. Let's start with that coach. So basically hard knocks right for a college team. When you were approached with that, were you, were you like a little bit nervous about like, hey, do we really wanna do all access? Or what was your thought process behind having you guys do this show? Yeah, I think it's something we've talked about probably for about a year now.


And the first thing I think of is little bit you, you're protective of your team and hold on, I don't want episodes coming out throughout the season and our guys wondering why they're not in a certain episode or looking for characters and stories. But, you know, then we started talking more in depth about it and, and you know, they're gonna capture stuff from all year long, but they're gonna put 'em out at different times that really won't interfere with our season. And so that was a hundred percent good with that. But I've seen a glimpse in, in pieces of the first two episodes and I think it's awesome. They've done a well, a really good job of, of not only just showing the football side of things, but, but telling the stories of our players, showing, you know, some of the things that the fans and so some of those guys that aren't fans would, would like to know.


It's pretty entertaining. Yeah. So is gimme one guy that's, that's either on the team or on your staff that's gonna be a breakout star of this? 'cause every year in hard knocks we always get like one guy that we fall in love with we didn't know about, but it's like, oh my god, this guy's hilarious. I love that. Who's that person on, on Notre Dame Who's hilarious? I don't know Who's hilarious? Not who we hope and and he better be the breakout star or he better be the quarterback, you know? And if he's the breakout star, then you know what? Things are gonna go really, really well for us. Yeah. How's His hair? Is his hair as good as Sam's? No, he doesn't have the long hair. He's pretty clean cut. But he's got, Hey listen, he is a, he's got a unique personality, ultra competitive, but you know, I think him and Sam are two completely different individuals.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. How, How long would Sam take getting, you know, ready after a game in the shower, all the product Was he, was he always the last one out? You know what, I, I know that he was never out before me and I take a while 'cause I have to do media and some other things after a game and, and I always beat him outta in the locker room. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, you're, you're, you're quarterback Riley Leonard who last year he went through, you know, the injuries and everything. W was that part of it, like seeing how, because he's a gritty guy and he fought through a lot of stuff and he's kind of one of those perfect, like he's a gamer. Were you, when you were deciding, you know, transfer portal, you're like, this is a guy, we've played him, we know him and, and we know that he can fight through stuff.


Was that part of the process? Absolutely. That was part of the, the, the thought process when we ended up going after him. We played him obviously in season. You, you study him for weeks leading up to that game and in that game. And he's a tough competitor. You end up getting hurt at the very last play of that game. And then I hear about two weeks later, he bounces back and he was healthy. But he is an ultra competitor and that's a huge part of what we're looking for. Yeah. I I know you obviously we, we we're fans. We can gamble on games. That game was awesome 'cause Audra Keay ran that touchdown at the end. Yeah. I think the analytics would tell him to take a knee. Yeah, Yeah. But Maybe you guys root for him to score that touchdown.


For sure. Yeah. I mean, listen, If, you had a chance to score a touchdown. I, I understand the right move to to do is to take a knee there. Do you, do you tell the guys, like, because it's like you scoring a touchdown in a big time college football game, it's hard to turn that off. Are are you able to tell them before, like, Hey If, you break this, go down. Yeah. You know, in that situation, the analytics book would tell you to go down, but we were down, I think two points at that point. And I got a firm belief that like, you never want to take points off the board, right? And so you're down. I never tell our offensive team take a knee at the one yard line. I say, score now if we're tied or we're winning now we will alert you, Hey, alert down down. Because what we wanna do is kick a field goal with zero seconds on the clock.


And so that's, that's just where the analytics plays out. And as a head coach, you gotta make a decision. But we did not tell him to go down in that. Yeah. Yeah. That, I forgot you guys were down one, so it would've been Yeah. Oh yeah. That you're right. That would've been a weird situation to, obviously you can end the game with a field goal, but you never wanna take that risk. No, no doubt. Yeah, no doubt. So much can go on, can go wrong with, with any type of field goal, extra point. You, I can't take points off the board. Yeah. And we're very happy that, that he didn't go down at the one. Yeah. So shout out to him. Yeah. His points are goods. That should be your motto for the team. Points are always good. No one will ever complain about points. I, I saw that you were in, in camp, you were wearing a shirt that caught my eye. You were wearing a shirt that just said grit on it, which we appreciate.


We love grit on this podcast. We do a grit tour every year for the last eight years. And I'm curious to know what grit means to you at, at Notre Dame Football. Some of the haters out there might say Notre Dame football, not gritty. What would you say to the haters? You know what, we have to be gritty, you know, I don't know what some of those people would say about the past, but that's something we believe in. It's really the motto of our offense for this year. And matter of fact, I think I might have the T-shirt on right now, and I don't know If, you can see it. I think I got, Oh, there we go. Yeah. Grit. Grit. Love It. So, but yeah, it's the motto of our, our offense, you know, coach DRock, we just hired him this year to be our offensive coordinator and he brought that when he came. And I love it, man. It's a way for me to, to show our offense a little bit of support, but I'm a firm believer in if we want to have success, we better have grit.


And that's something that every person in this program needs to have. Yeah. So what, What does grit mean for your offense if it's an emphasis on, on your offensive mentality this year? Are we talking fullbacks? Are we talking like old school stuff? No, it's a mentality. It's a mentality. It isn't, I don't know if you're gonna see us in old school, two back ISOs and running the ball every play three yards in a cloud of dust. But you know what, again, it's a mentality. We talk about the g being, having gratitude for, for the opportunity that you have. But, but at the same point of it, like it's a mentality that I don't care if we're throwing the ball running a ball, we're, we're zone read, we're do whatever you're doing offensively, If, you don't have grit and that mentality, you're not gonna have success.


Yeah. So you're, you know, the head coach at Notre Dame football, you're under 40 years old. Incredible success. Does your dad still think you're not that big of a deal? It was funny, I was just talking to him today and I was telling somebody like, I, I still think, you know, my dad thinks I'm a little kid, you know, and, and, and that's just my dad's 80, but I have a 17, me and my wife have a 17-year-old son that just took an official visit. And I remember telling somebody else, like, I still view him as a little kid, so I don't know if it's something as parents or as fathers that we never just see our young children as, as adults or these grown men.


But he definitely still sees me as a young Marcus for sure. Yeah, because the, the, the famous story, when you guys were playing the Fiesta Bowl, there was a sideline report that, that your dad, even though you've had all the success in the world, doesn't think you're that big of a deal. Is that something like If you win a national title, will he be like, Hey, you're a big deal now. Are you waiting for that? I sure as hell hope so, man. You know, that would be an awesome opportunity to celebrate with him. But he's got a unique way of keeping you humble. Right? And, and he never lets you get too big. He reminds you, you know, where you've come from. But I mean, that's the relationship we have. You know, my dad was in the military for 26 years.


He was I think 43 when I was born. So we have obviously a little bit of an age gap between us, but I don't know if he'll ever change, man. That's just who he is until he is done on this earth. Yeah, that's, I mean, it's good. It keeps you humble. Yeah. Yeah. It's good to have somebody like that. Even if you're at the highest of highs professionally, your dad's like, you know what, like, you could have done a lot better. I, I feel like we need to look at the mistakes more than we looked at the, the successes there. You have another hater, by the way. I don't know if you're, if you're familiar with the trash talk that James Laurenti has been putting your way recently about college football. First of all, have you played college football 25? Absolutely. We have four boys at the house and two girls. So all four boys play college football.


And so I've played it a a few times with the kids for sure. Do you always play as Notre Dame? Most of the time. Funny story, last night I was telling somebody that I get home late, the kids are playing, one of 'em is using Notre Dame and he was like, dad, you wanna play? And I'm like, sure. And he was like, okay, I'm Notre Dame, you can't use Notre Dame. So I'm like, all right. So I end up getting Texas a and m and I'm like, after I'm playing with him, like, you know what, this is a good way to scout your opponent. I wanna see who the stars are and all those different things and how they work. So I don't know if I'll continue to do that, but most of the time I'm Notre Dame, but maybe during the week we play a new opponent, I'll start using them on college football. Yeah, I like that. Yeah, because, because Lauren and I just said that you weren't very good at playing at playing video games.


He said that he used to beat you, like every time that you guys played back in college, he said some very mean things about your video gaming ability. Actually, You know, and I listen man, like I don't think it was as bad as he tried to portray, but I know he won probably more than than I did for sure. But my point is like, you need to spend more time preparing, studying, getting ready for whatever we're getting ready for and less time playing that game. Yeah, That's a fair point. But I do like the angle of of taking your next opponent and just playing just college football 25 with em every single week just to get ready. Like you're scouting before the scouting. That's right. Exactly right. I'm like, this is genius, man. You can play a game, play with your kids, but also be able to say, okay, we're scouting our opponent. Yeah, yeah. That, I mean, the stadium pulse for, for, was it Kyle Field?


That's gonna be, that's gonna be an intense environment. If, you thought about that. Do, I mean, they have the 12th man, but Notre Dame has the real 12th man Jesus on their side. That's gonna be a tough environment to go into. Yeah, it's gonna be loud. You know, we've played in some tough environments, but the, the thing about it, you have to prepare for it. And so we have obviously a pretty loud speaker system here that you have to be able to plan, prepare, you know, something unique this year is that we have the, the coach to play or communication and, and you have to be able to prepare to be able to Hear that maybe with the crowd noise, but also there's times you might not be able to hear it. So we have to prepare for both of those things. But at the end of the day, like if we execute, it won't be as loud as we, we think it's gonna be.


Yeah. I got a tough question, but you're, you're such a compelling speaker and every time you, you post a video of you, you know, recruiting or talking to the guys, I'm like, man, I wanna run through, I I don't like Notre Dame, I'll just tell you that, but I wanna run through a brick wall. But your career was cut short because you have an en enlarged heart. How long did it take to kind of mentally get over that that was like, taken from you? 'cause that's gotta, it's gotta be really difficult to be like my body. I feel fine. I could play the game, but I can't anymore because the doctors found something. Was that, how, how long did that take for you to, to, to get over that? You know, I think at that time I was wrestling back and forth was like, man, how long am I gonna be able to play in?


If I had a couple knee injuries, I would've been on a couple teams. And, and I was kind of going back and forth. And then when the Colts called and said, Hey, we wanna sign you, I remember talking to my college coach and he was like, look, play as long as you can. And when they found the enlarged heart valve, like it's obviously something you don't want to hear and, and you're not expecting to hear, but as long it's like, man, this is a sign from God. Like, hey, enough is enough. You know, move on. You're not good enough to, to play in the NFL and, and let's, let's start this next chapter. So I remember driving home from Indianapolis and calling my coach and saying, listen, coach Tress, I'm a, I can't play anymore. I'm ready to be a, a graduate assistant. And he said, okay, show up first thing tomorrow morning at six 30 and we're gonna get started on this journey.


That's, I mean, that's the perfect next step. So do you, do you use it as a positive in recruiting ever where you're like, Hey, I can love you more than any coach. Like literally I try to use that maybe with my wife and, and maybe sometimes the kids, but definitely not using that in recruiting For sure. So we, we were lucky enough to interview Jim Tressel like seven or eight years ago. Has he instilled the love of punting into you at all? He is definitely a guy that values field position. Yes. And there's at times that, that I remember those things and remember that motto, but there's also times I'm a little bit more aggressive, you know, he was an offensive guy.


He's comes from the offensive side. You know, I'm a deep, I come from the defensive side of the ball, but I'm a little bit more aggressive than coach was. So I know there's times I go for it maybe on fourth that he's probably shaking his head and says, punt the football. But there's also times I remember that little birdie saying, Hey, punt the ball. Win the battlefield position. Yeah. He's obsessed with it. We like what we rattled off different situations. He'd just be like, oh yeah, that was a punt, incredible punt by us. Like we pinned him deep. It was, it was like the Sean McVey clips where he is like talking about a, a great play. He drew up and it's just Jim Tressel talking about punts. He said it Was the, the most beautiful play in sports because yeah, the, the possession switches on a punt. Both teams get possession of the ball and he was just obsessed with it.


He was the first person to ever, and I still use it to this day that told me the punt is the most important play in football. And that was something I heard for years and years. The most important play. The most important play. And now as the head coach, I still use it just because it's the one play you can guarantee at least around 40 yards a field position. And there are some, obviously some really positive signs of of having an elite punter and a really good punt unit. But there's a times on fourth down coach, I gotta go for it. Yeah. Speaking of Coach Tressell, have you had a conversation with him about today's college football and being like, man, this is different because this is, he's kind of the poster boy for like, can you believe this is what the NCAA did and now we're at a point where players are getting paid, which we're all in support of, but have you had that conversation with him?


Like, man, this is, it's nuts where we've ended up. Yeah, we, we've had many conversations and I think he's obviously accepted what, what's going on with the NCA and and, and how the game has changed and players getting paid. We don't really discuss, you know, obviously his situation and, and where we're at now. But you know, coach is such a, an outside thinker, right? Old school where he, he, I remember his advice to me was, now with guys getting paid transfer portal, you have to double down on relationships and brotherhood because you know what, you got guys from all over, you know, some are transfers for one year, some, some from, for two years. He's like, you have to double down on your brotherhood and, and getting these guys commit to Notre Dame and each other.


And so that's the most Jim Tressel response to NIL and transfer portal. But yeah, it's crazy how times have changed. Yeah, It is, it's wild to look back on that and, and think to yourself like there was a six month news cycle where people were pretending to get upset because college players got tattoos. It led off every show and people had to pretend to be mad about it. And we were sitting at home like, what is the big deal about this? Why are people so upset about it? Did you get any free tattoos? No. Nope. I didn't get any free tattoos. Okay. And I'll make sure I put that on the record right now. You Kind of looked to your left arm there. Yeah. Looked like you might have had a free, that's why I got long sleeves on, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You, you had a, a viral moment, it might have been last year or the year before where you were able to flip it on a reporter who was your son's coach.


Is that that? Yeah. Yeah. So how good did that feel? That must have been like, it's, it's ain't no fun. When the rabbit got the gun, you, you finally had your moment, but did he change any of his coaching? After you, you questioned him in the press conference? That might have been the only game I could have went to. It was during a bye week and I remember going out to seeing one of my kids play and, and I look and I'm like, man, his coach is one of our reporters and so I'm kind of just laughing and watching and he might've made some decisions that maybe I don't agree with and the result wasn't what I'm sure he wanted. So I remember yelling to him on the field like, Hey Tim, I'm a ask you about these plays tomorrow. I think he thought I was joking, but I had it written down.


I was ready to go after him a little bit. But it was all in good faith and good nature. Good dude. It just shows you a little bit of how small town, you know, south Bend is, is that, you know, you got a guy that can ask you questions in a press conference and next thing you know he's coaching one of your kids in a flag football league. But that's what makes it different around here. Yeah, it was a great moment. It was, I mean I feel like every coach probably watched that was like, man, I wish I had that moment because you just get to Foot out. The worst thing about it is, the worst thing about it is he did the ultimate no-No. And he started blaming his other coach. Yeah, it happened. I'm like, hold on now if I start blaming our coach, you guys are gonna write about me for days. So It was great to turn the table on if, If that ever happens again, I I I'll offer our publication Barstool Sports if you'd like to write a blog about his coaching decision.


Yeah. You should start just your own, your own newspaper and then you then you After you start calling for his job. Yeah, That's what we'll do. I won't, I won't waste time in a press conference. I'm just gonna write a blog about it for sure. Exactly. Perfect. A lot of people are calling for this guy's job, say he doesn't have what it takes. Yeah. Melting down in crucial moments. You go over every fourth down decision he makes. Yeah. Yeah. It would be good for you because then you get to think about it from the standpoint of a reporter too. And then you get to understand their point of view when they're questioning you later on. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Work both ways. Yeah. What, what's the, what's the key to recruiting? 'cause you are a great recruit, you've had great recruiting classes in your, your short time at Notre Dame.


You, like I said, when I watch videos, I, I'm, I'm not a Notre Dame fan, but I'm a Marcus Freeman fan. So what, like what is it that you think that you do better than other guys or you found has worked more? I think, you know, the, the thing I always believe in is you have to have something good to sell. You have to believe in what you're selling, but at the end of the day, it's gonna come down to relationships. And that is more important than anything. Can you get this young person and his family to trust you and your football program to lead their son for four years. And I'm actually going through it right now with my oldest son and he's gone on a couple official visits for wrestling. And I remember him coming home last night.


He got home from a, a visit last night and he was like, man, I really liked it. This was a great school. And I'm like, what about the official visit you took two weeks ago? He was like, yeah, that was good too. But at the end of the day I was like, young people can be persuaded in the moment, but who's gonna continue to develop relationships and pour into you after the visit? And that's what I was like, you know what, it's still about relationships. 'cause you can try to sell as much as you want on a visit and say let's get 'em to, to commit right now. But not many guys are just gonna do it on that moment. And so can you continue to double down, continue to develop relationships with that kid. So at the end of the day they're like, you know what, this is where I want to be.


And even after they commit, you have to keep doing it because everybody else is still recruiting him. Everybody else is trying to, to get that kid to come visit their place. And so you have to continuously recruit and develop relationships with that person until he gets here on campus. Yeah. Ha. Has the d recruiting, has that, has that like been affected at all with the rule changes? We've always heard in the past that once you get a guy to come to school, then you know, they show up, they get in camp and then all of a sudden you have to check his ego a little bit because in the past you've, you know, gassed him up, we need you here, you're gonna start here, you're gonna do great here. Then they get into practice and then now they have to be coached hard just like everybody else. Have you had to change that at all with the new rules about the transfer portal and all that? No, I haven't.


I don't, you listen, I don't intentionally try to dere recruit you, but I am honest and if there's times you need to be corrected or coached hard, we're gonna do that. Like, that's a part of trying to get the best outta you. And what I'm hoping is that the relationships we build in recruiting the relationships will continuously build here. Helps you understand that you know what, coach cares about me so he's getting on me. That's why we're doing it. When you just get on people and yell and scream and you don't have relationship with them and you don't tell 'em why. Yeah. They're gonna say, man, this dude is nuts. I don't wanna play for him. I'm ready to move on somewhere else. But If, you can continue to tell 'em why, have a relationship with them, but be authentic and coach 'em hard and coach 'em and coach others around them hard.


I think they'll truly respect that. And, and that's the way this program does it. Yeah. It's fair. So Big Cat, as he said, he's not a Notre Dame fan. He, you could say he is a Notre Dame hater. Yeah. I go back and forth. IIII Like you. I don't really feel that strongly one way or the other about Notre Dame, let's just say that Big, Cat and I are, we're we're brothers and we're in high school, we're 17 years old and we're five star recruits. How do you pitch us to come play football at Notre Dame? Mm, That's a great, great question. Great question. It's gonna start with, with explaining to you that every goal you have as a football player you can achieve at Notre Dame. Right. You can achieve I Wanna win my conference.


Yeah. Well then that's not a great, you wanna rather run a national championship or a conference? Well, yeah, that's what I gotta Yeah. One at a time. I don't wanna go To class. Well then you're not, you are definitely not coming to Notre Dame. Okay. That's, that's a part of it, right? Is that we gotta figure out what guys would fit here too. You know, and that's the one thing, like If, you talk to a guy or you look at his, his transcript and say, okay, he doesn't enjoy going to class, he's not gonna go to class, you have to move on. Yeah. Like, instead of trying to fight the, the university to get this person into school, you gotta move on 'cause they're not gonna succeed here anyway. You know? And so that's probably the most important thing to say, okay, everybody wants the great players. Every school in the country wants this pool of players. Okay, how do we figure out which one of these guys in this pool will fit at Notre Dame?


And then you just go after him as hard as everybody else, but everybody wants that kid. Yeah. Right? And so we have to figure out which ones want that and, and fit here and, and then just go after 'em. And, and one, like I said earlier, like I don't wanna teach in football. I want you to believe that you can achieve every goal you have in football here. But hold on, let me also show you to what else this place provides you. Like, 'cause at some point it's gonna be over. Yeah. As long as we all dream of playing like as long as Tom Brady. But there's one Tom Brady. And you have to understand like a place like this can truly set you up for life after football also. Okay. So we got off on the wrong foot as recruits, let's say. Okay. Hey coach, my goals in life are to play a little bit of college football, then be hired as like a financial analyst in Chicago by an alum from Notre Dame.


Do you think this is a place I should go? There's a no brainer. And I would, I would list every single one that has done that that we have in this network. I would get you on the phone with them Nice. Immediately. Nice. It would be over, over Sick. Maybe try my hand at doing like some college football analysis on like, I don't know, NBC for a couple seasons. And then guys, gimme layups. Now you're giving me lay, you guys will leave campus. I said they're done. We're they're coming to Notre Dame. Let's get somebody. I just wanna meet the Gox. I wanna meet, I want to, I wanna pet the Gox pugs. Yeah. And make that happen. Yeah, That's done. They'll be here on your visit. Okay. That's what we'll take on your visit. You get a chance to meet them. I I I got a dumb question and it's something I just never thought about.


You just named your captains, you got five captains this year. How is that process like working? Is it, is it difficult for you to have to whittle it down to be like, Hey, here's our five captains. Are there guys that you feel? Can you name, could you, if I were the coach, I'd be like, everyone's a captain, why not? But can you name like as many captains as you want or is there a rule? You gotta stick it to five, No four can walk out for the coin toss. But I just believe that, you know, the, the number of captains will be based off the voting and you'll, I I'm trying to, I'm not trying to give away one of the episodes of our here come the Irish, but that's gonna be on there how we did it. And basically to me, I describe what I believe a captain is what I believe a leader is.


And and it's not always what you think it is. And I was, I was saying, okay, If, you want this responsibility, you really want to do this. Stand up And. it was interesting seeing who really stood up and who wanted to, to be, had an opportunity to be named a captain. You know, not many people did it as you would think. Not as many people as you would think did it. And then what I gotta do after that is when you vote, I gotta say, okay, right, what's the right number? Okay, you gotta clump here. You got a clump here, you got a couple guys here. Like, what's the right number to truly lead this football team? And and that's how I came up with five last year it was four. I think my first year was three. And so I also don't wanna be a, a coach that has 10 captains.


Right? I want, okay, what's really a captain who fits this mode and we'll name 'em from there. This is why I'd be a bad coach. 'cause I would just take my best player who is eyeing the transfer portal and just slap that C on him and be like, can't leave now. Dude, you're the captain. Whatcha Gonna do? Oh my gosh. You would lose all credit of what a captain is. Yeah, but I'd keep that player. I'd keep that player. You can't leave. That's right. Every Player would threaten to transfer. Like every week coach, I'm thinking about going to, You'd come in my office, be like, yeah, I'm thinking about going to Alabama and I just pull out the sea from underneath my desk. Be like, what about this? Here you go. It's the last is C can pay a little NIL money or Not? Maybe. Maybe. Yeah. It's like a pinata. It's a giant C that you hit. Yeah.


Coach, this is probably a dumb question for me too. 'cause again, I don't know that much about Notre Dame football, but when people say wake up the echoes, are we wake, are they awake this year? Are we going to wake them up? What does wake up The echoes mean They're up, they better be up. I I think really it's just a credit to the past, right? Wake up the echoes, those that have been here, those that believe in this place. Listen, I didn't come up with the slogan. I've embraced it all in, you know, but I don't know where the slogan originally came from. You know, We gotta wake. So the, so the echoes were asleep, but then you gotta wake up the echoes. Is it, am I getting that right? Like they were asleep at some point and then it's your job to wake up the echoes on a weekly basis.


Yeah. That, that sounds good to me. I really have never asked what the heck that slogan means. You might hear me say it every once in a while, but listen, that description sounds really, really good. Okay. Yeah. You just gotta be loud. That's what I'm hearing. The echo are loud. Just get no hear, hear the part of it. It's a part of our fight song. Yeah. You know, it's a part of the song. And so that's probably where they, they got it from. They took the slogan, but the meeting behind it, that sounds pretty good. Do You ever like catch, you know, like on a fall day, like you catch the wind and you're like, wait, was that an echo or was that No, that wasn't an echo. No. Okay. Yeah, because everyone, Notre Dame is one of those. TII don't like Notre Dame, but I've said it three times now.


I do like when Notre Dame's in the mix. It's fun when Notre Dame is in the mix. It's good for college football. Something about, you know, the gold helmets. It's just, it is college football And it that I guess that would be waking up the echoes. Yeah. We're I guess we will wake 'em up. Yeah, I'll wake them up for, I wouldn't mind having the, I Wanna then put 'em back to sleep, but we'll wake 'em up. Yeah. They should be awake. Coach you have special access to like old Notre Dame game film. Like how far back does that go? Yeah, you can black and white and I, you could find any Notre Dame game film. I don't sit here and watch a lot of, no, I don't go way back that far. But you have access to anything you want around here. Have you gone back to see if Rudy was off sides? No, I just listen whatever the movie shows is what I believe.


Okay. You know, That's fair. Now other, not everybody's gonna believe that. Right. I've heard some, some many people say he was off size, but the movie doesn't say that, so I'm gonna go with what the movie says. Yeah, I think that's Smart. Yeah. So I I I went to Wisconsin, I'm a badger. You obviously coach with Luke Fickle at Cincinnati. What? He's a psycho what, what, what would you say like his best attribute is and maybe the most psycho thing he does because I, I obviously love him and I hope, you know, he has tremendous success. But what is it like being around him? You're, he's, he's demanding, but he, he does care about young people. Man, he's tough. One of the toughest dudes I know, obviously a wrestler played nose guard at Ohio State, very demanding of, of those around him.


But the same demands that he puts on those around him, he puts on himself. But he will, he will continue to make sure that program is, is truly reaching his full potential. He's gonna get everything out of those guys and the coaching staff there. So he actually coached me as a player at Ohio State Yeah. When I was a locker there. And so our relationship goes back many, many years and, and I wouldn't be in this position if it wasn't for the things he taught me in our years together. So I have a lot of respect for him and look forward to see what he does in, in, in Wisconsin. Did he Ever challenge you to a wrestling match? No, I, I'm not stupid now. Okay. You know, there's, there's a lot of stories I've heard about him as a wrestler and that's just one of those op opportunities that I'll pass up for sure.


Who, Who do you think would win in a fight? Luke Fickle or Mike Vrabel. Ooh, I, I, I plead to fifth. Oh, I really, but I would pay a lot of money to watch that. Yeah. Vrabel, we had him on a, a month ago. He said he could, he could whoop 'em. I don't think so. Yeah. vrs is very confident about his ability to be fick hiss ass. Yeah. I Don't think that's, I bet you both those two will both say they're gonna whoop each other. Yeah. And that's only, listen, you only, the only way to figure out who wins that one is they gotta go after it, man. Yeah. They're gonna start fighting and then they'll be like, I really enjoy fighting you. And then they'll just stop the fight and be best friends again. I feel like that's how it's gonna work between the two of them. I, as a defensive guy yourself, like I, I feel like a lot of coaches go through this.


If they come up, you know, on the defensive side of the ball, former player, they get elevated to a head coaching position and they feel like, okay, I can't be like the full blown defensive psycho that I used to be in the past because now I'm in charge of the entire team at that point, do you hire somebody on your defense to fill that role of being just the crazy guy that's gonna be able to, to dial up that intensity a little bit? Or are you staying the same person going from defense to being the head coach? Yeah, I think the intensity you coach with doesn't change If. You're the coordinator head coach are, you're gonna, if you're an intense person, you're gonna coach with intensity, you're gonna have the energy and emotions, but at the end of the day, you're gonna hire somebody as your defense coordinator that can get the job done.


And we've done that here. We got a great defensive coordinator and al golden. But you know, I'm not looking for somebody to just be a rah rah guy. I want somebody that's really good and you know, we got one here. Yeah. Alright, coach, I know you gotta run in a second last question from me,


Rollback. Question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com.


Quick analytics question for you. You're down 14 and it's the fourth quarter and you score with three and a half minutes left. Are you going for two or are you kicking the extra point? Kicking the extra point? Oh no. Yeah, That's wrong. Just so you know, it's a math thing. That's what you're, that's that's what your analytics book will tell you. Yeah. It's a math thing. So, or do you not Well I I should have said, do you not trust your two point play? No, I just don't know if I, you know, if I want to use it at that moment. Yeah, you do wanna use it at that moment. Remember this conversation, this will happen. So Yeah, I know what the book would tell you.


I know what the book would tell you. The book would tell you to go for two So. if you don't get it, you have more time to try to do it on site. Get it Again. No, no, no, it's not on site. Kick it. So you, you two point conversion If, you have a good two point conversion, it's probably over 50% success. Yep. You go for two If, you get it the first time, then you can win the game with an extra point. If, you don't get it. The analytics say you're gonna get it the second time statistically. Yeah. Or you can say, Hey listen man, we make two extra points, we'll go to overtime. Oh no coach. I, I Like, that's, you're an exact reason I don't, I, that's why there's a lot of great things out of that book. But there's also No Some, some head coach decisions that I gotta make that definitely, I I can't always go by the book.


Alright, so promise me this. When, whenever this situation comes up and you kick the extra point and you lose in overtime, you have to come back on Pardon, My Take just so we can be like, see Oh, we do that and then if we win and then if we win, then what? Then what do I get outta It? Lucky you got lucky. Yeah. Yeah. You got lucky. That's how we do. We're not gonna The If, You come here, you'll come to a game, you'll wear your a Notre Dame jersey and be on a side. I I like, I like fine If, you win that way. I'll do that. I like your Train of thought though, which is like, if we get to overtime, there's more football, we're a better football team, we'll probably win in overtime. I love it. Hadn't thought about it, but If you were a better football team. You wouldn't been down 14. But I would rather That's okay. That's a fair point too. Yeah. But I like the idea. I I still like the idea that nerds aren't always right in football.


Yeah, Yeah. It's still game. I mean, listen, there, there, there are analytical studies and opinions out there and, and when you should go for it on fourth, when you should go for two point conversions, but there's also a human element to it, you know, and, and I have to, at the end of the day, use my best judgment on what I believe is right for that right situation. And then again, there's a situation where I totally a hundred percent agree with the book. Yeah. Right. Use the book. But there's also times where, you know what, I gotta make sure that I make a decision that I believe is best for the team in that game. And, and that's actually on, on me coach because like obviously you're synonymous with Notre Dame now you're the head football coach. I forgot you didn't go to Notre Dame.


You have an Ohio State education. So those type of numbers you'd have to take off your shoes and your socks to count to 14. I hear you man. I know that Wisconsin degree did you really? Well, brother, I'll look at me now. I I got one last, last question for you. It's another analytics question. Okay. So you're in the fourth quarter in this scenario and you're losing 31 to 23. You have the ball, there's two minutes, nine seconds left to play. It's fourth down and goal and you're on what the eight yard, eight yard line? You're on the eight yard line Fourth. And goal is lost Again. You already lost, hold on. Okay, say this one more time. You Down eight. Okay. And it's fourth. It's it's fourth and eight on the eight yard.


Fourth and goal on the eight yard line. Okay. And there's two minutes, nine seconds left in the game. Fourth down. Do you kick a field goal to bring the, the margin from eight to five A one score game to a one score game With two minutes, nine seconds left? Or do you go for a touchdown and then you could maybe get a two point conversion tie the game, I'm, I'm going for it and answer the good answer. The the reason is, is that even If, you kick the field at some point you gotta stop him. Yep. Right. If we don't get the the the first down, guess what? We gotta stop him. I forgot to mention too, in this scenario, Tom Brady is the quarterback of the approaching team. Yeah. Yeah. He's the best quarterback to ever play. Hypothetically, hypothetically. So it's pro, it would probably be tough to stop him. You're right. So I think you made the right call.


Yeah, you made the right call. You could be an NFL head coach. Yeah, you got it. I bet you. What did the book say? Go for it. Yeah, yeah, go for It. It says go for it. Yeah. Do the opposite of what Matt Lour did. Yep. Okay, so coach, thank you so much everyone tune in. It's gonna be great. They basically have their own hard knocks. It's gonna be awesome on Peacock August 29th. Really appreciate you coming on and I will stand to it. If, you win a game in the scenario that I laid out, I will go to a Notre Dame game with a Notre Dame hat on and everything and cheer and wake up the echoes. But If you lose in that situation. You gotta come back on and answer to us. No doubt about it man. Okay, let's, let's happen. At least we might be in your head now if that situation comes up, that's all we care about.


Yeah, I might have to go over two now. Think about exactly What. Yep. Yep. Alright. Thanks so much coach. Appreciate your time. Awesome Man. Thanks. It's been fun, man. Good to see you guys. All right. Take Care. See you man. Good luck.


Marcus Freeman was brought to you by our great friends at Gametime. I have huge news about the Gametime app. They've got something brand new. It's called Gametime Picks Football Seasons here. We can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. We can't make it to mini Sunday games. I'm actually looking at going to that Monday night game. Bengals and the Commanders get a chance to go out and see some football live in person. Or if you're looking to attend the opening kickoff game, the Chiefs and the Ravens Big Cat. How much is that with Gametime Picks? All right, so you can get in for two 40, which is great, but you also with you hit the Gametime picks feature at the top and I'm seeing some awesome seats for 5 23 that look like they're gonna be right in the end zone. High up looking right at the banner or 3 0 1 is on the 35 yard line on the, on the, on the high up section, which I think that's the best place to watch football. That's Pretty good. So what Gametime Picks does, it filters out all the fluff And. it shows you only the best deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Pull up your chosen event, turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or you can browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Let's get those Chiefs Ravens tickets. So let's get ready for football season. Get 'em with Gametime Picks. That's how you find the best seats on the Gametime app. Download the Gametime app today. Use promo code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? It's Gametime.


Marcus Freeman was also brought to you by the farmer's dog. I love the farmer's dog. Blake loves the farmer's dog. He's a farmer's dog dog. He's so excited for breakfast, so excited for dinner. Never have to worry about redirecting him back to his bowl. He doesn't leave anything for later. He sits down, he eats his farmer's dog breakfast and dinner every day and he absolutely loves it. I know Stella's a farmer's dog, dog as well. It's great food. The days are warmer, the walks are longer. And one easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from the farmer's dog. The farmer's dog makes real fresh dog food and delivers it right to your door. The recipes are developed by Vet Nutritionist made from real meat, real veggies, portioned just for your dog. Making easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls and feed your dog real dog food, real food with real benefits. It's not on the script right here, but I have noticed that his poop is very, very, very small. It's smaller than it was when he was on the kibble. Smaller than other dogs. His size easy cleanup after the Farmer's dog isn't just fresh high quality food. They also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog based on their unique needs. It's smart, healthy pet food that you can feel good about Feeding your pup dogs at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs Help your best friend. Be your best friend for longer. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Go to The Farmer dog.com/pmt and you get 50% off. That's half off at The Farmer dog.com/pmt.


And now here's a good friend Andy Staples. Okay, we now welcome on our good friend Andy Staples for a little college football preview. Andy Staples from the On three Network. You can listen to his podcast. It is college football season, Andy, we're very excited. Let's start Big picture. This is our first year with the 12 team playoff. So how do you think that's going to affect the regular season? I've heard it, you know, there's, there's two camps. Regular season doesn't matter as much. I'm in the camp of, we're now gonna get games that are elimination games in November that never would've had a shot to be that a two lost team versus a two lost team.


Maybe even a three lost team versus a two lost team kind of things where we get more games that meet mean more towards the end of the season. Yeah, both camps are correct. Big Cat. but it's not, it's not gonna be the regular season Doesn't matter anymore. Like that camp is wrong ultimately. But they're right in the fact that you don't have the nuclear impact right. Of say the Kick six or Michigan, Ohio State last year would would be a good example of that where they're just like, okay, you're out. That's it. Right. But what you're gonna have is a lot more elimination type games like the Big 12. Any game that affects who gets into the Big 12 championship game is a playoff elimination game.


Yeah. Yeah. And that's, that could be, you know, four games a week in November. Yeah, yeah. No, I, I'm excited for the Big 12. The big 12 is is feels like it's with all the align realignment, which is a bummer and losing the PAC 12, which is a bummer. I'm happy that the Big 12, at least on paper feels like it's still gonna be the chaotic conference. That's just gonna be week to week. You have no idea. Some high scoring games. I need the big 12 to keep that mo for college football. Yeah. Y yeah. And, and guys like you guys are gonna love that. 'cause you, you just love watching good games. Like it doesn't have to be big name brands.


And that's why I keep trying to tell people about the Big 12, everybody's, so even like I can make a case for 10 of the 16 big 12 teams to win the championship this year and go go to the college football playoff and like I could argue it pretty convincingly for all 10. And that's gonna be great once we get down into October and November and then, you know, I I think people will fall in love with that as we go on. So that the new big 12 is, is fun. I think the new SEC is just out of its mind. Like insane what these games are gonna be. I mean you think about Georgia, Texas and, and you got Georgia going to Alabama. You've got Texas and Texas a and m playing again.


You've got Oklahoma playing LSU like these, these matchups that are gonna become standard regular season matchups just are mind blowing me right now. Yeah, Yeah. It's gonna be great once we get into it. I mean, conference realignment, it's bad for a whole lot of reasons. It's, it's confusing. I think it, it loses some of the stuff that makes college football great that we love about college football. But when it comes down to it on Saturdays when we sit down on our couches, we're gonna see these two teams like Georgia and Texas playing each other in conference in Austin. And we're gonna be like, okay, this is fun. I can, I can at least acknowledge that. So I guess we can start with the SEC. Let, let's talk SEC, there's a lot of good teams.


I think that the Longhorns have a chance. Their hardest game is Georgia at home. They do have to travel to Michigan obviously, and they lost their big boys up front on defense. But who do you like in the SEC right now? Who's your top team? So I, I still like Georgia in the SEC and I'm much higher on Alabama than I think most people are. Same. I don't think they drop off that much. I remember going up there in the spring and wa just looking at the, the amount of aliens walking around on the field. It hasn't changed. Yes, they did lose Caleb Downs to Ohio State and that's a, that's a big loss. Like Caleb Downs was the best player who entered the transfer portal this off season. But there's still top three in talent in the whole country.


I think it's them Ohio State and Georgia in some order. And so I think they could be very good and their schedule is not, you know, like Georgia's schedule where they have to go to Tuscaloosa, to Ole Miss to Texas. I think they got a worse draw that than Alabama did. So I I think Alabama could be very good. Could be an SEC championship game type team. Texas can definitely make the SEC championship game, which remember no more east and west. This is like top two. They just came up with its tiebreakers last week and yeah, there's a random draw at the end, which I just, I I want 'em to do a coin flip at a truck stop if, if they get to that. but it, it will be pretty crazy at the top of the SEC because you have all those teams and then like in the SEC in the Big 10 schedules matter so much more.


Yeah. What did you draw like Texas of the ones that were like Texas, Georgia, Alabama, Ole Miss, Texas and Ole Miss probably got the, the best draws of those two. Missouri and Tennessee got pretty good draws. Oklahoma got screwed. LSU got screwed and in Florida they just basically backed over with a bulldozer. Yeah. Well Florida and Florida's probably not gonna be very good regardless. And They're, they're, they're not gonna be as good as those teams I mentioned. but it doesn't matter with that schedule. I I I, I like the Alabama take 'cause I was thinking about it, you know, obviously it's gonna be very bizarre not seeing Nick Saban on the sideline, but is there a chance that with Kalen Debore taking the job, who's had success everywhere he is gone.


The Jalen Millrose is actually gonna be a lot better. 'cause you know, he struggled last year at times. I was at that Texas game when he couldn't complete a pass. But Kalen Debo is, he's gonna throw it deep. That's what his offenses do. Jalen Millrose is probably the best deep passer in college football. His problem is throwing it 10 yards over the middle. It like, I think Alabama's offense is gonna be like insanely explosive and something like you saw maybe five years ago when they had that wide receiver room, that was probably the best wide receiver room in the history of college football. Now they don't have the wide receiver room Right, right now though. They, they like some of their young guys. There's a freshman named Caleb Odom that they love. But I, I think they could have a very good of offense.


I think Jalen Mill is gonna be better this year no matter what happened. Because think about what happened last year. Guys like Tommy Rees is the new offensive coordinator. He comes in, they're not really sure who their guy is. They're like, okay, we guess it's Jalen Monroe. And they go with him for the first couple games, they lose the Texas game. And I'm still not convinced they didn't go, you know what, we're tired of hearing you guys yell at us about the quarterback. We're gonna start these, we're gonna start one of the other guys and see what, and you'll see what we've been seeing. Yeah. And so they start Tyler Buckner against USF, they play him and Ty Simpson and it's like, see he's sick. No role was the best option. Yes. Yeah. Yes. And I just, yeah, I think Alabama people, because of the Saban part, maybe they're a little underrated for the first time in a long time where I, I still think they're gonna be a really, really tough team and that offense is gonna be explosive.


What about Tennessee? 'cause Tennessee's got, they've got some, some big boys. It feels like they're finally kind of putting it all, you know, they got the quarterback they want. Do you think this is, you know, the Tennessee fans being like, Hey, feels like 98. Can we actually have it feel like 98? I I think they're feeling pretty good right now in Tennessee. Th this is, you know, James Pearce Jr's their best player. He's a, he is an edge rusher, probably a top 10 draft pick next year. Deepest defensive line they've had since I was a baby beat writer covering Tennessee. And they had John Henderson and Albert Haynesworth and Will Overstreet. Like th it's been a long time since Tennessee's been that stacked on the D line. And then offensively Nico Iba takes over a quarterback and this is a, like a great test case.


'cause Nico's like the first big NIL deal, the first guy who went to a place where maybe you didn't expect him to go because he got a big NIL deal. And I actually think their offense is gonna be quite a bit better than it was last year because basically they had to give up the middle of the field. 'cause Joe Milton couldn't do a lot of the things that they needed him to do to run the full offense. Joe Milton didn't have a lot real good, good instincts on the, on the read option mesh. He, he didn't do a lot of, you couldn't do a lot of RPO stuff. Nico can do that. Nico also has much better improvisational skills, which that was what made Hendon hooker so good in this offense is if some stuff broke down, he could find you five or six yards instead of it being an incomplete pass, an interception or a five yard loss.


Like he could just find a a, a little bit of a positive gain. Nico's gonna be able to do that too. And I think that helps Tennessee. I also think Tennessee's schedule helps. Like I didn't see State week two. That's pretty tough. But if they can go two in one, and this is not an easy stretch by any occasion, but if they go two and one against Alabama, Georgia, and Oklahoma, they're going to the playoffs. Yeah. Like, they're gonna be 11 and one or 10 and two and they're going to the playoff. But I, I think they're talented enough to do that. Georgia's the, the kind of bugaboo for them. It just, they've never really matched up well against them. Yeah. So what's, what's going on in Georgia there? Obviously they, quarterbacks coming back again, right back. He's got some, some experience there back and then there's been, how do we say it like off the field on the road issues?


Yes. For the Georgia Bulldogs recently. Is that any different than what happens all across college football? Or is this a problem that is and maybe the turn a blind eye to it in a lot of places? Or has this just been a Georgia problem? It's worse because Georgia had a traffic incident where two people died a couple years ago and that, that's, that magnifies it quite a bit. But I remember like when I was a Florida beat writer covering the urban Meyer teams, I just skipped past all the traffic stuff. 'cause there were so many more serious arrests to deal with. Right. But yeah, every team deals with this traffic stuff With Georgia, you'd think though, you've had this, you lost one of your teammates, you know, he lost his life. And you still have guys that are, that are driving very, very fast at times.


Like in the hundreds, which I get it. Like college students do that. Especially when you have NIL money or you have a deal with a dealership that gets you a Hemi that can go 150 miles an hour. Like I get it. But at a certain point when the coach is like, just knock it off, like maybe you do and I'm actually questioning Kirby Smart's pull in the city of Athens and Clark County in the state of Georgia. Because I would assume that Kirby Smart having won two of the last three national titles, could have probably gotten a mass transit system built in Athens by now. Yeah. Or I'm a little, I'm, I'm a little worried about his, his level of juice. Yeah. Or just build a road that goes that only only Georgia football players hyper can use.


Hyper is like the Audubon but just, yeah, just for Georgia football players, you can get on it. It's a straight line. Go as fast as you want. They actually have a bypass in Athens and If. you ever driven around Athens? There's not really a lot of traffic or people like, they could just repurpose that circular bypass for that purpose. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna talk real quick about the A CC. I love this conference this year just because it feels like every quarterback has transferred into this conference. Like to the point where Kyle McCord, who was Ohio State starting quarterback last year, is now Syracuse, but Cam Ward is electric from Washington State is at Miami. Grayson McCall, who we all know is now at NC State.


Who, who, who, like what's the team that you look at here and and is a CCA multi, multi-team in the playoff type of league this year? That's a good question. That's really up to the likes of Miami and Florida State and NC State and, and Louisville can, can there be a second team that is really good? Like you, you're to make that happen, you need a championship game that's essentially like an 11 and one team against a 10 and two team and the 10 and two team wins, right? Yeah. Like you gotta have that. Miami has the roster and the schedule for that Cam Ward everybody's excited about. I know everybody's excited about him. I realize he was the top ranked quarterback in the portal.


I will tell you from watching Cam Ward through the years, it's a little feast or famine there. Yeah. So we're gonna find out like Cam Ward's first game is at Florida. It's gonna be very loud. They probably have the better roster, but we're gonna see how he deals with that. You're right. And if he can then I, I'm very confident about them against this schedule. I mean, you look at it, they should not go worse than 10 and two against this schedule. And then if let's say they lose to Florida State, Florida State is again the best team in the a c which is possible, then you could have them rematch in the ACC championship game, both with really good records and maybe both get in. But NC State's in there.


We'll see what happens with Clemson because Clemson's gonna have a really good defense. But they're gonna need, you know, one of those freshman receivers to be really good. Kade k Clubnick at quarterback's gonna have to get better. They're playing Georgia right outta the shoot. I I'm, I'm wondering what the takes are gonna be. Yeah. After that Georgia game. 'cause Clemson is one of four teams in the FBS that did not take a single transfer outta the transfer portal. The other three are all service Acade. So Clemson's the only one that doesn't require a Congress person to help you get in. That didn't take anybody. Yeah, I'm, I'm excited for that Florida State Clemson game. The, the DJU in Gully revenge game.


That will be fun. 'cause it does, like, you look up and down the, the entire a CC and it's just guys you know, who are somewhere else. Obviously CK Clem Nick is still at Clemson, but it, it's gonna be a fun league because on paper it looks like they have some good quarterbacks who played big time football who kind of like, it was kind of like the PAC 12 last year where it was just like, you look up and down the PAC 12 and everyone's got a quarterback they feel good about who's been in these big spots And watch Virginia Tech. Yeah. Their quarterback is Kyron Drones who, who transferred from Baylor before last season, And. it sort of took him about half a year to get it, kind of figured out how, how it worked with him. But they, they've got him and then they brought in Colin Slee who was Sean Lewis' quarterback at Kent State a couple years ago.


He was at UCLA last year. But If, you look at the 2022 season, what quarterback played the best at Georgia? That was Colin Lee. So he's their backup. So they should be a little bit confident to be able to run drones, which he's a very good athlete. And I, I just remember I was at the a CC spring meetings this past May and whether it was coaches or adss or people who just really cover the league thoroughly, every one of them was like watch out for, for Virginia Tech this year. Yeah. He's got, he's got a big arm too, right? Drones, Kyron Drones Absolutely has a big arm. And you know, we, we'll just say the Brent Pry sort of has gotten his legs as a head coach. It was, it was a little shaky at first. Like you weren't sure this was gonna work out.


And then kind of halfway through last season, it seemed like he figured some stuff out. Tyler Bowen, their offensive coordinator who had not been an offensive coordinator before this job, he kind of figured some stuff out. So I I think they could be considerably better. Yeah. What about Duke? Duke seems like they might be, I don't, I don't wanna say good, but I'm interested by Duke because Yeah, I don't think Manny Diaz, right? Yeah. I don't think Mike Uncle left the Cupboard Bear. And then you look at, when Manny Diaz took over, they had several guys enter the transfer portal and then say, you know what, I think I'm gonna stay here. And they bring in Malik Murphy, the, the transfer from Texas who, who started two games for Texas when Quinn, yours was hurt last year. And one 'em both. They're, they're gonna be tricky. Yeah, they're gonna be tricky. 'cause I don't, I don't think Mike Elko leaves and they just fall off.


And I also think Ma Manny Diaz, I'm glad he's gotten another shot of the head coach because I think Mario Cristal's first two years at Miami show you Manny was doing a pretty good job at Miami and then he goes and does a great job as the Penn State Defensive Coordinator. So this is, this is a good chance for him to show, Hey look, I I can, I can do this head coaching thing. Yeah, You were talking about the spring meetings. It got me thinking about just media days in general for coaches and, and amongst the different leagues. I personally love SEC Media Day. I think that's one of my favorite days of the year. You always get some coach that goes out there that has like a point to prove and they've got like a quote that they're ready to unleash. And sometimes the quote doesn't even match up with the question that they're asked. They're just like, I know I gotta get this out. Can you describe to us the different vibes of the different conference media days?


Yes. Yeah. So I, I've been to all of them at this point. I, some of them I haven't been to as recently as the others. But I was at SEC in Big 10 this year. Big 12 is the most chill, like where you Big 12 is the one where you might just run into a coach in a back hallway. And he is like, Hey, what's up? What'd you eat last night? Where, you know, where'd you go? And you're gonna get that at the big 12. The SEC is very stage managed. Like, we've gotta get this guy here, we've gotta get this guy here. This guy has three minutes and 32 seconds with you. And then he is gotta go over here for four minutes and th 34 seconds. And basically they're just running them around and then running them through these various ESPN rooms. Big 10 is in Lucas Oil Stadium and it's fairly stage managed, but like Brett Beam is just gonna be hanging at some point.


Maybe just sit down next to Brett bma. What's up, how's it going, Man of people. Yeah, yeah, Exactly. Exactly. Or PFT your guy Kurt ti former JMU coach, current Indiana coach. He hypnotized me at Big 10 Media days this year. Hypnotize me, like I'm talking to him and I'm like, oh crap, Indiana's gonna be good, aren't they? They're basically, they took like half a J U'S team from last year and I'm, I'm looking at their schedule, I'm like, so these lower tier Big 10 teams, like, could they have beaten JMU last year? I don't know If they could have. No. So I, I wanna say their total's five and a half. Like I think I'm all in on Indiana making a bowl game and cashing that over ticket. Yeah, I like that. I'm gonna count every single Indiana win this year as a JMU win in the Big 10.


You should for sure. And, and sign Netti. He's, I think he's as close to like a Nick Saban clone in his mannerisms and how he manages a football team as you can possibly get. I'm not saying he is Nick Saban or that level Coach. More public bravado than Nick Saban though. Like when, when someone says, you know, asks about him, he is like, I just win everywhere. Google it. Like Nick Saban would never say that, but Kirk Sign Netti will say that also. He's 62. Yeah, it looks like he's like 47. Yeah. I don't know. There's like maybe a Dorian Gray thing going on here. I, I'm not sure. But when you're in his presence you're like, oh man, this guy's gonna win more than he's supposed to. He Did poke the bear though, and he was like, yeah, we're gonna beat Ohio State, we're gonna beat Michigan.


That was, that was a a, a tough entrance that he made at Indiana. But we'll see. We, and they play, I believe they play them back to back in the end of this season. They're not gonna beat Ohio State. They're Gonna lose by 40. I Got a question about Ohio State though. Ohio State's the best team in, in the Big 10 on paper. Oregon would have an argument. It does feel like it's Ohio State and Oregon and then Penn State and Michigan should both have a chance. Maybe even USC. But are we Sure Will. Howard is good enough to win a national title it Ohio State. 'cause that's, I mean, Ryan Day this year, he has to beat Michigan. We know he has to beat Michigan and if he doesn't beat Michigan, they're gonna be like, who knows how this season goes. Okay, lemme push back on that. Big Cat. Okay. Does he have to beat Michigan the first time?


Yeah, true. Well it might not be Michigan the second time though. 'cause it might be Oregon, right? Like but If you win the National title. Yeah. Do we care like No, that's true. Lemme lemme ask you this guys. If that kick that brung in the new year in 2023 in the Peach Bowl, if that kick goes in and obviously Ohio State would've crushed TCU in the, in the championship game, do we feel differently about Ryan Day? Even if last year's Michigan game is the same thing? I I, yes. Yeah, you, you definitely would feel differently. And, and I think Ryan Day's a good coach, but I think the pressure for them this year with Michigan is that Michigan is no longer like they have definitely taken a step back and That's not Oh yeah. There's no excuse. If you lose to this Michigan team.


They Should be a 10 with that Ohio State team. Yeah. There should be a 10 point favorite, maybe even more depending on how the season goes. And like If, you can't beat this Michigan now it's like, what's going on here? Harbaugh's gone. They're in a little bit of transition again. Michigan's still gonna be very good. Yeah. It's more that they were last year, they were one of the best teams ever. You know, the way they went through everyone. So do you feel like, will Howard though, is that guy, because I've Will Howard's fun to watch. Will Howard's a gamer? He's tough as nails. I just don't know if he's the passer that you need when you get to that final four level and you're playing a Georgia or you're playing a Texas or you're playing at Alabama.


Like you need a guy who can, who can hit those deep shots consistently. And he, he's not really that guy as of yet, But who did he have at Kansas State? True, True. It's A good point. Other, other than Deuce Vaughn two years ago. Who, who was helping him with that? Now I'm on the back end of this question. I'm gonna turn it into a Kansas State question, just, just 'cause I wanna talk about Avery Johnson, but we'll, we'll stick with Will Howard at Ohio State right now. Will Howard's never been surrounded by this kind of talent. True. You got Ekka Buka, you got Colonel Tate, the recruit Nicks know who JJ Smith is. Everybody else is gonna know who JJ Smith is once the season starts. Jeremiah Smith, number one recruit in the nation for the class of 2024.


You're not really gonna miss Marv. Yeah. Like I, I know, I realize that sounds hyperbolic, but this is one of the best, most ready made receivers that has come into college football in a long, long, long time. He is unbelievable. Like the best DBS at Ohio State are saying, I gotta go against him at practice because he's the best receiver they have already. So be ready for that. Plus they have Trayvon Henderson and Haw ju Yeah. Their Run game should Be Ole Miss. Yeah. Yeah. So like all of that is gonna make Will Howard better. Okay. So Will Howard is not gonna have to be Superman. Now the thing will Howard does give you is a six foot 4, 235 pound guy who, when you need him to get some yards, he's gonna get you some yards.


The, the question for him is, is he gonna be able to take care of the ball enough so that they're scoring and then they let that defense do its thing? Because the defense is, the other thing for Ohio State, where Ohio State looks a lot like Michigan last year is on defense where you have all these guys who could have gone to the NFL and not as like free agent guys. These would've been third, fourth round draft picks and they decided to stay for one more year. Right. They then add Caleb Downs, who was, like I said was the best player in the transfer portal. He was, he's a safety who allows you to change everything about your defense. He allows you to move sunny styles to linebacker, which is where he should have been playing all along.


They have a very deep defensive line. J ttu Maal coming off the edge, Tylee Williams side. Like they have everything. Which again goes back to your original point. The there's no excuse and there really is no excuse. No, not only should they win the Big 10, they should win the national title. There's no excuse. Right. Right. It is national title or bust. Right. I think there, I mean there are going to be, I I'm nitpicking here 'cause that's what you have to do before the season starts. They're going to be a dominant, dominant team and that expectation is there now that this is the team that, that should take them over the hump. I'm excited for the Big 10. I think it's gonna be kind of crazy. Some Of these, oh, I gotta tell, I gotta, I gotta tell everybody about Avery Johnson first.


Yes. Yes. Now If you a Video game. You already know about Avery Johnson. Yes. But Avery Johnson is the reason Will Howard is Ohio State's quarterback. Yeah. This, there's this weird thing that, that has happened with the transfer portal and with NIL where basically If, you pay up in NIL for a, a big time, highly ranked quarterback recruit. By year two you better be starting him. So Avery Johnson's a sophomore at Kansas State this year. He's the reason they let Will Howard go Jackson Arnold five star guy at Oklahoma. He's the reason that Oklahoma let Dylan Gabriel go to Oregon. But Avery Johnson, I'm telling you right now, we've not seen a quarterback this fast probably since Kyler Murray. Yeah.


I don't know how good of a thrower he is yet. We saw a little bit last year where maybe you could see, oh, the arm's pretty good. If the arm's good, they're gonna be so much fun to watch. And and he's he's a Wichita kid. He's from Kansas, which like a, a talent like that in Kansas doesn't happen very often. It's, it is gonna be fun. And I I Kansas state's one of those programs that they, they somehow got the guy behind, you know, when, when, what's his name left? Bill Snyder left. They finally, yeah. They got someone basically the same. Like they just keep running. Well Chris Kleiman was just winning every, every Ffc s national title of North Dakota State. It's great though 'cause they just, they're consistently like, oh yeah, Kansas State.


Yeah. Okay. They might not win 10 games. They're gonna be tough no matter who, what, what week they play, who they play. That team is just gonna be good and sound at football. Yeah. It, it's gonna be fun to watch. Now I don't know if he's got the skill talent around him to be like a Heisman Trophy guy, but I am so excited to see what he can do because again, we, we just haven't seen a QBI that fast in a while. Yeah. And that it add, it adds another, another layer to it. I Got a take for you Andy. I want you to judge it somehow some way and you know, I've always wanted Notre Dame to just join the Big 10 and just like stop this shit and just join the big 10. You're Big 10 school.


It would make, it would be awesome If, you were playing Michigan every year, but somehow some way Notre Dame with the way the college football playoff is set up and it's the top four highest ranked conference champions. So they can never get a top four buy. Right. But somehow some way Notre Dame's gonna, we Probably should explain the rules later. Yeah, yeah. Well we can do it right now. Yeah. So it's, it's the top four teams. The top top four conference champions get a buy. Yes. And then it's five through 12. The first round is gonna be home games for the higher seed. And then they go and then they play where they play neutral and then they play in the bowl games. So the top five conference champions get into the playoff automatically.


But the top four get the buy and get the top four seeds. And the, so we've been doing all this at on three we're, we're trying to help retrain everybody's brain. So we've been doing all these projected playoff things and invariably we'll put out the graphic on social media and I'll have like Utah or Kansas State at the four seed as the big 12 champion. Right. And People just lose their shit. They're like, how can they be the four seed? Like that's the rule. Yeah. Like the A CC champ or the Big 12 champ, they will probably be the three and four seeds. Right. Most likely. So, so that leads me to my point that I want you to grade somehow some way Notre Dame has actually ended up in the best position in all of this because if they are good, they're gonna get the five seed.


And what that means at the five seed is they get a home game against probably a group of five team at the 12 seed. Yep. And then their next game will be against the four seed who will Most, which might be the number 13 team in the country. Yeah. Yes. Who will always, who will almost always assuredly be an A CC or a big 12 team. So they will essentially always avoid the big 10 A SEC until the final four. Yeah. And so somehow Notre Dame has worked out the best possible way, Well there were four people who designed this system. Greg Sankey, the SEC Commissioner Craig Thompson, the Mountain West Commissioner Bob Bowlsby, who was the, the Big 12 commissioner at the time. And Jack Swarbrick, the Notre Dame athletic director.


Hmm. This system. And Jack Jack's a smart guy. So he, he's retired now. But this was the gift he left Notre Dame with because not only does it make it where they never have to join a conference 'cause if they're 10 and two or well with this schedule, maybe they have to be 11 and one to get to get in. But usually most years with their schedule, if they're 10 and two, they're gonna get in and Yeah. They never have to play in a conference championship game. So they're not playing that extra game. So it's kind of only fair that they would have to play the first round. But you probably get the first round at home if you're that good. So yeah, you get the number 12 seed, which is like gonna be the, the Mountain West champ or the American Athletic Conference champ that might be ranked 23rd in the actual poll.


And then If, you win that, you get the four seed, which is potentially like the number 15 team. Who knows? Yeah. It'll be the, the the fourth lowest ranked conference champ. So yeah, the number five seed is the best one. If, you don't have to play in a conference championship game. Right, right. If you do, it's a little bit different. Like if you're, let's say you're Alabama and you lost to Georgia in the SEC championship game, you're not really getting that big of an advantage 'cause you had to play against Georgia and get beat up for, for an hour. Right. But if you're Notre Dame and you didn't, or let's say you're ole miss and you just missed the SSEC championship game and for whatever reason the committee decides the team that lost the SEC championship game is gonna be ranked below you.


Like you're in, you're in a catbird seat. Yeah. Yeah. Like That five spot is nice. Yeah, That's true. So that's the one way that that Notre Dame's whole plan could be foiled. It is just have a really good team intentionally lose in their conference championship game. But if Notre Dame loses one game, they will almost always be the five seed. I I Don dunno about this year. But yeah, a lot of years. A lot of years they will be the years. Yeah. They'll they'll they'll end up 'cause they'll just be like, okay, Notre Dame, like they're the, they're the fifth best team. They're we'll put 'em right there. I just, it's, it's crazy to me, when I was looking at it, I was like, god dammit, they did it again. We've wanted 'em to get into a conference and they figured it out. They, they, they have outsmarted the sport for about a hundred years and I mean really it's, it it blamed the Michigan people.


It's fielding yos fault. He blackballed them from the Big 10. Yeah. He got mad at Notre Dame. Notre Dame's like, okay, fine, we'll just go on the road. We'll go play Army, we'll go play USC. And then they become this big national brand. Yeah. Yeah. It's disgusting. It's nuts. Back to the big 10 real quick. Wanna talk about Iowa and Nebraska? So Iowa lost like their entire offense with their punter and he's, he's bomb Tory Taylor, he's hitting Chicago Bears bear. Yeah. Bombs in in training camp right now. And then their coach was suspended for maybe the funniest recruiting violation I guess trying to recruit a quarterback that really worked out for him. It's So hard to get caught tampering. Yeah. Like you have to be really d really bad at this to get caught tampering. And they got caught tampering.


And of course like the receiver's coach also gets suspended. John Bud Mayer, former former Badger quarterback. Big Cat. He, he got suspended too, which led to a bunch of people asking me on my show. Iowa has a receiver's coach. What does he do all day? Yeah. Easy job in the world. And so, but this is, this is such an interesting one because Iowa like look at Iowa's schedule and think about if their offense is slightly better. If it's slightly better. We've had the same conversation for like the last 10 years. Like if they're just competent function on offense If function. But they did, but they fired Brian Ferre and they brought in Tim Lester. So they do have a new offensive coordinator.


So let's imagine Cade McNamara's good or he doesn't get hurt or, or maybe it's Brendan Sullivan, the Northwestern transfer comes in. But Cade McNamara's a starter and they are semi-functional as an offense. They're still gonna be great on defense. You could have a Nebraska Iowa game on Black Friday that could potentially affect the college football playoff. Yeah. Yeah. You're that high in Nebraska. 'cause we just had Will Compton on and he Oh I heard, what'd he say? Heard him. They're gonna start seven and oh and then seven. Oh. And then we'll see what happens. They Gotta beat Colorado and they gotta get past your guy Kurt Zig netti, but six and one or seven in. Oh, going to the Ohio State game is not outta the realm of possibility For Nebraska.


I won so bad. 'cause they'll have that little number next to their name. And. it will just be, and I think it might be a rude awakening when they Go to Columbus. So Nebraska's quarterback. But the thing is like what they, I mean they just gotta like, they haven't been to a bowl game since 2016. Yeah. Like if they just make a bowl game that that's enough. But if they can be better than that. And by the way, like if Dylan Royalla is the guy as a true freshman quarterback, he's gonna get so many tractor NIL deals. Like he's gonna be a, the tractor mag of Nebraska and he's, he's not gonna really have to go to the NFL. He's just gonna be taken care of for the rest of his life. Yeah. Yeah. So, so how good is he? That's a great question. We, we don't know. We we, we don't know you, you watch him play in the spring game, you're like woo, look at all his arm slots.


Very Mahomes esque. But you also go four high schools in four years. Flip from Ohio State, flip from Georgia. Like, so there's all of that too. I need to see it. I need to see it and we're gonna get a good chance to see it because like they play Colorado in week two. And for all of the talk about Colorado, whether it's, you know, Deon saying this or that, or the now resigned assistant who is trying to get the sweet, sweet Saudi money for, for the NIL. That's a Wild story. Like I know it's incredible. But they have a pretty good D line that they have imported through the portal. If Dylan Ola can handle that, he can handle most of what's on the schedule.


Yeah. Yeah. So with Colorado, I feel like Dion's been especially spicy this year. What are his latest things? He said like I know he wouldn't take a question from a CBS guy because he doesn't like the CBS national brand or whatever. And this guy's like CCB s Colorado. I think they ranked him, didn't they rank him 15th outta 16 Big 12 coaches? It was probably Ferelli. We can play. Tom Ferelli is now getting, Well he voted Fornel definitely voted in that one. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So he, he's mad at that reporter. He's mad at another local reporter that's written some bad things about him. And then he's just like, the way he's been talking to the media has not given me confidence in, in Dion's team this year. Like when he, well, That press conference, I did a lot of reading between the lines on that press conference.


'cause I, I thought it was, it was a, he was telegraphing some stuff there. So the, the one where he is barring, you know, sparring back and forth with the columnist who, who clearly doesn't like him. I'm fine with that. In fact, just have that discussion out in the open and I'll watch it. That'll be very entertaining for me. But that press conference every time, like he got asked about his d-line, he talked about how much he loved his d-line. He had asked about his secondary, he talked about how much he loved his D-line. He got asked about his offensive line. He would not talk about anything relating to his offensive line. That's a giant red flag. Yeah. Giant red. Like this is a team that gave up 56 sacks last year. They have to be better than that.


And if they're not gonna be better than that, then it, it might be the same season. I think they're gonna be a little bit better. I think they'll improve enough to make a bowl game. But I don't know that they're gonna be good enough to compete in the Big 12. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, Andy, I got one last question for you. You're, you'll obviously be on again this fall. We're so excited for college football to be back.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Andy's wearing it right now. He's looking thin and in shape and looking great partially because Rollback is great. Fitting shirts. Rollback dot com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies joggers shorts Rollback dot com.


Alright, so last question. Give us the, the, the four buys. Give us the, right now who is going to be the, the highest ranked conference champions? I feel like Ohio State and Georgia, you can count a pencil in, but the other two are tough. Yeah, I, I do have Ohio State and Georgia. I, I'm very basic when it comes to that. I, I think both of those are, are the best teams in their leagues. I have Alabama, oh, sorry, I have Alabama at number five 'cause I have, they're my number three. Okay. In, in my poll that. But I have Florida State winning in the a c we're we're recording this after the Dublin game. That's so I made look incredibly stoop. Georgia Techs won that game. That'd be brutal. Oh boy. Well, I bet on Florida State.


So it'll be brutal for me too. We're about to Thursday night games with the Utah and all those guys. But, but I, Well, you know, I I thought they were playing last Thursday. PFTI was, I was just as disappointed As you. I just can't wait. I can't wait for, for Football to be done. I didn't realize till after when, when we started the show and PFD said Football is back. That's what he was referring to. Well, No. 'cause I Heard him say Lindenwood and I'm like, wait a second. Was was there like a, a s two game starting a week earlier that I didn't know about? Yeah. I should be fired. So, so what happened was I pulled out my phone 'cause I knew the week zero schedule. I know what's happening this Saturday. And then for whatever reason I scrolled down on the app, And it. The first games that it showed me were, I thought Week zero and I saw Lindenwood.


I was like, yeah, Linden Wood's probably playing Week Zero like that. That wouldn't shock me. Oh yeah. Lindenwood had a first game track. Absolutely. But yeah, that was, that, that was a mistake. Hand up misread the schedule. I just want college football to be back. So my, my number four seed is, is my Big 12 champ. I am going with Kansas State though, I will say, 'cause my Avery I've been driving the Avery Johnson bandwagon. I'm, I'm gonna keep driving it. I might drive it off a cliff though. I was, I got some information last week and And it. I'm a little worried because, so my friend Jim Naggy who, who runs the Senior Bowl, they put out a watch list of all the guys they think might have a chance to make the Senior Bowl. But it's also basically draft eligible guys they think will be in a camp.


They'll either get drafted, they'll make a team, they'll be in a camp. And so I just compiled who has the most of all these naturally, it's a bunch of SEC teams that have the most, like Ole Miss has 21 Georgia and Texas a and m have 20. But, so I was looking for the Big 12. Like who has the most, you Utah has 13. They, they're always like that. Yeah. IIII may have made a mistake here And I'm just saying it Now It in terms of coaches. In terms of coaches, you know, he's probably one of the most underrated. He's probably the one of the best coaches. No one really says like in that top three, Oh and Kyle Whittingham will kick your ass. Yeah. I finally figured out, 'cause Kyle grew his hair out a few years ago.


I finally figured out after they beat USC in the Pac 12 championship game a couple years ago, who he looks like If, you watch anything Stallone does now, like the reality show with the daughters or the, or the Tulsa King show. Kyle Whittingham looks like Stallone looks now And he's, I mean he's got that swagger. It's mine. And Kyle Whittingham will beat your ass. Yeah. I'm telling you right now, he will has a Mr workout in like, like he has a Lou Gehrig workout streak going, but he'll beat your ass. Yeah. He looks wiry. Wiry but strong. Like very lean man. Alright, so I'll give you that one. Kansas State slash Utah. That's fair. Oh, I'll take it. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, We didn't talk about u USC at all. What are the expectations? Oh, I'm high on see here, because their defense, they can't be worse.


I I heard that they're tackling in practice sometimes now Would be nice. Yeah. This has been my, this has been my frustration with Lincoln Riley because he's a smart person, clearly a very great, a very good offensive coach, great evaluator and teacher of quarterbacks. But why don't you just send somebody to a Georgia practice in November and say, Hey, how do you guys do this? And then just do that. Yeah. Because they're showing you how it works. And clearly, you know, USC through the years in Oklahoma when he was there, they're not tackling as the season goes on, like their tackling gets worse and worse and worse. So Dan and Lin, the nude defensive coordinator, I imagine he came in and said, Hey look, we gotta tackle a little bit.


He already did. He did with the ball game. The ball game. He wasn't technically coaching, but he was there helping out and they like missed significantly less tackles than they did during the regular season. So they cannot be worse on defense. You know, who else can't be worse on defense? LSU who they play in the season Open. I know because Ls, u's defense was awful last year. So they went out and hired Blake Baker from Missouri as their DC LS u's, kind of the same players with new coaches. USC. They, they changed a lot of the players out too. Danton Lund went and got some guys that fit what he wants. Part of the deal with Alex Wrench, the old USC defensive quarter. I, I firmly believe that Alex Grinch's mind was poisoned when he was the defensive coordinator at Washington State.


And he had this defensive tackle named Hercules Mafa, who was 225 pounds, but was awesome. Like, this is the dude who could do like back flips off a 30 foot cliff in at home in Hawaii. And he was amazing. And so Alex trench for the rest of his career, like he went to Ohio State. He went to Oklahoma, he went to USC, he's like, I don't need 310 pound defensive tackles hurt. Could do it. Yeah. And he always would play these two small guys for their positions. And so s c's gonna have the right size guys in those positions. Now I am still not convinced though. I know you've got, you've got Miller Moss as your Heisman guy. Big Cat and Miller Moss. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love, I love that he stuck it out.


You know, he came in the same recruiting class as Jackson Dart, who's been Ole Miss's starter for three years now. Yeah. So, But I, I do wonder about them because if their defense doesn't get significantly better, they might struggle. And I, I wanna point out a game involving your badgers. Yeah. So USC plays LSU, they might lose that game. They open Big 10 play against Michigan. They might lose that game. The Badgers come to the Coliseum for uscs fourth game. Yeah. We might be see USC in a a can't lose and or must win situation against the Badgers because if they're one in two going to the Wisconsin game and their defense has shown any signs of leakiness, Phil Longo's gonna be licking his chops.


Yeah. To, to unleash Tyler Van Dyke on uscs defense And And, it would be an Alex Grinch revenge game. He's a safety's coach at the badge. 'cause I know people Exactly. Gimme shits. You have Alex. He's not allowed To Decide. That's what I said, How big the lineman are. Yeah, Right. I was like, he's not the defensive coordinator. He cannot fuck it up that bad. Like yes, he could fuck it up. The safeties could be bad, but he, he, he, it's, we're limiting the, the issues here. So yes. Yeah. Andy, you're the best. We'll talk to you later in the season. College football's back. Thank you so much everyone listening to Andy. He's putting out pods every single week, multiple times a week on three network, and there's no better time of


year. Andy Staples is brought to you by cars.com. They have sponsored the employee parking spot here at Barstool Sports. The cars.com parking spot is now property of Kyle Bauer, who does not own a car. So he just keeps that parking spot open all day and we have to drive past it wishing that we had won that parking spot. The cars.com parking spot is so helpful. If, you have a car you don't have to battle for us spot, but the cars.com, your garage feature is the most helpful thing that they have. You can track your cars value. I've actually taken a look at it, just seeing how much the El Camino is worth, how much it's gonna be worth in two months. Maybe it might get something different at some point. I don't have any plans on selling it, but I do like to see if I'm making money on my investment in my El Camino now that it starts and runs. And since KB Hass got the cars.com parking spot, he'll have plenty of extra time to create an account with cars.com and track his cars value. KB got the most priced parking spot at Barstool. But we can grab some valuable insights into our own cars value with the cars.com, your garage feature. So if you're thinking about selling your car, you can go onto cars.com, you can use the your Garage feature and you can look and see how much is your car gonna be worth in one month, two months, three months. You can look into the future and figure out the best time for you to sell your car. Track your cars value on cars.com. That's cars.com.


Andy Staples was also brought to you by PardonMyTake of my cheese steak football's finally back preseasons here and ordering PardonMyTake of my cheese steak for your game day meal. Our late night eats is the best play call that you can make. Part of my cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep. Take your pick of the delicious cheese steaks available at part of my cheese steak. They're made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions. On a toasted hogie roll, we've got classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken cheese steaks, Chipotle chicken cheese steaks, buffalo chicken cheese steaks, and chicken bacon, ranch cheese steaks, which are fantastic. You can order the popular Big Cat combo. Get your cheese steak of choice fries and a drink for dessert.


Try the new donut dippers, delicious donut holes to they're tossed in cinnamon sugar and they're served with a rich caramel sauce. Find a part of my cheese steak near you. Order yours now at part of my cheesesteak.com and use promo code PC 20 to get 20% off your order. Okay. Mount Rushmore time. And we have a very special guest. It is Hank's father back on the show for Mount Rushmore. Now remind me the last time you did a Mount Rushmore, what was it for? Water. Water. That was A good one. We'd already Done it before and didn't realize it till after. Yeah. So, and how did you do? I can't remember. Not well it was the old studio. So, so Hank's basically bringing in a ringer here. He's done. He's on, What was my third one?


Oh, it was Your third? Yeah. What was the other one? Sounds you don't like to hear. Okay. Okay. Did you have Hank's yawn on that? That's my yawn. Oh. Oh, That's Right. Yeah, it's right. He caught it from you. So Hank's bringing in a ringer. His dad. I thought that's nice. Yeah, that's nice. Listen, Hank and I are pretty much neck and neck and it's, it's nice to be able to have a dad that you can bring in from Mount Rushmore season. Yeah. Hank. So Hank, I'm glad that you did that. It feels like you're rubbing it in a little bit, but that's okay. Maybe I'll bring my ass in and something you don't have. Yeah, That's fair. That's fair. Hey, the, so I've clenched, I've officially clenched. Congrats. Thank you. So it is now a two man race between Hank and PFT. Before we do, so we're gonna do the Mount Rushmore business jargon, which was selected by Hank and PFT.


They're, max and I are just, we're basically just playing out. We're we're sitting the starters, well There was an idea to have Hank and I go, mana man. Yeah. But then it was for the rest of it. But that's screw up the scoring. And that's a different style. That's a different format of Mount Rushmore. We've never done that before. Yeah. So what, what is the, what are the standings? How far back is Hank, how many points are you back? I Think three Points. You have three points. I hope. Three. So this, it basically comes down to can Hank steal a win and have PFT go la last in one of these? Yes. Hank has, so Max has 70, I have 59 clinched. PFT was 52. Hank with 49. So three back. I Think it's fair for Hank to use his dad in this draft because I, I have been in the business corporate world.


Hank's corporate experience is just working at Barstool. Yeah. So you, you have a blind spot there. Yeah. So before we start that though, I, I would like some thoughts on the summer of Hank, Summer of Hank. An unbelievable, Yeah. What, what would you rank, was it Missoula's duck boat or was it being the, the, what was it? The, the keeper of the light keeper? Yeah. The ringer of the bell of the lighthouse. I think the duck boat parade. I don't see how that could top ever be topped. Yeah. But he did. I mean the lighthouse. Yeah, he did keep the lighthouse. It was an epic fan reaction to the lighthouse. Yes, It was. Yes. Quite a popular. Did you have a epic reaction to when Hank went down to Dallas this year and accidentally slipped and put a hole in the wall?


That was funny. Yeah. Content. Yeah, content machine. Tiffany Gomas. Is she invited to Thanksgiving this year? No. Okay. How do you, how do you feel about Hank and his prospects of dunking? There's a possibility Now. Is that, how do you feel about Hank's prospects of doing steroids to dunk? Not a fan of the steroids. Okay. You better than that Hank? He's been working hard. Yep. There is some genetic, but Has he wait, has he, His uncle can dunk in my Prime. I could dunk a volleyball. So there is some, you know, he's got a shot. Unfortunately, dunking a volleyball will not pay out this bet. No. But you're, the basketball as you guys have out there are Palable. Yeah. True. When you say he's been working hard, what has he been telling you?


What I would, I would like to know. He's been going to the gym. We've seen videos. He, he sent examples of his workouts. Okay. Okay. I mean, that's an improvement from nothing. Yeah, It is. It is. We were at, at summer camp last week and we had them lower the, the hoop down to eight feet. I don't know, If you, you felt the same way. Hank, but I got a gnarly bruise on my forearm. Oh wow. I got, I got dunkers arm. Now it. Right. Now it. Yeah. So I, I don't know if you've been able to reach a point where you're able to even get a bruise on your hand yet. No, I'm so just, I'm reaching for the rim. I can touch the rim, but I can't get above it. Did You listen to Friday's show? Yeah. Did you, what'd you think about Hank's fart in our face? Just air, you know. Yeah. That's, that's not uncommon in our family. We should have, we should have said too in Hank's defense, because our good friend Keith Yandel texted me after listening Friday's show.


He is like, what the fuck is Hank's problem? Hank was violently hung over. Yes. So we were taping at 9:00 AM We should have, we should have prefaced that that was one of those moments where we should have set the stage a little bit better for Hank in his defense, we Were entertaining coworkers. Yes. Yeah. How, how much corporate experience do you have when it comes to the business jargon? Do you have a significant amount? I have a lot. I mean, you know, that was part of the Taco Bell ecosystem was a lot of corporate speak and, you know, marketing presentations are just chock full of that stuff. Yeah. Has it changed? I I feel like it's gotten more annoying though in the last 10 years than it was maybe 20 years ago. It, it was always hilarious. Like we would, we as franchisees would sit in these meetings and they would just go off and we'd be like, what are they talking?


Yeah. Right. None of this makes sense. Okay. So do I have first pick? Yeah. Yep. I have first pick. Ooh, tough one. Max. How are you playing these? I don't know. I don't really care. Okay. 'cause I don't really care now. I'm Rushing the starters. Anyone who like, I could get last in every one going forward because I'm, I'm putting very little effort into these right now. Not even for the listeners, that's kind of mean. Well, I don't wanna like take first place and then you guys just like, can't have those points. Right. No, you gotta play it out. Yeah. I don't Think you should think like that, but Yeah, You should. After all this is a podcast, there are people who are listening to your thoughts. Max. Yeah. Okay, so I have one one. Hmm. Okay.


I guess I'll just go with, I, I have a list and I somehow wrote one thing down twice. So I think that's subliminally telling me that I should pick that as one, one. I'll go circle back. It's the most annoying. Yeah. Yeah. You circled back on circle back. Yeah. I Did. I have it twice. Yeah. It's just when someone says, let's circle back on this, just shut the fuck up. I, I don't know. I don't know why you're saying it like that. Just say, Hey, I'll hit you later. They don't want to come to a conclusion. Right. But they want the meeting to end, right. Yeah. Right. And circling back. Yeah. I don't even understand it. I'm just gonna circle around and back to it. Yeah. That's a great pick. I had that as my one, one Just leaves it open to you can just, they can hit you back up at any point. Yeah. Right. Right. And then say like, oh, I'm circling back.


How many of these do you use now, Hank that your corporate Not as, I mean, a decent amount. Do you Circle back? I don't think I've ever used circle back. I've, I've thrown it out there 'cause because I've been in situations where I don't want to give a definitive, like, let's meet tomorrow 'cause I don't wanna meet tomorrow. I'll just be like, it's a good way to end a meeting. Like, alright. Yeah. We'll circle back on this stuff. Like, you just told me a bunch of stuff that I don't really wanna deal with right now. Yeah. We'll circle back. Circle back. Okay. Let's Talk about it later. Yeah. Yeah. All right. When, who knows? Team Lockwood. I think we're gonna go with the logical next thing, which is put a pin in it. Yeah. Okay. We're putting pins in it. Okay. Similar To circle back, but Yeah. Yeah. Let's put a pin in it. Yeah. That one makes me want to punch someone in the face. Well, What's the difference between putting a pin in it and circling back?


I don't know. They're all, They all Don't mean it's a little more definitive. Yeah. They all don't mean shit. Is that just a reminder to circle back? It means we're not gonna get rid of it. It's gonna be up there on the board and we're gonna put a pin in it. Yeah. And then we'll circle back At the end of the day. Yeah. Like every single one that we pick means absolutely nothing. I do have like five now that I'm looking at my list, I've got five that translate directly to circle back. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's like Hank said, it's just trying to find a way to finish a meeting without an actual conclusion. Yep. Max meatball. Meatball. Hey, should we get some meatballs? I'm Kind of gonna do another one that also kind of sounds like circling back. Okay. Let's table this conversation. Tabling it. Oh yeah, Tabling it.


Okay. Add that too. Yeah. Tabling it sucks. Table And. it sucks. Alright. PFT. You got two Picks. I got two. Okay. So I'm gonna go with touch base. Yep. Touching base to start out. Yep. Kind of means docking, but in this case, touch base. Let's just touch base and then for the next one, And it. It's also the worst about touch base is it's always like, do you have time to touch base on this? Yeah. It just means Just fucking tell me when you want to talk. It just means talk. Yeah. Let's, let's touch base later. Why, why don't you just talk to me now? There's nothing Worse than the meeting before the meeting. The pre-meeting is the, is the most like, Hey, let's figure out when we're gonna meet. No, just dude, you're, you already got me. You already texted me. You already emailed me.


Just do the meeting right now. Tell me what I need to know right now. Yeah. You know what's beautiful about this list is I don't think any of this language exists in football. No. Once you step inside a football building, no. You don't circle back on anything. You circle forward. No. And also none of this really exists in our lives. That's true. We've somehow found a job that we've eliminated all of this stuff. Thank God. I Think if somebody told me to touch base on something, I would just, I would leave. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Your second pick, It's something that you do, right? After, you touch base. Okay. You get on the same page. Oh, Let's get on the same page on this. I like that pick.


Do I have time to change it? Nope. Damn It. 'cause I feel like I've, No, I like that page. Okay. All Same page. Get on the same page. Go On the same Page. Get on the same page. I'm second guessing it, Now it. No, that's Okay. I'm not on the same page with myself. No, you're good. Don't. Okay. All right. All right. There Wasn't, there's a lot of list. Yeah. There's a Oh, wasn't Oh, wow. Oh Wait. Un Little shit. Talk a little shit over there. Now that I'm looking, it's not on my list. Okay. Not on mine. Although, do you even have a list? No, I've, I don't know any of this, this lingo, like, I haven't done a, a second of It's not, it's not on Max's list. You've, you've never had like an office job before though. No. That's What I'm saying. People are always getting on the same page. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna go, there's a lot of moving parts.


Oh yeah. There is a lot of moving parts. That's just saying, I don't wanna do this. Yeah. I Don't, no, that's saying it's like confusing. It's not My fault. It's not my fault. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of moving parts. Yeah. Like We're trying to get it done, but there's a lot of moving parts. Yeah. Yeah. It's basically just corporate excuses. Yeah. It is entire everything of corporate Excuses, like play. It's a, it's a just a blame game. Yeah. I did have that on my list. Yep. Auto Moving parts is Good. Yep. Okay. That's Team Lockwood. So I think keeping with making excuses, it's above my pay grade. Oh. Oh, okay. Okay. Well, not for Hank. Nothing's above his pay grade. That's facts. He's the top. No. Well, Big Cat, me and Big Cat kind of play tennis sometimes where I'll be like, you gotta talk to Big Cat.


Oh yeah. No, I And Big Cat way more, way more Big Cat to me where people come up and be like, Big Cat said I had to talk to you. Yeah. I'm like, What? It's the, the two people at Barstool who get the most, I just don't feel like answering is Gaz and Hank. Yeah. Like if anyone ever asks for a job from outside of these walls. I'm just like, G well figure just, here's G's email. That's just it. Yeah. And then if someone asks for something that involves money or anything, I'm just like, Hank can answer. Yeah. It's great to have somebody like that around, Or like a hard answer. Like, you don't want to No. Yeah. Talk to Hank first. Yeah. Yeah. Am I doing a, a good job? I don't know. Ask Hank. I think a lot of people do that with the board. Yeah. And the board might not even ever exist, but you get asked a tough question. Well, I have to run for by the board real quick. Yeah.


And I'll get back to you. Yeah. Okay. I got two that are kind of related and they drive me fucking insane. One, I'll even say right now, like, my brother-in-Law says it to me all the time, and I fucking wanna kill him when he says it Ping you. I'm gonna ping you. Yeah. Ping you. What the fuck does that mean? Yep. What does ping Means? It could mean anything. It could mean send an email. It could mean just shut Up and just say you're gonna text me. It could mean a text, it could mean a phone call, it could mean a homing pigeon. There's all sorts of stuff. I don't understand what ping you means. It drives me insane. And the other one is, and this might be because I just expect people to be able to answer it all times. Hank knows that when he is on vacation, I hate when people say they're out of pocket.


Yeah. ifu, it drives me nuts. You have a fucking cell phone. Your whole work is in your pocket. What does that mean? You're out of pocket or People Yeah. Automated emails. Yeah. You can answer a text. You're out pocket drives me nuts. Wait, Does out of pocket mean like you're only using what's in your pocket? Correct. But yeah, your pocket is your, is your whole work. Yeah. That excuse is Done. It makes no sense anymore. That excuse is done. Right. Like, I would understand it if we were in like 1975 and you left work and there was no way for anyone to reach you. But what do you mean your outta pocket's right here? Yeah. People have automated emails and I'm like, when you get one kicked back, like, I think that means I can't get this question answered. Right?


Oh yeah. I've, I don't think I've ever done the email like kickback. No. You Have. Imagine if one, imagine I Somebody I did it once. You Did. Yep. Here the worst Is text. Yep. Have you guys ever gotten it on text? No. Can you text someone? I didn't know that was possible. Yeah. Hank actually made fun of me for a week at when I did it because I, I I, well, I was outta the country. It Was And, but you were still looking. Well, and I just said, and I just said, If, you have any questions? Ask memes. Yeah. That's basically, basically what I said. And I've never done it again because Hank ruined me when he, what? He, when he sent me an email and he got it back. Well, nothing Was professional though. Were you like, in lieu of contacting me, please reach Out to, I think I was just like, Phil, I'm out of the country this week.


If, you have any questions? Here's memes. His email, And I mean, that would've been a great way to do, it's just use memes, actual name and everybody would be like, Is that, I think I probably did. I was like, go to hi memes email. I, I almost just said it. That Person doesn't exist. Yeah. The, the, especially in our job, I don't know what would one be urgent enough that like, we need to get ahold of Max. Yeah. And There's, I mean, And two really that urgent where they like If you don't, It's more so like ad stuff that, like an ad will reach out and be like, Hey, they need this right now. Can you please switch this? But it someone else. And even then I, I'll just still be like, Hey, pug can Hey Pug. Hey memes. Can you switch this? Yeah. Someone else is on the email, so Yeah. Out of pocket and ping. You ping me, ping you ping me.


Anything Ping. Yeah. Fucking drives me nuts. I'll ping you. I'll hit you in the head with a golf Ball. You say ping? No, not A pinger. Okay. Thank God I have the same reaction to ping these. Yeah. What does that, it's like, what does it mean talking? Just so you, and especially when they text you, I'll ping you. It's like you're doing it right now. Again, it's just back to like when someone contacts you and they're setting something up. It's like we're talking right now. Even The word ping in the context of it doesn't make sense. Makes No sense. Makes no sense In, in theory. I, I think a lot of people want to sound more professional than they actually are. So saying like, I'm gonna text you later. For some reason they don't like the sound of that. But saying, I'll ping you. Yeah. It's like, oh, that's businessy. Yeah. I should, I should be getting paid for using words like that. Ping.


Okay. I think this is, so this is a positive one. I think it's helpful in, in business jargon. It's when you have a meeting and someone says, Hey, I got a hard stop nine 30 or whatever the time is. Gimme that hard Stop. Hard stop. Then I know. Meeting's over you are A lock. How do we feel about that? Pick. Good. It was a bad pick. I pick above it. No, but it, it's a perfect Lockwood pick because it's saying like, oh, I can't do any work after this. After this moment. Yeah. Yeah. I like hard out better than a hard stop. Oh, Hard Out. Hard stop. I got a hard stop. Oh no, they're looking, they're this. Oh no, I pointed to the bottom one. Oh no. We Got a Taco Bell situation on our hands.


We'll get it back. We, you guys gotta get on the same page. Let's, that was on the list. That was on the list. We get on the same page. Damn. Yeah. My favorite Hank one is do If. you need me for the yak. I'll be around. Which is just him saying, I'm about to go golf. Oh. I said, do you need me for, oh, do you need me for the yak? Yeah. Yeah. I'm about to go golf. Alright. Max Don't have the bandwidth for that. Yep. Okay. That's a good one. Yep. This is basically saying you're an idiot. I'm lazy. Well, it's saying I'm lazy. Yeah. Yeah. It's like I can't do that. But it's also literally saying you're an idiot. Yeah. You don't have the bandwidth. Yeah. You're like a, you're a rudimentary computer. My brain doesn't connect at those speeds. Dial up, Talk to somebody smarter. Yeah. Don't have the bandwidth.


Alright, So I got two now and I like these two. Yeah. Let me loop you in. Okay. Looping in. I had that looping in. And then for my last one, I'm gonna go with a classic tried and true per my last email. Mm. Nice. Yeah. Which is a nice passive aggressive way of saying subtle Way. It's saying, fuck you. Yeah. Per my last emails. You dumbass. Yeah. Yep. Saying they're, yeah. You've, you've or, or you're just not responding to my emails. Yep. Yeah. This one is kind of normal conversation, but it's how I start. Probably 90% of my emails that I've ever sent before in my life.


And it's just, thanks for reaching out. You do, thanks for reaching out. Oh, yeah. Every time You start, every email since Out. If it's someone that isn't within bars, like if it's, I guess I just don't, we don't, we've never emailed. No, I I, I mean I, I'm not the biggest emailer, but when I do, it's like And it and it's someone I don't know. I'm like, oh, thanks for reaching out. Oh, that actually makes sense. So you, yeah. So it's usually when I send people to you, because I'm sending, I'll have a conversation with someone like, here, just, just email our producer kind of. And then you'll be like, thanks for reaching out. Thanks for reaching out. And Then, then, and then I'll just like dead end. Yeah. Thanks for reaching out. But I don't think, I don't think this is gonna happen.


That's very professional of us. Yeah. Good. Because that's, I'm thinking of like one specific example in the last couple of months where someone asked me for something and I was like, just please reach out to our producer Max. He can handle. And then you just wrote, thanks for reaching. Thanks. Reaching out. And that was it. That's It. That's the end of it. Yep. I was like, thanks for reaching out, max. It Was a way of, I love that. Of me Getting outta something. Do, do you have the auto complete that starts up like on your Gmail when you respond to stuff? Probably. I wonder if it, I wonder how much it's learned about you. It's probably learned a lot of thanks for reaching out. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. The lockwood's have to get back on the same page For this last one, We're on the same page, but we will probably be doing this afterwards. Let's take this offline. Okay. Taking something offline.


As some Offline. Yeah. Offline. Yeah. Okay. My last pick. It's not, it just, again, these are, I just did like straight pet peeves. I cannot stand when anyone refers to anyone. As a rockstar. I had that on my list too. Yeah. It fucking drives me nuts. Calling Somebody a rockstar or Not a rockstar. You're working like you're, you're working in accounting. I not a rockstar. That's literally not a rockstar. I would also include ninja in that. Yeah. They do ninja a lot too. But yeah. Any of those things. It's, it's just, Oh, oh, she's such a rock star. She's rock star. Oh, he's such a rockstar. No, no, actually no. He's not a rockstar. Talk To Greg. He's a rockstar at accounting. If he was a Rockstar he would not be talking to us.


Yeah. I wonder if he'd be a rock star doing drugs and, and, and living the best life ever. What professions do you think are the furthest away from being an actual rockstar? Yeah. Something like In the CIA like Yeah. Director of the C. They might be rock Star. Reach out to Leon Panetta. He's a rockstar. Yeah. If, you're, if you're like assassinating p heads of state, that's kind of rock stars. Anyone that's maybe actually Anything with an Excel spreadsheet as as far away from being a rock. Someone who works at the IRS. Yeah. There's definitely been someone who's been referred to as the IRS. Hank is by the way, where you pay taxes. Got it. I know you don't do that. Reach out to the head, head auditor over there. Yeah. He's a rockstar. He's a rockstar. Alright. What, what do we miss? Net. Net. Net. Net's a good one. Oh, net. That might be personal to us though.


Yeah. That's very personal to us. We had one coworker that would say net net. I had along the same lines of rockstar, kind of somebody who says that I'm passionate about and then something that absolutely nobody is passionate about. Yeah. Like someone's like, I'm passionate about real estate. Yeah. No one's passionate about It. Picnic. Picnic. You guys know picnic? No, no. It's picnic When Someone screws up and they, they can't get their computer work and you end up realize it's the person. So you say that's a picnic issue. Problem in chair, not in computer. Oh. Oh. I like that. That's Good. I like that. I one I use personally, probably the only one on this list is when I will send an email and be like, I'm CCing this person and it's essentially saying I'm not, I'm no longer responsible for this email.


Like this is not my issue. I'm giving you the person. Synergy Synergy's. That's like a classic one. Yeah. That's a classic. That's an old school One. Think outside the box. Think outside the box. Yeah. On your radar. Wanna put something on your radar? That one drives me nuts. 'cause it's like, what am I supposed to do? They're not really telling you to do anything. They're just putting it on your, your radar. Yep. What about using the word effort as a verb? We're gonna effort this. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna effort this one. Our team's gonna Effort This. There's A lot that I don't know here. The, the other ones on, my dad had a, had a big list that I didn't never even heard of picking up Jello. Okay. Oh, I like that. It is kind of like boiling the ocean. We, we need our next Baha blast. Herding Cats.


Herding cats. Herding cats. Yeah. Okay. Getting a 30,000 foot view of something. Yeah. Wait. Herding cats would be hard, right? Difficult. Yeah. Yeah. That's like similar to picking up jello. Yeah. Yeah. Hard to get up. Jello. I like picking up jello. I just had fiscal year on mine. I don't think that's really jargon, but you know, every time when I never really understand it but it's a thing. I know it's a thing. Qs, This really is an entire mount rush. Where of us just like flexing that we don't have to do any Of these things. Hank, what q are we in right now? We are in Q3. Q3. Okay. Are you Sure it's Q3? Yeah, it's definitely Q3. Okay. Well I thought every where go with the Qs Don. We in the heart of Q3, But it depends on the fiscal year. Yeah, that's true man. You know don't don't, some companies measure fiscal years In February.


Yeah. Like ours should be like after the Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. It's the fiscal year. You don't know what Q it is. No, I know. It's our Qs Should only be the football season. Yeah. Q1 hasn't even started. No, we're Yeah, we're in Preq. Yeah, We should, we should do the fiscal years only the football season and then everything else is just off season. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. So like weeks one through four is Q1. Lovey Smith used to do that where he'd be like, yeah, one through four would be quarter one. We gotta go three in one in the first quarter. That's how you want to start. Yeah. Best practices. Yeah. Wear many hats. Yeah. Wearing many hats is good. It means that person just isn't good at anything. Being a thought leader. Yeah. That's such a funny term. Yeah. I'm a thought leader. Yeah. In the, in the accounting space.


Low hanging fruit. Hanging fruit. Did we do, we did bandwidth. Low hanging fruit back burner. Move the needle. Move the needle. Needle. Yeah. Yeah. That's usually done by a rockstar Or a drug dealer. Yeah. The, I'll give you seven minutes of your day back. Oh yeah. What's that? End the, in the meeting early? Yeah. Okay. That's, I'm in some meetings now where that's like I, because I still kind of like, I don't really deal with it that much, but I'll be in some meetings where that's like a big like, alright, everyone gets 10 minutes of their day back and it's like, oh my God, I can't exit this Call to get ready for your next meeting. Yeah. What about telling somebody that you need to sharpen your pencil on this? Ooh. Because that is like saying you need to do a better job at doing your job.


Yeah. If they're not gonna be able to make a meeting, they say I'm gonna be out of pocket. Yeah. Yeah. Out of pocket. Yeah. That one drives me nuts. Every time. Every time. So you can get into any meeting anywhere. Anytime. What about calling slide shows decks? Is that just what they're called? Deck for you? Yeah. I got a deck. Take a look at my deck. Yeah. Look at my deck. Yeah. Send me Deck. Yeah. That One. Yeah. Send me a picture of your deck. We gotta manage expectations. Gonna tee this up. That means that whatever you're about to do is gonna suck. Yeah. Over promise. Expectations under deliver or no, that's the wrong way to do it. Under promise. Over deliver. Oh man. If I had to deal with these words a thousand percent Th A hundred percent.


A hundred percent. A hundred percent went to a thousand percent though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's been the pen ever since Penn has been like, we've been just back to bar sold. I've dealt with probably like 80% less of it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. The people that believe these words, it is hilarious. Yeah. It's just passionate about it. It's crazy. People that know him, people there, it is like an art form. Like seeing someone in a setting where they can just say nothing. Right. But make you believe something is actually impressive. 'cause I can't do it. But like, I've been in meetings where I'm like, this person isn't saying anything. Yeah. There's, I mean there's some jobs, but they're convincing. Yeah. There's some jobs where it's just all, your entire job is just to meet and that's it. You just go from meeting to meeting.


I'm passionate about new strategies and eTail. I had a guy tell me that one time. It's like, no, you're, you're not pa you just want people to think that you like your job. Yeah. That's All that means. Course to buy something. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very curious to know what Huey's picks for this would've been because Huey, I don't, do you have any corporate experience at all? I, I didn't have a Pick behind chef. Yeah. I Quid pro quo. Quid pro quo. Yeah. Okay. That, that was the only thing I was thinking. Pat. Oh yeah. These are all over my head. Literally. That's a good one. Above. They're above his pay grade. Yeah. They're above your pay grade Memes. Did you have any Memes? Probably wants to kill anyone Who says any of these? You guys nailed all of them. Good afternoon. That's a good one. What?


Like When you start off an email I hate, That's just, that's just normal life. Just like fuck your afternoon. I Love how it means that's just like normal, like human interaction means like fuck that. Just tell me what you want. Business jargon. You don you don't care about my afternoon. Just tell me what you want. That's just real life. That has nothing to do with like If. you see someone in the street, you say Good afternoon. Someone asks memes how his weekend was. He's like, you motherfucker. It's Like you don't give a shit. No. I like that memes. 'cause when someone says good afternoon to you, you know that whatever follows that is gonna ruin your afternoon. Yeah. Yeah. It's like there's not enough time left in the day to, to make my afternoon good now. Yeah. You just made it significantly worse. Yeah. Okay. Memes So miserable. Oh No. Yeah.


You talked me into that one. Memes. That was a good one. Yeah. Oh man. Alright, well great route Mount rush war. The final week is gonna be intense. How do you boys think you did? I think I did pretty good. It would've been nice to have my dad here, but that's okay. Hank, Hank brought his and so I hope that, I hope this was a great father son moment for you. It's gonna come down to the same page. And what was the third pick you guys had? Hard stop. Hard Stop. That's, I feel like that's gonna be a battle between those two. Yeah. What happened on, on hard stop? What? What did you point to? It was on our list. No, it was on our List. What did you point to though? It was on our list. What? What did you point to? It's a good pick. It was at the bottom of the list I think. Yeah. What Did you point to? It was another one that got chosen later in after that. Oh, Which one was It?


By PFT. Oh no. So I took the pic. Was it loopy in? No, Per my last email. Per my last email. Oh. I swipe per my last email. And you guys went hard. Stop. We were on the same page. That's awesome. Yeah, you gotta be on the same page. There's a mis We misread the pointing. Yeah. That happens. You get lost in the snake. Yeah. Yep. Big. Cat got lost in the snake I think after the first pick. Yeah. Yeah. Big time. Alright, let's finish with numbers. If, you get this? Max has never gotten the lottery ball. He has got the number though. Has Yes, I have. Yes. I have Mickey. Mickey Mouse. He's never gotten the lottery ball. That's Mickey Mouse. PFT hasn't gotten either. Not in this machine.


5, 7, 8, 20 56. 42, 3. I'm giving 99. Back to pug. Those boys know we're doing it. 99. It was pug, pug, Pugs not here today. Oh. Probably would've gotten it. Shane always gets 21, but it won't be 21. Oh my God. Is That 20? Yep. Oh, are you piece of shit now? You got nothing. You got absolute. No, no. I've gotten it. I've gotten It. Nope. Oh, you're so, why are you so to me? Upset. I've gotten You're so upset. This is the best I've pft. You're a piece of shit. Yeah, he is. You're never gonna get this.


I really need you. I'm Fucking you to get a piece of shit. Fucking I needed you to get out for him. Not promise you don. I fucked up. I pulled out all the steps. I went for 99 when po abandoned it. I did everything I could. This Oh, you pieces of shit. This is the best. Cut his mike. I'm the best lottery ball king, number king. We've all, we've cut his mic. We've, I've gotten it. Have I got it twice? I might've gotten it twice. Yeah. Listen, so I mean, good. Congrats that you got it once now. PFT. Oh, I listen. It's all on me. Oh, I'll f take accountability. It's, it's now firmly entered the phase of, of God DM things. Memes. You've never gotten it though, right? Memes has never gotten it. Period. Damn. No. Not in the old machine. Not in the new machine.


Not on on the road. Congrats Max. Congrats Max. Good job. Good job Max. Good job. I, I think I did guarantee the PFT would get it part before and you let me down back. I'm sorry I fucked up. You let me down big time. So fucked up. So is it, it's pf t's Never gotten it. Huh? Never gotten it. Not on this machine. Memes. Have you ever ever gotten it? It's tough. It's not. Not not so fun when the Robs got the gun. Oh, it's no. I'm gonna have to prepare for people. Just yelling random numbers at me now. Yeah. Oh Don't do that. Don't do that. If. you see PFTA pub punk or anywhere Out. Out and about walking. The walking Blake. Don't DC Friday, Philly, Saturday. Don don't. Or if you're in Philly Saturday, don't yell numbers at 'em. Like if it's in between songs. There's a little lull. Don't just numbers. I'm mad Numbers.


I usually said 20 before he could and I didn't. This time I let you boundaries. Yeah, that's true. That's actually so true. No, I'll wear it. All right. See everyone on Wednesday. Love You guys. God damn damnit. Max. She talking away. I dunno what fuck to say or say. Anyway. Today is a Monday to find you shy away. Oh, I'll be coming for your love. Okay. Shy away. Oh, I'll be coming for your love. Okay.


That life is okay. Say up To me. I better to be than say up To me. I better to be saved than you. Things I've to. I'll be coming for. You'll be coming for you.