
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have MLB opening day with our good friend Jeff Passin. We also have attorney Game to remember with Texas Tech taking down Arkansas. We're gonna talk about the rest of the Sweet 16 Kevin Willard and the weirdest exit possible. LeBron went on Pat McAfee and made some waves, renewed his rivalry with Stephen A. Smith new one with Brian Windhorst. And then we we're gonna finish the show with some Severance Finale talk and Fire Fest of the week.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings when it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure, nothing's for sure. Upsets, buzzer beaters. Cinderella's advancing top seeds going home early. It's all gonna happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with DraftKings Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio. The crown is yours.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. Pardon My Take my yeah. Pardon My Take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings bet the unexpected with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Friday, March 28th.


And boys, we finally had some madness. Texas Tech down 16 with 10 minutes left. Takes down John Cal Pari and the Arkansas Razorbacks. And I feel bad for Arkansas fans, but I laugh at Cal because that was an all time meltdown. And Hank just sent me a graphic. This is reading off. So, so, so Arkansas doesn't own all of this. 2021, missed the tournament. 2022 is all Cal 2022 lost to 15 St. Peter's. 2023 lost in the second round. 2024. Lost to number 14. Oakland 2025 blew 16 point second half lead.


Yeah, I don't know that you can group this one in with the other ones because at least he got this far and he was a 10 seed. Yeah, it's a bad choke. Don't get me. It was a, it was a hog reveal there chokers. That was bad. It was a bad, it was a bad job in the second half for sure. I don't know that you would put this on the same level as losing to a 15. This was a bad loss though. Especially the way that Texas Tech was playing. McMillan was out. They were not shooting the ball. Well they were absolute monsters on the offensive glass. There was one possession where I'm I like I, I think, I think Texas Tech got the offensive board like five times in a row and then finally wheeled the ball in the hoop. Yeah, because it felt like for the first 35 minutes of this game, Texas Tech, every time they scored was a miracle.


And they found a way. They willed it. They scored that three with nine seconds left. And then the real egregious thing by Cal is he doesn't call a timeout with nine seconds left. Just lets his team go down there. Boogie Flynn takes a, takes kind of a fade away that the front iron that was avoidable and Texas Tech incredible fight by them. They deserve all the credit. Well It was the classic Todd Bowles, you can't take 'em with you. Yeah. You got the timeout burn a whole. I guess he was like, I guess maybe we can just catch him by surprise. Yeah, but maybe his thought was that Darien Williams would be winded after backing the guy down and he wouldn't get back on defense. Maybe A travel Darien Williams by the way. I enjoy watching him play very much.


'cause he is just always bumping and grinding And big boy he is also in slow motion. He had a couple of moments where there was like a breakout and he just, he, he basically let the entire Arkansas defense get back because he's like, I'm not gonna do This. Yeah. Big boy bumping and grinding. Boys are buzzing. I Do feel bad for Arkansas fans. Eric Musselman wouldn't have blown that lead. Oh no. No chance. Absolutely not. Nolan Richardson wouldn't have blown that lead. Yeah. Yeah. We, I mean we have fun with Cal. That was, that was bad. Well, I, I like Cal. He's, I want him around in college basketball. He's fun. But that was a bad One. They don't call it 45 minutes of hell. Yeah, it's 40 minutes of hell. So at that point Kalari is like, you know, they don't pay me for overtime. Texas Tech shot, what was it they fi they actually shot 25% from three.


So they kind of cleaned it up at the end because they hit a couple. But there was a moment there where they were shooting like 9% from 3 22 offensive rebounds is ridiculous. Yeah, It's Crazy. That's a ridiculous number. And they're a good team and they've been injured like all year. They've had guys in and out. JT Toppin with that. He had that hook shot and overtime that was just a thing of beauty. But Texas Tech that we, we deserve that game. I'm glad that we got some overtime. I got the, I'm glad that we got some action. The Sweet 16 because the first two games sucked. Bad games, bad job basketball. Well, bad games. And listen, I bet BYUI put a lot of money on 'em Game of the year. I'm, I can hand up and say that was not a bad game.


That was a nuclear explosion by Alabama. I don't think I've ever seen a team shoot the three like they did tonight. And that was what BYU Against Wisconsin. They didn't shoot it like that. It, it was pretty good. But yeah, Alabama Hit 20 what they did tonight. Yeah. They were playing Missoula Ball. They shot 51 threes and they almost, they shot, they were 25 for 51. You actually could take out the last second Huck by Grant Nelson at the end of the first half. That really wasn't an attempt. They were 50% from three, shooting 50 threes. If they hadn't shot a two point shot, they still would've won this game. It was insane. That's how crazy. When you take into account the three pointers and the foul shots that they made, if you eliminate every single two point basket that they made, they still would've beaten BYU.


I'm just gonna say it just 'cause you're just being unnecessary ugly there. BYU shot 12 of 26, 40 6%. That's half the amount of threes Okay. Against Wisconsin. It was crazy. They Shot 51 threes and hit half of 'em. That's insane. It was, it was absolutely nuts. I don't think any team in the country beats Alabama if they're shooting like that. Oh, I agree. Like that was, and they were shooting from deep, they were shooting. 'cause you know BYU was trying to mix it up. They were throwing some zone at him. They were just shooting over the zone. Mark, Mark Sears was 10 for 16 from three 10 for 16, from three. He Just kept shooting and it just kept going in. It was, it was insane. I I I know we, we joke about Alabama because of our, our friend Rico Bosco that Alabama's fun to watch.


And that was, that was an insane like offensive explosion. Yeah. I mean people, you scored 88 points and lost by 25. So I got a dumb question for you Big Cat, is it bad that they shot so good? Does that ever carry over to that? If you have a, like an outlier, a game like this that's so insanely good from three points, are they, they're not gonna be able to keep that going. Right? I think, I think the rims in Newark might be a little soft because we saw at the Duke game too, where Duke, that was 193 points. Yeah. So, so combined in, in those two games was like over 400 points. I guess you could also say they gave up 88. They did. Yeah. They gave up 88. But like it, that's insane to give up 88 and still win by 25 and still Just beat the shit out of your opponent.


Yeah. That Alabama team is that, that's a scary that that is what if you're an Alabama fan, you just have in your back pocket where you're like, Hey, we could just come out and just shoot and hit every three and no one can beat us. 'cause they do have that. Yeah. And that was what we saw tonight. And it was incredible to watch. And BYU they weren't making their threes tonight like they were against Wisconsin. No, they were ice cold from the outside. I was hoping that the rim in the first half would translate and that BYU would heat up in the second. They also, here's one thing I noticed about BYU. I've never seen a team miss as many AlleyOOP Yeah. As BYU missed. I even, I think it was a little bit racist how how high they were throwing the ball and missing their AlleyOOP. I Was gonna say some of them technically aren't even misses 'cause they wouldn't hit the player.


Yeah. It Was a turnover. Does air, like, I don't know how the scores would, is that a shot? I think that's a turnover. Do I count that as a No, It's just a bad pass. Yeah. Yeah. It was like, I'm gonna throw that guy can jump 13 feet in the air. Yeah. It was, yeah. The BYU is not, not on their game. Alabama absolutely destroyed them. Duke I know is 193, but Duke just stopped playing offense for like the last 10 minutes. It felt like, like running their real offense because it felt like they could, they they were in control against Arizona for the entire game. Even got Kle bl who that was his last college game, went out on his sword scoring 35. We never got the bad Kle bl And we didn't his tournament. We didn't. But Duke looks so good that Game ended after that at the end of the half.


Yeah. When Cooper flag hit the buzzer beater three. They're just so, Duke just has so many guys and they're just, and when Cooper Flag's bringing up the ball, like, what are you gonna do? So The way they ran this game, especially after the first like 10 minutes, the last 30 minutes of this game, it was Cooper Flagg on the inside running a two-man game. Occasionally K Nipple would drive to the hole too. But they would just space out the defense and then let Cooper Flagg do whatever he wanted with the ball. Yeah. And they couldn't stop him. There was no chance. No, He was phenomenal. He scored 30 points. He was, he was all over the place. Yeah. Con nipple. I think we gotta just say nipple. Yeah. I do like when he does the shimmy and he gets to the baseline, I call it the nip slip. Yeah. That's a good move.


Con Nipple. Yeah. Con Nipple. Duke is fun. I have bad news. Duke is a fun basketball team. If you enjoy watching basketball, you're going to love Duke Blue Devils. It's crazy. I don't want them to win it all, but I've been saying they're gonna win it all and I don't hate them the way that I usually hate Duke and it, it hurts me. Yeah. 'cause they're fun to Watch. They are. And then the last game, Florida killed Maryland and Florida's really, really good. I expect Florida to go to the, to the final four. We had Condon did get hurt for a little bit there, which was scary for Florida. 'cause that is their ceiling. Yeah. Him being out there and they're just an awesome team.


The story obviously though is Kevin Willard in the weirdest like three weeks stretch. 'cause this goes all the way back, I think before the Big 10 tournament, right around the Big 10 Tournament. Kevin Willard, should we first announce it? Congratulations to Kevin Willard. You are the head coach of the Villanova Wildcats. Wow. You got your guy. Max. Max. Congrats. Max. You got your guy. Yep. How would You, how would you rate Kevin Willard's exit from Maryland? Not a great exit for Maryland, but I'm worried about his tenure at Villanova. That's a past, we're worried about the future. Okay. And Kevin Willow to Villanova. So you just said the quote I heard from Max Memes, I don't know know if you caught this, was I am worried about Kevin Willard at Villanova.


Yeah. No, I'm, I'm focused on That. No, you said worried though. But that's what I care about. That's my, I'm not worried about that. I think that if I was, if I was in charge of a coaching search, I would take into account how poorly he handled the exiting of the Maryland job. And I'd be like, actually I don't know if we're gonna go ahead and do this. Maybe The people of Maryland are also doing a bad job behind doors, you know? Okay. So from what we know, the Maryland Athletic Department seems like a shit Show. It seems like a shit show. And I feel, I wanna say this, I feel really bad for Maryland fans because this should have been a really fun, like Sweet 16 run. They hadn't gone to the Sweet 16 in 10 years.


You had Derrick Queen's buzzer beater on Sunday. It should have been a really fun, like this is the start of something big. And instead it was two weeks of just the weirdest press conferences and the weirdest headlines. And Kevin Willard, from everything that I've read, essentially, he's been the Villanova coach for like a week and a half now. He, he started this all two weeks ago doing a press conference, being like, Hey, we need more support. We need more NIL, we need all this stuff. Fine. Totally fine. Everything I've read, Marilyn basically said, okay, Kevin Willard, you're right. We're gonna give you everything you want. And he's like, well actually Villanova's gonna give me, I'm, I'm going to the Big East.


I wanna go back to the Big East. And everything I asked for, yeah, you delivered it, but I'm not gonna take it. It's, it's a bad position for a coach to be in because coaches, here's a, a news flash. They have zero loyalty to whatever job that they're at. Correct. Unless it's one of probably like a dozen, there's probably a dozen schools that guys are at where they're like, this is where I want to be, as long as they'll have me. But outside of that, they will be looking for a higher paying job, a better job if it's available. And it sucks. It sucks. I, this is the part that I, I don't like about college basketball is this type of stuff. Because Maryland should have been such a good feel, good story. It should have been, you know, I feel bad for the, for the players.


I feel bad for the fans because the nature of the sport, they've had a bad time going to the Sweet 16. Right. It has not been enjoyable. There was nothing happy about this time for them. There's really no fix. Like, I can't think of a way to, to make this right off the top of my head, but I do maybe if just if well there, if reporters agreed to stop asking coaches, well no. About jobs, The fix is, he could have done it one of two ways. He could have done it The Will Wade way, Which I didn't mind. Yeah. And just say, yeah, I'm taking the Villanova job. I love these guys. I'm gonna, I'm gonna coach these guys. I'm gonna coach my ass off for these guys, but I I am gone. Or just the no, like basically don't talk about it at all. Because he did the thing.


Like, I, I understand coaches will do this all the time and it's bullshit. But I also am never gonna begrudge someone taking a, a, a higher paying job or a job they want to go to for family, whatever it may be. But you could easily just say like, I'm focused on this team, I'm not gonna talk about this. My agent's gonna handle everything. He went on a radio show on Tuesday and said, I'm the Maryland coach as of right now. That's crazy. And This is the, the same thing that he did. He was at what Seton Hall before he was at Seton Hall. So when he was at Seton Hall, his season ended kind of the same way. And in the tournament he was like, yeah, I've got an agent. I haven't talked to him yet, so I don't know what's gonna ha He was like very, very cagey about it. About the way that he left. He, He said in his postgame press conference, the only thing I'm worried about right now is who my next boss is gonna be.


Yeah. So he was still throwing shots at Maryland. Yeah, because his way out because they fired the ad. Went to smu. Yeah. And he and he is like, I haven't talked to my wife. I haven't talked to my agent. That's all lies. He's talked to both. Yeah. He's, he's gonna be announced to Villanova head coach if he's not, I actually don't think you can go back if you're Kevin Willis. Well, so there was a report that came out that said that he is expected to take the job. I think it was Baltimore Sun, but Maryland is planning on making a latch last ditch effort to bring him back. Which would be wild. So awkward because when they left the team hotel today to go to the game, the fans booed him. Maryland fans booed their head coach on the way to a Sweet 16 game. And He, there was a a, a report, it was a rumor who knows that he did not go to the team dinner last night.


Do you think That's true? I it might be because he, he strikes me the way he's handled this whole thing. And listen again, I, people, most people aren't confrontational. I don't, I don't like confrontation. He, he probably was like, I'm just gonna stay at home and do some game planning. 'cause I don't really wanna sit with my players and my staff and have to have them make jokes or ask me questions. Yeah. I think you're right. I think the way to handle is just like, I'm not gonna talk about anything else. Not Talking about It. You gotta set the ground rules right. As a head coach not gonna talk about the next job Or the will Wade. Not the halfway of. As of right now I'm the Maryland coach. Here's how I would handle it as somebody that would not feel comfortable doing the, yeah, I'm taking the Villanova job, but I'm still coaching these guys and I love these guys.


I would probably say, I'm not gonna talk about my future. I love these guys. Yeah. And then I'd shame the reporters for asking me about it. Yeah. I love That movie. I focus on the kids. It's Like, I I think it's highly offensive that you wanna take the spotlight off the, off the players and their experience and try to divide us. I think that's a shameful thing to do. That's What IZO did. Yeah. Do you see the izo when they asked him about the transfer portal? He is like, I got guys here. I got 15 guys here that I love. I'm I I don't wanna talk about new guys. I don't wanna talk about the transfer portal. Yeah. It's my guys right here. Yeah. Like that there is something you don't know. When Kevin Willard's been coaching for 18 years, this was his first Sweet 16 run and it basically was s sued by all of this. Like I just, again, it's it, you can do whatever you want.


You can take whatever job you want. There's just a way that you can avoid all of this. And he basically, he did the exact opposite of avoidance in the fact that he made it as murky as possible and he kept on having weird press conferences and kept on stoking the flames. Like he could have shut this down and he just didn't. Yeah. He did a bad job quitting. But I still think that whether you go that way or the the will wade way, it sucks that it's a conversation that happens. Yeah. I Like, I also part of sports. I Don't, that happens in March. Especially with, I mean this is how NIL works now. This is how transfer portal did. We always said that it was unfair that coaches could move and players couldn't. Now it is equal. We have, you know, Scottie Pippin's son hit the transfer portal.


He's on Michigan, Michigan's in the sweet 16. It's, remember when Bo bu did it for Penn State when they're in the Playoffs? Yeah. This is just the reality of it. They should change, they should change when the transfer portal, 'cause that's the other part is the transfer portal opening during the tournament or the transfer portal opening during college football Playoffs is so fucking asinine and so backwards. Because I bet you not to excuse Kevin Willard, if the transfer portal opened, let's say April 15th, Kevin Willard would not have had to have as advanced talks with Nova because the pressure of, like, you gotta figure it out and you gotta figure out who your coach is. You gotta figure out the transfer portal starts so quickly.


You know what was crazy tonight too? Is that it? The first half was close. It was 40 to 38 at halftime. Do you think, do you think Kevin Willard was like, we're so close. Fuck it at halftime. I'm just gonna tell the boys I'm gonna open up my heart to 'em. Tell 'em Yeah. Be like, Hey guys, there's been a lot of talk. I I want you to hear it from me first. Yeah. I am leaving. Let's go out there and let's, let's fucking win this game because I love you guys and I'm still coaching you right now. And they took it the exact opposite way and they're like, fuck this guy. Yeah. Yeah, probably It could definitely have Happened. That was his big motivational speech. Backfired big time. Steven Cha was trying to get me on that. This is the exact same thing as Liam Cohen. The Bucks weren't still in the playoffs. Yeah. That not, not the same.


Like That's the thing is if Kevin Willard, if, if Derrick, it's a ladder climber, turtle, if Derrick Queen's buzzer, repeater doesn't go in. None of this is weird. Like it was a little weird a couple weeks ago when he, when he made the demands, but he would've been the Nova coach And we all would've been like, okay, that makes sense. Which By the way, this is a stat that I wish that we had. I wish that we had said this earlier in the week. Teams in the last 10 years are one in seven after a buzzer beater in the NCAA tournament in their next game. One in seven Would've liked to have known that earlier. I think I saw it. But that also is like, how much of that stat is re like, I don't know. It's real. But I Yeah, and I understand, but is it just, I I I'd have to look 'cause you'd think maybe buzzer beaters what?


You think it's directly correlated. You hit a buzzer beater, you lose The next game. No, I think, I think it has more to do with maybe an underdog. Yeah. That shouldn't win the game. Right. And they end up winning at the very last second on a fluky shot. They're less likely to beat a better team in the next round. Right. It has nothing to do with the actual shot. Right. And how do you feel Hank Was ready to ride? Stats are stats. Stats are stats. But you'd probably have to look into it a little more. Numbers never lie. Numbers never lie. Hank, how did you like the games tonight? They were great. I Liked the It was fun. It's a fun night. It was better. Better than last weekend. Yeah. And we should have, I mean the Elite eight matchups now this is the, the whole deal we made is there was no upsets at the beginning of the tournament. But Duke Alabama's gonna be great.


Texas Tech, Florida should be great. Like these are great games. Kentucky, Tennessee, tonight, Kentucky, Miss Michigan. It's, it's, It's stacked. Yeah. We're, we're living in the best times. Michigan, Auburn, The Crown starts on Monday. I don't dunno if you guys have seen but not watching, but I'm actually jacked up for the Crown. I'm, I'm not gonna watch the Crown. Yeah. You on a show on Netflix. You, you know why you're gonna watch the Crown? You're gonna watch The Crown because the Crown starts Monday at 2:00 PM I I like the timing. Yeah. And it goes 2:00 PM 4 30, 7 30, 10 o'clock. You're gonna watch The Crown. I can't turn my back on NIT Stew. Oh, I'm Sorry. The ITT crew. Ohm. Sorry. Also I should mention on Tuesday, 2:00 PM four 30.


7 30 10 o'clock. You're gonna watch the Crown buddy. It's good having basketball on those Days. I'm gonna watch the Crowd those days. I mean the timing of it is a no brainer. Yeah, It's great. What Are the matchups, which crown matchup are you most excited for? Kat? Okay, Tell me the teams then I'll tell you how excited I am. Nebraska, Arizona State could be good. Washington State, George Georgetown. I might take the over in that Utah Butler. George Washington, Boise State. We need to find a crown expert. DePaul, Cincinnati, UCF, Oregon State, Villanova, Colorado. Tuesday night. Tulane, USC, our Guide boss. Where are they playing the games? Vegas. Okay. That's all Of 'em being played in Vegas. So yeah, I'm a Crown guy.


I'm, I'm, I'm excited for the Crown. I want Max, will you be live streaming every, every Crown game? Yeah. No. You almost said yes. I, I get fucked up with, I'm looking at Pacific time. I don't know what that means. What Do you mean? So all of these are two hours back. Does it say why is your Computer not typical time? Well I'm looking at the bracket. Oh, so on the printout bracket it says Pacific. So that means that you need to add two hours to it. Just Look at the website. Got it. I also like that the, that the, like the final four of the Crown is the same day as the real final four. But it's just before. So if you're like crazy. Oh, Appetizers. Oh that's great. Yeah. So the, it's 1230 and three our time.


That's great. So it'll be like going right up until the final four. What about the championship Sunday? Love it. Okay. Yep. Love it. It's great. It It's, I'm a crown guy. It's good scheduling. It's good scheduling for the crown. You're crown with a sickness. Sure. I don't know what that means at all. It's a lyric. What? Down with the sickness. Oh God. It got it. Got it, got it, got it. Got it. I thought this, I don't know. My Bad. Just say I'm crying with the sickness. Yeah. Yeah. I'm crying with the sickness for sure. Fuck yeah. Fuck yeah. You're max. Alright, we got, we gotta talk. Talk some, some LeBron. Before we do that,


Hank will you look up what the prices are on Gametime for the Cubs opening day next Friday? Sure. Baseball is back. There's nothing like getting to a baseball game, especially last minute. Lucky for me, I always use Gametime. The official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to Showtime plus the Gametime picks feature makes it even easier to find the great deals on the seats you want just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your Gametime app. Homepage. Cubs opening day Friday against the Dodgers. Yeah, I think it's gonna be a nice day too. And you can get into Wrigley for just $64. Wow. Use the Gametime picks. You can put those savings back in your pocket and spend them at the ballpark on a hotdog, a new hat or some good old fashioned cracker Jack, what are you waiting for? Buy those Cubs Dodgers tickets now with Gametime Picks. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime.


Okay. LeBron James. He went on Pat McAfee's show on Wednesday, lit the world on fire, then hit a game winner against the Pacers. Then we should mention he had the laziest entry pass ever in the bowls who were very hot, won on a Josh Giddy half court shot, which was an incredible, if you didn't watch, I would assume a lot of people didn't watch the Bulls Lakers just pull up the clips for the last 40 seconds. It was insane. It was nuts three to cut it within two. Yeah. And then stolen inbounds pass. Kobe White Was just on fire again. He's been on Insane Run. And then was it Lakers scored two? Yeah it was. It was Luca to Austin Reeves. Yep. They go ahead and then Giddy hits the half court shot.


Yeah. Half court shot. But LeBron, LeBron Ation LeBron Ation. Great name for, for the interview. I have some takes. I want to hear what you guys have to say. My first take is how pissed do you think Skip Bales is That he's not involved? LeBron goes on this con on this on Pat McAfee show was was actually like pretty entertaining. Very entertaining. You know, I, I like the whole thing. You didn't hear LeBron, you you LeBron doesn't do these type of interviews often and he started a war with Brian Windhorst. He went at Stephen A. Smith again and Said the NBA was rigged. Say the NBA was rigged, said Giannis could have dominated the seventies.


Said His team that made the finals when he was younger was a joke. Basically shout on it like the end bear out. Yeah. But all this to say Skip Bais was not mentioned once and all Skip Blis wants to do is get mentioned by LeBron. He's the big loser In all of this. Yeah. Lab LeBron. Yeah. Skip was really, he was grasping at straws tonight because he was pissed. He was mad at LeBron. He was, you know, calling him out for losing the game tonight in the home palace of Michael Jordan. Yes. And so he was laying in extra hard trying to make LeBron seem like a loser. But in reality Skip was just like, maybe he'll talk. Maybe you think maybe he's gonna call like Stephen a by my name. Yeah. In this, in the LeBron conversation. But I thought that LeBron and then Stephen a's response to LeBron, they just need to have a fucking conversation on, on a podcast together.


They need to quit talking about each other behind each other's backs. They need to just sit down and and do it all in a room. You think that this is all the work to get Stephen A. Smith some ratings? I don't know to get the NBA talked about it does feel very work at this point. I have not given up on my conspiracy theory that LeBron is starting this separate league. Him basically admitting that, you know, he believes the NBA was rigged is further evidence of it. It's Trying to put it a little crack. Yeah. Cracking The truth. Hank, I I've, I've agreed with you since day one when the, when LeBron said that he was go thinking about starting his own league that would rival the NBA after they've done everything just bending over for him for the last 25 years.


I thought that fair play on both sides until Stephen a was like you didn't go to Kobe's funeral and Well no he didn't say That. I know he Said Good point, good point. He he Things that he was never brought up. Yeah. There are things that he brought him Up. There are things that he could have brought up in the past and he didn't. Which he hasn't. And he will continue to not bring them up. Correct. And those things as he listed them were, I didn't bring up that you didn't go to Kobe's funeral. Yeah, I get it right when I'm talking about the news between you and your son, there were things about your son's illness. I'm so thankful that he's okay and then he just moved on from that point. Yeah. And Also the Dwayne Wade didn't go to Dwayne Wade's Hall of Fame induction. That's right. But when he fired the shot about Bronny, that was the weirdest one to me because he didn't finish his thought on it.


It was almost like one or two things happened. Either one, he was letting LeBron know that he knew something that he wasn't gonna detail or two he just decided mid-sentence, oh fuck, I better not go there because LeBron's gonna kick my ass. Right. And then moved on. But that part was really weird to me. And then also, oh yeah. It turns out that LeBron did go to Kobe's funeral and he just asked to not be photographed there. Right. Because he didn't wanna make it about himself. Right. The so that that the Stephen A. Smith LeBron stuff, I mean it's basically just giving Stephen A. Smith life But it's a power move by LeBron like to Do McAfee show. Yeah. Like I on the same station I amm the biggest LeBron hater. But Yeah He hates Stephen a and Stephen a hates McAfee.


So Yes. As a way to get back to Stephen a going on McAfee, like that's a, you gotta just tip your hat to that. And I thought Pat did a really good job 'cause Pat does do a good job of like asking questions that are uncomfortable. Like just getting right to it. The one, the couple things I, I like him going after Stephen A was fine, whatever. Like Stephen a, that's the game Stephen a wants to be talked about. I thought the windy shot was weird. Yeah, the windy shot was weird. Just because like I don't think Brian Windhorst has ever said he's best friends with LeBron. No. And he's also everything I've like heard from Wendy, he's always pretty effusive and praise of like I wouldn't have a career if LeBron. Yes. Like I wasn't in the same place same time as LeBron James. I think maybe what LeBron heard is everybody else being like, Wendy is best friends with LeBron.


That's why he gets all the LeBron scoops. But Wendy has never said that. It's just everybody else being like Wendy is the guy that has everything about LeBron. But It's also very funny because LeBron, you should probably look at your inner circle 'cause they're probably the ones talking to Wendy. Yeah, right. Yeah. I also, if I was windy, I would've been like it. I wish that LeBron would say that to my face because I did Wendy respond? I have to. I'd have to swing on. So Wendy had the whole media responding for him having his back. Yeah. So like, and these are minor things because it again, overall I like the interview and I thought LeBron was more relatable than he is been in a long time. The the other one that I was just like, this is weird. The Giannis scoring 250 points in the seventies that just feels, it feels desperate of like trying to push, you know, I'm the goat conversation and it always strikes me as weird when guys like bash the people who came before them who not only like seventies, NBA players team games were on tape delay, guys weren't being paid a ton of money.


They were traveling like shit. Like those guys built what the NBA eventually became. So you should have a little more like reverence for those guys I would assume. But it's also weird to me because if you're bashing guys from the seventies, what do you think's gonna happen in 40 years? You're Gonna get bashed. Yeah. Right. It's like, it's like having a conversation. Like everyone knows someone who's a big gossip and always has like inside, you know, telling you, oh this guy's doing this. Like, and they ask you what's going on in your life? And you're like, no, you're just gonna tell this to everyone else. You can't, if you're gonna bash the seventies, they're gonna bash you eventually. Or It's like hypothetically, if a coach left a job unceremoniously, right, what do you think he's gonna do to your job at some point?


Right. It's just so weird to me. Like you're gonna get, it's gonna come around on you LeBron. I don't know why you could just take the high road and be like, the guys in the seventies were great in their own way. The errors have changed, basketball has evolved. But I appreciate them and I hope people will appreciate what I've done for the sport in 40 years. Also, if ya, is he saying that if you took modern day Giannis and then just teleported him back in time and dropped him in the middle of a game? Yeah, he would dominate. Okay. That's that's probably correct. Yeah. He'd probably be the best player by, by far. But also if you were to take Giannis and then have him be born in that era Right. He probably would never play in the NBA because they didn't scout in Greece. Correct. And so you LeBron, if he had been born into that era, probably would've been a great player, great basketball player, one of the best.


But would he have been as, he wouldn't be a carbon copy of who he is today, Would he have been able to play for 20 plus years? No way. Super teams didn't exist. He might never have won a title. Yeah. But he also like his career longevity is because of how far we've come in sports science. You'd think like to bash those guys, they, they were playing in fucking Converse in Chuck Taylor's. Yeah. I don't like him going at Windy. I don't Like Yeah. Windy was Too much. I don't like that. But I do like the fact that Stephen a is like I would've swung on him if he put hands on me. Yeah, I love that. Yeah, I like that too. And Then I also fair play by LeBron posting the boxing video of Stephen A. Smith. Yeah. And be like, bring it on. It's a good rivalry. It's a great rivalry. It is a great rivalry. The other two ones I Had, Hey, do you think that Stephen A. Smith and Pat McAfee don't like each other?


I think there was a report Definitely Because he, Stephen a Definitely Stephen a seemed very complimentary to Pat McAfee earlier. I think that's been, it's been, the beef has been settled but I think there was a beef six months Ago. Okay. This also Stephen a was in a contract here. So I think he probably was, you know, hangry All the time. Yeah. He's never been on McAfee's show. Oh he hasn't? I didn't know that. No, I didn't know that. Wow. So yeah, I mean that's not really like I know there was a report, I lemme confirm that, but Other two funny side pieces of the LeBron ation. I saw this, this tweet from Justin term term mind.


Sorry if I fucked up your name. Dude. Term mind radio host to NBA today, four to seven eastern on SiriusXM. The most disturbing part of this entire interview was the amount of swearing for a guy who claims he understands his responsibility as a role model. Very disturbing. Makes you appreciate guys like Steph Curry even more. Very disturbing Fact. Fact, I was disturbed. The part that I liked the most was the swearing. Yeah. Yeah. It makes relatable. It Was the best swear. Yeah. And then the other one was Hank your boy perk down bad. Did you see that? Perk says that he blocked LeBron's number after LeBron unfollowed him on Twitter.


Perk is down bad. I mean perk also is like, That's a thing. Does he understand what, like blocking someone's number who never calls you and who just unfollowed you? You're blocking somebody that already broke up With you. I got your ass. I was actually thinking about this one else. That it is probably so that he doesn't reach out to LeBron. Yeah. To stop himself. You think you think Perk has LeBron in his phone as do not text. Yeah. Do Not text. And you get a couple glasses of red wine and Perk. And He got cut off from the Celtics too. He did? Yeah. For what? For like talking shit last year being like break up the Jays and, and you know, this team's not gonna win a title. And so he like, he's not even welcome back. Like within the organization. Really? K kinda roasted him too.


Yeah. No, he's gotten, he's he, he just burned all his bridges. Damn. Damn. That's tough. The swearing was bad. Swearing Was swearing was bad. No, it wasn't bad. It was very disturbing. It was fucking awful. It was very disturbing. Okay. M we'll B opening day. Yeah. We're gonna talk with Jeff Passin in a minute about, I I would say everyone should listen because he's great at giving us a lot of the nuggets, storylines, rookies that you gotta watch out for so you can know before everyone else knows. How'd everyone's MLB opening day Go? Tyler O'Neill hit a home run. So it went pretty good for me. Six straight, Six straight opening days.


Crazy. He was just like, I have no idea what's going on with me after he hit this one. He's Automatic. Cubs are wanting to know Philly's wanna know. I'm not counting Cubs are one. Oh, I'm not counting Japan. Yeah, but I'm not counting Japan. But Max are one. Oh. With an overtime win. So it's really, we got a point too. We Don't, we don't play hockey. We're playing hockey. We're playing hockey today. Hank. I was pumped actually. I was pumped having, we wanna know. Yeah, I was pumped. McKenzie Gore had 13 strikeouts through six innings. Yeah, he was in Hank. Yeah, but Alec Boom said after the game that it was 'cause of Shadows. Oh, Okay. Well he also pitched there last year and he wasn't as good. So Shadows four o'clock. He was like, how many strike no game should ever be. How many strikeout did your guy have? Max? You don't even my your guy.


Yeah. The best pitcher in the NL. Yeah. How many, how many strikes he have? Your Guy. I'm asking Your guy. I'm asking you a question. You Zach Wheeler. I think he had nine. You haven't answered. Let's see, let's look it up. Memes. How was Soto's debut? He got a hit and it's first at bat. How was his last at bat? Not great happened. Didn't bad strike out. Oh, Yankee Yankees win two today. We will win two tomorrow. What? I'm just saying it today was a win for the Yankees. Oh, they dominated. Oh we, Are we keeping up, are we doing game by game score on the Yankees Otto? Yeah. Okay. I'd like you to update that every time we do a show. Okay. Today. Today was the Yankees win. Alright, so when we do Sunday show, I want Friday, Saturday, Sunday.


Done. The best pitcher in baseball had eight strikeouts Max Eight. Eight strikeouts. Six innings, one run. That's McKenzie Gore had 13 strikeouts, six innings and zero runs. Which one's better? Seven to three. The final score. I No, we're talking about pitching. We're talking about the starting pitchers. Max we're Okay. But they got a point too. We got an overtime point. You lost The game. Oh dude. Over learn. Learn how to score the game. Matt, I have a question for Max. Hank, I actually already threw this out to PFT. We're gonna talk about this with, with Jeff passing. 'cause we were talking about rookies. Cam Smith. What? You don't like Jeff passing?


Eh, he might have had some words for you at the end. Cam Smith made the opening day roster for the Astros. He was part of the Kyle Tucker trade. A lot of Cubs fans are like, this sucks. Cam Smith's gonna be awesome. I think I'm rooting for Cam Smith to win Ale Rookie of the year. And I might even bet it. And the Masters. And the Masters because if he wins AAL Rookie of the Year, then Tom Ricketts has to resign Kyle Tucker. Otherwise it's one of the worst, worst trades ever. You think owners think that way? I don't, I don't know, but I'm just, I I'm, I'm trying to think. Optimistic. It's early. It's opening day. Do you think that's stupid? I I don't think it's stupid. Whatever makes you feel better. Well your incl, everyone's inclination is if you trade a prospect, you don't want him to be incredible right away.


But Kyle Tucker's on a one year deal and the goal is to obviously resign him. If Cam Smith is incredible and you're like, wow, we traded him. I think what you're really hoping you're cut's. Lemme cut through. That's preseason. Alright. Alright. I was, lemme working it out. I get one doesn't equal too. I get it. I understand the sentiment entirely. But here's, here's what you're doing. You're really hoping that your guy is good and that he stays around for a long time. Well, Kyle Tucker is good, but You want, you hope that he continues to be good. Right? You don't want them to put like a Jason Hayward type contract on him when he is, when he appears to be good. Just because you don't want to miss out on the guy that you traded away.


And then that contract becomes something that you wanna get rid of for the next four years. But Kyle Tucker's good and he's been good and he's on the right side of 30 little different than Jason Hayward. What if Camp Smith wins Rookie of the year and they don't resign Kyle Tucker Then it's a disaster. But you're rooting for that. I'm rooting for the pressure to be turned up to resign Kyle Tucker. And in reality, I know the other side of this is you. I mean, I guess you could, you could apply that pressure. Right? And the other side of this, which I've thought this all through, is the real way this is probably gonna work out is Cam Smith will be great and then Kyle Tucker won't get reigned with the Cubs and Tom Ricketts will, the only lesson he will learn from this is never trade prospects.


And then we'll hold onto prospects forever and they'll never be good. That's also a possibility. That's probably the reality. It Listen, it was a dumb thought. I threw it out there. I don't know. I don't think it's cope, but I don't know. Don't Think, I don't think it's a dumb thought. You have to protect Yourself. So maybe I should bet Cam Smith to win Rookie of the Year. You Have to protect yourself somehow. Yeah. I won't judge you for how you choose to do that. Okay. Kyle Tucker is very good. Yes. Kyle. Kyle Tucker's a guy You want Yes. Long term. Yes. And I'd like them to do that dumb thought, but we'll see. Maybe I'll bet it. Good thought. Yeah. Also, all the bad teams won today. Yeah. Or a lot of the bad teams won today. So you had the Marlins, they beat the, the Pirates and then you had the White Sox beat the angels.


My method this year, I'm not gonna be fading one team. I'm diversifying. Oh. So I'm gonna be fading what I, what I project to be the three worst teams in baseball, which would be the White Sox, the Marlins, and the Rockies. So I'm ing two on the season on that. Yeah. Not off to a good start, but the season's young season is young One, one day. Also I saw some Yankees guys looking a little bit disheveled with the new grooming standards. Clean it up. I, I hope, I hope that the Yankees come out tomorrow and they say Yeah. You know when we told you that, that we relaxed the grooming standards. That was a test to see who is a true Yankee. Yeah. Who wants to be a Yankee And And those of you that took advantage of that. See ya. I like that. Take a hike. I like that.


It was Entrapment. It was entrapment. We got you. We found out. We weeded it out. Cut all the guys that aren't true Yankees. Yep. I like your diversification, although it's the reverse. Mark Titus our friend, mark Titus bet the Marlins parlayed with the White Sox to both win their respective divisions $5 to win 350,000. Pretty Good off to a two and oh start. If The season ended today, that would cash. Would it? Did they beat Division rivals? I don't know if it would. I don't know if it would. I'm looking at the other No, The Marlins beat the Pirates. The Phil, the Phillies also the Phillies won what? Yeah, the Phillies won the end division games.


So the Phillies are probably, although technically I'm looking right now, the Marlins are listed first and the White Sox are listed second. So Wow. Might now work out. It's right there. It's right there. He just needs 161. More of those from both teams who are both gonna lose over a hundred games. Definitely. Okay, let's talk some more baseball and we'll be Opening Day With Jeff Passan. And then we have severance spoilers and Fire Fest af after Jeff Passin. And then we will Yeah. Get to that.


Okay. Before we get to Jeff Passin talking baseball, guess what it is Summertime, it's about to be summertime. It's spring, but it's about to be summer and truly unruly is our drink of the summer. Truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light party hard with 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. Comes in four fresh flavors. Tropical Twist, Berry blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash. My personal favorite. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com. Like I said, it is spring. We're about to have golf coming, we're about to have beach coming. Baseball's back opening day. Truly unruly. It's gonna be a true, it's gonna be truly an unruly summer with truly unruly. 8% A v hits hard but still tastes amazing. Find truly unruly at a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Tax Act. Can you believe we're getting to the end of March and your taxes are due on April 15th? Hank, do you have any tips? Yeah, use tax act.com. They make it super easy. They got expert assist, they got everything you need to do your taxes. Okay. Is a hundred percent credentialed and a hundred percent US based Sure is. Okay. What about, can you get the answers you need starting at $20? You can. Oh wow. If you need a little help or a lot, can they answer all types of tax related questions? Everything and all their experts are US based. Okay. So get ready to go with Tax Act. It comes like that where it's like, alright, March happens, then you, you turn the calendar, boom, it's tax day. Make sure you get Tax Act and get yourself all squared away with tax act.com. Anything else? Hank, it's Crunch time and you want to get it right. Tax Act makes it easy so you can get them over with and be done for the season. Okay. Go to tax act.com. Awesome. Thank you. Hank, go to tax act.com.


Okay. Here he is, talking baseball, Jeff Passin. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest friend of the program. It is Jeff Passin from ESPN. It is opening day. We're gonna air this on Friday. So we're already gonna see opening day, although technically the Cubs are oh and two, I told you in text, I'm not, I'm just not gonna acknowledge those two losses. I don't think they should count. They should have done an exhibition game. But it leads into my first question for storylines going into this baseball season. Are the Los Angeles Dodgers bad for baseball? Everyone loves asking this question. And, and it's, the problem with it is if I say yes, then I'm lying.


But if I say no, then it infuriates everybody because I think fans of every team outside of the Dodgers believe that the Dodgers are bad for baseball. And, and I understand, like I get the sentiment. They have an incredible team. They have a chance to win more games than any team in Major league baseball history this season. If they can manage to stay healthy and, and when you put everything against the backdrop of that and of the fact that they're gonna spend a half billion dollars this year when you've got a handful of teams that have payrolls under a hundred million dollars and, and we're so conditioned to this parody salary wise because the NFL and the NBA and the NHL all have salary caps.


It it, of course it must be that the Dodgers are ruining the sport. And yet when I pull back and try and look at this rationally, they are playing in a collective bargaining agreement that was agreed to by all 30 owners. Now, I I bring that up because they decided for this system. Right. What the Dodgers have done is they've taken the natural advantages that they've had and use them incredibly well. Like if the Dodgers sucked at developing players or if the Dodgers sucked at analytics or if the Dodgers sucked at any of the areas where they're actually good, they wouldn't be this seemingly unbeatable machine that we see right now.


The problem is when you have a system that operates like Major League Baseballs and then you have a team that not only has that financial advantage but is incredibly smart with how it deploys its resources too. You have the opportunity for a team that looks unstoppable and the only way to remedy that is, is not through a salary cap. Because if Major League Baseball, when the collective bargaining agreement expires in December, 2026, says the only way we're gonna go back to playing again is under a salary cap system. We're not going to have baseball in 2027. Right. Like it is plain and simple. They're not gonna be, players are not gonna be bullied and cajoled into accepting a cap because the notion that the cap is like this panacea that that, that it's going to fix all of baseball's problems.


No, A cap would not necessarily do that. It would help in some regards, but it wouldn't fix things. Right. And, and so because of that, I, I think we have to live with the idea that we've seen a team like the Dodgers in the past, they're called the New York Yankees. This was the narrative throughout the early two thousands. The late nineties when salary disparity really started coming into baseball. And what the Yankees did is they spent themselves into a bad position. We've seen the New York Met Skies spend themselves into a bad place. Money does not necessarily equal success in Major League baseball.


It allows you to make mistakes and it gives you opportunity at those high level players that some teams just don't have access to. And, and that's not great. Like if you wanna say that part is bad, I would agree with you on that. But is it bad enough where you're gonna put constraints in place that ultimately hurt the players? The people who we watch these games for, we don't watch it for the laundry. We watch it to watch incredible athletes do incredible things. And if you're trying to do something that harms them in the name of parody, you're barking up the wrong tree. All right. So I'm gonna wait for this season to happen to answer that last question. Is it bad enough that we need to change it everything?


Because if the Dodgers win like 125 games Yeah. And then sweep their way to the World Series, then we're, I'm just gonna play the results and be like, yeah, it's broken. How many games do you think they actually can win? Because they are, they, they won the World Series last year and then they added a ton of pitching and it feels like even if they have some injuries, they have guys that could step up. Like realistically, is the record something that you could like be like, yeah, we could be talking about this in late August? Yeah, I mean, we're looking at 116 games from the Seattle Mariners, and let's not forget that Mariners team bombed out like in the first round of the playoffs too. So that's like, when I try to, to answer that question, are the Dodgers good or bad for baseball?


Right? One of the things I always go back to is that I, I can more or less guarantee that the Dodgers are gonna be in the postseason and there are only 12 playoff spots, so there's a lot of value in that. But let's look past 2024 and back to 2023, they got swept right in the first round by the Arizona Diamondbacks. So let's look back to 2022. They got beaten by the San Diego Padres. Let's look back beyond 2020 when they won the Covid World Series. They hadn't won a World Series since 1988 and they have been spending not quite to this level, but pretty similarly over that time.


And so the great equalizer in baseball is that its postseason is just kind of a crapshoot. Like even the best team is gonna go into a series with a 60% chance of winning. Not a whole lot higher than that right now, if you look at the Dodgers, like the most favorable projections, have them like a 25% chance to win the World Series. Right Now, if you ask me, would you take the Dodgers or the field, even though the numbers suggest otherwise, I'd probably still say the Dodgers just because beyond their stars guys, they have so much depth in the organization. And depth matters. Depth allows you to weather the injuries depth, allows you to weather the ineffectiveness from some guys you might not have expected.


And that's one thing the Dodgers have done incredibly well. They, they have developed players who can either step in for free agents who leave or be there when guys get hurt. Yeah. I think they might be bad for baseball though, because here's why. Hear me out now. We're not complaining about the Yankees being bad for baseball. We're complaining about the Dodgers being bad for baseball. And I miss that. I miss being able to do that. We, you were talking about the salary, you know, obviously with a league that doesn't have the same salary cap, like, like the NFL does, it's not built for parity. Has there been more discussion about the salary floor and having a, a high salary floor? So some of these teams that, you know, get away with not spending any money at all, some would say it's disrespectful to their fan base, they're just printing money.


They know they don't have to win to make money. Has there been a discussion about incorporating that into the next CBAA Floor comes with a cap. A cap comes with a floor, the two shall never be separated. Right. And you know, as, as somebody who looks at like the Pittsburgh Pirates and sees Paul schemes on a near minimum contract and sees Jared Jones before he got hurt, but Mitch Keller, they've got Bubba Chandler coming up. Like the Pirates have an incredible pitching staff and they didn't do shit this off season. And, and it, you know, like I should be the person who's yelling about this because I live in Kansas City because I grew up in Cleveland because I embody like the Midwestern thought process when it comes to sports.


And you know, when you have a team like the Pirates, I, I look at them and I'm like, try just once. Yeah, just once, please go out and try to field a winning team. I look at Cleveland, they traded Andre Jimenez lost Josh Naylor this off season. They won the American League Central last year. Another team didn't do shit. And, and it just bothers me as a sports fan and somebody who loves nothing more than widespread competitiveness, that some of these teams that are in position to go out and potentially win World Series don't treat their seasons like it. It's disrespectful to fans. It's disrespectful to the game.


And listen, I would love for there to be a salary floor in place in order to force some of these teams to go and spend. We saw this off season, the Oakland A actually went out. Sorry, that's a the A's Yeah. Not Oakland anymore. Yeah. But the, the A's went out this off season and spent some money. And the reason PFT they did that is because they were in position for the Major League Baseball Players Association to file a grievance for them not spending enough of their revenue sharing money. Now it it, that was enough of a threat for them to go out and spend, but it wasn't seemingly enough of a threat for the Miami Marlins who were in the same position to go out and do that.


And I understand if you're gonna like pull back and do a full rebuild, it kind of makes sense just to bottom out what your pa what your payroll is going to be. But that doesn't make the game better, right? Yeah. And when too many teams are doing that, when the, when the lack of incentives to win are in place, it's problematic for the sport. Which is why I, I think MLB in the players' Association in particular did a really good job in the past collective bargaining agreement of draft pick penalties where you can't pick multiple years in a row inside of the lottery if you are at a certain salary level or a certain market level. So there are little things that are helping, but they haven't like solved the problem at this point yet.


And it, it's why when we get to that collective bargaining time, like you need smart people in the room to make decisions that positively impact the sport writ large. Yeah. Alright, so let's do NL a L. So NL is, is I would say is is more, you know, top heavy than the al it, it feels like, obviously you have the Dodgers, the Mets spend a lot of money, the Braves are getting a bunch of guys back, including aia. So I in the nl is there a team that you have circled as like, Hey, this is a team that no one's looking at that could possibly break through this? Mets, Dodgers, Braves, possibly Phillies, Diamondbacks, like top of the NL that looks top heavy.


I I think people are sleeping on Cincinnati a little bit. You know, Ellie de La Cruz has a chance to be a super duper star. And Matt McLean, who's the second baseman there was out all of last season, he's an all star caliber player and Hunter Green at the front of their rotation and they're managed by Terry Fona. Yeah. Who all he's done throughout his career is win the, the Reds sort of stagnated last year. I think I might've picked them to win the central last year. But, and a division as wide open as that is, I like a team that has some youth on its side. I like a team that has a, a little bit of energy going on and the Reds feel like they could be that team this year, because you're right in the National League, you've got your clearly established teams that are either gonna be good all the way to great in the East.


It's the Braves, the Phillies, and the Mets in the central, I don't know if anyone's good, all five could win that division, frankly. And in the west, the, the Dodgers clearly at the top at the Diamondbacks had the best offense in baseball last year and added Corbin Burns the best free agent starting pitcher this off season. The Padres still have a ton of talent and did a good job adding Nick Veta to a rotation that really needed another starter. And, and the Giants are an improved team and it, it'll be interesting to see a, how Willie Adamis plays there and B, how much Justin Verlander, who's like well into his forties now has left. Yeah. So in that central, we gotta check in on the health of our, our guy Christian Yelich.


He's very important to this podcast for reasons we could get into with you. But I don't think you wanna hear about, well Actually let's ask him if there's no way you're aware of what we have with Christian Yelich. I hope I you're not doing your job. If you're aware of it, I, I am happy to say that I am not aware It's for the best please. For the best enlightened me. So he had back surgery. Right. Are are we thinking that a guy like Christian Yellich would be able to compete in the home run derby this year? I don't give a shit about that. Why? Why do you Very important. We do. It's very important to us. We, if, if, if Christian Yellich ever wins a home run derby in his career, we have to eat each other's asses. Yeah. Okay.


I I do suddenly give a shit. Yeah, yeah. Right, right. It's very important to us. How can you not be romantic about baseball? Could he compete? I don't know if he could, but I do know that I have some favors to call. Well, There was a year that he hurt his back right before, so this all comes from, we, he's been a friend of ours for a while now And we first had him on I think 2017 And we were joking with him that he doesn't really have a good home run swing. And it was also the time that there was a porn going around where the do the guy in the porn was a doppelganger for Christian yellowish. It looked exactly like him And we brought it up to him. He's like, yeah, I get tagged in it a lot.


And then, then it just went to that, you know, the old like, I'll eat my column Pft. And I were like, well, we'll eat each other's asses. So, but you're saying he probably can't? No, no I'm not. Oh, in fact I'm rooting really hard for it now. I'm gonna make sure that like the juice, like the especially juice balls are there for him. Oh shit. Oh Yeah, yeah. Okay. Alright. So The al I feel, I feel like after I watched, I watched the latest White Lotus last night. Oh, I feel like this is like a, yeah, it's a very white Lotus conception. Turn some people off. We'll get back to Jeff Passin in a second.


He's brought to you by Noble. If you're gonna work out, you've got to try Noble Footwear. I'm wearing 'em right now. I've been wearing 'em all week. They're great for working out. Went on a run wearing my No Bulls. Very lightweight, very comfortable, great support legs felt great afterwards. Feet felt awesome. They make the best shoes the most comfortable for both in the gym and on the go with options across training and lifestyle. No bull has options for everyone. They look great too. That's the thing. I was wearing 'em yesterday, got a compliment. Second I stepped into the office, they were like, damn, what are those PFT nice shoes? I said, yep, they're no bulls exclusively for, Pardon my Take listeners. No Bull is offering 30% off your order. Visit www.nobullproject.com/pmt and get 30% off your entire order. That's N-O-B-U-L-L-P-R-O-J-E-C t.com/pmt and get 30% off your entire order.


Jeff's also brought to you by Experian Madness in March is good madness and credit is bad To take control of your credit and finances, make sure that you pick the Experian app. Experian could be your financial Cinderella with tons of free tools at your fingertips to help you take control of your financial life. The amount of free tools that you get with Experian could fill a bracket with things like your free FICO score. You could boost your FICO score instantly for free. With Experian Boost you get free credit monitoring with alerts to keep you in the know on changes to your profile and free access to a marketplace of credit card loan and auto insurance options all matched to you. Plus you can freeze your credit file for free, helping protect you against identity theft. Make sure you're ready for your one shining moment with Experian. Go to the app store and download the free Experian app today. Results will vary. See App store for details, go to the app store, download the free Experian app now.


And now here's more. Jeff Passin in the nl. Can you give us, like, who do you think who should be keeping an eye on for rookies? Like upstarts that we're gonna wanna know their names, but we know their names now because you just gave them to us. Yeah, You know the, the rookie class this year is not all that great on the National League side. The guy who I picked, I mentioned him a little earlier, is Bubba Chandler with the Pirates. And I think you guys will, I don't know if you saw this story, but I think you'll appreciate it. So Paul Skeens, you know, probably the best pitcher in baseball right now after less than a year in the big leagues gets named opening day starter for the Pirates.


And Bubba Chandler was a guy who I think he went to Clemson to play football, got drafted, was a two-way player, like just an extraordinarily athletic guy. But Pirates made him a full-time pitcher, fastball up to a hundred now. Great breaking stuff, good control and commit. Like he's gonna be a guy. I picked picked him to win Rookie of the year this year. But on the day Paul Skeens was named opening Day Starter, he got a text from Bubba Chandler and I don't have the exact words, but it essentially said enjoy it while it lasts because next year I'm going to be starting opening day. Wow. I love that. Like I, I adore that the guy hasn't thrown a pitch in the big leagues yet and he is got the balls to text the guy who is best at what they do right now and say, get outta my way.


And that's that. I mean, it's confidence, it's swag. That's dog. It's a big Bubba Chandler fan already. Yeah, it's a, A great bubba move too. Yeah, I like my bubs a little cocky. Yeah. Yes, absolutely. Alright, so it and what about the al rookies we get, we, because pf t's right, we just need to basically come away from this and our listeners do where they can just say, oh yeah, you hear about Bubba Chandler, he might be better than Paul Skeens. And everyone's like, damn, you know, ball Christian Campbell is my pick for the American League. He, you know, he started off this season as potentially the second baseman or the favorite going in for the Red Sox after being minor league player of the year last year.


And he just kind of stunk at the beginning of spring training. And there was, you know, the, the gloss wore off a little bit, but the Red Sox believe in the bat and I understand why it's an unorthodox swing, but he's got incredible contact skills and you know, through, through this work, I wrote a story about this earlier this spring on Roman Anthony, Marcello Meyer and Campbell, the, the big three prospects with the Red Sox. And Boston's doing like a bit different form of training of hitters than there used to be. And hitting has fallen so far behind pitching in major league baseball that it, it is one of those things that's kind of broken and could use some fixing.


And I think these guys with Campbell actually winding up, making the Red Sox opening day roster, playing at second base forcing Alex Bregman over to third and Raphael devs to be dh. He's, you know, he's the favorite I would say at this point. Do not sleep on Jackson job. Right-Hander with the Detroit Tigers who's in their rotation as well as Cam Smith who Big Cat, I think you might know Cam Smith's name. He was one of the players who went to the Houston Astros and the Kyle Tucker trade. Kyle Tucker. Yeah. And less than a year after being drafted, he's making the Astros opening day roster and is gonna be their starting right fielder and was one of the best hitters in the grapefruit league this spring.


Oh, that'll be fun when the Cubs don't resign. Kyle Tucker. Yeah. That's gonna be a lot of fun. Yeah, when Rickett's like, oh I can't find the money for it. We just have so many restaurants and, and luxury seating in Wrigley now. Alright, so who's gonna win the aal like that? It is wide open. Does it not? Like it feels like, especially with Garrett Cole getting hurt. John Carlos, Stan. I don't even think we count it as an injury 'cause it's kind of to be expected. So it's not like, I guess so, but it's a weird injury too. What is that Like? It's, He's got issues with both elbows. Oh, We talked about this, remember? Yeah, that's right. My, my dog had the same, I can give you a little bit of insight. My dog had bilateral elbow injuries.


Fixed him up. He spent about three months in a crate. Gave him a lot of Trazodone anxiety medication. He wore a cone, then he got out and he's good as new now. So have the Yankees considered putting him in a crate With Trazodone, Giancarlo Stanton in a cone of shame with, so no, It is, it is a weird, it's a a really strange thing for a baseball player to have like both elbows give out at the exact same time. But do, do the Yankees still have hope? 'cause they've got other, they've got some really, really good players. They've got a good roster still. Yeah, The Yankees hope is the fact that they reside in the American League. 'cause if you drop them into the National League, they're fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth. Best team.


I, you know, before Garrett Cole needed Tommy John's surgery, I still had the Yankees winning the American League East. I do not have that as the case anymore. I don't have them making the playoffs. And I, I feel like th this is like potential asshole zone for me because I didn't have them making the playoffs last year either. And they made it to the World Series. It, it's not that I'm like a, a Yankee hater 'cause I, I don't think that's the case. I just look at them and there are so few things with the Yankees that I can point at and say, yes, that is going to happen. I know Aaron Judge is going to have a very good year as long as he's healthy, he has consistently done so and is going to be in the Hall of Fame and is the best hitter in baseball right now.


But beyond that, do I know that Austin Wells is gonna be a success at Leadoff hitter? I do not. Do I know that Jazz Chisholm's gonna take that leap forward? We've been waiting years for no, don't know that either. Don't know about Anthony Volpe or Jason Dominguez. Have no idea if we're gonna get 2023 or 2024. Cody Bellinger, does Paul Goldschmidt have anything left? Can Carlos Redan be a top of the rotation guy? How does Max Freed, who's, who's been consistently awesome throughout his career in Atlanta, transition to New York. All of these different things that are up in the air. Give me pause about the Yankees. But I, I'll also acknowledge that if a few of these things hit right, the Yankees very easily could not only win the American League East, but could win the Penant again, like this is a team whose ceiling is, is pretty high still even after the coal injury.


But the floor happens to be lower I think, than it is in typical years for the Yankees. Okay. Okay. So, so what other teams in the AAL should be looking out for in terms of like, hey, this team, maybe people aren't talking about 'em, but this is the team that if everything goes right, they could be in the mix. Come October. I, I apologize for doing like a long checklist here, but that's how wide open the American League is. That it's, it's like, I mean you can make an argument for every team. Tampa Bay Shane McClanahan turns out isn't that hurt coming back from Tommy John's surgery now and headlining a really good rotation and an excellent bullpen junior ca with the Rays is going to be a superstar and this is gonna be his first full season playing.


So I could see the rays doing it. The Blue Jays, I have them at the bottom of the Al right now. But if Lad Guerrero and Bobette have the years that they have Vlad last year and both the years before that they're both impending free agents. They could lead the team to the playoffs. The Red Sox I have winning the division. I feel good about what they did. Gar getting Garrett Crochet and Alex Bregman this winter. And let's not forget about the Orioles who won 101 games a couple years ago and made the playoffs last season. I think people are sleeping on them a little bit in the central, the the twins bad year last year. Always questions about health. But they've got a lot of slug in that lineup and they're starting pitching with Pablo Lopez and Bailey Ober at the top of that rotation.


They have a chance to be pretty good. Kansas City made the playoffs last year. Great pitching and my pick for American League, MVP Bobby Whitt Jr. I've got Detroit winning the Central with Tarek Scobel and so many other great starting pitchers in that rotation. And AJ Hinch is a manager, just like he gets how to construct lineups and use the platoon advantage in his favor. Cleveland won the division last year. I'm not really on them but they're, they're also one of those teams that surprises Seattle Playoffs two years ago, 88 and 85 wins the last two seasons a great starting rotation and today they signed Cal Rowley to an extension. Cal Rowley's nickname is Big Dumper 'cause he's got a fat ass and it's like, honestly it's the best nickname in baseball right now.


Yes. And love, love him as a player. Won a platinum glove leader in the clubhouse. The a's are going to be better this year. I'm not sure if they're a playoff team quite yet. The Astros seemingly always are a playoff team and you know, trading Kyle Tucker and getting Cam Smith back in addition to Esoc Tus who's gonna absolutely abuse the, the short porch in left field. The Astros still have a chance to be good, but the team I'm picking to win the pennant is the Texas Rangers. They won the World Series two years ago. They were pretty awful last year. But they get Jacob deGrom back to headline their rotation this season. You know, Kumar Rocker and Jack Lider both really good young arms and when you look at the lineup that Corey Seger and Marcus Simeon up the middle, Josh Young at, at third base, they traded for Jake Berger at first pla first base.


Wyatt Langford, Evan Carter in the outfield. They have good catching with Jonah Hy and Kyle Gasca, like on and on and on. If the Rangers bullpen can perform or if at the trade deadline they can go out and get some relief arms, I think they have probably the highest ceiling in the league. Okay. So there were two teams you didn't mention White Sox, we don't have to talk about because they're, I mean they're a joke. Jerry ROR should sell the team. The other one, Mike Trout, he's gonna be back. Yeah. Is there any chance we get Mike Trout on a different team? Could this be the year? You know, I remember I went to spring training with the Angels on the day Trout was gonna talk two years ago for the first time.


And it had been coming off a season where he'd gotten hurt, which has been sadly like an all too frequent thing lately. And we posed him the question like, do you have any inclination to leave it? It would you waive your no trade clause to go to a contender? And he said, I feel like I have unfinished business here. Now. He hasn't said anything to the contrary since, but like guys, we gotta remember Mike Trout is 33 years old now. I'm not gonna say he's entirely past his prime. 'cause I think if we have like a full healthy year of Mike Trout, he can still be a guy who who puts up a thousand OPS and looks like one of the best players in the game.


But he's been around for 14 years now. He's had 14 years of Artie Moreno bullshit. And it just goes to show you the importance of ownership. I don't know if this is the, the same way in other sports. You guys can, can tell me in football especially because like, I don't know who's considered the good owners or the bad owners in football, but the way that Artie Moreno has run the Los Angeles Angels in the 20 or so years he's owned the team and especially over the last decade and a half since Mike Trout's been around. Like, let's look at it this way. They had Mike Trout in his prime with Shhe Tani for six years and they did not make the postseason once.


Crazy. That is, it's, it's insane small practice. And as, as, as somebody who was, you know, the, the biggest Mike Trout Stan imaginable during his best years, you know, the year that Miguel Cabrera wins the Triple Crown, I'm arguing that trout should have been MVP anyway because I, I like, that wasn't just like a, you know, hot take. I just, he's he was a better player that year. What what Cabrera did was incredible Trout was just better than him. It saddens me that Mike Trout might never know what winning feels like. Yeah. Because what, what are we doing this for? Like what's the whole purpose of athletes going out there? There's the individual accomplishment that you want.


They're the goals you set and that you try to meet and that, that gives you some feeling of, of fulfillment. But at the end of the day, you wanna win something with the people who you spend seven or eight months in close proximity with, with some of your best friends in the world. Because coming together as a team and achieving something like that beats anything you can do individually. And Mike Trout simply has never had that in his professional career. Yeah, He won the Super Bowl this year though. He did win a Super Bowl. Bowl for his Eagles. Yeah. Yeah. But you're right. It's like, it's like how could that not get to you on a, a day-to-day, year to year basis? You go to work every day, you don't win.


Your teammates are bummed out a lot. Yeah, I would like to see him win. I'd like to see Mike Trout go to a better pla a place that'll take care of him. I don't know what team that would be where he would want to go, but yeah, maybe the unfinished business is like, yeah, they send me my check every two weeks and it's a pretty good check. Yeah. So I'm gonna continue with that business. But with the Angel, do you think is, is Rendon gonna play at all this year for them? No, Rendon had surgery so he's, he will not be playing. He is not that guy. Yeah. That guy's amazing. Yeah. I mean he, he really, really is amazing. Like, there, there were two contracts the winter he signed with the Angels that were for seven years and $245 million.


It was Anthony Rendon and it was Steven Strasberg and the total production that their teams are gonna get for the half billion or so dollars that they spent on those players. It's unbelievable. And, and it shows why like owners in baseball are so hesitant to give out deals like that. I get it. 'cause they can go sideways so fast. And in, in Rendon's case, like I, I'm not gonna say he never liked playing baseball 'cause I don't think that's true. But it was never like his passion, it was never what he lived for. He was never like a grinder. He was just extraordinarily talented at something, got paid an obscene amount of money and hasn't been able to get back out there.


Yeah. What about the Astros? I feel like the Astros, no matter what we do, we'll never get rid of the Astros though. They're always gonna be hanging around. They're gonna be pesky. They're gonna be showing up in the postseason. Is this, is this like the last dance for that, that core group of guys that has been around for a while? I mean, there's no one left really, like after Bregman left this off season. It's like Jose Altuve and Lance McCull are really the only ones left from, from the cheating team. And, and you know, Altuve is gonna be there forever. Like he's the, the astro of Lifetime Astros, but they still have Jordan Alvarez Yeah. Who is one of the best hitters in baseball. And adding Cam Smith has, you know, has sort of reinvigorated potentially that lineup and they've still got f Frommer Valdez, Spencer Arogeti, hunter Brown, like the Astros have done a good job of developing, starting pitching as you saw Carlos Correa and George Springer and some of the core, you know, Alex Bregman, the core guys of not just the cheating championship, but the one they won after that as well.


But yeah, the, the Astros, they're an interesting organization because it's, it's one of those teams where other, like people from other organizations love shitting on the Astros, like absolutely love it. And I think some of it goes back to the cheating, but some of it they just don't believe that they're particularly well run and yet they make that trade with Tucker and it's immediately paying dividends. Yeah. Alright, Jeff, I got one last question for you. This has, this has been fun. I'm ready for baseball. There's always something about opening day that just, it just, it feels good. It's, it's a fun day


Rollback question. You Know, you know Big Cat, you know what it is? It it is, it is Spring telling us it has arrived. Yeah, you're right that that's what it is in spring. I, I don't know how you guys feel about spring, but you know, living in the Midwest spring is when the sun starts coming out. Yeah. I walk outside in spring, I, you know, I can wear shorts and a t-shirt and not like my asshole kids who wear shorts and t-shirts like in the middle of the winter because I don't know when it happened that children's skin suddenly became impervious to cold weather. Yeah. I feel like this is a new generation thing. I don't know if your kids are like That too. Them Oh yeah. My kids fight me with, with coats every day and it's just like, it's like 10 degrees. I'm like, you need a coat? They're like, it's not that cold. Like what are you talking about? But no, you, you go outside and you see the sun every day and I think that's why opening day feels good because it is introducing us to the season that makes us happy. Yeah, I'd, I'd agree. I'd agree. All. Alright. Right, so Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code tape. Good hoodies. Yeah. Very good Hoodies. The best hoodies. Great hoodies.


Alright, so I know you don't watch as much of the other sports, but I assume that you are at least gen generally aware of Travis Hunter who played for Colorado this year gonna be a top pick. Yes. Heisman Trophy winner. If you had to just make an, just a gun to your head, Travis Hunter or Shhe Tani, who's more impressive at what they're doing? Shhe Tani because he has done it at the big league level. And I don't, I, by the way, to be clear, Travis Hunter absolutely should play cornerback and wide receiver in the NFLA hundred percent. If you have the ability to have a guy out there who can impact both sides of the ball, why would you limit him from doing so?


Particularly if he's on a rookie contract, which is short enough where you're not locking him up long term and you're not gonna have any of like the wear and tear issues later on in life. It's the NFL you can get rid of 'em anyway. Right. Contracts aren't guaranteed, but Ani being elite at both levels at the highest level of baseball. If Travis Hunter can be an all pro cornerback and an all pro wide receiver in the same season, get back to me and we'll have a conversation. Okay. And, and, and I am not minimizing in any way. He's awesome. I love watching him play, but it's just a matter of levels I think. Yeah. Counterpoint Tani doesn't tackle anybody and Tani is never won a Heisman.


Both true Hunter's never won an MVP and I'd like to see him hit a 95 mile per hour fastball or throw a ball. 95. Good. It's good point. Good counter counterpoint. Good point. Yeah. Our producer Hank is an an idiot and he said that he, he thought Travis Hunter was more impressive than Cho hey. And we were like, Hey dude. Yeah, I didn't, I didn't know your, your anal anus Christian Yellich story, but I did know that Hank's a dip shit. So I got that. Perfect. Perfect. Well Jeff, thank you. Oh, is it, when is Tica start pitching again? He's, he's been shut down for like a month now, so he's gonna have to build up and let's remember he's coming off of his second elbow reconstruction. So the Dodgers are gonna take it easy with him and they also have so much pitching depth that they really don't need him.


So is it gonna happen in May as expected? It could, but I think it all just really depends on how his elbow responds and we're gonna get a much better sense of that over the next month or so. Okay. It's such a flex for the Dodgers to be like, Hey, it'd be nice to have you pitch, but, but we don't need you. Yeah, we don't need it. Yeah. It's all, it's all good. Oh man, I, I had one last, last thing about Mookie bets 'cause I've been reading about Mookie bets. Did he lose 25 pounds? He got, did he have the flu? He went down from like 180 5 to one 60. Yeah, I don't think it was quite that much weight and I don't think it was the flu. They, they haven't said what it is specifically, but the sense is he's going to play in their actual opening day stateside.


So I listen, baseball is better when Mookie bets is good. Yeah. And I, I hope nothing but a, a full recovery there and us seeing him, you know, even, even if the Dodgers are bad for baseball, like seeing Mookie bets out there I is a good thing for everyone. Yeah. Agreed. That's why it's not fair because Mookie bets is so likable and he is playing for the team that everyone should hate. He's like, God damnit, I want to hate you, but yeah. Yeah. Mookie's, I hope he's okay too. Yeah. Alright, well Jeff, thank you so much. Appreciate you coming on. We'll, we'll maybe talk to you in middle of the season and I feel like we got some good Bubba Bubba. Bubba Chandler. Cut. Bubba. Bubba Chandler. Yep. Bubba Chandler. Bubba. I just call him Bubba.


Watch out. Hey Paul Skees is good, but Bubba Chandler might be better. You know what, Paul Skees is great, but Bubba Chandler has it. Yeah. That's it. We, we we got it. That's the takeaway. Yeah. You can't, you Can't teach Teach it. I look forward to talking with you guys on the day that home run Derby rosters are released. No, I have my mission for the 2004. No, you said It the hardest thing to do in base. The hardest thing to do in sports is to hit a baseball. That's impossible for Christian Yellich. Yeah. Can't do it. Baseball's that many times. Can't do it. Can't do it. All right. Thanks so much, Jeff. Thanks boys. Appreciate you having me.


Jeff Pass. It was brought to you by Venmo. It is Venmo season one of the, one of the most important times of the year to have Venmo. March. We got Venmo with us all throughout March. Sign up for the Venmo debit card in seconds and you can add your card instantly to Apple Pay or Google Pay to use your balance right away with no monthly fee. No minimum balance requirement makes it super easy. If you're splitting checks at a restaurant at a bar, guess what? Have 'em Venmo you and then you can put it on your Venmo debit card. Earn up to 5% cash back at top brands when you shop with the Venmo debit card. Whether you're splitting the bar tab or snacks for the watch party at home, use Venmo debit card for the game day assist. The Venmo MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated Dash offer terms apply. Start spending your Venmo balance instantly with Venmo debit card. Sign up today at venmo.com/card/apply.


Fire Fest of the week is gonna be brought to you by Morgan and Morgan. Morgan and Morgan. America's largest injury law firm. There's a reason why coffee is the first thing people reach for in the morning. Just why? There's a reason why Morgan and Morgan is America's top injury law firm. For over 35 years, Morgan and Morgan has been fighting for the people just like you and I. They have over a hundred offices, more than a thousand lawyers nationwide. When hiring Morgan and Morgan. It's like hiring an army that has your back. If you're injured by the negligence of another, you deserve to be paid. When you hire the wrong law firm, you may be beat before you start. All law firms are not the same. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or Dow pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell.


Okay, let's wrap up. We got Fire Fest of the week, Henry. Yeah. Oh, also, do you wanna do severance? Yeah. Oh, severance recap. Yeah. Yeah. I like this. Max cried. Max, what part did you cry in when he got reunited with his wife? Yep. Exact. Exactly. Yeah. Wait. Yeah. So severance, severance, severance. Spoilers. Spoiler. Spoiler spoilers. Skip this part if you haven't watched it, but you also probably have watched it. Good call. Thank God we got that. So you cried. Yeah. It's an emotional part. You think, like imagine, think of that your wife is dead for so for such a long period of time. And then like that first moment that you actually realize, like realize that she's alive. Like how could you possibly like put yourself into that situation?


It's gotta be an unbelievably emotional moment. I got, I got misty eyed. I don't think there were any tears. No, no. But I felt, I felt that misty eyed didn't, you know that weight Weight that you get? Yeah. Right. Well up. I Felt the weight. I, I laughed when Mark s shot the big dude in the, in the neck. That was, that was so fucking funny. Yeah. And Just screaming at the other lady. Yeah. Yeah. I thought, fuck ah, I thought there was a moment Hank was gonna be right, that there was just gonna, that he was gonna go in a killing spree. Whoa. And just kill everybody down there. And I was like, oh my God. We laughed at Hank. But he was right. I thought I, my what I wanted was heli to kill her dad. And they kind of like, as that was happening, I was like, oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. And then obviously she didn't Oh, she picked up a pen. Yeah. It was weird. She didn't low key.


And then you guys were like, you just want Game of Thrones, Brianne of tar. We got it. Yeah. Yeah. We, we got the Game of Thrones. Like that was, that was also electric. Think. Although the goats thing like explained the goats, they Just, they, the goats are sacrifices they sacrifice 'em with, with anytime someone dies at Lumen. Which seems like a decent amount of times because they've, I have a lot of goats out there. They sacrifice the goat with the person and it takes 'em to heaven or something. Did you also notice that in the earlier episode where they had the goats and the people that look after the goats, they asked the people from the outside, from macro data refining, do you guys have pouches? Yeah. They were looking for oldie.


Yeah. That That's What they were. They were like, lift up your shirt, lemme see your bags. What Hank I think is referring to, and I I agree with Hank low key. I thought that Hellie was Helena on the inside during that episode. At least at the start until she like kind of teams up with Mark. And, and he goes on a separate way. I thought that we were gonna see Audi Helly on the inside again. She she can't be Audi down on that floor though. No, she was, she Was earlier. Earlier this season. She banged Mark and the teepee. Yeah. No, that was when she was In No, no, that was Audi. You, you're not paying attention. You're not paying attention. You don't get It. Whoa. Hold on. Whoa, whoa. Big Cat missed him.


Whoa. Big part of this season. Martin banged any Helly and Audi out. I know that he's got two bodies on one body. I Know that he had a threesome. The Audi one was outside. No, no. That But that whole Until that outside moment, the whole beginning of the season. I underst that Was Audi. Hell. I understand. She Was still Audi. No you don't because she was Audi Helly when she was on the inside she was undercover. Yeah. That entire part of the season. Even on the inside, not just on the or Bow, She he fucked Audi, Helly outside. Yes. But he also hung out with Audi. Then they walked any Helly Inside. Wait, he also hung out with Audi Helly. Correct. For the first like couple episodes of the season On the inside I that, but they, they fucked on the inside. That was in Helly. Yes. You guys just told me I was wrong for that.


No, I literally just said that. No we didn't. No, but the ORPEs Also told me. No, you just said, you guys just told me that said I was wrong for saying that she fucked Audi, Helly outside. And any Helly inside. No. When you say outside, you mean it would still, I know I might've been wrong that she can't, she can't be switched back. But I literally just said she fucked any Helly inside. Yeah. Yeah. She fucked Both her because she said I was wrong for that. I don't Think she did. No. You said you can't, she can't go out down there. But She, they fucked outside. Yes. Out out. That was Audi Helly. Correct. But anymore, We're talking about two different things here. I understand. Well you said any, you said Audi Helly can't go downstairs. She, I I'm now remembering the beginning of the season. She was, she was faking it. Yeah. Yeah.


I Thought that's what we were seeing. When was, when was that? That was like the first couple episodes when Irving was getting mad suspicious when he was like you saw Night Gardner Night guard. Yeah. When she said that she saw Gardner when, when she got that glimpse of the outside. That's right. Did the override control. Yeah. Yeah. That's when Irving was like, I I'm beginning to, I'm beginning to keep my eye on you. And then he tried to kill her 'cause he knew that she was outside. I thought we were gonna see Audi Helly. I thought that's who we were seeing at the start of the finale. I thought she had done it again. 'cause it was a very important day. I feel like the real theory is that it's Audi Helly at the end of the episode. Yeah. Because she brings him in back and smiled. Yeah. At Gemma.


And Irv said out in Helly was never cruel. And it was kind of a cruel looking smile when she looked at Gemma and was like, I won. Yeah. That's what I, so I was thinking when I was watching the episode at the start, I think this is Audi Helly and then she didn't kill her dad and she kind of like nudged Mark to go on and, and go downstairs and do that whole shit. And I was like, maybe it's, maybe I was wrong, maybe it's not. And then at the end I was like, yeah, that kind of seems like Audi Helly. So I I people think that they, once they realized that Mark was down there and getting Gemma, that they switched The gla scout block. The block that they, that at the very end they made her Audi Helly.


Okay. But it, but it was any Helly the rest of the episode. So now I just wonder what they're gonna do in the episode or season three. Yeah. It's like gonna be him and heli just like hold up in a room with like a bunch of dead people and like blood everywhere. It's gotta be like five seconds into them running down the hallway. They're like Whoops. No, I think the dad, I think they already kinda set it up with the dad being like, he likes any heli. He sees Kier in her And he's gonna probably maybe try and convert Mark. Like they're gonna try and convert any heli and any mark to convince them that if they roll with the cue then they can stay together. Yeah. I I really liked the scene where Mark was arguing with himself on the video camera. That was awesome. Stepping outside the room. That was a really good way to do it.


And it, I don't think I could win an argument with myself. I think that's a very hard thing to do. No. Right. That, that's how I feel when I'm deciding to bet on a basketball game. I don't know why he didn't just mention the, the Pete. Like they had a mutual, there's a mutual friend there that could have helped Bridge the gap, but he doesn't. But Audi, mark doesn't fully understand how close any Mark was with Pete. I guess because he remember he like just went, he like it was a crazy guy who had nosebleeds who then went to his funeral. Yeah. I guess that makes sense because that, that did make sense to me. The other thing that it was two episodes ago, it kind of bled into this one that, that still just makes no sense to me. I hope they like flash back to it.


Is is the fact that Cobol and Mark and his sister just sat in the woods for 10 hours Arguing. They weren't even But what did they talk about? Like why did they have to show up to the forest to, or like, I don't know if it was 10 hours, but Yeah, they Got there in the morning and then they cut back and it was nighttime. They're like, all right, time to get Well it's Always winter. True. Yeah, it's always winter. And what is it about the birthing center that they put the, the like geofencing in that can switch you back from any Audi? Yeah, that was weird. And then the well, So the women don't remember that they went through the pain again. Okay. That Was the whole, remember the crazy like government governor's wife, she had no recollection, doubt of the, of the sister.


'cause she went in there so she didn't have to actually give birth When any Mark told Cobell that Irving knew where the testing floor was. Like she got scared. That made me think that Cobell was gonna flip again. Yeah. Because she was like, oh yeah, Irving knows where the floor is. And she goes, wait. She was basically like, wait what? She was looking nice in front of that fire. Yeah. Yeah she did. She looked real good. Real nice. She gave you those eyes real nice. I was pissed that like, I don't know, I guess he had to, he had to make that decision because they're two different people. But I was mad. Yeah. I really liked the episode. I thought it was one I did too. One Of the best episodes I've seen. I was just pissed at him. I was just like, you motherfucker, you've come all this way buddy. Also. That's the great, that's the great part about the show is these two, two people that are independent of each other.


Like he's making a decision for his own existence, not realizing that there's a guy out there. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And think about it, if you're the, any market you turn around and you see, I guess you would think it was the, what was the, what was her name? The health woman? Not, not Gemma. Miss. What was her name? I can't remember. Miss something. Fuck Huang. No. Ms. Casey. Yes. Ms. Casey. So you just see Ms. Casey yelling at it through a door being like, come out. Come out. Please come out. There's gotta be way where he can have both. Yeah. Episode three is just all threesomes. Well Can't, I could see them like figuring out a way.


'cause obviously if Cobell invented the chip, could she like flip a switch to turn Audi mark into any mark so he can get out? Oh you think she's gonna get back in the lab? Oh I see what you're saying. So he, he wakes up as Audi mark on the floor. He is like, fuck I gotta get outta here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know. Great show And Ricking. There there there's a lot. There's a lot. Yeah. What's up with Ricking? I think they're going Where the Hell's Ricking? I I feel like we were getting a full flashback season episode series. Like they, there's so much like 10 years ago past stuff that they need to address that I think to stretch it out. I could see them going like deep, deep in it. 'cause Rick and I Would watch a full spinoff series about Rick and Yeah.


What a Weirdo. He's fucking funny. Yeah, he is funny. Alright. Fire fest of the week. Oh, also White Lotus. Did you see Duke is, Yeah. Duke Anger. He's very upset. Duke. No spoilers for White Lotus is still ongoing but very funny. Well traditionally the best way to have people avoid seeing the thing that you're embarrassed about is to threaten legal action against them. Yes. And then that way they won't sign up to, to see what all the fuss is About. People will stop talking about it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think I've said this on my fire before and it probably means it's time to just get a new, new slats or like a new bed frame. But I plopped onto my bed again. Like I went to take a piss the middle of the night, just kind of fell onto my bed slats pushed down and broke and it was like 4:00 AM and so I just went to sleep basically inverted.


And my neck is killing me. I got a solution for you. What's That? Sleep in a hammock. Yeah. You don't have to worry about slats and hammock. There you go. True. Do you have to worry about getting just balled up and dying? Yeah. And I feel like it's bad for my your back But, Hmm. No I think it's, that's interesting. I think it's good for your back For Yeah. Long term. Eight hours a night every night. Yeah. I think it's good for your Back one hour summer in the middle of the day. There's nothing better on this planet. But you're saying laying on something more firm would probably be better for your body. Like a nice piece of outdoor furniture For eight hours a night. Yeah. Every night. Yeah. I think you guys are just, But for one hour break in the summer, I'd, I'll pick a hammock over anything in The world. I think you guys are denying science. I think hammocks are better for your back.


And how so? I think that I've been reading a lot of pro hammock propaganda. Okay. And many people on the various message boards that I've read have said things like, ever since I started sleeping on a hammock, my back pain is non-existent. These Are people who are pro Hammock. Pro hammick. Yeah. Pro Pro ham message boards. red.com/hammocks. Yeah. Or hammock minder.net. Big hammock. Big hammock. Yeah. Yeah. Hammock fans.com. Hey, I got some new outdoor furniture coming. I can't wait for you to sit on it. It's gonna be great. No, he is not allowed. I think he's not allowed. It's gonna be great. You're gonna have a great time. Yeah, that's fine. I just need like a simple chair, but whatever you got. Oh, Simple chair.


Okay. I get, I can get you more than that. Just Gimme a beach chair. The best outdoor furniture there is. Beach chair now is the best Outdoor Furniture. That's all you need. Okay. Beach chair. I'm kind of with you. It's about being outdoors, not about what you're sitting on. Okay. Right. Okay. Beach chair. Make sure if you get a hammock that you hang it at about 30 degrees. Hang angle with an asymmetric lay and then you're gonna get rid of your back pain. Alright. Good to know. Okay. What's your fire fest? PFD My fire fest of the week is, I realized this I believe on Sunday of this week, but I, I went to a concert like four or five months ago and I had a great time and I got in the mood to see more live music.


So I looked up to see who was coming to Chicago in the next like six months. And I proceeded to, I was drunk at the time, hand up. Bought eight tickets to go see a CDC at Soldier Field. Mm. Eight really nice seats. And then the person that I bought him with turns out is gonna be out of town for the AC CDC concert. Mm. So now I got seven tickets that I gotta find people to, to bring along to go see AC CDC in Chicago. And I realized especially in this office, that seven tickets is the perfect amount to have people not like you if they don't get the invite because it's a big enough group where it's like, oh, anybody that he likes should be invited. Right. If I'm not invited, I'm not part of the crew.


Right. And I, I was saying this the other day to Mincy and Mincy just put his hand up. He said, stop right now. I'm coming with you. So I mii I saw This entire That's great. So Mincy Mincy said like right off the bat, like, no if ands or buts, he's locked it. He said it like nine times. He was like, just so you know, I'm definite, I'm a definite Yes. So Mincy Iss gonna come. And then Megan was listening to me. So her and her husband, Mr. Making money Yep. Are coming. But now I gotta figure out what to do with the remaining tickets. Re remaining five tickets. Because again, this is like you're in, remember the Club Cool Days in New York? Yeah. It's like if you don't get the invitation, then PFT doesn't like you. That was also very, I mean, the Club Cool Days is one of the funny, I Act randomly was thinking about it today.


I think that was the only time I went out in New York. Yeah. It was like the first week we were there. And then Dave got mad and Dave went out and was created his own club. Cool. Yeah. Well you guys are massive Kanye fans. Yeah. You were there Club. Cool. You weren't No, no. Well did you moved already? Yeah. Kanye not my guy. Maybe he's your guy. Don't remember. Sick who was there. Yeah. No. Sick. I wish I had gone. It was a really sick, I think I was outta town that weekend. But yeah. So, alright, So let's, let's rank top to your top six favorite coworkers. Well, so that's the problem is like, if, if I don't, we'll just sound it out. Ask somebody. Yeah. Go one through 10. I'm gonna say everybody in this room, tide. Oh, nice. Yeah, Yeah. Wait, we're not, Oh, mem Scott.


Alright, So that's, that's four. Yeah. So Hank and Big Cat Tide. Yeah. Well no, it's for tickets. Is that, was that an invite or That was No, we're just tied. Oh. If you want to go see ac DC right now. You guys are, I think we have dibs. You guys have dibs. But did You talk to Greer? I did not. So that's the other thing that comes into this is that Greer is having his bachelor party in Chicago that weekend and they're going to ac DC oh as part of the bachelor party. So they might need extra tickets. But then I thought about that and then I'm like, is that weird? Where if I, if I give the tickets around me to people in Greer's Bachelor party, am I inviting myself onto Greer's bachelor party? No. No. Greer would absolutely love that. Yeah. Okay. And also, it doesn't have to be Greer.


It could be like, it could just be Yeah. Other people from this office that are just going with you Then going to the Bachelor party. Correct. And it's also such an easy out just being like, oh well it's Greer's Bachelor party. It's a, it's a gift to Greer. Yeah. For, For him getting Married. Alright. You know what as that, That's the easiest Way as my wedding present to Greer, who's getting real married, not at all Green card marriage. I would like to donate four tickets to a CDC to his bachelor party. Love that. If you would like it. Damn. And I'm keeping four. So we're out. I really wanted to go too. I really wanted to go. Did you really Hank? Yeah. So bad. You kind of invited me the other day and I kind of said yes. Well, Do you want to go? Does I Make kind of No. Yeah. Well, I mean, I Kind of invite a kind of, wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait.


Hank didn't say kind of. Yes. He was just like, I'll think about it. No, I was like, I'm in. Sounds Like there's a kind. Yes. Luck. It's Fine. All right. Hank's going. No, no, no. So three tickets? No, no. Four for four Three. What's the date? It is the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend. I'm out the field. I'm, I'm also out. I I I pencil Big Cat. I was invited. Here's how I operate with the, if I have a situation like this around Big Cat, I, I invite him. Yeah. Knowing that he's going to say no. Yeah. I mean, I just have, I I know I have shit Right. With My family. Yeah. My kids. All right. So Hank's in, so now we're down to three tickets to Will. That's my wedding gift. Should I, I call Greer, ask if he wants some Hanks maybe in He's ki you kind of offered and he kind of accepted.


I turned 30 that day. Well, I, I literally Oh wow. Actually no. The next day I Offered you how many meatballs you can put in your mouth that night. So many. I offered you like four days ago and you didn't say yes. He Kind of said yes, but you also kind of, That's the worst kind of friend that's like a, maybe got A free ticket. I think I said maybe. I was thinking, I said I meant the maybe is so bad. This is Michael Greer from Macro Data Refinement Barstool version. This is, this is our severed man. He's not gonna answer. What a joke this Is our data guy. Wow. We're never inviting Greer onto part of my take again. Nope. Never again. One and done. We have our Canadian, his name's oldie.


By the way, I got a text from Oldie today 'cause it's opening day. Oh yeah. He's pumped. He's so fucking pumped about opening day. He said, I fucking love sports, bro. Yeah. So pumped. I love him. He's addicted to college basketball now too. Yeah. I don't really have a firefighter. No, I was just joking by the way. You could, we can have all four tickets. That's the kind of Yes. Yes. Don't do this Hank. He Did it. He just did it. You're gonna be golfing that day anyways. Let's get real. Yeah, Come on. That actually might be my fire fest. My fire fest Is that the, the weather's turning and I'm gonna lose my friend Hank for the rest of the season. That is tough. I'll see him somewhere around week six of the NFL.


It's bittersweet. Audi Hank it is A hundred percent out. You see him, you, you're just like, all right. That's it. Nice throwing you. Greer's calling me back. Should I answer? Yeah, sure. Yeah. We'll give him a shot. Michael, What up? You're live to tape on part of my take right now. Okay. So Saturday of Memorial Day weekend. Yeah. You are going to an AC CC concert in Chicago. Is that correct? That's correct. Yeah. One. Mr. PFD commenter would like to gift you four tickets to that concert. Is there anyone in your party that would like four tickets to the AC CDC con concert In my party?


I don't Anyone who's going to your bachelor party, They're all coming to the concert. Do they all have tickets? Yeah, we all got tickets. Oh, okay. Oh, I mean, I could maybe find more, well Find more people. No, he's gonna find more People. No, you have to find more people. You, you, you're, you're getting the tickets. The tickets are yours. You have to find the people to go. Yeah, max, max. Tell him that I, I accidentally bought too many tickets and that I would now like him to decide from the Office gets the advice. Actually. Yeah. BFD accidentally bought too many tickets to this concert. And it is now your responsibility to find people from this office to go to this concert. But it's not his responsibility. It's yours. But, but congratulations on your, on your marriage.


Thank you. Thank you very much. I'm I'm more than happy to f to find homes for those Tickets. Okay. Sweet. Alright, cool. Okay, Great. Alright. Thanks gre. We did it. Yeah. So I gotta say goodbye to Hank. We do it every year. It's kind of like the end of severance where he just stands at the, at the door and you know, I scream, I'm on the inside and I screamed, don't come back. It's the old school distracted boyfriend meme. Yeah. Work and then golf. He's gonna get so good at golf this year. P-F-T-P-F-T, You know, likes to, to fly planes around f eighteens and just sit in the skies all day and that's fine. You don't Know what an F 18 looks like. You Big Cat likes to spawn children and, and provide life for them. Spawn children.


And, and that's okay. Like, no one frowns upon that. But that's what you guys like to do outside of work. I like to golf. And that's a problem. It's, it's, I didn't say it was a problem. I said, I say, I say goodbye to you. I miss you. I'm here. I'm gonna be, you're gonna be gone. I'm, I still, It's, I see work bittersweet as I see you at work now. It's a bittersweet moment Every year. I'd like to encourage Hank's hot. I think it's important to have hobbies. Ah, by the way, I, there's like a big bar stool content thing coming up in a, I don't know, a few months. I was front and center saying Hank should be involved 'cause he's really good at golf. That's true, true fact fiction. That you did do that. I'm fiction about the good at golf part. Okay. But I true that you all, in fact, I was gassing up my boy.


True. Yes. And you're good at golf, But then you shame me on the podcast And make me No, I didn't, I didn't shame you. I what if I, let's rewind the tape. I said I'm sad. This is the point of view where I have to say goodbye to you. But I'm Here every, I'm here as much as I was in the winter. That's not true. Yeah, it's not a good Or you're gonna keep working. I just, I'm gonna miss you. I don't know what that means. Usually You come on the yak on Fridays, stuff like that. No, Hank I'm excited for you. 'cause I I plan on playing more golf this year too, so I can't, I can't be too hard on you because then that, I just look like a Hypocrite. So what's the best, what's the best round? I'm I, I I'm a hank Stan. Long time Hank Stan. Over decade long.


Hank Stan. I'm gonna root for you to like crush it this year, by the way. Shout out to cheeky, cheeky golf club boys. Yeah, that was awesome. Awesome. Over a year doing it. Trying to get, playing a round every single day until they got 18 pars in a row. What is your best round this year? I like to break 90. I don't wanna set two. Two L Well, you haven't broken 90. I have, but like from the white tees? No, I did from the white tees last year. But I, I feel like that doesn't count. I just assumed you broke 90. That's my bad. No, I mean, I have, but I want to, I wanna do it more consistently. You wanna do, so you Five Times. Five times break. 90. What's the best score though? 86. Okay.


What about a hole in one? Yeah, I mean, I, I would love that. Okay. I can't really try. Can't really plan, plan on it happening. But You could set as a goal. Yeah. Go for it. Why not try? I'm gonna try. Okay. It doesn't sound like you will, it sounds like you, you're not really focused on the whole in one. No. You got those just have to come to you. You can't, you can't push for it too hard or else it'll never happen. Okay. All right. Well I'm, I'm excited for your golf adventure. Thank you. So am I I'm gonna play how many I am too. How many times will I play with you? A few. I have some, I have some ideas. Okay. Wait on camera or not camera? Both. How many times do I play with you as, as friends? I think once I have, I, I would like to come to Michigan.


This, this summer. Okay. I think twice. Yeah. I, you know what I'm gonna say three times. Three times that I'm gonna play, we're gonna play together. Not maybe all 18 holes, but we will actively be out together playing golf. Like last year when you took a vacation and then we played a golf run, they're like, I gotta go do the act during No, that was during vacation week. No, that was, was that Remember? No, no. I think that was because I had rough and rowdy that night. No. Yeah. I had to get on a plane. And you also just like robbed me. You, you, you invited me out to your golf club and you took so much money off me. 'cause you brought a golf pro with you and you're like, oh, oh, Big Cat.


You have Jerry. I have this guy. Yeah. He's just a pro at golf. Let's just play duos. Hank, If we played one-on-one 18 holes, what, how many strokes would you gimme? 10. No, I'd give you like six or seven. How many Strokes would you give me? I give you, I give you a lot. 30 stroke a hole. Stroke A hole. Do you, do you want do a summer long contest? Yeah. You call it seven strokes. We, we take number Of, I mean, should just get, you should just get a handicap if you're gonna play more golf. Like that's very, there's a very easy way where you could post enough scores to have a handicap where it's like we don't have to, well, let's just say make up strokes. Let's say seven strokes, seven strokes and all the holes that we play, all the rounds that we play this summer.


You have to beat me by more than an average of seven strokes. Why don't we just play match by match make. I Feel like make it easy. We do this all the time on camera and PFT just wins outright. Well, that's on camera. That's on camera. Hey Mel. Down on camera. Jokes on camera Every time. Also, I'm clutch when the lights come on. Also, PF t's clutch when the lights are on. We haven't done that in like two years. It's fine. We'll see. Time will tell. Okay, So you're, you're turning down my challenge. I don't wanna do like math averages and shit for Yeah, that Sounds For golf round. Let why I Have let, let's just play a, let's just play like I won match one. You won match two. And who wins the most matches? How many? I won a summer long competition. Like an extra long round of golf. How many rounds do I have to play to get a handicap Eight out?


Okay. I actually might be there 20. I Don't think it would be possible for me to get a handicap. Yeah. Because I don't think, I, I don't, I think the course would close before I did a real round Of golf. Right. Yeah. We don't have the attention span. Credit to me for being a good guy. There was a bachelor. We were going through bachelor party submissions. We should have the one end of this week, if not next. But there was one that was like in Oregon that was like three days walking 36 holes each day. Oh my God. And I wanted To Send Max on that, but I felt bad for the, the whichever camera guy goes. But that would've been a hilariously like fun for some people. Like I would enjoy that. But, but that's Max would Yeah. Be miserable. That would be brutal. I am so bad. He said I could, I could stop at any time I wanted if I got a par.


Which would just never, That's really funny. That's really funny. We should do that challenge for me on camera. That would be a funny video. 'cause I don't want to golf. And then we just, I I have to keep golf until I get one par. You can get one on a par three. Maybe. No par three's. That's the least likely for me. That would get, that would get a, A par. Yeah. You hit, you hit Dingers Only because Like a short par four. I could, I could get it right next to the green and still probably bogey. Yeah. Yeah. It would take me a while. Okay. Numbers three 18. Oh, you spicy today? I want it 22. You're not gonna get it.


75. Cool. If I did 99, 33, 55, 46, 46. Who gets five? Not me. Oh. 55. Four. Five. Five. Mees not even close. You're not even getting better at it. Memes? No. Okay. Love you guys. One day.