(0s):
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's Pardon My Take. We have Rookie of the Year. Number one, overall pick. Future MVP may be Paolo Bon Carro from the Orlando Magic in Studio. Awesome interview with Paolo. It was so much fun. We're gonna talk college football. We're gonna talk World Series. We're gonna talk Hot Seat Cool Throne FAQs PAC Show for everyone.

(37s):
And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA is finally back. Here's a way to get even more into the action following your favorite players playing Pick. six From DraftKings, an official partner of the NBA. It's super simple to get started. First download the DraftKings Pick six app, then select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat like points, rebounds, three pointers, and more. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including California, Texas, Georgia, Missouri, and more. And for all. First time Pick six players. Check this out. New customers play $5. Get $50 in Pick six credits. Hoop it up all season long with the newest, most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. download the DraftKings Pick six app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 and get $50 in Pick six credits only on DraftKings Pick. six. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction void were prohibited. One per new customer non withdrawal Pick six credits expire in six months. Limited time offer. See terms at Pick six DraftKings dot com slash promos.

(1m 55s):
Okay, let's go Football. And my

(2m 19s):
Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Hoop it up all season long with the newest, most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code. Take that's code take for new customers to play $5 and get $50 in Pick. six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is yours.

(2m 39s):
Today is Wednesday, October 30th, and the New York Yankees have life thanks to two scumbag fans that took over the internet. And, we tried to get on this show, but holy shit, the, the CAPA Bianco brothers stole the show and the Yankees bats finally woke up and the Bronx is burning. It was awesome. Good for those guys. I mean, you, you go to that game and I saw people clowning 'em online saying you spent $5,000 for front row seats just to get kicked out. No, that's, that's maybe the most well spent $5,000 of all time for those guys. Yeah, they're, they're heroes. If the Yankees, Yankees turn this around and win the World Series, I don't know what the, the new regime is gonna do.

(3m 24s):
George Steinbrenner would put them in Monument Park. He would just like encase their body's still alive in bronze and then put them out in the outfield. That's the best use of $5,000. And it's funny because, you know, of course you shouldn't interfere with the ball in play. But at the same time, the fact that these two guys were straight out of central casting in terms of like scumbag Yankee fans Yes. Makes it hilarious. Like reaching into Mookie bet's glove, trying to pry it off, reaching in, taking the ball out and then like holding their hands up. Like we, we ain't doing, we didn't do nothing. The the, when I say scumbag, I mean it in like a loving term because that's what they are. And I, I think they would be like, yeah, of course we are. They, and for people who missed it, it was one of the funniest things.

(4m 6s):
I know, again, you shouldn't reach into sta the stands and I didn't like when they grabbed Mookie's arm. That was a little too far. But my, there was a couple moments that were laugh out loud. Funny one, obviously just trying to grab the ball out. Like the ump isn't standing right there. And the, and there's not a million replays. Two, one of the Caprio Bianco brothers did like an invisible line where, where the, where the wall is as almost as if Mookie bets is not allowed to put his glove past that line. Like, this is our house. This is our territory. You're not allowed to do, to make a play here. Like it was gonna actually, the, the, the ump was gonna be like, oh yeah, you know what? You're right. That's not good.

(4m 46s):
Call boys. He crossed the, he crossed the threshold. It's like You're in the backseat of a car and your brother comes across the center line. You get to hit him. Yeah, he was on my side. That's what they did with mooky bets. It's like, no mooky Bets I can reach into that glove. They tried to crack it open. It looked like they were trying to crack open a crab to pick the lungs and meat out. It was just like, but two hands on the glove separating it. And then the one dude with, I mean, who wears sunglasses at night, like a real piece of shit. Like that guy. Yeah. But he reached over and he had a sliding MIT on. Yeah, he had a sliding MIT on and he, it's, it, listen again, don't do that. But the Yankees were desperate. They needed something. Those guys sparked the Yankees.

(5m 26s):
Like I believe that those guys are responsible for this win in those bats waking up because basically the, all the Yankee fans sitting in, in Yankee stadium tonight were like, do something. And the capital Bianco brothers are like, you know what? We'll do something. We're gonna take matters into our own hands. We also, PFD, you mentioned the seats and how expensive they are. So obviously the the, the paper had their name and they were posted everywhere. They do follow us. So shout out to these guys to probably Awls the one of 'em has in his bio work way too hard. But I'm blessed with season tickets to the best team in the world because of it and New York Yankees. Let's go.

(6m 6s):
And then the quote in the paper, 'cause they got, they, they, they were, I think they got fined a thousand dollars a piece or no, they got, I think they got ejected. don don't know if they got fined. The, the tickets were a thousand dollars a piece. Darren Cap Bianco, when he was, when the athletic reached out for comment, he said, I just see the ball kind of, I don't, I don't wanna say go up for grabs, if that makes sense. And then Mookie was swearing at us. Not good. Yeah. Mooky swear at me after I, after I tried to punch his arm off the ball. Not good. Listen Again, that's, it's the best use of money that you could have as a fan. I, I a hundred percent believe that like you turned around the vibes of World Series game, that's as good as you can get for those tickets.

(6m 50s):
So, so congratulations them. And then also I guess a little bit of cred to Volpe too, because he played his dick off tonight. You know, if Aaron Judge showed half, half the, the resolve and fight that the capo Bianco brothers did this, this series would be over, it would've been a sweep tonight. Aaron Judge is getting, so now he did have a hit tonight. He had a hit in an RBI and I think he had a walk as well. But it's getting so sad for Aaron Judge. He was up in the eighth or seventh one, one of the later innings. And John Smoltz was like, you can see he's a lot less jumpy at the plate. That's what we're co that's basically where Aaron Judge is at, is like, he, he, he looks a little more and then he immediately flight out. But it is, I'm just happy we get more World Series.

(7m 31s):
This was supposed to be an all time World Series. It looked like it was going to be a sweep. The Dodgers are so goddamn good. Freddie Freeman has ho Homered in six straight World series games. It's insane. And I do think the Dodgers are gonna win this series, but at least we get, at least we get a little fight outta the Yankees by their fans, by the, by the stands. And Ashanti, great national anthem. Shout out Biz and Witt. They, they, they had Ashanti dead earlier this morning in a podcast clip, which they, they, they got it confused as Aaliyah. Those guys are the best. And so I bet, I bet the Yankees say, 'cause I was like, Ashanti game have to do it. And the Yankees have life. Yeah. Good. I I'm glad More baseball, more Equinox good for everybody.

(8m 13s):
Yes. So I do, I mean, hey, guess what? Listen, Garrett Cole is going tonight. Like the Yankees aren't dead. If Garrett Cole's on the mountain, that's why you pay him so much money. He's supposed to be the guy that goes out there and shoves. So Max, do you have any comment about the heritage of the cap? Bianco brothers? What? Italians Yeah. Passionate Guys. I also doesn't, Bianco doesn't that mean like head bianco? They're like the the top bianco's, The are are good Bianco Bianco might mean white.

(8m 54s):
They're the top whites. Top Top whites. Yeah. Checks Out. Yeah. That definitely checks out. Those Are, those are the whitest guys in America right now. Our good friend Tom Ferelli texted me 'cause he, he, when we were trying to get these guys on, which we, I mean maybe we'll still get 'em on if they want to come on on on Thursday. I hope they go to the stream in New York City at Barcel hq. 'cause I, I, that's my next goal. Like, I, we were trying to get 'em on the window was small. Now that they couldn't come on tonight, I want them sitting next to Tommy smokes in hubs and Marty, I wanna, I want them on stream just screaming. 'cause I don't think they're allowed back in Yankee Stadium. But our good friend Tom Ferelli texted me, he is like, if you do get 'em on, please ask them how they ended up with the name Austin Cap Bianco.

(9m 36s):
Because that does feel like a miss. That was, they went like Gen Z name, first name and Cap Bianco that that he, they need to be Salvatore and Tony. Joey. Yeah. Something like that. But the Cap Bianco brothers, they, they deserve a, a statue if they win this, if they win the World Series. Yeah. Put literally put them in Monument Park. It, it's, yeah. It's easy if you're the Yankees and have them in the ticker tape parade going down the canyon of Champions or whatever the fuck they call it. Yeah. I listen don don't like the Yankees. I, it's hard to root for the Yankees. Right. I think we can all agree on that. But Hank do you have any advice to the Yankees on how to battle back from being down three zero in a baseball series?

(10m 19s):
You gotta have great pitching and you gotta have a loose, a loose team. You gotta have your stars playing. Well, Derek Cole, So I think they're screwed. So they're screwed. Garrett Cole on the bump. Then we got Garrett Cole on the bump. I'm rooting for the Dodgers, but I was rooting for the Yankees tonight. Not just because I bet 'em, but because I wanted more BA baseball, I wanted more World Series. And as soon as the Cap Bianco brothers came out, it's like you have to win for them. You have to win for them. Yeahm Garrett, He swore at not good. And also he went into their space. It's like, it's like they call it the Bronx Zoo, right? It's, yeah. So you're at the Bronx Zoo. If you, you don't stick your hand into the Tiger Cage and think that you're not gonna get bit.

(10m 59s):
Yeah. There also was some fake reports going around that they were yelling. That was fake. Right? Yeah. That was a fake, fake report. A fake account. Yeah. 'cause there was some fake accounts making up some stories about them. Listen, I, we don't know them, but as far as we know, those were fake. The stories that were, were being tweeted about them and Yeah. Not good. Whatever Problematic statements they've made in the past, I want to go ahead and and pre disavow before they come out. Yeah. But we don't know if they've actually said anything bad. But if they have, yeah. Just know that we do not on part of my take, condone that part of their bad behavior. Yeah. We do condone the bad behavior along the right field line. Well Mookie be sort not good.

(11m 41s):
True. I I just love the Not good. I love that he said I don don don't want to say, but anytime somebody starts a sentence by saying, I don't want to say it's about to be a fucking banger, that that sentence about to go triple platinum. I I wanna read the whole quote again. I just see the ball kind of, I don't wanna say up for grabs, if that makes sense. And then Mookie was swearing at us. Not good. Did you see the security guard who kicked him out too? Yeah. Yeah. The video of The guy wearing like the, the full Italian silk suit with the non-existent Don Mattingly sideburns and the flat top kicking him out. That A rock. That Was awesome.

(12m 21s):
Oh man. They did, they, I think the other brother said they, when they was reached for comedy, he is like, we're just trying to enjoy the game because like, like they were watching the game somewhere. They, they probably got a hero's welcome at Billy's Tavern or whatever it's called. So. Alright, other quick things before we kick it back to ourselves and talk some football and have Palo Ban Carro, Joe Flacco is back officially, that's not Anthony Richardson has been benched. This is a move that is a, I don't know, I, I, I like keep struggling with it because again, we've, we've talked about this I feel like every single week if you draft Anthony Richardson, four, you gotta play him. 'cause you gotta see what he is. But it feels like the Colts might have just said, Hey, we have a chance to maybe make the playoffs if we win a couple games here, Joe Flaco can win a couple games and thank you to the cults because they play on Sunday night football this week.

(13m 14s):
Yeah. And that would've sucked if it was Anthony Richardson and they're like, Hey, let's put Joe Flaco in and give America a little treat. This might be our last flaco in Prime time game. Just know that. So, so make sure to tune in, tell everybody, tell a friend to tune in and watch Sunday Night Football. Because like we said, you had to cherish every single Joe Flacco start that you get and yeah, I'm gonna make sure to do that. As far as the Anthony Richardson thing goes, it's the fact that they kept losing every game within one score. Like all their losses within one score. Yeah. That's what did it. If you're getting blown out, then you can probably still say, we're gonna start Anthony Richardson and see if we can work with him developing. But the fact that you're so close in all these games, if you're the head coach, if you're Shane Steichen, you have to start 'em because you're wasting what could be a playoff season.

(14m 3s):
And also you also risk losing the locker room when all the other guys are dependent on the quarterback for their salary. They're not getting the ball, the offense isn't moving. All those other guys then are like, Hey dude, what the fuck? I'm playing really hard. Right? And, and you're absolutely tanking my chances at future contracts here. So yeah, I get why I get why it had to be done. But at the same time, I also think that like this is, it's, it's not good. And you're, you're essentially giving up on a very, very high draft pick from just last year. And this is, I mean this is how the NFL works now. It's the teams. I feel like the leash for a quarterback is, I mean, I, I'm trying to think. I, Josh Rosen probably was the first one, but it's, it's, it feels like if you don't, if you don't show anything for whatever, 10 games a season.

(14m 53s):
I, an Richard has played less than 10 games because he was injured last year. But Bryce Young's the other one, I, and I, I don't totally disagree with it in the fact that if you think it's never gonna work you, it's, it's better to move on quickly than to compound the, the mistake and just keep trying to do it even though you, you know, it's not gonna work. Yeah, No, I, I, I agree. And, and I think that we've seen, we've seen a lot of plays from Anthony Richardson where it's like that that is not a play that a good quarterback makes. Yeah. Hopefully he figures it out on the bench and learns from Joe Flacco and he has another chance. 'cause I would like to see him get another chance. The other news was Stefan Diggs is out for the season for the Texans, which the Texans are a little snake bitten right now.

(15m 38s):
They need Nico Collins back real bad. But that was, that's tough for Stefan Diggs to be out for the year and now they're down to, I mean, tank DE's the the guy right now, and I don't know don don't know that offense looks not great all season. I mean, look Okay. When Nico was playing, but it has, it has looked clunky a lot of times and they lose a big weapon in Stefan Diggs. don don't know. I mean, they, A FC feels like it maybe got a little bit easier Mix and playing helps though. Yeah, for sure. It definitely helps the offense. And Tank De is a very, very good player and their defense Is so very, very good. Yeah. Their defensive line is, is Elite and, and they'll still be in games and CJ RA will figure it out.

(16m 18s):
It's just like, if you were, if your goal was to win a Super Bowl, if Stefan Diggs being out might hurt that goal, Yo. Yeah, for sure. And and I think Digs is on a one year contract too, so he's gonna be a free agent again this off season. All I know is I am, I'm thinking about laying a hammer down on the Jets. Yeah. No, hell no. Thinking I'm thinking about doing it. You saw their uniforms. Oh Yeah. We're gonna talk about them in a second. Yeah. I don't know. PFD that feels like the biggest trap ever because they're, the jets are just gonna be the team that all season. We're like, well, this is the game. They'll prove it. Yep. And then they just won't, and we'll just keep doing it and saying, this will be the game.

(17m 0s):
I mean, it's Aaron Rogers derangement syndrome. I'm the, I am the leading case of it in America. My theory is that they will not get any lower than they are right now. Like everyone's shitting on the jets. Everyone is shitting on the jets. Aaron Rogers is drinking water with cayenne pepper in it. Pretty, I think it's, it's Pretty low. It's been pretty low. Okay. And, we have anything else? Was there anything else that happened between when we recorded this afternoon and now There's one piece of news? Oh, Snubbed again, part of my take. Oh Yeah. For the eighth year in a row, we did not win people awards. Sexiest podcast award. And I just wanna say that they got it right WI think maybe for our 10th year, which we gotta start thinking about boys we're we're what, 15 months away from, from the 10 year anniversary, 16 months away.

(17m 52s):
That's pretty crazy to think about. Yeah, we are. Hank, are we not? No, we are. It's crazy to think about. Yeah. 16 months away I think we, I think the boys just go fucking crazy on some plastic surgery and try to win this award one year. Listen, I, I'll just Just butcher our faces. Just look like completely different human beings. I'll do a lot of things. I don't think I'm ever going to take a surgical option to make my appearance improve at all. It would be great if we could do plastic surgery. Temporary plastic surgery. Yeah. Like if we just have a like a month where we just looked like completely different human beings and super hot Botox. What? Botox? I don't know. I ain't doing that shit.

(18m 33s):
I ain't putting a needle in my face. Poison. I'm Down for ozempic. What? Ozempic Get on Ozempic? Yeah. Yeah. We just get super hot, super jacked. Yeah. Get get like, I don't even know what, what other Botox. I don't lip filler. I already have full lips. Yeah. don don't know what I have to do. Lip filler would rock. Maybe raising your ears. The facelift tummy tuck. Yeah. I could use the chin. Oh, I could get the shin lengthening surgery. Yeah. Get like six inches added. That would rock. I get my, I I could get a breast reduction. Maybe I'll do, I'll just get my entire face change and I'll say it's because I had a broken nose and I, I was snoring too much at night so I had to get nose surgery and no, it's not plastic surgery, but then come out of it looking like a totally different human being.

(19m 20s):
Yeah. We should do it. Or we could just hire two super hot interns and just have them be on the cover art. Yeah. Catfish. Like, like Milli Vanilli. Yeah. Sync the podcast. Yeah.

(19m 34s):
Okay. Before we talk some Monday night football, college football we're brought to you by Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore of pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of Pardon, My, Take, jobs, ventures and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country chip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit paired with modern truck tech inside and out massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com and build your own Silverado or Silverado HD and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover, world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado

(20m 37s):
Monday Night Football. I can't believe that I ever doubted Mike Tomlin again after coming to the conclusion that Mike Tomlin is a top five coach in the NFL. I know he doesn't won a playoff game in a very long time, but all he does is run a great locker room and have a competitive team every year. But Mike Tomlin, my apologies putting in Russell Wilson was the right move. That's a crazy ballsy move that he made too. Yeah. And so for all the hate that he gets being mediocre, Mike and also I, I think there's like two things about Mike Tomlin that are true always. Every year one people call mediocre Mike. Two people also say like, this might be Mike Tomlin's best coaching job. Yeah. They say that every single year about Mike Tomlin.

(21m 17s):
Just depends on the week. But This was a ballsy move that he made. It is a very ballsy move. And if you've watched the Steelers the last two weeks, And, we don't know like Prime time games. I've learned that this year. I'm trying to absorb that into my, into every core fiber of my body that just because a game happens in Prime time doesn't mean that it means anything more. Well it Does but it's at night. Yeah, it's at night. Yeah. And the terrible towels are going and Renegades playing and it's a whole thing. And they've won 22 straight on Monday Night football at home. Yep. They did lose a Monday afternoon game in 2020 on Wednesday? No, it was a Wednesday. No, it was a Monday. A it was a, I think that No they, that might have been a different game. They lost to the Commanders in 2020. I think it was supposed to be a Sunday game. It got postponed to Monday afternoon at 5:00 PM Oh, That was the Monday I thought that was.

(22m 1s):
But They also had a Wednesday football game and I think that was the Ravens maybe. Okay. It was, They definitely had both. Yeah. Covid fucked everything up. Yeah. And then, and then Monday. Yeah. So, but when it's Monday night, football games played. They loose after 5:01 PM on Monday night. They just don't win. That might be the craziest record in sport. The craziest streak in sports going on Now. Well there's a crazier one. Daniel Jones is now one in 15 in primetime games. Yeah. That is quite something by the way, the, the other part of the Mike Tomlin switching to Russell Wilson, which it, it is nuts. I know they gave the job to Russell Wilson before the season and then he got hurt and you can all do the whole thing. You know, you never lose your job to injuries, but still they were four and two and you're making a switch a quarterback.

(22m 45s):
I thought it was crazy. It turns out I'm the crazy one. Mike Tomlin's the smart one because here's the other thing that happened. They got one of the best free agent pick or trade deadline pickups and George Pickens because he looks like he actually cares this. And he's completely unlocked with Russell Wilson. This, this is what's awesome about George Pickens because you have, you have him doing hilarious. He's the James Winston of wide receivers. Correct. Is what he is. So he'll make spectacular catches. He'll just like get one foot down, he'll make a spectacular catch, he'll get hit and then he'll get up and throw one of his six mouth pieces at the cornerback. He'll try to drop off somebody on the top rope like you did yesterday. Yep. Which was just an insane play. Yeah. The turnaround was so great too. Yeah, he, he's Like if you gave a, if you gave a 6-year-old exceptional athleticism, that's how he acts on like a 6-year-old that's on a sugar rush from drinking like too much sugary drinks and then you put him on a football field.

(23m 35s):
Yeah. He's just gonna start skipping halfway through his route sometimes. But this was George Pickens two weeks ago. We were watching tape of him not even trying. Yeah. And now Russell Wilson is throwing moon balls to him and he's completely unlocked. And the Steelers are, and and, and here's the other thing that was just a classic TJ Watt game where the, he is the closer for that team where if you get it, if, if the Steelers can get the game script going where they're up late in the fourth quarter, TJ Watt will just end the game. And unfortunately for the Giants right. Tackle Jermaine Elman, Almanor I, don know how to say his last name. Elmor all time bad quote because during the week he said he wanted to be left on an island against TJ Watt.

(24m 15s):
Maybe he just meant like Jersey Jerry wants to be left on an island just hanging out. Yeah. That's a log cabin. Like a desert island. A log cabin Cab or some place up in, up in the Rocky Mountains. Should the Giants sell now? I think they should because Mr. Mera has already said, and I actually believe him that they're not gonna make any changes to the front office and coaching staff. So if you are the front office and you're not gonna get fired, why wouldn't you try to trade anything you can for draft picks and then extend your stay Because you're like, well we have draft picks And, we gotta see how they turn out. So I would believe Mr. Mera, but the last two times he did that, he went back on it. Yeah. So he did that to Joe Judge, I think it was in November of Joe Judge's last year.

(24m 56s):
He said, he's our coach, we're not making a change. And then three weeks later he made a change. Yep. He did that was it Macadoo? Probably Macadoo. He, he told, he told the press like, Macadoo is our coach, we're not going to make a change. We're not firing him. And then like two weeks later after that they fired him. Yeah. So like the last two times he's said that about a coach. Not now. Brian's able was better than both those guys. And again, like I've said, that they should keep Him. Yeah. I I I They should not keep Daniel Jones. don don't really know how Daniel, Daniel Jones is. Like we're gonna look back and be like, this guy started in the NFL for six years. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty remarkable because it's just, he has not changed it feels like at all. He had that one year that that the first year with Brian Abel that he was kind of unlocked But.

(25m 40s):
yeah. It's every game feels like the same one in 15 in primetime games. He needs to, Daniel Jones actually might be a good quarterback for like the Carolina Panthers or the Jacksonville Jaguars who don't play primetime games. Yeah. Like he got the worst marriage in being on the New York Giants who are guaranteed five Prime time games a year and the guy can't win in Prime time. Yeah. It was sad after the game because I think Dbol was saying in his post game interview, like, I really liked the emotion that was good progress that we saw from, from Daniel Jones showing emotion during this game. It's like that's, if that's the highlight that you have talking about your quarterback who's been your starter for six years. Yeah. Saying I like that he's starting to show emotion out there that's bad. And then what maybe he Was angry.

(26m 20s):
He was angry This weekend. They're gonna Germany Weekend. Wait, no I thought that Next playing the Commanders this weekend. Oh that's right. Commanders and then Germany. Then Germany, yeah. Is gonna be next up. Yeah. Against the Panthers. That might be Brian Day. That might be Daniel Jones'. Best game of the season. Yeah. The most, like the least Prime time game possible. Yeah. The least Prime time game. Especially against the Panthers. Yeah. I think the Giants should sell and don don't know if you're a Giants fan going with like Daniel Jones has to just, it has to drive you nuts. Yeah. It has to like it just the same week, week to week. It's exactly the same. I did, I did the RAV4 Todd Bowles the other day. I saw another one at Giants fan. Big Mac Meal V Daniel Jones Big Mac meal is 1269.

(27m 3s):
Can't play football, can't read a defense. Makes people happy. Daniel Jones is $160 million. Can't play football, can't read a defense. Makes people mad. Yeah. So take the Big Mac meal. Big Mac's got that special Sauce. Shout out GG Men Galaxy. I think that The, I think the Steelers are actually very good though. Yeah. I think Ru what Russell Wilson's done the offense. It's a combination of not having Matt Canada and now having a quarterback thinking throw the ball to the middle of the field and that can actually trust his receivers to go make a play. I I think that the Steelers are one of the best teams in the a ffc. Does Russell Wilson, 'cause I was wrong. I thought Russell Wilson was cooked. Is it Russell Wilson got a little humble pie or not to kick a man when he is down, but it just further proves that Nathaniel Hackett might have been so, so, so, so bad.

(27m 50s):
That's also one way, it's one way you can look at, I Think you, you, you kind of felt the same way where it's like Russell Wilson's cooked. Like he's, he's old. He's, he, he hasn't been good in a couple years, but now he And it. It's not like he's Prime Russell Wilson. I'm not gonna get ahead of myself, but he clearly has something left in the tank and he clearly adds element to the Steeler's offense that was missing in George Pickett. I also Think that Sean Peyton and Russell Wilson was a, a marriage that's never gonna work. Yeah. I didn't even count that year. 'cause that was like a, in a million years that was also a, a forced marriage. They didn't Yeah. They didn't want each Other. Never in a million years was that gonna, was he gonna look halfway decent working for Sean Peyton? Like Sean Peyton hated everything about Russell Wilson. Yeah. Basically Sean Peyton's year one job was to just alienate Russell Wilson as much as possible and treat him like shit.

(28m 35s):
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So other things I I, I dealt with a very bad day on Monday Here was, here's how my Monday went. PFT I'm sure you had a great day 'cause you got to watch all the highlights. I thought I was over the Hail Mary and then I took my two oldest kids out to dinner last night and getting into the car, I was strapping 'em into their, their car seats. A guy parked a couple spots away from me was like, Hey, what's up Big Cat. And then we spent probably 10 minutes in the parking lot talking about the Hail Mary and how much that sucked. And then it was, it was basically my whole life of suck all in one because then at the end, I didn't catch this guy's name, but he was like, yeah, my son is actually the highest rated quarterback in Illinois right now.

(29m 23s):
He's committed to Oregon. And then I spent another five minutes trying to flip him to Wisconsin via Stella Blue deals. So it was, I don't know that why God just put that man there to have that conversation. It didn't work. No, Oregon has a little bit, Phil Knight has a little more money than Stella Blue Coffee. It's probably the uniform. Yeah. But it was, it was like guy I got in the car, my kids were just like, daddy, let's go. Let's go, let's go. It was like, I'm, hold on one sec. We're trying to get a quarterback here Trying to close a deal Out here. But it was like everything summed up in one 10 minute random exchange with a stranger being like, holy shit. Did that suck If your kids just knew how much happier daddy would be if that guy's son went to Wisconsin, they would be like, no, take your time. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I should've just been like, Bucky will will come to your birthday party.

(30m 6s):
But I, now that we've gone, so yesterday sucked today is getting a little better because this might have been a silver lining in the fact that it seems like the Bears players are finally turning on Matt Eber flues, which has not happened until this moment. And they are, we had Jalen Johnson come out and he's like, if Tyrek Stevenson had been doing his job, there's a 0% chance that 'cause Tyrek Stevenson was supposed to be on Noah Brown. There's 0% chance that works. He also said that they should have called the time out because it was chaotic. Yep. That's something the head coach should work or should figure out. Kevin Byard was asked about the play before where Matt Fu just gave up 14 yards for free.

(30m 48s):
He was like, yeah, I don't know why we were doing that. We, we did sideline defense at the end of the first half. don don't know why we didn't do it at the end of the game. And then Cole t talked about self-discipline and guys holding each other accountable. And basically all of this adds up to Matt Ebra flus is to blame for this, which I came to that conclusion on Sunday night. But it's good to hear the players back it up. And then on top of all of that, we had a report just a couple hours ago that apparently Ben Johnson was interested in the Bears job last year. And that was the people are saying that's the one he wanted. So pack your bags, Matt Eber fleece. So thank you PFT you got the guy outta town.

(31m 28s):
So, So I heard, I heard about Ben Johnson. I also heard that Ben Johnson wanted like $15 million a year done Sell blue coffee. Which If, if you're most franchises, I think if you're an owner that really wants to win, says that they wanna win, you're like, okay, that's a lot of money. However, I think Ben Johnson might be the real deal. And if you're getting a rookie quarterback, that's the thing about bringing Caleb in and not switching up anything. Correct. The head coaching staff, And, we said this, I've said this Yeah. Many times about, about the Bears. You double fucked yourself. You double fucked because number one, you, you didn't bring in a new guy with your new quarterback. Meaning that there's a good chance that he'll have to experience two coaching staffs in his first two years.

(32m 8s):
And also double fucked is you weren't able to attract a great offensive coordinator because any offensive coordinator that would take that job would say, Hey, if we don't do exceptionally well this first year, then that's gonna be a one year gig for me as an offensive coordinator. The good news is PFT, it's, it's the bears are just learning that they double fucked themselves. It's not like they've ever done this before. Yeah. Oh wait, they literally did the exact same thing when they drafted Mitch Shaky with John Fox and then had Matt Nay come in on year two and then did the exact same thing with Justin Fields when they drafted Justin Fields with Matt Nay and had Matt Fus come in year too. Yeah. It's, they just keep Doing it. It's pattern. It's a pattern. If, if you're gonna bring in a new quarterback that's highly drafted, it's probably a good idea.

(32m 48s):
I would say an exception to that could be the Giants. Yeah. Because I, I think that day's a good offensive coach, but It's just a, so as much as yesterday sucked because it was literally everyone wanted to talk about it and you could see it on someone's face When they saw me, I, I walked in the office at like nine 30 in the morning and Foli, I think he had been sitting there since like midnight with the camera ready to go. So it was just one of those torturous, torturous days. But the silver lining is, it feels like they're finally realizing this is the first time that there has been players calling out Matt Ebra flus and players being like, Hey, that was a winnable game that we completely fucked up at the end. I saw that. What is the path to getting him gone the quickest?

(33m 29s):
I think anything, I think anything besides an NFC championship run is probably gone. I think they, but You think you're, he's gonna be the whole season. I think he's gonna be The Bears don't fi They've never in the history, they don't do that. They wouldn't fire him. Greeny was going off. They wouldn't fire him in the middle of the season. Did you see the greeny clip? No. No. Well, What's it Was some of the, the most I saw Rex, he did the language I've ever heard him say. By the way, Rex, it was the dumbest thing I've ever seen any coach coach do in my, in my life. It was, it was, We had all the time, we had time outs to, to spare. We had, we, we gave up 15 yards for free to play before on the play, Before the play, before the Hail Mary was just dumb. And his explanation afterwards was even dumber. He was like, I don't really see much of a difference between throwing the ball 65 yards in the air and, and having him try to throw the ball 80 yards in the air.

(34m 14s):
It's like there's, that's a pretty big difference. And that's, that's where this feels like it's, it's, it's a significant shift in, in the narrative because Matt Elu is a guy who will get up in front of the, the, the microphone after game and just never take blame for anything and just be like, we gotta look at the positives. Having the players say, Hey, there were some negatives there, which was very obvious to literally everyone with eyes and a brain in their skull finally feels like, okay, it's not, he's kinda losing it here. And And it feels And it feels like the Bear's Locker room is sitting there being like we we're, we are talented enough to be a six and one team. You know, the blowing that game at the end with the Hail Mary, the Colts game.

(34m 57s):
And yet we're sitting here four and three wondering what the fuck has happened. I, I'm, I'm excited that maybe this is, they're gonna make the right choice. But again, it's the Bears so they probably Won't. So Rex Ryan has made it very clear that he's willing to coach again. Yeah. Don't, he's that I'm not interested in that. Re Rex is doing that big time. He's no offense, he's put his name on a lot of people's desks. He he would coach the jets. He said he would coach the bears. Yeah. The, the play before the play was, was very bad. That was, I'm gonna use the word malpractice. Yeah. I think it was coaching malpractice and then the players after, I think it was either yesterday, maybe, maybe this morning, some of the players are saying like, we want to be coached harder. Yeah. It's okay if you, That's basically what Cole Mette said. It's okay if you coach us harder because we need that.

(35m 40s):
I don't know what they're gonna do with, with the cornerback situation because I That would that would be a good cut. That would be a good And Stevenson's good though. That's the problem. I know, I know, I know. But like a real football guy coach would just be like, don't even, don't even comment. I Don't think you can cut 'em. But especially 'cause we have some injuries there. But I, he, he's a good player. He made a very, very bad mistake. I think all the other players are gonna hold him accountable. The problem is, I don't think Matt IFU is holding him accountable. And that's, that's where the divide comes from. So And it, it is like them talking about it after Jalen Johnson said, he is like, yeah, his responsibility was Noah Brown and that's why that happened. And he instead ran into the scrum and hit the ball in the air. So it's just, it's crazy.

(36m 20s):
Bette, Do you think that was a, a good throw or a bad throw that Jayden had on the Hail Mary? I think It was a good Throw. Okay. Interesting. Why? 'cause Max and I had a, a, a deep conversation about that and there was an unfortunate clip that got resurfaced. So during, during Sunday night show, max made the point, like any quarterback in the NFL can make that throw. And it just so happens there was a quarterback that tried to make that throw in the Super Bowl on the very last play of the game. And I believe he threw the ball about 46 yards in the air. Oh. And that Quarterback Jason also stepped on his foot. That Quarterback was, was Jalen hurt? It was a good throw. It was short, but it was a good throw, a good spiral. And it's lucky. Good spiral. If I have a question for you, if, if Jayden What? Hail Mary isn't lucky. Yes. Yeah. They all are.

(37m 0s):
Yeah. There's what you're saying that like, it's like a, Hey, I I don agree with this. I agree with this. Like there's, it's not like you can be a great Hail Mary quarterback. I mean some are a little bit Better. Aaron Rogers, maybe Some are a little bit better than others, but a Hail Mary's a very lucky play. But that entire drive that led up to the Hail Mary, I never made, he made a few big passes that got There. Wait, no, that was only one pass on that drive. I think there were two, The one that was wide open. I think there were two. Yeah. I mean that wasn't don don't wanna get it back in the weeds, but that I'm, I'm pretty sure that there was. But they literally let him doubt the whole Matt Iber flu thing. They let him Yeah. One throw, he had one throw to start the drive and he threw on his fucking feet. That I thought that he had two completions on that drive before the Hail Mary. I think he did. I mean he might have, but one of them was literally one of Matt Iber flu is a fucking Moron.

(37m 43s):
Yes. And I'm not saying that that means that Jayden's awesome quarterback is that he threw a Hail Mary. Every quarterback can try to throw the ball that far. And a lot of them, you know, like it's, it's a crapshoot at the end. It was still a good play. Everything that happened on that play before he made the throw scrambling around the pocket and getting himself in good into good Position. Yeah. We shoulda rushed more. It was stupid. Yeah, that's a, I mean he he did what he had to do And. it was a, a great play. But I'm not saying that that's, He made a metric of him. He made two completions. One was the one that they were, or he, he had one incomp completion one com then he completed one to Zach Ertz. Yeah. Then the one that was just given To you. Yeah. So he had, so he had two completions and then the Hail Mary on that drive, A good quarterback puts their team in a spot where they can get lucky.

(38m 23s):
Right. Jalen hurtz, his throw, there was no chance Jason Kelsey stepped on his foot Just saying That's, that, that's part of hurts moving around in the pocket. That's Part of Ja three 50 yards and three touchdowns against Patrick Mahomes in the Super Bowl in that game. How is that not putting him in a good situation to win? He threw an absolute dime on the, on the drive before to tie the game up. And then fucking Juju Smith Schuster gets away with a stupid fucking holding call that's putting yourself in a position to win. Hank Listen, listen. Max is right. I didn't say putting, I Said give them the a Hail Mary you Said put him in a situational win. No. Give them a chance. Give him a chance to make the get Lucky Bax is right. Jalen Hurtz had a, had a great game except for that fumble. And he had a great season that year.

(39m 4s):
I'm not saying that Jayden is on that level that Jalen played that year. I'm just saying like, let's not take away from the fact higher level. No, I'm not saying that yet. Let's not take away from the fact he, he had a good drive to get them into position and then he had a good play. Great I don where he scrambled. It was a great drive. I don, he scrambled around the pocket and then threw a great ball for a hail Mary. Let's not take any way anything away from this young man. Max, you are The one who brought this up. Well because you brought it up on Sunday. All Yes. I have a question for you. If Jade Daniels throws an interception on that, on that Hail Mary, are you claiming That it's a crapshoot? Yeah. That plays a crapshoot. Yeah. That, that interception doesn't count at the end of the season. I will make sure to go back and tell everyone he actually had one less interception than you think he did. I I think it, I just, I hated that game.

(39m 45s):
That game sucked because it was also, it was just the, the, the bears are have, I've watched that game a million times. The bears are in an offensive slog and can't do anything. And then Kale Williams got him out of it. And. it was a game they should never have won that they were gonna somehow win and Yeah. Sucked. I also, after watching it again, Dan Quinn tried to give that game away too. Dan Quinn tried very, very hard with not going forward on like fourth and inches. Yeah. And giving the bears the ball back and then just absolutely killing whatever time we had left. I would much rather the Bears scored with, with Two minutes, two and a half minutes left on the clock. Yeah. Than with 25 seconds. And who cares if you give the ball up in your own territory at that point? Yeah. This sucked.

(40m 26s):
I'm whatever. It's the Bears have to win against the Cardinals. That's the thing is they have no margin of fer error anymore. And, and I'm just, again, I'm, the silver lining in all of this is Matt IFU is being exposed for what we all knew, but the vibes were high enough that no one was gonna speak out against him in the Bears Locker room. And now that you have a loss like that, that is so inexcusable with how it went down, he's getting exposed and that's, I think a good thing. Did you see the, I think a good thing it was Ben Johnson hit Me up. Was it nine nine at halftime last night? Two great offenses going at it. Seven football Yeah. Kicking field goals. Yeah, it was, it was fantastic. Yeah. The Giants of Steelers known for their offense, these Great offenses.

(41m 6s):
Yeah. Moving The ball. Yeah. Moving the ball Between the twenties. Kicking Field goals. It's the way to go. Alright, memes real quick. I have two things for memes. Yeah. I like the Jets fan that retired. Did you guys see this? This was from Igor, two HAHL Depressed Jets fan. He said, due to recent struggles and constant pain suffered from the New York Jets, I've ultimately decided that I'm gonna step away from the game I have once loved. I'm not sure when I'll be back, but I can no longer endure the constant torture and paying the New York Jets. Give me Spend more time with the family. Yeah. He's, he did a, a for real retirement and I, he did this on Monday. I think he should have waited a day because don don't know if you guys saw, but the Jets have their solution to fix the season, changing their uniforms again.

(41m 51s):
Oh, I like that. They're going the All Blacks for Halloween. So memes, you're kind of back. I don't think we're back. Okay. I think we're gonna get smoked on Thursday and then everybody's gonna get traded on Friday. Everyone's gonna get traded. Yeah. Who's gonna get traded? Oh man. Devante. Everyone, Everyone, everyone. Literally, literally Everyone. Literally, every person, every Player. I, I was thinking about the, the whole don't rent an old quarterback to try to make your team good and put Super Bowl aspirations on 'em. I was thinking about that. The stats actually show that maybe you should try to rent an old ass quarterback if you don't have like a, if you don't have a top two quarterback of all time, like Patrick Mahomes or, or Tom Brady with the Patriots.

(42m 34s):
If you look back at the last 10 years, it's happened three times. Peyton Manning, Tom Brady with the, with the Bucks and Matt Staffing. Peyton Manning's a little bit of a different one just because he won the Super Bowl no longer being Peyton Manning. But yes, he's his best season was before the super season. of course. Yeah, of course. Yeah. His, the defense won that Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. I mean he, but I mean That the last piece, the Jets would've been happy having a, their great defense that they had and then, and then Aaron Rogers playing like average to slightly above. Correct. And that was the plan. Yeah. So it's actually not Achilles, his achilles blew up. Yeah. It's actually not that stupid of an idea, but when it doesn't work, it looks really, really dumb. It looks, yeah.

(43m 14s):
If it, if it doesn't work, it's Cam Newton on the Patriots or Matt Ryan on the cults. Yeah. Memes. You, you care to explain this meme that you just posted. I, I saw you pull it up when you, when you were scrolling Twitter over there telling my kids this is Big Cat Max and PFT and it's Oh, AJ Big Justice, our boys and, and the Grizzly. I love it. So, which, who's who, I think it's in order, right? Yep. Left or right. So I'm, I'm, I'm a, I'm Big Justice Max is aj and then PFT would be the Rizz. I'm the Grizzler. Alright. Fuck it. I mean, you Make have like a bandit there. PFT. Why are you dude, dude, Riz Ther's the best. You're The grizzler.

(43m 54s):
The grizzler is the best. I feel like the whole squad one when they went on Fallon, he's just Rizz. It's got the, he's just got all the swag. I actually, I dress pretty similar to the Grizzler. Why, why isn't that one on the meme? I think you have those shoes. I, I think I do too. Post that one on the meme. All right. That's a great meme. I Also have a question. I'll come all the way around on those guys by the Way. Yeah. How could you, the, here's the thing, the Riz is they just, they just do it like Yeah. They've just beat You in a submission with the same video and then eventually you're like, alright, The songs dance, Is it gonna Be the same video? Yep. Yep. Just a couple different characters. And the Rizzo's gonna do the thing where he, he does his chin. Like it's wait. Yeah, it, they're, they're the best. I've, I've been a Costco guy from day one.

(44m 36s):
That's bad. Was that bad? Why was that bad? You gotta be like mad. Okay, hang on again. You gotta kind of furrow your brow. Try again. You gotta furrow your brow a little. Yeah. That's a very funny picture and a very funny, yeah, the boys, that, that was a team win. Having the, having those guys on Fallon, the Grizzler Likes the chicken bakes, The Rizzo's not as much of a Costco guy as he's just in the cinematic universe, but he also is kind of the star. Got it. He does a, he does a trick on his bike. No hands. I can't do that. Yeah. He just, he actually just lifts 'em up for like a split second. It's fucking awesome. I have a question about the Jets. Yeah.

(45m 17s):
Memes sparked my attention when he talked about being a seller. Has there, in any sport, has there ever been a team that was the biggest buyer and the biggest seller in the same season? I'm sure it's happened. Yeah. The Jets are basically giving like Within the trade deadline period. Yeah. The Jets are giving the Dream Team Eagles, the Steve Nash, Dwight Howard Lakers. That's the vibes, the the like, you know, no one's gonna stop 'em and then the Padres kind of do that. Yeah, the Padres did that. Yeah. Where it's like on paper this is the greatest team ever assembled and then they started playing games. It's like, whoops. I'm trying to think who else could have done it in the NBA People, in the Nets people.

(45m 57s):
This Is gonna be one of those things that tomorrow morning people Yeah. If I, if I had like 10 minutes to think about it. Bunch Of things. Yeah. Don don't know. don don't know about the NFL though, because In season Devonte Adams is definitely the biggest buy and move of the year. It's a big buy and move. Yeah. So with the Eagles Dream team, what was that like? That Was all before the season. Yeah, it was before the season. Vince Young said that as the backup quarterback before the season even started, there's Really, there's just not a lot, there's not teams that load up in the NFL. Like Yeah. It's hard to load Up in the NFL in the NBA and MLB teams will get stacked teams. Yeah. The the NFL they'll pick up one. Yeah. One big signing. What teams are known for? One big trade for winning the off season Super Bowl. Now this is gonna be fun.

(46m 37s):
That was the title of the Lakers. Sports Illustrated. Famous Sports Illustrated. It was fun. It was fun For us. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's hard. I mean, don don't know if the Jets are gonna be full sellers, are they? I mean, they do have a shitload of holes. What if they win on Thursday? If they, I mean, if they win on Thursday, then that's the biggest trap. We're not gonna win. We're not gonna win. It's the biggest trap line of all time. But Stefan Digs and Nico are out. Yeah, but Joe Mix is gonna run for 200 yards. Oh yeah. It's true. I forgot about Joe Mixon. But what if Aaron Rodgers does something crazy? That would be sick. Yeah. I mean, don don't Think No, no, I'm not. Let, let me see. The uniforms on Black on Halloween night.

(47m 18s):
We could Be back, depending on what uniforms. These are All black on night. How black are they? We wear the stealth black Thursday night. I liked stealth black. Ah, you might be back in the, They're off the Radar. You might be back. This is like Aaron Rogers is wearing a darkness retreat. Oh. You might be back. And who do you have next? After you get a mini by? After playing Thursday night Football. And then the Cardinals. Wait, Wait. Memes say that and Then the cults memes. Stay on. Stay on that picture right there. Because they're showing the difference between the old black uniforms and the new black uniforms. They're the same uniform uniforms. No, no, there's No no, no. There's two lines. There's two lines. Two lines. Memes.

(47m 58s):
I'm looking at the schedule right now. If we're just talking about the, the peak jets on paper, they might run the table. Ah, we, yeah. We gotta win Thursday At these. They're the same uniform. They're not, The Jets love doing this. They're just fixing everything with uniforms. No, this on Halloween. I, I could see the jets winning this game. I Fuck around with this. Yeah. Should we talk a little college football? Yeah, let's talk a little college football. It's different. So we're getting into November. We have some awesome stories of undefeated teams. Maybe one of the best stories is BYU and, and BYG, their quarterback when he Decided to commit, did he have like different colored yamikas on the table?

(48m 39s):
I don't Know. It's, it's a crazy, there's three Jewish students at BYU and he's one of 'em. That's awesome. It's crazy. But. yeah. The, the BYU story is, is incredible. We got some teams lurking that were dead like Clemson, you know, off the week. Clemson and Texas a and m are the two biggest. Like, Hey, this is a long season. Because what Texas a and m did to LSU in the second half on Saturday night was incredible. They had, they had, they had NUS Meyer seeing straight up ghosts. Yeah. Like he looked like he was going to cry. Well, that's what, that's what you get at a and m. You're always gonna have a great defensive line. Yeah. You're gonna have guys that can get after the quarterback. And then making the quarterback switch was a ballsy call too.

(49m 20s):
And it's definitely the right call for a and m. Who's Their, I don't know if it's gonna be a full switch. You don't think so? No. Who, who's their offense coordinator again? Well, I don't think it's gonna be a full switch because they're, I think they should do, if a and m is smart, they do literally a two back two quarterback situation, which can work in college football. Like they're playing South Carolina next week or this week. South Carolina has one of the best defensive lines in, in college football. South Carolina could probably bottle up Reed. South Carolina's Secondary's not the best. So Wegman could probably carve them up. Like it could be a situation that they do. Two quarterbacks, And, it works.

(50m 0s):
That's right. It's Colin Klein. Yeah, I knew that. So Colin Kle, KK State, he's call, I think he likes calling offenses for guys that remind him of his Skillset. Yeah. But I, I actually think they might, and I could be way wrong. We could, we could, you know, two Saturday comes around And. It's just like they have one starter and that's it. But I think there's a chance they might go game to game drive to drive with both their quarterbacks. Because what Marcel Reid did in the second half was incredible. He's not like An. incredible passer. And then so when you play teams that don't have great secondaries, you just switch it Up. Yeah. So after the game, Mike Elco, I loved his comments after the game. Oh yeah. So now we're playing a big guessing game on who he was talking about, because it's like a litmus test.

(50m 40s):
Which way did you see this go when he said about the culture at a and m, this is a real program. It's not fake, it's not a politician running this program Fast. Brian Kelly. I thought, I thought Brian Kelly then Jimbo. I thought Brian Kelly immediately. He did. He did the double. I think not a politician running this program is Brian Kelly. Yeah. And then talking fast and BS BSing. Everybody is Jimbo. Yeah. 'cause Brian Kelly's not a fast talker. No, but he is a politician talking because, and Jimbo was BSing everybody. Isn't Brian Kelly's dad like a Congress person or something like, yeah. Yeah. So I thought that was at Brian Kelly, the BSing, everybody. Then he had to come out and clarify that he wasn't talking about anybody. He was just talking about his program.

(51m 21s):
It's a great reminder though, for text a and m who did the Let's get Jimbo Fisher and pay him a million. A hundred million dollars. And that will solve everything sometimes in college football. Mike Elco was not the sexy hire. He was a Duke. He was, he's just a very good competent, like nuts and bolts football coach saw the beat cup. That's what he does. He's gonna, he's gonna make sure that your team is playing at a level that doesn't dip and And it is not talking about recruiting class and all that. And it's a great reminder that sometimes just fire hire the best football coach. Yeah. And Mike Elco is a fucking great football coach. And Texas a and m after their week one loss and everyone's like, oh man, this isn't gonna work out, are undefeated in the SEC schedule.

(52m 2s):
Now they do have, again, this, this South Carolina game is not like people will look at it and say, Texas a and m ranked South Carolina not ranked. Ooh, they, they'll kill 'em. South Carolina is not to be looked past. And then they also finish the season with Texas. But they're in a, the driver's seat where they control their own destiny. Not only to go to the SEC championship game, but the college football playoff and so is Notre Dame. Which Notre Dame is now benefiting from Texas a and m being awesome. Yeah. Because their win week one looks even better. That's, yeah. So it also goes to show you what a great thing it is to have a bunch of people who are absurdly wealth because they struck it rich in a particular industry controlling your program. Because they, the, the Texas oil people use their money to be able to afford Jimbo Fishers what, $70 million buyout?

(52m 44s):
Yeah. No other university would do that. But Texas a and m, they're like, we got fuck you money. We might as well say fuck you to somebody. Yeah. What's the point of having it if you're not gonna use it? Yeah. And so they, they were able to buy 'em out. It goes to show you that if, if the nerds that graduate from Stanford that got really rich on crypto, if they cared 1% about football, they don't. Which they don't. Stanford would be a powerhouse. Yeah. Just put all your money into just having a good football team. That's what you should be doing with that money. Bring Harbaugh back. It, it's a, yeah. It it was, it turns out a great firing if you can afford it. And Elco, I like Elco. don don't know if he's playing the game of saying something and then being like, oh, shucks.

(53m 24s):
I didn't mean what You guys all thought that, I mean, 'cause it felt pointed at the time. Oh, it definitely did. Like I was thinking about Brian Kelly trying to recruit Wegman in the transfer portal and trying to figure out what accent he should use to talk to him. Yeah. No, it, it was definitely a direct shot. But Mike KO's a good football coach who has his team playing good football And. it was, it, it's just, it goes back to this season being a lot of fun because you have, it feels like more parody. And then the other teams I was gonna mention is Indiana just keeps rolling everyone. They just, that was, they, they, they, that scene in Bloomington is just on fire. They had game day this week. And like, I don't know if you guys saw the Pick six. It was one of the coolest camera shots I've ever seen where the, the cameraman zoomed out at the perfect time.

(54m 7s):
And so like, 'cause they had a Pick six early in the game where the cornerback intercepted it And, it was so clear that there was no one close. So as he's running like across the 30, the cameraman zoomed out And. it was just this packed crowd that looked just absolutely on fire. Yeah. And. it was like, this is why college football rocks. But Indiana, they, I mean Michigan State's gonna be not, you can't, it's not a, a cakewalk going to, to East Lansing. 'cause they've been frisky this year. And then you have a big date against Ohio State. Who Ohio State looks very human with some of their injuries on the offensive line. They Can't run. They, I mean, they lost their, their left tackle and for the season.

(54m 48s):
And they look and I think his backup got hurt too during the game. They look mortal. I think Penn State. Yeah. Well, Penn State has a quarterback. Contrary. So Max, how'd you, how'd you like Madison? Madison Rock loved the people of Wisconsin. Matt. I mean it is Do the people of Wisconsin like you, they they're very friendly. Yeah. Much friendlier than they, than they should be. But Why? I heard there were rumors that Max doesn't like Wisconsin. No, No. He didn't like jump around. 'cause they didn't let 'em jump. No, that's not true. Yeah. I thought jump around was a little underwhelming. I was excited for jump around 'cause They didn't let him Jump. That's incorrect. Did you go on State Street? I, I don't know. I went on streets. don don't know.

(55m 28s):
With a lot of bars. There was a lot. Yes. There I went on a street that had a lot of bars. Oh, you've Been to Madison before though? Yeah. It is the perfect college town in terms of setup. Yeah. Like the, the the bars and everything and, and it's just, it's all right there. There's a bunch of bars that are just par like in parking lots, which is awesome. That's right. By the stadium. Yeah. I got a question. Why do they call it Camp Randall? What's The camp? It was a Civil war camp. I want to believe for The stadium was, I Hope I, I hope I have that right, but I'm pretty sure I do. Yeah. I believe it was a place where they trained people during the Civil War. Yeah. The satellite Nailed it. Was it satellite? Let's go. That would've been embarrassing, but I didn't get it. It was, the stadium lies on the grounds of Camp Randall. A Union Army training camp during the Civil War.

(56m 9s):
Hmm. Fuck yes. This brain still got it a little bit. Yeah. The that was gonna suck if I was just way off. Yeah. The monkey bars out there. The ropes and the walls. Yeah. They're, but it was, yeah, Penn State. Look, I, I was thinking we had a chance to, to have an upset there and then that Pick six. I really do think the Badgers potentially could have just punted and played defense for the rest of the game. Then the Pick six happened. And, it was like, that's it. It's over. There's just no way you can come back from that. We're not an offense that can do that. And that's All. Yeah. And that's also how every Penn State game goes. Yeah. Is that they, they go down big in the first half and then the second half they just turn it on and then they beat the shit outta teams in the second half. But. yeah. Max. Max. Am I crazy to think that that Penn State could beat Ohio State?

(56m 51s):
They definitely can. No, I think it's only 4.4 point spread. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, I like them in that game. Bo, are we gonna start Bo per Perla? I I think Drew er is gonna be a Gametime decision, which makes me think that he's probably gonna play, But that's another one. But I think it's gonna be a why Don I have some packages in. Yeah. 'cause it's not like I, I don't, I'm not gonna be crazy and be like, oh, Wisconsin wins that game with Drew er in. But it was very clear that when Bo Pula came in, the defense wasn't ready for the type of quarterback he was. That was different than Drew Owler. Bo Pula is exactly Trace McSorley. Yeah. They wear the same number. They look the same. They, he has the exact same game.

(57m 31s):
He's very mobile. He's, he, he's like a home run hitter. And Drew Owler is like a pocket passer, like NFL style quarterback. Yeah. So they do have that sort of, like you said, yin and yang of kind of you UK and they, Bo Bule will play a couple plays a game. Yeah. I liked what I saw. I I was like, this kid has got something. He's, there's something about a college quarterback who's like, you watch him and you're like, he's probably not an NFL quarterback, but he's a peak college quarterback. You know? Yeah. So I, I think that they'll, they'll put er, they'll play er, but I think Bo Bo will also will also get some packages in that game.

(58m 11s):
Got it. So that, that's a big game. And then we like SMU, but Pit is undefeated. SMU only has one loss against BYU. There's so many games that are, it, it just, there's, there's a lot of teams. It's all gonna shake out. But we, we have, there's great parody. We have a doomsday scenario that's loading in the SEC though. What's That? And only if two things have to happen. So I was looking at this calculator online, like it's an SEC calculator for the championship game and the doomsday scenario, it all hinges on LSU Alabama. Okay. If LSU beats Alabama, I think they're both coming off Boz. If LSU beats the tide and the good teams stay good, Texas could then fuck things up if they beat a and m in their game.

(58m 59s):
If that happened, I think this was, this was m Red's college football SEC calculator that I looked on. If those two things happen, LSU wins against Alabama and Texas Beats A and m, it would be LSU and Texas a and m in the SEC championship game. Mm. It would not be Texas. It would not be Texas. It would not be Georgia. Yeah. Because they do a lot of these tiebreakers are your strength of schedule. It Has to do with strength of schedule. Yeah. And they try to do a round robin thing, but if you don't all play each other, it doesn't matter in the SEC 'cause it's so big now. Yeah. They don't all play each other. And having, in that event it would be LSU in Texas in the SEC championship. And then you would have Georgia playing a home game round, one of the college football Playoffs.

(59m 42s):
There's another one like that in the Big 10. It's essentially if Indiana, if, if, if Ohio State beats Penn State and Indiana Beats, or and Ohio State beats Indiana, I think that it would be Ohio State, Indiana, Penn State, and Oh, I, I guess Oregon would have to lose a game, but they would all have one loss and Oregon would not make it to the Big 10 championship. It would be like Ohio State and Penn State. Even though Oregon beat Ohio State. Yeah. I love doomsday scenarios. Yeah. And, and 90% of the time they don't happen. They don't even become close to happening. But I like looking at like, how, how chaotic could my future be? Yeah. Memes also Knows another, there's another big test scenario. Yeah. All right. Gimme a doomsday. So let's go.

(1h 0m 22s):
Send me all your doomsday scenarios, by the way. So, or there's a possibility of Oregon, Indiana and Penn State going undefeated. Penn State has to beat Ohio State by more than one. And Indiana has to beat Ohio State by more than one. And then Indiana and Penn State would play each other in the Big 10 championship and Oregon would be left out. Why would Oregon be left out? Because I think the tiebreakers, one of the tiebreakers would rank the schedule Same opponents. Oh, is that the first tiebreaker? That's one of the, it's all without the divisions anymore in any of these conferences. It's, it's crazy. And Also every conference is different. Yeah. The way that they write it up. Yeah. I I but I'm, I'm excited for Yeah, you're right. None of these ever happened.

(1h 1m 3s):
So it's head-to-head rec record against all common conference opponents, which would be the same because they would all be undefeated and record against mutual conference opponents with best record. Were all undefeated. Big 10 winning percentage of conference opponents. So I I don, I don't know if Indiana would, I think it would maybe be Oregon Penn State in that. 'cause I think Indiana's strength of schedule is not that great. It's just put up to a fan vote. I have a question. Yeah. And this is, this could be very off base. 'cause I fell down to don don't know how I ended up in a Iowa State Pro rabbit hole. But it Iowa say's Very good. It Was a fair question. How, how does Notre Dame lose at home to NIU?

(1h 1m 44s):
Yeah. And they're ranked higher than Iowa State And then and NI uses loses to ball state. Right. It's a fair like I don again, it could have been, I was very in a very biased thread, but I, in my head I was like, yeah, that makes no sense. Yeah. Does it, does, does losing at NIU at home mean nothing? I Think it's, so I think a lot of it is the win against Texas a and m and then they beat Navy who they killed. That was, I saw that one coming. I had some Navy fans mad at me because I suggested that their defense wasn't very good. And then It was 14. Nothing with one second into the Game. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, they did turn the ball over a bunch. But I think that probably has more to do with Texas a and m having their, or sorry, Notre Dame having their best win is a road win against Texas a and m and Iowa State's.

(1h 2m 32s):
Best win is at Iowa, who I don't believe is ranked anymore. So Brian Kelly's out there still improving Notre Dame. I, I, I, by the way, I'm on your side. Iowa State should be ranked higher. You should. I always think that at least in the Power five schools, if you're undefeated, you, it should just be all the undefeated teams. Then the one lost teams that you played the games for a reason. Especially if you're one loss the bad loss. Yeah. That's the Florida State thing last year where it's like, yeah, if you win all your games, it should work out. But. yeah. Iowa State's very good. And they hopefully will get into the playoff. But the last thing we should talk about, does anyone know if a player in college football has won offensive and defensive player of the week in the same season?

(1h 3m 16s):
Is that Even possible? You mean like all time? Yeah. In the same season. They've won offensive player of the week and then another week they won defensive player of The week. I'm going back. Charles Woodson was pretty good. He, he might have done it, but I mean he was an outlier. He's the kind of guy that would win the Heisman. Yeah. Max. I think that guy from Colorado did it. Right? Oh, Travis Hunter, he won offensive player this week and he had won defensive player earlier this season. Oh, that's crazy. Wait, wow. He won offensive player the year. Yeah. Wait, offensive player of the week this week. And defensive player of the week earlier in the season. Conan O'Brien, meme Travis Hunter. You mean the cornerback? Yeah, I mean the wide receiver. Whoa. Holy shit. We're back boys we're all the way back. Well, he probably plays like, he, he probably plays like defensive tackle and then he is probably, you know, a fullback gets run as a fullback occasionally, right?

(1h 4m 2s):
No, he is a wide receiver and he had over a hundred yards receiving and two touchdowns that had four pass breakups. He played 140 snaps. And he is also the best quarterback in college football. Oh my God. That's crazy. And I'm not gonna do the negative campaign. We Should talk more about that guy. Yeah. I'm not gonna do a negative campaign of trying to talk down. We're not, we're not doing negative campaigns against anyone else. Like I wouldn't, Every, every campaign says, I wouldn't say like Cam Ward played a hapless Florida State team and was okay, but not like, you know, eight touchdowns. Oh, crying Cam Ward. I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't go out there and say that, you know, Ashton Genti, everyone keeps talking about Barry Sanders record. Look up how many games Barry Sanders played. He played 11. Ashton Genty is about to play 13.

(1h 4m 43s):
Talking about, you're Talking about Crooked Ashton. I'm Talking about thir 3.9 yards per carry. Ashton against UNLV. I'm not doing negative campaigns. Y You're right. I had no idea how. I had no idea Max. That's crazy. I, I think, I think if you're just basing this off, who's the best football player? That's the criteria, right? Yeah. Who's the best football player in the country? Yeah. I don't think that it's up for debate. I do like a couple, I'll still get a couple. AWS being like, you're only saying this. 'cause you bet on him. Shit. You know what? You know what? Since it's, since it's actually a campaign. Yeah. I bet you Travis Hunter would go on Joe Rogan. Yeah. Go on Joe. Get him on. Talk to Joe. Joe Would talk to you. Get the word out there. Travis Hunter for Heisman And Colorado is, I know people, there's a lot of people out there who didn't like Dion and last year was probably a little too much too fast in terms of, you know, the hype and then them not being a good team.

(1h 5m 30s):
They are bull eligible for the first time in forever. They're six and two and they have some winnable games down the stretch. And they're a good football team. And people were bearing them earlier this Year. Well, the Nebraska game. Yeah. Which doesn't look great. No. In retrospect, Things happen sometimes. Patrick Mahomes should be upset at Dylan Ola at this point. Well, I maybe that's why Patrick Mahome is starting to throw more interceptions. Yeah. Maybe that's why Dylan Ola is throwing interceptions Is because he sees Patrick. He saw and he is just like my hero. This Is how you football games. Do, do we think the wheels are coming off at USC? They're banning media from practice. I think this is a story that only the media cares about. Yeah. don don't know. You can't really get rid of Lincoln Re but he is his, his name does rhyme with stinking.

(1h 6m 11s):
Yeah. That's, You can't just ignore that part. Yeah. Stinking Riley. Next week we have Mion finally back. So excited. That's gonna be the, that's the big news. Next Tuesday, night Max action's Back And. we had, this is maybe our last sports Equinox night of the year. Yeah. I love equinoxes. The, the, the best. What? It's Not. It's not. Well we, there's no football. No there's football. There's football on there. There's conference. You say, dude. Oh, come on. Yeah. They've been playing on Tuesday nights. Don't know. Lose every conference. USA game ever. Alright, So who's the pick? Sam Houston. Alright. Hank doesn't know equal. I've Lost every conference. Us game every single night.

(1h 6m 52s):
Every single week. don don't know why. don don't even why I am betting on Kennesaw State and Sam Houston and Louisiana Tech. They put it on TV and I watch it. Yeah. You don't even know. Come on. What are you laughing about Max? The way you said that, the way you said that was funny. What? I just, I do. Yeah. I, and it's like there's something extra just like sick and perverted about being like, what? Oh, why are you upset? I bet on Louisiana Tech. Can you name one player on that team? No. Oh, I bet Sam Houston State the Bearcats. They they, they, it's a k instead of a CII Was watching some of the bad beats from SVP last night. Some of the schools that they show, how do they even get those tickets that are sent?

(1h 7m 33s):
Like, who is watching like the Fordham game everywhere. And there's some eyes are everywhere. The those, the shitty like Tuesday, Thursday night games that you get sometimes where the cameras are like on the moon, basically. Like in zone cam. They they're taping 'em from a blimp. Yeah. As they float above these games. But people are out there betting on God bless America. I mean, shout DraftKings are ibo our guy ibo who people might not know, but he's one of our colleagues here. Great dude. JMU. He sent me a JMU, he sent me an FCS game on Saturday morning and I personally moved the line by two points. That's good. It also was the worst pick ever. And he's a scumbag and I've been telling him all week he's a scumbag. 'cause he specifically texted people saying, this is my FCS pick today.

(1h 8m 14s):
Yeah. He Text And. it wasn't even close. He texted all of us. It wasn't even close us. He can't even watch it. He's probably doing that. Trying to move the line so he can take the other side. He Might've, he might've said that he might trap me. I know. We said next time Big Cat isn't allowed to take it until everyone else does. Yeah. Smart guy. Alright, let's do Hot Seat Kone. And then we got Paolo Band Carro on the show in studio

(1h 8m 35s):
Hot Seat Kolter on, brought to you by our forensic Coors Light. So you might have heard the Coors Light. Coors Light last ca call on Monday night in Pittsburgh. Coors Light took that and ran with it. Dropping these collectible commemorative cans that say Coors Light, Coors Light on them. The Pittsburgh quarterback doing an audible with Coors Light. We love it. So it's a double Coors Light can, they're sweet and are perfect for any Pittsburgh fans. They're only making 150 of these collectible cans. So keep your eyes on Coors Light Instagram to see how to get them. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find a pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado. Coors Light. Coors Light. That was a great audible call by the Pittsburgh quarterback. Get Coors Light again. Deliver straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take.

(1h 9m 28s):
Hank Hot Seat Cool throat. My Hot Seat is Dark Rivers Uhoh. Yeah, uhoh. They lost last night to the Celtics. They are one in three on the season 18 and 22 in the Dark Rivers era. Mm. And Giannis was talking in the post game and said, right now we don't have an identity. How are we gonna win the game? Are we gonna defend for 48 minutes? Are we going to move the ball for 48 minutes? Are we gonna attack? We've gotta find an identity. We don't have that right now. Ooh, no identity's bad. No identity's bad. That seems like that's a coaching thing. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I saw the clip that you posted. Hank would Doc Rivers like just bent over assuming the, the Spike Lee Half Court position after it was Peyton Pritchard.

(1h 10m 9s):
He had another End. Payton Pritchard again. Yeah. End of quarter three. Pointer and Doc, you could tell he is like, we worked on this, But he said it after the game to got circled and, and Peyton Pritchard had like 28 points. Yeah. Yeah. And he said after the game, he is like, I had Peyton Pritchard circled, like they were keyed in on him before the game and he still went off. Probably need Pat Bpp bring him back. Yeah. I don't know. It seems like there's, there's Dame Lillard and Giannis like that's not working. No. Never saw that coming. I mean, you see that block that that Derek White had? That was, is that an identity problem for the Milwaukee Bucks? Oh, it's just Derek White is, If you're Gianni getting, getting rejected at the rim on a by Derrick White, I mean Derrick White defensive player of the year.

(1h 10m 49s):
Potentially. Hmm. So what do we have the, the Celtics record out there? 4.0 now, right? 4.0. So What's the Season four Is what he's saying? 74 And eight. I want 74 and eight. Okay. Want 74? I forgot someone. I think if they win the playing tournament though, they can get an extra win. What? That's an extra, it's 83 games. I think so. Oh, that was just, I tweeted 74 and eight and someone replied to me with that 75. Did they playing tournament. But they probably wouldn't. Am I missing something? No, no, no. The, the Mid-season tournament playing Tournament. The NBA Cup. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That thing that we all care about a lot. It's the NBA Cup. I care very deeply about it. Yeah. Different courts. It's Color Rush. Yeah. Okay.

(1h 11m 29s):
Cool Throne. My Cool Throne is the AW Wws Award-Winning Watchers Award-winning Watchers. Oh. Oh. We have alluded to it the past few weeks. You guys had a, the, the, the great time. We all had a great time with Bob Does sports guys. Yeah. That video is coming out Tuesday night. It'll be out today when you're gonna see this. Oh, nice. Awesome. Hell yes. And yeah, if you, if you don't like me and you enjoy, you know, seeing my misery and Seeing, I forgot about this. This Is Big Cat relish in my misery, you know, make sure you tune in. It was a tough day. It was a great day. I mean, like that. It, it is one of those things. But the, the last Nine holes for you were Last few holes.

(1h 12m 10s):
Yeah. I mean, I I it's something that, you know, we've been looking forward to for a long time. I I I love Those Guys. Yeah. Overthought it a lot and, and couldn't have been worse. I was down Tremendously, Tremendously, tremendously. From all the Hank and I just had to remind, remind myself like, who cares? We're just playing golf with our friends. But that Monday night after was like, it was tough. Oh, did you? And I was, I was like, I talked to someone, I was like, I'm, I'm in a bad spot. And then I kind of realized like, what are we talking about? It's a golf video. Video. Did you ever find out whose car you hit? It was your car. I have, I have, I'm putting the footage out because people have been coming up to me. They, that was Bob to sports. I wanna blame memes, but I can't just blame 'em.

(1h 12m 52s):
The clip they posted from the video, the first video, which is on their channel, I had a bad tee shot. It went in the road and then PFT hit a car. Yeah. Well We pulled up to But they only posted, they didn't show the whole clip. Yeah, yeah. In the whole clip we pulled up, there's a, a woman on the side has no idea who we are, no idea what's going on. She's like, Hey, someone hit my car. PFT without even thinking or blinking was like, oh no. I thought, oh, that was Hank's ball. As if she was gonna be like, oh, Hank, alright, lemme talk to Hank. No, I said, I I said it was that man right over there, ma'am. That's that's the guy you Wanna talk to? No, I said that was Hank's. You definitely Said that was that man. I mean, I was pointing directly. Yeah. Yeah. I I immediately accused.

(1h 13m 32s):
You did, you did, you did. Immediately accused Hank, oh, someone hit your car. You must be looking for Hank. Yeah. And then come to find out it was you. To, to Be fair, Hank also hit a car on that T shot. I Didn't False. Okay. Well you did. It was a very loud noise. But somewhere out there, there's a person driving around Chicago with a golf ball dent in their car And $300 in their pocket. Yeah. Because I, you gave 'em a hundred. And I was like, you know what? She like kinda lingered after you gave her a hundred. I was like, here, take a couple more. I just had a hundred in my pocket. And then Big Cat was like, yeah, take take $300. And then I I thought about that the other day. I was like, do you think it'd be a good racket to just hang out next to a golf course? Yes. And say, excuse me, your ball struck my car. 'cause she had the whole story. She was like, I just got it fixed. It's my birthday.

(1h 14m 12s):
Yeah. She said it was her birthday. Yeah. Like that. That's I think when I added the 200 when she said it was her birthday, shit, that would be A good gig. A good side gig to just hang out and say that your car got smashed by a golf Ball. Yeah. Just wait for someone to hit a hit a nasty hook and you just bang on the top of your car. Ah, yeah. If somebody followed me around every time I played golf, they would probably make like $5,000 a month. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So tune into that p ft. Your Hot Seat cool Road. My Hot Seat is somebody in Georgia is using my credit card right now. Mm. And I haven't to Order food to the wrong address. Okay. Thank you Hank. I did, I did do that again. That was nice. I Had a, a seven day streak of not ordering food to the wrong address.

(1h 14m 53s):
And then last night during Monday night football, I ordered Korean food and it went to the office. I got people were like, why didn't you change the address? You can change the address. I'm aware of that. I got the phone call as the person was outside the office again. And then I was like, you can just leave it there and then Pug will get it. Pug got it. PTs down bad about this. I'm down. Because we were just sitting in the, in the studio before we started taping. I was like, why don't you just double check? He's like, I know. Yeah. I mean that's, that's the easiest thing. Yeah. Why aren't you just not do that? I know it's a problem and people are accusing me of doing it as a bit That's, it would be the worst bit of all time if I was just doing this. Yeah, I would. You would. So I think I've now done it four times in the last three weeks. It's not good.

(1h 15m 33s):
And so I think I just have to use different apps at work and different apps at home. You Could just double check YY fuck. I did say that. Yeah. Fuck up Hank. It is something that I, I, me, I'm a DoubleCheck guy. I'm not, I'm Not nothing about me is DoubleCheck. But then also on the financial side of things, somebody in Georgia is using my credit card right now and I think I might just let it play out because they're being cool about it. So I got the notification yesterday they spent $22 at Pizza Hut. Okay. And I'm like, okay, that's cool. Yeah. Like, enjoy your pizza. I'm gonna actively monitor it and see what else they're buying. Just Don't get crazy. And don't get crazy if it's you out there. Like be cool. Like go out to Dave and Buster's.

(1h 16m 14s):
Maybe have a good time. Yeah. If I see like a couple bar tabs here and there on a weekend, just keep it reasonable. Wait, But is it your physical card? No, not my, I have my physical card on me. They've got my number. Huh. So I don't know. don don't know. Awesome. Maybe they ordered It online. They might've done it online. Just be cool. Just be cool and we'll see if you can, we'll see if you can handle the responsibility. This Is the dumbest thing. This is the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Why, Why, Why would, If Whoever it is spends $22 a week on pizza in Georgia. Like that's, that's a I have feeling It. That's a, that's a cool thief. Might go differently. But. yeah. But But even he's probably testing the waters Right now and then it'll be like fraud. Yeah. But they already alerted you to potential fraud. I got alerted to potential fraud.

(1h 16m 55s):
So That's the thing. If they Yeah. If they, they're establishing residency for you, Georgia. You have a s squatter on your current card. I Got a squatter on my card, but I'm being a cool, I'm To you. I'm not like all the other card holders. I'm a cool card holder. Yeah. You're setting yourself up. You just don't feel like going through the process of Getting a new credit. That's correct. And That's fair is a million percent correct. That's Fair. Although it is kind of a nice thing to just get rid of all your unwanted subscriptions. Yes. When they all go to autopay. Yes. And it's like that card doesn't exist anymore. Yes. That's, that's a a good thing. So Max is, max is right about that. But if he does, whoever it is, he or she, if you start fucking around, I feel like I'm a dad who's whose son is at college right now. And I'm monitoring the statement, if you fuck around and spend it on, on things that you shouldn't be spending it on, then we're gonna have problems.

(1h 17m 39s):
Yeah. And if you do like get an emergency, just put a note in it. Yeah. Like it was an emergency needed. Needed $3,000 worth of gas. Yeah. CVS six orders of plan B. All right. Listen. Better you spend it now then I'm gonna have to spend more later on you. Yeah. I'm gonna up paying for this kid's like education. Yeah. And then my cool throne is statues. Mm. Statues are back. Yes. In a big way. We fucked up on Sunday by not talking about this. We were just talking about football the whole time. But the Dwyane Wade statue got unveiled on Sunday down in Miami. And it, it's an all time statue. Yeah. He looks like he's about 65 years old in it.

(1h 18m 19s):
He's doing a weird pose where he is like pointing down and they, they showed Dwayne the statue. They took the curtain off and then the look on his face was just priceless. 'cause he was like trying to act like it was a cool statue, trying to act like what an honor this is. But at the same time he was looking at his buddies. He is like, what the fuck did they do? This is so bad. What did they do to me? Yeah. It was, was so bad. Is this an insult statue that they made me? Like that's the, that's the best thing you could do to fuck with somebody that you didn't like is erect statues that look like utter shit of them. How Is this keep happening? I don't understand it. Statue making might be harder than we think it is, I guess. But isn't there just can, can there just be one guy who's really good at statues?

(1h 18m 59s):
How is, how Could they do it better in the like 14 hundreds Or even before That? I think there were more statue makers in the 14 hundreds. Yeah. And now people don't, I guess Yeah. It's like cartoons too. Yeah. People aren't growing up making statues. We got a a statue problem. We Gotta figure that out. Yeah. Or he could 3D print 'em. I liked his response though. He said it's an artistic representation. True. Oh, okay. That's A easy if you, if bad art, you can be like, what's art? I think the problem with statue makers is they don't let anybody see their statue until it's done. No, He Saw it. Oh, he saw it as being made. Oh yeah. There's, there's, I think it was the artist or someone that works with the artist tweeted pictures of him like in the warehouse looking at it long before.

(1h 19m 42s):
Mm. Oh yeah. People are comparing it to the Christiano Ronaldo statue, which that Was maybe the worst of all time. That's a great one. Apparently they fixed that one. Yeah, they Did. I Don't like that. Yeah. Yes. Did they make AI bigger yet? Oh no. Philly still has miniature statues That, I mean, that has nothing to do with ai. Whatcha talking abouts? We're talking Statues. We're talking about Allen Iverson. Yeah. Yeah. You thought we were talking about computers? No, I knew you were. What? Exactly what you were talking about. All of the statues that are going into the practice facility are Mini size. Yeah. They made AI so small. I had your Back on the, on the rundown max. They, they tried to bring up the AI statue And. it was like that's that's fake news. Yeah. You're getting fake news right now because all their statues are like that.

(1h 20m 22s):
Yep. Thank you. Thank you. Alright. My Hot Seat is altitude because altitude might be making the boys gay. So this was Earl e lunch. Blimp brisket on Twitter. Early lunch. Early lunch. Blimp brisket is his handle sent this to us. It's from the Reddit. Am I the asshole And? it says, am I the asshole for not believing my boyfriend that suddenly became gay due to altitude difference. So she writes, I can hardly believe that I'm writing this or that it, it happened, but I am And it did. Sorry. But I am And. it did. So here we go. I 28 years old female have been with my boyfriend 29 year, year old male for three years.

(1h 21m 5s):
Every now and then he has to go to Utah for a few days because his team has a customer service branch that operates out there. I got a text from one of his coworkers who has become a friend of ours. And. it said that on the trip my boyfriend cheated on me with some guy on the customer care team. By the way, what a narc. I do not, I did not believe it at first because first of all, my boyfriend has always identified as straight. And second of all, I just couldn't believe it. When he got home, I asked him about it, basically expecting him to confirm it was nonsense. Instead he got a real quiet and had a sit down and said he had to tell me something. He said it was true. He did have a one night stand with a guy. I couldn't believe it. I asked him if he was telling me if he was gay or bisexual. And regardless cheating, his cheating, he insisted he was not gay at all.

(1h 21m 47s):
But the strangest thing happened. He said that when he was at dinner with his Utah coworkers, he suddenly became gay. I was like, what? And he said, what the fuck? And he said he thinks it was due to the altitude. I believe this guy. What an all time panic. I gotta think of something move. It's, everyone's been in a spot where they gotta panic and think of something. Altitude. You think altitude made me suck That guy's dick, you think he Had this planned or you think that was just spur of the moment when Totally No, totally spur the moment he, he had none of this planned. He, I mean, he cheated. He's probably bisexual. And then when he was called out on it, he's like, what the fuck do I do?

(1h 22m 27s):
Altitude? Yeah. I'm, I'm never gonna go to Utah and find out though. Yeah. I also Feel like a girlfriend saying my boyfriend's always identified as straight is not like that's good. Most ringing endorsement. Good point. My boyfriend's definitely straight. Yeah. Not like he fuck man. Not Oh, he identifies as straight. Yeah. My boyfriend has has told me in the past that he's straight. Yeah. Like if you've had a conversation in the past, like if you're dating somebody and you know, because you've asked them, Hey, are you straight? Yeah. While you're dating them. While you're dating them, they might kind of have other inclinations, right? Yeah. And shouldn't have to know, identify to you how they feel. Yeah. I just, I, this guy listened. He, he was in a scramble drill and he's like, this is gonna work. So is he saying like, lack of oxygen to the brain?

(1h 23m 9s):
Yeah, I guess altitude. Okay. I mean, people get altitude sickness. Can you read that? I just became gay. Yeah. He, he ins says he was not gay at all, but was the strangest thing happened? He said that when he was at dinner with his Utah coworkers, he suddenly became gay. Yeah. He just had a couple drinks. I hate it when that happened. Altitude. Yeah. He's experiments. All of a sudden I was gay. Couple beers. Altitude bang, you're gay. Next thing you know, gay. It's fucking crazy. Could happen to the best of us. I still think, shout out to our guy. He's not a seg because he's not gay. But, or shout out our guy, Budha Ben who got altitude sickness had to be driven outta Colorado. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah. Altitude sickness is real. Oh yeah. Like you can get that shit Fucked up.

(1h 23m 50s):
I was there for a bachelor party, get fucked up a couple years ago and just walking to the top of the stairs in a townhouse. It's like, what? What's going on over? Next Thing you know, you're sucking a guy's dick. Yeah. Well there was A naked dude up there and I was like, what's going on? Why am I up here? I became gay. Suddenly became gay. Altitude said Was that Oh Wow, okay. No, like when he, when he the walking into the house. Yeah. What was that? That was Altitude. That's a question we need to ask. Was a, was it the house of another man? Oh, in Montana? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. That was altitude sickness. IL's a big Equinox guy too. Yeah. He was just looking for it. The altitude sickness. If anyone else has a experience of just being straight at sea level and gay at al at high altitude, let us know.

(1h 24m 33s):
Is that the plot of Brokeback Mountain? Kind of. Yeah. They just kept on going up and up. Yeah. I never saw that movie. I never did either. But I, because I've always lived at sea Level. I I did see, yeah, I saw Max and Hank reenacted on livestream one time. That's true. Yeah. And then my cool throne is Love's love Giselle is pregnant. Oh, that's nice. With the Karate instructor. Juujitsu Karate Jiujitsu, same thing. Capra Capra dance fighting. Yeah. Henry thoughts, I feel, I feel for my guy. He posted a picture of the sunset last night with landslide playing. What?

(1h 25m 13s):
I was late. He went Fleetwood Mac, he Went landslide. And I felt, I felt like I just felt Warm. Oh my God. Down bad. The landslide you only use for Down, it's, It's, that is a holy shit. That's A song you play when you want to cry. Yeah, For Sure. And when you He was crying when he sent that for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Oh Yeah. So are they, are they getting married or is this just like a, a training related injury that she's got Don don't know. I just feel, I I my my take is I feel, I feel for my guy. Yeah. The landside. Like I, I got, I almost cried.

(1h 25m 54s):
Listen, You'd rather get divorced one year too early than one year too late. Damn right. Yeah. So it's good that, it's good that They're not, and at least sequence events wasn't like pregnant than Divorce. Do you know what Tom Brady should do? That's what do to, to get, to get back at Giselle. He should get this unborn child addicted to playing football and then the unborn child becomes, loves football more than his mom. Dad cooks Her. Yeah, because I mean, that was kind of how the, the relationship, you know, Tom Brady was addicted to football. She'd be like, you got it Max. Now It's a juujitsu in structure, so you know that thing's gonna be kicking in the wound. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. All that shit.

(1h 26m 34s):
That's tough. Damn. It's tough. I I feel like you're down bad. I, yeah. I I was You should do the landslide because Tom, I thought about it. Tom was Team Hank. So you gotta be your, you gotta be team Thomas Dove man. Yeah. Do you think he was gonna be Team Juujitsu? Yeah. Yeah. This is, it's not good. We Should take a karate class for a video. That would be fun. You wanna just fight? I'd like to see Max just in the Donny Does Juujitsu around here, dude. Breaking chef. Donny. Yeah. I don't know if I don wanna do Juujitsu though, because that's the one where you like another man has your back and you're getting choked off. Yeah. No, I wanna do I Yeah. Joe Missoula. I'll let him choke me out. I wanna just break A board. Mountains But.

(1h 27m 14s):
yeah. Breaking boards would be, I'll let him choke Me out on sea level. I don't care. Hell yes, Hank. Hell yes. Well, I mean, when you get choked out, you're technically just turning into gay 'cause you're getting less oxygen in your brain. He's choke, he's choking you out from straight to gay. Every, every dead person's actually gay. Yeah. You, you, when you, when Joe Missoula is gonna choke you out, you're going to wake up and you're just gonna be gay. That's how it works. Fellas. Is it gay to get killed, It suddenly became gay. Nice try, dude. Okay, let's get to Pao. Ban Carro in studio.

(1h 27m 50s):
Before we do that, we have a couple ads before we Get to Pao. Ban Carro. He's brought to you by our good friends over at Morgan and Morgan. Morgan Morgan is America's top injury law firm. We all know 2024 has been wild so far. So let's talk about something important. If you're injured by a person, place, or thing, you deserve to get paid. Life can be crazy. Sometimes one person's negligence can result in another settlement. If you're in an accident, not calling a lawyer means you could be leaving money on the table. When you're seriously hurt, your injury could be worth millions. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Morgan Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over a hundred offices nationwide and more than a thousand lawyers with over $20 billion recovered for over 500,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. Submitting submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is so easy. Throwing a hail Mary is hard. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win For. more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement.

(1h 29m 5s):
And now here's Paolo Quero. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. It is Paolo Quero. Fresh off 50 points. We actually, Paolo, first of all, thank you for coming to the office. Yes sir. We appreciate it. We were, so, it's obviously football season, so we're like, oh, we're, this is gonna be great. We're gonna have Palo in, we can save it for when we need to interview. And then you decided to drop 50 on Monday night. We're like, well, we have to run this right away because for, I mean, we'll start there. What was it like being in the zone? You were in the zone. Yeah. 37 and a half. Yeah. Yeah. I was in the zone, man. It was just one of those games where like, you make your first couple shots and you just get lost in it and then you just keep going.

(1h 29m 51s):
You know, you're not even worried about, you know, how many points you are scoring. You just, you know, you don't, you don't, you don't wanna stop. So it was, it was fun, man. I've, I've been, I've had a couple big games in the league, you know, in playoffs, whatnot. But like, that was probably definitely like the standalone game where it just, it was just like a avalanche. It, like, kept going. Did you actually feel like everything you threw at the hoop was going in no matter what? Yeah, for sure. That's awesome. And just when you get to that point, you know, it's like your instincts take over and so you just start doing stuff that you worked on in the summer, you know, shots that, you know, you practice that maybe you wouldn't, you know, shoot every game, but like, you're feeling good so you're gonna let that one fly. So it was fun, man.

(1h 30m 31s):
Yeah. What, What does it feel like and, and have you figured out, like, have you, have you thought about how to recreate that feeling? Yeah, for sure. That's all I, that's all I ever think about is, you know, how can I get in that zone as, as often as possible. And I think it's just, like I said, trusting your instincts when you go out there, being aggressive, having like, you know, an aggressive mindset, but also not trying to press and force it. Like, I don't think anything or any bucket I had in that game was, was forced or was a, a forced shot. I think I just let the game come to me. You know, I, it was, everything was happening, happening so naturally. Yeah. And, it was a, it was flowing, so it was really, it was really fun though. H If that's just how good you are now. Yeah. If you go out tomorrow night and it's like another 50. Yeah, I mean that's, that's kind of, that's like what I think in my head is like, you know, why can't I do it again?

(1h 31m 16s):
Obviously you're not gonna put up 50 every night, but like, just that Mindset, but not with that mindset. No, I mean, what like you, what if you're still in the zone? Yeah, no, I'm, you could still be in the zone. Yeah, I'm very much still in the zone for sure. It's, it is only game four, you know, so I felt like I got off to a great start in Miami and I was in that zone and I felt like I left a lot of points on the board in that game. And so these, the, the two after that was like, you know, I was chilling a little bit, wasn't as happy with my performance. And then, you know, that fourth game, like, I was like, oh, okay, so this is what it looks like if I kind of put it all together and I still left, you know, I miss a bunch of free throws, you know, a couple shots I could have made. So like, it, it just makes it fun for me. 'cause I know there's more, you know, don don't feel like, oh man, I, I, I gave everything I had.

(1h 31m 60s):
I can't go any, you know, further than that. It's like, nah man, I feel like I can, you know, go get 60, 70. Yeah. I love That. That's gotta be the best feeling ever. Are you gonna eat the same meal before, before the game? Like, do everything the same way? No, No, I'm not that superstitious. I would say, you know what, what I eat is, is not necessarily most about what I eat, but like, the amount of calories I get, like I just gotta eat a, a shit ton of food before the game, just so I have, you know, energy. So I, I saw that online that you lose seven pounds of sweat. Is that true? During the game there was some, it's like it got, the way it got reported and when I was in college, it was like a, a, a little walky. Okay. But yeah, basically like there would be practices you weigh in before, a way out after.

(1h 32m 44s):
And so I'd weigh in at, you know, certain weight and then after practice I'd be, you know, seven, eight pounds lighter. And so they like, you know, they were all like amazed by that. But I just sweat a ton. And so then I started cramping the, at the start of my freshman year, a couple games, and they kind of made it a big deal when really, honestly, people don't really know, well I think I said it, but like, at that time in my life I didn't really have an idea of like electrolytes and like Right, like the fact that you need them every single game. Yeah. Because like, I was just drinking water a little Gatorade, but I wasn't drinking like electrolyte con like, you know, Pedialyte or stuff like that. Yeah. So I was going into these games, like super high intensity game, like stuff that I've never felt before.

(1h 33m 26s):
And like my body was like just locking up. So I was like, you know, tripping at first. But once I started drinking Pedialyte and electrolytes, stuff like that, I got, I got. Right. So W was there like a, I, I always am fascinated the the jump of college to pros and then you, you go from being a student and you know, you're, you're in college, you don't have millions of dollars and you're a pro and now you're spending money on your body and stuff. Have you noticed that for your body where it's like the amount that you put in off season training, just how to deal with it? Like you're just that much stronger and better? Yeah, for sure. I think you don't really pay attention to what you eat, or at least I didn't when I was a kid or a teenager, you know, I was kind of eating whatever.

(1h 34m 7s):
I was always in pretty good shape. But, you know, once you get older And, it start playing at a higher level, you realize that, you know, certain stuff makes you feel certain ways and like, you know, for a game, you know, I gotta load up on a bunch of stuff because I know I'm gonna, you know, I'm out there trying to go a hundred percent the whole game. Right. You know, for 40 plus minutes if I have to. So I know how much energy that takes outta me, especially me being, you know, my size and trying to move as much as I do. You know, it takes a lot of energy. And so like, you know, you realize that, you know, you gotta eat, you know, whether you're hungry or not. Sometimes, like, sometimes I'm not even hungry, but I know I gotta get these meals in in order for Me. I feel the same way. Yeah. You gotta eat, eat.

(1h 34m 47s):
I think it's interesting that Duke doesn't provide adequate nutrition for their players. Oh. And they also make you weigh in all the time. It is. Like, it gives you a bad body image there. Yeah. And. it doesn't sound healthy mentally For the players. Do you, do you wanna do the Duke stuff now? Yeah, Let's get it out the Way. Okay. So when you sat down, I told you, I was like, Hey look, I'm just so you know, I'm, I'm a very big Duke Header. Yeah. So let me, let me rewind a little bit on like, when I was talking about this podcast. Yeah. So they were like, bar stool Big Cat. Yeah. It's the, it is the guy who's running it. And I was like, hold on. Like, why is that Nick, or why does that username sound familiar? And I just remembered being in College Coach K's last year and I always saw like on Twitter, and by the way, going to Duke taught me to like stay off Twitter.

(1h 35m 33s):
Yeah, Yeah. People, guys like me are on those Streets. Yeah. Guys like you. That's, It's not for you. Yeah. It's for me, it made me realize like, you know, stay off Twitter during the season, like just focus. But anyway, my whole freshman season, every time we lose or have a bad game, it'd be bar stool, fucking Big Cat talking shit. And I'd be like, who runs this account though? I'm like, who is this dude? Like, he's shitting on, you know, us Coach K. And I just, it would piss me off. So kind of circled back. It's funny how That was, I, it feels good. Yeah. Yeah. So I, so I'll tell you my trauma real quick. I, I went to the University of Wisconsin. I don't think they'll ever win a national championship in anything. Nah. They were up at half against Duke in 2015. From that moment forward, it was like, I never, I never liked Duke, but that was like, I, that was it.

(1h 36m 16s):
It they, a part of my soul is still in Lucas Oil stadium in Indianapolis. You were there. I was there. Wow. A part of my soul is sitting there in the seats and it's just never coming back. So when Coach K said that he was going to retire and he made sure that he let everyone know that he was gonna retire 12 months before he was gonna retire And, we all had to, you know, suck his dick for a year. Oh geez. I decided that I was gonna make it a per, per a personal mission to just be on his ass the whole time. So you were actually, you kind of were like a, a casualty of war because it wasn't like a personal hatred to towards you. It was Coach K. You just happened to be on the last Duke team. Yeah. With Coach K. So that last game in Cameron, that was awesome, Man.

(1h 36m 60s):
That was some bullshit. That's what that was. That was, that was that, that was, man you, I I feel like you guys were put in a bad spot from a player's. I listen, I loved it. I loved every second of that game. But from a player's perspective, to be honest with you, the pomp and circumstance and when they roll out, like 90 dudes who went to Duke and were Coach K, like the pressure that was on you guys was not fair. I feel like, is that, is that a accurate statement? I don't, I wouldn't say it's not fair. I think that's why you go to Duke. Okay. To play in those type of games. The brotherhood. Yeah. I mean Coach K told me before I even got to Duke that my year was gonna be his last year.

(1h 37m 40s):
So I came in already knowing that every game we played was gonna be a big deal because of him. Yeah. And. it was his last game. So, and everyone knew that last game in Cameron was like, you know, before the season even started, you knew that was gonna be the game. Yeah. The game, you know, we, everyone was talking about that the whole season. Like, man, what's gonna happen? Who's gonna be there? Like, it was already being talked about the whole season. So you can't don don't, I wouldn't say it was unfair 'cause we knew what was to expect. Yeah. But then what about when you get in the tournament and the pressure of the tournament knowing it's his last tournament. It's, that's gotta be a lot. I mean, you guys are, you know, 18, 19-year-old kids. You go to the Final four, you had a good tournament run. I can't, did you guys lose? Who'd you guys lose To? You know who we lost to?

(1h 38m 20s):
Okay. I was there for that too. No, I was there. I remember that they lost to NC in the last home game. They didn't lose to NC in the tournament did. No, no. That was the last home game. So who did you guys lose to tournament? We Lost. Same team, Huh? Yeah. Damn. Yeah, we know. That sucks. This is the beauty of our podcast by the way, just to like break character for a second. You just put up 50 in an NBA game and you're like, you know, a hundred million dollars, one of the best players in the NBA and we're sitting here being like, ha, you lost the UNC. I mean, that's what I get that all the time though. I mean, like I said, I have like that I, I loved my college career. Like I thought it was awesome, but like, that will forever be a stain, you know, is is losing those two games to that school obviously.

(1h 39m 3s):
'cause we were, it's hard. And I, and let it out. Let it out and, and they beat us twice. So credit to them, they beat us twice. Two after three times. They were the better team in those two games. But we were so much better than the man Oh. As a team. Like we was so much, we went in there the first time we played them, we walked into the d do and beat 'em by 30. Right. And like, and, and took their, like you could just tell we was just a better team. And I feel like if That second game was once A team in college though, like once a team, any team in any sport is, is playing high and, and, and you know, on a, you know, a, you can call a Cinderella run like that, it's, they're hard to be. So, yeah. You know, guys on their team made a lot of shots. But it doesn't, it'll never, you know, I'll never be convinced that we weren't just hands down better than them.

(1h 39m 45s):
Yeah. I just think in the, when the moment was there, when it was the moment they had guys that stepped up and made plays in the moment. So you gotta give 'em credit. Did You, were you thinking about going anywhere else besides Duke? Were you thinking about maybe staying at Washington? Our guy Spencer Ho would've been happy about that. Yeah. You guys know Spencer? Yeah. He's a good friend of told me To tell you. That's, That's my big bro. He wants his golf clubs back. Yeah. Oh yeah. They're in Seattle. He gotta get on. He gotta text my dad about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But no. Yeah, I thought about going to a few different schools, man. Honestly, like Duke wasn't even, you know, probably a top two or three until Covid hit. 'cause I remember going on, I went on five official visits my junior year before Covid and everything.

(1h 40m 26s):
And so I went to Duke, UNC, Kentucky, Tennessee and Gonzaga. And I had a blast on four out of five. And Duke was the one I actually had, you know, it was, it was a great experience, you know, being around the campus, but like, I didn't have a fun time. Like it wasn't that fun. Yeah, yeah. And then, so I kind of had a, it was like, ah, you know, not really feeling it, but once Covid hit and everything shut down, down, like, you know, I just kind of started thinking about it even more and more. And that's when Coach K like, you know, you, you expect a guy like him, the, the, you know, the, the goat to not be so, you know, anxious to talk to me every single day.

(1h 41m 8s):
But he was like, by far outta any coach, you know, calling me the most, texting me the most throughout the pandemic. Like, Sounds like a violation. No, no, no. Viol. He was calling you and I'll open up the file again. So you, so you didn't really want to go to Duke and then when the country shut down all the investigative parts of the NCAA shut down, he started being in touch with you. And then No, I Think what happened was dropped the bag off. I was a 16-year-old kid taking visits and I was caught up in, oh, I didn't have that much fun on this Duke visit. Right. Yeah. So they're not that high up on my list. And then Covid kind of brought me back down to earth and I realized, look, I'm trying to go to the NBA. Yeah, yeah. And be number one pick. So, so I need to go to where I have the best opportunity. Yeah. So obviously I listen, I don't like Coach K, I don't like Duke.

(1h 41m 51s):
But I can admit that he's the best college coach of all time. That's, there we go. He, I mean he is, there we go. He won every, in every decade. It was crazy. All he did was win. It was, it pissed me off. What was it about him though? Like when, when you got there and you started getting into Coach K practices that made him different or how he pushed you guys? Because I, I do respect the fact that he's a great coach. I don't like him otherwise, but I can say that much. Yeah. I mean, he's just really like, probably the best motivator I ever been around. He just knows how to push your buttons and get the best outta you no matter who it is. Like he's just so, you know, he's so good at knowing how to communicate with each and every person on the team.

(1h 42m 31s):
You know, he communicates to everyone differently. And so I think for him with me, it was like he saw how talented I was, but he knew that I had to become more of a, a leader and more of a voice. You know? 'cause I, I used to, you know, I was really one of those guys that just kind of let this play do the talking, you know, lead by example type of guy. Like I wasn't very vocally, you know, active and coming in as a freshman, like, you know, he would let me know like, man, it doesn't matter that you're a freshman, you gotta, if you're the best player on the team, you gotta be a leader. You gotta be the vocal leader. You know, or you're never, the team's never gonna be what it should be. Right. If you're not leading it. And so, like I struggled, you know, understanding that at times back then.

(1h 43m 12s):
But like now, three years later when I'm in the NBA, like I fully understand and like, it's crazy 'cause everything he's ever told me or like everything he ever said was gonna happen if I did this or did that. Like it's happened. Yeah. So like when I look back and think about all the stuff he's ever told me or got on me about, it's all like true. And all it came to, came to fruition. So, yeah. It's crazy. That's pretty cool. I read a story that he called your mom one time and he told your mom, I'm gonna read the quote here. Paolo's gonna call you tomorrow because I'm about to get in his ass. And then your mom said, I promise you he's not gonna call this house. It's not a soft place to land. And Coach K said, I've been trying to talk to him and I can tell he is mad, but I'm trying to be nice.

(1h 43m 52s):
And then your mom told Coach K that if you want him to get pissed, if you want him to do what you want him to do, Reem his ass, then kick him outta practice. Don't kick him out where he can send the locker room, kick him outta the building. So your mom was coaching Coach K on how to coach you at time on how, how to get through. To me, how crazy is that? That sounds like my mom right there. Yeah, for sure. And she was an unbelievable basketball player herself, right? Yeah. She's an unbelievable player. And she was a coach too for like the, like up till I was probably 13, 14. She was a coach. Oh Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, did you never wanna play football? 'cause your dad played football. I played football, yeah. That was like my first love. Were you obviously An incredible football player too? Yeah, I was. I was legit.

(1h 44m 32s):
Yeah. I was legit. And then I would say I hit a, I started hitting my growth spurt and you know, once you get to above like six, six in football, it gets kind of hard. Yeah. You know, guys, you know, it's hard to get low, you know. But I, I loved football man. I was like my first love my dad. I remember him taking me out back to the backyard when I was like six years old working on hitting like, I love football. I still watch football religiously study it, follow it, you know, college and NFL. So my little brother plays receiver, you know. So where's he Play? He plays, he's a junior in high school. Oh, nice. Oh, okay. So Yeah, trying to get him, trying to get him to college. He, he should be, he should be good though. Okay. So you're a Seahawks fan. Yep. All right. That's you. You had a pretty good experience growing up then.

(1h 45m 13s):
Yes. That was in Golden boom. Golden age man. Yeah. Yeah. That was like Prime Seattle. Yeah. Yeah. So Marshawn Lynch guy, Huge. Marshawn Lynch Legion and boom, all that. Yeah. Pete Carroll. Wait, where do you land on the Anthony Edwards who could play in the NFL? Yeah, someone else asked me about that. I said that I think he would do it until he took a, took a real hit. And I think, I think he wanna go back play basketball. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's fair. I say the minute you go over the middle it's like, okay. Yeah, it was pretty nice making hundreds of millions dollars guaranteed money in the NBA. Exactly. I Think that's a big thing. I also feel like you could just be a tight end on, on goal line packages. Yeah. Oh yeah. Just throw a jump ball up.

(1h 45m 53s):
They don't have to put you in where you're gonna get hit. Yeah, no, I mean, I could play receiver. Yeah, yeah, For sure. I would like to see that. I would like to see another two sports at this time. Basketball. Yeah. And football. I think it'd be good for both sports. So you said at one point that you're delusional that you don't think you have any weaknesses in your game. I like that. I like that a lot. And I can tell that you get, like, even just talking about the UNC stuff and Duke, you have a chip on your shoulder. Yeah. Where you, like, you're still pissed off about that and you carry that forward. You probably use that to make you better. But if you think that you're, if you're like self-admitted delusional and you think that there are no weaknesses in your game, how then do you figure out what you have to improve on By just realizing that I'm not perfect, I'm, you're really never gonna be perfect.

(1h 46m 41s):
So I think just doing whatever I can to chase perfection. Like, or strive for it. You know, I think if you can strive for it, you'll land somewhere close to it. And so just whatever I can do. I mean, obviously like I'm only in my third year, so every year has been something that I can improve on. Like nothing I feel is a weakness. 'cause I feel like I can do everything, but there's certain areas that, you know, I can get better at or that I can improve on. Especially, you know, coming into the NBA, you know, it's a different game, better players. So you have to sharpen up on a lot of stuff that, you know, in high school and college you can physically dominate guys. And so I was so used to that, you know, high school, it was really no challenges college, it was, you know, challenges.

(1h 47m 23s):
But it was, you know, pretty, pretty easy for the most part in terms of UN Unc. Yeah. But even UNC wasn't doing nothing about that. Well, I'm the beach two outta three. They, I had 20 and 10. They, they wasn't stopping nothing. Yeah. But yeah, I think every, every level I think to be the best. You, you can't just stop working or you can't ever, you know, stay in one place. I think you just have to always add something or sharpen something. Yeah. And So yeah, you were, I mean, you were good right away in the NBA, but you were also a teenager to start in the NBA. Was there any moment where you're like, this is grown men, like not a welcome to the NBA moments? Because I think you had a ferocious dunk, like one of your first couple games. Yeah.

(1h 48m 3s):
But was there any moment where you're like, oh shit, like this is man strength verse. Yeah. I gotta I gotta get my weight up. Yeah. My first people always talk about like the first regular season game being like the thing. But like for me it was preseason. 'cause that's, I mean, it's live action, right? You know, so we played, we played at Memphis. Our f my first ever NBA action was at Memphis. And that was, they had a good unit. That was when they had John Bain Brooks, Steven Adams, jar Jackson. And so, yeah, I was on Steven Adams a couple times and like, I tried to free throw line box out and I'm trying to box him out and he just like nudged me with one arm all the way under the hoop And.

(1h 48m 44s):
it was just like nothing you could do. Yeah. And I didn't have a very good game. And so I just remember being like, oh yeah, that was different. Like, that was not, you know, college that was not anything like, that was, that was a different speed, different strength, like all over the floor. And so I think those preseason games helped me. So then when that first regular season came, you know, I was already kind of adjusted to it, but like my first taste of the, of the NBA was like, it was, it was rough. Like, I don don't think I scored more than eight, you know, seven, eight points that game. Yeah. So, so when you get to the NBA, obviously your number one pick, everyone knows you're incredible basketball player. But was there ever a moment where you get on the court with someone you watched and you're, you had like a second where you're like, oh shit, that's Kevin Durant.

(1h 49m 24s):
Oh damn, that's LeBron where you had to like, almost snap out of him and be like, wait, no, I'm Powell Ben Carroll, I gotta play in this game. Yeah. I say every, every star that I've, or every superstar I'd say that I played against in my rookie year, I, I had a decent game except LeBron. Like Katie, you know, I played, well, we battled. He had 40 on my head. But like I, I had like 20 something. Like I felt like I played all right. But like, bro, I remember the first time we played bro at, in, in Orlando and I was just starstruck in my rookie year. I had a terrible game too. I had like two points fouled out, like probably my worst, one of my worst games in the NBA. And I was just, but the whole time it was like I couldn't, I was like, damn, like LeBron's out here and I'm out here.

(1h 50m 9s):
And I couldn't just, I couldn't get past it. I couldn't even think straight. Yeah. Have you gotten like words of encouragement from somebody that you grew up? Like idolizing somebody that you grew up as a fan of and, and they see you and they recognize you and they come over to you and like let you know like, Hey, you're gonna be great. Yeah. I mean, it's happened a lot, you know, up to now. But I would say like, you know, hearing it from Katie Carmela, those two right there, you know, I saw them my rookie year, all-Star Break And. we were in a, an event and I was in the same event and they both pulled me to the side. And. we, we were all having a conversation and basically they were just telling me, you know, you know, I'm one of, I'm one of those guys. I just gotta, you know, stay, stay hungry, stay in the gym.

(1h 50m 50s):
And so my rookie year hearing that from those two, it was like, that was all I needed to hear. I didn't need no other, you know, validation from anybody else. Like, those are two, two of my, you know, probably top three, four favorite guys ever. So I would say that moment. Yeah. Yeah. It's gotta be cool. That'll be awesome. One day you'll get a statue. Yeah. You want a statue like Dwayne? Yeah. I mean there's a, there's a picture or you talking about a statue from of me. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, hell yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think a statue would be dope. Yeah. Obviously I, I wanted to be pretty good resemblance of me though. I think I've been seeing a couple statues that have been a little, little, You gotta be involved in the sculpting process the entire way. I You wanted to be surprised.

(1h 51m 30s):
Yeah, yeah. Gotta Prove it For sure. Yeah. You gotta see it. So this last year you guys go to the playoffs, you the Magic girl, a really young team, fun team. You go to the playoffs, you go to seven against the Cavs. Was it, could you feel the difference playing in playoff basketball, like the intensity? And also was there ever a moment where you're like, damn this, these games suck because there were a couple games that were tough? Yeah, I think both sides. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think definitely feel the difference. Yeah. Like a hundred percent you feel a difference just with everything. The atmosphere, the buildup, the ref, refereeing, you know, everything is just different. The trash talk, you know, everything is just elevated in the playoffs. And then, yeah, I think those first two games were like pretty shitty. 'cause it was our first two games ever in the playoffs as a team.

(1h 52m 13s):
And I just remember Cleveland was talking so much shit like, you know, telling us we wasn't ready for this. And like, they're beating us so we can't really talk. And then I just remember winning those next two at home and like, we all kind of felt like, nah, we, we belong here. You know what I'm saying? And then we, you know, game five is the one that hurts for me because I was so sure that we was gonna win that game. And so when we didn't, I feel like that, you know, that game, if we win that game, I think we win the series in game six. So when we lost that game, I think we lost about one or two at the last second. You know, that was tough. And then Game six won that, that was a hell of a game in Orlando doing that in front of the fans. Yeah. Fortune game seven, that was like big for the city.

(1h 52m 54s):
I think just doing that, you know, not going home, fighting another live another day. And then Game seven was tough too, man. 'cause we were up, you know, 18, I think And, we just felt, you felt it for a second. Like, we're about to do this. Like, it felt like that for a second and then that shit just went away. Yeah. In the second half. But that's also the, the kind of, the beauty of the NBA is like, you never, young teams are so much fun because they have to go through like the pains and they have to build up. So it's like you guys kind of earn your stripes last year. Do you feel that coming back this year where it's like, we d we went to the playoffs, we went to a game seven. Yeah. We didn't advance, but we know what it takes to get back to that sp spot. Next year's gonna be different. Yeah, a hundred percent.

(1h 53m 34s):
I think that's just the attitude with every, everyone. I think the whole summer, I think leaving, leaving after that game seven loss, I think that was just the whole vibe was like, this is just the beginning. Like, we are, we're gonna be back here and And it won't be the same result. So I think that just motivated everyone on the team throughout the summer. And you just saw guys working and getting better and, you know, when we came back for training camp, we had a pretty intense training camp. Probably the best or not probably definitely the best camp I've been a part of since being with the Magic in the NBA. And I think, you know, everyone's kind of poised right now and just trying to stay steady throughout this early season and realizing how important this early season is too. 'cause that's what helped us last year was having such a good start.

(1h 54m 16s):
So I think, yeah, everyone's just in a good mind frame love. I, I feel like the NBA playoffs, we don't talk about how long it is enough and how many games you have to play Sometimes. Yeah. It's a, it is a hell of a, it's a hell of a journey. Like, I remember just thinking after Game seven, like I'm spent right now mentally and physically. Like I couldn't imagine having to get it together. Yeah. And go play in two days at Boston and start a whole nother, you know, series. Yeah. Especially if you got like three more series after that. Exactly. It's Like, and and to be able to win a championship is like, that does seem to me like we talk about hockey being so hard. We talk about the NFL if you have to go on the road a few times playing one game a week, but in NBA postseason you're adding on like an extra two and a half months of your season. Yeah, no, it's, it's a full blown second season.

(1h 54m 58s):
Yeah. That's what it feels like. But what about the NBA Cup, maybe third season? How focused are you right now on the NBA Cup? I think, I think the NBA cups are good. I think I like it. We, we, we had a chance to make it last year. We lost a tie breaker or else we would've been, you know, in Vegas. But I think it's dope for the league to like, have something early in the year that fans can be drawn to and, you know, you can win some money and a trophy. And it's also, you know, cer certain bragging rights are, are part of it, I think as well where you got these pools with teams and you got the, you know, the NBA Cup showdown in Las Vegas. Like, I think it's all, it's all cool. Yeah. So thinking about going heavy on the magic for the NBA Cup, to me that's like how you guys learn how to win.

(1h 55m 40s):
Yeah. You win The NBA Cup, that's basically a playoff series. Yeah, it can be. Yeah. Yeah. We'll get back to Paolo Van Carroll in a second. He's being brought to you by, Hey dude, windy and Wally are the original iconic styles that are the foundation of Comfy at Hey dude, they're beloved for the most cushioned insult ever. Wally and Windy are ridiculously lightweight and bring a ton of fun with mix and match materials that can complete any outfit. I've got some, Hey dudes right here. I've actually got 'em behind me. I wear 'em around the office a lot. I wear 'em at home all the time. Perfect shoes to just wear around the house. Perfect shoes. Take the dog outside on a quick walk. Go out, check the mail, go out, get the food, go out, get get the paper. Hey dude are the most comfortable shoes in the world.

(1h 56m 20s):
The franchise is always evolving and growing from classic all white to camo or fleece. There's a Wally or a windy that's perfect for everyone. Buy your windy and Wally's today@heydude.com or head to local Dick's Sporting Goods to find them in person. Check 'em out. Hey dude.com. And now here's more Palo Bank Arrow. Hey, Are you gonna ever play for Team Italy? You have Italian, you have an Italian passport, right? Yeah, I'm a citizen. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm not Italian, but my, my kids are Italian, so I'm supportive. I'm Italian father, so I am supportive of your culture. We max in The booth there. He's he's full Italian kind of crazy angry and all that stuff. So Are you gonna do it though?

(1h 57m 2s):
Well, I was And then now you're gonna play for team USA. Well, I already did play for Team USA, But I'm saying, wait, were you in this Olympics? No, No, no, no. I was in the World Cup. Yeah. But so the next Olympics you're in Team USA. So even if Italy drops a bag, what if Italy's like Paolo, you're our guy. A hundred mil. Put A horse head in your bed. Sheesh. A hundred million. Yeah. I don't, I don't know if I could turn that down. Yeah, You can't turn that down. Yeah. I don't think I could turn that down. What if it's guys like us playing on the team with you? I mean, I, I've seen their team, we played against them actually when I played for USA, we played against Italy in the quarter finals And they were pretty good. No, we won by 40.

(1h 57m 43s):
We Won, we won by 40. But like, it was a, it was a fun game. You know, they were, they were heckling me a little bit. So like, I felt like it was dope. It was dope. Like having that international, like yeah. You know, they didn't really like me, but it was like, I embraced it. It was cool. Okay. And, and, and all the players and coaches showed love. Yeah. It was the fans. So, you know, it was, I, it, that was a, that was a hell of a process, man. I, that was a hell of a process. Yeah. Like that whole, that was after my rookie year. Like it was when I had to make the decision. And I had been talking to LY for a while because they reached out to me when I was like 16 years old. Reached out to my dad and I'm sure they saw my name and was like, who the hell is this kid?

(1h 58m 25s):
Yeah. He's got an oh on the end of his name Yeah. With this Italian name. And so at the time I had been trying out for USA's junior teams and I got cut. So I wasn't really rocking with, with like the whole USA thing. 'cause I was salty about getting cut. And so I committed to play for Italy and they were gonna put me right onto the national team as a 16, 17-year-old. And, you know, I was gonna play until Covid, like if I, if Covid never happened. Oh, wow. If Covid never happened, I would've played in 2020 for You wouldn't have gone to Duke and you would've been an Italian hero. I probably would've still went to Duke. You kind of said you didn't. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I would've said I went to Duke Though. Italian hero. Yeah. I mean, you're going to, I I assume the next Olympics, your eyes are on team USA and wanted to be in the Olympics.

(1h 59m 11s):
I mean, you should be. Yeah. I think that would be cool. Especially being in LA. Yeah. But that's a long ways away. Yeah, that Is a long ways way. But I, I'm gonna vote for you. I think it's a fan vote. And I'll put you, I'll fan Vote you in. I appreciate that. Yeah, it was fun watching. It was fun watching the Olympics this summer from, from I was back home. And. it was fun watching it. Yeah. Did you see our mutual friend Donnie McGrath partying with the team after? No, I didn't. Oh, I'll show you that video after. Yeah, I didn't see that. Yeah. Damn. Oh wait, you know what? He wasn't Paris during that time. Yeah, He was. Yeah. Donny's a a former teammate of mine. Yeah, sounds about right. Yeah. TBT that's what Donny that's, that's, that's Donny right there. He's the best. Yeah. With, with Lyft, you guys are, they're they're crushing It. Yes, sir.

(1h 59m 50s):
They're they're doing great things right now. Yeah. They're the best. I feel like that Would be a, a, it'd be an awesome honor to represent the United States at the Olympics, but at the same time, you probably want a break from taking basketball, right? Like gimme my off season. Well, yeah, I mean that was, yeah, I think definitely. Well I don't think there's any international competitions leading up to it, so if that was to present itself, I think, you know, being a part of that is probably a dope experience. I was on the World Cup team, you know, and that was a little different, you know, we didn't medal or anything, so that was like a shitty experience. But I think if you win gold though, it's worth it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But if you lose though, it's like you should, It's really no win.

(2h 0m 31s):
It's like you're the US you should win a basketball. Exactly. Yeah. What's the one thing, I feel like all sports culture has kind of gotten a little weird with fans. We're idiots, we sit on The couch, we're like, oh, we could do that. What's the one thing that fans think that like, is easy in basketball? You're like, you have no idea. Because there are guys who like Yeah. You know, who rip a, a NBA player. Like, you don't understand even the NFL NBA debates. Yeah. You don't understand how good NBA players are. Yeah. Even the last guy on the bench. Yeah. No, I think, I think, I mean, fans, fans I think are really emotional. Obviously act off emotion. So when you see someone have a bad game, you know, they suck automatically. But one, I think they don't realize for basketball players how tough it is to play 82 games.

(2h 1m 14s):
Yeah. Or be in the 82 game season. You know, just with the traveling, you know, getting in late three, 4:00 AM having to wake up the next day and play, you know, and then get, and then fly out and play the next day. You know, it's like there's, there's certain stretches of the season where you know it's gonna get to anybody. Right. And so obviously fans, you know, wanna see their team win. No. No matter what. But I think there's certain parts of the season where, you know, guys are starting to feel fatigued and mentally, physically, and then I think just on the court, probably just, man, it's hard to do. It is hard. The n NBA a's the hardest league in the world. Like, it's hard to do anything in the NBA. Yeah. I think that's something that a lot of people even like hoopers that aren't in the NBA, you know, they say, oh, the NBA is so much space, it's so easy.

(2h 2m 1s):
Like, it's only easy if you're like, good as fuck. Like Right. You have to, you have to be like one of those guys and you have to like, have a crazy work ethic, take care of your body, like, or just be the most talented guy in the world to even put up those type of numbers. So when you see guys like Luca making it look all easy or like me or whoever, like, yeah, it looks easy on this, on this, you know, Instagram reel. But like, this shit is hard man. That, That's like, JJ Reddick said it a couple years ago, which I never really thought about until he mentioned, he's like, everyone's like, oh yeah, the NBA, they don't play defense. Like, no, the offense is so goddamn good that even if you play perfect defense, like Kevin Durant or PA Ban Caro, they're gonna still score 25.

(2h 2m 42s):
Oh Yeah. No, it's, it's, it's, I mean, you come into it like the best players, like you're not stopping certain guys from getting, you know, 30, 25, 30 points. Like Yeah. You know, you can make it hard and, and, and hopefully, you know, get a couple clutch stops, you know, when you need to. But like, you know, certain dudes, you're not stopping. Yeah. I do love the, the mentality though of the average hater online. Yeah. Like somebody that's that divorced from reality that they're like, dude, you suck. Yeah. So if you took like the ha the average hater online and you said lock them in a gym with you and they have two days to score one basket and only one of you can leave. Yeah. Like if he scores the basket, you have to stay in that gym for the rest of your life. Yeah. And vice versa.

(2h 3m 22s):
Do you think you think someone could score on you in two days? Hell no. Average Player? No. Like no. You talking about like a average person? Yeah. Just one basket. No, At any time. Like if you fall asleep, he can dribble up to the basket. If it's Two days straight, no rest. Two days. Yeah. No. If, if, if I got it, if I'm, if I lose, I gotta stay in the rest of my life. Rest your life. I would never, I would not let Yeah. You wouldn't sleep. No, I wouldn't sleep. Yeah. You Just lock him down. Yeah. Not even be able to throw it up. You don't think he'd be able to throw one up when you're No, I just hound him. Yeah. I could score on you. I think. I think I could if you, if you had 48 hours. Yeah. 48 hours. But I'm, I would trick you, You would have to, no, you'd have to check the ball up every time though.

(2h 4m 2s):
You can't just go throw it in the basket. It has to be some type of ball. Yeah. Check ball up, check ball, check Ball at the top, top. I would just, I would start to dribble and just throw it behind my, my head and then hope that you didn't see me about to shoot it. And one of those is gonna go in one of them. Yeah. No, you probably swat that in the fourth row. It'd be a bad time. Last Duke question, are you in the brotherhood? Yeah. Okay. What do you have to do to be in the brotherhood? Like, what do you have to say? Do you, do you have meetings and stuff? What goes on? It's, it's, it's, it can't it's, it can't be explained man. Yeah. You gotta be there to be a part of it. Does, Does it When you are part of the brotherhood, does anyone ever bring up the name Pete Godette? No. Okay. All right. Yeah, I figured that that's the guy that when Coach K faked an injury.

(2h 4m 45s):
'cause he had a bad team and he made Pete Godette take all his losses that season. Well don don't even know. Yeah, I know. I'll tell you, I'll tell you all about Don after. Yeah. They don't let Pete around Practice much anymore. What about jj? Is he still in the brotherhood? Jj? A hundred percent. You know the coach? He came, he came to a few games when I was there with his, with his sons. Yeah. Do you Guys have a group chat? Do we have a group chat? Yeah. Oh yeah. Is there a brotherhood group chat? No. Okay. No, I mean, I have a group, we have a group chat with my, with my team, with Your guys. My current, My team 20, the 22 team. Yeah. Yeah. Does it, I mean, when you get to the NBA, do people still care where you went to college? Do they still talk shit or no? Yeah. I mean, whenever I go to Charlotte, it's always funny 'cause I got a bunch of people in there who are Duke and they're all loving, showing love.

(2h 5m 31s):
And then there's always some UNC fans who giving me shit about losing. Yeah. So whenever I go to Charlotte, I'm, I'm hearing that. And then yeah. Different, different places. There'll be a Duke fan or, or sometimes someone let me know, Hey, you guys lost to Carolina? Like, I get that all the time still. Yeah, For sure. Even when you're sitting doing a podcast. Exactly. One thing I love about the magic is just their, their throwback uniforms You ever push to be like, Hey, can we, can we wear the penny uniforms more? Yeah. I Was sick. They're the best. I was sick that they took 'em away this year. Yeah. Those, those was like, that Jersey is a staple, I think just Yeah, with the magic and obviously the old school, new school vibe. Like I wish we could have kept wearing those. Yeah, They gotta bring that back. When you, when you moved to Orlando, were you blown away by the majesty of the city?

(2h 6m 16s):
I was, I was like, yeah, that, that messed me up a little bit. I'm not gonna lie, I hadn't been to Orlando before, so I, I'm from Seattle, so in my head I just thought Orlando's where Disney World is Orlando Magic. Like, Orlando's gotta be a big city. And so when I got there, never been. And I was like, wow, this is super small. Yeah. Like way smaller than Seattle. And so it was like weird at first, but now I'm like, I love it there now. Like it's paradise. Yeah. It's always sunny. Yeah. Chill. It's like nice little dinner spots and stuff. Like medieval times. Yeah. Not too much going on. Yeah. Yeah. What you mean? They got a great medieval times there. Have you, have you been to the chilies in the airport?

(2h 6m 57s):
No. You Haven't? No. I, I ain't going lie, the airport is, the airport is rough though. Well, Not the chilies. Chili's is great. You're Getting rid of the chilies Though. Yeah. There's an escalator goes up to it. Oh, stairway to heaven. I don't like eating in airports though, so Nah. Go to that chilies. Change your mind. You kind of breeze by the medieval time. You've never been to medieval times. No. You gotta tell, you gotta tell me about that. Oh, it's dinner. And you also get to watch a bunch of nights like joust each other and fight each other with swords and shit. Yeah. Really? Yeah. It's a great, great time. Maybe, maybe we should do a team dinner there or something. Yes, That would rock. Yeah. Yes. That would be awesome. If you do a team dinner at medieval times. You guys are definitely winning the NBA Cup. I can guarantee you that. That's team chemistry. Yeah, that's like at the end they're like, how'd you guys do it?

(2h 7m 39s):
It's like, well, we actually went to medieval times. Me, I Did like three months ago, And. it was awesome. Yeah, no, I do, I did find a couple weaknesses in your game. Oh, I know you said that you're delusional and that there's no weaknesses in your game, but I got a couple. One is you currently lead the league in interceptions this year? Mm. What you mean? Oh, That was a Patrick Mahomes question. Oh Yeah. About that. That was, that was a weird moment, wasn't it? Yeah, That was, yeah, that was like a, that was like, that like introduced me to the world in a way. It was weird. It was so weird, man. Like it was, it was crazy because I'm on the track, right. And at the time, I'm not even in the NBA yet, So it's the F1 race in my b Yeah.

(2h 8m 20s):
It's one race. And so I'm on the track and I'm just taking it all in. I never, I actually love, I used to love nascar, so I always loved cars racing and stuff. So the F1 thing was dope to be there. And I just remember walking bro, and I just kept hearing Patrick, Patrick, Patrick. And I'm like, man, no. I wonder who Patrick is. Like whoever is Patrick is, someone needs to get Patrick. And then like I hear Patrick and someone hits me on the back and I'm like, what? And I look and it's like this camera in this, in the Martin Brundle And. it is the camera's in my face. And I'm like, wait, huh? And so I'm not even realizing that this is like a world broadcasted, you know, interview.

(2h 9m 2s):
I'm thinking this is like local channel or don don't know what it is. I've never been F1. So I'm like, you know, I'm lost. And he's like, Patrick, you know, what is, what is it about being here? And so I just answer his question and I think he kind of realized like in the middle of the interview that I wasn't who he, who I thought or who, who he thought I was. And so like, it was like a 45 second interview and he walked off, I walked off and then like right after that, like my phone just started going nuts. That's So funny. Everyone started blowing me like, yo, yo, you was just on TV, bro. He just thought you were Patrick Mahomes. He just chased you. He just chased you for like a minute, you know? And thought you were Patrick Mahomes.

(2h 9m 42s):
And so that was like the running joke. And then the next year IF one I actually, you know, hung out with Pat Mahomes a little bit, so we Oh, That's perfect. We moved up. It was cool. Yeah, That's perfect. Alright, well Paolo, this has been awesome. I got one last question for you. It's rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts rollback.com. So rookie of the Rookie of the year. Allstar, do we want to say that you're gonna win an MVP at some point? Be the first to report it. Could we be the first to report that Powell Ban Caro's gonna win the MVP one year? Yeah, I, I definitely think that. Okay. There it's for sure exclusive. Yes. Exclusive to we got the exclusive inside Scoop Powell. Ban Carro MVP at some point.

(2h 10m 23s):
I can't tell you you Secret Big Cat I think it might be this year. Yeah. You thinking that you might still be in the zone? Listen, It's not impossible. It's, it's, It can happen. It's only game four, but I, I don't put anything past myself. Yeah. If the season ended today, would you be MVP? I think you would. I think you would. Four games. Yeah. Be Fucked up season. Yeah, that would be a crazy Season. It'd be a crazy season. Yeah. Well, we're gonna root for you now. I put the Duke aside. Yeah, we're gonna be Paolo guys through and through. So we got your back. You just have to come on anytime you're in Chicago. Word done. We're gonna join and, and it's perfect because you obviously, I think you went on S'S podcast, he's kind of borderline like obsessed with you in a weird way.

(2h 11m 3s):
Who Ryan Racc Did I probably, I did. I Is he is he a magic? No, he's Ryan Il. He's lives out in the, he lives out in LA The Ringer. He's the Ryan Illa Guy. Shaved head. Yeah. Strong guy About, but, but I've been on his show. Yeah, You've been on his show. He like, have I been on his show? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. You've been on his show. He, he would like die for you. He, he, he's a Apollo rider. Dope. And so now we're going just go onto his block and we're gonna take it over. So we'll be with him. But we're gonna, we're gonna say we were there first. Okay. Yeah, We got you back. We got you back. We'll, we'll beat the fuck outta Yeah. We don't want him to get his stink on you.

(2h 11m 43s):
Yeah, no, He, I he he loves You. He gets obsessed with guys Sometimes and he's one of your guys. That's what's up. So it's good to have like media people, there's a couple media people who have, have your back, I would assume. Yeah. I mean, yeah. You guys are the ones that reach everybody. You know, you get people listening to what you guys say, man. Yeah, I'm willing. It's just scary. That's a scary thing to think about. I'm already willing to go to war for you. Do you have any enemies out there? None that you gotta take care of, man. Alright. You let us know. Yeah, Yeah. If it pops up, let us know. No, I will. Yeah, I Will. Because I don't, I mean, I'll show you later what I, I made a little card for all my Coach K slander facts and I was handing 'em out New Orleans so I can get to work for you. You give me the name, You know what?

(2h 12m 23s):
Did you make a video doing That? Yeah, I was just handing him out. I think I saw that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All those. That's crazy. I was handing it to like, like old ladies and they were just like, whoa. I didn't know Coach K Pete got debt. I didn't know that he did this. Yeah, it was, I was opening Mines We're probably the best assholes that you can have in your corner on mine. I've believe a horse off Twitter one time. Yeah. Kentucky Fat Ass Quit Kentucky Derby. Nyquist Nyquist that winner. Yeah. That Fat Bitch won the Kentucky Derby, then he got fatten outta shape and did load management. Yeah. And didn't even compete in is the Preakness he bowed out of? Yeah. Wow. So he got Him off. He didn't have that dog out. Shit gave shit. And then he he logged off line. Yeah. Gone. So yeah, if you need anybody to log off, you let Us know all.

(2h 13m 3s):
We're on it. We're on it. That's what y'all do. I got it. Well, Paolo, thanks so much, man. We really appreciate you coming by. And anytime you're in, in Chicago, we'd love to have you on. So again, so you're a recurring guest, you actually have to legally That's, that's the deal. Yeah. No, once you come on, once you legally have to come on every time. Well, I actually enjoyed this man, so, Oh, okay. There we go. We can, I love that. We, we can rock with this. Yeah. If like Illa ask you in the future, like, you've been on part of my take, you gotta say Yeah, I know those guys. I Love those. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I definitely, definitely were, I mean this is like a whole thing right here. So And, we don't really ask normal questions, I would say for the most part because we're stupid. So that's how this one goes. That's how the, these interviews go. Very dumb. Yeah.

(2h 13m 43s):
But. yeah. Thank you so much, man, sir. Appreciate it. Appreciate you guys, man. Thank you. Paolo is brought to you by SimpliSafe. If you're like me, the safety of your home and loved ones isn't just a priority, it's your everything. The problem is, old school home security systems only take action once someone is already inside your home. SimpliSafe Home security is changing that with its new active guard outdoor protection. It's the only home security that's designed to prevent crimes before they happen with Active Guard. Simply saves 24 7 monitoring agents. Keep a close watch over your property and they actually stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to tell the difference between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home.

(2h 14m 27s):
These agents can talk directly to the intruder sound, a loud siren, flashlights, and even alert the police while other systems only react after a break in. SimpliSafe combines live monitoring and proactive protection both outside and inside your home. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/pmt. That's simplisafe.com/pmt. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Okay, let's finish up. We got FAQs. Hank? Yeah, Hank, I still agree with.

(2h 15m 9s):
I don't know if this is a, there's a follow up. Hey PMT team. My notice Whenever an interviewee says, great question, whoever didn't ask Echoes that statement cracks me up every time. I was curious why slash when you started doing that. Just Boosting your boys up. I don't know. Yeah, we're just, listen, we're just a team here. It's Great question. That's a good question. Yeah, just boost, just, just lifting up our brothers. It's a hard game out here, Don. Don't know what, what the first great question was. Hmm? That we should go back and try to find that out. Yeah. The origin of the Great question. What came first? Great question. Chicken Or the egg? Great Question. Great question. The chicken. Great question. What's up boys? You guys have been all over for various sporting events. What is your favorite city to go to for a big sporting event?

(2h 15m 51s):
New Orleans. New Orleans. New Orleans is up there. I always throw Indy in there. I mean the Vegas Super Bowl was incredible. It was fun. I, I would like to do, Vegas should have the Super Bowl every year. Yeah. Vegas should have the Super Bowl every year. Vegas is good to go to when they have like just any good big sporting event. 'cause it gives you an excuse just to be in Vegas. It's the perfect they, because you know you're gonna have a ton of hotel rooms. You know you're gonna have fun. It's the perfect Tons of food. Nightlife, clubs like that. Vegas Super Bowl. We did a bunch of interviews. We went to Casino. Yep. Went to the club. The sphere went to dinner. The sphere, they have it all. The face. F1 is there. FF one. Yep. End of the month. Yep.

(2h 16m 31s):
That and guess what? It will rock because that's what Vegas does. It's the, I think Vegas might be back. Did it ever leave? I think it left for a little bit and now it's all the way back. I miss the tunnel of chaos. Yeah. Yeah. The tunnel of chaos. I do too. Pretty good. Oh, They should name, I wonder if the F1 track has a tunnel in any of 'em making name of the tunnel. Chaos. Just go through money. Yeah. Dana White's just on top of a bridge throwing buckets of cash on the drivers. Yeah, They, the race is going through the strip. Oh, And. it might be a championship race. Hell yeah. The season's. Season's coming to an end. So that might be the deciding race. If you're in Vegas, you could see, you know, either, what is it the Daniel Ricardo Constructors Championship?

(2h 17m 12s):
Yeah. Or the individual championship. Yeah. Daniel Ricardo also retired. You never know He could Be there. You never know. It said Brett fart. Danny Rick Lando. He's back. It's Orlando's year. Yeah. Question. Not for PFT but about PFT. Oh God. Oh. Has the glimmer of possible competence through eight weeks for the commanders turn. PFT into a completely delusional football fan. Yes. Let's look at the Wind Giant's ass Bengal's Ass Cardinal's ass. But Frisky Browns with a Sean ass Panther's mega ass Bear's Loser franchise. Are the commanders good or just an easy schedule? Mm, It's not for me. I can't answer this. I can, yes. I think they're good.

(2h 17m 53s):
You can answer it. Well The question was, has this commander's team turned PFT into a completely delusional football fan? Guess what? The commanders also, the rest of their schedules got a lot of ass on it too. There's a lot of ass in the NFL right now. Yeah. They have the Giants, the Steelers, those are tough. GA or the Steelers will be a tough game. Eagles tough game. Then they play the Cowboys, Titans, saints. I mean they, I see, I see the, and then they finish with the Eagles, Falcons Cowboys. I see a bare minimum. Another four wins. Easy. Don't say bare minimum. Okay. I, I don't think I'm delusional.

(2h 18m 34s):
I know the question's not for me. I don't think I'm delusional. I just think that, I know that you have a guy when you got a guy and I think that we got a guy and I think that the sky, that's why I said I'm not saying Super Bowl this season. I'm saying we could win a playoff game this season. But I don't think we're a Super Bowl team. I think that the Super Bowl window is open. 'cause we have a guy and he's the guy and he's on his rookie contract. And we've got one of the don don't know if we have the most cap space, but definitely top five cap Space. I think you guys Yeah. Are pretty In the nfl one or Two And yeah. And then we're gonna get a new stadium in the next like four years. So yeah, I think, I don't think it's delusional to say that I am, I'm existing inside of a Super Bowl window right now.

(2h 19m 15s):
Yeah, you're inside. You are inside a super, I haven't jumped out yet next year, but the window. But the window based on plans next year. But we should operate as if the window is open. Operate under the window being open. The Window's cracked right now and I'm, I'm thinking about opening it up. There's a nice draft that's coming through. SUP Boys? Not an FAQ, but I am a disgruntled Giants fan. Reliving the same torture season over and over again. Was thinking about this today as now the Jets collapse as official too. Do you think if the Jets and Giants combined rosters, they would win the Super Bowl? I like to think yes, but these franchises are so cursed. I don't know anymore. Whose helmets do they wear? Giants Probably.

(2h 19m 56s):
Yeah, maybe. Hmm. Who's the quarterback? Rogers. Okay. Who's the coach? Table? Rogers Table. I, I mean Dexter Lawrence on that defensive line would stop a lot of those run problems. Malik neighbors. Yeah. Finally Get the Jetson help at wide receiver. I think they could, yeah. They'd go to the A ffc. Well they'd go to the A FC and NFC championship game. I guess they could do, I mean add Notre Dame in there. 'cause Notre Dame has more touchdowns than the Jets and Giants in MetLife Stadium this year. I don Dunno if you guys saw that stat. I did not see That insult stack going around. Did you see that memes? Did you see that stat memes? I've seen it. Yeah. We haven't played many home Games. Yeah.

(2h 20m 37s):
I think it was seven for Notre Dame. I think it was five for the Jets. Oh yeah. Jets have five and Giants have one. I think two. Two. Who Owns the team in this scenario? Mr. Mera or Mr. Johnson? Mr. Has to be, Mr. Mera has To be Mr. Mr. Johnson can't own this team. Yeah, I think you got Belichick to coach. They'd be pretty good. They'd be pretty good. You'd coach For half the game. Yeah, they'd be pretty good. Alright, last anyone? Last one. If the Bears or Commanders don't win a Super Bowl until after y'all have retired from the show, will we get a one night only live reaction pod? Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll Do it. Guaranteed. Guaranteed. I'll do it. Yeah. There should be a window though. Actually no, no one.

(2h 21m 17s):
No, no. We No. 80 years old. Yeah, 80 years old. Y We'll do it. We'll do it. Yes. Just put one up. That'd be fun. What about if we lose a Super Bowl? I think we should do that too. Yes. Also that also That, yeah. There there'll be a postmortem If the, if the, if the Bears or commanders are in the Super Bowl, you'll get a podcast no matter how old we are. That's fair. But you have To say, you have to stay subscribed to part of my take. Yeah, you never unsubscribe. Just pop it up A ghost podcast. Yeah. It's like, oh, I thought these guys were dead. Memes is saying something. What are you saying? Memes? We, we need people to start subscribing again. There's a new tab on Apple podcast that's like most subscribed shows And. We're not in the top 100. Oh, Okay. So let's subscribe. We Need, we need Everybody to s subscribe, Please.

(2h 21m 57s):
I'll you what? Subscribe. Let's bring back roast for a little bit. Yeah. How about That? Next week s will be roast Subscribe. Leave a five star roast on the podcast. Yep. Or a five star rating on the podcast. And the comment for it. Just roast the fuck out of us. Yep. And. we will read The Funniest Roast. Yeah. Love that. Love that. Okay, good. Show boys. Alright. Today's lottery ball segment's brought to you by Jack Pockett, America's number one lottery app. Order Mega Millions, Powerball, and other official state lottery games on your phone with Jack Pockett new customers get a free ticket using code PMT. That's code PMT Download, the Jack Pockett lottery app. Today. It's super easy and you could maybe win some Mega Millions or Powerball with Jack Pockett.

(2h 22m 37s):
It's an app on your phone and you can get their free ticket using code PMT. All right. Numbers, you can get five. I got two. Three. You technically said five before. I said numbers. So wait, anyone would like five? They can take five. Would anyone like five? Five oh s max? I knew. Do that three. I know you want five. 17. I'll take one. 9, 9 4. Hank, what do you got? 19, 21, 90. Oh, that would've been great if it was five.

(2h 23m 18s):
See you guys. Love you guys.