
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have our good friend Pat Bev, Patrick Beverly in studio, talking some ball with him. He's back from Israel for 10 days. Little break in the action. Talk some ball with him. Talk Joel, maybe Trouble in Paradise in, in Philadelphia. We got Hot Seat, cool Throne College football rankings. We have two weeks. And then conference championship week left in the season. We're getting down to it.


Big time debates going on. We're gonna talk Monday Night Football. The Cowboys are dead. And then we have, pardon your take with some really good ones.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings, the N NBA's. Finally back, here's a way to get even more into the action following your favorite players playing. Pick six from DraftKings, an official partner of the NBA. It's super simple to get started. First, download the DraftKings Pick six app, then select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat, like points, rebounds, three pointers and more. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including California, Texas, Georgia, Missouri, and more. And for all, first time, pick six players. Check this out. New customers play $5. Get $50 in, pick six credits. Hoop it up all season long with the newest, most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings. Pick six app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 and get $50 in. Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction void. Were prohibited When for new customer non withdrawal, pick six credits expire in six months. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


It's Okay. Let's go. Football guy. K. My my, yeah, my part of my Pardon, My Take.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Hoop it up all season with the newest, most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app. Now. Use code. Take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 and get $50 in. Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, November 20th, and the Dallas Cowboys are deader than dead. It was already dead, but now it's really, really dead. And they're pathetic and they shouldn't be on tv, but, oh wait, we still have them on Monday Night Football that they can't flex because there's a Simpsons broadcast. And also because it's the Cowboys. I, I think that's a convenient excuse. 'cause I don't think that they would ever flex the Cowboys, because what you could get with any Dallas game is exactly what you got last night, which is chaos. The building falling apart in Dallas before the game. And it's still got 17 million viewers. These Cowboys. Yeah. Well, it's, I mean, that's Monday night football too. Yeah, it's, but also primetime games.


Monday night football. Sunday night football. I'm good with not having to watch the Cowboys anymore. Oh, they're really bad. Listen, they're not even fun. Bad. I, I Am too. But guess what? People in general are gonna watch the Dallas Cowboys if they're on Prime time. That's the thing about them. And it sucks. But the, the Simpsons broadcast, that'll be fun to see the team just completely implode as I, I hope that Mike McCarthy is either Chief Wigga, that'd be the perfect fit as Chief Wigga or maybe just Smithers on the sideline. And Mr. Burns needs to be Jerry Jones. I mean, I'm gonna have to watch that, that broadcast, because it's gonna suck having to watch the Cowboys again. It's just not, it's not fun. Cooper Rush not fun. Why aren't, why don't they start Trey Lance? He's probably not good, but It's, he's not Cooper Rush.


Right. But he's probably not good, But why not at this point? I Think you, I think you gotta be at least like there's a level of competency that maybe he hasn't achieved, I guess. But I mean, you traded a draft pick for him. Yeah. What was it like a seventh rounder? No, I think it was higher than that. Was it? Yeah. I mean, I, that was stupid. I don't think that's that uncommon of a take to say that they should just try to start trade Lance for Yeah, I'm sure they will at some point. It was a fourth rounder. And I'm, I'm sure they will at some point. I just, I would assume he's, there's gotta be a reason he is not playing. You know what, the saddest part, like, I think they will now, maybe because he's, they're so bad and it's over. But I think they, this was the last moment where they're like, Hey, maybe we'll win a game and, and change it around. It's just, it's not there.


You know What the saddest part to me is watching Cooper Rush play quarterback for this team when he does the, here we go. Yeah. That Dak does. The dak He needs to come up with his own cadence. Yeah. Don't just try to do like a cover of Dak Prescott's already annoying. Here we go. It's very, very bad. Yeah. The Cowboys are very, very bad. Jerry's very, very bad. He's, I feel like the, the fans have fully turned on him. He's like in late stage, like dementia, like weird. Like he's, you know, he's given these press conferences after. He's like, I've been here for bad teams And we, you know, bad years happens. It's like, yeah, we get it, but this team sucks. And you had no contingent. And they're getting Hi. It's getting hidden by the fact that Dak Prescott got hurt. They sucked before That.


Oh, well before. Yeah. Yeah. Their defense stinks. This isn't just that Dak Prescott got hurt Our year went to shit. It was bad before That. Yeah, it was already bad. You're, you're running back. You play at the running back position from week one was awful. Yeah. They just, yeah. The bad team and the Texans get a little Right. Get a little mojo going. Right. With just never trailing in that game. Just whooping up on him. That's gotta feel good. That first play should have counted. Yeah. I know. It was such a good first play too. But It also was just classic for Laramie Tunsil. They probably practiced that play all week and then he was like, he just didn't do it. Right. Yeah. It's the king of penalties. But yeah, the Texans like, I don't, I don't really know where I, I think the Texans are still in that second tier in the A FC where they could maybe win a playoff game.


I just don't know. I I feel like they're just don't have enough against a Bill's. Ravens Steelers chiefs. So Last Chargers, Chargers, chargers. You like what you just described is the Chargers Second tier? No. Yes, I was. You didn't let me finish. Thanks for waking up, Hank. You didn't let me finish. I was gonna say Chargers. The Hank might put a clock at night. Hank was saying a couple ago, he might put a juicy little future on the Chargers. That'd be a sharp pattern. He was just trolling me. That'd Be a sharp Bet by third. You're gonna be so mad if the Chargers win a playoff game. No. Yeah, you will. No. Yeah, you will. You'll get a little bit upset. No, Zero fear. Yeah. Okay. So if, if you're the Cowboys, one thing I didn't understand last night, your season's over. Right? You don't, you're not gonna, you're not gonna win anything. You've long since given up on that.


Why not just let Brandon Aubrey have that 64 yard field Hole? He dude, he like barely even kicked it. It Looked like a practice kick. It was nuts. It was, I understand the, the idea that, okay, they called a penalty, which by the way No, no, no. Never take points off the board. Never Take points off the board. Yeah. You learned that a long time ago. Yeah. Coach. No, you don't wanna take three points. You never know what could happen. Yeah, but you got your drive extended, so you're trying to score a touchdown. Yeah. But as a Bears fan, did that piss you off that they called a slap to the head, which hasn't been called in decades. No. Listen, Matt Relu already, And they didn't Call, He already over the center's face. He sent it into the league. I'm sure we'll fix everything. I don't like you, Hank. I'm stuck on the charger stink. By the way, you just Named five a FC teams and you didn't get the charges. But hold on. And you, the way you described the, the Texas I wanna playback.


I wanna playback. Perfect. It was the perfect description of the charger. Where, what was the original? They might win a playoff game. Hold on. They're not beating the chief Bills. Hold On. What was the, what was The original bet though? I said that. Now I obviously believe in them fully, but the original bet that we all put in together was, I don't think the charger are gonna win the Super Bowl, but they are at 45 to one insane odds. 'cause they're a playoff team and they could play, they could basically beat anyone in a one game elimination set. And then I've been telling you like, you're gonna cash out. Right. Cash out. Alright, so then we agree out, agree to disagree. Like No, Jay Billis. No Jay Billis. Agree to disagree. Disingenuous. You're Disagreeing with yourself. No, you're just being, you're ous disagreeing with your past self. That's true. But that happens All the time. And you're taking out on me.


No, I feel like You're arguing with a ghost right now. You are arguing with someone that I'm arguing that doesn't Exist anymore. Big Cat. Correct. Logic. That was old Big Cat. Cat. Incorrect logic is arguing with his logic. I'm arguing, I'm Taking out on you because I feel Like, I feel like The chargers are basically the only thing you care about now. No, because you were Trolling me before and like, I think it's giving you life. So actually you Should thank Well, no, we talked about it. We did talk about it on the show. It's like when you cash out a future, you're not gonna root for it. Yeah. You're rooting against. But You should thank me for giving you life. You have purpose. I mean's you have purpose. This Is an abusive relationship. Right here. Front, front row. Tickets to gaslighting. Well, he, he reversed gas lit me? No. There we go. Yeah, yeah.


Let's Keep going. Me reverse Lighting. Gaslighting you is just you saying things that you said previously. Sorry. You know what? I wanna talk to Max and Max only. Sorry. That I came up with a bet that all the boys could ride on And we could have fun and root for it together. And then half of the boys cashed out. Sorry. Sorry. I was rooting for that. I I'm still in. But I thank you Max. I I thought it would be fun. No, no. You didn't let him play the butt. Oh, no, no. My butt was gonna be the before the show. We were all silent then Hank just whispers into the mic. He goes, charges are pretty good. Fe Yeah. See, he's trolling me. Yes. That's one Was talking. And Hank just was Like, he's trolling me. I think the charger, can you at least admit that PFTI know you're taking Hank side, but he is trolling me.


Oh Yeah. No shit. Yeah. He's, I, he is, but I can't doing someone who's trolling me. Sorry. That I, I did something that we all could do together. And then ev like, listen, I know I got Max. Max always had my back. Everyone else just bailed on me. Listen, I I have not had a good gambling season and responsibly I cashed out of it. Jerry got way madder than you about the cash. Jerry approached me one-on-one, pulled me aside and had a sit down with me about why I would cash out on his Steelers. And I didn't have a good answer for him. No, I'm not mad. I just liked, it was fun to do it as a, a crew Steelers. It was fun to do it as a crew. Travis Hunter's been fun for us. It was fun to do it as a crew. And then I found out just, we don't do it as a crew.


I like friendship. But you, You cash outta Travis Hunter too? No. No. No. Okay. Absolutely not. I'm, I'm diving heads because they can't, they literally won't give it one. If there was, they would've, I I'd be lying if I said I didn't check DraftKings three times a day to see if they've given me an option to cash out on Travis Hunter or an option. The two Of us to Draft out to cash out on Lamar Jackson. Max two of us. We'll do friend bets together. Okay. Love it. We'll ride. Love it. We'll ride. Can he cash out or no? Yeah. If we, if we talk about it. We did say if he, if he says, Hey, remember how we talked about this, I'm gonna cash out. And I'd be like, yeah, you guys cash out for a loss. The whole point was to cash out for a win. I don't know if I did. Yes you did. You 100% did. There's no chance. No chance.


No chance Gonna take. So cowboys, Texans, the TI don't Even care about this game. I mean, that game sucked. What are we even pretending about It? I just wanna say that the Texans, you, you said that they, they're in that second tier with the Chargers and No Chargers in the first tier. No charger in the first tier. Yeah. I think that the Texans are exactly the same type of team that they were last year. The difference is that CJ Strouds in the second season, I think everybody expected them to be in that top tier of the A FC. Yeah. And because they're just a very good team. We're like kind of silently disappointed in them. Well, their offensive line is not great. And they've obviously had some injuries. It's good that Nico's back because he's awesome. I yeah, I, I think, yeah, I I do think that we just expected CJ Shroud to go into Infinity.


Like, oh, that was his rookie year. He'll just be the best quarterback of all time. Yeah. He's, he, we expected him to be better than Patrick Mahomes in the second Season. He's just what he is. Which is a Good quarterback. Yeah. I think he's a very good Quarterback. He's had an up and down year. Yeah. There's been some not great Games. They haven't really blown any, have they blown anybody out? I, I just remember the Texans being, I mean, last night Yeah. Being in a, a shitload of close games. Especially against teams that they should have blown out. No, they have not really blown anyone out. No. They had, oh, they, they blew out the Patriots. 41. 21. Alright. What did you Just do? Hang, you're right. It was for a loss. Yeah. Yeah. The whole point was to do it for a Win. I got even money Max. No investment, no chance. Sure.


Yeah. I'm pretty sure I I'll look it up. Highly doubt that. I'm Pretty sure it's the same exact odds though. If I didn't give you, and I will talk. We'll have a strategy. The two of us just boys I pro, I'm not cashing out. No. But if we do, I show little money into it. We'll do it together. We'll do it together. We'll turn the key together. Yep. Yep. It'll be a great experience. I, I don't wanna look through this sea of red and losses. I'm pretty sure you Probably, so here's what I'll guarantee. It was the exact same cash out that they offered me Right when I put the bet in. So that's, that's minus 10%. That's minus money. Minus 10%. Yeah. Yeah. Good investment. Okay. So other things clean up from Sunday. I wanted to point out this stat from our friend Ben Baby.


This one's crazy. Through the first 11 games on the four and seven Bengals, Joe Burrow has 3028 passing yards, 27 touchdowns and five interceptions players to achieve 3000 passing yards, 27 touchdowns and five or fewer interceptions through the first 11 games. Here they are Tom Brady, 2007 and 2015. His teams were 16 and oh and 13 and three. Aaron Rogers 2011. 2020. His teams were 15 and one, 13 and three. Patrick Mahome 20, 20 14 and two Drew Brees. 20 18, 13 and three. This entire exercise is just to prove that Joe Burrows having an insane season and the rest of his team has let him down.


Yeah, it sucks. It sucks. That's every single, I mean, the lowest amount of wins was 13 and three of that list I just said. And he's in a list with Tom Brady, Aaron Rogers, Patrick Mahomes, and Drew Brees and their four and seven. We should start talking more about Joe Burrow being the MVP. All right. You're trolling me too. Now. I mean, if they go on a little run. Yeah. I just gotta live to get trolled. Hank Hank, you've seen these stats from Joe Burrow. I Have. And if he finishes, no, if he finishes first in the league. Listen, Biggest crime by the way, first in the league being early to all of these takes that, that actually have value First in the league Chargers.


Travis Hunter, Joe bro. MVP. Who told you about all three of those a month and a half ago? Smart guy. That's my crime. That is my crime. I mean, he has MVP numbers. What do you want me to say? He is Having outstanding season. Sorry. I know Ball. If they make the Playoffs, he would be in the conversation. No, probably not. Because he is like the sixth seed now. And I also, I mean that was, yeah, but if he made the playoffs, It'd be so impressive that I he should be, I we, we discount the MVP conversation. Just becomes the team, the quarterback of the team on the one seat. That sucks. But I Think if his stats were all one and they somehow went on a run Yes. To make the playoffs. Yeah. It would be different.


I, I agree. If he goes on like a meet, like They run the table, Dar if they run the table and like finally sneak in and he has like insane numbers, he would definitely win. I'd feel vindicated Did Are you still in on that? Yeah. What's the number you got there? 15. It's 20 now. Okay. So I might get in, I might get in, I might get, Get right out. I might, I might do a parlay. See, Fucking you guys, you're, You're and a half. I'm done. I'm done saying my takes that actually end up being good, that have value. I think one on Now makes a lot of sense. What? Hell Fuck you. You guys are welcome for telling you about Travis Hunter. Okay. I had had that conversation with Brandon Walker that day.


That's why I thank you for bringing it up. 'cause I was gonna bring it up on this very show. And tr Brandon tried to talk me outta Travis Hunter. He's been a Travis Hunter hater I know. For the whole year. I Know. Okay, so let's start talking about what dumb Ass. I got that one straight from you. Brandon Walker Is Fuck you. Hank. I, Okay. Alright. Now I won't that whatever. I, you know what? I'm gonna keep my takes to myself. Whatever, Whatever. Whatever. I'm just gonna tweet 'em out. I was paying you a Compliment. I I I can't trust anything you say Now That's not nice. I can't, I feel like I'm Max right now. I'm Being honest. My opinions, max, the charges are Super Bowl Greatest honesty. Is that a crime apparently? Honesty Max. He's never honest. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that.


I appreciate that Max. I love this. Everything he does on that, everything he does on that couch is A troll. He's stroll. I speak facts. What if I please like, point to me a fact that I've said that's been false When, when you Sat down on that couch before we're recording, you were just like, I think Chargers, charger's future's a good bet. We should build a little bridge that goes above Hank's head on that wall behind there. Little troll guy. Troll trolls live here. Yeah. Don't feed the troll. I do love the new partnership though, that Max and Big Cat have The Exist bridge. Exist bridge. I just hook Joe Burrow 20 to one by the way. Okay. No, what we should talk about before we talk college football is that guy over there that's just not said a word for the whole show.


He's just watching the chaos. Loving the chaos. Thinking maybe, maybe, maybe they'll forget the fact that the Jets fired their GM in the middle of the season. And this is now just, I mean, even for the Jets, everything that's happened, it's just, there's such a, a dumpster fire memes. Joe Douglas gets fired. Is this the thing that will fix everything? No. 'cause he was, he was pretty much, this was his final season. He had six games Left. Yeah. Yeah. So that made the timing of it makes absolutely no sense. I still don't understand it. They Want to get, jump on him. They Fired their GM six weeks before the season's over. What was he going to be doing in those six weeks?


Well, I think you want to fire hi, fire someone so that you can start your draft prep with someone who's actually gonna be there to draft him, I guess. Yeah. But I mean, they're scouting right now. A bunch of reports came out that he pretty much wasn't the GM for the past nine months. Oh, who Was, It was Woody Johnson. He just, he went, he took, he took full control of the team. Okay. So that's Awesome. Memes. I don't know if you had a chance to see this report just came out like five minutes before we started taping. That Woody Johnson tried to bench Aaron Rogers after the Broncos game and that Joe Douglas talked him out of it. Who reported that? Let me look it up. It was on the Athletic. I mean, I I believe you that so funny because apparently Funny, Apparently there's a bunch of reports coming out that It's Diana Rossini and Zach Rosenblatt.


Oh, that's a half a Rossini Jet's owner. Woody Johnson suggested benching Aaron Rods in September per sources sources. And apparently Douglas talked him out of it and all the other, so after that game, Woody Johnson summoned every coach to the office to explain to him what went wrong. Like defense coordinator, head coach, offense coordinator, whatever it is. Nathaniel Hackett does. He was in the room too. Joe Douglas was there and they asked, he asked them to explain themselves and then he said, well what about benching Aaron Rogers right now? And they said, are you serious? They asked him if he was serious and he was. I I kind of believe it. Yeah. 'cause everything that's coming out. Yeah. I mean, this guy's just an asshole.


Yeah. Yeah. That's the Jets are just, I mean, is Aaron Rogers just the coach N GM right now? No, he, he's gone too. Foley. Foley. He's gone. Where's he gonna go? Is he the Titan's quarterback? Titans would be a good fit for him. Oh, that would be fun. 'cause he could win the a FFC South. Maybe, maybe, probably not. I think, I think he might walk across to the other locker room. What The Giants, He loves New York. If you look, if you look at which teams need a quarterback. Oh my God, I didn't even think about that. They improve their old line. They have some receivers. Their defensive line is good. He doesn't Have to Move. Doesn't have to move. He loves New York and Then somebody else throughout the Panthers.


But he wouldn't go to the band. No way. No. That's beneath him. Yeah. Wait, the Giants. The Giants. That's intriguing. I could see. And you know how this is gonna work means, right? Yeah. He'll, he'll be good again. He'll be very good for at least one year. He's gonna go. So if he goes to the Giants, he'll be awesome for a year, then he'll, it'll be over. But he'll have one year just to, 'cause he, he basically will just have a chip on his shoulder. That's really what if you break down what happened with Aaron Rogers? I know everyone goes with the Achilles. And the Achilles obviously ended that season. The biggest reason that Aaron Rogers didn't work in the Jets is because the Achilles took away his chip on his shoulder year. Yeah. The guy is great when he has a chip on his shoulder.


He had it from Green Bay. He got hurt, couldn't play the chip on the shoulder goes away. Now he's got a year where he doesn't have to prove anything. Next year is his chip on his shoulder year for the Jets. If he Wanted a chip on his shoulder, he should have just taken the vax. It's True. Now, if he goes to the Giants, that would be, it would be a troll move too. And I know that he, he loves his next move might just be to piss off whoever his most recent enemy is. And in this case it would be the Jets. I feel like that would piss the jets off the most, right? Yeah, a hundred percent. Yeah. Hmm. So that could happen. That could, that could happen. That could happen. I was just looking at the list of teams and there's not, there's not many suitors people were saying the Vikings, but no, JJ McCarthy's gonna Yeah.


Start when he's healthy. Yeah. It's like whichever team doesn't get Sam Darn. Yeah. Yeah. And then people were saying, jets get Daniel Jones. But What, why, I dunno Was getting thrown around yesterday. That's just, that's just people trying to get to you. Yeah. They were making Photos, shots. That's what people doing. The Mike McCarthy to the Bears. You can't let that get you to you. It's just, It's A bad Situation. Yeah. I walked past, past earlier in the office, a a there was a huddle. Memes was sitting at the table table. It's like he's just, he's perfect. I I'm starting to see through Max's eyes and it just feels good. Okay, go ahead. Yes. Yes. Troy, I, I, I saw Hank he wanted to ask a question this entire Time.


It's my favorite part of they I love, I love what you add to everything. Go ahead. This is in a troll. Okay. This is a report. No, the Yeah, I know what I'm gonna say. Okay. Please report. I can't, I literally can't even speak. So Speak God and I wanna hear your report Giving a report. I wanna hear your report. I like, this is an eyewitness report from you. From me. Okay. My eyes witnessed this and heard Okay. Memes was sitting around a table with the, like, pug, Liam, his Guys, Four other people, his crew. I was like, what are you guys huddling? And everyone's standing around. Memes was sitting down showing all the power. And I was like, what are you guys doing? And, and they said they're fixing the jets.


Yeah. Me bluman. What's, What is the plan? We're fixing the jets. Okay. So go ahead. Is that a Troll? No, that's not a troll. We, we came up with a bunch of different scenarios. Condoleezza Rice was at like one of the crazier scenarios. Okay. One Of the crazier scenarios. Yeah. We went through as many scenarios as you could. Okay. Justin Fields is one of the options. Mm. I would say no, that's not gonna, no, that will not fix you As a, as a bridge quarterback. No. That will not fix you. The best scenario was Mike vr. Coach Kevin Stefan gets fired from the Browns. He becomes the oc. Okay. You bring in Jamis as the bridge. Okay.


And then Super Bowl. Wait, but who's the the new quarterback? There has to be something at the other side of the bridge. He said Jamis. Jamis. But he's the Bridge. But he's the Bridge. No, but the bridge is also a Super Bowl. Oh. It's a super bridge. Last you in a Super Bowl. Super in a Rebuilding year. Okay. Got it. But it's not, it's, it's a rebuilding year, but it's not at the same time. 'cause the roster's still good. We just don't have a quarterback. There's another name that You told me that you want And that's Sam. Darn. Oh Yeah. Sam darn got Sam. Donna got thrown out there too. It was dark. We're in dark times. Me Mees. I think we asked you about that like a week ago. And you puked Memes. But that's just as a bridge. And none of this is gonna happen. 'cause we're just gonna draft someone who's gonna suck Memes. You know?


That's the difference between like American sports fans and European sports fans. European sports fans. If, if they had a Jets doing this to them, they would riot. Yeah. And there would be like stones thrown at cars. They would not, they don't put up with shit over there. No, you're right. We just take it. People just keep buying tickets. Yeah. We keep buying jerseys. We haven't made the playoffs in 14 years. Yeah. Went my entire twenties without seeing the Jets in the playoff. It just, it's it's tough. Yeah. And nothing's gonna change because the owner is still the same. Yep. We Can say Hank. No, that's, that sucks. I didn't think about the twenties. That's What were your twenties? Like Hank, there's A decade to win. It's your twenties, but that's all right. Thirties are fun too.


Thirties are fun too. Are you 30? I'm I'm turning When? March. So you gotta win a playoff game this year. Wait your whole twenties. Whole twenties. I, they jets haven't been in the playoffs since I was a sophomore in high school. Thanks. Stop. Stop it, Hank. Wild Stop it. I hope, I hope, I hope memes that you get to see the playoff one. I truly do. I don't think, I don't think it could ever happen. Yeah. Well You, yeah. You gotta figure out coach two and your, your number one's RAs. Yeah. I mean memes. I've been to the playoffs, but Yeah, I I mean I'm, we're not, we've talked about it. It's the same dis dysfunction happens in both places.


They're a little bit different. 'cause the jets do a, the jet's dysfunction is more all in and then they fall on their face. The bear's dysfunction is more, Hey, let's hope we catch lightning in a bottle every now and then. And then fuck it up. Like you guys actually take a shot. Yeah. Well that you took a shot. That's the one thing about this here. We did. Yeah. You do appreciate the effort of trying to go all in. Correct. Right. But it was just the biggest disaster of all time. Yeah. Man. What are you gonna say? Max Playoffs are overrated. Yeah. Yeah. You just, well Hank's not allowed to say that. No, because losing sucks.


Yeah. Getting to the playoffs, getting your hopes up and then losing is so Much pain. Yeah. But going on a run is so much fun. Yeah. Getting to the playoffs is fun. You guy I, yeah. Yeah. This is a loser talk. Yes. A hundred percent. Hank guilty as charge Hank Playoffs are overrated. There you go. That's okay. Being mediocre. I are bad. I'm, I feel Great. All right. Speaking of Playoffs, should we talk some college football? Should we talk some college football? We have the rankings out the rankings. Let me, I just had 'em in front of me and then they just lost them.


Here they are. It is right now the playoff bracket would be one Seed Oregon, two seed Texas three seed Miami four seed Boise State. 'cause BYU just lost. Then it would be home game for Ohio State against BYU home game for Notre Dame against Alabama. That would be awesome. Home game for Penn State against Georgia And home game for Indiana versus Ole Miss. So we're two weeks, three weeks really because we have the conference championships away from the first 12 team playoff bracket. I like how everyone's getting upset.


What are your initial thoughts? PFT? My initial thoughts are it's fun to be mad about a hypothetical list that will ultimately look much different in two weeks. So yeah, get your anger out somehow. It's probably, there's A lot less, It's probably healthy to get some of this anger that's pent up out there is some anger that I guess could be pointed towards. Who would you say would be like the most undeserving higher seat? A lot of people are looking at Ohio State, Indiana because they're about to play this weekend. Yeah. Indiana fans still have a right to be upset. Get, here's what I'll say about Indiana. Get all of your hatred out right now. Enjoy attacking the media for underwriting you. 'cause you don't know what's gonna happen.


There's a good chance you get your ass kicked by Ohio State this weekend. So take this time. Savor every moment of hate that you get to have at the committee for not treating you properly with enough respect. Because, well, I think they're ranked fine right now if You look at it. But I mean, they, they don't have a loss. You play who you play. We talked About. Yeah. But, but this is also, remember this is the rankings for the, the automatic qualifiers are one through four. Yeah. So they're ranked fine. Like, you see what I'm saying? Like Boise is not, Boise's not ranked higher than Indiana right now. They just are the automatic qualifier. No, I know that Indiana, So Indiana's ranked fifth. Yeah. Where else would you rank 'em? I mean, Penn State would be the only gripe you'd have, but like Yeah, I would, I I think Indiana's ranked fi fine right now.


The problem with Indiana is that Greg Sankey made a call to all of media on Monday and had everyone in the media bash them when they have their big game coming up against Ohio State. And that makes no sense to me. Indiana has not played anyone. Indiana's an awesome story. Indiana's an underdog story. I'm rooting for Indiana. Let them at least go play Ohio State before we say Indiana sucks. Like, that was my problem. They have the game to play. They're gonna play the game on Saturday. Let Indiana go play themselves if they get killed. I have no problem if people wanna say that Indiana with one loss shouldn't be in the playoff. Like, I I I really won't if they get killed 'cause they have not played anyone. But I wanna see them play and compete and I think they're gonna hold them.


I think they're gonna do a good job hold staying in this game and maybe winning this game. Yeah. So Indiana this weekend, I want them to win. I'm rooting for Indiana because I'm a fan of chaos. First and foremost when it comes to all this College Football Talk. I'm rooting for the double doomsday scenario where the Big 12 doesn't even get anybody in that would, that is a possibility. It's unlikely. It's very, it's pretty unlikely. But it could happen. I mean, at the start of the season we were saying that there's no chance that a group of five gets a buy in the playoff. Yeah. But that's become a possibility. Yes. Now we're realizing that the double doomsday is also a possibility. I think if you're an SEC team, if you're, if you end up with two losses and you're an SEC team, you really don't have a right to complain about anything Unless you're Georgia Po potentially Georgia.


Georgia played a gauntlet schedule Potentially Georgia Now Joe, I understand that now. I think Georgia might, they might be the best team in the country. Right. And they played, they they did. They played ke Clemson non-conference. They had to play all their tough games on the road. I George is the only one. But like the big thing is, my big takeaway from this entire week is everyone again, I think there was a coordinated hit against Indiana, which makes no sense to me because this is the last time they can say strength of schedule. Their strength of schedule is about to get a lot better because they're gonna play Ohio State this weekend in Columbus. Let 'em play on the field before we say they shouldn't be in. If they get smoked on Saturday, then I'm fine. They shouldn't be in. But let 'em actually play. And like when, since when did we not like these underdog stories?


Actually, I kind of know the answer to that. It's pretty much the minute the underdog takes the blue bloods away, which is like what happens in all sports. Like we, we root for the underdog and then if the blue blood blood gets squeezed out, we're like, no, we don't want this underdog anymore. Texas and Penn State had been hiding behind their resumes for the entire time and no one's saying anything about that. Texas Is not hiding behind just like a multi-decade resume. Yeah. At this point. 'cause if, if Texas loses i, if they They should Be out then they should be out, right? Yes. A hundred percent A two A two lost Texas team. They Have no big wins. They don't have their best win is what in Michigan? No. Vanderbilt. Vanderbilt. Yeah. Yeah. And and Penn State is the same way. I know Max, you don't like hearing that, but Penn State like, Nah, a hundred Percent.


They're hiding in place. Like the, the, the ire has been at Indiana when it's like, how about Texas and Penn State? I have been saying, we've been talking about this all day in the office. I need Ohio State to beat the shit out of Indiana. Right. 'cause then that problems arise for Penn State I Think is right. If Indiana wins this game or Yeah, because there could be. Yeah. But Texas Penn State will not lose a game probably for Right. I think they have Minnesota. Minnesota This weekend. It is a tough game. That's not yeah, that's not not easy. And then they play, I think finished with Maryland. Texas could easily lose Texas a and m. It is a mess everywhere. I just didn't like the coordinated hit on Indiana. And I do have something very funny to share with you guys. This made me laugh. So Indiana Twitter, shout out to them.


They've been fighting really hard and they've been going after people and I respect it. This guy fifth ranked Indiana edits. I'm just gonna assume he's a stoolie. Maybe not. But anyway, he said, he posted a group chat with his friends that said, we need to get Dan Dockett involved in this SEC fight. Let's bring out the big guns. Gotta find a way to show the SEC is woke. And then Chris de plant wrote, he quote treated Illa and mache talking. He said, Hey Dockage, the West Coast California liberals are trying to steal another election. Handing out a participation trophy to a two loss SEC team is utter woke nonsense.


Do something. And then like five minutes later, my ass quote treated the same tweet and said dudes that were, this is about silla machee dudes that were never in a locker room other than to take a peek, get an autograph, or take a picture. He just like mission accomplished. Got 'em in. Shane played college football. Yeah, he did. He did. Yeah. He was a Quarterback, right? Yeah. Yeah. But it was so funny. They weaponized the talking. That's how You do it. Racc lives in locker rooms. Yeah. They're usually at an Equinox, but he's always in the locker room. Yeah. I just loved it. So shout out Indiana fans fighting the good fight on Twitter. I Also love Joe Galloway. This is like Yes. This is brain rott. Yes. So, so college football has their brain rot and it's reached its peak with Joe Galloway who says that Indiana should consider benching their quarterback Curtis Rourke against Ohio State to avoid a repeat of what happened last year with FS U.


Yep. And their quarterback getting injured at the end of the season. That's, it's broken everybody's brain. And I, what I love about the college football playoff is you have, you, you expand the argument. So there's in theory an argument that you could have every year about the 14 playoff. And now you've just got so many other schools making a case that they deserve to be in it, yada, yada yada. My resume's better than this resume. But at the end of the day, you can tell those teams that are bitching if they get left out like you should have won more games. Yeah. You should have won more games. You should have won more games. And that, and that's about as simple as it gets. And you could, and you could do it with almost like, listen, I think Tennessee's a very good team. Obviously didn't go for them. Well for them in Georgia. You, Tennessee lo you lost to Arkansas. Arkansas is not good. Yeah. You know, I, I get it.


You play a tough schedule. Alabama like you lost to Vanderbilt. Vanderbilt had a nice run there, but they're not gonna finish it. Like there's, if you had two losses and one of them isn't the best loss, like that's why Georgia Ole Miss Has two bad, bad losses. Yeah. Yeah. Well wait, they lost LSU Kentucky. Yeah. Ls u's a bad loss now. I mean it was, that was a crazy game. That was a pure Saturday night in Baton Rouge game. Kentucky's a bad loss. Kentucky's a bad loss. So yeah. It's just like you and I get it. Indiana, the, the one thing I like about, like, people complain about the unbalanced schedule now, I kinda like it just because a team like Indiana can have a season like this where the schedule bounces their way and still they have to prove it. They have to prove it in Columbus on Saturday. So wait, what were you saying about Joey Galloway further on that?


No, I was, I was done with Joey Galloway. I just think it's funny that he's reached that point where he's like thinking through these scenarios to the point where he's got, it's that meme of the guy that's, his brain is so big. Yeah. That he's playing chess against his own brain. Yeah. That's what Joey, Joey doing. I was gonna talk about Georgia again real quick. Oh yeah. 'cause I think Georgia is the best team in the country. When it was Texas and Georgia playing each other. I said that Texas was gonna win. I was wrong about that. But the more I've watched Georgia, the more I've kind of, since there's no real dominant team in the SEC this year. I think Georgia at their best beats any team at their best. I think Georgia at their worst also beats any team at their worst.


Like the floor for Georgia is higher than any other team's floor. And I think that Georgia, like medium Georgia probably beats everybody at their medium except for maybe Alabama. I Was gonna say counterpoint, Alabama. They literally can't beat Alabama. Yeah. Alabama, that's, well that was a weird game because you had But I'm saying like you had Alabama at their in the past, Kirby can't at their best and Georgia at their worst in the first half. Yeah. Then it flip flopped at the, in the second half. But I, but Kirby can't beat Alabama. I think the way that that Georgia's been playing recently, I think they're the best team in the country. Yeah. But they're not. But they're not a perfect team. I Think Oregon's pretty damn good too. And I think Ohio State's pretty damn good. This is why I like the 12 team playoff. I think there's a lot of good ole misses. Ole Miss's defensive line can wreck anyone.


Like there's, there's something for about like seven or eight teams where I'm like, yeah, if they do, even even in Miami, who I don't think is great, like their defense is great. Cam Ward can win a playoff game, you know? Yeah. That's what I love about This. I also have no idea how to handicap a matchup between Oregon and Georgia. No idea. That to me it, they might as well be playing in two different countries. Yeah. Like I don't, I, my brain can't comprehend or what that matchup would even look like. I know Oregon didn't look great against Wisconsin on Saturday. That w kind of like Wisconsin was throwing everything they had at 'em. And also Oregon, that was their eighth straight game. That was the longest streak of games without a bi-week in the country All in.


Like, you could see that they, they were kind of running outta gas All in conference too, you think? Right? Yeah. Yeah. They were running outta gas. So like, I, I wasn't shocked that they were, they played with fire there. I still think Oregon's very, very good. And they also, like, they have some of their guys, I think they're running back su they have 'em on like load management basically The end of that Game. So they'll they'll stop doing that once they get to the Playoffs. The end of that game was insane when Dan Lanning faked a punt. Yeah. That was, that was so stupid. I think that's probably eight games. He's, his brain is probably exhausted this point. Yeah. Because that was some dumb shit that he tried to pull. Yeah. And he got away with it. Yeah. Yes. Troll. You had a question? Go ahead. Troll. No, I won't ask it then. No, No, no. I want it, I want the t question.


You raised your hand come out of the, we need like a graphic where he, like he, he comes out from underneath the what Do, what do you want me to do? I want, this is what I want. I trolling. Okay. But I want ask your non troll. I Want it, I want the Question. Troller troll. You are dismissed. Henry Lockwood, do you have a question? I want the question. I'll go sit max and come sit on the couch. I'll go sit in the booth like the president pug wants. Like, I, I don't know what I'm supposed to do sitting in this seat. You, you're doing it. You're doing a great job. But I'm not trolling. But When you do troll, you do a great job. Like that's what the people want. Yeah. What did you think about Oregon flipping the jump around on Wisconsin by just going absolutely nuts. And then What do you mean the fans? No, the players. Yeah. A lot of, a lot of teams do that.


Oh yeah. You thought they took back jump around. They Kind of did. Yeah. Yeah. Jump around's not Great. Yeah, I know Max doesn't think so. Guess what, Madison with the new teams and from the west coast, there was a lot of Oregon fans there. Madison's a great college town. Everyone puts it on their list of places they want to go see. So we have a lot of fans show up and my buddy was there. He said there was Oregon fans everywhere. Bucket list. I was just curious. Okay. That wasn't troll. Never is. How are your Washington Huskies doing? Bad? Yeah. Could play spoiler this week though. That's, That's the other thing I wanna say. Just in defense of Indiana, I know I'm defending Indiana a lot. You don't know year to year what your schedule is gonna look like. Everyone, everyone had Florida State on their schedule this year.


Thought I, I understand what you're gonna say. They did, they did cancel a game against Louisville for western Illinois. That does, that does hurt their case. But they had on their schedule, Michigan and Washington, two teams that were in the national championship last year, two teams that their coaches left and their programs completely took a big step back. You can't really predict that part. Yeah, no, I'm, I'm rooting very hard for Indiana. You were gonna say the Western Illinois thing, which is fair. Yeah. I learned about that like an hour ago. Oh no, that's Louisville fans are all up into, up in Indiana's face. Kurt Zig Netti was not the one who canceled the game. Yeah. But in Indiana's defense, like Indiana, if you look at their schedule this year, compared to what Indiana has played in the past, you can't write any of these games down as easy wins for Indiana.


No. Like going into this season under normal Indiana football team, this is a hard schedule for this very because they, they have not been good at football and they turned it around and they're very good at football. I don't think that this is a fluke either. Yeah. They got, they got good players. They got a great coach. Just got an extension by the way. Yeah. Which I mean extensions in college football, It means nothing. It really means he got a temporary raise at least for the next like month. Yeah. And then he's probably free to go anywhere. He wants to light that contract on fire. Yeah. But yeah, there, I mean nothing that they've done this year to me screams fluke at all. I think ti is, he's a real deal. What, what, What are you looking at his schedule next year? Well, this Was just what somebody else was.


Oh yeah. That's not a good guy. Non-conference. They don't, they're non-con. They, they've, they've skipped non-conference. They decided to elect out of non-conference Games. They do have to go to Oregon and Penn State next year. ODU, old Dominion. Kenesaw. Yeah. Kennesaw State. Kennesaw State won one game this year. Then they fired their coach who did the turnover play built their program. Yeah. Indiana State sycamores. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. They, they don't, they they skipped, they skipped Nonconference. I wish Wisconsin wouldn't play Alabama to home and home. That sucks. It sucks. I'd rather have that be a win. We'd be bull eligible right now. But, but you know what? There's really no need to schedule a tough out of conference schedule with a 12 team playoff.


Well, you could make the case. Yes you should. Because if Indiana had played and beaten Louisville and then they lose to Ohio State, they would still have a case to be in the, in the 12 team playoff. If they lose to Ohio State and they have no, no signature win. No big win. It's gonna be harder to make that case. I, I would like to see in Indiana in it, I wanna Say. Yeah. But you see what I'm saying. I know they beat Louisville earlier. They would have a lot better of a chance. But if you schedule get in, if you schedule hard games for yourself outta conference, it just makes it more likely that you're going to take away the possibility of you being in the playoff. Yeah. I mean that's loser talk. It's coward's way out. Yeah. That's cowards. That's his cowards. Yeah. But guess what The, the coward's way out is working right now.


Well, no, it, it could backfire on them If they get Exposed. That's what I'm saying. If they lose to Ohio State by a lot, it actually will be the wrong approach because playing in beating Louisville would've gotten them in. You're banking on the opportunity to get kicked out by your one tough loss that you have and then spending the time getting mad at the committee for not putting you in even though Correct. You only have one loss. Right. Which in as a loser is a pretty satisfying way to deal with it. Yeah. The Big 12. So the Big 12 could be left out. I still don't think it's gonna happen. BYU lost to Kansas, which BY u's been playing with fire for a long time now. We have Arizona State who is a great story and has been playing great ball.


Could give BYU their second loss this weekend. 'cause they have to go down to Tempe. And I'm, our Colorado and Travis Hunter are going to Kansas, who's playing great balls ball as well, is gonna be a tough one. The big 12 just eats itself alive. Also, shout out Kenny Dillingham, the coach of Arizona State. He is. He's the guy who you're gonna try out for in the off season. Yeah. I've been working out. He's Awesome. I've he's A great coach. I've been working the leg out the last couple days back on the Peloton. I think I can get up. What if I 40, 40 yards by my 40th birthday. Yeah. I love that. Is that good enough? I love That Study law at Arizona State. Sure. They've got a good program. Why Not? Yeah. They've got every p prisco.


What do you think that a, a law degree from Arizona State would get me? What's, what would my hourly rate be? You'd be like a Hundred bucks. Go to ambulance. Well, I only know one person who went to Arizona State and he's got issues I feel Like law degree from Arizona State. DUI specialist. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I think that might be my goal. Yeah. I I, yeah. The Big 12 is gonna be chaotic. They, they, this is what the Big 12 is built on parody. The Big 12 is built on the chaos, the big twelves chaos. I unlike very unlikely, but could fuck them. What are the chances? And it's probably unlikely, but Oklahoma State is having just a, an awful season.


Yes, they are. Shitty gundy's gonna stick around for forever. Right? Yeah. And still water. Yeah. He's not going anywhere. No. No matter how shitty he gets. No. Not Well. I mean, unless he wants to leave. Yeah. No Jets. Jets Not a troll. Oh, I, I mean, I mean memes, That was so perfect. 'cause Hank's like, there's that fine line of him being like, you guys accuse me of being in controlled that he can't help. Dude. Mike Gundy in New York would be so funny. Memes Also is going off on Reini back here right now. It's Like Saying, where does he seriously, where is she getting these sources? Where is she getting these sources?


Why? Does that make any sense? We just beat the shit outta the Patriots before that, before that Game. I'm, I'm gonna go. We Did. No, I'm gonna go out on a limb. I don't have any, I don't have any sini sources on this. Yeah. You are a Sini source. No, But I, I'm saying I've not contacted my sources at Reini Incorporated, but I'm gonna guess with the timing of everything, maybe Joe Douglas was a source. You think memes, It's just a little farfetched to believe because they just beat the shit outta the Patriots on prime time the week before. And they lost because of a missed feel goal, Which would've made it a 12 to 10 in the boring rain.


Okay. That really Was the game that ended. Everything, Everything Means, So Mike Gundy. Yeah. No, yeah. Mike Gundy. You declined. Mike Gundy. Mike Gundy. Biff Pogi. Bring him on in. Dude, He's the best. He, he was fired at Charlotte all time football guy. He's the dude that coaches and the, the cutoff like the, the sleeveless vest on the sidelines and is like Independently very wealthy. Yeah. They, they brought him back to practice this week. Yeah. Do you see that? Yeah. They let, even though they fired him last week, they let him come onto the practice field and address the team this week. Say Goodbye. Yeah. Which is, I guess it's pretty cool for Charlotte. 'cause he seems like a cool guy. Yeah. Memes would I actually expect the Jets to try to do possibly Cliff Kingsbury?


I saw people say that. No, It's, it's tough bringing up scenarios to memes because he lives online. So no matter what scenario you bring up to him, he's like, say, I saw that. Yeah. I saw some tweets saying that earlier. I, I I, I've seen most scenarios and I I don't like most of them. Okay. Mike Vrabel is the only one. I don't even, I think we've ruined Ben Johnson. Ben Johnson would come in and he would just be Adam Gates 2.0. There's no chance Vrabel would go into that situation. No. Yeah. No. Adam Gates 2.0. But I'm saying he would Why don't you run it back? Stop. Hyperdrive. Hyperdrive. Come on. I, I don't think there's a, a coach that wants to coach the jets, that will be the jets head coach next year.


Wait, say that again? There's not a coach out there that wants to coach the, the coach. The jets next year won't want to coach the Jets. It'll just be the only available job open because they want be a head coach. They'll have to say, don't Wanna Be the coach of the jet. So there's So are it kind of sounds like you're saying there's no one out there who wants to coach the jets. Correct. That's an easier way to say it. I like the way I Say it. You gotta find like a special teams coach that nobody knows about, but is like a great leader of men. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, memes again, we're in the same spot. I do not think that like the Bears will get the first No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You have a rookie quarterback Correct.


Who still has a ton of potential. But, but my point is, I don't, the bears will the, the, the number one choice the bears could make. They'll say we're not gonna interview him 'cause he is too much of a man. The number two choice will probably say, I don't want to coach for the Bears. 'cause that's a discipline number three choice. We'll be like, I'm gonna go do this. We'll get the fourth or fifth. We're not a, we're not the top choice team. Yeah. We're not the top choice. Right. We've never been the top choice team. But You're definitely a more attractive Choice than you are. Yes. But we're not a top choice team. That's a fact. Is There a college coach that the, I feel like that's where the Jets are. Jay Lanning, the jet are at Mike Riley. Make it Riley. Yeah. The Jets are at that point, like every franchise has been through this. You, you try every other way.


You try to get guys that you think might be surefire hits and none of 'em work out. And then you say, ah, fuck it. I'll try to get a, a hot shot college coach and we'll just see if that works. Even though it has never worked with the exception. Maybe Harbaugh and, but I don't, I guess Harbaugh was like a car college coach. Pete Carroll. Yeah. But he also had like a previous stint in the NFL For the Jets. For the Jets. Yeah. The Jets tried doing it with Pete Carroll. Good point. Jimmy Johnson. Lou Holt. Lou Holtz. Yes. Jet. A great NFL career. Yes. You guys want to hear, finish the College Football Talk with one of the craziest stats I've ever seen. Sure. Not Travis Hunter. Who should be the Heisman.


He needs to be, we need car needs to be Kansas. Kansas is very good now. That's a great, great touchdown run he had, By the way. How sick. This is a really stupid thought, but how thick sick would it be if the commanders drafted the Kansas quarterback as the backup? Yeah. No, I don't want that. 'cause I, I was getting, I was root Jalen da Daniels, So I was rooting for Kansas. Yeah. On Saturday night when I was watching the game. Just because they kept saying Jalen Daniels. Yeah. And it made me feel like half excited. Yeah, it would be cool. It Would be cool. Yeah. Here's the crazy stat. So Kentucky is playing Texas this weekend.


That is the farthest West Kentucky football has ever played a football game. Oh wow. Good said. That's crazy. It's like half the country. Half the country. Kentucky has never played a football game west of Austin, Texas. Not even a bowl game. Nope. That's nuts. Not even a bowl game. Not even a bowl game. This is from, What Was the, Brian Davis, What was the previous record? Was that, was that Baton Rouge? They played Austin. They played in Austin like 40 years ago. So they're matching their previous, Matching their previous rec. Well, depending on where the stadium is, Stadium is, I think DKR has been in the same spot. Okay. But did they add to it?


They did add to it. Is it further, did they add to it West? They Built a highway, an overpass next to it, but I don't know if they moved it. If they did move it, I think they would've moved it a little bit northwest because there's another field next to it. Yeah. So it could possibly be the furthest they've ever gone. UK's last game at Texas was 73 years ago. That's crazy. So this is the furthest we That was Bear Bryant coaching them. Yeah. Bear Bryant was a Kentucky coach. 1951. That's just nuts to me. Never played a game further west than Austin, Texas. Okay. Darrell k Royal Stadium has been home to the Longhorns football team since 1924.


Okay. So I'm thinking it has not moved. But Have they added to the stadium, which I assume they did. They added to the stadium. So the fans might be the furthest away from Kentucky, but I don't think the walk Will. Where do they walk in? Has the ch has the entrance changed? Is it further west than east? I think the entrance is on the south side. Okay's Crazy. I'm not sure though. Crazy. I'll get, I'll get boots on the ground to answer this in. Awesome. Yeah. Find out if there's any orientation of the field that's changed at all. Okay. Yeah. Like even if they change the layout of the field and, and like one of the end zone goes like five feet further west. I'm looking at, that would be the Furthest west they've ever played. Right Now I'm actually looking at the history of the renovations at DKR Stadium. They added suites and when was it the date of that game?


1951. 1951. Anything post 1951 here they added lights. So that was a day game. Okay. This Is the important stuff. I'm Not, I think it might be because they expanded both end zones. Okay. So the walk in is gonna be further away no matter what. Okay. So yeah, we might have something. Okay. You're watching history when you watch that game. Yep. Okay. Last thing before we kick it to ourselves. Hank, good job. We're gonna talk about the Cavs with Pat Bev. But you broke up the Cavs. Yep. Pop the champagne. NBA cup. They actually are very fun games. It does feel like they try harder.


I will say two things because there has been also a lot of talk and reports about the NBA ratings being down and ask people, you know, asking what the cause is. I do like the NBA cup. It makes it important. The Celtics lost the game last week to the Hawks. They never should have lost. And all of a sudden if they had lost tonight, then they would be screwed for the NBA cup. Which is crazy. But it made tonight's game that much more interesting. I do not like the court. Okay. I don't like, I don't, I think for a casual fan it's gonna take a while for them to get the NBA cup. It just doesn't help. It's like, what is wrong with this court? Then you have to explain this whole long NBA cup thing. Not a fan of the court. I disagree. I also hate Wait, wait.


Are you not a fan of the court? Are you not a fan of explaining to people The courts? I just don't like personally watching them. And then it's like, why are they doing this? And they, they say it's 'cause it's for the NBA cup. I just don't think that's ever gonna click to a casual fan. Like, Ooh, new court. I like it 'cause it feels different. I like it because it comes with some nice time lapses. Like you get to watch when you see them, you know, changing the court out and the Game feels Different. Yeah, it feels different. I it looks like you're watching it on Twitch. Yeah. It looks like it's in a Twitch streamer's room. Yeah. And I just hate the Celtic City Connect jerseys this year. What are they? They're they, Their Oregon jerseys. Oh. I don't understand the like City Connect. We're gonna connect it back to a city. The Celtics have had the same jersey and like scheme forever and they just made jerseys.


They legitimately look like Oregon. Yeah. I don't love the j The the, the crazy jerseys in the NBA is too many. Too much. And the Cavs were playing on on Sunday and they were Blue jerseys. Like the, we've talked about it before the show. Yeah. But it's like when you turn on a game and you can't tell what the teams are unless you look at the Scorebook, like that's A problem. It was when the heat were wearing a yellow jersey and looked like the Pacers that I was like, this is too much. And it was, I think the blazers and nuggets were playing and the nuggets were wearing the Blazers colors. Either way we are doing, we're running a contest, so we, we release our picks. We told you last week, we release our picks on socials every single Tuesday for our NBA Cup picks so far we have the first day. So, so this isn't counting what's playing right now?


I'm three and oh P fts two and one Hank's two and one max. You're one and two. So you're at the bottom of both. Yeah. And we we're recording this late right now. Some of, I just got absolutely fucked in my, my pick for tonight. Okay. So, but the NBA cup, you can bet on it in DraftKings and you can follow our picks. And we're running a competition, so we'll have the updated leaderboard. I think I went two and one. I'm gonna be three and three. I went one and two. Ah Shit. I'm still waiting on the, the Spurs thunder. I like the NBA cup though. It does feel different. I, there's November NBA is tough to get into and then you turn on the TV and it's different court. You're like, oh, okay. They're trying a little harder.


I wanna win it. No team's ever won the NBA cup and the finals. So So you'd have to win the finals after. Are you counting it Retroactive? No, no, no, no. We have to win the finals after. Yeah. Yeah. Same year. Yeah. Yeah. Chris Paul has five assists. I need two more. It's halftime. I'm just gonna count that as a win. Oh. So I'm two and Oh, love. Congrats. Thank you. I'm One and one right now. I need ad tonight. You need 'em? You need a what? Wait, say that again. Oh, no. Yeah. I need a DI need a A. I need a D. I need A You need ad. I need ad. You need a D? Bad. I need a D. Bad. Big In A big way. Bad, bad. Been craving a D Bad. I need, I need a D to be huge.


Okay, let's do Hot Seat. Cool Throne. And then we have Pat Bev. Okay.


Hot Seat. Cool Throne time. It is brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week you got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram and tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt, five winners will be selected every sun Saturday until December 7th. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold refreshment of Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment literally made it chill. Coors Light is cold. Lager cold filtered cold packages is crisp and refreshing. Is the Rockies perfect for a moment to unwind even the biggest rivals? Agree. When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game you choose chill. And then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Henry, my Hot Seat Is John Stamos. Ah, what's going with? I had that as well. What's going with Stamos? I'm gonna botch the pronunciation, but his friend and co-star Dave Collier. Yeah, you could just say Uncle. Uncle Danny. Right? Dave Caou. Cool. Yeah. Haha. Uncle Jesse. Uncle Danny. Fun fact. Danny wasn't actually an uncle or no. Yeah, I mean that's Joey. Joey was Joey Stamos wasn't an uncle. No, Joey. Joey wasn't uncle. It's Jesse was an Uncle. Jesse was an uncle. Was the dad. I said it wrong. Danny was the dad. Uncle Joey. Joey was the comedian that just lived. Cut It out. Yep. He just lived in the house. Very sad. But he was, he revealed that he had a cancer diagnosis.


John Stamos then to show support of him, did a Photoshop of him wearing a bald cap and posted that. Yes. And that was his way to show it. Crazy, crazy. Crazy. Move. Wait, it was a photo. He did a Photoshop of him wearing a bald Cap. He put on a bald cap. I'll send the picture. And then he also photoshopped it to make, make him look even extra bald. Extra bald. More bald. I think he, I think he photoshopped where the lines in the bald cap are. Yeah. Sounds like Face tuned. Yeah. Insane move. Maybe his heart was in the right place. I don't think So. I don't know. Couldn't, couldn't cut his hair off. Well, I'll say for His friend Chris, I'll say this. There's one very lucky woman that's made the right decision not having to hang around that guy Stamos anymore.


That would be Rebecca Oma. Yeah. Talk about an upgrade. Moving on to JOCI Had it as my cool throne for JOC. Cool Throne. J-O-C-J-O C's a standup guy. JOC would never do that. JOC is the is Jesse Would just shave his head. Yeah, a hundred percent. Or just make a joke about how he's not gonna shave his head Himself and make it very funny. And he would probably, his la like JOC making you laugh would cure cancer. Yeah. Like that's how funny he is. Bing bong Jesse. Yeah. I like it. He blew. He would, he blew it. Jesse would, he would look, he'd be like, bing bong cancer. You're out Bing Bong. This is Rebecca. You know Rebecca, Johnny? This was, this was crazy though. Like the fact that he did this. I guess the only little small part is that he admitted to it.


Like it would've been worse if he had just pretended that he shaved his head. But still an insane, insane move. You, I mean, just an how big of a narcissist do you have to be? Extremely. That's that's really what it is. It's like how it is the how do I make this about me? Right. Don't even, just don't even, Or just shave your head or don't shave Your head and which you didn't do. And just don't wear a bald cap and be like, I'm here visiting my friend. I hope he gets better. Shave Crazy. Also, some guys, His cost, his culture's not your cost. Right? Yeah. Some guys look better with a shaved head. Hank. Thank you. One of them facts. He looks like a, just an evil, like an alien billionaire. He's a penis head. What a dick. JLC made me chuckle pretty hard.


Monday night he just tweeted like, need 44 from mixing tonight. He almost got it. Yeah. But that's just like a, that's a very like Yeah. Fantasy Monday night. Like, oh yeah, just let me, I got one guy left. Just need a, a 44. And we, we win this week. Yeah. He, he we're gonna have JOC on I think next week for an update on the fantasy. I missed JOC. Yeah, we're Gonna have him. 'cause I know people been asking. My cool throw is Paul Skeens. Yeah, that was, he stole all My shit. Fuck. Was he in the Hot Seat Though? He was on the Cool Throne. So you had two cool tones. I had two Cool Thrones. I thought I was gonna be okay and turns out I'm not. So Paul s Skiing's great speech last night.


Can we play it? He was. Yeah. I don't want, is it gonna take too long? It probably will. Max is really bad at this Notice the speech go goes on for a while. Oh, I thought you meant Max pulling it up. No, It's, I don't know if we have really bad at enough memory on the, on the SD card, But Yeah. Really heartfelt speech. Oh, we Don't have sound again. Oh wait. Hit the sound thing. Yeah. There you go. Producer. Yep. I was waiting for a good time for you to start playing It guy. Okay. Play it guy. Yeah. Come on guy. This is Paul from All Of Us. What does this honor mean to you right now? Right now. This is cool. That's it. He crushed it. So good. This is cool.


What more you say? You know what, that was cool. It was cool. And what more do you need to say? Yeah, this Is cool. We don't need victory speeches where guys get up there and they misuse the word humble a million times. Like every single award show that it's literally them sucking your dick and God's dick. Yeah. And giving you an award for being great and, and being better than everybody else. And then you get behind the microphone, you're like, yeah. Now that you guys have all told me how great I am, the first word that comes to mind is humble. Yeah. Yeah. The, the, the meme of Paul Skeens winning the Rookie of the Year. And Paul Skeen sitting in a firetruck. He was so much happier to be in a firetruck. But that's, that's what firetruck do to people. Yeah. Firetrucks are fucking cool. So Did you hit Scobel?


Was that not what this was The awards when they, they draw the whole thing out. So tonight, if you're listening to this tonight, te Scobel will win the Al Cy Young. What Is it like the 12 Days of Christmas? It's crazy. The Awards. I've been waiting for this forever. Shout out the a LI got off track him down who handed me a envelope on when we were in Detroit for the draft. And I opened the, he handed to me, walked away, opened it and said, take Scobel plus 400 to win the CY Young. It's Fucking great. Why doesn't Major League baseball do this like in the middle of the playoffs? I know. Or Before the playoffs start. Or just do like I I or do it all in one night.


There was like An it major league baseball and, and California. Yeah. It's the same thing that they have going on their, like counting all the baseball writers' signatures and matching them up to make sure the mail-in ballots are legit. There was a, I wanna say there was some type of event going on in Vegas with all the baseball players. Why didn't they just do all the announcements then? It makes no sense. It makes no sense. Doesn't So, yeah. Shout out that a WLI gotta find it. I gotta find the original tweet. Just been sitting there for six months. But he nailed it. Imagine if he doesn't win. I mean, you've jinxed this as much as Indian Could possibly jinx it. I mean, he was minus 2000. I know. The last time You could bet on it. He Has to win it. Yeah.


That would be insane if he didn't win it. I I would be like voter fraud. This is un jx. Yeah. What are his, I mean this is, you're you're Gucci. Oh, shut up. I hate, I hate that you just did that. Yeah. His last odds were minus 5,802. Is that right? Is that possible? Would they take that's on That? I mean, if he loses there's someone in MLBs out to get me. You know what? I Might, I might fucking load up and see if I can just make some quick money on minus 5,000 Now. Yeah. Let's go. Let's, we're Giving that out. I'm giving that out as an official Pick. I saw Young Pick An official pick. How much money can I deposit into the responsibly? I don't think it's Actually, I don't think it's up anymore.


Yeah, I'm, I'm just gonna see. Hey, can you try to pull those odds up? Yeah. It's not up. Okay. But let the record show. I would have endorsed that. Pick. Yes. My Hot Seat is the Utah Hockey Club piece. You piece is of shit. You don't even have a fucking name. What kind of professional sports organization goes entire season? Just naming themselves after the sport. Alexander Kin was taken out by dirty need to knee hit last night. Oh. After scoring two goals. Getting within 27 goals of, of tying Wayne Gretzky's all time record, excuse me. 26 of tying the record.


27 of passing the all time goals record. And he was on the best streak of his life, the way that OV started the season out. 39 years old. Top goal scorer in the NHL. The caps are on fire right now and ov is just insane. And how many, so is he hurt? Yeah. They said week to week, lower leg injury. I've, I looked at every single online Twitter doctor out there and they came to the conclusion probably a, a torn MCL or a sprained MCL, which is the same thing depending on what grade the sprain is. So he's week to week now, which probably means he'll be out for, I don't know, three weeks. But o's different. Yeah. Russian machine never break.


That was his famous quote when they asked him how he's, how he's been able to stay healthy throughout his career. So I'm just gonna hope and pray that whatever Putin's got left in the vault, he can send over. Just inject it directly into Avi's knee. The, that's the worst too. 'cause you can never figure out what a hockey injury is. No lower body. Like, there's just no, they will give no details. Nothing. You can't even see, like when, when a guy gets hit, he's got so many pads on that you can't, you know where we zoom in on like a football player or basketball player. Like, oh, that's exactly what it was. You just have no idea. Yeah. And then I, I was watching right afterwards, he goes back on the ice to try to skate on it, see if he can do it. Hockey tough and your hockey tough.


And it looks like he's skating around, but in reality he's just like barely touching one leg down. And I'm like, oh, he can skate. No, you forget that they're wearing ice skates and so they can just glide on the other leg. Shit. So yeah. It's not good bad for hockey, I would say because Yeah, I'd agree. I had, I had done the math on this last night when he was on his tear and on this pace, you know, when he would've broken wing Gretzky's record when it would've been at Edmonton. Mm. Felt like that was set up and he was gonna Break it in. Wait, are you talking about this like two goals? A game pace That he's been on? No, no. I I took it my own. I did my Own pace. Airer Hank I, Yeah. Well no, but like I did my own pace. I saw, I saw, yeah, I saw your tweet and I was like that. Did you started Edmonton and worked your way back?


I, no, I did, I did that my second time to see if I could like increase the pace or decrease the pace. It was like, will over Break the record this year? That'd be crazy. In PFT was like January 21st. My, my pace, my pace that I had him on had him scoring. I think it was like 0.75 goals per game. Okay. Which is taken, it, it's not as good of pace's crazy as he's been on. So at that pace, he would've broken it at Edmonton. Right now, I don't know if he's gonna break it this season, which it, it stinks to, to maybe have to wait another year for this. And people forget Ovy Ovy lost two a full year to the First Rock lockout. And then I think he lost like 50 games to the second lockout.


Plus Covid lost games to that too. So he's actually, he is on pace right now to break Gretzky's record in fewer games than Gretzky played in. Which is kind of crazy. But that is crazy. O's been so much fun to watch his entire, his entire career. He was like the one bright light that DC sports had for a very long time. So I've been counting down to, to this for like the last seven years. Once it was theoretically possible. So it stinks that those bastards in Utah sent a hit out. Yeah. Gretzky. Gretzky's got shooters. I wouldn't be surprised if Gretzky told biz like, Hey can you get on the horn with some of the guys that are up in Utah? I know you're not. You know a lot of them from your time in Arizona.


Could you have I blame biz. This is on. That's fair. That's fair. Dirty guy. Fuck you. Biz mother Hot Seat is Netflix because they're under a lot of pressure right now from the NFL. Yeah. To make sure that they don't fuck up the Christmas day stream like they did. The Jake Paul, Mike Tyson fight, Antonio Brown could save their ass. How he live streamed from his phone. The Jake Paul, Mike Tyson fight and he had 7 million people watching. That's pretty good. He's taking a little pressure off him. It's pretty. So he was live streaming from his Netflix I think. No, he was in the arena. Yeah. He was just live streaming video. He was just doing the video board. I love that. 7 million people were watching. I love That. Did did Antonio Brown have something to do with the, the roof panels falling Off?


I don't know. Wouldn't surprise me. No. Yeah. So Netflix is in trouble. 'cause Christmas Day with the Beyonce concert at halftime. Probably gonna have more viewers I think. Yeah. Than the Jake pulp. It's gonna be close. 'cause the that fight did numbers. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be close. I don't know. 60, what was it? 60 million was the total that we're watching. So it might not be average. NFL game is what? 20 million? I feel like this fight was like 34, 30 6 million. I don't know. I don't know what the total was. I think it was more than that. I think it was I saw 60. I saw 60 as well. Either way. Netflix gotta figure it out. They can make numbers up too. Yeah, they Absolutely can. And I guess that would be cool throwing an NBA for Christmas day.


Oh. Might be getting, might be getting more ratings. No, They got cocked. No, people would rather watch the the the wheel spinning. The wheel spinning. Yeah. The, yeah, the the, I Mean, how are you gonna compete with Beyonce? Although the, the Oh no, that's Thanksgiving. No, it's Steelers Chiefs. The Thanksgiving games suck. Whoa. Yeah, they suck one of them. They suck. Which one's man? Yeah, the Packers, dolphins. Packers. Dolphins is pretty Good, I guess. Yeah. But yeah, the other ones suck. Hypothetically. Bears lions a Week sucks. Hypothetically, if, if the stream was not working on Netflix on Christmas day, let's say 12 o'clock central time, that's when you're supposed to start. We tune in, we start to watch. It doesn't work for anybody.


Does the NFL just delay the game until it can get broadcast? Or do they play it now? They have to it. No, the, because those now hope. But in those situations the tech guys are like, it's fine. It's fine. It's fine. Yeah. All business. Pete is sitting there being like, it's fine dude. I, I don't see any issues. Yeah. People are saying that it's fine. I can get it on my phone right here in the stadium. Yeah. Like seriously. That would be a interesting problem for the NFL to have. I think that they would delay the game. I think they would delay it as long as it took to get it broadcast, Right? Yeah. Yeah. Because you Can't, you can't play a football game and not have it be on tv. I Agree. Lots of tape. I'd agree. I question. Yeah. Why can't they just like, get the pro the Amazon guys and just be like, Hey, Help us. Yeah. Just do, do the, we will pay you.


Bezos aint like that. Bezos Ain. Why would Bezos, Why would like Peacock or Why would Bezos help Netflix? Bezos ain't like Question. Damn. You just pay. It's the product. They're all different Production teams. Right? That's true. Just get a bigger router. Why? Why? No, because Bezos wanted this game. Like, it's like they competed. Netflix won the rights to Christmas. Hey, we cued, you've got these rights, but now actually we need your help. Yeah. That's And they're gonna be like, sure. They're gonna be a suck by Dick. I feel like there's gotta be like product, a different production team that can, can put this Server. I don't know that It's the production team. I server. It's Server servers, Infrastructure Server. They need a bigger router. Yeah. Right. They need a bigger router.


Yeah. I think Amazon would be like, no, abso, Amazon has the service. Like, fuck you for even asking us that question. Amazon Has all the servers. Do you think Pete could Do it? No. Absolutely not. If he had the servers. Yeah, I guess if he had the servers, I feel like Pete could do it. No. No. It's just, it's Servers. It's Servers. Pete, I want you to know that. I think that you could do it. I think Pete, With no issues, No issues. Pete also, can we get plug and chain some, some computers? Pete Could definitely Do it. Everyone tweet everyone. Tweet all business. Pete, when you're listening to this and say, pug and Shane need the Computers. They have Yep. They have Tweet 'em. No, they don't have the desktops though, to keep yelling at me to get the desktop.


I know, I know. And Pete also, I think Pete has some free month trials for Netflix. So if anyone wants it for the game, tweet 'em and ask for a code. Yeah. Netflix codes. Yeah. I like how Hank said that Netflix bought the rights to Christmas. They did Christmas is owned by Netflix. They did The handles at all business Pete At all business. Pete tweet him. Do you think, I mean the, the craziest part about what Netflix did to Christmas and the NBA is that they put it on their own app where you can't even flip back and forth to the NBA games. Yeah. Yeah. It takes you 30 seconds when The, when the people multiple TVs get, get a nice win. Yep. Get a nice win.


Okay. Your cool throne. My cool throne is the US men's national team and their new coach Tino, because he beat Jamaica four to two in some tournament that I always forget the name of involving the words Nation's League CONCACAF Champions Tournament. So they won for to two with Bih Halter in the stands. Oh. They made Bih Holter go out and watch the Gamecock cocked him. He sat a little cuck chair in the corner and watched Peppy and, and, and Pusch dominate. Just crushed Jamaica is, Is not to get political, but the Trump celebration is pretty fun. How the guy everyone's doing it is Pulit getting under fire.


He did it after Go. I don't think he's getting, I don't know if he's getting under fire. I've seen more people saying like, what will, it's gonna be fun to watch Libs freak out about. Yeah. And I feel like it's just a fun celebration. I think it's just a fun dance to do. Just doing this. Yeah. You just do this and then do the golf swing. Anyone can do it. Yeah. Yeah. So they won four two against Jamaica. Which leads us to a fun fact that now the US men's national team and in fact Greg Berhalter himself, who was fired in July of this year. He's got more wins in at and t stadium this year than Mike McCarthy. Than The Cowboys in Dallas. Cowboys did. Wow. Wait, who, who does Greg Berhalter? The fire coach has more, has more wins. But that wasn't the game obviously last night.


'cause they were playing Football. They were playing football last Night. So he had already had that. He already has those wins. Yeah. Yeah. Even though though he got fired in July. Got it. Mike McCarthy will be fired. Got it. Doesn't have as many wins even though he plays many more games. That is A fun fact. I thought that was a fun Fact. Very fun fact. Alright. My Hot Seat is, well, we're gonna talk about it with Pat Bev, but I feel like we kind of glossed over it. This Tyrese Maxey Joel MBI thing is, feels for real. Hmm. What happened? So Tyrese Maxey called out Joel MBI in a meeting and said that he's late and disrespectful to everyone. I didn't realize that this is just like a well-known fact that he's always done this. There was a book written what in 2015 where everyone was like, Joel Beat is just a terror to to work with.


Feels like, feels like things are bad right Now. Maxine and Beat are friends. They challenge each other often. What does that mean? Apparently It was, This is a problem. It was a constructive meeting. What does that mean? That they challenge each other? What About the 2017 comments? How many times did you practice his speech in the mirror before you sat down? Zero times. That's a, that's zero times. That's fake. Maxie and him Beat are friends. They challenge each other. You had that ready to go? No. I mean that's just, that's just a fact. What about the allegations from the past? What Were the allegations from the past Hank? That He showed up late and that he was a terror of the whole staff. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. What about those? It was Basically a, you say 2017 Or whatever the, whatever that book was. The Book Gives off fuck whatever the book Came out I think 2017. I think that was maybe his rookie year.


Yeah. It was when Brown was the coach and he was mad because all of his assistants came up to him and they were like, Hey, we have to have an intervention with you because Joel is such a huge asshole to everyone. 2050 that we needed to escalate this to the head coach. Hmm. Wait, you say two, is it, what's a, what's a date? We're worried about something. 10 years ago, Nearly every member of the sixth er staff basketball was awaiting him. Why are we here? Brown ass. He knew the meeting was about MB but didn't understand. One of the assistant coaches stood up and said, coach, we're here because there's a problem with Joelle. He's disrespected just about everyone in this room and has become a major distraction. You wanna say what's something about when you were 18, Franny lied in.


No, no, I'm just saying like, Oh, If, if it was still a problem 10 years later, then yeah, it's probably like a bad sign. Yeah. If Hank was still on on, That's not a problem. Like him showing up late isn't, that's different. You think that's not a problem? No. That What about the people Are fem said it wasn't a problem. But What about the people saying That This is maybe the first time Ed's ever been challenged. That's they it's said in the thing that, and Maxie NBI go back and forth at each other. 'cause they, there's a mutual respect and friendship. Sounds like there's not a lot of respect for him. Beat. You know what you guys, this is where the national podcast thing turns disgusting. Why? You just turned into The national.


Alright. Alright. Alright. Fine. All right. News new segment. Alert Hank to the National segment. Podcasting Turns disgusting. Okay. New segment, regional podcast. Philly. Philly. Alright, Philly. Hey. Hey. Welcome back to Lockdown Sixers. Listen, We won two games. We're About to, to be losing the Wizards in the standings, but like, Joel's done so much for our cities, you know, so No. So it's like we gotta give him some respect. I Think it, It's disgusting what some of the reporters in the locker room are trying to do to divide us. I, And we need to be unified and we're a great team. I don't think that we change anything. We don't change anything except maybe we keep the fucking reporters outta The locker room. Well, respectfully Anthony and Gino, I disagree. Joel Beads a bum. He's a bum. He doesn't respect the hardworking people of Philadelphia.


Do you want a gold medal? I get up, I get up at every, every morning five o'clock. Think about the construction workers and the trash workers. And Joel Bead can't be there at, at 10:00 AM I know. Shoot around the Problems. The problems with Joel started to get much more clear when Nick fucking Siri walked through this door and he took his paws and put 'em all over a city and fucked it all up. He Can't win a second round matchup, but he can give us an MVP. So, you know, you gotta think about what he is giving to us. No, That's loser talk Anthony. Alright. How'd we do? Great. Really good stuff. That was our resource podcast. I fucking love the Fluffle Eagles.


It feels like a problem. Two and 11 and, and this feels like a problem. Yeah, It's Nove. It's November 19th. Okay, So here's Max. Here's where I and the Sixes are dead. You're dead. Here's where I think the real problem is. I'm sure that conversations like this happen a lot in NBA locker rooms And we never hear about 'em. I'm sure they're commonplace. Yes, I Agree with, But the fact that it got out, that tells me that there's something there. Tells me that people are sick of his shit. Because usually it wouldn't get out if it Joe and Beat has maybe not been the best teammate, shows up late, whatever the story is. But if he's terrible playing, playing well, and the team's doing well, that stuff never gets out.


He's playing poorly. The team's playing poorly. Now the cracks start happening. Started playing. There's a mole. There's a mole in the organization, which, you know, we gotta sniff out. 'cause that should never have gotten out. That's, that's correct. But what if this is the turning point of the whole season And we Back start of the championship DV and then look Back to this moment. It's a strange turning point. Yeah. Or Tank Cooper flag. Oh No, I'm, I'm alright With both of those. You don't get to say that. You don't get to say that. Because when I said Yep, that I, I want Cooper flag and I'm projecting Cooper flag. This is true. You said we are out. You said the Sixers are out's True. Cooper. I'm still in Big Cat. In Big Cat could get 'em. I'm out. Out.


You said yourself. I said I Was out. Yeah, but I say now I'm back in. Nope. No, you Can't do that. You're out. You can't that Back In. That's illegal. That's illegal. I didn't realize I did that. Yeah, you did. You did. You did. I said I was out too. I'm a man of my word. I hang out. I make out. Thank you Hank Man of honor. What's crazy is that you're tied with the wizards right now. It's nuts. Yeah. I mean it doesn't, it it all doesn't fucking matter. So what point will it matter? Christmas. So how many wins do you have to have by Christmas? How many times have we said on this show that Start until Christmas? I understand, but I wanna hold you to this. So If this wasn't the Sixers, no one would care. Okay. Agreed. We Would not be talking about this. Okay. If it was a Celtics, no. If it was a Celtics, we would absolutely be talking about it. Correct.


So lie Yeah, But Sixers Celtics, that's it. Lie But Max, that's because you have these players in our team, like the narrative that's been around them. The bucks Fucking suck. We don't talk about that at all. I Have, I've brought it up Multiple times. Yeah. I mean, what, what, what are we gonna say? The the, there's a mole in the, the bowls of the wizard. Like, we suck. Nobody would care about that. Yeah. Alright, so you have 13 games. Christmas is your 13th game. How many wins do you have to have to be like, this is a problem. There's 13 games until Christmas. I think you gotta get to 10 Wins. I know 10. 10 sounds way like way too many. Lemme see the schedule. So you gotta go. 10 wins and you gotta do, so you gotta go eight and five.


That's not that hard. Eight and five's not that Hard. Eight and five. Yeah. Can find, Find eight wins. 10 Wins. Five. I can find you Or Orlando twice without Palo. Oh, Detroit. There you go. Chicago, Charlotte, twice. Detroit. Yeah. There's a eight. Yes. 10 wins. 10 wins. Gotta get 10 wins by Christmas. Let's go. 10 wins to by Christmas On Netflix. Netflix. We're not allowed to talk about it this until Christmas. Alright. But you have to get to 10 wins. Yep. What if yas the the mole That This never happened with Beat Ball Paul. Alright, so Max, there's been a new wrinkle, A Wrinkle reveal To the 76 ERs. Drama to the saga. I want a saga. What's the Saga? We're doing this later on at night. 9 37.


Somebody thinks that they found the leak of who reported this or of who gave the scoop away. Okay. Is This this from Raptor moment? Wait, max. Max. Max. Now I feel like Memes right now. Lemme finish. All right. This from Raptor Moments. This Is a stretch. Raptor Moments rap. Yeah. Raptor Moments. Online Moments. Rap. Rap is the source. Yeah. Well, Here, just hear me out here. Okay. Wait, that's, this is what's the name of the Twitter account? This Is a Raptor Moments. This is a Burner? Yeah. What? Huh? Okay. Okay. Well just, just wait. Yeah, I'll hear it. Okay. I'll hear the wrinkle. All right. So the quote from the article was, Tyrese loves the big fella, but this is the elephant in the room.


A person involved in the meeting told ESPN If you go back to the raptors over the last couple years, Nick Nurse is very fond of using the phrase elephant in the room. And he's done it at least three times. A common phrase. A common phrase. This is, this is an insane addition. This Is like Tatum stealing people's quotes. And the quotes are like, let's fucking go this. Yeah. Be like Rap. What's his theme For saying Raptor? For an elephant in the room? Yeah. For saying an elephant in the room. I Mean, everyone, everyone says An elephant in the room. What's his That's like every report ever. This is Raptor Moments. I believe Raptor has 2000 followers. Wait, Raptor Moments isn't actually reporting anything.


They're literally just being like, look, this phrase was used and this, this phrase was Used. Yeah. Raptor Moments is connecting the dots. Right. But he's not, he you can't believe Raptor moments because Raptor Moments doesn't have any actual knowledge of this. No, no actual knowledge whatsoever. Yeah. He's just saying, oh, Nick Nurses said Elephant in the room and this person did. So Nick Nurse is the, I liked, I liked the thought. I do like to believe that Nick, that put Nurse Elephant, the room, at Least his coach is snitching on his players only meeting. That is a funny thought. Yeah. So I'm gonna believe it. I'm with You. It also wasn't a player's only meeting. Another fan pointed out that in a past NBC sports Philadelphia story, it's explained that Nick Nerrs said on Danny Green's podcast in 2018, that he had a mini elephant on his desk in Toronto, which metaphorically helped him prevent obvious concerns with a team from growing before being addressed.


Nick Nurse loves the phrase elephant in the room. Everyone uses phrase. He Had a fucking elephant on his, When there's an elephant in the room, you use the phrase elephant in the room. He's He's right about that. Yeah. But if you walk into Nick Norris's office, there's always an elephant in the room. He has an elephant on his desk to remind himself of elephants in rooms. Have you ever used a fa phrase, elephant in the room? Not to reporter. Don't recall. Wait, what was the original quote? The original quote. It Was the most standard quote of all time. I'll read, I'll read the quote. Tyrese loves the big fella, but this is the elephant in the room. He was talking about how Tyrese loves Joel. Wait, But who wrote that?


That was in the ES ESPN report. So that wasn't even a quote. What? What? No, that is a quote. The direct quote Is from an anonymous Source. Tyrese loves the big fella, But this is the elephant in The room. No, max. You don't know how to read quotation marks. Tyrese is the big fella. But this is the elephant in the room is the quote quote from An anonymous source. Anonymous source with the Sixers Max. You're looking at an apostrophe. That's just the one mark. The quotation mark is two. Who Gives a fuck? Everybody says elephant in the room when there's an elephant in the room. I mean, it seems like Nick Nurse is obsessed with elephants. Who else would the source be then Max? 'cause it seems like we got one good lead and nothing else.


Yeah, That's a great lead. Hey. Okay. Here's the only, only pushback I'd have is wasn't part of the report that the Sixers players were like, Hey Nick, nurse, you need to coach us harder. Yes. Why would Nick Nurse leak that? His players are mad at him? Because he also, in the report, they said that in turn the players have to pay more attention to detail. Okay. So maybe it is Nick nurse. So maybe Nick nurse in the meeting was like, that's fair criticism. I'm going to hear you. But then, and but Can I ask you to also, you buy in as well and we'll meet in the middle. Good. Coaching. Okay. I'm, I'm on team. Yeah. It was Nick nurse now. No, stupid. There's a stupid Fucking thing. I mean, max, I think every, Everybody agrees it, he swayed me like 99 Could Percent Could you imagine if if memes got this, got this news, we should stop listening to reports.


I, we just went from The athletic to Raptors moment. Raptors Moments with an S. We should stop listening to reports. It's fucking us up. Oh, okay. Back to whatever we were talking about. Okay. My cool throne is Kentucky basketball because I don't know if you guys saw, but John Calper is now begging fans to show up to basketball games in Arkansas. And he was like, if you don't want to come to the game, give us the tickets back. We'll find someone who can come to the game. And they have also not looked great in the start of their season.


And then on the other side, Kentucky, there's a clip going around. That's awesome. It's Mark Pope coaching in the huddle, essentially telling his players exactly what Cooper Flag is going to do on that last possession against Duke. And being like, this is how we're going to defend it. He's going to spin. You're gonna, we're gonna send the extra man two hands, take the ball away. And then it's like a cut up where he's saying it and it happens exactly like that. Something that Kentucky basketball is missing that in-game coaching. So Kentucky basketball, good for you guys. Yeah, It's it's an awesome clip. It makes you think that Mark Pope is, is gonna be a great coach. Yeah. But we are very easily sold on clips like that. It's Up game. But I also saw like Cal in the red looks weird.


And then him being like, please come to the games. Yeah. Not, not a great look. They are three in one. They lost to Baylor, who's a pretty good team. But they also Have kind of like, they had a couple games where they were struggling a little bit with lesser competition. Yeah. It's not, I would say so far Kentucky won, won this trade. Yes, for sure. And also Kentucky. This also is probably because they were playing against Duke, but Kentucky seemed like a fun team. Yes. Like an easy fun team to root for. I'm sure that once they start becoming more Kentucky, then they will be easier to hate. But going up against Duke and beating Duke in that way, it it, it made me feel things for the University of Kentucky. I Got a little soft spot for Kentucky.


I got no problem with Kentucky. And it's probably 'cause it's 2015. What? I guess how you beat them. Yeah. Right. Like it's just, they beat you. I know, but it's also like, that was, I mean, they were undefeated that season, so, and I love Matt Jones and those guys. So Yeah. I, I want Kentucky basketball to be good. I might be an honorary member of Big Blue Nation. I don't know Mark Pope. I mean very loosely honorary meaning like, I'd put a future on 'em. They'd be like, go Kentucky. And then, then they lost. They'd be like, oh, well I lose it. Anyway. I like Kentucky. It's, you're right. The sport is better when Kentucky basketball is good. Yeah. I just, I will say and repeat whatever propaganda Kentucky fans want me to do. If it means that I get one step closer to at one point becoming a colonel.


Mm. Being a Kentucky colonel. That'd be sick. Would be sick. That Would be sick.


Okay. We have more basketball. Talk with our guy Pat Bev. It is brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of, Pardon My Take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole in the state of Ohio. Last year at Grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks of recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year, Silverado was out west with our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit, legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover, world of strength and capability. All behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Were also brought to you by our friends at Kraken. Today's show is brought to you by our friends at Kraken. You know, I see a lot of similarities between sports and crypto. You have passionate supporters that believe in their favorite crypto. A assets like their sports teams team, Bitcoin, team Ethereum, maybe even team, whatever Dog Coin is going 10 x next week, who knows? But underneath it all, a shared belief that crypto is one of the best opportunities to achieve financial autonomy and financial freedom. And that's what Kraken is all about. Secure and simple access to over 200 cryptocurrencies. Kraken also gets flawless track records in protecting assets with some of the strongest Cryptosecurity features around. And not only is Kraken a leader in security, they cater to all experience levels of Trader as well as the Kraken app. You've got Kraken Pro, a full suite of powerful tools built for the most seasoned traders out there. Whatever kind of trading strategy you use, Kraken Pro handles it with ease. Don't just listen to us, join the platform, trusted by over 13 million individuals, traders, and institutions globally that are already on Kraken. I'm a guy who's very financially illiterate. I don't really understand cryptocurrencies. Kraken makes it easy for you. So go to Kraken dot com slash barstool, not investment advice. Crypto trading involved risk of loss and is offered to us customers, excluding Washington, New York, and Maine through Pay Word Interactive, Inc. Go to Kraken dot com right now slash barstool Kraken dot com slash barsol. That's K-R-A-K-E n.com/barsol.


Okay, here he is. Pep Bev. Okay, we now welcome on our coworker. Very special guest, recurring guest. It is Pat Bev. What's up Beverly? Back from Israel for a short stint. I thought World War II had broken out when you walked into the gambling cave on Sunday. Okay. Unannounced. Okay. Yeah. I was like, why is Pat here? Why is he like, I thought he was in the middle of the season. So you have a a break. You have a break And you are how far into the season in Israel? About two, about two and a half months in. And How's the team playing? Phenomenal number one team in Israel right now. Number one team. Number one team. Yeah. How Are you playing? Phenomenal. Yeah, I've been been fucking hooping.


Yeah. Yeah. Been fun. How's the game different over like, is it when you go over there, 'cause you played obviously in different leagues around the world before. Yeah. But you go over there, is it, is it, I don't wanna say easier, but is it like, It's easier, but like I get everyone's best shot. Yeah. You know, because they're like, Is the NBA player Right? Right. Every American, every coach, every import, every import from another country. Everywhere I go it's, you know, they beat us, you know, oh, we beat N-B-A-N-B-A team or NBA players. So I'm, I'm getting everyone's best shot. Yeah. You know, but you know, that's what I ask for. So it's perfect.


How are the fans over there? Phenomenal. I mean, like, you gotta think, I'm thinking like eight to 9,000 a game. It's a lot of smoke with, with Israel and other countries. So like, we can't go play in Turkey. We have to meet at a mutual site. So we'll meet in Serbia. Teams that it's smoke with. We always meet in a mutual site. All, all our Israeli games are played in, in Israel, of course. But yeah, our European league games, the games that it's, you know, a Greek, a Greek team or a Turkish team or you know, any team like that or it's kind of smoke. We all, we always meet at a mutual site. So What about the game? How does the game translate to, to the Israeli league?


So first, so first the, the minutes are short. We played 10 minutes a quarter. Okay. That's, that's timing wise, you can't, it, it's no defensive. Three seconds. So you can just stand in the pen. Oh, you just park out in there? Yeah. Play. Yeah. Yeah. All day. Right. So it's really beat your man to activate the big guy to to make the next play. Yeah. Right. So you don't see a ton of guys scoring, I don't know, twenties and 25 points a game over there. Yeah. You know, so, So he is, there's a guy just standing under the hoop basically. Just all day swatting Day shots day, all day. That's Crazy. Yeah. Living, literally living in the paint, crowded paint making you, you know, make the right play consistently every single time. And do You, do you, you haven't gotten a technical yet, is that because of the language barrier, actually?


Because I'm sure you've said things that should get you a technical Yeah, I, I, I just been, I don't know, it's, it's wild. When I play, when I had a ball a lot, I'm so focused on like the game and focused on like, okay, trying to win the game, try to do small things to win a game that I'm not overdramatic or over like, I wouldn't say emotional, but just in in in character. Yeah. In the NBAI can do that, I can get away with that a lot. And they're quicker to gimme a tech also. So, yeah. Is it more like, you're also, like in the NBA, you, there's the pat Bev role where you come in, you fuck shit up. Yeah. You make you, you're kind of a pest. You make things a problem for you. Yeah. You get in their heads. Yeah. And then I would imagine, maybe I'm wrong, but in, in your current setup, you get in the game because you are expected to be like a leader.


And I don't know how ball dominant you are. Yeah. Like the, but You're like one of the best players. That's The star over there. Yeah. The superstar. So you can't be getting text, Can't be getting text in that role. Can't, can't have that inner type of energy, you know? So it's all, it's, for me, it's okay. I'm seeing double teams every night. I'm seeing triple teams every night. I'm seeing, you know, the, the best defenders on me every night I'm seeing, I'm dribbling iso. I see guys running to me, oh, I gotta make extra play. So it's just a different roll. I, yeah. I So people that are saying like, pat Bev got soft 'cause he's not getting technicals, what would you say to those people? I mean, my numbers are got better offensively, so I guess it's working More focused. Yeah. More locked in. Yeah. Yeah. And I can get away with it in the NBA because, you know, NBA the, the reps, they know me, they know me. I'm a elbow motherfucker. I'm gonna say, yeah, he is bum ass.


He can't fucking shoot. Fuck you. You know? I'm gonna say that type of shit in the game, which is they, they gonna gimme a tech, but they're not gonna really kick me out. You know, you can work your way with the reps in the NBA. Yeah. Alright, so I got a tough question for you. I'll tell two Tough questions for you. Okay. Two First tough question is the way last year ended not the best because obviously you guys got bounced, you threw a pass to someone like, I look ready for a pass. Yeah. He's wearing a uniform. Yeah. Oh, you were just trying to get some numbers up on the pod afterwards? No. You were just asking people to subscribe. No. Do you think any of that, like how did it work in the off season when you were trying to figure out where you're gonna play? Was that part of it at all?


Or was it you wanted to go play in Israel? I, I don't think it helped. It didn't help, right. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna say that I don't think it helped, but we still had what, two, three offers for the minimum. Yeah. You know, so It wasn't like a blackballed Situation. No, I don't, I don't think so. Yeah. I had, I had offers. I see. I got offers now the, to come back, you know. So are We looking at those offers? I, I Am. Is it, I Mean, the goal I would assume is to eventually get back in the NBA, correct? Yeah. I mean, not back in the NBA. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's when, when you're out of it Right. And you see teams that you used to be on kind of struggling a little bit All of your teams. Yeah. And, and you see that, you know, you're set up, you know, the, the stage that you on and like the big stage Yeah.


Like being away from it. There's no other fucking stage like that. Yeah. Like no other stage than I don't give a fuck. And I'm not even talking about a playoff game or a cup game or like a, a Eastern conference game or a championship game. I'm, I I'm absolutely talking about fucking game 16 of the season. You're in the fucking biggest show in the world, right? Yeah. Like, there's no other place like that. Right. So like, organically as a kid, NBA dream, I feel the need of like, damn, I want that. I want to go back there. Yeah. You Know? So, and, and the one thing I love about you is you have the utmost confidence at all times. Yeah. That's why you're, that's why you've made it so far in the NBA. That's why you've played for so long was how last season ended. Was it humbling at all where it's like, okay, pat, like just take a step back, maybe got a, you know, like, was there any of that?


No. Okay. In my mind, you gotta think in my mind I'm like, shit, I just literally want a playoff game by myself. I ain't gonna say by myself, but you know, the, you Got everyone injured on the, on the box. Yeah. Yeah. And then I had to step up and then we win a elimination game that, you know, a lot of people counted us out for. So in my mind, and you know, with the, you know, different games in Boston and, you know, the, the freedom I had with Nick Nurse and the freedom I had with the Bucks. Like, you, for me, that was probably one of my best NBA offensive league years ever. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So I, I took it as, okay, cool. I gotta, I still got a lot of juice in the tank. I, I take care of my body like a motherfucker, you know what I'm saying? Like, I spend a ton of my body each year to be healthy and, you know, prepare for entire season.


So to me it's like, okay, now I, now I made a ton of money. I made, you know, almost a hundred million dollars in NBAI get to go somewhere else where they're paying me more than a minimum, which, you know, no matter if I had a career year or not, if Russ Westbrook takes minimum, cal low takes minimum, guess what? Pave you get minimum. Yeah. That's just how it is. Yeah. Regardless of my play or a ball getting thrown or whatever the situation be. And I don't think that's fair. That's the, that was my issue. Right. I worked my ass off. I had better years than all the motherfuckers. Why the fuck? I'm getting a minimum. Yeah, yeah. You know? Okay. Just a podcaster, a podcaster after the game when they ask you to elaborate on what happened. Yeah. Instead of just right away saying, subscribe to the Pat Bev pod.


I know you're a great marketer, but instead of saying that right away, why don't you do like a, a tease you, you'll start answering the question and you say, to hear my full thoughts, subscribe to the Pat Bev pod, or, or you could do a podcast live in person to that reporter, answer the question, but in the middle of your answer, throw in an ad read. Yeah. So you start talking about what happened and then you say, bring 'em on. By the way, it's subscribe to better Help better help.com. Yeah. But mine was, or like originally that was mine throughout, since I've had the pod. Right. Yeah. You've been doing that. That wasn't just a one off. Yeah. That wasn't, yeah, I, I, I agree with that. Have you thought about maybe instead of saying, are you subscribed to the Pat Bev pod? You can't ask me a question unless you subscribe to the Pat Bev pod.


If you ask them, are you subscribed to Pardon My Take? Because the answer would probably be yes. So then they can ask you the question. No, probably not though. Depends, depend on who I'm talking to. That was the NBA crew. I mean, that was the ESPN crew I'm talking to. Sure. They don't like us. No, they're closeted fans. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They go home and shame. They won't admit. They won't admit it, for sure. Sure. Admit that was, I mean, obviously I think you, you said it afterwards, like you should have handled it better, but it wasn't, it did get spun out as like, I can't believe he a, he said this like, no, he's been saying it all year, obviously. Right. Yeah. But it's like that because we are, we are in media. Right. So anything that, you know, is frowned upon, I don't know, something done, they go try to make the next thing seem like the worst thing. Yeah. Yeah. You understand. I've never, I've never punched anyone.


Right. I never hit any of my teammates. I never said, fuck you coach. I'm walking outta practice. I've never got kicked outta practice. Yeah. Ever since I've been in the NBA, you know what I'm saying? So like, my behavior is one thing, but like, it's a lot of shit that I haven't done also. Yeah. You know, which I, you know, which shows why I've been in the league so long also. Yeah. Right. Yeah. No, there's a reason why you keep getting, you keep getting signed to teams in the NBAs because you're a valuable piece and a good teammate for the most Part. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But sometimes they get caught up in like the theatrics. But we said at the time, we were like, pat has been telling every reporter this No. Since, since I have the pod Since you had the podcast. It's a, it's a standard answer for you. Yeah. I've got an easy question for you. Talk to me. And we talked about it a little bit on, on Sunday when you came in.


You're playing overseas in Israel, solve the Mid East crisis. Wow. Solve the Middle East crisis. Yeah. Let's Create peace in the Middle East. Yeah. I, for one, I don't think that I can solve it. Good answer. That's a really good answer. That's, that's the right Answer. That was a really good answer. Right. So how are, how are you keeping up with the NBA while you're over there? What's the time difference? Like, So, Ooh, shit, so what? My three, 3:00 PM it's 7:00 AM here. So all the, the first game, 6:00 PM is probably like one o'clock in the morning my time.


Mm. Okay. Right. So not keeping it up with a ton, but a ton of highlights.


But now that I'm with DraftKings, shout out to DraftKings,


it's, it's, it's kind of exciting to kind of be up a couple hours now. Yeah. Trying to see scores, trying to see who the fuck goes score wasn't in the first quarter type shit. So, yeah. Shout to DraftKings. Alright, so I got a question about this. NBA the, the Cavs. Yeah. They've, I mean, this is running on Wednesday, so they play the Celtics in a few hours and they might lose that game, but they started undefeated. What is it about the Cavs Kenny, I mean, Kenny Atkinson is a really good coach. He was my coaching Clippers, so, yeah. So tell me about Kenny Atkinson. What is it, what does he do that that makes it, 'cause it feels like the Cavs last year, they were a good team playoff team, but this is, they're playing out of their mind right now. So when he had, first off, Kenny A is a, is a player's coach.


Right. First off, when I, when you speak about Kenny a you gotta understand this. This is a coach that crosses every T dots, every I, right. When I was there, he wasn't the coach running to go work with Kauai Paul George. He was working with me, Nick Platoon and Zak, you know, so you can understand this kind of collar of work dealing with the type of players he dealt with. And he was the head of the individual performance side, you know? Yeah. So when you see a coach like that, his ability, like, you know, I think he, he ran our offense, you know, but the way he teach it, the way he taught it, the way he ran it, or the, the, the, the, the, I, I don't think I've ever heard him say, I don't know, probably heard him say some curse word, but never at someone, you know?


Phenomenal guy. Yeah. Phenomenal man. Yeah. Phenomenal man. And I think like if you, if you have, your coaching is all about your, it's never about X and Os there it is. Somebody down that fucking coaching staff got X and nos. It's all about how hard can your players play for you In motivation. Yeah. Right. So, right. You can be a coach that has zero X and nos, but you had your team run through a motherfucking wall from you. That's half the battle right there. And that's all coaching is. That's all coaching is. And the moment you take a player aside and the moment you do something that just, just, you know, not go, you know, 'cause as a coach you have to think you're a coach, you're a father figure also. That's literally where coaches start from. But the moment you cross that line because of money, the moment you cross that line, 'cause relationships start letting guys do what they want, that's when you become a bad coach and lose the shit.


Yeah. All the good coaches, they coach the same, obviously you have your star players, but we're gonna coach you the fucking same. No, you can't be late or you can't be fucking late. Right. That's how we're gonna run things. Right. You know? So if you have more of those, I think, you know, the game will change with basketball And we coaching and, and that's all you saying right there. How much of the Cavs success is because of the Dancing Frog Put me on, I'm, I'm not aware. So there was a, in Cleveland, there was a guy in a frog costume that he was dancing in the streets after the Cavs won a couple games, and now they've invited him in and he dances in the arena after they win. How important is that if you're a player? Because I feel like that's pretty damn important. Okay. I mean, as a player I probably wouldn't even know that.


Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I probably wouldn't even know that player could answer. Yeah. I wouldn't answer. I would, from a fan's perspective, I would say Kenny Atkinson deserves, I don't know, 20% of the credit. The players another 20, the dancing frogs 60%. Okay. So, so like from a fan, if, if you come there dancing frog's not there, he's sick. You're like, we lose, Can't lose the game. We're Injury. Classic fan. I like that though. Yeah. Gimme Love management That night. Yeah. It's like a, I don't wanna play. It's like a game within, within the game type of vibe. Yeah. Well it's also one of those situations where every team that has that momentum and they're maybe like on the cusp of a, a special season, it always feels like there's some little funny story that they start rallying around.


Whether it's a slogan, a Dancing Frog. I mean, we've seen it a million times. I would Give 25% credit to George Yang. Yeah. Most wins in the NBA since 2020. Yeah. And he's a, he's, he can hoop minivan. He can hoop though. Yeah, he can Yeah. Plays the right way. Yeah. Plays the right way all the time. Yeah. He can hoop though. Yes. That's kind of surprise I'm reading right now. Jared Allen said, I've been wanting to dance with that frog since I've seen him. So he, he was, and then Froggy the Frog finally showed up. Wait, his Name's Froggy the Frog. Yeah, froggy is here. That's okay. For Froggy is here. Oh, it's a, she, I'm sorry. Froggy is a, she Froggy is here and there are no plans for her to leave anytime soon. Love That City has embraced the Dancing Frog. The see Miss Frog wins Frog. I need to understand. So yeah, this is Miss Froggy Ms. Frogy.


Yeah. And the whole city is just embracing the frog. Love That. I think that's more important than people realize. It's just, it's a, it's a dancing frog. Yeah. Do Vibes have anything to do with a team success? Like if a city is having fun? Sometimes yes. Sometimes though, like, you go, like a place like Miami, the vibes are always gonna be fun. Right. But you don't want it to be too fun. It drains you. Right. I think some of, some of our like sick, sick game days and sick like, you know, a game the night before the games is like Phoenix where you can have some fun, you can have a nice dinner, you can go out to a nice bar, but you're not gonna be out to, you know, four o'clock in the morning, five o'clock in the morning.


It's, yeah, that's a one 30 type of night. But with the same amount of fun, the same adrenaline pumping through your veins, the, the same vibes going through around, you know. But it gets, when you to a place like New York and it's a lot of distractions and you know, hour here, hour there, next thing you know it's time to go to sleep and you're trying to battle with the time of getting rest and not doing things, but keeping routine. I think that's when it becomes a problem then. So I got a dumb question. How often no. Such if you're a player, are you looking at the standings? Are you actually like, okay, where are we at the standings? Is it every day or is it just like we're Playing every five Games? Every five games. You look At it. Yeah. So every five games will kind of tell you, tell you exactly where you at, where you headed at. So if you're the Sixers right now and you look at the standings and you're two and 11, Man.


Unbelievable. Two and 11. Is that right? Max? Can we get a stat check on that? I'll pull it up. 'cause I, I texted to the group last night just to make Max Aware. There're 12 games out of first place and they've only played 13 games. My question to you all, who do you think they need more? Was it Papa? Yeah. Two and one Mb. Paul, Georgia, maxi Max's been out, All three of 'em. I think they need The, the game that they've been, they, they've won. Max's played. Okay. Is the record correct? Max? It's two and 11. That Would be two and 11, correct. Two and 11. That's bad. Yeah. How, at what point in the season are you like, 'cause you've been on some teams that have not been great. Like, are, is there a a moment in the season where you're like, all right, this is kind of what we are.


No. You Keep fighting. Yeah. Yeah. You always keep fighting. Yeah. Right. And I, I've not been, I'm, I haven't been, I haven't been on like A two and 11 team. Oh shit. With the Lakers. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Yeah. That was bad. That was Brutal. What'd you guys end up that year? I don't know. I end up with the Bulls that year. Yeah. Yeah. Hell of a run we made too. Yes. I think we, we, we made a run all the way to losing the playing game. 15 to eight since I was there, or 15 to nine since I was there. Yeah. Do you think Jerry Ryan special lose the playing game? You think The Sixers, they could use a guy like Patrick, Beverly. Any team, right. Any team, you know, and I'm, and I'm just, you know, I'm not, you know, gassing myself, but, you know, my work has been shown in NBA any team spark?


Any team, any team. It's just, I'm, I'm you, you, when you get pat, you adapt my per my personality to the team more than anything. Yeah. Right. So the personality might be, I don't know, game, I don't know, 39 and you're playing in fucking Portland and it's cold and it's fucking gray outside. Right. My competitive spirit go feel like game 39, game two, game three of the playoffs. Yeah. I'm catching vibe. I'm, and it rubs off on you. My, my, my ability to be focused and, and, and, and, and shoot around and treat each game like a, a championship game. Like that shit rubs off on you and next thing you know Yeah. You playing 82 games, but you treating the motherfuckers all like playoff games too.


So the, the energy is different. You know, the the, the competitive spirit. Is there more, you know, when I'm on, when I'm on a, when I'm on a team Yeah. And dude, that's the, the spark. Yeah. Because it's a long season and you see that all the time where teams will just kind of take off nights. They don't take off a night with pap team. Yeah, yeah. I can't, yeah. Yeah. And at the same time, I'm, I'm the player also that's still trying to prove myself. Yeah. So I'm like, okay, fuck it. This guy's not playing. Okay. This is my time to come up and show every motherfucker. Yeah. I can score it. Oh, this guy's not playing. Okay, cool. Let me lock his ass up. So it's always a, a opportunity for me. I always took it as an opportunity to like showcase my talents also. Yeah. Is there one team that, that you watch not being in the NBA right now and you still feel like you root for them more?


Like that was a special team. Bucks the bucks. Yeah. Man, I saw you, you told Giannis make your free throws. Yeah. Coach. Yeah. That's my dog. I just, but they're a short, short time. But like, when, when you go to the Playoffs with a team, right? And you go through not only the playoffs, but like ups and downs with a team, right. And then you go through the playoffs, you go through the ups and downs, then you go through injuries with a team. Right? I mean that's, that's everything you can ask for in sports. Yeah. All summed up in one and to have to, to, to have a chance of that happened all from my time there into the playoffs was it made us, okay, fuck it. No, Giannis. Alright, we gotta get closer. We gotta, we gotta get better. Oh, fuck it. No. Middleton, oh fuck it. We gotta get better.


We gotta get closer. Fuck it. No, Dame. Oh fuck it. We gotta get better. We gotta get closer. It just made you a tight net ass family. Yeah. You know? And, and then, you know, you have those opportunities. The, the playoffs, the, the guy's not healthy. Everyone's rooting against you, you on the road. It, it, it forces a bond that, you know, you don't get from a lot of teams. Yeah. Do You, do you feel, if you're a Pat Bev and you're playing on a team with LeBron or Giannis, do you feel extra pressure being like, I there's a standard that they're playing at that I have to reach? Yeah. Yeah. So it was one time I was with the Lakers and, And we were playing in, we were playing in Boston and I think I, I think I just got a tip dunk or I think I just hit a big, big shot and I'm at the free throw line and I missed a free throw.


And then LeBron gave me a look like, come on man, make your motherfucking free throws like that. Right? And I'm like, oh shit. Like you right. Yeah. Right. But now I take that like, I think I've only missed three free throws this entire year. And I've, I I remember that, that was my motivation to, you know what make your motherfucking free throws. That's the, That's like the definition of greatness is everyone is a great player, lifts everyone else's Game. Right. So now that's me on my team. Yeah. I don't give a fuck, man. I don't give a fuck how many free throws you miss one through three, fourth quarter. Make your fucking free throws. And do, do you have that feeling too, like say you're playing with Giannis where it's not, it's not like Giannis has got us, but I would imagine players play with more confidence knowing Giannis is on your team and not their team.


Yeah. And and then also on the other end, players play with less confidence when you know you gotta go against Giannis. Yeah. Right. You know, and I can make more mistakes. Right. Right. So my mistakes aren't magnified if Giannis is not out there versus when he is out there. Yeah. So I can go for steal. I can take a bullshit ass charge. That ref might call charge because of my name, not because of how my footing was. Yeah. I might take fucked up shot, I might go offensive, rebound when I was supposed to get, you know, Giannis got us. Yeah. LeBron got us. But that comes with greatness also. Yeah. You know, and I'm learning that on other end also now that I'm playing where I'm playing at, like, it's a lot of stuff that my teammates allowed to do that I just can't do. Yeah. You Know, they're looking to you. Yeah. Have you seen Cooper flag play basketball, Football player Basketball?


Never played basketball? No. I haven't seen that. No. Okay. 'cause Handsome white guy, white Boys might be back. Yeah. He might be the number one pick. American white boy. White boys might be back. He's so what A lot has changed since you gone to Israel. Oh, he's from, he's so white. The dude's from Maine, Right. White boys might be Cooper flag. Cooper flag. Yeah. Just Keep your eye out there. Ball. He can hoop. He might be the first white guy drafted number one overall American white guy drafted one. Number one overall since like the Seventies. Yeah. But my thing about that, I, I I like, I I like him. I like him at Duke. I like him. You've never Seen him play? I've never seen him play up close and person, but I've seen highlights. Right. Okay. Okay. He has size. Yeah. Fact. And he has it, it seems like he has some type of toughness.


He's got toughness. And I think, and I think re regardless of what your skill is, is at, if you have size and you have toughness, that's gonna carry you up. You Know, He's so good. He's an, he's an elite white guy that plays at Duke that is not hateable. Yeah. Yet, I mean, it's a long season. It's a, right now he's an easy guy to root for. 'cause he's just so fucking good. Yeah. Yeah.


Pat Bev is being brought to you by our good friends over at Via tour. If you're finding the perfect holiday gift, that can be tough sometimes. Especially one that won't end up in the back of a closet. We've all got tough people to shop for in our lives this holiday season. Do what I'm doing. Give the gift of planning unforgettable experiences with Via tour. With via tour you can book guided tours, activities, excursions and more. They have over 300,000 travel experiences to choose from. So it's easy to find something that everyone on your list will enjoy. Plus they have real traveler reviews. So you can pick the perfect experience with confidence with free cancellation 24 7 customer support. You can gift worry free knowing that plans can change, but great memories they last forever. So skip the predictable presence and make this holiday one to remember with Via tour. Download the Via tour app now. Use code via Tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Find travel experiences for you. You can do more with via tour.


Pep Bev is also brought to you by, Hey dude, I was rocking my hey dudes on Sunday watching NFL football was wearing 'em around the house this morning. Hey dudes are the best shoes I love wearing them. Did you know they also make boots? They bring the same comfort and style that you love now in a boot designed for colder weather and rugged days out. Hey dude makes boots that are every bit as comfortable as their classic shoes, giving you that lightweight, easy, feel perfect for any adventure indoors or out. Can we hit up? Hey dudes, I would love to get some of these boots. Can we make that happen? Yep. Love their shoes. I love their shoes. They are the best. I'm telling you, if I have to take the dog out for a walk, I put my hey dudes on. If I'm going around the house, Hey dudes, if I'm lounging all day in the gambling cave, I'm wearing my hey dudes. And their boots are ridiculously light, unbelievably comfortable built for any occasion indoors or out. Hey dude, boots are made to keep up with your style and lifestyle from outdoor trails to city streets. Hey dude, boots are available in cozy materials, durable fa fabrics and versatile colors to find the perfect pair for every look. Find your next favorite pair of boots on Hey dude.com.


Now more Pat Bev Who Had the most toughness that you ever played with. The most toughness Where you're like, damn, even because you're considered obviously a tough player. Yeah. But you see, you play with someone or play against someone and you're like, damn. Even even I feel come like a wimp compared to this person, Russ. Yeah. That motherfucker tough. He don't die. Yeah. Yeah. He just keep coming at you. Don't just, I don't give a fuck. Fuck are we down? We are up. I don't give fuck what's going on? I'm gonna just keep coming at you. Keep coming at you. Like Russ easy. Yeah. Unbelievable toughness. I I I see that. Yeah. Did did you ever have a teammate that was that tough? That was like, you know, like respect you two kind of went at it?


See who could be the toughest guy on your own team? Who was gonna be the tough guy? No. Uhuh. No, because it's always you. No. Yeah. And, and like I get on the team with me and Bobby and then, but I'm older, so it's like Bobby understand that I went to Arkansas before him. I've, you know, I've, I've pave the way, you know, before him. So it's always a respect thing. And I'm coming. I'm, you gotta think when I'm on the team, I'm not coming like, Hey man, gimme the motherfucking ball. I wanna shoot it. You know, like, yeah, nah, I'm not coming like that. I'm coming more like, hey, you know, if we swing that around a couple more times, you get that same shot wide open type shit. Yeah. You know, so like, it's just, it's just different. Yeah. You were talking about Giannis earlier. You do a, a pretty funny impression of Giannis. Yeah. Agreed. Like the first time that he told you like, I wanna play with you one day. Yeah. Can you just, can you tell that story?


No. So I, we're, we're home, we're playing Milwaukee and I'm with Minnesota and how the Western conference and the Eastern conference work that you don't really get to see Eastern Conference Home a lot. It's just one home, one away. So I think we seen them in the first game of the season and obviously, you know, we seen them in Milwaukee. So you know, you wanna play em while you're at home. You know, you, you, you, you, you practice pre-game thinking. It's Giannis. You, you, you, you take your nap. You okay, cool. I, as you thinking it's Gianni, you get to the game. I don't see any Giannis.


I'm fucking frustrated now. I'm a I'm actually angry now. Yeah. I don't think, I think I got kicked outta that game. I think I've only played that game, that same game that we're talking about. I think I only played two minutes. I think I shoved the guy and they kicked me out literally. So we working out pre-game, I don't know, 60 on, I don't know, 70 on the clock, you know, before the game starts. And I see Giannis is a late scratch. I go, man, what the fuck man? I wanted to play him. I go out, I see Theas, shout out to Theas. His, his older brother and his older brother's always been a fan of me, obviously because I played in Greek when they were, you know, around there at the same time.


So he's always in, you know, been a fan of, you know, my upbringing and how I started from Greek. So I see him and I'm like, yo, where the fuck your brother at? Why the fuck he ducking smoke? He laugh at me like, nah, nah man, he in the back. He in the back. I, nah, fuck that man. Tell his ass to play. So I finished, I, I started my workout. I look up, I see GRE coming out the tunnel. Okay for sure. He about to come over here. He go, excuse me guys. Excuse me guys. Excuse me guys. Like, you gotta understand this is like, this is Greek freak. Yeah. This isn't like, I don't know Grayson Allen or somebody.


Yeah. You know, this is Greek freak walking through another professional's individual shooting time with other NBA coaches stopping, excuse me guys. Excuse me. Like stopping everything. Like, like Pat never duck smoke. I never duck smoke. I, I never, never, I duck smoke, you know what I'm saying? So yeah, shout out to Greek man. That was the first time. I'm like, oh yeah, this motherfucker the real deal. Yeah. Motherfucker. The real deal. He's, he also is like, he's, I feel like he, because of the injuries and how everything's gone down the couple last couple years, people have kind of forgotten him. Yeah. Like how great he Is. Yeah. I, I don't think forgotten. I think that, you know, when you don't win it, you get hurt. You don't win it. I don't know. You win it. Yeah. You win it while you hurt.


You know, you, you fucked this shit up, you know, early that, that, that playoffs come back, give him motherfucker 60. I think they're looking for that person all the time now. Right. Since they got a since that happened, you know, and I don't think that's fair to the player. Yeah. That was a legendary run. He went on that finals just absolutely dominant. And then afterwards he goes to Chick-fil-A and orders 50 chicken nuggets and Sam, yeah. See, yeah. 53. Just a regular dude. What was your favorite memory of being teammates? Is Robin Lopez? Robin Lopez? I wasn't teammates with Robin Lopez. You, he tweeted last year. February 8th, 2024. This is when you the trade deadline. I enjoy being teammates with Patrick Beverly for all of an hour and a 45 minutes. I'll never forget those times. He, he is Greg too. Him and Brooke were great.


You were teammates For four were an hour and 45 Minutes. Yeah. I don't think I we even shook hands. No, there's no way. No way. You Didn't show up that. No, no way. Uhuh. He's great though. Family. Great play forever. That family is great man. Mom is great. Family is Great. Brooke went off the other night, didn't he? What did he hit? He went five for five from three. And I think he had had the Magic Johnson up and underlay up too. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They're still dominating. Hey, I have a teammate question though. For real? Yeah. Be ball Paul. Paul Reed. Yeah. Is he As cool as I've made it out in my head. Okay. Will you, will you say cool. I mean he just, his nickname's be Ball Paul. Right. That's it. I got a question. When you, when you see, when you, when you look at a person like Paul Reed, what do you instantly see?


Well it's not looking at him. It's the fact that he's B ball Paul and they chant B ball Paul. And that's like the funniest nickname possible Frank. The tank vibe. Yeah. Right. B Ball Paul. Like that's a funny kind of like the frog in Cleveland. Yeah. That's the fan experience. Yeah. I mean you tell Max B ball Paul, I mean he's, he hustles I love B Ball Paul. He's not on the Sixers anymore, but you know, he's a guy who came from the G League Out the mud, Out the mud, out the mud. The out the mud sweatshirts are are fun, are funny and cool that he would make his own merch and sell it himself. Yeah, He would. That was the other thing. Yeah. You would, you'd have to just Venmo him. Yeah, I Venmo him for a shirt. Did you get it? He didn't have a store. Yeah, he sent me out, out the mud. Yeah, Yeah.


No, he is like a good success story, you know, fought for what he got and he was a good player and I hope he did well Dog. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Be ball Paul. I mean don't you can't just throw dog on everybody. I Think B ball. Paul's a dog. A dog? Yeah. What kind? That's difference. I like, I have a Yorkie. Yeah, I know you have a little, little, you have almost a cat. Yeah. He might be like a, A golden retriever. Yeah, Just like lovable right? Yeah, right Type. Yeah. You like when he's around love When he is around. Yeah. He's a golden retriever. And then also like he's very lovable also. Maybe his like saved the kid out of a well or something Type shit. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. He's had one like great moment, right.


Where you're like, damn, he had the dog that got The key to the city for having a great week. Yeah. Yeah. And then fell in the well Yeah. Had to get helped out. Yeah. Right, right, right. We're on the same page. Yeah. So You were talking, you were talking about Maxie earlier. Hank just sent this over to us here. There's a, that the Sixers held a team meeting last night and Tyrese Maxey called out Joel Embiid for being late quote to all team activities and everything. Saying everything and everything all Is period. All team activities and everything. So that implies everything is everything. Even not team activities. Every, he's been, he's just late on everything. He's just late to everything. Damn. And he cites how that impacts the locker room, other players and coaches.


Does being late ha does that make an effect on, on the general climate of an NBA team? I Think on any team, I think in any workspace also. Right. I've always liked to be, I don't know, seven, eight minutes early before anything. Well Let's be honest here. We came record at 11. What? Nope, we record. Was it 10 30? Well we Record at 11. What time did you walk in? 12 minutes before we recorded. We ca you walked in at 10 41. The 19 minutes before we record. Okay. Okay. Okay. So I'm actually on time. Okay. Okay. But far as basketball though, I'm the guy that's like, you know, I like to be on the bus first.


I like to be in the weight room first. I like to be ready like that. You're not on time. It can rub off some people, but if you not on time and you give motherfucking 70. Yeah. Right. It is been times with Joel and B one on time, no time to motherfucking to practice. And you know mean I, come on Joe, man, what's up G? Come on man. Come on Joe. Come on Joe. Be better Joe Be great. Joe be great. And then his response to be like, what the fuck man, you gimme me out the fucking bed. I'm fucking an hour and a half away. I mean I have to get up two hours, you know, before 'cause everyone doesn't live at the same spots. Right. You know what I'm saying? So like what we go do, gimme a motherfuck ball that same night he had 50 And we won.


Yeah. You know, I think we were 21 to nine the first 30 games, like the best record since 2004 Allen Iversson when I was with Philly. So it's just surprising to see, especially 'cause all the hard work that Nick Nursing is, is coaches had put in just, it's hard to see How many, how many. An hour And a half is a long way to, to drive to travel. That's Brandon Walker does day Before nine. Before nine o'clock film. Yeah. Which means you gotta get up at seven. And I'm saying, I ain't saying that. You know, obviously like we, we have different jobs there. Motherfuckers is getting up at six o'clock in the morning, so everyone's different. But you know, I, if you were to start, I, I don't have a problem with it and I'm the role guy and I'm the like the, the, the, the the, you know, the temperature of the locker room. You feel me? Like I know you're not doing it to be ultimately disrespectful.


I know you don't show up to games late. You know, I know you don't show up to practice this late, like, you know, but if you got at nine o'clock in the morning, shoot around and you gotta get up, you know, two hours before I, you know. Yeah. I don't think that's fair. Also, you know, so it's just, it's just different strokes, different Folks and Tyrese is someone But if that was B ball Paul Yeah. It wouldn't be. Nah, that's not even a conversation. That's not a Con. Yeah. You Can't even be fucking late. Yeah, right. You can't, you can't be late. Right. But you know, it's, it's, it's, it's it, you know, it comes with the, you know, it comes with the status Also. Is there such a thing as too many team player only meetings? No, I I think we need to have more. No, this Wasn't a player only meeting. Oh Fact check. What was it? It says was coaches. Coaches were also involved In the meeting team. Meeting coaches Were in front of his, in front of his coaches.


I Mean I'm just, you were giving false information. I wanted to make Sure the question about players only meetings I actually wasn't giving but It was in context. No, but I wasn't giving false information because I said is there such thing as too many players only meetings? Who, that's a fair question. Right. Wait, also, players also asked the coaches to be coached harder. Oh, okay. So it also says that he was late to all team activities and everything. Also implying that Joel Embiid was late to players only meetings. That's part of Everything. Yeah. He would've been. Yeah. But I don't think it was a player that was only meeting that early before then anyway. So What's the, what's the earliest player's only meeting that you Took? Sound like this one. Yeah, But it wasn't, max is saying it wasn't what, when a player's only meeting, is there too many though? Like can you have too many?


Because we see it every now and then where it's like they've had their third players only meeting in the last month. That feels like too many. Yeah. But see you gotta understand what goes on. Like a player only meeting this motherfucker. Get in there. You, hey, so what the fuck going on? What we gonna do? It's not really formal. You kick out the coaches. Do you say Coaches Get outta here? Yes. I like that Part. Right? Like, like yes, y'all get the fuck out. Like let's talk straight up. Or you bring a coach in who's like the player's coach who's cool that can kind of give you information of what the coach, the audience, but also can take information like this is the player of style also play in the, the middle. Yeah. Yeah. To kind of mesh it together. 'cause 'cause you don't wanna be in there having a meeting the whole time you get outta a meeting, you like, oh man, that's, you know.


Yeah. Coaches, they on that same whole different page than we on. I like, okay, cool. Let's all get organized. We got a new player and they don't know it. Yeah. We, we got this going on, man. You feel me? Like I feel like I, I feel like, you feel me, I'm, I'm shooting the ball a lot. I feel like I can get, I can get better shots. What can I do to make a team better? What can I do to help you? What can I do to help you? And then I go like, okay, cool. Fuck all that. Let's just talk about roles. Like that's, you tell me your role, I tell you my role And we just go all the way down and then you'll, you'll hear some people roles and, and then you'll be like, okay, y'all agree with that? And some guys will be like, nah, I don't think that's your role, but that helps you though. Right. Right. That helps you. Okay, cool. In my mind, I thought my role was screen, screen screen roll, roll, roll.


Whole time. This guy wants, the star player wants my role to no pop and shoot all the time. Right. I might've thought my role was to shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot. No, my role is not to shoot. My role is to offensive rebound block shots and take charges. Yeah. I might think my role is, okay cool. I'm the leader of this team. No, no, no, no, no. You're the energy guy of this team. You're the guy that makes sure we had energy. So getting roles with, with with your players, with your, you know, with, with, with those guys first. Kind of like, okay, cool. It gets you a a a different perspective. You know? And I think that helps more than anything. Yeah. It gives You clarity. Like what, what, what you actually should be doing to make the rest of the team better type shit based on what they want from you. Yeah. And then you'll say shit like, Hey bro. Yeah, okay. I feel that. I feel that the role to score, but I you wanna score that bitch like that.


You gotta show us you're a pro too, bro. You, you gotta be on time. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Like everybody got shit to do. Yeah. Right. I remember one time I think why walked in late, right? And there's very few times where Kua kind of walked in late, but I think something happened. He, he walked in late. He was standing in San Diego, I don't know, helicopter was late type shit. Right. I go, I go kua like hey, I know shit happened but we all got shit to do. Right. We all pros, we all millionaires. Shit. Most of all, all us got kids. Like I understand like we sitting here waiting on you. That's not 30 minutes at the end of practice that I could be on my way home to my son or some shit. Right. Like I ain't telling you what to do.


Just respect the grind. Right. You get, you tell a motherfucker that straight up motherfucker gotta do what? Respect it. Like man, you know what, you right bro. I can be better. Yeah. And then that helps you too. Yeah. I can be fucking better all, you know. So like, I think any type of meeting, any type of, you know, any type of discussion about, I don't know, getting better. I think that's always Yeah. Perfect medicine. Who is the best player in the NBA right now? Yoki. Yeah. That was the correct answer. All right. You still know ball? Yeah. Good job. Yeah, He is. Yo, He seems like he'd be fun to play with too. Yeah. He's just spreads it everywhere. Makes everyone better. Plays the right way. Yeah. Plays the right way. He just, every time he has the ball, it's like the gravity towards him just keeps it, gets everyone open it.


It's nuts. Watching him play. I, I had a, I don't know, I think this was the bubble year, 2020 out. We about to play Denver and I'm watching him work out and it's one of the Denver coaches, I don't even know his fucking name. Assistant guy. I go, it's two things that make him great. I go to the coach, what do you think it is? And the options in my head was the, his passing ability or his feel for the ball. Right. You know, a coach goes a coach that's probably never played NBA basketball goals. Oh the way he can pass it. Yeah. It's a lot of motherfuckers that can pass though. And I honestly think it's his feeling for the ball.


Right. I know a ton of motherfuckers that can pass, but like a one second pass is worse than a 0.3 pass. I get it. Literally like in your hand out your hand to the next guy. Like the defense can't even rotate then getting it. Same pass. But defense is contesting the shot. Like his, his feel for the game, his feel for the ball I think is one of his best attributes. It's like the difference in football of like throwing someone open where it's like you're throwing the ball before they're open type shit and they get open as the ball gets there. Right. Type shit. Yoko's just doing that where he knows it, where every eats. It's almost like he's playing chess on the court where it's like, I know where this guy's about to cut to the ball will be there. Look Here pass here, look here, pass here.


Like, because you Can't defend against that. You can't. And he's so, he's so tall and so a rather large man that it makes it very difficult. Yeah. I love it when he, he puts the ball above his head. It's like he's going towards the hoop ball above his head and then he just throws it backwards. Yeah. But it's like one of the fastest passes that you've ever seen and it's shooting, whips it backwards. So got it's Open and it's, it's shooting it, it's where he shoots also. Yeah. So you have to not only, oh, what you doing with the ball up there? All shit. He might shoot this motherfucker. So he gives, he gives you, he gives you a triple threat of, you know, usually you, you're taught triple threat. You talked the ball down here, you ha jab ha ha ha ha triple threat. He's giving you triple threat here where he can pass and he can shoot. So it's even more deadly. And who do you know defend?


What big man, you know that can defend up here. Yeah. Eyes up here. Boom. One, one dribble. He's gone. Yeah's possible. Yeah. So he's really good. You Mentioned something earlier, I wanted to talk about your, your pre-game nap. Yeah. So it sounds like that's something that you take, you take seriously Very serious. Yeah. So what's your nap schedule before A game? So I go, so, so everything is different for me. I don't talk a lot. Right. I'm all about preserving energy. Right. So I don't, I don't talk a lot. Right. I don't really break a lot of huddles. Game day. I don't really speak a lot. I'm just preserving a lot of energy. So I wake up obviously shower a little cold first just to wake me up, go hot after that. Go to shoot around, you know, I want a sweat, but I don't want like a drippy sweat.


I want a nice lather, Not a drippy sweat. I like that. You feel me? I don't want a drippy sweat. I know Exactly I'm missed. Right, right, right. I want to just be able to rub you wanna club and just be okay cool. I don't wanna rub and have to like, damn, this shit's getting in my eye. Yeah. You know, so I, I just, as soon as I get there I'm cool. I'm 36 so I know my body. Like soon as I get there I'm cool. I don't eat breakfast. I only eat once a day. My, my meal that I eat every single day for, I don't know, the last nine years has been any type of mixed pasta cream and tomato sauce with any type of protein. Chicken, fish, steak. Right. I eat, I don't know, I feast eat a big ass bowl of that shit. Whatever I'm watching on TV now it's the diplomats mixed with the little sopranos.


I pick off where I left off. Not on the tv 'cause I can't watch it on tv. I, it has to be my phone because when I go to sleep, I, you know, my phone goes to sleep. It turns off on its own. I, I don't have to hear shit that might wake me up of a gunshot or just watching the Sopranos. So I can't watch it on tv. Only has to be my phone. So Okay. I cool. I'm watching it. Cool, cool. I, I go to sleep. I let my body do what it does. If it sleeps for three hours, sleep for three hours. If it's tossing and turning, toss and turn. If it's, you Don't set an alarm. No. Uhuh, my body kind of does the same thing every time. Okay. That's a good nap. Three hours is a, that's significant. So I go, I go, i, I I come home, I eat while I'm eating. I'm taking my mind off basketball. So I'm playing, I don't know, call of duty. I'm in fucking war right now.


I'm, I'm a soldier. Right, right, right. Pre-game, I'm a soldier. I don't know, one 30 hit. I probably have to be at the gym at 5 30, 5 o'clock, one 30 hit I'm, I'm making my way to my bed slowly. Okay, cool. I'm tearing off the lights, I'm pissing to make sure I don't have to get up for anything, you know, and I just, after that, I just kinda let my body do what it does. If its sleep for two hours to sleep for two hours. If it's a hour here, 30 minutes here, 20 minutes here, I kind of let it do its thing. Have you Ever overslept by Accident? No. Okay. Yeah. So the internal alarm clock Wakes you up. And I'm a big iron, like I iron before every game You Iron myself like I love ironing. I found, what do you iron? I found that out, I don't know, three years ago. You just love ironing. I literally iron. It was ironing this today. It is Actually like a therapeutic thing when you get the whole Irony board out.


So I'm the whole irony board. Every hotel I have to have it and I, I didn't know I I did it until like three years until someone I'm on the phone with like, oh, there you go iron again. I'm like iron again. What do you mean I'm ironing? I thought about like, damn I am, I'm literally ironing every fucking day. Do you iron shit there In the, do you iron shit that you're not gonna wear that day? No. Uhuh just what you're gonna wear on the walk into the gym. Yep. That's awesome. So you take, then you take your nap. You think a lot of players take naps? A lot of people do, but then I, I heard the older that you get guys start like talk wing and shit. So I think Steph Curry does like golf before, you know, just to take his mind off. He got think he go shoot some holes and go from there Right. To the gym type shit. Some guys have to have naps, you know, like have to have, they don't have naps.


You know, you don't play well, some guys don't sleep. You ever dream about the game? Not game, but like opponent. But it, it'd be crazy. So you're Doing film Study? Yeah. But it won't even be like, it'd be like a guy like my fucking Shabazz Napier or some shit Raul Netto or some shit. Yeah. Like man, I can't let him, I can't let him get off. I can't let like it, it ain't even about like Russ Dame or like Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's always like, oh it's okay. Fuck it man, Peyton preacher. I can't let him get off type shit. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So that's, that's how it is. If it's, if it is a dream. Yeah. I Love that they're going into the game and they have no idea that Pat Bev's been literally dreaming about shutting them down.


Yeah. And it's, and it's literally the same way while I'm in Europe. Also, it's a guy that I'm like, could you guys just give me numbers? 'cause I know I don't know names. Right, right. You know what I'm saying? Like I know all NBA names. Just give me numbers. What does number six do? What does number 95 do? What does number 54 do? And they have wild numbers. I don't know why they numbers 77 and shit like that, but it's like that overseas where it's just like, okay. I just, just, I just need to refer to people by numbers 'cause I don't know names. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, pat, I got one last question. Yeah. Rollback question. Are You, are you guys coming to Tel Aviv? Probably not. Yeah. Okay. Rollback question, Is that within five hours? No. Within, I don't know, five years? Mm Mm No, but I mean like how long does it take to get there?


Tel Aviv? Yeah, from, From Chicago. So I gotta go here. New York, which is two and a half. Yeah. 3, 2, 2 4. When you talk about like getting to the airport Type shit. Right. And then I go 12 hours straight flight. Probably not. Nope. Probably not gonna do that. Ah, Alright. Rollback question. Good luck. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. We'll be rooting for You. I'm talking about the Israeli culture and community loves me to death. Yeah. We we're Rooting for you. I have people that walk up to me in airport like, thank you for all you're doing for Israel. In my mind I'm like, I'm just speaking on playing basketball. Yeah. I'm just speaking on what I experienced. Yeah. Yeah.


Alright. Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs, polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


So the Celtics won last year. Did you see Hank on the float with Joe Missoula? He went on the parade. He went on the parade. He was on the duck boat. You said Hank. Yeah, Hank right there sitting right there. Producer. Pardon My Take Future dunker. One of our best friends known him for almost half his life. No, Hank was on the float with Joe Missoula. Grace Day, my life. I asked that. Yeah. Grace Day, his life. I asked that because hypothetically if you were to ever win a title, Ron is there a hundred percent. Oh No, I was gonna ask for Hank. No, it was gonna be Ron. Yeah. Yeah. Ron. Would Ron be on the on the, on the, on the float or wherever with You Ron Ronan's at my wedding.


Okay, great. So I just wanna make sure, 'cause I love r too. I wanted to make sure he get he, he will be able to live the, the day like Hank lived. That's my nigga of Ronan. Okay. Like for like, you guys have no idea. You guys probably having an idea of, yeah, We have an idea. He stole him from us. Who's The man? He's the best. He's actually phenomenal. A phenomenal person first. A phenomenal husband. Second And he's insanely talented. I I, I've been around a ton of guys where it's either, either or they're really good and they're shitty husband. It is very rare that you get both phenomenal guy in both of those aspects. Talent wise. It's something that gives me Jim Carrey vibes. Yeah. He can do anything.


Do You know what it is? Anything? It's it's also how effortless it is. Yeah. Not forced Because like I feel like I have to like work really hard. Yeah. To, to be entertaining. He feels like he could, you could throw him, I always said this about Rowan two. You could throw him in any setting Situation. Any situation, Any setting, any person. Yeah, I agree. And he'll have a conversation that easy. You wanna listen to President of the United States suited up wrong. Gonna be there. Yeah. Black dude in the hood wrong. Gonna be there. Yeah. A Mexican don't even know how to speak English. Yep. Come on wrong. Gonna be there. It's wild. It's crazy. It's, we put him on football, he gonna be there, put him on basketball. He gonna be there. Yeah. Son of a boy. Dad on fucking couch with his legs crossed. He's gonna be there Fucking pat. Be pie with wrong. Yeah. We talking about yeah.


Gangster shit. And who fucking better White guys are black guys. Wrong gonna be, there's, he's absolutely phenomenal. He'll be on that parade. What Was the answer to that? Que who's better? White guys are black guys. Remember? Cooper? Flagg. Yoki. I think. I think that's a difference. European is very different. Why European? You're white. I know, but you European, you're the whitest, outranks. Both white and black. A woman who gets a European, she thinks she's one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, You get a last name with a itch or some Italian. Some Italian name. Yeah. I think that woman for sure thinks she won A hundred percent. Yeah. They are different. I mean that, that whole region with Luca Yoki. Oh mind you, it's, it's, it's, I don't know, seven, eight countries.


Mind you, if it was just Yugoslavia, it was. Yeah. Mind you, they Would be dominating everything. It'd be people who won't make the team. I know. Yeah. Who like super talented. That's why they Subdivided. Yeah. Was they had too much talent either Bad for basketball. Yeah. Yeah. Or like Yukon Women's Hoop had to break it up. Crazy Smoke. Alright Pat, everyone go subscribe to Pat Bev pod please. What? Wrong? He's the best. Good luck for the rest of this season. Maybe. Hopefully we'll see you back in the NBA at Some point. Yeah, we'll we'll see. Yeah. Alright. Thanks Pat. Love guy. Thanks man.


Patrick Beverly was brought to you by Uber Eats it's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Enjoy buy one, get one free famous bowls from KFC only on Uber Eats. Fellas, I've been on a hot streak. I have not ordered food to the wrong location and I believe three weeks now and it's because I'm full-time. Uber Eats. Uber Eats lets me know if I'm not in the same location. I love Uber Eats for that reason. I had Ramen last night this week getting that buy one get one free famous bowl from KFC and if you're craving even more, they've got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more all season long. Uber Eats the official on demand food delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms. Taxes and fees apply. See the app for details.


Pat Bev was also brought to you by Duke Cannon. Maybe you've seen Duke Canon products in Target. Walmart, your local hardware store. If not, let me introduce you. Duke Cannon makes a variety of men's grooming goods. They got the big ass bricks of soap, thick body wash, beard care stuff, colognes and hair wash. They also donate money to veterans each year through the Duke Cannon Veterans Fund. Simply they give a damn and their products work hard. They smell terrific. Most of the year I'm a saw tooth thick body washed guy. The thick is one of the best scents. Then in the fall, I like to switch up to their buffalo tray soaps. But during the holiday season, which pretty much here, I put their big ass lump of coal soap on my wishlist. It's a holiday classic like diehard Shop now@dukecannon.com. Amazon and Target are at Walmart. They're everywhere. Go forth and save up to 20% on mul Tide soap bundles and gift sets. The products, the packaging. You won't find better gifts for the men on your list this year. Check it out. Duke canon duke canon.com.


Okay, let's wrap up. We got Pardon? Your take Henry? Yeah, we do. Yeah, we do. Yeah, We do. Aaron Rogers is dismantling the Jets organization in retaliation against the Covid vaccine. This is all Aaron Rogers plan to get back at Big Pharma by the whole Wood Johnson Team from the ground up, sticking it to the man and destroying the franchise. Yeah, I like Woody Johnson. He he did that. The one shot thing Aaron Rogers gets traded to them tanks, their value. I got a question for you guys. Did you know that there's like boosters for Covid? I did know that. I Didn't Stop it. Yeah, you knew that. I, I got one shot four years ago and that's it.


You Didn't know that they, I knew that they Release Shots every like six Months. That's the whole Steven Chase show. I knew Steven say had shots. I thought there was like a new, I didn't know it was like the flu shot now. I thought it was like a new, like a whole new brand. I didn't know it was like seasonal boosters. Yeah. I mean every, that's crazy. Like Travis Kelsey, John Legend, they're talking about getting the new, I thought That was a whole new shot. Well, yeah, it kind of is. Yeah. Yeah. I know, but I I didn't realize that like a flu, like you get the flu shot and then you get the Covid booster. Yeah, The booster. I've only got one Mincy Boosts. Yeah, I didn't have you guys got any boosters? Fuck no. I got one I think six months after Pusy. After the first one came out. I got one because you had to get the card to like Live.


Yeah, I got that one. The Johnson Johnson one was like the weakest one. It was the one shot. There was no follow up. That was like four years ago. I didn't know that people were doing every single like season. They were like, like that's why I Got Covid. I think. I think old people. Yeah. I think it's good for old people. That makes, and Steven Chase and Steven Chase. Yeah. I'm also wondering, the person who does these, pardon? Your takes is memes. I'm wondering if they're all gonna be jets. Pardon? Your Takes. Oh, that would be a nice wrinkle. That would Be nice. Wait, wait. Means, was that your idea that Aaron Rogers tanked the Jets because he hates Woody Johnson? No, Somebody wrote that In. Okay. What do you, what are your thoughts about that? It's believable. It is. I'm dead. I I have no, yeah, I guess I'm, I'm just an idiot because I thought I didn't realize boosters.


I don't know what I thought. I thought it was just a whole new brand new vaccine. But I guess that makes no sense. Yeah. I'm dumb. If You were to ask Aaron Rogers if he tanked the, the Jets because of Woody Johnson, what do you think his answer would be? Yes, I think so. Yeah, For sure. Pardon your take, but if your team's biggest rival doesn't consider you to be their biggest rival, you are Little brother. Yeah. Example, if you ask a Michigan State fan who the biggest rival is. Yeah. They say Michigan. No question. If you ask anyone in Michigan, they're going to unequivocally respondent OSU is enemy number one. This exists in all sports everywhere. Sixers, Fanta, the Celtics. Celtics have a historical rival with the Lakers. Verbal meme. Mad Men. I don't think about you at all. Yeah, no. This is all Facts and it sucks being that little brother.


Yeah. Hank, Have you tweeted about the Sixers at all today? Yeah. So you do think about that. So you Do think about that. Well, it's 'cause Hank hosted t Sports podcast didn't, so it's his job. And sometimes In regional I'm reading the fucking question, dude. That was, those weren't my words. I was quoting the person writing. That's big time Little Brother Energy you giving off Max. That's fair. I I was quoting I am, I was reading the question that was, that was not me saying that. Who's the, who's the Saddest one? I think about you guys all the time and laugh who's like, when I, when I need to get a smile on my face or when I need to just, you know, get a quick boost of serotonin. Just think about the Sixers, The saddest little brother NC State. That sucks. Yeah, because you got Duke and UNC just duking it out and they're like, Hey, we don't like UNC, we don't like Duke Wake Forest is kind of in that spot Too.


Yeah. But I don't think that they, They're even farther away. They wouldn't consider themselves to be little brother to anybody. Tobacco Road though. Yeah. Michigan State's a high one. I would, I would agree with that. Yeah. Michigan State's a big one. Commanders. Yeah. Anyone. Commanders Dallas. Yeah. Anyone who, anyone who thinks they're a rival with Notre Dame. Like Notre Dame has a million rivals. Purdue Likee would probably be like, yeah, Notre Dame's are big rival. Yeah. Like the only ones I really think for Notre Dame is like USC and I mean they don't play it anymore, but Michigan, Notre Dame Was, I feel like Tennessee has a bunch that they don't have anyone that says, well, Tennessee has Alabama. Alabama could, that's a little brother move by Tennessee. Right. Like Tennessee does. I feel like there's a few with Tennessee where no one says Tennessee's their main rival, but they have like three.


Yeah, I Think Kentucky would probably say that. Tennessee's biggest rival, right? Yeah. And then Tennessee Little Little Brothers Vanderbilt. But yeah, that, that's a good one. Tennessee, Alabama, and Alabama's like, no, it's Auburn and it's kind of LSU too. I I would say the Mets are probably up there too. For Who? Yankees. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, Did you say Kentucky and Tennessee? I Think that, yeah, When Kentucky has Louis. Yeah, me meme said Kentucky has Louis. Yeah, Kentucky has Louisville. That's their big rival. What about football though? Also Louisville. Oh, you think that they care more about Yes. Even though they're not in conference. Definitely They play every year. Yeah. What little slander on a friend of the show here?


What? But I'm meme sense of questions. I'll read 'em. Okay. It's A hot one. When JJ Watt retired people were having discussions about him being a first ballot hall of famer, which is absolute nonsense. What's, he's not even on the top 20 for career sacks. Meanwhile, what Jared Allen is number 12 on that list and has still not gotten in. I'm honestly not sure if Watt should ever be a hall of Famer. Just thought someone should bring awareness to this issue. Okay. So I love, I love the take. Yeah, Listen, it's a take, it's a fair, like this is, pardon your take. You bring the Spiciest takes. I would say that JJ Watts, how many defensive player of the year awards does he have? He won two, two in, three in four years.


Three in four years. And he probably should have had an MVP somewhere in there. So JJ Watt from 2012 to 2014 was probably the best one of, if not the best defensive players, probably Lawrence Taylor's obviously number one, but I mean, Aaron Foster was the best offensive player for a few years stretch too. And he should be in the Hall of fame too. I agree. Hank, So he had 20 and a half sacks, 10 and a half sacks, 20 and a half sacks. 17 and a half sacks in those four years. That's an insane, insane clip. 67 and a half sacks, or 68 sacks in four years. This guy's an idiot and He, he was dominant and he was scoring offensive touchdowns too.


Yeah. Jj, why if you look at the other guys that are eligible for the Hall of Fame, I will give you, Jared Allen probably should be in the Hall of Fame. He should, but I, I think the Hall of Fame, obviously you can go off career, but there's like, I mean it's a, it's a Rell Davis thing. Like he wasn't, his career wasn't super long, but the three or four year stretch where he was just so much better than everyone else. Jared Allen, he did not win a defensive player of the year. So you could never say he was by far the best defender. I I do think Jared Allen should be in the Hall of Fame, but his, he did have 22 sacks in 2011. But yeah, I mean that he had a nice four year stretch as well. Five year stretch.


Jared Allen should be in the Hall of Fame. Yeah. That doesn't mean JJ Watt shouldn't Be. Yeah. So JJ Watt was so dominant in the, like a relatively short career. It's not like he only played a couple years and like burned out. He had a good career, but he was also so good in that short time period that he ended up putting up all time numbers in a lot of categories. Yeah. He, he and, and he was like double teamed constantly. He was injured for four of his 12 years, so he pretty much played eight years. Jared Allen played 12 years. He was injured. He, he played 16, like more than 14 games pretty much every single year that he was in the NFL.


So he, he played more games. I think he gotta go by games as well. 187 to 151. I don't know, I now, I gotta crunch number sax per game Because if JJ wat I get in a first ballot hall of famer, then I, I honestly would have no idea who a first ballot hall of famer would be. Agree. And we, we all agree that Jared Allen should be in the Hall of Fame, so don't take it away from JJ just because you want Jared Allen in. Alright, I'm doing the stats real quick. You ready for this Sax per game? Yeah, I'm doing it. JJ Watt, remember this number. Wait, is that right? No. Remember this number? Mm, fuck.


I can't do math. Aaron Foster would be in the hall of fame if he wasn't an atheist. I wanna say that for the record. Point seven five sacks per Game. Wasn't that science book? Yeah, the science book that made him retire 0.75 sacks per game for JJ Watt. I'm not saying that he's being discriminated. I'm saying that he made a bad move by being like, Hey guys, I'm an atheist Point. Ask anything. Point seven two STA sacks per game for Jared Allen. Jared Allen was really, really good. So JJ Watt had 0.03 more sax per game. Yeah. Got it. I'm happy we did that number. Also, not to get too granular with it, but he played on some bad Texans teams. He did that weren't exactly having to pin their ears back and rush the passer the second half of a lot of games.


Why Don't we just flip this into a positive. We'll just become a Jared Allen should be in the Hall of Fame podcast. Yeah, he should. I had, he also, I made one of the least sold knew shirts I've ever made in my entire bars full career. I made a shirt that said Win Dynam 69 and when we signed, I thought he was the, the finishing piece for the Bears second year. ResMan Allen. He's gonna do this. Holy shit, he's gonna be awesome. Also The fact, and people didn't really wanna wear a shirt that said Windum Dham 69. The fact That he bounced around so much is is not good for his Hall of fame case either. Yeah. I mean I think obviously Vikings is the first Jersey you come up with, but Chiefs Vikings and then at the end of his career.


Yep. Alright. While most people watch my cowboys get dismantled, like a cheap tent on Monday night Football, all I can think about is how our beloved owner, Mr. Jerry Jones, actively attempted to murder multiple people with a piece of sheet metal under Section 15.01 of the Texas penal code. I like this. Attempted murder carries a charge of up to 10 years in prison. It's time we stop letting the elites off the hook and hold 'em accountable for their actions. If you guys could get Mike Portnoy Squire to begin proceedings, that would be greatly appreciated. Class action. I mean, he got Mike Tyson who couldn't even like stand up illegally commissioned fight in Texas. Like this guy's Untouchable. He's tried to kill multiple people. Yeah, he took the top off in mid-November in Dallas.


He could kill somebody. Somebody's going to die. Still wouldn't Go to prison. No. Yeah, he would not go to prison. He would, yeah. Or he would build his own prison like Pablo Escobar and be like, just send me here. Just It would just, he would be Jerry. Jerry. Yeah. He live in the stadium. Yeah. That is, that is the dream though, to get like barely injured by a falling piece of metal in Jerry Jones stadium. Mm. Oh my god. You would just scratch Never see me again. I would be a billionaire. Yeah, it'd be awesome. Or you'd just get cowboys tickets. That would suck. Yeah, no, that'd be, that'd be Then I'd assume again. Yeah. Did you guys see the, the Paul Skees giveaway? There's a, there's giving away a card and if you get it, it's a rookie Paul Skees card and if you get it, you get 30 years of pirates.


Season tickets. Two seats behind home plate. Okay. It's an Interesting giveaway you guys in. It Seems like a burden. It's a lot of years. It's a lot of years for Pirates season tickets. Can you resell 'em? I don't know. I would hope so. Here's what you get. You get That'd be sick. Two pirate season tickets behind home plate for the next 30 years. Meet and greet with Paul Skees. Two Paul Skees autographed jerseys softball game for 30 at PNC Park. That's good. That's awesome. Yep. That is, that is the sickest. Wait, someone did it. Someone got it. I don't know. I think this, he, the Pirates are looking for whoever pulls this card, so I think Oh, to give it.


Oh, they're trying to, to buy it like The card is already, That's the Pirates out, But the pirates are trying to get that Card. So the pirates trying to get that card so they can sell it in like four years. So they can pay Paul schemes. Yeah. And Livy Dunn also offered, they could watch a game in the suite with her. That's one of the In the box. Yep. In the box. Livy Dunn offered admittance to her box. I didn't say it. Okay. Good. Show boys. Good show. Let's do numbers. Three 11 memes. You're never gonna get it. Memes.


36, 56, 77. Nine nine. Put 33 Jack, 21. Everyone go. I think Jack said 33. What was your pick memes? 56. You've Never gotten it? Nope. What was your pick? PFT 77. You also have never gotten it. Oh, that's what, yeah. Memes pick last time. 95. 95. Love you guys.